



A dime a dozen - sopeysoup - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

A dime a dozen
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/16485848.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Graphic Depictions Of Violence
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jung Hoseok | J-Hope/Min Yoongi | Suga, Kim Namjoon | RM/Min Yoongi | Suga, Kim Taehyung | V/Park Jimin, past - namgi
Character:
Min Yoongi | Suga, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Kim Namjoon | RM, Kim Taehyung | V, Kim Seokjin | Jin, Jeon Jungkook, Park Jimin (BTS)
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe - Gangsters, Blood and Violence, Blood and Injury, Crimes & Criminals, Gang Violence, Undercover Missions, Smut, Shameless Smut, Enemies to Lovers, Break Up, Angst with a Happy Ending, Near Death Experiences, Anal Sex, Eventual Romance, Top Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Bottom Min Yoongi | Suga, Mob boss hoseok, Mob Boss Namjoon, All of them are gangsters, except jin, and someone, Read if you wanna know lol, Theres a fluff here somewhere, Just squint your eyes hard, Also im sorry joonie :((((, no one dies dont worry, The Author Regrets Everything, Also tattoed hobi and yoongles, And yoongles has a tongue piercing, bcoz that shits hot as fuck bitch, Barebacking, Sexual Tension, like a lot of it lol, Hobi calls yoongles pretty, mention of cheating/infidelity but its not sope
Stats:

        Published: 2018-11-01
        Words: 23324
      

A dime a dozen
by sopeysoup
Summary
The raven haired swallows the lump in his throat, contemplating. “Why do you want me to join your gang?"Hope steps away, but keeps his hand on Yoongi’s shoulder, giving what the raven haired had to guess, is a reassuring squeeze. “Yoooongi,” he draws out his name and it stirs something in the raven haired. “You're smart, I told you. Also,” he pauses, for an effect. Then he suddenly leans into Yoongi until he's close, so close, his breath tickling the raven haired's ear."I'm interested in you."“Stop using my name in vain,” Yoongi says trying to sound as deadpan as possible as he pushes Hope away from him, brushing the hand off his shoulder with one of his own. He doesn’t miss the linger of the other’s fingers, either. “Use my alias, Agust, but not my name. I’m not in your rodeo.”“Yet,” Hope feels the need to point out. He takes a few steps back, his eyes prolonged over Yoongi’s body. “Keep it in mind, though. Would really love to have you around.”-Yoongi is roped into the gangster life by his lover, despite wanting a normal life. Then, the rival's gang leader suddenly takes an interest in him. A lot of shit happen.
Notes
Hello! It's me, your local shitposter of shitty fics, now back with a sope gangster fic bcoz sope breathed yesterday. XDAnyways, I've been working on this for like 3 months. I was supposed to post this during sope week but real life happened and I don't have much time to finish this (also, I have like 10 wip fics).And before someone goes for my throat again. Yes, this fic revolves around gangs so it's expected that there's a depiction of violence in here. Like a lot of violence and crimes so don't read this if you're sensitive to that. Also, fun fact. The side pairing was supposed to be taejin instead of vmin in this story. But I changed Jimin's and Jin's character immediately after I watched the latest BV3 episode. Vmin are just... they're soooo cute. T.T (i might make a vmin fic soon, you never know)The military in here is based on the US rules and such. And I only researched for a little, so please don't hesitate to correct me if I'm wrong in some aspects.Here's 23K+ words of shitty gang au. Happy halloween. ♡

          See the end of the work for more notes




A dime a dozen

  Flashing lights color the under-bridge; the approach of police and ambulances combine. The noises are hollow to Yoongi, the sound of his own blood behind his ears pumping rapidly drowning out any other sounds besides his labored breathing. Time is slow, impossibly slow, as he cradles the body in his arms closer to his chest—not caring if the blood soaks his clothes. Faintly, he can feel the sensation of tears on his face but everything is numb, detached. It isn’t long before he feels hands prying him away from the body—his body. Yoongi screams, the sound tearing through his throat as he lashes out; kicking and punching, even biting to try and keep his hold on the other. They can’t take him away. He can’t leave, not now. There’s still so much to live for. 
Why did he have to go?
 There’s a prick to his arm, but Yoongi barely feels it. Within seconds, however, his body begins to get heavy and darkness is slowly surrounding his consciousness. Yoongi’s blurry vision watches the EMTs place Hoseok’s body on a gurney and hoist it into the ambulance. Yoongi’s barely-there consciousness takes into account that the same is happening to him, and knows he isn’t going to be placed in the same ambulance as Hoseok. Blearily, as he drifts away, Yoongi’s thoughts wander back to the first time he had met the other; how unlikely their situation had been, and how quickly it had been taken away from them. *** Yoongi had no idea at all that he's life's going to be like what it is right now when he decided to move into the city to live with his boyfriend of a year. They had known each other since the beginning of high school, and it was actually him that persuaded Yoongi to join the gang he was in. His name is Namjoon, but he also goes by his street name, RM. Yoongi fell for his laugh, and his carefree manner—as if life itself couldn’t stop him from doing the things he wanted. Namjoon was made the gang leader after he dropped out of high school. Yoongi was able to finish his senior year no problem, however. After moving in with Namjoon, Yoongi noticed his more prompt diligence as the gang’s left hand. They dealt with all kinds of trades; mostly drugs and guns. The more their gang became active, the more the neighboring gangs took notice, and that meant that street fights became almost a regular occurrence. Things usually got disbanded by the cops before anything substantial happened, but broken bones and stitches were a very common happening. More practice for their proclaimed medic, Jungkook, he supposed. Between gang events and work, Yoongi was exhausted. Namjoon tried to coax Yoongi into quitting his job since the gang's reeling in enough money for them, too—but Yoongi liked the bit of normalcy in his life. It was almost a getaway, he supposed. Yoongi had never in his wildest dreams believed he would be part of some gang running rampant in the streets at night, but here he is almost four years out of high school, doing just that. Yoongi had envisioned a relatively ordinary life for himself, but he supposed what actually came about was at least a bit more entertaining; the only down side being the death that happened every once in a while when they crossed out of their own territory. Yoongi had just gotten off work and is taking the bus home. Normally, he walks as the way from his work and home is only about a fifteen minute by foot, to and from, but it’s late and he’s tired—working at a diner sometimes is. The raven haired man is leaning his head against the window, trying not to think about who else is doing the same when the bus jerks forward as they stop, jostling him. He turns his caramel brown eyes to the front of the bus, wanting to glare at the driver but having his gaze be blocked by a person boarding the bus instead. Yoongi probably would have thought nothing of it, however, he feels the man’s eyes land directly on him as soon as he’s on the bus. The raven haired raises his eyes to meet the other man’s, a narrow suspicion in Yoongi. The other man, a good-looking one; his skin tawny, yellowish-brown with brunet hair hidden under a beanie folding his ears into that of an elf’s, peers at him with a grin, his face almost smug. The man shakes his arm deliberately, Yoongi guesses, and it catches his attention enough to draw his eyes. The man pointedly pulls up his hoodie sleeve, revealing a tattoo lining his arm. Had Yoongi been just a normal college student, he doubtlessly would have thought nothing of it, but being that he’s the left hand of a gang, he knows this man belongs to a neighboring mob, and is intruding on their territory with almost no regard for boundaries. He walks passed Yoongi and takes a seat at the back of the bus and the raven haired resists the urge to touch the back of his neck where his own gang mark scarred his skin. The collar of his shirt is covering it, anyway, but even though it is, Yoongi has a feeling the other knows exactly that it’s there. It’s still a few minutes to his house and though Yoongi is sure a few of their enemies know where their house is, the raven haired doesn’t want to add this lunatic to the list. He looks harmless but the intimidating, dangerous glint in his eyes says otherwise. Yoongi pulls the string to call his stop and meaningfully turns his eyes to the man at the back of the bus, catching his eyes quickly. Yoongi tilts his head mutely and walks off, not bothering to check if the man followed him or not. Walking into an alleyway, Yoongi grazes his fingers over the pocket knife he carries with him at all times, hoping this meeting won’t turn out with bloodshed. There will be no telling, though, since it’s extremely brash to reveal his alliance on rival ground to the left hand of the gang which he undoubtedly has the knowledge of. The sound of crunching gravel behind him assures him that the man has followed him off the bus, and the hair on the back of his neck stands on end. The raven haired stops at a crossway in the alleys, giving himself more routes to escape if he needs to be. Though he knows he’s alone, Namjoon’s only a phone call or text away and members of their gang are just about every corner of the street so he can call for back ups—but this rival, however, seems to be alone and that is thoughtless. Especially in enemy’s territory. Yoongi wouldn’t put anything past this man, however. He is either extremely smart or overly confident. Maybe both. Turning around toward the other, Yoongi keeps his chin high, willing confidence to roll off him in waves. He’s in his territory with more than a handful of members just nearby and only one enemy in sight. There’s no danger here, even if the man is a bit taller and broader than him. “You’re trespassing,” Yoongi says, his voice a little threatening. “I sure am,” the man answers, his arrogant grin only widening. Yoongi narrows his eyes. “Outing yourself like this when you’re alone isn’t very smart.” “I’m never alone,” the man shrugs, replying nonchalantly. “What do you want?” Yoongi’s getting irritated with the other’s lax attitude. The man takes a step closer. “I’m making myself known." Another step, Yoongi fights the desire to take a step back. “Your boy toy’s been trading his drugs into my territory, and that needs to stop,” his smirk takes a vicious upturn, his eyes glaring. “Keep a better patrol then,” Yoongi shrugs, ignoring the brand on Namjoon. His mouth is really going to get him in trouble one of these days. “Your crew must not respect the name. Maybe they’re turning coats.” “Heh,” the man drops his head, shaking it in mock disbelief. “If only they are. Unfortunately, part of them are dead,” he brings his gaze back up and pierces Yoongi with it. The raven haired tries to stone his features, but he feels his eyes widen a fraction. Namjoon hadn’t mentioned any of this. Is he trying to expand? Why hadn’t he revealed this to Yoongi? “You have proof it’s us?” A smirk plays on the man’s lips, his eyes a cruel mockery. “The only proof I need is waiting to be sent back to their living relatives, or being cremated if they have none,” he shrugs simply and takes short, deliberate steps forward. Yoongi swallows. “And I need you to do a favor for me.” Oh, this isn’t going to be good. Yoongi blinks, but otherwise stands still as the man continues his slow, intimidating gait over. “I think I’ll pass. I’m not really the type of guy to hand out favors.” The man stops just short of ten feet from Yoongi whose hand twitches for the knife in his pocket. “This one’s mandatory.” Yoongi doesn’t give the other the pleasure of moving first. He swiftly takes a hold of and releases the knife from its sheath, swaying it in the air in front of the man as he takes multiple steps forward. The guy is stealthy, Yoongi notes, as he’s able to dodge every jab he delivers. A hand comes up and the raven haired expects a blow to his arm so he lowers it, but the man only uses it as a distraction to do a one-eighty around him and suddenly there’s an arm around Yoongi’s neck. The raven haired brings his knife, wielding his hand up automatically to stab at the offending appendage, but the man behind him catches his wrist and forces the knife out of his hand via pressure points. Yoongi brings his leg up to kick backwards, his running shoe grazing the man’s thigh as the latter pushes him away. Too bad he didn’t get the good spot. So he instantly rounds, bending his knees in anticipation. His knife’s to his left, closer to his attacker. The raven haired waits for the other to make the first move this time, watching the man’s footing and hand movements with calculating eyes. The man is just as calculative with his moves too, if not more, almost as if he’s been trained rigorously in extensive combat. Just as Yoongi is still trying to determine what training did he do, the man pounces at him, aiming a fist at the raven haired’s jaw. Yoongi ducks his head and uses his forearm to push the man’s knuckles away from his jaw, using his other hand to hit the man in his gut, feeling tight muscles hidden underneath his baggy clothes. Now he knows for a fact that he had some kind of training. Normal crunches and pushups won't do much to make that kind of a body. The raven haired steps to his left in order to inch closer his knife to the man, and the latter falters for a split second. Knowing that Yoongi is going to move in a particular way, the man drops to the ground and kicks his leg out in a three-sixty. Yoongi barely has the time to analyze before he jumps just in time to miss the trip, then springs down to pick up his knife again. Yoongi looks up at his attacker, finding him stampeding toward him. The man crashes into him, but Yoongi refuses to go down, the man’s face in his chest as the man pushes him into the wall. Yoongi’s back crashes into a building none too gently and he knows he’ll be feeling that tomorrow. He brings his knife down toward the man’s side, embedding the knife there. There’s a grunt and heavy pants coming from the man as Yoongi works the knife, twisting it around in its home. He's about to pull it out and stab it back into the same spot when the man grabs his wrist again, working against his muscles to force the his arm back against the brick. The man’s strong, Yoongi will give him that. He kicks his leg up as reflex, using his other hand to push the man’s shoulder down to keep him in line, but his thigh is stopped with his attacker’s other hand. Clicking his tongue, Yoongi flips the switchblade in his hand and thrusts it downward, landing it into the man’s hand. He loses his grip on it, however, and the other has easily able to pull his arm away and fling the glinting metal away before that same arm is pressed against Yoongi’s neck, choking him. His hands reaches up to pull at the arm cutting off his oxygen, and kicks his feet uselessly. A few punches are delivered to his gut, causing Yoongi to spit up before he’s turned around against the wall, his face grazing painfully on the brick. “Ahh,” the man breathes by his ear. “Now if you had just done this from the start, things would have been so much easier.” “Easy doesn’t suit me,” Yoongi bites back, clenching his jaw. “It sure doesn’t,” the man laughs haughtily as he presses his shoulder into Yoongi’s back. “I want you to remember two things for me. One. My name is Hope. And two,” Yoongi feels the man behind him, ‘Hope’, glide his fingers over his left arm, his touch almost delicate before they dig into the skin of his forearm in between his wrist and elbow. With a quick flex of the man’s hands, Yoongi’s arm snaps and a strangled cry comes from his lips. “When your arm is healed, I’ll be back to get even with the body count, understand?” His lips are right up against Yoongi’s ear and the raven haired shudders in disgust, but nods his head. He feels a pat on his head, and then his body is released. “Good boy,” Hope derides, stepping away. “Don’t miss me, pretty boy, okay?” Yoongi turns his head with narrowed eyes at the other while holding his arm protectively against his side. Hope is backing out of the alleyway with a wave, his other hand holding his side where Yoongi had stabbed him. When he reaches the sidewalk, he turns and walks away casually, as if nothing had happened and he isn’t bleeding out of his abdomen. Yoongi carefully hobbles over to his knife, bending down to pick it up, the movement causing a slight muscle strain in his stomach. When it’s safely back in his pocket, he pulls out his phone and speed dials Namjoon. Namjoon picks up on the second ring. “Hey, my sugar, my babycakes!” Yoongi lets a pitiful smile slip onto his face as he leans back against the brick, sliding down to sit with his knees huddled into himself. “Namjoon,” his tone is breathy and urgent. Namjoon’s attitude changes instantly at the sound. “Yoongi, where are you?” The raven haired in question looks up though he knows there are no signs in the alley. “Fifth and Main. Usual spot.” “I’ll be there in five,” comes Namjoon’s heavy tone over the receiver and Yoongi nods before hanging up the phone. It probably wouldn’t even be five minutes, he decides. If he’s in trouble, he knows Namjoon will turn the world upside down to help him. Yoongi blows out a puff of air, running his hand through his hair in frustration. He probably wouldn’t be able to go back to work for a couple weeks now. That’s just great, not that he wouldn’t mind having Namjoon on his beck and call, but that also means that Namjoon wouldn’t be paying much attention to the group—something Hope probably wants. It seems like he’s well educated on their gang, not that it isn’t surprising. Namjoon’s gang rises to the top almost overnight; it’s hard to just ignore that. A blink later, he can hear the sound of a few people running into the alley. Yoongi hoists himself to his feet, being careful not to move his arm too much, just as Namjoon and two other groupies run up to him. “Yoongi! What happened?!” Namjoon’s hands come up, but seem hesitant to touch the raven haired. “Who did it?!” “Why don’t you tell me first why you’re messing around in other territories before consulting me before hand?!” Yoongi yells, his eyebrows furrowing down over his eyes. “What are you talking about?” Namjoon wonders with a look of confusion before it turns into annoyance. “C’mon, we need to get you fixed up.” “No!” Yoongi slaps the hand away that comes up to his shoulder. “Now. We’re talking about this now.” “What territory are you talking about?” Namjoon asks, perplexed. “Hope,” Yoongi mutters, glancing at the two groupies behind Namjoon when they begin to shift on their feet at the mention of the name. “Hope—“ Namjoon instantly brings his hands up into his hair and furiously disheveled it. “That little teenage shit?!” It’s Yoongi’s turn to look bemused at Namjoon. “He’s only a teenager?!” the raven haired doesn’t want to think about the fact that his voice came out hoarse. “He’s got rock hard abs!” “That’s because he’s a military brat,” one of the men behind Namjoon points out. Yoongi remembers his street name was V—his actual name being Taehyung. “He’s been trained by his dad since he was ten.” “No wonder he was dodging my knife like a goddamn ninja,” Yoongi grits out, bringing his hand to his face. Namjoon raises his hands once more, a look of surrender. “Listen, Yoongi,” he starts. “The only territory I’ve been into recently was Rabbit’s. We’re allies remember?” “Do you remember that I’m the one that set up that alliance?” Yoongi glares up at his lover. “Yes,” Namjoon breathes, but the way he draws the word out suggests otherwise. Yoongi sighs, his head tilting back with the groan. “We haven’t seen Rabbit in four months, Joon. Rational thinking suggests Hope took over his territory. And you walked into it without knowing.” “And now your arm is broken,” the other groupie, Jungkook, points out with an almost too entertained demeanor. “Thank you, Captain Obvious,” Yoongi turns a deadpan stare to Jungkook before rolling his eyes back to Namjoon. “I need to go to the hospital. He literally took my arm in both of his hands and just snapped it.” “Ouch,” comes the group response from all three men. “Thanks,” Yoongi sarcastically says as he rolls his neck, kicking off the wall to start walking. “Did you bring the car?” “Of course,” Namjoon smiles, quickly catching up to the raven haired and wrapping an arm around his shoulder casually. *** Hospital visits are never Yoongi’s favorite. He tries to stay away from the sterile smelling, white walls as much as he can. They take x-rays and wrap his arm after determining that surgery didn’t need to be done to make sure the bone aligns correctly. The hospital staffs choose a green wrap after Yoongi says it doesn’t matter, though he bubbles a bit in disdain. By the time they have gotten back to Namjoon and Yoongi’s house, town house really, it’s well into the early morning hours. The four of them make themselves comfortable in the small kitchen, drinks all around. “He said that after my arm’s healed, he’s going to get even on the body count,” Yoongi looks at Namjoon expectantly as he takes a drink of his booze. “People came at you and you still didn’t realize it isn’t Rabbit’s land anymore?” Namjoon twirls his glass on the island they surround, his eyes on the cup rather than Yoongi. “It only happened after we were done selling. They came at us, we pulled our knives out and shit happened.” “And you didn’t think to tell me because?” the raven haired urges, his voice coming out miffed. Namjoon brings his hands out to gesture. “It just kind of slipped my mind!” Yoongi throws his glass across the room, standing from his chair. “How does that just slip your mind, Namjoon?!” he bellows, leaning on the island with his good hand. “Something like that just can’t be tossed aside like garbage! Shit like this happens when you do,” he shoves his arm in Namjoon’s face in example. "I almost die, Namjoon!" “I’m sorry!” Namjoon retorts, looking up at Yoongi with helpless sorrow. “You’re right, I should have told you, but I didn’t and this happened,” he motions to Yoongi’s arm. “Shit, Yoongi,” he stands up and is about to hug the raven haired, but Yoongi steps back. “No,” he snaps. “You can be sorry all you want, but this,” Yoongi shakes his arm a few times, causing the injury to throb. “This deserves better. This isn’t the first time you’ve fucked up, Namjoon. It probably won’t be the last, either,” Yoongi turns his lip up at the thought, his head beginning to form a headache. “Jungkook, set me up for a couple nights?” Jungkook turns his gaze cautiously from Yoongi to Namjoon before nodding his head. “Sure.” Yoongi moves to the kitchen entrance and Jungkook follows before Namjoon is out of his chair, walking them to the door. “Yoongi, you’re not …,” Namjoon looks away for a split second before returning his eyes to Yoongi’s. “You’re not leaving the group, are you?” It isn’t the first question on his mind, Yoongi knows, but he is thoroughly amused that Namjoon changed it the last second. “Not unless I want to be decapitated. You, on the other hand,” he gives Namjoon a once over, appraising. “I very well might be. Let’s go, Jungkook.” Jungkook follows Yoongi out and shortly after Taehyung tags along, leaving Namjoon alone to mourn. Yoongi snuffs down the melancholy that tries to overturn his emotions. It is Namjoon’s fault he’s in this mess. Actually, it is Namjoon’s fault he’s part of a mob in the first place. It hadn’t been Yoongi’s first pick of things he wanted to do after high school, but it’s what he decided to partake in because he was head over heels. What crazy things teenagers did when they thought they were in love. Namjoon ruined his life. *** The next month and a half is a whirlwind of chaos; getting resources and intel on ‘Hope’ as well as trying to find out what the hell happened to their ally, Rabbit. After staying a couple nights at Jungkook’s house, Yoongi had gone back to his house with Namjoon. They ended up discovering that ‘Hope’ took out the majority of Rabbit’s group, taking what men were left and killed the man off. He had turned up in the river weeks ago, but his face had been so unrecognizable that no one had claimed the body. That was gonna cut back on revenue big time. Rabbit had controlled most of the upper city, and now it was under new control whom Namjoon had fucked over. In other words, immediate enmity. Yoongi had swore up and down the house the entire day when he found out; having been cooped up for two weeks already at the time. He had spent the remainder of his time rerouting drop off and pick up sites as well as buying grounds. Having Rabbit gone also meant a dent in their man power—they were down at least thirty percent now. “Shit,” Yoongi mutters to himself as the doctor cuts the cast from around his arm, immediately dragging his nails on this skin when it’s free. “I don’t think I need to remind you, but just in case,” the doctor begins as he tosses the bandage in the trash. “Don’t strain your arm for another week at the least. I’d recommend two, but I know how you can be. Just try and go easy on it.” Yoongi scoffs, hopping off the cot to twist his arm around. “Only when I’m dead, doc.” The doctor grins, nodding. “I expected nothing less. Take care, Yoongi.” “Thanks.” *** It has been another week and a half before Hope comes around their normal hang out, a truck of bodies deposited at their door step. “Twelve, to be exact,” he says, sitting on the cab of the truck with his feet resting in the bed. “Now we’re even.” Namjoon stands his ground, narrowing his eyes at the other. “And what about his arm? We gonna get even for that?” Hope reclines back, shrugging his shoulders once. “That was for giving me sixteen stitches in my side,” he pulls up his shirt to show the small jagged line of a scar. Yoongi inwardly pats himself on the back. “Well, now you can scram. We don’t need you skulking about here.” The man’s eyes draw to Yoongi, and the raven haired can practically feel amusement radiating off him. “I think we still have business to discuss.” “There’s nothing to discuss,” Yoongi snaps instantly, clenching his jaw. “Leave now. You’ve made your point. No trespassing.” Hope merely stands up and walks off the truck, pocketing his hands as the two men from the side of the truck come to stand behind him, each adorning a tattoo on their right arm. “I’ve become aware that I took over some territory that you had been using to transfer goods,” he goes on, ignoring the raven haired. “Which is why my men were killed, and why you now have bodies to dispose of.” “We’ve worked the situation out,” Namjoon replies calmly, crossing his arms. The brunet leans forward and back, raising an eyebrow. “But that must have cost you, huh? Can’t be nearly as much as you were bringing in before.” “Like I said, the situation has been worked out,” Namjoon repeats crossly. “We’re done here.” “No hospitality whatsoever,” Hope wails dramatically, shaking his head. “I’ll be seeing you around.” The statement is aimed at the group, Yoongi knows, but Hope’s eyes are trained on him the entire time. The raven haired narrows his own in suspicion as they board the truck and drive away, leaving a trail of dust in their wake. Everyone has been hyperaware the rest of the day, choosing to keep the warehouse door closed just in case. Yoongi is milling about with product when Namjoon approaches him. The majority of the group is up near the poker tables while the two are in the back corner, the lighting more dim. “We’ve got our work cut out for us, Namjoon,” Yoongi says casually as he marks the bag of cocaine and sets it with the other accounted product. “We sure do,” Namjoon agrees quickly, chaffing his hands together. “Listen, Yoongi,” he starts, trailing off and running a hand over the back of his neck. Yoongi turns his attention away from stocking and focuses on Namjoon, licking his lips and leaning back against the crate. “What’s it this time? Because whenever you say that, you’re definitely going to warn me of something.” Namjoon shakes his head hastily, waving his hands. “It’s not…,” he begins once more, groaning in frustration. “That guy,” he looks up into Yoongi’s caramel brown irises. “Stay away from him.” Yoongi furrows his eyebrows, his expression tight. “Because he’s the leader of a rival gang or because you don’t want him to fuck me?” the raven haired accuses, standing from the crate. “Because the last I remember, I called it off between us, Namjoon. We’re done. I’m not doing it again.” “Stop playing this off,” Namjoon raises his voice, stepping closer. “I get that we’re not a thing anymore. But I saw the way he was looking at you today. He’s bad news, sugar—Yoongi,” he insists, placing his hands on the raven haired’s shoulders. “Just keep away from him.” “Yes, dear,” Yoongi shrugs Namjoon’s hands off him, turning back to his work. “I wasn’t planning to get close to him. He’s a mob boss. I’m not doing that shit again.” Namjoon looks down, but nods. “You’re still my friend, Yoongi. Just worried about you.” The raven haired throws down the clipboard he’d been using, running a hand through his hair to get the strands out of his face. “I’m not a child, Namjoon. I can take care of myself.” “I know!” the silver haired man nods again, holding his hands up in surrender. “I wasn’t saying you couldn’t. I just need to look out for the group, too, you know? Shit’s piling up and it’s not gonna get any easier.” Yoongi huffs, placing a hand on his hip as he looks away. “You think I don’t know that? Rerouting all our shit took a hell lot of time and money.” “Which is why you’re the brains of this operation,” Namjoon smiles, laughing. “Couldn’t do it without you, dude.” “You’d be in the gutter somewhere, that’s for sure,” Yoongi raises an eyebrow at Namjoon, his lip twitching up on one side. *** The next couple weeks is relatively calm. They make sure to keep in their borders, but Yoongi is also keeping track of Hope’s business transactions and truck routes. It is late one night, around eleven, when Yoongi is scouting out more of Hope’s trucks on top of a building across the street. He has his binoculars and a pad of paper and pencil with him to write down his observations. It’s guns again; being a military kid must have its perks. He’s scribbling down his sightings when he hears a voice behind him. “Like what you see, pretty boy?” It isn’t condescending, but Hope does have a grin on his face when Yoongi turns around to face him. “It’s impressive,” is the raven haired’s simple reply. Hope nods, walking towards him. Yoongi tenses his shoulders, never taking his eyes off the man as he struts over to stand next to the raven haired and look down at his men at work. “Three crates of M16A2s and five crates of Mark23s plus silencers,” the brunet tilts his head in Yoongi’s direction, rolling his eyes to stare at the raven haired. “And you’re telling me this because?” Yoongi asks, distrust marring his voice. Hope shifts his chin in the direction of Yoongi’s notepad. “You’re tracking, right? It’s what you do.” Yoongi resists the urge to hide the pen scrawling, pressing his lips in a tight line before he replies, “How long have you been watching us?” Hope glances at his men one last time before fully turning to Yoongi, considering him. “Four months before I broke your arm was the beginning, after I acquired the territory from Rabbit.” “You mean after you killed him and then tossed him in the river with cement shoes?” Yoongi reproaches, pointing angrily at the man. Hope simply shrugs, working his jaw. “Rabbit was supposed to hand the land over in exchange for three mil. I gave him the money and he never forked over the land.” “What..?” Yoongi murmurs disbelievingly, blinking a few times. “You paid him off?” The other man raises his molten eyes to Yoongi’s, lifting his eyebrows in answer. “It was a shame, too. Rabbit was a good mercenary.” Yoongi tightens his hands into fists, his knuckles turning white. “Now you come in here and think you run the city just because you got the most territory. Fucking pathetic,” he spits, glaring at the man. There’s a glint to Hope’s eyes and Yoongi braces himself for an attack, but it never comes. Hope stands relaxed, his posture strangely casual for the stand-offish atmosphere. He smirks. “Why don’t you join my crew, Yoongi?” Yoongi scoffs. “So I can get sent to the bottom of the river when I don’t do something right?” he shakes his head, crossing his arms. “No thanks.” “C’mon,” the brunet drawls, stepping around and wrapping an arm around Yoongi’s neck, closing his hand tight around the raven haired’s shoulder. “I’ve seen the way your gang works. You run that group, not RM. We could use somebody like that.” Yoongi resists the urge to shove the man off, remembering how toned he actually is. “It’s only natural. I’m the brain and Namjoon’s the brute,” he explains as he massages his forearm, the one that had been broken. The motion doesn’t go unnoticed by Hope. “Hurts, huh? Must sense that I’m near.” “Thanks for that,” Yoongi rolls his eyes, thumbing his pale skin tenderly. “Well, thank you for the scar,” Hope grins, his expression almost affectionate and suddenly, something uncomfortable settles in the pit of Yoongi’s stomach. The raven haired swallows the lump in his throat, contemplating. “Why do you want me to join your gang?" Hope steps away, but keeps his hand on Yoongi’s shoulder, giving what the raven haired had to guess, is a reassuring squeeze. “Yoooongi,” he draws out his name and it stirs something in the raven haired. “You're smart, I told you. Also,” he pauses, for an effect. Then he suddenly leans into Yoongi until he's close, so close, his breath tickling the raven haired's ear. "I'm interested in you." “Stop using my name in vain,” Yoongi says trying to sound as deadpan as possible as he pushes Hope away from him, brushing the hand off his shoulder with one of his own. He doesn’t miss the linger of the other’s fingers, either. “Use my alias, Agust, but not my name. I’m not in your rodeo.” “Yet,” Hope feels the need to point out. He takes a few steps back, his eyes prolonged over Yoongi’s body. “Keep it in mind, though. Would really love to have you around.” Yoongi watches with a tight expression as Hope eases out the door to the roof, smirking before he disappeared. The raven haired leans down and picks his paper and pen up before looking over the ledge to see the brunet coming out of the building. In return, Hope looks up and grins instantly when he sees Yoongi staring back, proceeding to wink at the raven haired. Yoongi’s face heats until it becomes reddish and he stumbles back a few steps, placing a hand over his mouth as he grits his teeth. 
What an overconfident asshole.
 *** Yoongi berates himself every day after that, however, when he actually contemplates the idea of joining Hope. In all honesty, he’s a lot better off than Namjoon is—more land, better access to equipment and more income if that last haul is anything to go by. But could he really just up and leave his current gang, though? He doesn’t have any strong connections besides Namjoon, of course, and it’s only a matter of time before Hope takes over Namjoon’s group, too. Yoongi is sure of that, so why not start early? But if he did leave, would that mean that the Mono would disband and follow him to Hope’s group—aptly named Hangsang? Yoongi stews over this for a week before Hope finds him once more; on the bus home from work and the brunet doesn’t even flinch when he sits in the seat next to the raven haired, leaning back comfortably. Yoongi ponders the man a moment before looking over with a quirked eyebrow and a question in his expression. “Déjà vu, huh?” Hope chuckles, crossing his arms. “One that hopefully doesn’t end with me and a broken arm,” Yoongi replies snappily, turning his head back toward the window. “You’re trespassing again.” “And you’re alone again." “Are you threatening me?” the raven haired says in hushed tones, looking around to the occupants of the bus. “Why would I threaten a member candidate?” Hope shrugs, knocking his elbow into Yoongi’s forearm. It gets the raven haired’s attention and he whips his head around to glare at the other. “You still think I’ll join your circus party?” "We freaks have to stick together.” “Move. I’m getting off,” Yoongi reaches up to pull the cord for the bus, but the man next to him reaches out and clasps his fingers tightly around the raven haired’s wrist. “Not yet,” Hope breathes into Yoongi’s ear, setting the captured appendage back down on the raven haired’s knee. “Just hear me out, will you?” Yoongi grits his teeth together, running his hand over his face in exasperation. “Not much of a choice on my end.” Hope makes a noise in the back of his throat. “If you come into my group willingly, I’d set you up as tracker. Much more land at your expense, and so many more revenue methods. Hell, you could even be my left hand if you wanted.” Yoongi looks at the empty bus seat in front of him, licking his lips in thought. “What about the guy that follows you around like a lost puppy? That kid with blond hair?" “Jimin,” Hope supplies. “He’s not technically my second. I don’t have one. Jimin just likes to keep close.” An amused chuckle slides passed Yoongi’s lips. “You mean he likes you?” Hope bursts out laughing, slapping a hand over his knee which draws a bit of scornful eyes. The brunet raises his own irises and glowers back, turning them all back around before he moves his attention to his seat partner. “Jimin doesn’t like me, I know for a fact,” he stands up and pulls the cord Yoongi had earlier reached for. “Follow me.” Curiosity kills the cat, Yoongi tells himself as he stands up from the seat and scoots his way to the front of the stopping bus. They walk in silence after exiting the bus and end up at a parking garage just at the border of their territories. Hope waves his hand at Yoongi who’s ogling the site, taking in the details and surveying the area. Their footsteps echo in the mostly empty garage as they go up three floors, using the elevator to lift them. Once the doors to said operating machine opened, Hope jogs out with his hands in his hoodie pocket to look over the railing. He ushers Yoongi over hastily, using that same hand to fix the beanie atop his head. “There, look,” Hope points out into the darkness and Yoongi follows the direction. “Is that,” Yoongi stops, tilting his head in enquiry, placing his own hands on the cement railing in front of him. “Is that Tae—V?” Hope nods, though Yoongi barely takes notice as he watches Taehyung and who he has to guess is Jimin run from shadow to shadow, looking behind them as if to make sure they aren’t being followed, while holding hands. “Sure is. Jimin, too. They think I don’t know. Fuckers.” The words are harsh, but the look on his face is warm, Yoongi realizes as he turns his head toward the other. “They’re seeing each other in secret?” Hope nods again, moving his gaze to the raven haired without craning his neck. “Have been for a few months at best.” “Namjoon doesn’t know,” Yoongi hears himself admitting, blinking up at Hope. “What makes you say that?” his question is almost feigned confusion, his lips lifting up slightly in a smirk. Yoongi turns his eyes back to the two shadows, now farther away from them. “He would never let V sleep around with someone from a different gang. It’s like betrayal to him.” “Better keep this to yourself, then,” Hope mutters, shifting out of Yoongi’s peripheral. “Yeah because bringing this up to Namjoon was my … first,” Yoongi slows his speech until it eventually stops when he turns his head to give Hope a bored look only to find the man is gone from his sight. “Hope?” he lifts himself from the railing, fully turning around. That is strange, but not unexpected. Hope is gone as quickly as he came and Yoongi shrugs his shoulders. Now he just needs to get home and try to forget Taehyung is committing an offense in the eyes of Namjoon. He walks casually back toward the elevator, his head tilted down slightly. It’s when he’s turning a corner that it happens; he bumps into Hope, their foreheads knocking while their lips brushes together. Yoongi stumbles backward, his hand instantly going to his mouth to cover his lips. “You kissed me!” Yoongi chides angrily, pointing a finger at the brunet. “Technically, you ran into me,” Hope clarifies, raising an eyebrow and cocking his lips up in a grin. “But you did it on purpose,” Yoongi leans forward menacingly. “You waited there until I was turning the corner.” Hope shrugs, looking away uninterested. “What proof do you have?” “Perverted asshole!” the raven haired shouts, stomping around the other. “Why did I ever consider joining your crew?!” Hope rounds on the heel of his right foot, keeping his gaze on Yoongi. “Because you know it’d be a wise future investment. Namjoon’s little group isn’t going to go anywhere. But mine? It’ll be here until your grandchildren are old.” Yoongi stops, huffing out. “Not having kids. Good try, though.” “Offer still stands,” Hope calls after him as the raven haired steps into the elevator and hits the button for the first floor. Yoongi pockets his hands as he walks home, the night air slightly cooler than when he had first gotten off work. One thing that just didn’t make sense to him is why Hope decided to keep Taehyung and Jimin's relationship a secret. He had known about it as soon as it started, it seems, and yet he decided not to break it up. Why? Surely he must know what kind of consequence that could have if Namjoon or even other gang members found out? Is he planning to use the information, or is he just letting them have their fun? Yoongi pinches the bridge of his nose and assures himself it isn’t as if he absolutely needs to know—he just likes being one step ahead of the game. And there has to be a reason; there always is. But Yoongi decides not to waste more time thinking about it and sets about what he really wants to accomplish. They have gathered information up on Hope, but nothing substantial and nothing the raven haired wholly believes. The fact that he had either been in the military or is just the son of a military man is true enough; his fighting prime case. They found his real name, Jay—no last name—and a sorry excuse for a background. The only record they could find of him started when he came into Rabbit’s land. It is suspicious, to say the least, but most of the crew brushed it off; it wouldn’t be the first time a no-name came into power. Yoongi feels differently. There’s something Hope is hiding, the raven haired can tell. It’s just with the way he carries himself and the subtle but there expressions he use every so often when Yoongi is paying attention. He doesn’t act like the leader of a vicious gang; more like a commander over an army troop. Are they really that different, though? And the analogy fit, in hindsight, since the man seems to come from a military background. Yoongi rubs his face in annoyance as he sits down in his room, having been back from his unprompted meeting with Hope for a few hours. He has all of the information on the man in front of him on his desk, but majority of pieces are just not adding up. Why would he suddenly become the leader of a gang—and how? Is he doing it to piss off his parents? Namjoon had said he’s a teenager, which surprised him more than anything. A teenager with no name for himself on the street became the leader of a gang overnight; one of the largest in the city. That doesn’t just happen, even if he had extensive military training. Those certainly are suspicious and Yoongi wants to find out more. *** The next meeting Yoongi has with Hope, the raven haired initiates himself. He stands waiting on top of a building across from Hangsang’s largest hangout wondering if Hope will actually show up like Yoongi assumed he would. The raven haired isn’t disappointed when just a few minutes later, Hope is walking up next to him, a silence falling comfortably over them. Yoongi in no way trusts the man, but it’s easily peaceful around him. Yoongi doesn’t know whether to be intrigued or troubled by the realization. “Long time no see,” Hope finally says after a short while, his only motion blinking. “I’m sure that’s only one sided,” Yoongi replies, tilting his head toward the other slightly. “Insinuating that I’m keeping a watch on you?” Hope raises an eyebrow, twisting at his hip to glance at the raven haired. Yoongi stares at Hope’s hazelnut brown eyes for a moment before looking back down over the building. “Just a feeling I had.” From the side of his vision, Yoongi watches Hope nod before turning back the way he was. “What kind of man would I be if I just let the enemy do as they pleased without keeping lookout?” “Is that the military talking?” Yoongi ponders aloud. A chuckle sounds deep within Hope’s chest, a sound that made Yoongi’s skin tingle. “Could be.” The raven haired turns fully toward the other, crossing his arms. “How long did you serve?” If Hope is surprised by the question, he doesn’t show it, merely pursed his lips. “Two tours in Iraq.” Yoongi narrows his eyes. “So … what?” he leans on his left leg, jutting his hip out. “You turn seventeen, they send you to war?” “I’ll be twenty this year,” Hope says matter-of-factly, his jaw tightening. “I was deployed just before my eighteenth birthday,” he breathes deeply and closes his eyes as if reliving memories before he tips his head and then turns to look at Yoongi, smirking. “What makes you so interested?” The question would have come off defensive if not for the grin and amused look in the other’s eyes. Yoongi swallows. “I like to know people before I work under them. You’re not any different.” “You do background checks on everyone you meet?” Hope’s eyebrows shoot up in surprise. “Mostly,” Yoongi shrugs. “RM?” Yoongi lifts his gaze back to Hope’s at the mention of Namjoon’s alias, the silence lingering for a whole of a minute before he answers. “I was in high school when I met Namjoon. It was different back then.” “So no background check on him, then,” Hope nods, assuring his answer. “I’ve known him for several years,” Yoongi finds himself saying, almost as if to defend Namjoon’s credibility. “There’s nothing he does that I don’t know about.” “Except for the drug run that got your arm broken,” Hope decides to point out, lowering his gaze to said arm that seems to pulses in response at its mention. “Rabbit was in our alliance,” Yoongi retorts. “It wouldn’t have been a problem if some nutcase military brat hadn’t taken him out.” Hope’s jaw clenches once more, his eyebrow twitching as he assesses Yoongi. “You are close. Or, you were.” Yoongi’s breath stills for a heartbeat before picking up again. He knows Hoseok isn't talking about Rabbit anymore, but Namjoon. It isn’t unforeseen that he knows, but the fact that he suddenly brings it out of nowhere, is. “Had been,” is his only comment on the matter. Hope turns away from the ledge of the building to face Yoongi, taking a few steps closer. “What happened to make the trusting puppy bite its owner?” the brunet mocks, a calculating look in his eyes. Yoongi’s hands constrict in their respective pockets, his eyebrows furrowing. “People change.” “You, or him?” Hope asks swiftly, gradually striding over to the raven haired until he’s just a few feet away. Yoongi considers him a moment. “Maybe we both did.” “And you’re here now, because?” Hope slants his head down and to the side, looking at Yoongi through his eyelashes. “Considering my options,” the raven haired says easily, his hands relaxing in his jeans. Hope hums in appraisal, switching his gaze from Yoongi to the cement roof. “Good,” he bobs his head, lifting his hand between them. Yoongi eyes his hand cautiously, knowing he’ll have to use the arm that is broken to shake. “This doesn’t mean I’m joining your crew.” “Just considering the option,” Hope nods once more, agreeing. “No rush. But you know, the sooner the better,” he shrugs. Yoongi takes his hand from his pocket and extends it, capturing Hope’s hand in his own firmly, shaking once. He plans to pull back as soon as their hands come on the down swing, but Hope pulls on his arm, causing him to stumble forward into the other’s sturdy weight. Yoongi grits his teeth against the ache in his bone and makes to remove himself from the situation, but a hand at his back prevented his movement. Said hand pats him on his shoulder blades a good few times before he’s released. “What is with you and being physical?” Yoongi wonders crossly as he straightens his clothes, glaring at the other. “Keeps people guessing,” Hope replies simply, staring meaningfully at Yoongi. “I would be a fool not to,” the raven haired counters, biting his cheek. “Smart and pretty. That's a deadly combination,” Hope expresses, tilting his head away as he looks back over the ledge of the building. “We should do this again soon.” “I won’t be making a habit of it,” Yoongi answers. “Then I will,” the brunet responds, grinning wickedly at the raven haired. Yoongi watches him leave with an uneasiness settling over his gut. A few answers are given to him tonight, but more questions just seem to pop up in their place. Namjoon is right about one thing; Hope appears to be a bad news. But is that just his paranoia acting up, or is there some sort of truth behind it? *** The considerations bother Yoongi for a whole of two weeks until things come to a head and he once again meets Hope, but under different and complicated circumstances. Namjoon has gathered a mini horde and rampages into one of many of Hope’s hangouts, where they know the brunet to be bidding his time. Their numbers are about evenly matched, but they are in their territory and Yoongi knows for a fact that they have a warehouse full of ammunition and machine guns just two blocks away. He had told Namjoon this, but the silver haired had blocked out his words in anger. It made Yoongi wonder what he had ever seen in Namjoon, but then he would remember the man’s grins and his laugh and then remind himself that Namjoon is a man willing to do anything for money and power. “You’re selling on my land!” Namjoon yells as soon as they enter the hangout, his metal baton skidding across the cement loudly. “Fuck!” “Now, now,” Hope holds up his hands in mock surrender, easily jumping off a crate he’s been sitting on top of, two men immediately taking up his flank. “Demand is high, my friend. I can’t help that your people come to me for their goods.” “It’s on my land, half the profit is mine,” Namjoon growls, his fists clenched tight and his expression livid. Hope moves his hands to his hips, contemplating with his eyes raised to the ceiling before looking back at Namjoon with a devious smirk. “I’m afraid I can’t do that.” Namjoon takes a step forward, raising the baton. “Excuse me?” “Namjoon,” Yoongi warns, glancing between the two. “I said,” Hope starts, enunciating the words slowly as if speaking to a five year old. “I. Cannot. Do. That.” “Fuck you, bastard!” Namjoon shouts, motioning for the guys behind him to attack. “No, wait!” Yoongi yells, trying to stop them, but they only hesitate for a second before Hope’s men are coming at them. “Damnit!” Fists are flying and knives are swinging around, trying to slice skin in all the wrong ways. In the middle of a fight with someone he doesn’t recognize, Yoongi glances over to where Hope and Namjoon are going at it; Namjoon swinging his baton and missing for the most part. There’s a resounding slap of metal against skin and Yoongi falters for a moment as his eyes widened, taking in the sight of Hope on the ground, belly down and unmoving as Namjoon raises his baton with its aim set on Hope’s neck. “Namjoon, no!” Yoongi yells, a panic setting over him. The raven haired is tackled for lowering his defense, but the pain is numb compared to the picture of Hope’s face down on the ground motionless. Thankfully, Yoongi’s scream gains Namjoon’s attention and he moves to free Yoongi from the hold his attacker has on him. In that small amount of time, Yoongi watches over Namjoon’s shoulder as Jimin lifts Hope’s arm around his neck and pulls him up, the brunet coughing up blood but alive. “I think they get the message, Namjoon,” Yoongi moves his eyes to the man in front of him, his eyebrows creased and his lips tight. Namjoon twists his body around to glare and pull his lips back in a snarl. “This isn’t over!” Jimin sneers at Namjoon as he leans heavily, supporting Hope’s weight. “Then why are you running away, bitch?” Namjoon makes to stand, but Yoongi holds him back with his hand on the inside of the other man’s elbow. “Leave it, Namjoon. They’ve had enough!” the raven haired says as he waves a hand at all the people lying belly down on the ground; most of them part of Hope’s gang. Namjoon spits his distaste at Jimin and Hope’s shoes before he offers his hand to Yoongi. The raven haired, however, stands up on his own, patting his hands on his pants twice. “Let’s get out of here,” Namjoon murmurs as he skulks passed Yoongi, keeping his vision down. Yoongi chances one more look at Hope, being surprised when the other is staring at him, too. Hope mouths a ‘thank you’ and Yoongi nods in acknowledgement, his expression undecided before he turns and follows Namjoon out. It only takes ten minutes to get back into their territory and that’s when Yoongi stops Namjoon with a hand on his shoulder and a livid expression. “What the fuck was that back there?!” Yoongi yells as they stand on the corner of the sidewalk. Namjoon looks around the area before he drags Yoongi away from the rest of the retreating group and takes him into a nearby alley. “You heard me, right? Those bastards were selling on our land!” “And what were you doing a few months ago?” Yoongi retorts, slapping Namjoon’s hand off his arm. “That was before I knew Rabbit was dead!” Namjoon shouts, running his bloody hands through his hair in frustration. “Bullshit!” Yoongi thrusts his hand in the air then proceedes to agitatedly rub his face with the same hand. “I know you’re not just a good looking guy, Namjoon. If there is anything I learned while we were together, it’s that you’re smart. Maybe oblivious, but smart. You had to have known that there was something up when we didn’t hear from Rabbit in so long.” Namjoon keeps his mouth shut, but Yoongi sees his adam's apple dip as he swallows. Yoongi advances on Namjoon until the silver haired is against the wall, holding his hand out. “Yoongi, I … I didn’t—“ “Fuck you, Namjoon!” Yoongi winds his arm back and snaps it, letting his fist crack with Namjoon’s jaw and feeling satisfied when the man falls to the ground. “You knew the entire time, but you kept quiet! And because you did, some arrogant asshole almost got me killed and broke my arm!” “Yoongi!” Namjoon spits out blood, looking up at the raven haired as he holds his jaw protectively. “It’s not like that!” “Yeah?! Then what’s it like?!” Yoongi’s fists are clenched tight at his sides, his chest heaving as he pants. “Fuck!” he shouts, tilting his head back so his voice escapes into the sky. “That’s it! I’ve had it. I’m moving out.” “Yoongi, please,” Namjoon pleads, getting himself to his knees. “No!” the raven haired shakes his head. “There’s nothing you can say to change my mind. I won’t be around the group for a few days, so tell everyone to kindly fuck off!” Yoongi can still hear Namjoon calling out for him even after he vacates the alley and marches anywhere but there. He doesn't know where he's gonna stay, but it wouldn’t be that much of a problem; he’ll even stay under the stars if he has to. Yoongi stomps all the way to the river before he takes a deep breath and let it out, rubbing the tips of his fingers over his eyes; a sudden exhaustion taking over him. Now he has to think about finding his own place and maybe trying to find a better job to support said place. Yoongi groans in frustration as he kneels down, putting his head between his knees and a hand over the back of his neck. In the end, he stays at the river for a good few hours until the sun starts to go down. The water is beginning to attract bugs and Yoongi doesn't really feel comfortable in the grass any longer. Before he knows where his feet are taking him, he winds up on the roof of the building across from the hangout Hope usually buzzes around. He'd just leaned his hands on the cement ledge when he hears now familiar footsteps behind him and he wonders idly when they had become recognizable. Yoongi blinks before turning and sitting on the ledge, eyeing Hope carefully as he makes his way over. There's a small limp, but it isn’t from a leg injury. He is stiff when he walked, which makss Yoongi wonder if it's a chest problem. “Namjoon gave you hell.” “Three bruised ribs and one broken,” Hope nods, reaching down to the hem of his shirt and lifting it up to reveal the wrapped gauze just a little below his chest, underneath. "I underestimated him." Yoongi clicks his tongue, looking away and chews his lip. “Fuck it,” he whispers in an undertone as he lifts himself off the building’s ledge and rushes to Hope. Yoongi has the man pinned to the nearest wall in five steps, taking his fists and tangling them in Hope’s shirt as he presses his lips rough onto the other’s. There's a muffled gasp from Hope as his back hit the wall abruptly; the pain in his ribs causing his mouth to open to protest and Yoongi takes his opportunity to weave his tongue into the wet cavern. He tastes like artificial fruit as if he'd just eaten candy or drank one of those nasty gas station slushies, but Yoongi puts it out of his mind as he delves in deeper. He tilts his head sideways, working his tongue over the other’s teeth and gums. When Yoongi pulls back, Hope starts down at him a bit glazed. “Tongue piercing?” Yoongi curls his tongue out for the other to try to see his frenulum where a barbell is pierced, under the bad lighting and breathes heavily out of his nose. “Namjoon,” is his only explanation. One of Hope’s eyebrows lifts once in understanding. Yoongi takes that time to move his head back in but skips the other’s reddened lips to work on his jaw and neck instead. He hears Hope mutters "Fuck, that's hot." under his breath, but chooses to ignore it as he laps his tounge onto the other's throat. “You must have been head-over-heels.” Yoongi stops long enough to reply with, “People do stupid shit when they’re teenagers.” Hope grunts as he shoves himself off the wall and rounds them. Yoongi's now pushed against the wall with the brunet looming over him, a wild smirk playing at his lips. “And apparently they don’t learn from their past endeavors.” Yoongi peers up at Hope unabashedly with a shrug. “What can I say? Glutton for punishment.” Hope breathes out his nose in amusement, a hum rumbling his chest as he leans forward and takes Yoongi’s lips with his own. It's sloppy, heated and passionate with lust. Yoongi has his hands on Hope’s hips, pulling him closer eagerly. One of Hope’s hands rests next to Yoongi’s head on the wall while the other holds the raven haired’s neck, gripping tight as they kiss and bruises each other’s lips. Hope breaks away and licks his way up Yoongi’s cheek to his ear, nibbling the lobe and to his stud before planting several kisses on the skin behind it. Yoongi shudders and Hope grins against his flesh. “You didn’t plan to fuck on top of a roof with no preparation?” The raven haired pants and grinds his hips forward into Hope’s, throwing his head back in pleasure. “I do actually.” “Come back to my place,” Hope breathes over his ear, sending electricity all throughout Yoongi’s nerves. A dazed but hasty nod later, finds the pair, hand in hand, making their way down the stairs of the building and out into the street where they steal kisses and quick, sidelong glances. It's a few blocks before they come up to an apartment building. The outside is kind of dingy, Yoongi notices, but the inside is nice and polished. They take the elevator up; Hope pushing Yoongi against the wall for a grope and attacking lips as they ascend to his floor. Hope leads them out of the metal lift when it finally comes to a halt and strides over to a giant sliding door. Yoongi blinks back his surprise when the brunet drags the door back to expose a rustic looking studio apartment. “Damn.” “C’mon,” Hope crowds behind Yoongi, pressing his body against the raven haired’s as his lips move across his neck. “More to see than just this dump.” The promise has Yoongi moving forward out of Hope’s hold to wander into the apartment, his eyes roaming all around the space. It's wide open, like all studios are, but the wood beams and panels that look worn and aged make the place look homey and inviting. Hope watches with an entertained expression as he closes the door before he makes his way over to the drifting raven haired, catching his wrist and pulling him back against his chest. “Bedroom’s up stairs, pretty,” Hope mutters into Yoongi’s hair, his eyes closed as he takes in the other’s scent. “There’s an upstairs?” Yoongi wonders aloud, looking around until he spots the floating staircase. Yoongi finds a hand in his and then he's being led up those stairs to the second floor. There are three doors when they get to the top, and the last one on the left they enter. Yoongi doesn't get much time to ogle as Hope spins him around and bring their lips together hurriedly, their teeth knocking as they connected. Hope steps forward, forcing Yoongi to step backward lest he want to fall, but eventually his calves hit the edging of Hope’s bed and he's roughly shoved down onto the sheets. Yoongi brings his palm up to his lips to brush excess drool away when his movements pauses; Hope reaches to the back of his neck for his collar and pulls his shirt over his chest, letting the fabric fall from his hand easily. Yoongi can only blink up at the sight of man. He can see that Hope is toned, his abdominal muscles quite pronounced and is that drool coming out of Yoongi’s mouth? The raven haired quickly snaps his jaw shut, shaking his head subtly as he regains his thoughts. Hope, however, shakes his head with a hint of laughter before he struts up to Yoongi and pushes the raven haired’s jacket off his shoulders to pool at his hips on the bed. Their lips entwine as Hope strips Yoongi off of his shirt, revealing his lean, pale torso, parting for only a split second before they're at it again. Hope places his knee on one side of the raven haired as he moves up the bed with Yoongi scooting back. In the middle of the bed, Hope lays overtop of Yoongi, one hand on the raven haired’s soft stomach while the other props himself up. Yoongi has his hands feeling every inch of skin he can reach, and even brushing over the gauze gently from time to time. Hope’s back is quite taut from years of war—from long nights of training—and it makes shivers erupt throughout Yoongi’s body. He moves his hands down, letting them clutch Hope’s ass and squeezes. Yoongi is pleasantly surprised when Hope breaks the kiss to exhale shakily. The raven haired spread his legs and lifts his right to wrap around the back of Hope’s thighs, bringing their hips together. Yoongi has his hand at the front of the other’s pants before he can stop himself; unbuttoning the snap and lowering the zipper. The tent in the man’s boxers sends a pulse straight to Yoongi’s own cock and he licks his lips in anticipation. He uses Hope’s abdomen to flip their positions so now Yoongi is straddling Hope’s lap, grinding his hips down keenly. "So eager, pretty?" Hope whispers as he grabs a hold of the raven haired’s hips, stroking Yoongi’s thighs and thrusting his hips up in return. Yoongi chuckles in response as he spreads his hands over Hope’s chest, letting his fingers drag through it. He lowers his mouth to plant an openmouthed kisses down Hope’s chest, brushing his fingers over the man’s nipples as he descends lower. The raven haired grasps each side of the other’s pants and tugs them down until they're eventually off and he tosses them away, moving his attention back to the aching bulge in Hope's jeans. “Get the lube since we came all the way here,” Yoongi mumbles, looking up at Hope through his eyelashes. “I don’t think I’ll be able to stop once I have your dick in my mouth.” “Hot,” Hope grins, pushing himself on his side to lean over and open the nightstand next to the bed, digging around in the drawer before finally pulling out a bottle and tossing it to Yoongi. The raven haired catches it and sets it on the bed next to Hope’s thigh as he stands up and drops his own pants; letting his boxers fall with them. Yoongi hears the other man whistle, but pays no mind as he positions himself on the bed as he is once before. He picks up the bottle and flicks the lid open to pour some of the lube on his hand, rubbing it between his fingers until it's warm enough. Yoongi gets onto his knees, bending over Hope’s body so his ass is in the air and brings his hand behind him. Yoongi teases himself, circling his opening with a lubed finger to get a feel for it—he hadn’t had sex since he broke it off with Namjoon--smirking at Hoseok who just curses under his breath at the sinful sight in front of him. Yoongi pushes a finger passed his ring of muscle, his face creasing with pleasure. As he works himself open, Yoongi pulls his hair back with his unoccupied hand and kisses the tip of Hope’s cock. His tongue darts out to lick the slit before he devours the shaft. Hope’s fingers are in his hair instantly and Yoongi lets him take over, moving his hand to the base of the cock in his mouth. A few grunts and groans escape the man underneath him and it makes Yoongi’s own cock jump with excitement. Yoongi pulls his finger out of his ass, teasing with two before slipping them in together. A hum makes its way through his throat and he knows immediately when Hope feels it because the fingers in his hair pull just so. Yoongi looks at Hoseok from his lashes as he licks the underside of Hope’s cock, feeling the vein there pulse headily with his ministrations. He sucks hard as he pulls off, using his hand to tug on the hardened cock as his other moves a third finger inside of himself. Hoseok groans at the sight. "Fuck, fuck, Yoongi. So fucking pretty." Yoongi is getting antsy, he knows, but this is exhilarating and he's aching for release. He moves up the other man’s body, straddling his hips with a hand planted for support on Hope’s torso. Yoongi fucks himself on his fingers a few more times, giving the man a show, before he pulls them out and grabs the bottle of lube once more to grease up Hope’s cock. "You clean?" Yoongi breathlessly asks. "Yeah. Got tested a month ago. Haven't fucked anyone since then. Don't have a condom here either." The raven haired seductively smirks. "Good. I like it raw." "You're a fucking enigma. Fuck." Yoongi chuckles. Only when he is satisfied does he lines up the head with his hole. The burning stretch as he's filled makes Yoongi pull his lips back in a minor grimace, only half feeling Hope’s hands come around his hips to keep him in place. Yoongi takes a few seconds to himself when he's fully sitting on the other to relax, wiggling his hips back and forth for much needed stimulation. Taking in a breath, Yoongi lifts himself up and grinds back down, starting his pace off slow. Hope guides Yoongi while the latter fucks himself onto his cock, but for the most part, the hands on his hips are for stability. As he starts to move faster, he throws his head back, his eyes close as he revels in the feeling of sweat, sex and the wet slap of skin on his skin. Each grind hits the right spots inside of him, making Yoongi moan out wantonly, biting and licking his lips every so often from the sensation of it all. But his legs begin to get wobbly. Hope notices it and pushes the raven haired off of him none too gently before turning Yoongi onto his stomach and pulling him up on his hands and knees, a hand tucked between Yoongi’s hips to jerk him back against the brunet. Hope thrusts his cock back into Yoongi, the intrusion now much deeper and Yoongi whimpers into the bed sheets, clutching them between his fingers. Hope is rough but gentle and everything Namjoon isn’t. He pulls Yoongi’s hair, thrusts into the raven haired hard enough to break his hips and bruises his skin. Yoongi loves it; is pretty sure he's drooling if that isn’t proof enough. The raven haired can feel Hope lean over him, the brunet's chest now almost flat with his back and his breath hot against Yoongi’s ear as his thrusts turn hard and fast. “You like that, pretty?” Yoongi hears Hope whispers just behind his ear, his lips ghosting over his skin. Yoongi hastily nods, lifting his hand behind them both to hold onto Hope’s thigh; feeling each thrust delivered into him. “Oh, please. Please... more... please,” he desperately pleads in between his whimpers, his jaw wide open and his eyebrows creased high. Hope pulls them up so they're on their knees, his one hand still clasps tightly on Yoongi’s hip while the other turns his head sideways so the man can lick, bite and pepper kisses on the raven haired’s swollen lips. “I can’t hear you,” he groans, moving his mouth to Yoongi’s neck as his finger twists his nipple. Yoongi lifts his arms to the back of Hope’s head as his own falls back to rest against Hope’s shoulder, letting himself be whisked away in the other man. “Cum in me,” Yoongi breathes, tangling his fingers in the mess that is Hope’s hair. "Please." Hope grins onto the junction of Yoongi’s shoulder and neck while his hand trails down to tease at Yoongi’s cock with sure fingers. “That’s more like it, pretty boy," he praises, gripping Yoongi’s cock and working it in his palm. Yoongi ruts against the man as Hope pounds into him, his eyes opening in a haze to stare at the ceiling until he's pulled into another kiss and Yoongi moves one hand to hold onto Hope’s jaw. Tongues twirl together and it's more moans than anything, but Yoongi feels alive and it's good, feels so good. It isn’t long before Hope’s thrusts become erratic and Yoongi tenses as the man cums inside of him, filling him with his cum. He tugs on Yoongi’s cock a few more times as he drives into the raven haired through his orgasm and Yoongi lets his flow through his body, making a mess of Hope’s hand and the bed sheets. Hope releases his iron grip on Yoongi’s hip and the raven haired slumps on the bed as Hope pulls out, driplets of cum flowing out from Yoongi's used hole. “Shower’s through the door,” he points to the right side of the room lazily as he sits back on his bed, brushing a hand through his sweat matted hair. Yoongi nods and weakly stands on his legs, hobbling over to the bathroom and leaving Hope alone. The shower is nice; an understatement but nothing else pops into his mind when Yoongi takes in the double showerhead, tiled shower. There's a separate bath and the raven haired almost melts. When he steps in the shower with a wash cloth in hand, he nearly have a heart attack when the damn machine kicks on by itself; the water already warm. Yoongi lathers himself in soap, hoping to rid himself of the smell of sex and sweat, though he’ll be lying if he says he wants to. Ten minutes later, he steps out feeling clean and hydrated, towel drying his hair as he strides back into Hope’s room bare as the day he is born. In turn, Hope has a pair of boxer briefs on and is fixing the bed; probably having changed it. Yoongi quickly disposes of the towel into the hamper on his way to picking up his own boxers, flipping his hair back over his head once he stands straight. Now what is he to do? Going back to Namjoon isn’t an option—at least not right now—and pushing himself onto Jungkook again so close to the last time just seems like a dick move. Yoongi has his chin in his hand, mulling over the options when a pair of arms circle around his waist and a moist lips latches onto his shoulder. “Stay,” Hope murmurs against Yoongi’s flesh. The raven haired glances at him sideways, his hand reaching up to brush through the man’s hair. It would be better than sleeping at one of the hangouts, that is for sure. “Whatever you say, Hope.” “Hoseok,” the brunet quickly replies, breathing even. “What?” “My name,” Hope looks up at Yoongi, resting his chin on Yoongi’s shoulder as he smiles up at the raven haired. Yoongi feels his cheeks flush and his eyebrow twitch. “What about Jay?” “I go by several names.” “But Hoseok is your real name?” Yoongi wonders incredulously. A nod and a smile are his only answer and Yoongi finds himself rolling his eyes. “Fine,” he answers. “Hoseok." He stops himself from smiling because the name rolls in his tongue quite pleasantly. The brunet grins and takes Yoongi by the hand and leads him to the bed, letting go only long enough to climb under the covers before Yoongi finds himself being pulled against a warm body and a hand rounding his hips while legs are weaved between his own. Despite being in the arms and in the home of the gang’s rival mob leader, Yoongi feels comfortable and peaceful, his eyes heavy with sleep. He doesn't even remember dozing off, so when Yoongi wakes up the next morning to an empty bed in an unfamiliar place, his hackles rise. *** A sound of footsteps pats the hallway just outside the door, and the wood swings open to reveal Hope—Hoseok—in a pair of basketball shorts with a bowl of cereal in his hands, the spoon half way to his mouth. When his eyes lock with Yoongi’s, the spoon falls back into the bowl and the brunet smiles, his eyes alight with some kind of happiness not known to Yoongi. “Good morning, sleeping beauty.” Yoongi scoffs in response but the other; if it can, the man’s grin widens before he walks away, waving at Yoongi all the while. “Cereal down stairs if you want it!” Yoongi just sits in the bed a few minutes, breathing deeply though his nose until he becomes irritated with the harsh sunlight seeping from the windows and moves out of bed. He throws on his clothes and walks out of the room and down the stairs, seeing Hoseok behind the island counter getting another bowl down. Yoongi walks up to the counter and leans on it heavily, letting his eyes droop. “Can’t eat breakfast if you go back to sleep,” he hears the other man say with an amused tone. “Can’t get poisoned if I don’t eat,” Yoongi replies easily but opens his eyes nonetheless. Hoseok clicks his tongue, giving Yoongi a raised eyebrow. “I already told you I wanted you to join my gang. Why would I go and poison you?” Yoongi gives a half-hearted shrug before he pulls the ceramic bowl toward him and pours himself some cereal. Hoseok, the gentleman, splashes some milk on the grains before placing it back in the fridge and Yoongi takes a bite, crunching the flakes happily in his mouth. He's sure any kind of food would taste good to him at this point. He had skipped a meal the day before because Namjoon went on a rampage. “Why did you decide to join a gang, anyway?” Hoseok asks. Yoongi squints at the other man in suspicion as he swallows his cereal. “It wasn’t my first idea, if that’s what you’re wondering,” Yoongi responds as he sets his bowl down. “Namjoon kind of just sunk his teeth into me and it was hard to see anything else when I was younger.” “Never wanted to go to college?” Hoseok inquires, stuffing his mouth with more flakes. Yoongi shrugs, biting the inside of his lip. “I’d never liked school much anyway. I was only going cause I was forced. Passed my classes and that was it. When I graduated, I didn’t want to hear the word ‘school’ ever again.” Hoseok makes a noise at the back of his throat as he nods, setting his own bowl down. “Don’t have any ambitions, then?” Sure he had ambitions and dreams and all the sort. Didn’t everyone? “What? Does it matter?” Yoongi asks a bit defensively. Hoseok holds his hands up in surrender, shaking his head. “I just mean that you’re young. Why waste your life away in a petty gang?” Yoongi feels the heat rise to his head at the words. “For one thing,” he points to the other. “You’re younger than me. You have no room to patronize me,” he pulls his lips back in a scowl. “And two; you have no business in my life. What I do is my own.” “Alright,” Hoseok submits, keeping his hands in the air until Yoongi sets his sight back on his bowl and finishes his cereal. *** The rest of the week, Yoongi spends at Hoseok’s apartment; each night a round of hot sex until they fall asleep in each other’s arms. Hoseok doesn't bring up Yoongi’s life again, and the raven haired is almost regretful of his harsh words until he remembers that it isn’t Hoseok’s business what he decides to do with his own life. Hoseok is just a mob boss like Namjoon. He doesn't care, and Yoongi is setting himself up for disappointment again and he knows it. He knows it, yet. *** "Fuck me. I need it," Yoongi begs breathlessly into Hoseok’s mouth, one night. He doesn't know why but suddenly he’s inexplicably horny. Hoseok can't say no to that, can’t say no when a pretty little thing like Yoongi sounds so needy; begging for him. He moves his hand and cups Yoongi through his jeans, smirking against Yoongi’s lips when the raven haired bucks up into his touch. He releases the pressure and is met with an unsatisfied groan from the raven haired which he quickly swallows down, shushing him with his tongue as he works with skilled fingers to unfasten Yoongi’s belt and jeans. His thumb grazes over the head of Yoongi’s hardened length through his boxers and he's not surprised there's a damp spot already soaked into the fabric. He pulls the raven haired’s cock out through the slit of his boxers and strokes him smoothly, rubbing his thumb over the head and smearing the pool of precum that has gathered there. Yoongi throws his head back, his hips thrusting up repeatedly into the tight ring of Hoseok’s fist as he bites his bottom lip. Hoseok licks at the expanse of his neck as he flicks his wrist over Yoongi’s cock, and that's it, Yoongi’s cumming over Hoseok’s fist, his back arching as he breathes heavily, Hoseok stroking him through it. Hoseok pulls his hand from Yoongi’s cock, surprised to see that Yoongi isn't softening in the slightest. He brings his hand up to his lips and licks away the remnants of Yoongi’s precum, grinning as Yoongi whimpers. With a huff, Yoongi suddenly stands up, turning his attention to himself and the way his cock hasn’t stopped throbbing in the confines of his boxers. He smirks in Hoseok’s direction, He makes a show of it, throwing his head back and sighing as he teases himself by rubbing his hardened cock, internally cheering when he sees Hoseok glance in his direction. Hoseok can’t contain himself anymore. He stands up and rushes over to the raven haired, his hands are everywhere, sliding over Yoongi’s hips and across his stomach, pushing his shirt up as his hands slide over Yoongi’s chest. Yoongi feels like he can’t breathe, every touch an electric current flowing through him and he needs this, needs it all the time. He reaches out to Hoseok’s belt, his fingers tripping over each other as he tries to unfasten it. Hoseok pushes his hands out of the way and Yoongi whimpers at the loss of contact, but when he feels Hoseok’s cock brushing against his own, he doesn’t mind in the slightest. Hoseok steps back, his hands on Yoongi’s hips and then he’s pushing the raven haired against the door then pulling him again away, then turning him on hiss back and pushing him right back up against it, plastering himself along Yoongi’s back, his dick sliding against crevice of the raven haired’s ass. Yoongi’s breathing heavily, his face pressed against the cool surface of the wooden door, his ass pushing back against Hoseok, a silent plea of what he wants. Hoseok grips Yoongi’s hips tight, grinding against him, hot breath ghosting over the side of Yoongi’s neck. Yoongi’s eyes flutter shut and he forces them open, craning his neck to watch Hoseok’s movements. He briefly manages to catch Hoseok’s eye for a split second, and then the brunet is gone, dropping to his knees behind him. The first swipe of Hoseok’s tongue over his hole has Yoongi’s knees buckling, threatening to give out on him. His hands find purchase on the doorframe, his grip tight as Hoseok’s tongue licks over him. Hoseok is sliding in a finger along with his tongue and the raven haired’s so lost in it, he doesn’t realize he’s repeatedly whimpering and moaning until Hoseok’s tongue disappears. "Tell me what you need, pretty.” And that sets Yoongi off. He’s thrusting back against Hoseok’s fingers, begging, “Fuck me, now, please. I need it. I need you inside me.” “But you forgot something, Yoongi.” Yoongi glances at the brunet, his eyebrows suddenly furrowing in annoyance. “I’m fucking horny right now and I want you inside me. What do you want?” Hoseok chuckles and leans down until his lips brush the raven haired’s skin, whispering, “My name.” Yoongi almost whines at the brunet’s husky voice, overflowing with lust, a jolt of extreme arousal strikes the raven haired as he tips his head down, avoiding Hoseok’s gaze. “Hoseok, please,” the raven haired mumbles, desperately; eagerly. Hoseok’s breath escapes in a whoosh of air at the urgency in Yoongi’s voice and he’s rising to his feet, withdrawing his fingers from where they’re stilled inside the raven haired’s hole. They have no lube available to them, they’ve just emptied it all last night, so Hoseok spits into the palm of his hand instead, rubbing it over his cock. He anchors a hand on Yoongi’s hip and uses the other to guide himself to the raven haired’s hole, pushing in slowly. It’s not enough for Yoongi and he pushes back, a soft cry escaping his lips as Hoseok slides in fully. He’s stretched so full so fast and there are tiny pinpricks of pain shooting up his spine, but he ignores it, thrusting his hips forward slightly before thrusting back, soft sobs of pleasure trickling from his lips as Hoseok’s cock brushes against his prostate. Hoseok kind of wants to let the raven haired do all the work; it’s so much hotter for him watching the raven haired fuck himself on his cock, the way Yoongi is so needy for it. He doesn’t, though. He takes hold of Yoongi’s other hip, holding them both tightly as he slams forward into Yoongi; breath hard and heavy at how tight and perfect Yoongi is around him. Hoseok thrusts forward as Yoongi thrusts back and it’s perfect, the burning need to release driving them harder and faster, and once Hoseok has his hand wrapped around Yoongi’s cock, Yoongi’s cumming hard, body shuddering as Hoseok continues to thrust into his orgasm. It doesn’t take Hoseok much longer to cum, the sensation of Yoongi contracting around him pulling over the edge. Yoongi’s slumped against the door, Hoseok slumped against him as they catch their breath, the sound loud in the quiet around them. Hoseok slides out of the raven haired, wiping his hand on his shirt and pulling up his briefs and jeans, not bothering to button them up. Yoongi does the same, pushing himself away from the door and staggering on his feet as he steps closer to Hoseok. Yoongi’s still half-hard and the brunet swallows rapidly, unsure of where this sudden surge in Yoongi’s libido came from. Hoseok laces their fingers together, leading the raven haired across the house to the bathroom. He strips down and starts the shower, letting it heat up while Yoongi undresses. The brunet pulls Yoongi into the shower with him, and he can still feel the thrum of arousal coursing through Yoongi, and it makes him slightly dizzy. Yoongi smiles up at him, bottom lip pulled between his teeth, looking so alluring, seductive, and Hoseok can see it in Yoongi’s eyes how the raven haired still wants more. They stand under the stream of the shower, Yoongi’s back to Hoseok’s front, and the brunet can’t resist leaning in and biting at the pale skin of Yoongi’s neck. Yoongi growls deep in his throat, his right arm going up and back to tangle in Hoseok’s hair. Hoseok takes his time, trailing his lips down Yoongi’s neck as his hands slide over the slick skin of Yoongi’s stomach and along the v-line of his hips, the tips of his fingers ghosting over the base of Yoongi’s cock before he moves his hands back up, settling them over the raven haired’s midsection. Yoongi groans his disapproval and the brunet chuckles against his neck in response, breath fanning over Yoongi’s skin and sending a shiver through him. He drops his hand from where it’s tangled in Hoseok’s hair and turns in Hoseok’s hold, looking up at Hoseok through half-lidded eyes, drops of water clinging to his eyelashes. Hoseok closes the distance, pressing their lips together sloppily, teeth nipping at Yoongi’s bottom lip. His hands slide down Yoongi’s back, roughly palming Yoongi’s ass cheeks as he slides his tongue along raven haired’s, prodding at his tongue piercing. Yoongi shudders, arms going up and wrapping around the brunet’s neck as Hoseok guides them back against the wall of the shower. Hoseok hooks one of the raven haired’s legs around his waist, and carefully lines his cock to his hole. Yoongi thrusts down onto him, throwing his head back as he’s filled once again. With the brunet's aide, Yoongi wraps his other leg around Hoseok’s waist and it’s so fucking good. Hoseok is moving his hips in tiny back and forth movements, brushing over Yoongi’s prostate repeatedly, abusing it and Yoongi kind of can’t breathe from it all. “Fuck, Yoongi. So tight, so pretty for me,” Hoseok groans aloud and Yoongi swears under his breath, the sound lost amidst the sound from the stream of the shower, but the brunet gets it, sliding out and thrusting back in sharply, Yoongi grinding his hips down as best as he can. They build a rhythm easily, but it doesn’t last long, Yoongi clenching and cumming unexpectedly over Hoseok’s stomach. Hoseok’s thrusts falter for a moment, but he picks right back up, slamming in and out of Yoongi erratically until he comes, gasping Yoongi’s name. Hoseok slips out and the raven haired unwraps his legs from Hoseok’s waist, planting them on the shower floor. Yoongi’s sort of grateful for his stamina from years of being in a gang, because without it, he’s sure he wouldn’t be able to stand. They move back under the stream of the shower, the water significantly cooler than it was. They shower quickly and shut off the water, shivering as the chilled air hits their skin. Yoongi feels satisfied and happy, that thrum of arousal gone, but he knows it’s only temporary. He’s fucked out and exhausted, and a glance to Hoseok shows the same. They dry off and stumble to the bedroom, too tired to bother with clothes as they slip under the covers, Hoseok immediately pulling the raven haired against him. Yoongi can feel the subtle swell of want again as his flaccid cock brushes against Hoseok, but he ignores it, too tired to do anything about it. *** "Namjoon is my ex-boyfriend," Yoongi suddenly says after a few minutes of silence, the two of them trying to will down their exhaustion and post-sex haze. They're both completely slumped on the bed with Hoseok wrapped around him, his head on the latter's chest. "I'm sure you already know that." Hoseok hums in response, and Yoongi can feel his chest heaving up and down at the action. "He's the one who roped me into this life, you know? I was a fool in love, I let him, even though I don't want to, and now I can't go back to," Yoongi pauses, and he heaves a deep sigh. "...being normal," he continues weakly. "Then Namjoon started to show his true colors, his possessive and destructive personality. I don't even know if he ever truly loved me. He treated me like I'm his prized possession or something. It took him years before he got me, after all," Yoongi chuckles darkly. "He would always come back home. Drunk. Reeking of cheap perfume. Then, he would bent me over, fuck me, whisper sweet-nothings to my ears as if his dick wasn't shoved into some cunt or asshole just before," Yoongi swallows the lump on his throat. "I knew of all that but... I'm a dumbass. Guess I got tired of it all. Gotta give you some creds for breaking my arm. 'Cause then I had an excuse to broke it off with him." Hoseok stays silent, he brings his hand up to Yoongi's raven hair, and cards his fingers through the strands. "But... I can't leave the gang. I can't leave this life. I don't have any family. I'm an orphan. No one would accept a street rat like me. I don't have anywhere to go. I have nothing," Yoongi presses his head on Hoseok's chest further. "I just want to have a normal life," he whispers, almost inaudible. He feels small, weak and helpless, like a child. Hoseok shifts their position, pulling Yoongi closer to him as he envelops him into a tight hug. "If you choose me, I can get you outta here. You can live a normal life," is what Hoseok wants to say but he chooses to remain quiet, and just tightens his hold on Yoongi's petite body, reveling in the raven haired's warmth; the sounds of their breath mingling with each other, creating a pleasant tune amidst the heavy silence around them. *** Since that night. Everything had changed between them. Yoongi found himself opening up to Hoseok more and more, talking about his life and goals and Hoseok just listened through it all. And though, he admitted; he felt delighted by the sudden development of his relationship with Hoseok, it also scared Yoongi, more so than the former. It scared him that their relationship, whatever it is, progressed too fast, yet he couldn't stop himself from thinking that it felt just right. It scared him that he felt way too secure and comfortable being with Hoseok, almost as if he forgot about the restraints and repercussions of their current way of living.  Hoseok who is like a jigsaw puzzle with innumerable pieces Yoongi can't solve. The same Hoseok who is a mob boss. Around the second week at Hoseok’s apartment, Yoongi leaves wearing the man’s clothes and feeling a bit tiny in them. His clothes are all baggy; apparently liking the comfort of clothes rather than the appeal of them. When he ascends the stoop to his and Namjoon’s town house, he can hear glass breaking on the inside and Yoongi rushes to open the door, vaulting though the living room to the kitchen where he finds Namjoon sitting at the table and a now broken bottle of whiskey on the wall opposite him. “What the fuck, Namjoon?!” At the raven haired’s voice, Namjoon pipes up, his face going from somber to excited in less than two seconds. “Sugar!” Namjoon jumps off his chair and throws his arms around Yoongi, giving the raven haired wet and sloppy kisses in his drunken state. “The fuck?!” Yoongi yells once more, pushing the silver haired back into his chair. “What the hell are you doing?!” Namjoon’s face crumbles until Yoongi is sure he can see tears lining his eyes. “No one could find you for two whole weeks, Yoon! Where were you?” he slurs, dipping his head as the first tears fell. “I’m fine, Namjoon!” Yoongi leans over, his hands on his chest. “I’m not a child! I told you! I can take care of myself!” Namjoon stands up from his chair and takes Yoongi’s wrists into his hands, crowding the raven haired up against the wall near the shattered glass. “No, Yoongi,” Namjoon shakes his head with a sudden clarity to him. “You can’t. And that’s why I’m here. I’ll take care of you.” Yoongi struggles against his hold, his lips turning up into a sneer. “We’re not together anymore, Namjoon, remember? I’m just here for my stuff!” Namjoon tugs him forward and pushes him back hard against the wall. “And just where are you gonna go, huh?! Who’s gonna house a good for nothing delinquent?!” Yoongi furrows his eyebrows, fighting off the hurt and pain of the words thrown at him. “Don’t worry about it! It’s not your place anymore!” “It’s always been my place! I'm the only one for you!” Namjoon screams at him, his grip tightening on Yoongi’s wrists and the latter knows it's going to bruise. He suddenly releases his hands on the raven haired's wrist, though, wrapping them loosely around Yoongi’s hips. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry, sugar. You just scared me. You were gone for two weeks and I... I didn’t know what to do.” Yoongi swallows around the lump in his throat, trying not to give in to the tears that threatened to fall. He doesn't answer Namjoon and he doesn't reciprocate the hug; merely stands in Namjoon’s arms until the silver haired pulls back and kisses him softly on the lips, coaxing Yoongi into kissing back. Yoongi forces his mouth open to let Namjoon in; anything to get away from him. It's a few minutes later that Namjoon actually leaves him, going into his room to pass out after three days of being in a drunken stupor. Yoongi slides down the wall of the kitchen, not caring about the whiskey or the shards of glass scattered on the floor, as he puts his head in his hands and lets the cries rip through his body. *** Taehyung knows one of these days he’ll get caught and would be at the mercy of Mono, especially RM's, but Jimin is worth it. He’ll do anything for the beautiful man, he's sure of it. Jimin is the definition of perfection to Taehyung and he doesn't want to go another day without seeing the other. But tip-toeing though the nest of Hangsang is difficult and fatal. He can't exactly remember why Jimin had asked him to show up at the hangout, but Taehyung was out his door before comprehending. Now he kind of wishes he had listened as to why. He's just going through a small hallway with a few doors on each side to get to Jimin's room, when he hears their leader, Hope, in the room closest to him, utter a frustrated sigh. Taehyung stops quickly, noticing the door is opened ajar. He slides up to the side and waits, planning to pass by when the other isn’t paying attention, but what he hears makes him stay a bit longer than planned. “I’m not compromising anything.” Hope's talking on the phone, Taehyung realizes, as he heard muffled speech through the receiver before Hope went on. “Jin, you don’t understand. I need Yoongi on my side. He’s smart. He’s gonna find out something’s up. Hell, he’s already on my heels!” A bit more stifled talking and a few words Taehyung can make out as “Getting too personal with the mission”, before Hope speaks again. “I need to get close. If he finds out, it’ll blow everything out of the water. And if I can get him in my ‘gang’,” he said it with hinted air quotations. “Then I can just come out to him about this!” Taehyung scrutinizes the floor as his brain works around the words. What exactly is Hope hiding, and why does he need Yoongi in all of this? “You can’t take me from this,” Hope grits the words out though his teeth, speaking in a hushed tone. “If I leave now, Yoongi is definitely gonna go into high alert and then we’ll never accomplish what we set out to do.” If there's one thing Taehyung would give props to, it would be Hope’s ability to be vague about a situation. Whatever it is, though, he needs to tell Yoongi about it immediately. Taehyung waits until Hope is preoccupied and then slips passed the door, rounding the corner and slides into Jimin's room. Jimin is just coming out of a shower just as Taehyung enters his room, it looks like, and man does Taehyung want to go up to him and just cuddle on the bed, but he can't. Not now. His uneasiness and distress must have been apparent on his face because the next thing he knows, Jimin is furrowing his eyebrows in worry and anxiousness. “What’s wrong, Tae?” “I uh,” Taehyung wipes his mouth, looking around the room as he places a hand on his hip. “I can’t stay. I have to go.” Jimin walks up to him, placing a hand on his arm. “Why? What’s wrong?” Taehyung stares down into Jimin's eyes and it takes everything he has not to bend down and kiss the fear from his expression. “I think Agust might be in trouble.” *** Hoseok isn’t sure how he's able to do it, but Yoongi had managed to stay away from him for a good two weeks and it's eating him inside. What if he had found out already? What if the chance to arrest RM slipped right through their fingers? The brunet runs an irritated hands over his face, scrubbing hard before he jogs into the Army’s Civilian building. He leans on the front desk, giving the woman there his best grin before he asks to see Major General Seokjin and is told to wait on the bench by the door. Hoseok hates waiting, but he complies and sits down unrefined despite his own rank in the military. Fuck social standards. The brunet yawns on his third minute of waiting before he's finally allowed back to see Seokjin. When he finally pushes open the door to the man’s office, his face lights up and he brings the man into a bear hug, patting him on the back heartily a few times before pulling back. “Jin!” Hoseok greets with a grin. “Good to see you again.” “It’s been too many years, Hoseok,” Seokjin smiles back at the other before gesturing to the seat at his desk. Both men sits down before Seokjin goes back into General mode and the atmosphere in the room changed. “I’m taking you off the case.” Hoseok’s eyes widen like saucers even though he already anticipated this, as he leans forward in his chair, his elbows on his knees. “You can’t do that! I told you, Yoongi will get suspicious and then we’ll never have a chance at catching RM.” “You’ve gotten too close to him!” Seokjin shouts, slamming his hand on his desk. “You’re going to blow your cover and ruin it for everyone!” “Yoongi is different, Sir!” Hoseok insists. “He isn’t meant to be in a gang! He just got jostled in at a young age and he’s never had a reason to get out of it! I’m trying to help someone!” “At what cost, though, Hoseok?” Seokjin questions. “You think he’ll just give up his life willy-nilly for some guy who’s been lying to him? Someone who’s using him?!” “I’m not using him!” Hoseok stands abruptly, the chair behind him falling to the ground creating a loud clatter causing the people in the hallway to look into the room with curious eyes. Hoseok lowers his gaze abashedly, wiping his mouth before he grabs the chair and rights it, sitting back down. “Sorry. But you know I’d never stoop so low.” Seokjin sighs, rubbing his temples. “Look at it how he would, Hoseok. He’d see it as you using him. There’s no way around it.” Hoseok chaffs his hands, looking around the room before his gaze lands on Seokjin determinedly. “I have to try.” “You have one more week before I’m pulling you,” Seokjin reluctantly says, turning in his chair. Hoseok stands up and salutes. “Thank you, Sir.” “Dismissed.” *** Yoongi had collected his things from Namjoon’s house and moves them to Jungkook’s, being eternally grateful to the man for putting him up until he can find a place of his own. He's looking, too, all over the country. He isn’t sure that staying in the gang is something he wanted to do, but that meant he would have to move somewhere away from Mono. He doesn't particularly feel like dying and Namjoon isn’t a very forgiving man. In his troubled time, however, the one bright light that he'd found he had to keep a distance from. The raven haired has started taking a new route to his work, too, just to get away from Hoseok. It isn’t like he wants to because damn, that man is fine and he'll be lying to himself if he says he doesn't like him—but it's dangerous. If Namjoon knows about it, he will kill Hoseok and that's something Yoongi doesn't want to happen. So even though he doesn't like to, he keeps himself away from the man and keeps him at a distance. He hasn’t even been going on scouting missions for a while. Not to mention Taehyung comes to him a night a few weeks ago in utter hysteria. Yoongi isn’t exactly sure what he had been trying to tell him that night, but Taehyung hasn’t given up. “I’m telling you,” Taehyung starts, exasperated. “Hope is using you.” Yoongi gives Taehyung a bored look, setting down the orange juice he's been pouring. “Like I didn’t know that. Having sex with the rival gang’s leader has that perk.” Taehyung hurls his hands into his hair, throwing his head back with a deep groan. “No! I mean, there’s something he’s keeping from you! Probably from his entire group! And whatever his plan is, it involves you!” Yoongi takes a few swigs of his orange juice and licks his lips before replying. “Alright, wise-guy,” he starts, turning his body toward the other. “What exactly does he have planned?” Taehyung leans over the counter, brushing his bangs off his forehead. “He just said that he needs you on his side or else his entire plan is out the door. Like you’re smart enough to catch onto whatever he’s doing and you’ll be able to stop it.” “You think he’s buttering me up so I’ll comply?" “I don’t think, I know,” Taehyung retorts. “He said something about being taken away from ‘this’,” he says, using air quotes. “And if he was taken, you’d think it was suspicious and try to find out what happened.” “Well, if a large mob boss suddenly disappears, what else do you think we’re gonna do?” Yoongi inquires, raising his eyebrows at Taehyung. Taehyung deadpans. “What about Rabbit?” That strikes him low and Yoongi grits his teeth. “Namjoon kept that from me. From all of us. He knew about it the entire time and said nothing.” Taehyung furrows his eyebrows. “You don’t think that’s a bit suspicious?” “Of course it is!” Yoongi agrees, slamming his cup on the counter. “But he’s a crime boss and we’re in his gang. What the hell are we gonna do about it?!” Taehyung blinks a couple of times. “Witness protection?” Yoongi’s shoulders slump. “You think the cops can help? The cops that we pay off to look the other way?” “Oh, right,” Taehyung scratches the side of his jaw, a bit ashamed. Yoongi runs his hand over his face before he grabs his coat. “Let’s go.” Taehyung does a double take on Yoongi before he's hastily following. “Where are we going!?” “To find out the truth." *** They have to walk to the Hangsang's main hiding spot, but it only takes fifteen minutes. The entire time, Taehyung is trying to get Yoongi to turn around; telling him it's a bad idea and they're just going to get themselves hurt or worse. “He’s not going to let anything happen to me,” Yoongi reassures. “How can you be so sure?” Yoongi’s step slowed as he ponders. How did he know that? “It’s just the way he seems obsessed with me. Maybe that’s the wrong word. I dunno, fuck, man. Fuck, I sounded narcissistic,,” Yoongi cards his fingers through his hair. “He generally seems interested in me.” “You’re falling for him,” Taehyung states with a hint of wonder. Yoongi responds with a sigh and a shake of his head, dropping the conversation. If he doesn't admit it, it won't be as hard to pull himself away later. When he steps into the hangout, coming face to face with the man he'd been avoiding for the better part of two weeks, he just about eat his words. Hoseok seems excited to see him until he takes in Taehyung’s profile and then his expression is tight and calculating, a question hanging in the air. “Yoongi,” Hoseok greets, handing whatever he's been doing to Jimin. “Hope,” Yoongi replies. Even if Hoseok had told him to use his real name, it doesn’t seem proper in this setting. Hoseok steps forward tentatively, his hands by his side and palms facing forward. “What’s going on?" he casually asks. “Here to straighten something out,” the raven haired replies, blinking slowly as he looks to the ground and then backs up at Hoseok again. “What plan are you hiding?” Hoseok tilts his head, his face twisting into confusion. “I don’t know what you mean,” he answers. “Are you talking about rerouting my guns? Because that’s the only plan—“ “Stop fucking around,” Yoongi yells, startling the few others that were around. “Taehyung overheard you a few weeks back. Now tell me what you have planned,” the raven haired reaches behind him and pulls out a glock from his pants, clicking the safety off. “Or I shoot. And I know you can’t ninja your way from a bullet.” Taehyung audibly gasps at his side while Hoseok’s eyes widen in surprise and anxiousness. “Yoongi, put the gun down,” the brunet tip-toes closer, his hands now extended out in front of him. “No one needs to get shot.” Yoongi cocks the gun and points it back at Hoseok. “No one’s gonna get shot if you just tell me what you’re planning to do with me.” Hoseok stops walking forward, his palms still up in surrender. “I’m not planning anything with you,” his eyes widen impossibly further and he shakes his head quickly. “Fuck, I mean—“ Yoongi fires a round at Hoseok’s feet and the man barely blinks an eye. Yoongi narrows his own crystal orbs, cocking the gun once again. “Stop bullshitting.” “I’m not bullshitting you, Yoongi,” Hoseok replies, his jaw clenching. “I want to tell you everything, but I can’t exactly do that with a gun pointed at my head.” "Another head, you mean. It’s actually pointed at your dick,” Yoongi clarifies. “Better than a bullet to your skull, I think.” “Yoongi, please." “No!” the raven haired yells, the gun shaking in his hand as his body lurches. “I’m tired of people keeping shit from me! I’m tired of being the last person to know everything! I’m tired of being used and feeling like I’m worthless and nothing more than a good fuck!” Hoseok takes a few steps closer to Yoongi cautiously his expression softening to empathy. “Do you remember the times when you told me about your life? And how I told you I'm gonna try to get you out of this? None of that were bullshit, Yoongi. Fuck. I want to help you.” Yoongi feels the tears slide down his face and he hiccups, turning his gaze to the bottom of the underpass before they roll back to look at Hoseok. “How can you help me?” he whimpers, his lips trembling. “You’re a mob boss. A crime lord! How the hell can you help me?!” “That’s what I want to talk about,” Hoseok stands just in front of Yoongi now, a few feet away. “I want to tell you everything. Just,” he lifts his hand to the raven haired’s, carefully placing it over his. “Lower the gun.” Yoongi lets his hand be controlled, feels his body give in and he bites back a sob, his body rocking with the motion. Taehyung is sympathetic next to him, lending a supportive hand. "What can you possibly tell me that can change my mind?” “Everything,” Hoseok smiles, looking down at Yoongi fondly. “So this is where you’ve been hiding!” Everyone’s attention is drawn to the roar of Namjoon’s voice, down a few paces with his entire gang behind him. A magnum rolled in his hand, a wicked smirk on his face as he paces closer. “What did you do to my Yoongi?” Yoongi instinctively steps in Namjoon’s line of sight in front of Hoseok, his hand on his glock tightening. “What are you doing here, Namjoon?” “Following my sugar,” Namjoon says in a coo. “I have to protect what’s mine.” “I’m not yours! I already told you that!” Yoongi yells back. “Stop denying us, Yoongi,” Namjoon pouts, stopping his stride thirty feet away. “You know you need me. You don’t need him. You're mine. Only mine. He’s bad news sugar!” Yoongi struggles with his anger, the gun in his hand shaking as his body trembles. “I don’t need you or him!” “Yoongi,” Hoseok starts, extending a hand toward the raven haired. “Fuck off!” Namjoon screams, raising his gun in pure rage, his face twisting in fury. “Keep your hands off what's mine!” “Namjoon, no!” Yoongi lifts his hand, but the sound of the shot still rings though the junction of the underpass. Yoongi hears a body fall behind him and he quickly turns to look behind him where Hoseok is once standing, now slumped on his side on the ground. Screaming, Yoongi raises his own gun as he shuts his eyes and fires twice at Namjoon, feeling no sense of exhilaration when both bullets hit his former lover somewhere in his body. Everything is a mess after that. Both the members of Mono and Hangsang scramble, running for the hills when sirens erupt through the air. The raven haired only turns his attention back to Hoseok after he's sure Namjoon is down for the count. Taehyung had abandoned his side, but he's sure he's somewhere protecting Jimin. Yoongi falls to his knees, his cheeks stained with tears once more as he takes in Hoseok’s crumpled form, blood oozing out of his wound, pooling around him. “Hoseok,” Yoongi mumbles, sobbing, his hands shaking in front of him in hesitance to actually touch the other. “Yoongi,” Hoseok reaches toward him and that's the breaking point. Yoongi brings Hoseok into his arms, resting the man’s back on his knees as he cradles Hoseok’s torso close to him, the brunet's blood tainting his clothes. “Don’t you dare,” Yoongi sobs, pressing a hand against the bullet wound that had hit in Hoseok’s near his chest. “Don’t you dare leave me after saying you were gonna tell me the truth.” “Everything I said,” Hoseok coughs, blood spitting from his mouth as he does so. “I mean it. I wanted to help you. Get you out of this life.” “Stop saying shit like you’re leaving,” Yoongi urges, shaking his head. “You’re not leaving!” “You’re still so young, Yoongi,” Hoseok’s voice is but an utterance now. “Don’t keep yourself in this waste of a life. Make … make something out of yourself.” A sob rips through Yoongi’s body and he jerks with it, clutching Hoseok tighter. “I—I will! I promise... just please. Please hold on.” “Good,” Hoseok nods weakly, his eyes closing. “If you’re offered a second chance,” he breathes slowly, opening his eyes and carefully lifting his hand to cup Yoongi’s cheek. “If you’re ever offered a second chance, take it.” “Only if you’re there with me!” Yoongi cries, pressing down harder on the bullet wound. Hoseok flinches at the pressure, his face twisting in pain. “You have to live for you, Yoongi,” he mutters. “Do … what makes you happy.” The hand at his jaw falls to the ground and Yoongi stops breathing, turning his eyes from the hand to Hoseok’s face, now relaxed and pain free. “Hoseok?!” Yoongi screams, shaking the man in his arms. “Hoseok!” *** Yoongi startles awake, a breathing mask placed over his face and white pristine walls surrounding him. Frenetic with the knowledge that Hoseok is not anywhere near him, Yoongi sits up in the bed he's placed on, ripping the mask off his face and the IV out of his arm. The heart monitor flat-lined as he takes the piece off his finger and stands on his wobbly legs. He needs to find Hoseok—needs to make sure he's alright. He stumbles out of his room, highly aware that he's in hospital shorts and a gown but giving no fucks as he makes his way down the hall until he finds a sign to guide him to the ICU. If Hoseok is out of surgery, that’s where he’ll be. Yoongi doesn't want to think of the morgue. Not yet. Yoongi is just about to the ICU hall when he hears hurried footsteps coming closer. He turns into a janitor’s closet and waits for them to pass before he ventures back out, looking both ways before going on. Police? Yoongi shakes his head. They look more like military guards. What in the flying fuck are they doing in the hospital? Yoongi mulls over the question for all of two minutes until he comes up to the ICU hall, seeing the same men standing in front of two others. The raven haired watches them switch out, the two men that had passed him now keeping watch on a room. Yoongi narrows his eyes and hides behind the door as the men that are once guarding the room walk by. Then like a light bulb, Yoongi remembers hat Hoseok had been in the military. But that doesn't explain why they're guarding his room—unless he had never left or they are going to arrest him. Yoongi has to know for sure and now with the addition of guards, getting into that room is going to be a lot more difficult. And it might not have even been Hoseok’s room. The raven haired sees his opportunity roll by him; a nurse with a cart of meals and passing doctors. He makes the nurse trip on his foot, and she in turn goes crashing into a few doctors. It gets the men’s attention, nodding to each other before they gallop over to lend a hand. Yoongi darts passed them, skipping into the room and shutting the door silently behind him. He doesn't have much time, he knows, but it's enough. Yoongi steadies himself with a breath before he turns around and walks further into the room to get a look at the face of the person in the bed. Like a flood, relief washes over Yoongi and his knees felt weak as he takes in Hoseok’s face, covered in a breathing mask and wrapped in a hospital blanket from shoulder to toe all except for his arms. Yoongi walks over, grasping Hoseok’s hand tightly in his own, bringing the man’s fingers to his mouth to kiss individually before he rests them on his forehead. “Hoseok.” The raven haired pulls down Hoseok’s bedding and finds the brunet's chest wrapped in gauze, blood and puss staining the fabric. He's hurt, but he's alive. The bullet must have just missed his heart. He's a lucky bastard. Yoongi smiles widely as silent tears come to his eyes. Yoongi doesn't realize he had lingered too long until the door to the room opened and the men from before come barreling in. “You’re not permitted to be here,” one of them says as the other comes over and grabs Yoongi by his forearm and hauls him up. “This is the one that was brought in with him,” the other says, struggling with his hold on Yoongi as the raven haired jerks and twists to get away. “Major General Kim Seokjin wants to see him as soon as he's awake,” the taller one nods, ushering them all out of the room. Yoongi doesn't want to leave; wants to be there when Hoseok wakes up. He, however, finds himself back in his room, cuffed to the damn cot and given a paper cup of water as he waits for the man in charge, or so he assumes. There are men outside of his own door, now, so even though he can pick his way out of the cuff, he wouldn’t be able to get passed the guards lest he wish to break his spine jumping from the window that was four stories up. It's only ten minutes later before the man in question arrived, bringing the men guarding Yoongi’s room in with him. “Min Yoongi.” “Yeah,” Yoongi quips before he straightens, his eyes opening just a bit wider as he looks up at the man hopefully. “How is Hoseok? How bad was the shot?” The man, with good looks that makes him seems to look like a prince, plump lips and broad shoulders, doesn't acknowledge the question, merely gestures for one of the men to tend to Yoongi. “You are under arrest. You have the right to remain silent. You have the right to an attorney. If you—“ “You’re arresting me?!” Yoongi shouts as he is jostled from the cot, the handcuff being unlocked and then secured around his other hand as his arms are placed behind his back. “Isn’t that in the cops’ jurisdiction?!” “Not when it comes to this,” the handsome man replies. “Now if you’ll calmly step out. We’ll get you some clothes and then a hot meal before you’re taken to your cell.” “Cell?!” Yoongi struggles against the guy pushing him out the door. “Hold on! Where’s your warrant?!” The raven haired isn’t given an answer as he's forced out the door and eventually out of the hospital, given a hat as the media flocks them. He is put in the back of an SUV, the two men and Major General accompanying him. “This has already gotten out of hand,” the handsome man says with an annoyed sigh, pressing his fingers against the bridge of his nose. “What the hell is ‘this’ exactly?!” Yoongi questions aloud, looking between each man. “As soon as we arrive at the Civi, I’ll explain everything. For now, keep your shorts on and sit tight,” the Major General supplies, turning to some files that are on the seat next to him. *** Yoongi feels like he had sit in the back of that SUV for far too long; his ass is beginning to feel numb and his arms ache from an extended amount of time being tied behind his back. They had stopped once at Jungkook’s house, getting some clothes for him before they continued their journey to the Civi. Whatever the hell that is. It turns out to be a military civilian building where the Major General and the two goons work. Yoongi is led into a secured bathroom, his hands being freed from the cuffs so he could dress himself. The window is barred, so he can't exactly escape, but he doesn't exactly want to. If the military is gonna be after him, it's better to just give up. The military is everywhere and has an unknown amount of resources to find him. The only way would be to flee the country and Yoongi doesn't know any language besides his mother tongue. He dresses in his clothes quickly, grabbing the gown and shorts as an afterthought before he exits the bathroom. The excess clothes are taken from him before he's led down a hallway and into an interrogation room. They leave him in the room alone and Yoongi guesses he is waiting for the good looking man from earlier. He glares at the double sided mirror before slouching down in the chair provided for him, resting his forehead on the table. His thoughts drift to Hoseok, laying in that hospital bed and he wonders how long he had been out; how long had it been since they are taken to the hospital? Yoongi only realizes he's dozing off when the door to the interrogation room slams open and he jolts from his spot, his forehead sticking to the metal table that undoubtedly will leave a red mark on his skin. He watches groggily as the handsome man strides to the other side of the table and sits down, appraising Yoongi before he throws down a stack of files that means little to the raven haired. “Is that supposed to intimidate me? Because it doesn’t,” Yoongi says dryly, leaning back in his chair. “This is all the work we’ve been doing for two years now,” the man supplies, opening a manila file and pulling out a few pieces of paper to spread along the table. Yoongi’s interest is piqued when he took in the picture of Rabbit and Namjoon on a couple of the papers. He leans forward and pulls the papers closer to him to inspect. The other man continues. “Rabbit, as you called him, or Second Lieutenant Kwon Do Hyeong, was murdered longer than six months ago.” “Rabbit is a military bastard?!” Yoongi asks shocked, forgetting to filter his mouth. The handsome man, Major General Kim Seokjin as his military uniform reads, gives Yoongi a distasteful look before continuing. “Yes, and he was murdered by your gang leader, RM.” Yoongi’s eyebrows furrowed. “Namjoon?” Seokjin nods. “We just didn’t have sufficient evidence to prove it.” “Why was Rabbit there in the first place?” Yoongi wonders, pointing to the picture of the man on the table. Seokjin's eye twitches. “He acquired a taste for the gang life. We didn’t realize it until it was too late.” Yoongi narrows his own eyes, turning his head a bit. “That’s the only reason? So I guess the drugs Namjoon got off the boats meant nothing to you guys?” Seokjin grumbles low in his throat, crossing his arms. “Hoseok was right. You aren't just a pretty face. You're smart.” “Doesn’t take a rocket scientist to fit pieces together." “That’s right,” Seokjin nods. “The drugs Namjoon contracted and supplied throughout the city were from Africa and it’s a lethal substance. Not only that, but it was being shipped overseas by pirates.” “Then shouldn’t this be the Coast Guards job? Not the Army’s?” Yoongi wonders, honestly curious. “It’s only the Coast Guard’s job if it’s on the water or the Coast,” Seokjin answers. “Once it became shored, it was our problem.” “So you sent Rabbit—Do Hyeong—in to get dirt on Namjoon and Namjoon must have caught on, which is why Do Hyeong is now dead,” Yoongi clarifies. “That sound about right?” “Exactly." “And when Do Hyeong went missing, you sent in Hoseok, if that is his real name, and he’s almost in the same spot as Do Hyeong,” Yoongi clicks his tongue and rubs his mouth with his palm, looking to the ceiling. “Don’t you guys learn your lesson?!” “That’s what Hoseok was trying to do by getting you on his side,” Seokjin explains, sighing and resting his elbows on the table in front of him. “You make it sound like it’s a bad thing,” Yoongi would have laughed in any other situation. “It was,” the handsome man gripes. “Getting close to you put Hoseok in the ICU. Getting close to you almost got him killed. Getting close to you almost blew our entire cover. Something we’ve put a lot of time into.” “And look at where all that work has gotten you!” Yoongi shouts, gesturing to the table full of papers. “Why are you even telling me this?!” “Hoseok woke up in the ambulance,” Seokjin mutters and it makes Yoongi quiet instantly. “He wanted you to have a second chance. Wouldn’t shut up about it.” “So what? You’re gonna offer me a deal if I can give you any information?” Yoongi feels the hair on the back of his neck rise. “Well, so sorry for you, but I don’t have anything. All I know is that Namjoon had lied to me when he told me he didn’t know Rabbit had gone missing. That’s it,” Yoongi slumps in his seat, waving his hand. “You’re better off asking V— asking Taehyung.” "Namjoon didn’t keep an office of any sort?” Yoongi squeezes his eyes shut, running his fingers over his brow. “Uhh, fuck,” he strains for the information. “He did keep one. Just off of Central. Taehyung or Jungkook can take you there.” “You’re not volunteering?” Seokjin asks with a hint of amusement. Yoongi visibly tenses, trying not to recall memories to the forefront of his mind. “I’d rather not go back there.” Seokjin eyes Yoongi carefully before he gathers the papers up neatly and exits the room, leaving the raven haired to wallow. So, from this, Yoongi could conclude that Hoseok was still in the military. What was his rank? Why did he want to be put on such a dangerous and idiotic mission? Yoongi tousles his hair indignantly before he slams his head against the metal of the table. This is so fucked up, but at least his questions are getting answers now. They just don't seem to be the ones he expected. Yoongi is given a room in the basement of the Civi for the first few days after his initial ‘arrest’. After that, he's moved to a military camp where he's able to meet up with Taehyung, Jungkook, Jimin and the curly brunet he doesn't know. Though, the man—Yuri—is in uniform, not actually a delinquent and in reality a very expert bomb technician. He stays there comfortably for a month before he is shoved into one of those black SUVs once again and driven back to the Civi. It is unplanned and rushed and Yoongi wishes to grab at his hair that had been gone since his arrival at the military base. He didn’t get a buzz cut thankfully, but it's shorter now. The waiting time isn’t that long, though, and Yoongi is almost grateful until his breath gets stolen at the sight of the man entering the room. Hoseok looks tired, but determined as he shuts the door to the room with his okay hand; the other being in a sling. Yoongi jumps out of his chair, his mouth slack as he tries to voice everything that's roaring through his mind until the easiest of emotions come to the forefront. Anger. “What the fuck are you doing here?” Yoongi takes in the medals and badges on the other’s uniform. “First lieutenant Jung? Or should I call you Hoseok?” Hoseok flinches, but he takes his seat across from Yoongi and waits for the raven haired to sit down before he begins. “I’m,” he clears his throat. “I’m doing my job.” “Your job?” Yoongi asks, his voice dripping with sarcasm. “Is it your job to get under my skin? To fuck me and make me believe you gave a damn about me? Huh? Is that your job, too?!” Hoseok lets out a frustrated sigh, turning around to the double sided mirror and waving a hand over his throat as if to say ‘cut’. Yoongi narrows his eyes at that. “No, that isn’t part of my job,” Hoseok replies honestly, looking up into Yoongi’s brown eyes. “But that doesn’t mean I didn’t give a damn about you.” “Then what did it mean? Because all I’m hearing is bullshit,” Yoongi crosses his arms. “What I said during those times is and always will be the truth, Yoongi,” Hoseok says, holding out his hand on the table with his palm up. “You shouldn’t have been involved in that gang. Shouldn’t have been involved with Namjoon and it fucking sucks that you were and now here we are.” “And what is the truth, Hoseok?” Yoongi finds himself muttering, his eyebrows furrowing on his forehead. “What’s the actual truth? Who are you?” Hoseok clears his throat again, looking away briefly before returning his gaze to Yoongi. “Like you said. First lieutenant of the Army.” Yoongi drops his head in his hands and drags them down his face as he looks back up. “So you’re nineteen and a First lieutenant? I’m supposed to believe that?” “Right, well,” Hoseok scratches the back of his neck. “My actual age is twenty two.” Yoongi throws his hands in the air dramatically. “Twenty two?! We're almost the same age? Jesus fucking christ?!.” “Yoongi, listen to me,” Hoseok urges, leaning forward. “You have two options right now.” “And they are?” Yoongi inquires, leaning his head in his hand with an elbow on the table. “Go to jail,” Yoongi pales at that. “Or join the Army.” Yoongi looks at Hoseok as if he'd grown two heads. “Join the Army?!” he yells. “Are you serious?!” “Completely. You actually didn't kill anybody and we know for a fact that you're just roped in this mess,” Hoseok nods. “Yoongi, we will grant you a felony waiver. This is your second chance. Don’t waste it.” “Just mine?!” Yoongi stands, placing a hand on the table while the other extends toward the door but his philosophical reach is beyond that. “And what about the other guys?! Taehyung and Jungkook and Jimin!? They're just kids!” Hoseok bobs his head, as if he expected the outburst. “They’ll all be given the same option, too. Yoongi, all you have to do is join the army for the probation period and then you can quit and make a life for yourself.” “How long is the probation period?” the raven haired wonders aloud. “Minimum of two years,” Hoseok enlightens. “And that’s a steal compared to a lifetime in prison.” “I dunno,” Yoongi shrugs, half joking. “Three meals a day, a roof and all the sex I could want. Sounds pretty tempting.” Hoseok narrows his eyes at the raven haired. “Yoongi, they rape in prison. They don’t have sex.” “I’m sure they’re more civilized than you give them credit for,” Yoongi argues. He takes a moment to mull it over, ultimately nodding his head. “Where do I sign up?” Yoongi misses that elated look on Hoseok’s face, that's for sure. *** In the end, he’d had to get a buzz cut, but in two years, he assured himself that he'd be able to grow it out and that thought alone gave him the strength to went on. He was passed through different offices and buildings alike, making his way into the service as a private of the Army, something he had never once dreamed of doing. The first year was devoted to physical training in a boot camp and Yoongi was just so ready to get it over with. It happened, however, that he was better than most of the other cadets. He assumed that life on the streets had done at least one good thing for him. It wasn’t long after that, too, that Yoongi found himself earning ranks. Yoongi was Private First Class within six months and his superior officers were astounded by his quick rise in ranks. Yoongi wasn't exactly sure how he felt about it all, but it's good training to his muscles and it was nice having decent meals every day. After the year had passed, Yoongi was sent overseas where he and a team were grouped for a small expedition. The mission lasted for three months and in that time, Yoongi’s superiors were happy to announce that his rank rose up once again, that time as Specialist. And that’s when shit really hit the fan. Yoongi was called to be second on missions, was asked his opinions on situations and ideas he had. At one point, Yoongi found Taehyung in the barracks on a mission and they caught up. Taehyung and Jimin were put into different squads, but they still wrote letters to each other. It's nice visiting with him, but the mood turned foul when Taehyung asked him about Hoseok. In all honesty, Yoongi hadn’t heard from him since that day in the Civi. After he was handed over to the military, Yoongi had caught not a word of the other; not even through the chain of command. But then again, that could have been due to the fact that Hoseok was stationed somewhere. After his brief visit with Taehyung, Yoongi didn’t hear from the rest of them at all; not having gotten Taehyung’s information to send him letters. After his two years of contracted service is up, Yoongi was allotted the title of Corporal and given a month to think his decision over if he wanted to stay in the army or if he wanted to be discharged. The raven haired ended up taking an apartment in his old city, albeit downtown from the Mono's area. The gang was now disbanded so was the Hangsang. From what he had heard, Namjoon had survived the bullets to his abdomen and was sent to prison for life. Yoongi was relieved from the news, since, after all, Namjoon was his ex-lover. He loved Namjoon at some point. But he still felt a bit tense in the city. It's a late day for Yoongi, one day in August as he is pouring himself some milk in a glass, having just made breakfast even though it's already early afternoon. He's going out with Taehyung and Jimin later on; surprised when Taehyung had phoned him a few days ago saying he and Jimin are in the area as well and wanted to catch up. Still no word from Jungkook, but Taehyung assured Yoongi that he decided to stay in the Army as a medic and Yoongi just snickered. It's good the boy had finally found his calling; he had always wanted to be a doctor after all. Yoongi had just sat down at his breakfast nook and turned on the tv when a knock comes from his door. Grumbling, Yoongi sets down his fork and pats over to the door. He throws it open, expecting to yell at the interruption of his breakfast when he's suddenly shoved back into his apartment and is crowded against the door, closing it with his body weight as his assailant moves him. Yoongi's about ready to lay down some of the moves he'd learned in his military training when he realizes they would probably do little against one Jung Hoseok. Yoongi’s eyes widen in surprise as he takes in the other’s appearance, the man now twenty four, with a curly mess of brunet hair atop his head; the same length it had been two years ago and he still looks handsome as ever. He doesn't change one bit, and it stings somewhere deep in Yoongi. He brings up his hand and Hoseok must have expected him to cup his jaw, but Yoongi clenches his fingers tight into a fist and socks him good against his cheek, knocking the man to the ground. “You fucking asshole!” Yoongi screams. “Two fucking years with no contact and you just expect me to welcome you with open arms?!” Despite the angry red mark marring his cheek, Hoseok is just grinning wildly, an overjoyed expression painted on his face. “Nice to see you, too, Yoongi.” Hoseok gets to his feet and Yoongi beats on his chest a few times in frustration. Hoseok lets him. “You fucking asshole. Just walk back into my life like nothing happened and I can’t even be mad for ten minutes.” “I must just be that awesome,” Hoseok grins confidently. “You’re lucky the military took all my artillery,” Yoongi biffs Hoseok’s shoulder, only then taking in the badges and buttons that upgraded and changed. “Colonel, huh?” Hoseok glances down at his badge and looks back up at Yoongi sheepishly. “Yeah, got a bit more under my belt now. But then again, so do you, Corporal.” Yoongi’s face flushes red as he looks away, moving from foot to foot as he crosses his arms. “So—“ Yoongi is cut off by Hoseok shoving him into the door once more, pressing his mouth against his urgently. Yoongi unwinds his arms to bring them around Hoseok’s neck and pulls him closer as the brunet's own arms circle around Yoongi’s hips, hoisting him up onto the door. Yoongi wraps his legs around Hoseok’s waist as they kiss, their breath hot, their tongues lapping wildly against each other and it's just so, so familiar. God, how he misses this; how he misses him. Yoongi breaks the kiss after a short while, resting his forehead on top of Hoseok’s, letting a satisfied grin takes his lips. “You know it’s illegal to date a superior officer,” Yoongi reprimands, flicking Hoseok’s ear. “Well, it’s a good thing you’re not in my squad then, pretty," Hoseok retorts with a smirk of his own before he kisses Yoongi blissfully again. 



Afterword


End Notes
I feel like the first half of this story is just a foreplay for the smut at the middle lol.


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



