



A dying wolf and a spark - Late_to_the_fandom - Teen Wolf TV
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

A dying wolf and a spark
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/20057083.
  


Rating:
General Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
Teen Wolf (TV)
Relationship:
sterek - Relationship, Derek Hale / Stiles Stilinski
Character:
Derek Hale, Stiles Stilinsky, Alan Deaton, Scott McCall, Liam Dunbar, Danny Mahealani, Allison Argent, Isaac Lahey, minor apperances of other characters
Additional Tags:
Slight torture, Derek's wolf is dying, Stiles has magic, War against villains (humans and weres alike)
Stats:

        Published: 2019-07-31
          Completed: 2020-05-26
          Chapters: 25/25
        Words: 26879
      

A dying wolf and a spark
by Late_to_the_fandom
Summary
The voices faded as they walked away from the barn, but he could still hear them as they congratulated each other on a job well done, on putting down the last Hale dog, the word dripping with utter disgust. There was scuffling on his left and he opened his eyes at the sound. One of the hunters had stayed behind and was smirking down at him. The man sneered and kicked him a few times, the toe of his boot bruising the muscle of his right thigh. “I hope you rot in hell you dirty mongrel,” he spat as he strode out.  He clenched his teeth, whimpering at the soreness spreading in his leg. His whole body ached, the excruciating pain crashing like waves against his consciousness and he fought the need to vomit. He really did not want to be sick knowing he would have to sit in the mess for god knows how many hours.
Notes
I've been writing this for months, taking some time to let it grow and simmer. I have a lot of chapters completed so I will post them once I've reread and tweaked everything.Let me know what you think as I got stuck around chapter 18....(I am on a 2 week vacation with little access to a computer. I will try to add chapters but might not be able to do so untill I go back to work....)




Chapter 1



The voices faded as they walked away from the barn, but he could still hear them as they congratulated each other on a job well done, on putting down the last Hale dog, the word dripping with utter disgust. There was scuffling on his left and he opened his eyes at the sound. One of the hunters had stayed behind and was smirking down at him. The man sneered and kicked him a few times, the toe of his boot bruising the muscle of his right thigh. “I hope you rot in hell you dirty mongrel,” he spat as he strode out.  He clenched his teeth, whimpering at the soreness spreading in his leg. His whole body ached, the excruciating pain crashing like waves against his consciousness and he fought the need to vomit. He really did not want to be sick knowing he would have to sit in the mess for god knows how many hours. The skin on his back was shredded into dozens of raw strips and he could feel his blood running down in rivulets, seeping into the waistband of his jeans and pooling on the concrete floor under his butt. The bastards had used a wolfsbane infused blade to ensure he would not heal. He was pretty sure that magic had also been involved since he could feel that something was slowly burrowing deeper in his flesh and muscles. The idea was probably to have him go mad with whatever it was until it ultimately reached his brain or heart and killed him.  -o-o- He eventually tried to move, wanting to ease the ache in his legs. How long had he been kneeling like this? A day?  Two? More?He didn’t remember, and it really didn’t matter anyway.His whole body was throbbing as though he had been dragged on the streets by a horse. He snorted at the images from old western movies that flashed in his mind.With his arms shackled around the post, he used his left shoulder to brace his body on the wood, the muscles in his legs straining against his weight as he tried to stand.  He was halfway up when his right leg buckled, gravity yanking him back down on his ass. The impact jarred his bones and the sticky wet sound the blood made when he plopped in it had him swallowing bile and a wave of nausea. Oblivion was pulling at him, and he wanted to welcome the blackness that was slowly seeping into his body, into his soul. He fought with what remained of his strength to stay alert. There was something that he needed to do, something important. If only he could remember what it was. Reality was blurring around the edges and dread bubbled up inside him. The need to release the anguish was too overwhelming and consuming his wolf, so he let go and roared, giving voice to the desperation that was slowly eating through him. His body was racked with sobs as he cried, the pain racing in his veins and along his nerves. He cried for all he would leave behind. He cried because he was not ready to go but he no longer had something to stay for, to keep him here. Nothing remained to fight for.A He closed his eyes and images of his life flitted through his mind. Snapshots of his family and his friends played like the movie of his existence.Painful images of Laura; sweet, hard headed, beautiful Laura.  She had saved his soul, had given him everything without ever asking for something in return.  She loved him and that was what kept him from losing his mind.Everything poured out in a torrent of screams and wails, in howls of anger and hopelessness, until there was nothing left in him to expel, nothing but for him to embrace oblivion and fall into unconsciousness.



Chapter 2



He woke slowly and shivering, the sweat and blood having cooled over his heated skin. His head was pounding, and his shoulders were stiff as he tried to roll them and bring a bit of feeling back into his fingers. He had no way of marking time, so he didn’t know how long he’d been under but, as his head cleared, he was submerged by new found resolve. He did not want to die here, alone and chained to a post like the animal they had called him. He would fight with all he had left in him because he now remembered what was left for him to do. He was getting out of this, somehow, because he had made a promise to his sister that he would find a way to be happy. Breathing deep, painful breaths, he managed to sit straighter, wincing when muscles moved under the raw skin of his back. He tried again to break the handcuffs encircling his wrists, pulling with all the strength he could muster, to no avail. The hunters had apparently found a new way to restrain werewolves. Fear and distress smothered him for a moment, but he swallowed thickly and concentrated on his heart beat, trying to calm himself. A memory flittered briefly in his mind, a comment made by his mother during a training session that had taken place more than a decade ago. She had mentioned that close-knit pack members could communicate with each other through a mental link created by the bond tying them to each other. He had scoffed at the idea, thinking it silly that she had believed in such a thing when everybody he knew used cell phones. In that moment he wondered if perhaps she’d known a thing or two about the supernatural possibilities that were now normal and widely accepted.        Having nothing to lose he centered himself, opened his mind and thought of his friends, of the people that might be looking for him. He searched for something, not knowing what it would look like but hoping that it was out there, whatever it was, and that he would recognize it. He imagined the bond that tied him to these people, the ones who cared for him despite everything. He envisioned it would look like threads, this thing binding them. Eventually he felt a whisper, a light, tentative contact and hope washed over him. He touched many strands in the following minutes, most were too wispy and weak for him grab and use to communicate. He did not want to fall into despair, but it was inching closer to the surface as he continued to tentatively send out feelers, hoping one would be strong enough to link with. -o-o- Time passed slowly, the light changing as the day waned and the temperature cooled with the setting sun. Gone was the stifling heat, replaced by the sweet evening air of early summer. The more he had pushed the more connections he was able to touch upon, but most were too fragile.  He needed someone with certain capacities, someone with similar paranormal abilities as his own to be able to withstand the link that would be created by the bond. Frustration was escalating, dragging his spirit down. Carelessness was becoming a problem as his anxiety level increased, making him flitter and skip rapidly from one thread to another. He Suddenly recoiled in shock and disgust, skin clamming up and dread settling in the pit of his stomach. He sent a tendril, so light as to be practically undetectable, and he connected with the individual again. It was a forceful and highly disturbed mind and he instantly drew back. The patterns were vile, darkly erratic and had a spider web like quality that ensnared and trapped you in. With morbid fascination he tried again, creating a filament as fine as silk, weaving it to blend with the others, becoming imperceptible so he could get a sense of the owner’s mental state. He apprehended what he would uncover but information was power, and he needed all the power he could find to get out of this particularly messy situation. There was a sudden rushing sound in his ears as blood pounded in his veins. His vision blurred, his stomach churned and rolled at the viciousness that festered in the depravity. It wasn’t surprising that he recognized a hunter’s mind, the same type that had him flayed like a dead carcass. There were many different layers to the sickness pooling in that brain and many people were attached to its foulness, humans and hunters alike, who took pleasure in the chase and the kill, who believed that Shifters and Weres were abominations and should be taken down. Bile gathered in his mouth, forcing him to release his grasp on the thread before someone felt him prodding and figured out he hadn’t died yet.That would certainly result in bringing them back running to finish him off. He let the post carry his weight as he slumped forward in hopeless defeat. Head hanging, and legs splayed, he sat, wallowing in misery. He was beyond exhausted; the tiredness had become a constant and heavy weight from which he could not separate. His healing was unable to keep up with the demands of his injured body, the constant pulling was draining what little energy he had left. The band around his heart kept tightening, constricting as he resigned himself to his upcoming fate. His eyelids drooped as consciousness receded again, slowly replaced with the nothingness that accompanied blacking out. -o-o- Unbeknown to him, he had been heard.His friends were frantically searching for him and one of them had contacted a neighboring pack, asking for help in tracking the missing Alpha. They learned about the mind link and had been scrambling for days, trying to get in contact with him. They eventually found him and were on their way. Only, they hoped to make it before it was too late



Chapter 3



The car made its way slowly along the dirt road, the wheels kicking up dust and the beams of the headlights cutting through the darkness to ghost over the surrounding shrubbery. The driver stopped in front of an old barn and turned the engine off. The sudden quietness was deafening but it was soon replaced with muffled sounds when all four doors opened simultaneously, the occupants spilling out into the cool night air.    They looked at each other, hesitating and unsure. They had driven most of the night to get here, navigating almost blindly but following the gut feeling that urged them to this particular lot of deserted land. Liam broke the silence, addressing his Alpha in hushed tones, “Scott, are you sure this is it?” They locked eyes over the roof of the car, searching for a hint that something was amiss but they both knew this was the right place. Scott nodded and closed his door softly. “Yeah, it is. Don’t you feel the pull? “He bobbed his head silently as they moved towards the trunk of the car. Something imbued with magic had happened here and it made their wolves uneasy. They bristled as they set to work, picking out gear and weapons, preparing to enter the dilapidated building. Advancing cautiously, they opened their senses and listened for anything out of place. The only sound that didn’t belong to the surrounding nature was a lone, slow heartbeat. Danny unlatched and pulled the barn door warily, expecting something to come flying out at them, giggling nervously when nothing did. Scott and Liam entered first, keeping the two humans behind them as they carefully shuffled in, their eyes adjusting in the darkness. Allison and Danny turned their flashlights on, the beams searching through the vast space. The young Alpha growled deeply in his chest, closely followed by Liam. The humans stopped moving, waiting for instructions. The youngest werewolf broke the silence when he noticed their action. “There’s blood, a lot of it if the stench is any indication.” Allison’s light swept the floor gradually until it hit a weird mass at the base of a post. The image took a few seconds to register but it had her running the moment it became clear. The mass was a body.They had found Derek. Scott and Liam got to him first and started pulling his pain. He was barely alive, his breaths shallow and heartbeat dangerously low. He was still losing blood, but the smell was the biggest indication that something was very wrong. It smelled peculiar, acrid, the overlay of magic and death pungent. Allison inspected the handcuffs around his wrists and knew they would not be able to simply break them off. Working as fast as she could she picked the lock and the boys grabbed his unconscious body before he hit the floor. Danny ran out and drove the car inside, as close as he could so they didn’t have to carry Derek too far. They bundled him in blankets and got him in the back seat, the wolves wrapping themselves around their friend, providing pack comfort and leaching as much pain as they were able to endure.    Allison grabbed her phone and made a few crucial calls. The first one was a conference with her father and Sheriff Parrish. The shit that had gone down tonight was illegal under the new Protection Act for Supernaturals and they sure as hell needed to get someone on the case ASAP before any remaining clues faded and dispersed. The second call was made to Lydia and Jackson. The banshee was an ace researcher and they needed to know why Derek wasn’t showing any capability in healing himself. That was the most worrisome aspect of the whole ordeal. There should be scabs where his skin had been sliced open, but they were still steadily seeping blood and it was freaking her out.    The third call she made was to Dr. Deaton. They needed his medical expertise and his druidic knowledge like nobody’s business and he’d hopefully have a few answers by the time they got there. They had a short, rapid fire discussion then she settled in her seat, phone clutched in her hand as she clasped Danny’s hand in anxiety. He glanced over at her, concern evident on his face and the message in his eyes was clear: he hoped they’d make it back to Beacon Hills in time. -o-o- The trip back had been faster than they could ever have expected. The Sheriff had enlisted the help of any precincts that would be on their route, ensuring they had a police escort for the duration of their drive. It had been oddly exhilarating to be able to drive at high speeds with police sirens blaring. The hope that had bloomed along the giddiness was a welcome feeling after the dread they had been subjected to. They parked the car in front of the clinic barely three hours after finding Derek. Dr. Deaton was waiting for them, a stretcher at his side. They got him out of the car and wheeled him in, Deaton barking orders at his assistants and directing them to the waiting room. Scott and Liam went searching for scrubs they could borrow to replace their blood-soaked clothes then they settled in for the long wait, not wanting to leave in case Derek took a turn for the worst.  Sleep claimed Danny first and he slumped in his seat, head against the wall and legs splayed in front of him. Allison’s father showed up a short while later and sat talking quietly with his daughter. He was taking notes and sending emails, coordinating with all law enforcement units he could think of. Scott kept pacing up and down the hallway, his wolf too riled up by the stress on the pack bond and Liam kept glancing nervously his way. He eventually stopped and sat beside him, hand squeezing his neck as his thumb stroked the soft skin in reassurance. Liam let his head drop to his Alpha’s shoulder and closed his eyes. A few deep breaths later he was out for the count. It was mid-morning by the time Deaton exited the examination room and woke them up. Scott stood up in a jerk, eyes bleary but alert. “How is he?” The man offered a comforting smile and stretched a bit. “He’s stable but he lost a lot of blood. I was able to counteract the spell that was stopping his healing but there was a lot of wolfsbane coursing in his body. We transfused a few units of O negative so that should speed his recovery, but he needs to be kept under for a few days. His body needs to rest.” Scott ran a hand over his face, the breath he was holding exhaled in a rush. “Good. That’s good.” He turned to find that the others had joined him, and they were all wearing the same relieved expression.  The doctor informed them on what to expect of the next few days as Derek would stay in examination until he showed improvement.  They decided on keeping watch over him on rotation with Scott taking the first shift. With Derek under medical supervision, everyone went home for a much-needed shower and a few hours of rest.The real work would start soon enough.



Chapter 4




A few months later
 
 
Derek startled awake in a cold sweat, the sheets tangled around his legs and his t-shirt plastered to his chest. He kicked himself free and dropped his feet to the floor, running his hands in his hair and breathing raggedly. The damn nightmares were getting odder and this last one topped them all. There had been a lot of broken images of what looked like witches casting spells and creatures maimed and bleeding profusely, bright flashes of light and dead silences, and he felt as though he was reaching through dimensions for something, trying to pull it through to himself. He obviously was getting worse, growing bleaker and inching closer to depression. He felt as though he would never get rid of the dreams and feared they would push him to a point where he’d do something irreparable. He had voiced his concerns to Dr. Deaton when the dreams had started, and he’d gotten a referral with a psychologist that treated Supernaturals. The sessions with the specialist helped but there was a lingering undercurrent that was still untouched, and he could not shake the darkness that was seeping into his soul.  Something was askew with his wolf and he had no clue how to fix it. It was scary and unsettling, and he sometimes wished he could speak with his mother. She would have known exactly what to do. The shrink had theories of course, but nothing tangible or helpful.  It was clearly related to his abduction and torture, he knew that much, but there was something else and whatever that was, it was growing. He shook himself and got up, pulling off his damp clothes as he made his way to the bathroom. There was no way he’d get back to sleep now so he might as well start the day.  He found himself standing barefoot in his kitchen a few minutes later, waiting for the first cup of coffee to finish brewing. Deaton had called him the day before about a book he’d found on wolf lore and myths. The man was expecting him to help with research and they’d scheduled a meeting for mid-morning. He checked the time and calculated he could run a few errands before he had to be at the clinic.



Chapter 5




Simultaneously, somewhere in South America
  The southern hemisphere sun was at its peak over their heads, its rays scorching the land and desiccating the vegetation. The heat was unbearably suffocating, creating dancing mirages over hot surfaces, the images blurry in undulating waves. Life had slowed to a crawl, almost to a complete stop and it made the wait so much more intolerable. He wiped his face to clear the drops of sweat running down his nose, the bandana he had tied to his head so saturated he had to wring out the excess moisture from it. The meager shade provided by the trees and shrubs helped but did not alleviate the pressing weight of the heat.      Moving his arm slowly he checked his watch for the umpteenth time. Six hours and forty-nine minutes in the surveillance and there had been no signs of movement. No noise. No smell. Nothing. He dropped his shield and released his magic, sending it out like imaginary feelers, testing the area around the building. He was met with no resistance which confirmed, again, that there was no cloaking or wards up as protection. Something was off, he could sense the wrongness of it, but they had to stay put until the report came back from the recon team. They’d been on this case for too long to just let impatience take over and ruin their efforts.The complete immobility while lying flat on his stomach was slowly taking its toll on his muscles. The lower half of his body was numbed, his legs crawling with millions of non-existent ants. He forced a bit of healing on himself, just enough to relax his limbs, and he sighed at the respite it provided. He then extended the relief to his team, letting it cover them like a wave.Turning his head as little as possible he inspected their environment. On his right, Ethan was in a trance, as usual. Eyes focused and breathing controlled, he was the best sniper they ever had but his utter intensity was unnerving at times. He wondered if the man ever blinked.With a GPS phone almost grafted to his ear and a devil may care attitude that hid a cunning mind and an ability for languages that made him invaluable in missions in foreign countries, Isaac was their tech guy. He was hidden under a thicket of local flora, using one of his doodads to relay information to the base. He was literally captivated with his new toy and it was easy to think he was so engrossed that he was unaware of his surroundings. That would be a deadly assumption as his werewolf senses made him the sharpest of their squad.Stifling a laugh, he rapidly scanned the area around them and settled his gaze on the last member.  Boyd, aka Bear, was, as the nickname suggested, a mountain of a man. At six and a half feet tall and over three hundred pounds of muscles, he was truly as big as a grizzly. He was the muscles but had an I.Q. of over 160, was sly as the proverbial fox and could be a mean SOB when pushed too far. He had the stupidest sense of humor and he could keep his cool under pressure. Stiles had seen him break bones without even flinching on more than one occasion.They were a great team, a well-oiled machine that worked by complementing each other’s forces and through the bond of trust and friendship that tied them together. They were known as the elite Alpha team and they had been making waves since the military had created the Supernatural Counter Attack and Defense, or SCAD, in the aftermath of the brutal attacks that decimated both supernatural and human populations on the west coast.He had discovered he was a Spark quite by accident. He had been threatened by a Kanima that wanted to eviscerate him and had lashed out in fear, throwing up a shield between himself and the beast, resulting in the monster being fried at the contact of the energy field he had put up. It was as though a switch had been flipped on and the magic had run rampant through his body to finally die after three days. It had left him physically depleted but had charged him emotionally. He had been overwhelmingly scared and empowered and, armed with a new-found resolve, he had gone on a quest to educate and train himself. He had met and befriended Dr. Deaton, the local vet and druid. He had proved to be a great ally and had helped him learn about his new powers and how to control them. They had formed a bond that had helped him through his grief and had forged him into what he had become.Faced with the loss of his father and numerous friends and neighbors, the decision to enlist and fight these heinous crimes had been a no brainer. He had sold his family home, packed his meager belongings and, at barely twenty, he’d marched into the nearest military base where it was discovered that his magic was so pure and powerful that he had been able to complete his training in a little over two years. The fact that most other mages completed theirs in at least ten was not lost on the commanding officers. They had tried to break him and mold him, but he had made it clear that he would fight against the monsters, but he would not be treated as a soldier as he did not belong to them and they had no hold over him.He knew that mages as powerful as him were rare and, because he was the only one currently in service in North America, he had the upper hand in deciding how he wanted to run his life. The weight of the responsibilities rested on his shoulders alone, but he had great privileges bestowed upon him due to this status. He never abused it, but he took no bullshit from them and had made it clear he would walk out and never look back if they decided to test and pressure him. He was no longer volatile, but he had no qualms about abandoning everything to save his sanity.He was brought out of his reminiscing by a crackling in his ear and he listened in on the exchange of information between Isaac and the Command Center. The rodent shape-shifter they had sent in had confirmed that the witches were indeed in the run-down warehouse at the bottom of the hill. There had been no resistance going in which meant there was no cloaking on the structure itself but there was definitely something going on underground. He had felt a form of energy emanating from underneath the building, a kind of pulsing that had raised the hair on his body and had his skin tingling with unease.The radio hissed again, the recon team’s operator subvocalizing new instructions, “Stilinski, continue standby, we’re looking into obtaining blueprints of the warehouse”. They needed to figure out how to access the basement, but they were not going in blind. He could hear the others breathe as they moved in position, guns loaded and ready to storm in. The tension was growing thickly around them as he cast a protection spell and cloaked them, rendering them invisible and undetectable.  Isaac suddenly looked up from one of his gadgets, raising a hand in the signal that meant they could close in. They rapidly made their way down towards the entry on the eastern side and met up with team Beta.  He extended his shield to encompass the 5-man team before entering the dimly lit warehouse. The energy inside was thrumming darkly, rolling over his senses uncomfortably. He’d encountered this unpleasant magic before and he unconsciously shuddered in revulsion. The memory was quickly pushed aside as they silently made their way towards the back wall and the only closed door he could see. The leader of the other team drew his fist up, nodded to him in confirmation and issued a countdown, ushering them single file down the unstable, rusty metal stairs.The sublevel was awash in a sickly greenish glow. The power was emanating from a shifter writhing in pain, restrained in a circle of mountain ash in the middle of the floor.  He flicked his wrist and dropped the shield from his team as a wisp of air dispersed the powdery substance, effectively breaking the barrier and releasing the shifter from the enchantment. All hell broke loose the second the witches realized he was free, the whole room erupting in simultaneous movement, both sides attacking the other in a supernatural frenzy.Stiles was concentrating on casting spells and restraining incantation when he experienced a deep, sudden ache in his spine, searing like an electric shock along his nerve endings. He felt as though he was being pulled through himself to be turned inside out, the sensation completely destabilizing, and he soon found himself being deconstructed as every cell in his body separated from the others. It happened so fast he barely had the time to react as he hurtled through dimensions. Everything came to a screeching halt half a heart beat later and he blinked in the muted light of an unknown room as his body righted itself. Panic bubbled in his guts and his primal reaction was to yank on the tether he sensed was attached to his soul. He visualized himself pulling on the thread and stumbled straight back into his body and in the middle of the ongoing battle. He shook himself, settling his senses and blasted a flood of magic, instantly incapacitating the coven and putting an end to the conflict. The room shook then settled in a cloud of dust, the sudden and deafening silence lasting only a few seconds, then there was an eruption of movement as the back-up crew barged in to clean up the mess and secure the witches and both Alpha and Beta teams retreated to the sidelines and let them work.      



Chapter 6



Headquarters were a flurry of activity with the return of all teams and support personnel. The detainees had to be questioned and processed, equipment had to be cleaned and ammunitions replenished. Every member that had engaged in the assault had to report for debriefing which had stretched over two hours, an eternity in which Stiles had been uncommonly distracted and had found his mind wandering over the odd situation that had happened to him. The minute the convocation had adjourned he’d escaped to his room, packed his bags and taken an extended leave of absence.Alpha team was officially off for the next month anyway so he just advised them he would be unreachable for most of those thirty days, maybe more. He’d let them know of any change of plans if and or when it became necessary. He got into his car and drove out of the base without looking back, heading north, back to Beacon Hills and his mentor Dr. Deaton.    -o-o-Stiles crossed the county lines in the early evening after a two days trip in which he’d only stopped for the basics of food, sleep and relieving his bladder. He lowered the windows to replace the stale air-conditioning odor and he felt something settle in himself as he turned down the boulevard towards the small hotel. Luckily, they had vacancies, so he booked himself in for a few weeks then trudged up to his room, dropped his bags on the bed and did a cursory inspection of the place. He knew this establishment was clean, but he still did a cleansing to rid the space of anything lingering or microscopic creepy-crawlies. He’d found out the hard way that he couldn’t sleep if an area was contaminated by negative energy and he no longer took chances.He grinned as he unleashed his magic, the current zinged along his skin and wrapped around the walls then burst in a pop of white fireworks, the smell of clean linens permeating the room. He was amazed that these small things still brought him joy and he smiled as he unpacked a few of his things.  He was bone tired, so he undressed quickly, fell into bed and was asleep before his head hit the pillow. The blaring of an alarm startled him awake and he cracked an eye open only to squint it shut against the bright early morning light. He’d forgotten to close the black-out curtains again. He flapped a hand on the nightstand until he found his phone then thumbed the offensive noise off with a heartfelt groan. It was way too early for this shit. He burrowed in the covers, disgruntled and a bit disoriented, dragging the bedding over his head and tried to get back to sleep. He lolled for a while in the space between sleep and wakefulness until the hotel slowly buzzed to life. He flipped on his back and starfished a bit longer, listening to the comings and goings of the housekeeping staff and patrons. The warmth of his bedding cocoon had him relaxed, the stress of the last few days replaced by a weightlessness he hadn’t felt in the last three months, if not more.He finally gave up trying to sleep and stood, stretching the kinks from laying in a strange bed. He padded to the coffee machine, prepared a cup and went to take a shower while it brewed. He stood under the warm spray and washed the grime of the previous day off his skin. He was rinsing his hair when he felt a tingling at the base of his spine. The sensation spread, scurrying along his limbs and he locked his knees against the pulling in his chest while he opened his mind and fell through himself, the feeling of being turned inside out somewhat familiar and dizzyingly disturbing. He was not prepared for any of it, but he let go, just enough to see where it would take him. This second occurrence was slightly different than the first as he was not scared. His mind was not concentrating on other tasks and he was able to take stock of all details that could help him identify what the hell was going on.He found himself in a dimly lit and sparsely furnished room. Scanning his surroundings rapidly he noticed a bed in the center and a dresser to the side but nothing else. He whipped his head around at the sound of rustling fabric. Something, no, someone moved on the bed, the sluggish movements indicated the person was shifting in sleep. He held his breath and took a step back, hands cupping his manly parts, he was dripping wet and naked after all, and stared at the individual. He could see the angle of a bent elbow and the curve of the shoulder it was attached to, then further up was the scruff of a beard and a mess of dark hair.He was perplexed, not yet understanding how or why he got here. The man shifted again, and he had a moment of panic, not sure what would happen if he woke up to a nude stranger staring creepily at him. He closed his eyes, pictured the hotel room and just thrust his core at it. He had no clue how this shit worked but it did. His body was deconstructed once more, and in the blink of an eye he found himself back in his skin standing beside the bed. The whole thing had taken two minutes, maybe three, tops.“Uh… that was… interesting,” he mumbled to himself. The shower was still running so he went to turn it off and glanced at his reflection. He looked and felt normal. There had been a slight twinge of physical discomfort but nothing worse than the crap his magic sometimes threw at him. Which had him questioning everything about the whole ordeal. He dressed quickly then drew out his notebook to jot a few details down in case these escapades eventually yielded some type of patterns. He also noted what he could remember of the first incident in as much details as possible while keeping any restricted information out of it. Once completed he dropped the notebook on the bed, picked up his keys and, with a few murmured words, warded the room before leaving to grab breakfast. Better safe than sorry was his motto, even if you could do some serious witchcraft.   



Chapter 7



The book Deaton had lent him was surprising, to say the least.  He’d questioned the veracity of it but upon closer inspection it had proven to be quite the treasure trove. The fact that it had been written by werewolves made it that more accurate and reliable. Over the years there had been numerous publications that proclaimed to be “THE” reference for information on Weres but were in fact total loads of crap. He had become wary and distrustful of any popular works that popped up but this one was the complete opposite. It was passed down in one single pack, from one Alpha to another over many generations, each new owner adding information to it as needed. Unfortunately, the good Doctor had inherited it when the last owner and his pack were killed. He had entrusted him with the volume and Derek had learned much more than he had ever thought possible. He was a born wolf yet half of what he had read was unknown knowledge to him and he had barely made it to a quarter of the book.He leaned back against the headboard and pulled the black plastic frame to pinch the bridge of his nose. The glasses were a new, albeit ironic, addition. His body could heal almost any injury, but nothing could be done for presbyopia. Which sucked because he wasn’t that old, for fuck sakes. His eyes were burning, and he’d noticed he had reread the same lines a few times already.  He was so very tired. There had been another weird dream last night, the feeling of trying to pull something through to him was persistent and truly baffling and he had woken feeling ragged and far from rested. Hell, he’d settle for being refreshed at this point, but even that was obviously not in the cards. He stuck a finger between the pages, got up and went to the kitchen to grab a soda. Moving around combined with a jolt of sugar and caffeine should help wake him up and he popped the tab and downed almost half of the can before glancing at the clock. He still had a few hours before he had to be at the clinic for the next research blitz, so he plunked the book open on the island and took out a bag of chips from the cupboard. Might has well munch wile he read a bit more.A few minutes later found him staring at the title of the section on mates. The subject left him a tad perplexed as he had little knowledge on the matter.  Pushing his glasses up his nose he flipped the pages to see how long the chapter was, debating if he should skip it. He didn’t remember having had a discussion with his mother on the subject and he presumed he had been too young for her to do so. He scratched his beard and scanned the text before him, deciding he might as well get all the facts and information. That was his job for now, at least until they knew what was wrong with him, so he wiped his fingers with a paper napkin, removing the grease from the chips, and picked up a pen to take notes. Dr. Deaton was a stickler for clear facts and Derek had figured out he liked abridged versions when available, so he sat down in front of the volume, a yellow pad at his elbow and continued his study.By the time he’d gone over the whole chapter he had filled out both sides of three sheets of paper with a summary, key points and questions. He was certain he had found a trail that could explain what ailed him, but he needed Alan’s opinion and knowledge. Armed with a new-found resolve, he shoved his feet into his boots, grabbed his keys and ran out the door. If he was right, and he hoped to god that he was, he had an explanation for his deteriorating health.  -o-o- Alan Deaton had held the role of primary emissary for his pack for many years, a position he had filled until the death of every single one of his family members. He knew more about the intricacies of living, being and breathing pack life than any “human” and Derek considered him an honorary uncle. The Alpha stood bemused in the doorway, staring at said uncle who seemed a tad bedraggled, a band of soot marking his face from chin to eyebrow and a wild look in his eyes.  What resembled plant remains were scattered on his work table and littered the floor, the smell of rot hung heavy in the air. Derek took a few steps in the lab and turned the still lit burner off, then grabbed a few paper towels he wet at the corner sink and handed them to the doctor. The man used them to clean his face then wiped down the mess on the stainless-steel surface, muttering something about stupid inconsistent spells.Derek smiled fondly as he asked, “What happened?”, while trying not to laugh at the dumbstruck expression on Alan’s face.  The doctor’s reply was grumbled. “New spell with a wolfsbane hybrid. Obviously, I need to review the whole thing. It’s the third time it has blown up in my face.” He grabbed a broom and started sweeping the floor.” You’re early. What’s up?”The alpha set the book on the table and opened it to the section marked with his notes. “What do you know about mates?” Deaton’s reply was a noncommittal hum, so he continued, “There’s a whole chapter in here about the mate-bond and how the synergy works and how the bonding affects both individuals and pack.” He hooked a foot around the leg of a stool and sat down, bringing the book closer to himself. “There’s this unmated Alpha who says she had health issues following the death of a few of her packmates. The symptoms she’s describing are similar to mine and it got me thinking that there might be more to it than I first thought.”Alan leaned the broom against a wall and approached the table, turning the book so he could scan the few lines Derek was pointing to.” Hmm… well, it sort of makes sense if you think about it. A pack strength is built through its numbers, which in turn gives the Alpha more power. Add to that a mate bond and you have the perfect cocktail to create a powerful leader.” He laid a hand on Derek’s shoulder and gave a small squeeze. “I’m sorry, I should have thought about this. With everything that’s happened to you, it should have been clear to me.” Derek’s smile didn’t reach his eyes but the kindness in the other man’s words, in his actions, warmed him. “Alan, you’ve done so much for me already, don’t put this on yourself too. You’re not my emissary and it’s not your job to keep up with these things. I just needed some friendly advice and maybe a few ideas on ways to fix this.”The doctor dragged a hand on his face and sighed. “I know, but still. There are only two options that can make a difference. Either grow your pack or find a mate. And if you can do both at the same time, well, it would be like winning the lottery.” The Alpha’s shoulders hunched, and he breathed deeply. It always came back to this. “Yeah, well that’s easier said than done. It’s not like there are many volunteers to become pack and you can’t force a mate bond.” He stood, closing the book as he pushed back his seat and turned to his friend. “I’m still having the dreams, but they’ve changed. The latest ones are more purposeful, more tangible, as though my wolf knows exactly what he wants to pull through. “   Deaton’s interest was clear on his face and Derek just recounted as much details of the dreams as he could remember.  “I don’t have answers for you, but I promise I’ll do some research on the matter.” Derek nodded. “I’ll continue reading the book since there’s a slew of information I had no idea existed.” They scheduled another meeting and Derek took his leave.He felt oddly bereft as he got in his car and made his way to the grocery store. He wasn’t sure why, but his feelings felt jumbled and uncomfortable, like and itch just under the surface of his skin and it had his wolf pacing restlessly. He pondered why as he guided the Camaro through the streets, stopping at the supermarket and tried to put everything on the back burner for a while.  Grabbing a cart, he pulled up the list on his phone and started down the produce aisle. Halfway through the store he felt a sharp tug under his breastbone. The sensation had him glancing up, eyes scanning his surroundings. A few people were milling around but no one was openly staring at him him, so he randomly grabbed a can and pretended to read the label while he listened to the heart beats around him. Satisfied that they were all normal he let his sense of smell take over, sniffing for the acrid tang of nerves but there was nothing alarming there either. He shook himself, put the can back on the shelf and pushed his cart further down the row. He passed a tall, slender man holding an overflowing hand-basket and almost faltered. His heart beat was strong and even but where there should have been a mix of scents making up his personal signature there was only the faint smell of laundry detergent and body wash. The pull he felt was disconcerting and had his wolf perk with interest, but he was unable to identify what the man was.  



Chapter 8



Stiles was gnawing on his thumbnail and drumming the fingers of the other hand on the steering wheel. After leaving the restaurant he’d gone into the local grocery store to pick up a few snacks and drinks and he was now sitting in his jeep, parked in front of the realtor’s offices. He inspected the façade of the building, debating if he was ready for this possible next step. He recently had been feeling restless, the sense of accomplishment that the results he’d had with the whole Supernatural enforcement thing was waning and he’d started questioning his future. He was still hesitant and unsure about which direction he wanted his life to take but he decided he could at least check his options out, so he exited the car and entered the building.  He came out almost two hours later armed with listings for three properties and accompanied by Jack the realtor. The man was jovial, his enthusiasm was contagious, and he’d convinced Stiles to go and visit the houses. Stiles was far from being a pushover, but his mind was somewhat already made up, so he accepted the offer and then spent the better part of the afternoon driving around and walking through the different residences.    The first two options were okay and offered what you’d expect from older houses in a small town. He didn’t expect differently from the third one, but he tagged along and let Jack show him around. They made their way to the edge of an older neighborhood where the last one was located. It was a small and charming 1920’s shaker style cottage backed by the forest of the Preserve. It had clearly been well kept, the house painted a neutral, darkish grey with pristine white trim and a lime green door that popped in contrast. The exterior was in great condition, the porch was solid, and it was apparent that the previous owners had put a lot of care in the upkeep of the property.    He was charmed and the feeling solidified when they entered the front door. The interior was as perfect as the outside and he was smitten.With a house.He snorted, then laughed as he walked deeper inside. He decided then and there that he was buying the house, the feeling of contentment, of home cinching the deal. It was perfect, and he felt the rightness of it while standing in the middle of the small den. Breathing deeply, he let his wards down and just let the feelings that had permeated the walls for nearly a century wash over him. This house had been full of love and joy, the emotions pure and bright as they seeped into the small crevices in his soul. He smiled and turned to the realtor, shaking his hand as he made an offer.He was finally home.  -o-o-Later that evening, after the elation of buying his first house had died down a bit, he piled a few pillows against the headboard and settled himself comfortably. Pulling out his phone he made the obligatory call to his superiors and had a lengthy discussion about how he was retiring completely from SCAD. Colonel Finstock did not take the news quietly. He had yelled and cussed then reverted to cajoling when that didn’t work. The undercurrent of anger and hostility was palpable as it sank in that he was not coming back. Losing their main asset was not expected and it made them nervous and very vocal on the subject.He couldn’t care less.It was over for him. He had let them use him, use his abilities and his spark for long enough. He had made it clear that he could pull the plug at a moment’s notice, and he’d done just that. Now he needed to speak with his team and that prospect was a bit more daunting. He spent the next hour explaining the situation, offered to provide a roof for them if they ever decided they needed to get out too. He was almost certain that Isaac would be the first one who would accept his offer and he anticipated he’d see him on his doorstep sooner than later. The project was slightly overwhelming, but the prospect of laying roots was exciting even though there was a whole lot of planning yet to do. He still had to address the issue that had brought him back to Beacon Hills, so he flipped through his contacts, selected a name and pressed the button, waiting for the call to connect.



Chapter 9



Deaton was completing the file of a patient when his secretary beeped him about a Stiles Stilinski on line two. Stiles rarely, if ever, called him and curiosity had him switching the phone to hands free to take the call. “Mr. Stilinski, it’s been a while.”  Stiles laughed on the other end of the line. “Allan, how have you been?”  They chatted for a while, catching up on the events of the last couple of years and getting reacquainted.Stiles eventually breached the subject of why he had called. “I was wondering if you were free sometime this week? I’m in town and I wanted your advice on something. There‘s some weird stuff I’ve experienced a few times in the last weeks.”  He grabbed his appointment book and checked the week’s schedule. “I’m actually free this evening if that works for you? “  “Sure, that would be great. Are you okay with dinner at the steakhouse on Fifth?” Stiles inquired tentatively. “Absolutely. They have a great ribeye and they still have those curly fries you used to love. I should be there around 7pm.”  “That’s fine. I’ll meet you there. See you later, Alan.” The line went dead, and he ended the call. Dropping the file in the basket on top of the cabinet he considered the reasons that would have brought the young Spark back to Beacon Hills. He was intrigued, to say the least, and many questions flittered through his mind as he went to check on the patients that were still under observation.-o-o-The day had dragged on, a handful of routine checkups and one random minor injury to patch had lefty him with ample time to do some research on Derek’s situation. When six-thirty came around he had printed numerous pages from different online sources and had stuck many sticky flags through a few reference manuals. He shuffled the papers in a neat pile and stacked them atop the books, shut down the computer and let himself out of his office. He did a cursory check of the clinic, armed the security system and exited the building, not at all unhappy the day was finally over.  He made it to the restaurant with ten minutes to spare so he entered and requested a slightly isolated table, in case Stiles wanted some privacy. He took a seat and shot a quick email to Derek to set up an appointment to discuss his findings. Stiles arrived a few minutes later, looking Zen and happy and he stood to shake his hand. He smiled at his former protégé as they sat, a short, shy moment of silence between them. It was quickly broken by Stiles, as expected, his ADHD still present whenever he was excited.“So? How have you been? You look good. Life’s treating you well?” The rapid-fire questions and comments were predictable and had him laughing. Stiles stopped himself with a sheepish smile and looked expectantly at his teacher. “Sorry. I haven’t seen you in a long while and I’m really happy and I’ve got so much to tell you! “A wave of affection for the young man washed over him, the memories of their time spent practicing and learning about his powers still fresh in his mind. Stiles had faced a lot of losses at a young age but his spirit never waivered and he had pulled himself up through his grief with remarkable resolve. He’d found a purpose and a channel for his anger and he’d been a studious pupil, eager to put his abilities to good use. He was proud of what Stiles had made of himself.“I’ve been great, the practice is doing well and we’re lucky that Beacon hills is not a hot spot. The attacks that have been blowing up across the country have us concerned and the town council has been evaluating different possible scenarios to protect the city. All in all, life is good.” Stiles was fidgeting, rearranging his cutlery and balling up his napkin. He was obviously excited about something and he cut to the chase. “So, what is up with you? You’ve been bouncing that leg since you sat down.”Stiles’ laugh was refreshing, and he realized that he had missed him. The young man blurted “I just bought a house! Well, I bought it yesterday, but yeah. I’m moving back here.” Rubbing the back of his head he downed half of his water in a few big gulps, set the glass back on the table and settled down in his seat. “I’ve been feeling restless recently and I quit SCAD yesterday. So yeah, I needed a complete change of lifestyle. I fell in love with this cute house quite by chance and it kind of cemented everything, so I bought it and now I’m here, laying roots and all.”He took a deep, steadying breath before continuing. “I need your expertise on something weird that has happened a few times. I tried looking it up but didn’t find anything remotely helpful.” He launched into a concise but detailed explanation, recalling as much of each event as he remembered, talking through the main course and well into the desert.He listened carefully, noticing inflections and gestures, trying to decipher anything that would be underlying in the young Spark’s words. Something was nagging him, but he couldn’t put a finger on it, so he filed the feeling with the intent of examining it later.“If I understand correctly, you found yourself physically transported to different locations, places that you had never been to before? Did you ever see photographs or could someone have described these to you?” He racked his brain, trying to remember if he’d had ever read something of this nature before.Stiles Snorted at that. “I haven’t seen any bedroom action for months, believe me when I say I’d remember if I had!” He took a sip of his coffee, grimaced at the taste and added sugar and creamer. Stirring the mix, he looked up at him, a thoughtful expression on his face. “I sort of panicked both times and yanked myself back to myself. I didn’t feel threatened or in danger, so I was thinking that maybe I should try and gather some information? Like stay a few minutes longer?” He took another sip and smiled, the taste obviously to his liking.“That might be a good way to get more data although I urge you to be cautious. I don’t know how you keep getting displaced, but I can’t imagine I’d be happy to wake up to a naked stranger in my room.” Stiles laughed at that, the mischief in his eyes marking his sense of humor. “I shudder at the thought! Can you imagine his reaction though?”“I’ll look into it, but I can’t promise anything. I’m currently doing research for the local Alpha, so I’ll keep an eye open for anything that might help provide answers for your predicament while I’m at it. Now, as much fun as this has been I have to get home. It’s getting late and I have an early surgery tomorrow.” He dropped a handful of bills on the table then handed him a business card. “Send me your contact info and I’ll keep you posted on my findings.” They hugged quickly, clapping each other’s back a few times. “It’s good to have you back Stiles. Don’t be a stranger, ok?”      



Chapter 10



Stiles had returned to the hotel rather early and had taken a few hours to organise his life. He had left a few things behind in his room back on the base, mostly books and trinkets and a few photos of his parents that he wanted back. Portalling himself there would be quicker, but it always left him drained, his magic depleted for at least twenty-four hours, so he was hesitant about going that route. The alternative was to make the drive down, which would take at least five days for the round trip and he was not to keen on that idea either. He was debating the pros and cons with himself when the ringtone he had assigned to Isaac jarred him out of his head.
It turned out that is friend had had a change of hearth, as predicted, and he wanted to discuss his options with him. They talked until early morning, setting things in motion and making plans. They agreed that he would pack his and Stiles few belongings, rent a small truck and drive up north to Beacon Hills in a few days. Stiles would get him a room in the same hotel he was staying at while they worked on getting the house ready and furnished so that they could move in by the end of the following week. They hung up around two AM, exhausted but anxiously happy and Stiles fell asleep almost as soon as his head hit the pillow.
-o-o-
He got pulled out of his slumber by a pressing need to pee, so he shuffled out of bed, bleary eyed and going on instinct, went to relieve himself then shuffled back to the bed and plopped down, rubbing a hand over his face, not wanting to get up but a tad too awake to fall asleep again. The glaring display of his phone indicated 11:37 AM. Oversleeping was a rare occurrence for him and explained why he was feeling crabby and out of sorts. The only solution was to jumpstart himself, so he grabbed his toiletries and headed back to the bathroom for a quick shower, hoping to force his brain back into its normal cycle.
He was sitting in the diner less than fifteen minutes later, a cup of coffee half empty in front of him and an open notebook at his elbow. Jack the realtor had just called him and they arranged to meet a few minutes later so he could drop off some documents that needed his signature and the keys to his new home. His leg was bouncing with febrile energy, the excitement slowly tingling under his skin. He’d have to find an outlet for the excess magic that was slowly gathering in his body but for now he forced himself to eat the meal he had ordered and continued compiling a list of all things needed to furnish an empty house. The bell above the door chimed shortly after, and he grinned at Jack as he made his way to his table and sat in the empty seat in front of him.
“Jack, how are things on this fine morning? Can I offer you coffee or tea?” The man shook his head and pushed a thick envelope across the table top. “Thank you but I have to decline. I have a showing across town in twenty minutes. I just came to drop these off. I have marked all the places your signature is needed. Please take the time to review everything and let us know if you have any questions. If you could drop of the documents before Wednesday, we should be able to complete the transaction with the bank and have you set up before the weekend.”
Stiles extended his right arm above the papers and they shook hands, sealing the deal. “That’s perfect! I will surely drop these off tomorrow. Can I access the house freely from now on?” Jack nodded as he stood. “Absolutely, you are now the owner, so you can come and go as you please. I recommend you read carefully through the Historical Society section as there are some restrictions you need to be aware of if you wish to do any renovations. Basically, you’re all set to move in. Congratulations.” 
 Stiles was beyond ecstatic as he watched him leave. The low thrumming of magic was now a full body tremor under his skin and he felt happiness bubble in his chest. He abandoned the remains of his breakfast, the excitement having eclipsed his appetite, and he dropped a few bills on the table. With the papers and notebook under his arm, he exited the restaurant in a hurry, got into his car and drove to his house where he parked in the driveway. He sat in silence a few minutes, letting things sink in, then got out and walked around to the side until he reached the fence. Luckily it was not locked so he was able to enter the back yard and look around, taking deep breaths of fresh air as he ambled towards the edge of the property where it met the forest.
A path had been cleared by many years of people treading through the vegetation and he followed it, examining his surroundings as it brought him deeper into the forest. He touched the bark on trunks with his fingertips, leaving a trail of his essence behind so he could backtrack to the house. He walked on, not knowing what he was looking for but certain that he would recognise it when he found it. He eventually stumbled into a clearing where the trees were spaced farther apart, creating an opening in the canopy. He looked up to the brilliant blue of the sky and knew this was it, the spot where he could release his magic securely. He slowly opened his senses to ensure he was alone, shedding his clothing piece by piece until he stood in his briefs, then he closed his eyes, unlocked his powers and dropped his protective wards. Pure energy was released from his body, rolling out and dispersing like a warm breeze. His skin buzzed, and his hair stood on end, the ink on his body tingled as the power flowed all around him. He burst out in gleeful laughter, the joy of letting his spark run lose was freeing, the weight he had been carrying around the last few months, maybe even years, slowly dissolved around him.        



Chapter 11



The night had been uneasy, plagued by dreams that made no sense and left him feeling bone tired. Exhausted was his new default setting and it was getting to a point where he was concerned it was detrimental to more than his mental health. Felling restless with the lack of sleep, he wandered around the loft, flipping the pages of the book he’d picked up in disinterest. He didn’t want to try and sleep and the tv bored him so by mid day his wolf was ready to burst from his skin. He was clamoring for some form of release, so he shed his clothes as he descended the back stairs and exited in the yard. Taking a deep breath, he let the shift take over until his wolf was free and he ran straight into the depths of the preserve.
 
He trotted on the path then followed a trail of scents, losing himself in the chase where nothing else but catching the source of it counted. He let go of all the anxiety brought on by his situation, by the fear of the wrongness of things, by everything that just did not get any better no matter what. He ran to relieve his stress. He ran until he was elated and happy.
 
He just ran and ran and ran. 
 
He ran on for what probably amounted to hours then suddenly came to an abrupt stop. Something was off in the forest, it didn’t exactly feel bad but there was most definitely something strange. He sat on his haunches, tail quivering in unease, ears and hackles raised as a deep growl rumbled in his chest. He lifted his muzzle, scenting the air and listened for a clue but there was nothing that explained this oddness. 
 
He stayed still for many minutes, ears and nose twitching when leaves rustled in the underbrush on his left. He tilted his head towards the sound and slowly slinked in that direction. The forest was eerily quiet, making him quite nervous but he could not sense anything malevolent, so he continued warily, laying low as he crawled forward. A sudden and unexpected wave of wind laced with static electricity rushed over his fur, raising the strands on end and eliciting a warm tingle along his skin. He whined in surprise but promptly quieted down when the echoing sound of happy laughter burst through the trees and reached his ears, seeping into his very soul.
 
He sat in surprise, transfixed as delight bubbled warmly in the pit of his stomach and spread to his limbs, the feeling so alien, so damn uncomfortable that he forced himself to snap out of it with a snarl. He backed up as fast as possible then bolted through the underbrush until he could no longer hear the sound. Panic coursed through his body and he hated the unfamiliar emotion. He raced back to the loft, shifting quickly to his bipedal body and climbed the stairs two by two until he was safe behind a closed door. He paced nervously, breathing big gulps of air while trying to regain control of his thoughts, trying to make sense of what the fuck was that? The moment goosebumps started to cover his skin he shuffled to the bathroom, turned the shower on and slipped under the hot spray. He stuck his head face first in the stream of water and unfurled his hands from the fist they had been balled in, watching as the blood welling from the cuts where his claws had been embedded in the meaty part slowly rinsed off and the skin knitted itself closed.
 
He positively detested being unbalanced and this thing had thrown him for a loop. He couldn’t remember the last time he had felt happiness and the fact that this feeling was not his, that it clearly belonged to someone else but had settled inside of him like it belonged there was so destabilizing it scared him. He needed the comfort of pack, but he also needed to speak with Alan, if only to easy his mind. He let the water soothe the tension in his muscles a while longer then washed quickly. After having dried himself briskly he tied the towel around his hips and went to look for his phone. He picked up his previously discarded clothing while waiting for Allan to answer, getting frustrated when his call went to voice mail instead. He huffed then left a brief message stating he would drop by shortly then he sent a group email to Scott and his pack, asking for an emergency meeting. Detouring by the laundry room he dropped the armful of dirty clothes directly into the washer then went to get dressed.
 
-o-o-
 
Later that evening, once every one of his friends was ensconced in the sofa around him and an action movie was put into the DVD player, he let his mind drift, comforted by the relationship that tied them together as he thought back on Deaton’s reaction or lack of thereof. The man had been intrigued but far from surprised, which nagged at him. He clearly was withholding something but refused to tell him what, stating he was still deep into his research and would not pronounce himself unless he was completely certain about the outcome, which had resulted in Derek glaring at him with annoyance. Alan had clapped his shoulder, squeezing it in reassurance and told him to trust him. Which he did, implicitly, but still. The secrecy was irritating, and he wasn’t shy about letting him know just how much. Alan’s response was to smile in that infuriatingly cryptic way of his and push him gently out of his office.       



Chapter 12



Deaton had been an emissary long enough to recognize the signs of Fate being up to her usual tricks and he hated being in the position where he could not intervene. He’d had an inkling of what she was playing at when Stiles came back to town and told him about the bizarre events he was experiencing. It was a matter of adding his stories to Derek’s dreams and the resulting pattern was so goddamn glaringly evident it was laughable. He was obviously getting old and/or he was losing his touch as it had taken him way too long to see it. Unfortunately, he could not intercede and point them in the right direction, so he was left to ponder his options. He hated being stuck in a situation where he could easily “fix” things but could not do so because it could alter the course of a life. It sucked but he understood why those limitations had been put in place. He smeared a hand on his face and sighed, thinking about ways to bring the two men together. The Wolf and the Spark.  They would be so good for each other and would form a perfect partnership if only they would cross paths. He could not meddle directly, but there were other ways and he had gotten pretty good at saying things in a way that he was actually not saying anything. Stiles had often accused him of being an enigmatic and confusing bastard and it was time to put that to the test.



Chapter 13
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Isaac had called in the early morning to say he’d be arriving in Beacon Hills around noon and they arranged to meet for lunch. He showed up at the diner little after twelve, all smiles and in great spirit. They talked animatedly, mouths filled with half chewed food and arms gesticulating as they excitedly made plans for following weeks. After scarfing their meal and settling their bill under the disgusted eye of the waitress, Stiles led him through town until they reached the house. The younger man was silent as he wandered through the rooms, absorbing the feel and history of the old construction, letting the reality of this new life settling over him. Stiles watched from the entryway where he stayed put, not wanting his magic to affect Isaac’s first contact with the house. He smiled at the relieved look on his friend’s face as he made his way back to the front declaring he liked it a lot. Stiles celebrated by releasing his Spark in a show of small fireworks that had Isaac laughing like a child. It felt good to be at peace. They spent part of the afternoon going through each room, deciding on décor, color schemes and discussing choices of furniture. Stiles had already selected his own bedroom, so he let the young werewolf chose his and gave him free reign on what to do with his space. He knew Isaac had a murky and difficult past, so it was important for him that his friend felt like he belonged and, judging by the beaming smile and the ensuing bone crushing hug, it had been the right thing to do.  Once they had finished the tour, they unloaded their belongings from the van then went shopping for cleaning and painting supplies. They were back within and hour, dropping everything they’d purchased at the house before returning the rental truck to the agency in town. From there Stiles drove them to the hotel and they discussed dinner plans as Isaac checked in, agreeing to meet later in Stiles’ room for pizza and a movie and Isaac retreated to his room for a short rest, a shower and a change of clothes.    Stiles was humming happily as he entered his own space and stripped to his underwear. He was too excited to relax, and he needed to release some of the extra energy that was running between his synapses. Closing his eyes, he concentrated on regulating his breathing and loosening the ball of heat in his chest. He let his mind wander and drift, wondering about the strange pull he’d been feeling lately. Once his limbs had relaxed, he centered himself and released his magic slowly, preventing an assault on his senses until he felt the shifting current of the whole town’s life force ebb and flow. It was simultaneously too much and too little and he reveled in the euphoric feelings it brought forth. There was no discernible pattern to his roaming, and he left himself be carried, following random colors or sounds until he stumbled upon a shimmering red substance.  It kept changing as it went from being a tangible glittery thing to wispy and smoke like, the color somehow pulsing, fading then becoming vivid again.  It was oddly captivating and beautiful, and he moved forward to see it up close, the motion tumbling him into himself then out into an unknown living room. He rubbed the disorientation from his eyes, his gaze intently settling on the young girl looming over an inert man laying on a couch. His reflexes kicked in the moment he recognized the Sôruita demon by the wet hair, dripping dress and the thin red strand of the soul she was sucking out, his magic encapsulating her in a deadening bubble, effectively rendering her powerless. He scrambled nervously for a few seconds then breathed deeply when he spotted the man’s cell phone on the coffee table. He cautiously walked towards it, his bare feet making little noise on the hard floor as he picked up the device, pushing a little magic into it so he could unlock it then dialed Deaton’s number from memory.  He hurriedly explained the situation and what he needed to contain the demon then promptly teleported her into the care of the local police force as instructed by his mentor. He then turned to the man and sent out a pulse of magic, scanning his general health and found that he was mostly unscathed and deeply asleep. He breathed easier, the demon not having had the time to feed on him long enough to do permanent damage. He next erased the call from the phone’s log and dropped it back on the table before he felt a pull and was instantly returned to his body. He blinked, the moment broken by the knocking on the door which jostled his subconscious, severing the connection and pulled him back to himself. Shaking the weirdness out of his arms he opened the door to find a grinning Isaac standing on the other side, a cold six-pack of beer in his hand.  He moved aside,  letting the young wolf shuffle in, and went to pull on a t-shirt and sweat pants, stating, “Dude, you will not believe the weird shit I just experienced!”



Chapter End Notes
Thanks to my buddy Marc for the Demon!Here is a small excerpt taken from a book of Japanese mythical creatures:The Sôruita is a demon from hell who took the body of a young girl who drowned herself. It is a demon of water. The sôruita's presence corrupts the shell it inhabits so it decays and ages faster than normal but, because it is long-lived, is a very savvy seductress and will play the helpless victim to bring men to it/ her. once they are under her charm, she will slowly eat/ suck their soul to replenish her energy and keep her form young and beautiful.If she lets her body decay, in a matter of months she will look like a cancerous 90 year-old hag with a body that seems to melt. Should her physical form ever completely decay, the Sôruita would be banished back to jigoku (hell).


Chapter 14



Isaac had left a little after eleven and Stiles had spent some time taking notes in his journal, fully intending to discuss the details with Alan and mostly to figure things out. He mulled over the demon’s presence and juggled with a couple of theories and suppositions until he fell asleep in the early morning hours. He slept fitfully, his dreams uneasy, filled with red strands and the oppression that came with feeling that you knew something but were unable to figure out just what it was that you knew.  He woke up groggily to the smell of coffee, glad that he had the forethought of programming the coffee maker before going to bed.  He pushed himself to a sitting position, bleary eyed and cussing his brain’s incapacity to just shut down and managed to get out of bed in less than ten minutes. He took a quick shower, got dressed while drinking his first cup of overly sweetened coffee then left to meet Isaac in the hotel’s restaurant.
 
-o-o-
 
Wanting to reduce their hotel stay to a minimum they eagerly started working on the house that very morning. It took them a day and a half to complete the cleaning and painting of both bedrooms. On the third they tackled the bathroom and kitchen, taking a break in between two coats of paint to do some much-needed furniture shopping. After too many hours spent looking, trying and comparing, they had come to an agreement on the common room furnishings and had both chosen their respective bedroom sets. They were pleasantly surprised to learn that most items were in stock and arranged for everything to be delivered 24 hours later.  
 
The whole process had taken less than a week to complete and although they had worked their asses off, they also had ample time to bond and get to know each other as more than coworkers. Although they had spent numerous missions together during their time with SCAD, they had never been transparent and open with their personal lives. Isaac had always been stoic and imperturbable and it surprised Stiles when he one day blurted out that he was having trouble with his control the closer to the full moon it got. The moment the words came tumbling out of the Beta’s mouth Stiles had a freak-out then promptly went into mage mode, assaulting the wolf with all manners of spells and wards he could think of to assuage the negative occurrence of the moon’s pull.
 
The young man ended up sprawled on the new sofa in a hysterical fit of giggles when Stiles stumbled and messed up an incantation resulting in tulips sprouting all over the living room floor. The Spark was seriously flustered, a flush blooming high on his cheeks and muttering his annoyance as he sat on the nearest end table and stared at the floral chaos he’d inadvertently created. He looked on fondly, but slightly miffed, as Isaac laughed so hard he cried. “Dude, stop laughing,” The words contained just enough annoyance to send the wolf in to a second bout of snorting tittering. “You’re bruising my ego! You should know by now that even when I fuck up I do so in an epic kind of way!”  Which, yeah, he admitted to himself that this one was a doozy in the world of failed spells.
 
He took a few selfies with Isaac’s laughing red face and the carpet of flowers in the back drop then flicked a wrist while chanting an incantation and everything vanished into thin air. He sent the photos to Deaton without a caption, knowing he’d find it hilariously funny. That reminded him that his old mentor had mentioned doing some research for the local Alpha, so he also sent him a short message explaining Isaac’s pack less situation and inquiring about the possibilities of meeting said Alpha.  The wolf had gotten himself a glass of water and was now lazing back with his legs resting on the ottoman, channel surfing disinterestedly.
 
“Hey, Isaac?“ The young man looked at him over his shoulder, an eyebrow raised questioningly. ” Do you remember my old mentor, Deaton? Well, he mentioned the local Alpha he’s currently doing research for. I told him about you and asked if they would be open to meet with you. There aren’t many packs around and I’m pretty certain they’ll at least agree to talk to you. Is that okay?“ Isaac’s face did some weird things as he got up and, in a rare show of emotions, enveloped him in a tight hug. Stiles wrapped his own arms around his body and held the hug for as long as Isaac needed. “Thank you.” The words, heavy and hoarse, were muffled against his shoulder.  He squeezed a bit tighter, letting him know that he understood all that he was unable to say.  

 

“Don’t mention it. That’s what friends do, they help and support each other. I’m kinda selfish, you know? I don’t particularly enjoy being alone, so I adopted you as my honorary little brother a few years back. You’re stuck with me for ever, dude.” Isaac sniffled loudly, his body suddenly shaking as he tried to contain the tears but lost the battle against the overwhelming feelings engulfing him. His tears triggered Stiles’ and they spent the following minutes holding each other while emotions ran high. The wolf broke the silence with choked up words. “I’ve considered you pack for close to a year now. I never told you but you’re all I have too.”
 
Smiling through his tears Stiles wiped his face with his sleeve, looking equal parts fond and embarrassed. He grabbed Isaac’s arm, pulling him towards the couch then pushed him down in a corner. “This evening has just become a two-man pack night. Find a movie while I make hot cocoa. Oh, and prepare to be cuddled, we need to catch you up on your wolfy scent marking thing! “



Chapter 15



Alan opened his door to a bedraggled Derek. He frowned at his appearance, the purple bruises under his eyes deeper, more pronounced than when he last saw him. Derek settled in one of the chairs placed in front of his desk and he sat in the other. “You look like shit and you’ve lost weight. What’s wrong?” The Alpha snorted, rolling his shoulders and slouching in his seat as he closed his bloodshot eyes. “Everything, apparently.” The Alpha replied haggardly, dragging a hand on his face. “My wolf has not settled down in the last eight nights. I can’t sleep for more than a couple of hours at a time before he claws at me, whining and demanding. Only I have no clue what he even wants or needs.” He sighed dejectedly, stretching his legs in from of him.  He looked at him pleadingly, the weight of his distress apparent in the tightness around his eyes and the clench of his jaw. “I don’t know how much more of this I can take before I can’t hold him back and he takes over. I fear that once he does he’ll become feral and I’ll have to be put down. I’m really scared, Alan.” Deaton leaned back in shock. ”Jesus, Derek! Why didn’t you say anything? I had no clue it had gotten this bad.” He knew that Derek was strong-minded and determined to do the right thing and this went to prove how strong of an Alpha he really was, but he needed help on a level he wasn’t sure he could provide. He hadn’t been an active emissary in so long that his powers had waned and were rusty from disuse. He sat deep in thoughts for a moment then jumped up, his lab coat fluttering behind him as he grabbed his phone from the desk. He quickly thumbed through his contacts, selected a name and impatiently waited for the call to connect.    “Stiles? I know it’s early and rather sudden, but I need help in your particular field of expertise. Are you free right now?” He paced, walking in small circles in the free space around the furniture as he listened intently, nodding and replying in monosyllables. “Uh huh. Yes, it is rather urgent. Okay. See you in a bit.”  Derek was looking at him warily, an eyebrow cocked questioningly. He leaned against the desk and explained his actions. “Stiles is a mage I helped train about ten years back. He worked for SCAD until a few months ago when he decided he needed a change of pace and scenery and he quit. He just bought a house and is slowly setting down roots. He is one of the most powerful Sparks in the world, so I think he might be able to help you.” Derek snorted, unconvinced about this stranger being able to assist in any way. “Alan, I sincerely doubt this Stiles person can do anything. After all I’ve read, I’m fairly certain this is the result of me being mate-less and having no pack. It feels like my wolf’s essence is waning. I think…“ He took a deep shuddering breath before continuing, ”I think he’s dying….we’re dying.” Deaton clasped a hand around Derek’s neck, a gesture that calmed his wolf, and gave a small squeeze. “Let’s see what he has to say, okay? He’s unbelievably powerful and he might have some information we don’t.” Derek nodded, the movement lacking enthusiasm. There was a sharp knock at the door, and he went to answer.



Chapter 16



Stiles had taken Deaton’s call with a grain of salt, knowing full well that even though the man had sounded concerned he did have a slight tendency to exaggerate. He’d grabbed Isaac on his way out, stating that they were going to meet the local Alpha for what would probably be a case of chicken pox or something equally non-threatening. The drive to the clinic took less than ten minutes and they were promptly ushered in Alan’s office upon their arrival. The doctor showed them in, explaining why he had called when movement to the left snatched his attention and had him turning his head towards the other person in the room. The man was tall, a few inches taller than him at least, trim with broad shoulders and long legs. He had midnight hair and a short, well trimmed beard and even from a distance he could clearly see his pasty complexion and the dark shadows under his eyes. The moment he locked eyes with him the world just came to a screeching halt. Everything stopped, the breath in his lungs, the heart in his chest, everything just paused. A loud whooshing sound echoed a second later and time settled back in its rhythm. Lifting a hand, he could see the tattoos on his skin tingling and whirling and, yep, he was glowing. There was a collective gasp as the men around him experienced his magic for the first time and he chanced a glance at the stranger to find him in his beta shift, eyes surprised and bright red. The wolf spoke, voice growly and lisping slightly around his fangs, “What the fuck?” His first reaction was to be insulted but then his spark flared, and recognition settled in his gut. He giggled, understanding dawning clearly in his mind. “Well, this is rather unexpected, but I can’t say I’m surprised.” He moved towards the man, stepping in his personal space, standing so close their chests were almost touching. Drawing a hand up he cradled the stranger’s cheek, the soft bristles of his beard tickling his palm as energy flowed at the skin on skin contact. He gazed into beautiful moss green eyes and saw the tension ease from his features, the man gasping when his wolf was enveloped by thrumming magic. Stiles smiled softly as they searched each other’s eyes, their souls already in sync as mates were wont to do. The Alpha was quivering, tears pooling in his eyes and jaw clenching as he breathed deeply to retain control over his emotions. The reaction was puzzling as he could feel his relief through their newfound bond, so he touched their foreheads together, needing to comfort and reassure. The wolf then burrowed in his neck, rubbing his nose and cheek against the soft skin behind his ear, marking and scenting his new partner. Stiles groaned, heat pooling in the pit of his stomach and his groin, making him forget where he was. He was brought back to the present by someone clearing their throat. He pushed back from his mate, squeezing his eyes shut, and addressed his friend and mentor whom he had forgotten were still in the room. “Guys, would you mind giving us a few minutes? We need a moment and I promise I’ll explain everything, but we’ll need coffee.” Deaton snorted and pulled Isaac out the door, mumbling something about decorum and not doing anything untoward in his workplace. He looked at his mate, needing to unscramble his brain and get his dick to stop twitching “So. As much as this is pleasant, and believe me it fucking is, we need to take this in the right order.” He shook himself out his daze and stepped back, smiling blindingly as he extended his right arm. ”Hi, I’m Stiles”.



Chapter 17



Derek had not expected that anything would come out from meeting the mage, yet he now was in shock, standing with an armful of the most wonderfully smelling and beautiful person he had ever encountered. His wolf had quieted down and was purring in contentment. Somehow, he had felt the man’s magic slowly healing him at the contact of his hand on his skin, stripping away months of anxiety. He knew he would gradually regain balance and he could no longer feel the sensation of impending death that had clung to his wolf.  The stranger, Stiles, was looking at him fondly, a huge grin splitting his face and he felt his own features slowly morph into a tired smile. God, he couldn’t even remember the last time he’d had a reason to smile and it shook him deeply. The moment he laid eyes on the tall, slender male his wolf had started clamoring a litany of mine mate mine matematemate and he was only appeased when he rubbed his face in the crook of the stranger’s neck for the most awkward scenting he’d ever engaged in. He pulled back from the beta shift, making it easier to speak with his human teeth and he introduced himself. “Hey. I’m Derek.” Heat crept up his cheeks to the tip of his ears and he shuffled, flustered at his body’s treacherous display. “I have no clue what the hell is going on here,” he blurted out, “and I really need you to enlighten me.”   Stiles laughed with his whole body, head thrown back as his voice echoed in the room. “Of course,” he gestured to the chairs, “please, sit. Long story short, we’re mates.” His face must have shown his incredulity as Stiles smiled again. “It boggles the mind, doesn’t it? You’re probably unaware that werewolves have a small spark of magic. It’s what permits the shift in your body and why your animal has been trying to get us together.” The mage’s words had him frowning. ”How is that possible? I’ve never seen you before.” Stiles continued his explanation. “You haven’t been feeling well recently. Correct?” He nodded, no use pretending otherwise when the signs were clearly evident in the shadows under his eyes and the grey tint of his skin. “Well, your wolf knows what it needs to heal, and he simply searched for the strongest source of magic he could find and reached out to connect with it. You probably were unaware of this, but he managed to pull me through space and dimensions a few times. “          He snorted in disbelief and schooled his features in a scowl as he deadpanned,” Of course he did.” Stiles just sat back in his seat, an eye brow cocked.” Want me to describe how sparsely furnished your bed room is? Or better yet, your choice of daisy printed shower curtain? What about that time a few weeks ago where I popped up in your living room to find a Sôruita demon sucking out your soul? Evidently, she’d only been feeding on you for a short while, and in small quantities at that, but still, her plan was to stretch her feeding until she’d emptied you out.” Derek’s deer in the headlights look was answer enough and he deflated a little, body curling slightly in on itself. “All these weird dreams I’ve been having were not dreams?”  Stiles shook his head. He must have felt his anxiety because he scooted his chair closer and grabed his hand. He frowned at the unfamiliar contact but was quickly startled when his uneasiness dissipated, replaced with soothing warmth and strange feelings that were not his own. He glanced at their entwined fingers to see that Stiles tattoos were glowing again and he blinked a few times. He felt pathetically lost and alarm started tingling in his chest, the feeling of being in over his head and having no idea how to save himself pushing him into a panic attack.  A warm hand settled on his nape, the strong fingers caressing his skin and anchoring him while words of encouragement were murmured softly. “Your wolf got me there in time and she’s now in custody. She will never be a problem again.” He shuddered, Stiles long fingers carding through his hair and his soft voice murmuring, “Take a deep breath Derek, things will be okay. We found each other so your wolf can now heal.” There was a flurry of activity at the door as Deaton and Isaac came in, their arms loaded with coffee and sandwiches.  Alan sat behind his desk and the young wolf settled himself on the floor near his friend, handing Stiles and Derek a cup from the tray.  Stiles and Derek launched into an in-depth explanation of what they had been experiencing.   



Chapter 18



Derek started by retelling how he had been sequestered and tortured and his subsequent rescue by his friends, mentioning that the young alpha and his small pack had found him using the bond they had, even though he was not pack himself. Deaton explained that bonds were common when packs cohabited and interacted in a sociable and peaceful manner with each other, which Derek was grateful for considering the alternative.  He went on to explain how it had taken a long time for his body to recover and how affected his wolf had been. Stiles squeezed his hand in support and trickled calmness through his magic.  He then went on to recount how the following months were plagued by disturbing dreams and how he felt he was slowly dying. He described some of his dreams and Stiles commented how he had managed to pull him through a few times, which prompted a boatload of questions. A lot of those did not have a concrete answer but both he and Stiles had a good inkling that magic was mostly responsible. Stiles was unconsciously rubbing circles on Derek’s wrist while he related his own experiences of being turned through himself, the details making everyone wince as they imagined being deconstructed and put back together. Isaac blanched when he explained how he had found the demon feeding on the Alpha’s soul and the ensuing entrapment and disposal of the individual. His skin tingled with zings of magic as he explained how Derek’s wolf had sought out his spark in an attempt to restore his health which prompted Isaac to ask about the mate thing.  Stiles smiled into his cup before taking a sip of the lukewarm brew, trying to find the best way to explain what was mostly a theory. “I actually have no clue. Derek’s wolf needing my help was the catalyst that pulled me through, but I was still planning on coming back here. I think we would have felt the pull and would had met somewhere in town anyway.” Deaton smirked cryptically and confessed, “About that… I was actually plotting on ways to get you two to meet without disrupting fate.” Stiles stared at him for a few seconds then burst out laughing.  Once he had quieted down, he spoke up again. “I can’t speak for Derek, but it feels right, and my magic is happy, for lack of a better word. It’s like I was missing a part of myself and Derek’s spark fills that space.” He looked up to find Derek staring at him and felt his face heat up as he squeezed his fingers “We get to learn about each other and I can’t wait to do that, to go on dates and get to know you.”   -o-o- Stiles and both wolves had left Deaton’s office late in the afternoon and found themselves standing embarrassedly in the parking lot. Isaac had subtly wandered off towards the car, giving them a bit of privacy and Stiles had taken the opportunity to invite Derek for diner the following day. As they were about to go their separate way Derek awkwardly pulled him in a hug, stuck his nose in the crook of his neck and inhaled deeply, instantly igniting Stiles’ magic and making his skin tingle. The man rumbled deep in his chest, his wolf obviously pleased and Stiles just melted into the embrace. They sighed at the same time which made Derek snort and take a step back, releasing his mate’s lanky frame. “I feel uncomfortable doing this, yet I don’t want to let go. Is that normal?” Stiles shrugged. “I think it is. You need to heal, and my spark helps you do that.” He smiled at the man’s crestfallen face, drawing a hand to cup his cheek. “Hey, that does not mean I don’t feel and want it too! If it was not weird, I’d wrap us up in a cocoon so we could snuggle all day.” Derek’s flushed face spoke volumes. “Yeah?” He smiled, his words unequivocal, “Yes. Like I said, this feels… right. I just don’t want to go too fast.” That settled the wolf and he smiled as he leaned closer, touched his lips to Stiles’ in a brief, fleeting kiss, then winked and walked away, leaving the human to stare open mouthed at his retreating back. -o-o- It was close to two in the morning and he could not sleep, too ramped up on extra energy. He found himself restlessly roaming the back yard, his skin still flaring up and his tattoos unsettled by the magic running through his body. He ran a finger along the ink on his forearm and giggled. He still had a hard time believing he had a mate and boy did he hit the jack pot with that one! Derek was everything he did not know he was looking for. He was so tired at this point that the only option for him to get some sleep was to release the surplus coursing through his veins by releasing it in the ground. He crouched and pushed his fingers against the grass, opening his mind and liberating the flow. He directed it to his gardens and watched the plants grow, their fruits and vegetables mature and ripen in the blink of an eye. He smiled and knew he’d have to pick everything up in a few hours before it all rotted. He let himself in through the back door and turned the lock then made his way to his bedroom. He flopped face first in his pillow and was asleep a few heartbeats later.



Chapter 19



He woke up with a rumbling stomach to the mixed aroma of coffee and fresh baked bread. Kicking his sheet off he got to his feet, stretching and shaking the sleep from his limbs as he made his way to the kitchen to find the table overloaded with produce and Isaac elbow deep in bread dough. Surprise must have shown on his face as the young man smiled sheepishly. “Hey, did I wake you?”  Hiding a yawn behind his hand, he shook his head as he grabbed a mug from the cabinet and filled it from the half empty coffee pot. He then plonked himself at the island and watched Isaac knead the dough. “Nah, the smells woke me and sharpened my appetite. I didn’t know you knew how to make bread.” The wolf smiled, transferring the dough to a bowl and dropping a dishtowel on top of it. “I haven’t baked in forever, but I felt like today warranted something special so. Fresh bread and apple pie for diner.” He finished washing and drying his hands and turned to stare at the laden table. “What do you want to do with all of this?” Stiles shrugged. ”We could do some canning and preserves and give some away?” Isaac smiled and grabbed a pen and paper. “Sure, I’ll check for recipes and see what we can do. What are the plans for dinner? Do you want me gone?”
 
“Why would you think that?” He got up and rinsed his mug before putting it in the dishwasher then turned to ruffle Isaac’s hair. ”I invited him so we could get to know each other but I also want to ask him about you becoming his beta. I’m not abandoning you for him, even if he’s my mate. You’re my friend and have been in my life longer and he’ll have to accept that we’re a package deal in one form or another.” Isaac lips turned up in a small smile and he engulfed him a hug, his words muffled against his shoulder. ”Thanks. I hope he says yes.” Stiles patted his back and rubbed a hand along the back of his neck, the scenting soothing Isaac’s wolf. Stiles grinned at how young his friend sounded. ”I’m certain he will. You’re awesome.” Isaac snorted as he pulled back and started writing in his note pad. “I was thinking about grilling some steaks, unless you’d prefer fish?”
 
They chatted about dinner and canning while he ate breakfast, Isaac finishing the prepping of his last loaves. The young man left shortly after to run errands and Stiles tackled the vacuuming and house cleaning.
 
-o-o-
 
Later that afternoon, once every room was spotless, the meal prep was done and they had showered, they found themselves with a few extra hours to kill before Derek arrived. Isaac suggested they watch a movie and they sprawled on the couch to pass the time. Stiles could feel a low current of disquiet in Isaac, so he pulled him close in order to run fingers through his lose curls, prompting a rumble of satisfaction and some relaxing cuddling. He’d already seen the romcom Isaac had chosen so when his eyelids drooped, he decided a nap was in order.
 
He jostled awake when Isaac shook his shoulder, which had him sitting up in a flail of limbs. The wolf smirked at his antics and disentangled himself so he could get up. “You should get a move on, Derek will be here in about thirty minutes.”  He stretched and got to his feet, straightening his rumpled clothes as he walked towards his room. He changed out of his ratty t-shirt and sweat pants and redressed in the olive jeans that made his ass look amazing and a chambray button down, rolling the sleeves to his elbows as he made his way to the kitchen to start on the food.
 
He put a pot of water on the stovetop and started assembling the salad while it heated, adding macaroni to it once it was a roiling boil. Isaac had wanted pasta so they compromised and would eat it as a salad side dish. The wolf appeared a few minutes later, grabbing placemats and plates and started setting the table. They worked in companionable silence until the lack of noise got too much for Isaac and he put some music on his phone. They efficiently went through their preparation, laughing and shimmying around the kitchen until the door bell rang.
 
Stiles barely managed to not run to the door, preferring to act way maturely than he was in order to not seem too eager. His heart galloped in his chest as he opened the door and he hoped the man wouldn’t comment on it. “Hi!” Derek stared at him for a few seconds and raised an eyebrow, because of course he’d noticed his erratic heartbeat, then he smiled, and Stiles swooned a bit. “Hey.”  They searched each other’s eyes like lovesick teenagers then Stiles remembered his manners and moved aside to let him in. “Hi. Please, come in. I hope you’re hungry!”
 
Derek leaned in, gently rubbing his face along Stiles’ cheek, then handed him a bouquet of flowers. “I wasn’t sure if you liked wine, so I got you these. I was told you can dry everything and use them in teas and what-not.“  Stiles beamed and thanked him excitedly, “Really? That’s awesome! Let’s get them in a vase for now.” He trotted away and Derek followed him, looking around as he went. Stiles rapidly took care of the bouquet then officially introduced Isaac, providing a short back story on their friendship. They chatted a bit then the young man excused himself in order to grill the steaks and left them to tour the house. Stiles showed Derek around, gesticulating as he talked animatedly and Derek felt the zing of magic settling around them, welcoming his wolf, and the lingering doubt he had about everything evaporated. He knew then that he would be okay.
 
-o-o-
 
Once the meal was cleared out, they settled in the living room and Stiles brought out board games, stating it was the best way to learn about one’s character. Isaac rolled his eyes and selected Clue from the pile, setting up the game on the coffee table. They played a few rounds, which Derek won, then Stiles stated he’d had enough of the werewolves cheating. Derek smirked and said he was just bad at it, which had the human lean in his personal space until he was able to push his fingers against his ribs, tickling him until he squirmed and yelped. He pushed him away, but Stiles batted at his hands, so Derek grabbed both of his wrists in one hand and returned the prodding. Stiles squirmed on the floor in laughter, tears running down his face and Isaac cackled at their antics. He pulled the table away from their flailing limbs then sat back to watch them battling it out until Stiles eventually cried Uncle and Derek released him. They sat back against the front of the couch, breathing hard but smiling at each other.
 
Stiles noticed Isaac’s watching them wistfully and turned to Derek. “Can I ask you something personal?” Derek nodded. ”I was wondering if you’d be interested in adopting Isaac as a beta? He’s been having issues with control on the past few full moons and he’s scared he’ll completely lose it if he doesn’t find himself an Alpha.” Derek’s surprise showed on his features as he turned to the young man. “How long have you been without a pack?”  Isaac shrugged. “There were a few Alphas in SCAD but I haven’t been in one since I was turned. I think that Stiles’ magic is powerful enough that my wolf recognized the possibility of an Alpha spark and it worked well enough to keep me somewhat grounded. I figure that now that we’re in your territory it’s no longer as effective because there is an actual Alpha around.”
 
Derek’s mind was racing with the possibilities. “That’s rather impressive. I have never heard of a pack-less beta not turning omega.“  Isaac’s eyes flashed golden at the praise and Derek could smell hope in the young man’s scent. “The control you have over your wolf is remarkable considering how young you are. You managed to tame your animal without having the guidance and support of an Alpha and that shows how strong you are.” The young man blushed and preened a bit, a small expectant smile pulling at the corners of his lips. “It’s not only my territory, as there are two of us, but the other Alpha is actually a friend and we take care of Beacon hills together. That being said, I would be honored to be your Alpha but I think it would be good for you to meet Scott as you may find he’s a better fit for you.“
 
Isaac frowned and looked at Stiles, searching for something then returned his gaze to Derek. ”I consider Stiles my brother and him being your Mate makes you my Alpha. My wolf is settled, and I doubt he’d be happier with this Scott you speak of. I will meet him as a courtesy, but my mind is made up.”  Derek nodded and his body relaxed in relief. Stiles understood the sentiment and he placed a hand on the back of his neck in support. Isaac then knee-walked the few feet that separated them and turned his head, baring his neck and Derek laid at the junction of his neck and shoulder, rubbing his thumb over the pulse point beneath his jaw. He then pulled him into an awkward hug in order to leave his scent on him and Stiles snorted when deep content rumbling was heard from both of them. Isaac flipped him the bird behind Derek’s back, prompting a fit of laughter from the human.
 



Chapter 20



Stiles’ relationship with Derek was easy and they were often found orbiting the other. They were taking things slow, taking pleasure in getting to know each other and easing unhurriedly towards a strong bond. They still maintained separate spaces, but now Derek’s loft had wards protecting him. Stiles had gone overboard with his spells but there was no way he would spare any expenses to protect his mate.  Derek and Isaac were working on their own relationship, their pack bond strengthening everyday. Isaac’s control had solidified under the Alpha’s guidance and he no longer feared his wolf would take over. Meetings were organised with Scott’s pack and the wolves were frequently seen running together on the full moon while the humans stayed back and played board games. Stiles became fast friends with Allison and Danny, and they spent a lot of time in each other’s company, enjoying their mundane humanity.   A few months after the events in Deaton’s office Stiles opened a little shop where he sold different homemade herbal remedies and products. His soaps were popular and his teas and salves, smudge sticks and poultices were appreciated for their effectiveness. He sold his overabundant fresh produce and held gardening classes to help the neighborhood and he was content. The one thing he was not good with was keeping the books and figuring out prices and one day Derek stepped up and made sense of the mess of invoices and bills. Stiles gave him the bookkeeping tasks and was happier about not having to deal with the numbers. He could concentrate on mixing and brewing and just having fun with his abilities and magic. As the weeks passed, they grew closer as a couple and Stiles knew he was ready to move to the next level. Life was good but he wanted more. He wanted to go to bed and wake up besides Derek, to argue about what tv show to watch, to steal his coffee and give him the mushrooms from his pizza. He wanted it all and when he was alone in the early hours of the morning, he found himself wanting things he had never let himself think he could have before but for now, he’d settle with having his mate closer. He was ready for them to share the same space permanently, so he tentatively approached Isaac to talk it out. The young man had admitted that he had started toying with the idea of getting his own space as he had recently gone on a few dates and the prospect of bringing back a partner to their shared quarters was uncomfortable. They broached the subject a few days later and Derek surprised them by offering for Isaac to rent out his apartment.  He moved in with Stiles the following weekend, his wolf content and secure in the safety of his mate’s den. As life went on, they settled into a comfortable routine. Stiles’ shop had become a huge success, so much so that he’d had to expand as his stock outgrew the smaller original location. Derek bought a bigger building and fixed up the place before they enlisted the help of their friends and moved to the new space. Life was great but the frenzy eventually calmed down and Stiles had room to breathe.



Chapter 21



 During a slow January afternoon, after he’d completed a batch of soaps and had refilled the teas, he found himself bored and boredom was never a good thing as he was wont to get himself in trouble when he was idle for too long.  Derek was absorbed with balancing the books and he was paying no attention to what was going on around himself. He decided that it was the perfect time to check Derek’s aura. It was not something he felt needed to be monitored and he hadn’t done it in a long while, so he subtly pushed tendrils of magic towards his mate.  Derek grunted at the invasion and glared in his direction, used to his partner’s shenanigans. He smiled innocently, wiggling his fingers until he went back to his paperwork. He was pleased to see that the color was so much healthier than the last time he’d checked but there was still a slight dullness to it, as though he was looking at it through a dirty window.  He wasn’t overly concerned as he did not feel any immediate health issues, but he still dug a little deeper only to find that, although most of his injuries had healed, there was something off. Derek’s health had been precariously close to irreversible when they met but with time and a hefty dose of magic laced TLC, he managed to help his recovery along. He thought he had done a thorough job of it, but it was starting to look as though there was some underlying issues he had missed. He moved closer, murmuring an incantation softly as he touched Derek’s forearm with his fingertips. He felt the energy flow through his skin, then a jolt when it met Derek’s spark. These exchanges always flooded his senses, filling him with the wolf’s rambunctious energy and today was no exception. He heard his mate take a deep breath, then a satisfied growl rumbled in his chest as he leaned into his touch. He smiled and moved behind him, trailing his fingers up his arm. He laid his other hand just above the neckline of Derek’s shirt and closed his eyes, mapping synapses and following the course of electric currents. He stood there for a few minutes, soothed by the proximity and the intimacy of the gesture. The colours of Derek’s aura were displayed in shades of greens and blues. Sometimes there was a slight change in the hue, darkening with anger for example, but it always was a swirl of the same base colours which is why the brownish tint he found seeping along the ribs on his left side was unexpected.       Frowning at the discovery, he reached in a bit more, trying to get a feel of the source of this rusty anomaly. What he found was a minuscule triangular sliver of something stuck to the bone. The moment he tried touching it Derek inhaled sharply, his body jerking instinctively away, whispering, “Jesus fuck”. He swiftly pulled his magic back, relieving the invasiveness in Derek’s body. “Babe, I think there’s something imbedded in your rib.” He swiveled the chair until Derek faced him and dropped to his knees. Derek’s brow was furrowed over his darkened eyes, the pain etched on his face not a welcome sight. “We need to get you checked out, like right now. This is not normal, and I really don’t like it. Your colour is all wrong...” Derek grunted in assent and he grabbed his phone from the desk, thumbing the device and handing it to him.   He pressed on Deaton’s number and waited for the call to go through, talking hurriedly when the man answered. There was a short, rapid fire exchange then he stood and pulled Derek from his seat, leading him out the door where he switched the sign then locked it behind himself. He held Derek’s hand as he drove, rubbing his thumb along the ridges of his knuckles in what he hoped was a soothing gesture but probably came across as nervous.     Alan was waiting for them when they arrived, and they were quickly ushered in an examining room where Derek was told to strip to the waist. Stiles wasted no time explaining his findings as Alan prepared Derek for x-rays. Once he was done, he expedited the film to the lab and a nurse led them to his office to wait once Derek had finished redressing.    -o-o- Stiles’ leg was jiggling nervously. He was clearly preoccupied with what he had seen, enough for them to be here, but he found solace in the fact that he was not ranting like a lunatic which meant it most probably was nothing immediately life threatening. He picked up his hand and laced their fingers, trying to comfort and calm him although he felt oddly detached. He wasn’t sure what to think and Deaton had still not returned with the x-rays which had him this close to falling in a pit of doubt and panic himself.  There was so much pain in his past that his own body had no memory of what it felt like to be whole and healthy. The emotional ache had lessened with a lot of therapy and the nightmares following his torture had almost completely stopped since he met Stiles, but his body had yet to catch up. He figured that the quantity of sorrow he had accumulated had seeped into his bones and muscles and had settled in there permanently, making him feel way older than he should, but the affliction was his cross to bear and it was a small price to pay for his part in losing everything. After all the healing Stiles had pushed on him, he figured this was what his body was reduced to; a slightly less pliant and weaker version of himself. Although he had made peace with it a while back, he knew that Stiles would not be happy with what he called his “martyr syndrome” and would try to make him see the error of his ways so he kept it to himself.   For now, they sat waiting for the results. They’d know soon enough though, but it was still unnerving. He breathed deeply, bringing Stiles’ hand up and kissed his knuckles. The gesture had the desired effect; Stiles leaned in and kissed his temple, sighing as he cuddled closer, needing the comfort.  -o-o- Alan returned less than fifteen minutes later with a few films and a scowl on his face. He made a beeline to the light box on the wall, stuck the x-rays on the surface and flipped the switch to plunge the room in semi darkness. He stared at the images, rubbing his chin and mumbling to himself. They both jumped when he ordered, “Come here and look at this”. Never having had to have any x-rays taken of his own body, he didn’t know what to look for, but Stiles obviously did. “That is definitely metal but what could it be? It doesn’t look like an implant.” Alan faced them and his expression clearly indicated that he knew exactly what it was. “I’m fairly certain that it’s the tip of a knife. I’m also fairly certain it’s been preventing your healing process to kick in completely.” He felt as though the rug had been pulled from under his feet. The sound of their voices became a buzzing, white noise as he retreated into his head for a few seconds too long. He noticed Stiles pushing him back into his seat and figured he must have swayed where he stood. He felt lightheaded, hot then cold as an alarm rang in the far reaches of his brain. Stiles was kneeling in front of him and he could see concern on his face but the rushing sound in his ears made his voice sound as though he was underwater. He felt Stiles’ hands on his face, his thumbs brushing beneath his eyes. He blinked a few times, clearing the tears from his eyes and… oh… he had not noticed he was crying which made sense now that he realized he was.  He took as deep a breath as he could, considering, and tried calming down. Stiles was still caressing his cheek, but worry was clear in the way his brows furrowed over his whisky eyes. It took a few tries before he managed to stop the tears enough so he could blow his nose and take a few sips of water from the glass that was handed to him.  Both Alan and Stiles were looking at him worriedly and he managed a small smile. “I’m… I’m sorry. I…. it’s just… I haven’t felt really healed since that day and I- and I…. thought that was it.” Stiles draped an arm over his shoulders and dragged him into a side hug. His wolf settled at the contact and he felt his mate’s soothing touch through their bond. He took another deep breath and let the truth come out, “I thought that I would never be completely whole again.”       Deaton frowned at that and he knew he’d find the same sentiment mirrored on his partner’s face. Alan addressed his comment first, “Have you been in pain all these months?” He shrugged, “It’s not really pain. More like… a deep ache. A constant discomfort.” Alan dragged a hand over his face, then pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed really loudly. “Jesus, Derek… Why didn’t you tell me?” He shrugged again. There was no point trying to explain himself. They would figure it out anyway.  “I could have examined you again, done more tests, had some x-rays taken back then.”  Stiles stood up abruptly and let go of his hand. He hesitated a second or two then strode purposefully to the door, wrenching it open, spitting “You self sacrificing ass hole,” before slamming the door behind himself. To say he was shocked was putting it lightly. He glanced at Alan only to find the man staring at him with an eyebrow raised, then he nodded towards the door. His brain was slow to catch up because he did not understand what the gesture was supposed to mean. Alan replied to his blank stare, “Go after your mate. I’ll be here, planning how to deal with this.” He scrambled up hurriedly and ran out into the hall. He had no clue where Stile would have gone so he headed towards the exit, hoping to catch up to him.  He found his mate pacing a few feet away from the door, his posture rigid and his hands balled up so tightly his knuckles were white. He studied him a moment, unsure about how to approach as he had no clue why he had reacted the way he did. He watched as he stopped walking, his shoulders slumping as he wiped his face with his sleeve, then stared dejectedly at the ground. He moved forward then, reaching out and enfolding him in a full body hug, sliding a hand along his neck and tangling his fingers in the soft hair at the back of his head, bringing him closer until his forehead was pressed to his shoulder. Stiles sniffled as he snaked his arms around his waist, and they embraced until his wolf was appeased and Stiles had stopped crying.          Stiles’ arms tightened around his middle, his voice muffled against his shirt when he spoke, “You’re such a dick.” He hummed in agreement, “I know,” rubbing large strokes on his back.   “You can’t do stupid shit like this.” Stiles’ squeezed a bit more and he dropped kisses along his temple. “I know.” His mate’s brown eyes were reproachful when he finally lifted his head to look at him. “I mean it Derek, this shit is so not okay.” “I know.” He felt sheepish and knew Stiles would see right through him. “This ends right now. I can’t deal with you wallowing in the past to this extent. You’ve earned the right to be whole and healed. To be loved. And, God, Derek, you are so, so loved.” Stiles eyes were brimming with tears again as he cupped his face in his warm hands, his lips soft against his. He closed his eyes against the onslaught of emotions zinging through their mate bond and whispered, “I’m sorry.”



Chapter 22
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




He was on the phone when they eventually made their way back to his office. He motioned at them to sit then he grabbed a few volumes from the bookshelf and deposited them on the desk. He sat in his chair, jotted down notes on a yellow pad and concluded his call. He was not surprised to see Stiles’ blotchy face and puffy eyes and smiled fondly. He knew how his protégé’s sensitive nature was amplified by his spark and it often manifested to a deeper degree than most people. No mater the emotion, his were always more. Over the years Stiles had managed to control his reactions and how he handled his feelings, but they sometimes trickled out and wreaked havoc on his senses. He had moved his chair closer to Derek and he had Derek’s hand clasped in his, both laying on his thigh.
 
“I need a coffee. Do you want anything?” Derek shook his head, but Stiles nodded. “I’ll take one too, please.” He skyped a request for the drinks to his secretary then pulled a book to himself, flipping it open to a specific chapter. “I was speaking with an Emissary friend from Quebec. She’s from a long line of First Nation healers and has worked with different tribes’ medicine people to find a way to suppress the healing process in Weres in order to perform medical procedures.” Unsurprisingly, Stiles interest was piqued. “Have they managed to do so?” He nodded. “It seems they have. Amalia was telling me they’ve successfully managed to prevent the healing to occur but only for short periods of time. They are working on refining the process to permit longer intervals.” There was a rap at the door, and he rose to let his secretary in. She deposited a tray on his desk and quickly retreated, closing the door behind herself.
 
Stiles leaned forward and grabbed the nearest mug, took as sip then cradled it in both hands. “So, what’s your plan to get this thing out of Derek?” He poured cream in his own cup, stirring a spoonful of sugar in the brew then took a few sips. “I can inquire about the possibility of her flying here but I’m fairly certain we’ll have to take the trip east ourselves. Unless… Can you magically manipulate the metal to extract it?” He glanced at Derek who blanched at the thought, a low whine escaping him. Stiles shook his head, “Derek, no. There’s no way I’d try pulling it out of you through skin and muscles. That’s just…. Ugh… just no,” then shuddered, the idea clearly disturbing. “The only way I’d do that was if it there were no other option, as a last resort thing.”             
  
“Okay. I will call her back and validate what is feasible on her end. This is not immediately life threatening but make sure your passports are valid and that you can leave at a moment’s notice. Stiles, I presume you’ll want to be part of whatever she’ll prepare?” The young man bobbed his head in assent. “Good.”
 
-o-o-
 
Deaton spent the following day planning, coordinating and organising their trip with the Canadians who would take part in the procedure and they were all three boarding a plane for Montreal forty-eight hours later. The flight took a little over five hours and Stiles was almost bouncing around the cabin. Derek managed to sleep for half of that, but Stiles’ nervous energy finally got to be too much, and he exasperatedly tried to find ways to occupy and calm him down. They landed at Pierre-Elliott-Trudeau in the early evening and caught a taxi to their hotel where they took the time to change and shower before Stiles excitedly demanded they experience the nightlife and eat out.
 
They ended up in a restaurant a short walking distance away and were pleasantly surprised to find out that although the province’s main language was French, most people they interacted with were bilingual and spoke English which delighted Stiles who tried to understand the discussions going on around them.  Derek smiled fondly at his antics and, even though his use of the language was rusty, he was able to ask questions and place their orders in French which had Stiles gape in surprise. They enjoyed their meal and, once they had finished, Stiles wanted to soak a bit of the city’s atmosphere. Derek set his GPS and they set out to discover the nightlife. It was still early enough for stores and shops to be open so there was a bustle of activity as they walked around, discovering an assortment of galleries and boutiques, bars and clubs.
 
Although the jet lag was not too pronounced, they still felt the effect of the time difference on their body and they returned to the hotel a little after midnight. Derek was happy that Stiles had insisted they go out as it had taken his mind off of the reason they were here in the first place. Stiles’ excess energy had finally petered out and he fell asleep almost as soon as his head hit the pillow. He spent a few minutes just mapping the moles on his cheek, marveling at how ridiculously long his lashed were before he snuggled closer and followed him into a deep slumber.   
 
 
-o-o-
 
They woke up well rested, albeit slightly disoriented, and had breakfast delivered via room service. Deaton had given them an information packet on the plane, and they went through it again to familiarize themselves with the whole process as they ate. Derek acted as though everything was fine, but his anxiousness was making him abrupt and moody, so Stiles brought out his oils and he set to give him a full body massage which then turned into what Stiles liked to call Intense-Wolfy-Sexy-Times. Derek had rolled his eyes at the mention of IWST but he had not complained when Stiles had settled himself between his legs and managed to make him forget his name.      
 
Deaton had been waiting for them in the lobby for more than ten minutes by the time they met him and if he noticed the beard burns on Stiles neck, well, he did not comment but smirked knowingly. They climbed in the waiting cab and were on their way to the Southshore. Stiles was excitedly staring out the window trying to see as much of the surroundings as possible. They arrived at the Kahnawake Reserve in a little over half an hour and were met by Dr Amalia Hill and her team. As per protocol, they were introduced to the Chief and the elders before being led to the clinic where the procedure would take place. Derek’s wolf had started bristling and Stiles squeezed his hand in support, sending tendrils of magic through their bon to soothe him until some of the tension had abated.    
 
Dr Hill led them to a meeting room where she introduced her team and explained each step of the process and answered any lingering questions. Stiles made sure that he understood his part in the intervention then, after a long look at Derek, had requested that everyone give them a moment. The instant they were alone, Derek pulled him closer, burrowing his nose in the curve of his neck to scent him, calming his wolf and himself in the process. Stiles slid his fingers through the hair at his nape, then pulled his head up and touched their foreheads, softly murmuring an incantation in the space between their lips. Once he was satisfied with how the spell settled and bonded them, he kissed his mate, pulling a satisfied rumble from Derek, before taking a step back and breathing deeply.   
He clasped Derek’s hand in his, asking “Do you still want to do this?”, exiting the room only once Derek nodded. 
 
Dr. Hill was already in scrubs, washing her hands and instructing her team when they entered the operating theater. Derek paused in the doorway and surveyed the room’s activity before squaring his shoulders and moving forward. He was directed to a cubicle where a nurse handed him a gown to change into and he undressed unhurriedly, taking his time folding his clothes to delay the inevitable. The nurse led him to the bed and explained the process again, making sure he had no unanswered questions.
 
He settled on his front, his chest and pelvis supported by pads, face positioned in an opening and his forearms resting on each side of his head. He shut his eyes tightly and tried to breathe evenly. A nurse started attaching electrodes to different points on his body and his nerves suddenly shattered, his wolf whining as his body started trembling. Stiles was at his side in an instant, his hands anchoring him the moment his fingers touched his skin. He turned his head and stared wide eyed at his mate. His pupils were so blown with anguish that only a thin ring of red was visible, indicating how fragile his control was in that moment.
 
Stiles knelt at his side, his hand gently sliding along his back to lay on his neck, thumb rubbing circles on the skin below his ear as he leaned closer and pressed their foreheads together. They breathed slowly until the red in his eyes had bled out. Stiles kissed him then rubbed his cheek along his scruff, leaving his scent on his skin to calm him further.  They were interrupted by Dr Hill gently asking if he wanted to continue with the procedure and Stiles drew back to look at him in an exchange of non-verbal communication. Stiles smiled in reassurance, brushed his lips once again and stood as he confirmed he wanted to go forward.     
 
Dr Hill nodded, then, as it had been explained to them, she and her team started to sing a medicine song in their native language. Derek held no beliefs in such esoteric practices but he had seen many things that had little to no logical explanation so he was open to the possibility that it could be beneficial. He closed his eyes and let himself be carried by the rhythm of their voices, anchoring himself to Stiles magic where his mate’s hands were pressed to his shoulder blades. He breathed steadily, the smell of sage indicating that someone was in the process of purifying the room. The chanting came to an end and there was a moment of pure silence. Dr Hill gave thanks to the spirits then the room erupted in a flurry of activity.    
 
The position he found himself in meant he could not see anything, but he trusted Stiles with his life, so he closed his eyes and gave up control. Something cold was applied to his skin and the tingling sensation that ensued was met with the energy he recognized as Stiles' spark. Warmth suffused his body and blackness engulfed him



Chapter End Notes
I'm wondering if I should detail ( as much as I can without medical knowledge) the operation or skip to Derek waking up ?
Let me know as I am indecisive about how to tackle the next chapter.


Chapter 23



Stiles stood at Derek’s head and surveyed the proceedings with a critical, albeit untrained eye as machines beeped and whirred around him, keeping track of Derek’s vital signs.
 
Dr. Hill picked a scalpel from the tray to her left and made an incision along Derek’s ribcage, murmuring instructions to her team as she worked. He stared as blood welled along the cut, expecting it to start knitting itself closed but it did not. A nurse sponged the blood off with compresses as Dr. Hill attached clamps to the site, keeping it open for easy access.  She then proceeded to cut through muscle and flesh, eventually reaching the bone. A second nurse handed her another tool he was unable to identify, and she meticulously started uncovering the rib until she found the protruding bit of metal.
 
Armed with a pair of surgical pliers she attempted to remove it. She murmured to a nurse to hand her a scalpel which she inserted into Derek’s body. The monitors to his left stared beeping slightly faster and he glanced at it, noticing the numbers growing steadily larger. The anesthetist spewed a bunch of numbers then alarms started ringing and he felt Derek’s muscles bunch up beneath his hands.
 
He pushed down and let his magic flow, sending comfort through their bond as Dr. Hill swore in Mohawk. The room was a cacophony of sounds and loud voices as tasks were hastily performed, Dr. Hill anxiously barking orders. She glanced up at Stiles, her eyes wide above her surgical mask. “Stiles, you need to try and pull it out. The bone has started fusing to it and for some reason I can’t get it out.” 
 
He stared at her, forcing the impending panic attack back down. Derek needed this to be out of him and the already short window was growing shorter by the second. He nodded and closed his eyes, breathing deep and centering himself. He released tendrils of magic, murmuring an incantation in old Gaelic then he released Derek’s shoulders and pressed both palms to the skin around the operating site, letting a current of energy flow in from his left hand and pulling it out with the right. There was more resistance than expected and he concentrated, brow furrowed as he adjusted his spell and worked quickly to release the small triangle from the bone.
 
Dr. Hill grabbed the metal shard with pliers the moment it was free, and they watched as new bone instantly started to grow around the spot it had been embedded in. Muscle and flesh slowly started knitting themselves back together prompting a nurse to quickly remove the clamps so Derek could heal his injury. A collective sigh of relief was heard through the room as Derek’s vital signs gradually returned to normal and a few nervous giggles expressed how everyone had been on the edge.     
 
Stiles rubbed his forehead, shoulders slumping as the excess anxiety drained away and he exhaled slowly in a staccato of short breaths. Dr. Hill laid a hand on his forearm in a friendly gesture of comfort then went about the business completing the operation, making sure that Derek’s anesthetics were dispersing from his body as a nurse cleaned up his back and drew a light blanket over his prone body.
 
He watched with detachment, feeling himself sway in place before crumbling to the floor in a heap of boneless limbs.    
 
 
-o-o-
 
Derek came to slowly. The constant buzzing in the room was annoying and he tried pretending he could not hear it, but it lasted only a few minutes before huffing in displeasure, throwing his arms over his head and stretching his spine. He pushed himself up and rubbed his eyes, feeling a bit disoriented before everything suddenly came back to him in a rush of memories. His heartrate skyrocketed so rapidly it made alarms blare from the monitor on his left. A nurse burst in the room mere seconds later, closely followed by Dr. Hill.  The machine was quickly turned off and the room fell silent. Both women were looking at him expectantly, slow smiles appearing on their faces when it was clear that he had completely recovered.
 
Dr. Hill started asking questions which he answered a bit curtly before cutting her off to inquire about Stiles’ whereabout. “Where is Stiles?” He had told him numerous times that he would be sitting by his bedside when he woke up so the fact that he was absent was unexpected. The only reason he was not having a freak out was that he could feel him through their mate bond, which meant he could not be too far.
 
She filled a glass of water from the pitcher, handing it to him before sitting in the chair. He took a few sips as she told him what happened. “There was a complication during the procedure. I don’t yet know why, but your bone had started to fuse with the metal, and we had a hard time extracting it. Stiles had to step in to release it with some of the more elemental magic he can manipulate. Deaton thinks he was hit by the residual effects of whatever was used to make the blade this damaging. He was far from overexerting himself, yet he fell in a dead faint the moment he completed the spell.” Her calm demeanor and steady heartbeat proved to him that his mate was okay but the need to have him close was overpowering any logical thought and it must have shown on his face.
 
She patted his arm, her expression friendly as she confirmed, “Stop worrying. He’s fine. Well, he does have a nasty bump on his forehead but he’s resting.” She pushed back her chair as she rose and made for the door. “Get dressed and I’ll take you to him.”
 
Flipping the covers, he got out of bed and started dressing hastily, then stepped out into the hallway where Dr. Hill was waiting. She led him down the corridor, motioning for him to enter a dimly lit room. He nodded his thanks and let himself inside. He blinked as his eyes adjusted to the semidarkness, moving closer to Stiles’ supine form sprawled atop the bed. Someone had removed his shoes and draped a thin blanket over his body. He grabbed one of Stiles wide hand in his and checked for any sign of discomfort, finding a bit of what was most probably a dull ache judging by the goose egg above his right eyebrow. The skin had started to bruise around his eye, but his nose was uninjured.
 
Satisfied that his mate was indeed doing okay, he kissed his forehead before exiting the room in search of Dr Hill and Allan. He needed to know what had been on that blade, or at least a plan to get the information and he would not get it by sitting on his ass waiting for Stiles to surface, which could take minutes or days. He hopped it was the former and not the latter.



Chapter 24



Alan and Dr. Hill were in an animated discussion when he found them. The clinic had a small but well-equipped lab and that is where they were currently conducting tests on what he was sure was the sliver of metal that had been extracted from his body. They were standing at a counter located under a vent hood and tinkering with equipment and chemicals that he couldn’t even pronounce the names of. Alan noticed him approach and smiled, clasping his shoulder in acknowledgment. “It’s good to see you up. How are you feeling?” He shrugged and peered over his shoulder to see what they were doing. “I’ve had that thing inside of me for so long, I honestly am not sure if my body knows it’s out.“ Deaton nodded, “It makes sense that you need to expel whatever’s left of the toxins from your system and I expect it could take a while. I want to reassess this in a few days.” He dipped his head, agreeing to the checkup. ”Sure. So, what did you find?” Dr. Hill was the one who took the lead and explained what little they had been able to discover. “Unfortunately, not much. The metal is an alloy, but we don’t have the right equipment to analyze all its components. It was either laced with some type of poison when it was forged, but I doubt that since the heat would burn through whatever they would have used. I suspect that the blade was dipped in a solution of aconite, mistletoe and other agents that made it poisonous but not lethal. Unless you didn’t die because of other factors such as your Alpha spark and having Alan treat you as soon as he did.”  “Actually, that’s not quite it.” He glanced over at the door to see Stiles entering. He looked haggard. His face was pale and swollen, the bruise already turning a vivid shade of purple, but he smiled softly, snuggling closer and rubbing his forehead against his cheek in what was clearly meant to soothe his wolf. He instinctually pulled his pain from where he had slipped a hand under the hem of his t-shirt then hugged him to his side. Stiles wound an arm around his waist, letting him bear some of his weight    “You will find a cocktail of chemicals and plants that was used to coat the knife, but it was also heavily enchanted with a dormant strain of old magic. I don’t think that they had planned for the tip of the blade to break off like it did, but the intent was to incapacitate you. The spell that was used is like,” He paused, searching for the right analogy, “on a loop, I guess? It was designed to continuously renew itself, enabling it to slowly disable you. Only, it did not fully work since you’re still standing, albeit not at one hundred percent, but still. I didn’t recognize the spell itself, but I managed to break it apart fairly easily.”   Deaton was taking notes, nodding in assent as Stiles confirmed his and Dr. Hill’s findings. “I still want to do a full examination in a few days, just to be sure that your healing has kicked in completely. Amalia will conduct a battery of tests on your blood samples if you’re okay with that?” He hesitated, ill at ease with the idea that some of his DNA was out in the open like that. Stiles must have felt his discomfort because he piped up with his own demands. “With all due respect, we are not entirely comfortable with that. How can we trust that his sample will not be used against him? I don’t know you and my trust is not easily given where my mate is concerned. What safeguards do you intend to put in place if we accept?”       He kept his features blank but concentrated on her heartbeat and scent as she smiled in understanding. “I vow on my ancestors to have no nefarious plans to use any component from that vial against you. Derek, you can attest that my heartbeat has not skipped, indicating that I have not lied. Stiles, I accept that you put up a failsafe in order to ensure that I mean no harm to your mate. I understand the depth of trust needed here and, to be honest, I expect I would do the exact same thing were I in your position.”    Stiles looked at him, face pinched in slight annoyance, then back at them before pulling on his arm dragging him out the door, throwing, ”Excuse us a moment, we’ll be right back”, over his shoulder. He led him outdoors and to the side of the building where a copse of maples offered some shade. Once there he cupped his face in both hands and touched their foreheads. Stiles took a moment to organize his thoughts then raised his head to lock eyes with him, thumbs brushing his cheek bones absentmindedly. “I’m thorn between wanting to know and hating them having any part of your DNA on file.” His hands slid down in a caress until one rested on his shoulder and the other on his jaw, thumb sliding along his bottom lip distractingly.     Green eyes searched cinnamon, knowing that Stiles would stand by his decision even if it went against his beliefs. “I actually don’t care either way, but I know you do, even if only to be prepared for the eventuality of something like this ever happening again. You decide how you want to tackle this.”  Stiles was alternating between biting the inside of his cheek and licking his lips repeatedly as he formulated his plan, then he started pacing under the canopy of the trees, his mind going a mile a minute. It took longer than expected but he eventually stopped in his tracks and smiled, grabbing at his arm to pull him along back inside.    Alan and Amalia were exactly where they left them, analyzing their findings in the lab. Stiles barged in, tugging on his hand and he plonked himself on a stool. ”As you probably expect, I need to know what was in that mixture but there is no way we’re leaving Derek’s blood samples lying around.” He sent a sheepish smile to Amalia. ”Once you’ve taken what you need to run the tests, I will render the remaining of the contents sterile, removing any and all markers that could identify or be used against him.”      Dr. Hill picked up a couple of vials and handed them to him. “I had an inkling that you’d ask for these. I used only the necessary amount and I have not identified Derek by name or status as to keep his identity anonymous. Alan can vouch for that as he was with me the whole time. That being said, I understand your concerns and even though you can trust me implicitly, you have to come to that conclusion yourself.” She glanced in Alan’s direction, the man nodding at something they must have discussed previously. “I know who you are, Stiles. I have heard the stories, so I know what you are capable of.  Alan has convinced me to agree to let you spell me in whatever way you wish if it gives you peace of mind.” Something eased in his chest and Derek squeeze his fingers in reassurance. “I won’t lie, I do have ulterior motives for wanting the data myself, but it has everything to do with wanting to help my patients and not monetary gain.” She smiled again. “Let’s be honest, if that was the case, I would not be practicing in this Tribe clinic and driving myself around in a car that’s older than my teenaged son.”    Stiles breathed deeply, exhaling through his mouth. “Okay, what do you propose?”  ~ They come to a simple agreement: Stiles put in place a spell that prevented Dr Hill from being able to talk about her findings with any one but Alan, Derek or himself. He also heavily warded the clinic against any person with malicious or hostile intentions as a protection for the personnel. The whole thing took a little over two hours and was facilitated by the tribe’s Medicine woman’s stores of plants and herbs and Alan’s Emissary knowledge.    Stiles considered Dr. Hill a new ally and had the feeling they could become great friends, so they exchanged phone numbers and emails before taking a cab back to Montreal. They dozed off while Alan got caught up reading his messages. They arrived at their hotel a little before seven pm and he announced that he was not in any condition to go out for dinner.  Deaton retreated to his own room and Derek ordered room service which they ate in bed while they watched a bit of tv. They snuggled together and Stiles fell asleep shortly after having finished eating. Derek turned the tv off an hour later, pulling Stiles’ pain before his own exhaustion pulled him under.



Chapter 25
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Isaac picked them up from the airport two days later and drove them straight at home. He had taken one look at Stiles’ face and had not asked to spend some time with his Alpha, but Derek had indulged in a short hugging session to compensate, leaving his scent all over his neck and shirt. Isaac pulled back with a frown, saying, “You smell weird”, before he could stop himself. Derek chuckled, “It’s probably the meds and toxins I have yet to expel.” The beta shook his head. “No, I do smell that but it’s something else. It’s not bad, just slightly different than what your scent typically is.” Derek shrugged, “I suspect it will be off for a few days yet, but Deaton wants to see me later this week, so we’ll see how things stand.” They talked a bit longer, Derek inviting him for dinner the following evening before they took their leave.  He entered the house, almost tripping over the suitcases that Stiles had left in the entry way and followed his mate’s steady heartbeat to their bedroom.  Stiles had taken a quick shower, evidenced by the droplets of water still beading on his bare skin, and had flopped face first on the bed and promptly fell asleep atop the comforter.  He shook his head as he headed in the en-suite for a much-needed shower, making short work of ridding himself of the smell of strangers that clung to him due to the airplane's recycled air. He rubbed a towel over his hair and most of his body before dropping it on the floor then shuffled back to the bedroom.   He manhandled Stiles' sleep deadened body until he could pull the bedding over him then slipped behind him, spooning his lithe frame and sighed in contentment.He fell in a deep, dream free sleep between one breath and the next.  -o-o- Derek had wrangled a promise out of Stiles that he would not try to read his colours until he was ready and asked for it himself. To say that his mate had not been happy about that was a euphemism. He promptly reminded him that if he had done so a year ago, he’d have noticed something was wrong and could have taken action to fix things earlier. He had held his ground until Stiles relented, grumbling about ungrateful bastards and slamming doors on his way to sulk in the office. He‘d had to discipline himself, trying not to dissect his reflection in the mirror every time he shaved was proving harder than expected, but he managed as he did not want to start seeing things that were not there. Life picked up where they had left it, with Stiles working his shop and him helping with the bookkeeping. He felt content and grateful for how things were growing and blossoming around them and he happily settled into these feelings. -o-o- Stiles held on to his promise, but he was too perceptive for his own good and he noticed things. He saw many minute changes in his wolf, how the sallowness of his skin was replaced by a much healthier tan, how his hair now shone in the sun, how his hazel eyes held so much more brightness than before and how the tightness around his mouth was replaced by smile lines. He noticed how much more confident he was in himself, how comfortable he was as his skin stretched to fit his body perfectly instead of being a too large container that held his bones. He stood tall and proud and embraced his Alphahood and he was magnificent. He noticed every little detail and it filled him with so much love he often had to discharge the overflow into the preserve in case he accidentally set sparks alight in the house again. -o-o- Stiles had been in a funk for the last two days, complaining about how Ms. Gibbs was being difficult and how there was so much he could do with bay leaves. Derek tried to steer clear of the office, the shop and the garden if Stiles was there. The man was a menace when crabby and weird thing tended to happen without him even noticing so he stayed as far away as possible.   It was around noon on the third day when he decided he’d had enough of Stiles’ whining and moaning. He made a plateful of sandwiches and a pitcher homemade lemonade and brought lunch as an offering to appease the monster inhabiting his mate.  The door was ajar so he hip-checked it and slowly pushed inside to see Stiles coming down the stepladder, a thick volume he’d pulled from the top shelf of the bookcase in hand. He sat in his chair, dropping the book on the tabletop as he pulled himself forward, making a cloud of fine dust billow around his face. A strange expression danced on Stiles’ features before a loud, resonating sneeze exploded out of his lungs. He was so deeply startled that green shoots sprouted from the papers laying on the desk, and he stared owlishly at the unfurling leaves and unmistakable white bell-shaped flowers of lily of the valley. Derek snorted, depositing the tray on the chair closest to him then started chuckling.  Stiles’ mouth was still hanging open and he was looking decidedly surprised, his caramel eyes blinking stupidly, and Derek lost it. He laughed so hard his face turned red and his cheeks hurt, and Stiles was still looking like a deer caught in headlights which had him howling at the ridiculousness of the situation. He giggled for a few minutes, wiping his eyes as his belly ached, abruptly stopping when he glanced up to see Stiles crying, big fat tears gathering along his lashes then rolling down his cheeks. His bottom lip was trembling, and he looked so small in that instant that Derek’s heart squeeze tightly in his chest. He dropped besides Stile chair and pulled him in a bone crushing embrace, rubbing his back as he cooed softly in his hair. “Babe, what’s wrong?” Stiles sniffled and hugged tighter, his body shaking as his emotions overflowed. ”Honey, talk to me. Please, tell me what’s got you twisted up like this?” Stiles hid his face in the crook of his neck until he calmed down enough to talk coherently, then leaned back and smiled tremulously at him. Derek wiped the tears from his cheeks with his thumbs and waited. “It’s… it’s you. It’s- I-… I’ve never heard you laugh before. And it’s the most beautiful sound in the world. And I didn’t understand the stupid flowers. But now I know and it’s beautiful and I love you so damn much it’s almost painful.” He snorted inelegantly, a soft wondrous smile on his lips and Derek had no clue what he was talking about. “I’ve laughed before, Stiles.” He frowned when his mate shook his head negatively. He tried to think about the last time he’d laughed and came up blank. “Babe, you smile, sure, but this deep belly laugh? That was the first time I’ve heard that. And I will find so many ways to make you laugh like that again because it’s the best sound in the entire universe.”   They leaned into each other, hugging and kissing, and reveling in the fact that Derek was okay. -o-o- Later that evening they laid in bed after a deep, slow session of lovemaking and Derek remembered the flowers and the offhand comment Stiles had made. He ran his fingers slowly up and down Stiles arm and murmured “What did you mean about the flowers?” Stiles grunted, half asleep and he turned so he could snuggle against his chest. “I did not understand why they, out of any other organic option, sprouted from letter sized sheets of paper.” Derek frowned against the crown of Stiles head. “But why?” Stiles leaned back until he could stare into his eyes and Derek swore he could feel his love pierce it’s way into his soul as he replied “It’s simple. Lily of the valley means a return to happiness.”         



Chapter End Notes
I am not satisfied with this chapter.I might rework it and add a bit of content.Let me know what you think. Does it flow with the rest of the story or does it feel disjointed?ConCrit is welcome !Thanks for reading!



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



