



A Fashion Story - daiso - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

A Fashion Story
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/10655061.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Kim Taehyung | V/Park Jimin, Jeon Jungkook/Park Jimin, Jeon Jungkook/Kim Taehyung | V
Character:
Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Min Yoongi | Suga, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Kim Seokjin | Jin
Additional Tags:
Modeling, Enemies to Friends, Alternate Universe - Fashion & Models, Magazine Company, Recreational Drug Use, Model Kim Taehyung | V, Model Jeon Jungkook, Slow Burn, Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism, Minor Yoonmin - Freeform, minor jihope, Minor Violence, Unresolved Sexual Tension, Mild Sexual Content, Asexual Kim Taehyung | V, aromantic jungkook, Emotional Hurt/Comfort, jimin loves humiliation, Objectification
Stats:

        Published: 2017-04-17
          Completed: 2017-05-20
          Chapters: 8/8
        Words: 30978
      

A Fashion Story
by daiso (orphan_account)
Summary

This was previously titled "The Devil Wears Gucci"

Notes
**The revised version of this story is now up!**  hey everyone! I know House of 8 has been stagnant for a very long time, but that is because a little after I posted chapter two, I started doing deep research for another title coming out soon, and then I fell into a really bad season of anxiety and depression for a little bit, THEN my wifi got cut off, so TL:DR, I just lost a lot of determinition for the story HOWEVER.I started Chapter 4 for that story before my wifi cut off, so it will be up momentarily! I still have ideas for it so it's not over, but it will be a little bit before it updates again.I hope you enjoy this story! I fell into the fashion world and it comforted me while I was dealing with anxiety so I present a story straight off the rack. Enjoy!




Angelic Stranger



"Two what?"  Hoseok heavily sighed on the other line."Four, soy caramel lattes, decaf, no fat."Jimin furrowed his brows at the distant sound of Hoseok’s voice through the heavy crowd, working his way through two women dressed in black fur coats walking cocker spaniels before he made it to the door of Starbucks and nearly threw himself inside."U-uh, ok. Two coffe—""Four, Park Jimin, four! Soy caramel decaf nonfat lattes, and you need to be back in ten minutes. He’s almost done shooting."A break of sweat started of Jimin’s forehead and his palms went cold, that familiar piercing cut of anxiety crushing through the pit of his stomach.Two weeks ago, Jimin was laying down in his bed staring at the ceiling eating a bag of white cheddar puffs while season 1 of America’s Next Top Model played on his TV, the season he’s watched six times total and was working to get that lucky seven. Exactly a week later, he was rushing to wipe bread crumbs from the side of his mouth as he ran down the street from the subway directly into Dulcet Kalon, the high end fashion magazine company located on 59th Avenue, right in Manhattan.Never had Jimin thought that he’d be working this summer, let alone, in one of the most couture high fashion companies in the world.Before his junior year of college ended, Jimin had signed himself up to be considered to work at local magazine and fashion corporations, as a part of a summer program offered by his school, the Fashion Institute of Technology. He had signed back in December, and by May, it was something he had completely forgotten about. Plus, it was never something he thought that he’d be able to do, as selected individuals were some of the top in the class, and Jimin never considered himself to be even close.But like a sweet surprise, Jimin had gotten a call from his school counselor that he had gotten chosen, and he had gotten chosen for the company everyone had wanted.Dulcet Kalon, or, Sweet Beauty, as it can be translated to literally meaning, is one of the biggest fashion and beauty blockbusters in the world, let alone the country. A fashion magazine and a modeling agency mixed together, DK has specialized for decades branding some of the most successful models society has ever seen, let alone having some of the prettiest magazine covers. Not only are they a couture fashion corporation, but they’re sister to Vogue, as they’re both under Conde Nast. A chance to intern here is a direct ticket to being able to work at any fashion journalism related company in the world, and here Jimin was, chosen to do it.Of course, it was an amazing opportunity, and the people there were great. He got his own desk right across from Jung Hoseok, the senior two-year employee who was shadowing Jimin for the two month span he was going to be there. But, there was one person there who Jimin was scared of every time he saw them, and that was the most infamous model in the label.Kim Taehyung, the "Prince" of the company, the "Diva," or his most used label, the "Devil." Jimin didn’t know much about him, he rarely ever saw him and if he did, it was a few second passerby on their floor or walking out the building in an expensive fur coat on his way to his limo.But, even though he was nearly a ghost to the floor, Jimin had found himself being scared of him, and it didn’t help that he was almost on every cover displayed in the building. Taehyung was one of their best models, if not unbiasedly the best, and he was endorsed and sponsored by several brands, including his personal favorites Gucci and Puma. Even though Taehyung is an independent model, he is still loyal to Dulcet, and comes back more often than any of the models who are free signed.While as successful as he is, it isn’t hard to be aware of the presence that is created whenever Taehyung enters a room. Everyone looks away, walks the other direction, stops what they’re saying, hides their food, or goes to another room. In the least, Jimin knows he isn’t the only one who feels a weird air whenever he sees him; it’s almost like he can’t ever look directly at him.According to Hoseok, people don’t treat Taehyung that way for no reason. His attitude matches his nicknames; he is a diva paired with a naturally sharp tongue and a gaze that could scare hundreds. He’s not scared to say what’s on his mind and be brutally honest, and he has the looks to back him up. The only real downside, is that because of this, Taehyung has never had a longterm assistant, which is the norm for every model to function properly, especially in DK. Every assistant has either quit because they can’t keep up with Taehyung’s requests, or are fired because they looked the wrong way (which actually happened). The longest one he’s had lasted for four months, and the story about that one is super hush hush, so Jimin’s never asked. But since several people want to work at the company, they always give them that job."It’s the ‘garbage’ job," Hoseok once told Jimin at his desk rearranging a stack of papers."Anyone who wants to work here always starts with that job after something small like cleaning or front desk. They only last like two weeks, it’s a game of quit or be fired, and quit usually wins."Thankfully, Jimin has missed that whole loophole and gets to work at the 22nd floor at his desk, minding his business and taking care of small tasks.Which is exactly why when Jimin woke up and finally got to work on time did he almost faint when Hoseok told him he needed to get coffee for Kim Taehyung.His assistant this time called in-sick (which is a direct way of getting fired), and there was no one to get his early daily fix of Starbuck’s coffee in the morning; not before Hoseok or Namjoon could come in to still in for a day until another assistant was assigned.Jimin had tried avoiding communicating or doing any work for Taehyung as much as he could, but yet here he was, first week on the job, doing the exact thing he tried to avoid.Barely managing the phone against his ear as he shifted through the crowd and stepped inside of the Starbucks, Jimin walked himself straight into the line and let out a deep breath."Yeah, sure, got it.""Repeat it back."Jimin pulled back to look at the time on his phone before putting it back to his ear."Four cappuccinos, I’ll be back as soon as possible.""Four soy lat–!"Exact second, a bulk body bumped into Jimin from the back and his phone went sailing to the floor, making an annoyingly loud clatter, and to his worst fear, ending the call."Shit,"Feeling the color leave his face, Jimin leaned down and quickly picked the phone up, first checking for the call than looking for any possible scratches. Completely annoyed, Jimin turned to the culprit who had bumped into him angrily."Can you act like you have two fucki—"There were two things Jimin could do at this second. He could close his mouth and turn around as if nothing happened, or he could continue to stare at the incredible piece of art that was staring directly back at him.A sharp cut jawline was the first thing Jimin saw, next to a pair of dark round brown eyes that looked back at him curiously. He was tan, whomever he was, and was wearing a leather jacket with something that looked like sheep fur around the lining and hoodie, a dark black shirt underneath, next to some leather pants and some boots. Aside from his out of season attire, his hair was dark and parted to the side and shined beautifully even under the horrible fluorescent lights. He had not one imperfection on his skin, and before Jimin could stare any longer, his concentration broke when the stranger smiled."Excuse me." He said, and Jimin blinked his eyes twice and looked down at the floor."Oh, uh, s-sorry."Jimin started to turn around but his voice stopped him."I wasn’t paying attention when I walked in. I’m sorry about your phone, I hope it didn’t get scratched or cracked or anything."It was as if Jimin had completely forgotten about his phone in the seconds he had seen him, and he glanced down at it and looked up at the man."No its fine, the phone is ok."The man’s smile reached his eyes, and Jimin admired his nicely fit and small buttoned nose. Jimin started to turn around again before he was stopped."I hope this isn’t inappropriate to ask, but do you work at Dulcet Kalon?"Jimin looked back at him and lifted an eyebrow. He wasn’t wearing the ID tag around his neck or had any obvious signs of identifications to the company, so how the unknown man knew he worked for DK was beyond Jimin, but he was pretty so he was going to let it slide."Uh, yeah, matter of fact I do."The man nodded at this with a light smile."Cool."Raising an eyebrow slightly, Jimin turned around and unlocked his phone, looking for any missed calls or text messages from Hoseok, but nothing. He could have single handedly accidently just gotten himself fired, and the mere thought of that happening was enough to make him sick. But he had to at least get this right, he couldn’t have the call end prematurely and show up with the wrong order of coffees. If only he could remember what Hoseok said the first time, it seemed like everyone at work talked so fast and Jimin couldn’t keep up at all."Thre—no four, four…lowfat? Nonfat. No, low fat."Jimin stopped himself and placed a hand over his face in frustration, and his anxiety grew worse when the line moved up, and there was one more person in front. If only he could just hear it one more time, there was no way he was about to allow himself to stand in front of this cashier and stutter on his own words for what he needed to order."Four…lowfat, c-chai?"Just as Jimin had whispered that to himself, the line moved up again and now he was face to face with the cashier.Nervously wringing his fingers together, Jimin cracked a half-smile at the female who smiled back at him."Hello, how may I help you?"Quickly, Jimin fumbled with his phone and unlocked it as if the answer was laid right there before him. Well, maybe it technically was, he could easily call Hoseok but he would need to go to the back of the line; he couldn’t just call someone while people waited behind him. On top of that, he needed to be back within 10 minutes, and Starbucks was a nice 4 minute walk alone from the building."I believe it’s four soy caramel nonfat decaf lattes."The young man from behind Jimin nodded at the cashier with a star-stellar smile as she glanced between the two for confirmation."Is that your order sir?" she asked Jimin, and taken back by the mystery man’s sudden inquiry, he snapped his head to the cashier and flashed a grin."Yes, yes it is."Just as he had turned to say thank you, the man was already out the door and back into the busy summer NYC street, gone into the crowd.



Have You Ever Seen the Devil Sad?
Chapter Notes
Warnings// Mentions of alcohol and alcohol use.hey! I thank you guys for the feedback for this story, iM SO thankful some of you enjoy it so far! One thing I want to point out, the company is pronounced: Dull-sset Kal-on.And there's a bit of Yoonmin in this chapter, but nothing much! I apologize for any writing errors that I might not have seen while proofreading, but none the less enjoy!



With only a minute to spare under the time frame he was given, Jimin had managed to make it inside of the ground floor of Dulcet Kalon’s elevator with a good thirty seconds left and prayed that the quarters were busy enough that no one would notice he was late. For a Monday, everyone seemed a little more alert than usual. Jimin could only imagine it was this way because of the fact Taehyung had no assistant, which seemed to affect the entire building.Taking the elevator to the twenty-second floor, Jimin watched as a rack of clothes sped past his line of vision the second the doors parted.He walked down to the other pair of glass doors and with one hand, reached to take out his security card of identification, and pressed it against the electric lock as it scanned the barcode. Once cleared, the gates opened and Jimin walked inside and into the modern white interior that was adorned with white stone flooring so polished he could see his reflection. Sitting at front desk reception was Nancy, who greeted Jimin with a soft nod as he picked up her familiar scent of Juicy Couture fragrance.Down the hallway, Jimin crossed into the next large section of space where his and Hoseok desks were located. They worked quietly next to a large window that displayed the street below with an all-white interior that matched the rest of the floor. Most of the time, their days were quiet. Not many people crossed into their section, but if they did, it was to give Hoseok some work, share a few spare minutes of idle talk, or use the water cooler which apparently has the best quality in the building.Walking over to his round glass desk, Jimin sat down the four cups of coffee and scanned the room for any signs of Hoseok or Namjoon. Namjoon was another employee who worked in a different section on the floor, but him and Hoseok were good friends so Jimin had grown used to seeing him often.Turning around to the sound of the glass doors opening, Jimin watched as a young man waltzed in with dark glossy short brown hair in a side part, a white tucked-in long sleeved shirt that was unbuttoned by two at the top; revealing a golden tan chest, with a pair of black slacks and some matching loafers. Hoseok took another bite of the muffin that was in his hand and nodded at Jimin with a tight smile, a stack of papers in his opposite hand.‘’Good morning!’’ Jimin chirped, and immediately frowned at the sound of his too-happy-than-necessary voice.‘’Good morning,’’ Hoseok replied, with a much less enthusiastic tone.‘’Taehyung will be here shortly. He’s in an impromptu meeting right now with, you guessed it, Namjoon.’’Jimin bit his lip as he stood in front of his desk and watched Hoseok drop the stack of papers in his hand and take one last bite of the muffin, engulfing it all. Jimin could already tell Namjoon wasn’t too happy about being Taehyung’s assistant for the day, especially on a Monday. Hoseok had told Jimin that him, Namjoon, and Taehyung were all on friendly terms, but that Namjoon had a bit more of a difficult time with the younger with his attitude. It wasn’t hard for Jimin to tell it created some arguments in the past.Hoseok sat down at his desk and moved the cursor to his desktop and nodded at the coffees by Jimin.‘’You can just keep those there for now. I don’t know how long this ‘meeting’ is going to last, so just make sure you don’t accidentally push them off your desk or something.’’Jimin nodded and turned to his desk and sat down. Usually, he waited for Hoseok to tell what him what he needed to. The basics of what he took care of as an intern was checking the company e-mail, making copies, answering calls/writing down messages, and fetching food, coffee, or anything needed. The most exciting errand he got to do so far was go to Tom Ford and choose ‘’3 pairs of pants,’’ with no specific in size, color, or style whatsoever and use the company American Express card. But as of the late morning, Jimin’s usual tasks were to a zero, which was strange especially when the entire building seemed to be two seconds from popping off like a soda can.Stealing one last glance at Hoseok, Jimin turned on his computer and ran the program software for solitaire. All he had to do was watch the coffee.Around two minutes later, the double doors opened again, and Jimin craned his neck around to see Kim Namjoon walk in. A tall lean man, who could easily be a model himself, Namjoon was a senior employee in the editor division; he had been working for around four years now, and knew the basics of the company like the back of his hand. He also had a great fashion sense, and as for working in the editing department in charge of the magazines distribution, he could easily hop into a photoshoot if he wanted.Today, Namjoon was wearing a light blue long-sleeved shirt that was cuffed at the elbows with white pants and a black Gucci belt Jimin quickly caught eye of. At his feet were light brown loafers and his dark brown hair was combed to the back in a clean, but not too ‘’primped’’ fashion, which gave him a cool casual gait. However, despite his charming seasonal attire, his face was blank, which only meant he was upset, and Jimin hated to be in any line of vision when Namjoon was upset.‘’Hoseok,’’ he deadpanned, and that one sentence was enough to make Jimin’s stomach drop.He closed the solitaire tab and glanced at Hoseok, who looked up from the paper he was writing on and narrowed his eyes at Namjoon through his thick black square glasses.‘’Vina didn’t call in sick, she was fired.’’Hoseok took off his glasses quickly and frowned up at Namjoon.‘’What?’’At that, Namjoon dropped the pieces of several glossy HD pictures in his hand onto Hoseok’s desk carelessly and spread them a part.He didn’t say a word, but Jimin watched as Hoseok’s face twisted into a form of shock mixed with anger.‘’He’s back.’’ Namjoon said, and a thick silence swallowed the room.Who was back?Jimin was nearly itching to know just how could one person have the two most stoic and professional members in the building look this upset.‘’What the hell is he doing back.’’ Hoseok hissed, and it came out more as a statement than a question. Namjoon helplessly shrugged his broad shoulders.‘’That’s what everyone is trying to figure out. The fucker said he wasn’t coming back until January, so why is he nearly six months early?’’Hoseok gave one last stare at the pictures before he suddenly pushed them away and looked back at his work.‘’Get that shit away from me.’’ He growled, but Namjoon put his hands on Hoseok’s desk and leaned down closer to him.‘’You know what this means if he finds out?’’The atmosphere in the room had suddenly faded into a thick air that almost made it impossible to breathe, but Jimin couldn’t help but watch as Hoseok turned away from Namjoon further and frowned down at his work.‘’You might as well have invited Perez Hilton for breakfast, no scandal necessary.’’Namjoon gathered the pictures and started to walk away before Hoseok suddenly slammed his fist down on the desk.‘’What you might as well do is count the seconds before this entire building crumbles down to pieces because he’s going to find out, and you’re going to be the one to tell him!’’Namjoon stopped at the door and turned around quickly.‘’His meeting is done now, he went back to his office. I know by the time he walks back out, he’s going to set this place on fire.’’Stopping at the entrance with one door open, Namjoon nodded at Hoseok with a sympathetic sigh.‘’It was nice knowing you.’’Once he was gone, Hoseok let out an aggravated sigh and threw his pen down and leaned back in his chair, stretching his arms above his head and groaning loudly.Jimin wanted to ask, but he didn’t want to intrude on matters that weren’t his business. But then again, whatever it was, it was affecting the whole place, and those pictures held the reason for it.‘’Just who the hell does that kid think he is?’’ Hoseok whispered, and Jimin looked to his desktop and brought back the solitaire tab.Just as he did so, Hoseok called Jimin’s name and he instantly closed the program off and stood.‘’Yes?’’‘’Go take those coffees to Taehyung’s office. It’s on this floor, Nancy or someone will show you where it is if you ask.’’As if his stomach could drop any lower, Jimin blinked his eyes once and widened them as Hoseok turned back to writing away, oblivious to the paleness of fear etched over Jimin’s face.‘’Excuse me?’’Clearly annoyed, Hoseok stared up at Jimin and furrowed his brows.‘’Go take those coffees to Taehyung’s office, all four of them. And do it now before they get too cool because I most definitely don’t want to hear that shit.’’Seeing as Hoseok closed the door to any further questions, Jimin cleared his throat and wiped his sweating palms on the back of his black pants and stood up, grabbing the grey cupholder of the four coffees and making his way out of the room.Why did it seem like everything this morning was going bad? Why couldn’t he get one single thing to go his way? First his phone falling and ending the call; which thankfully Hoseok was too busy to notice, then running late back to work, now having to go and be inside of the same room as the devil himself?Jimin frowned as he walked down the hallway and mentally hit himself on the head. He shouldn’t be anywhere near short of unhappy for being able to have an opportunity like this, let alone to even breathe inside of this company. His comrades and classmates only dreamed of being able to go inside of Dulcet Kalon, and at the twenty-second floor, Jimin was one step away from the place where all the magic was created; the Photoshoot Floor, or the famous ‘’Twenty-Third’’ floor where all the haute couture pieces were kept and all the models took their shoots at.But even though Jimin forced himself to digest that truth, he still couldn’t quiet the bubbling broth of fear that seemed to get hotter the closer to the front reception desk he got. With legs that felt like they were going to give away at any second, Jimin turned to Nancy with the best half smile he could make and cleared his throat.‘’Hi Nancy, where is Kim Taehyung’s office?’’Turning her attention from the desktop keyboard in front of her, Nancy flashed a pristine and perfect straight smile at Jimin before pointing down the hallway.‘’It’s down back on the left and the second door on the right.’’Jimin stomached down a nod and thanked her quickly, praying she couldn’t notice the break of nervousness in his voice that made him sound like a small child.Any one of his classmates from the Institute could easily do this job, were probably even made more for it than Jimin was. Yet he knew he was chosen for a reason but he couldn’t seem to understand why. He was a good student, but he felt mediocre compared to his greater peers who ate and breathed Dulcet Kalon every single day of their life. What did Jimin do to deserve it?But he was in anyways, and had no choice but to represent his school; he didn’t want to come back in the fall with a bad experience on his tongue to tell.Walking down to the quiet narrow hallway, Jimin scanned the gold plaques in front of the doors and saw the names of other admirable models in the company he’s only heard vaguely from time to time, which also included the Russian and German names he found difficult to pronounce but was still learning. Down one more door on the right, Jimin’s eyes immediately latched on to the row of Hangul letters he recognized immediately, the ‘’KIM TAEHYUNG’’ in black cursive made him swallow hard, and his steps came to a hard stop.There was no one in the hallway, and the traces of anyone nearby on the floor were out of eyesight, and Jimin wished Hoseok or Namjoon accompanied him so he wouldn’t have to awaken the beast from its dungeon alone. But Jimin didn’t have time to stall, the coffee was only going to be hot for so long and he was in the building long enough to know Taehyung didn’t like warm coffee.Inhaling a deep breath, Jimin raised his sweating hand into a fragile fist and softly knocked on the door, frowning at the sound disrupting the void of silence in the hallway.He held his breath, and waited for of a reply from the door, but exhaled when he didn’t hear one.Jimin knocked again, this time a bit more forcefully, before he heard a daggered baritone reply that made a cold sweat break over his body.‘’Who is it?’’Pausing, Jimin let a few seconds of silence slip before he cleared his throat quickly.‘’U-uh, Park Jimin…sir.’’
‘’Sir’’? What the fuck?!
‘’I mean, K-Kim Taehyung. With your…uh, c-coffees.’’Jimin balled his fist and placed it against his forehead and cursed under his breath. At this rate he was going to be sent back onto the streets of NYC with no job.Suddenly, the door opened with a cold wind and Jimin directed his eyes to the floor, his heart racing faster when the sight of a pair of black snake boots appeared in his line of vision.He raised his eyes slowly and quickly casted them back down again, pushing the holder of coffees closer into the younger’s space.‘’Y-your coffees, sir-I mean! Kim T-Taehyung.’’But Jimin didn’t feel the coffees leaving his hands, and he slowly brought his eyes up only to widen them in surprise.The same Kim Taehyung Jimin had seen countless times on TMZ, front page covers, tabloids, and online gossip columns, was not the same one he was staring back at right now. Instead of the usual bright and glossy brown eyes Jimin always saw, instead they were bloodshot, red and puffy, the telltale evidence of crying Jimin knew too well. The model’s short brown hair was messily combed, a few strands covering his eyes into his round glossy glasses, and he looked down at Jimin with a grey cast shadowing his sharp cut face.Jimin wanted to ask what was wrong, but immediately his memory snapped to the conversation Hoseok and Namjoon had minutes ago, and wondered if that had anything to do with the mood he was in right now.‘’Aren’t you going to come in?’’Jimin jumped at Taehyung’s voice, the mellow and low pitch surprising him once again even if he had heard it before. He glanced into the dark room behind and looked at Taehyung curiously.‘’E-excuse me?’’Seeing as Jimin couldn’t work his mind to form a response, Taehyung stepped to the side of the door and pointed to the dark ebony desk behind him.‘’Just set them over there.’’Nearly paralyzed in shock, Jimin glanced at Taehyung again before he forced his feet to move into the room and stopped at the desk, nearly gasping in surprise when he heard the door close softly behind him. There was soft jazz music playing from the computer, and a hazel scent of vanilla encompassing his senses.‘’You don’t have a place to be or anything?’’ Jimin asked, watching as Taehyung shuffled over in his black furry Gucci slippers to the office chair behind the desk and sat down, shaking his head effortlessly.‘’No, I don’t.’’Confused, Jimin glanced back at the door and the two lounge chairs at the front of the desk and back to Taehyung, who was now taking one of the coffees out from the holder and opening one of the drawers beside him, receiving a plastic straw and stabbing it inside of the cup.‘’Sit down.’’Jimin nearly threw himself into the nearest seat and a rush of heat flourished over his face at how quickly he was submitting to Taehyung’s order’s.But he didn’t understand why in the world Taehyung wanted Jimin, the newbie kid with the internship, to come inside of his office, let alone sit down. Jimin thought Taehyung would be much too busy in photoshoots, shopping in Times Square, or rubbing shoulders with some of the hottest models in New York.Yet, the Taehyung Jimin was seeing before him was an exhausted young man who wore glasses with much too many smudges on them, had dark circles and had bawled their eyes out minutes earlier, about to drink an extremely hot cup of coffee before it even cooled.Jimin wished he could Polaroid the moment, it was such a raw unseen look and he wanted to know why he was chosen to witness it.‘’You’re the new kid, right?’’Jimin brought his attention up to Taehyung’s face and nodded, running a nervous hand through his blonde hair as he glanced at the Apple desktop computer mouse Taehyung was moving with his hand.‘’Uh, yeah. I’m just an inter—‘’‘’Oh fuck this.’’Jimin felt his jaw clench as he watched Taehyung take the lid off the coffee and pull the straw away, downing the entire cup in three large gulps within seconds.Placing the empty container back onto the desk, Taehyung used the back of his bare forearm and wiped the remaining coffee from his mouth and glanced up at Jimin with blank eyes.‘’Internship?’’ he repeated.‘’Y-yeah…just for the summer.’’Jimin watched as Taehyung picked up the next cup and took off the lid.‘’That’s nice.’’Muttering a small whisper of agreement, Jimin held his breath as Taehyung tipped his head back and swallowed the entire contents of the second cup and crushed it within his large hands, letting it fall onto the dark green carpet floor carelessly.‘’Isn’t it, too hot?’’ Jimin asked, frowning at how small his nervousness made him sound. Taehyung snapped his empty eyes to Jimin blankly.‘’I can only drink coffee hot.’’Jimin leaned back in the cushion of the chair and slowly nodded his head, turning his eyes down away to his lap and looked at his hands. At the bottom of the floor, peeking out from underneath the desk, Jimin could see the corner edges of a gossip magazine tabloid sticking out, and he frowned in curiosity. It looked like one of the ones he’d find at the grocery store checkout, like the National Examiner, or Star magazine.Just as he was going to pry his curiosity further, Jimin felt the cupholder move closer to his face and abruptly raised his head.‘’You want one?’’ Taehyung asked, motioning to the coffees on the desk, and Jimin shook his head.‘’I’m not a big fan of coffee.’’Taehyung raised an eyebrow at this, the most of a reaction Jimin had gotten from him, and began to swallow down the third cup.‘’Tea?’’Jimin shrugged his shoulders and propped his knee over his leg.‘’Yeah, I always get…really hyper when I drink anything with caffeine.’’Watching in amazement still as Taehyung finished the entire serving, his heart sped when Taehyung bore his eyes into him.‘’So you don’t drink soda?’’‘’No.’’There was a pause, and Jimin watched as the first sign of a smile appeared faintly at the corner of Taehyung’s mouth.‘’That’s very high fashion of you,’’‘’What do you mean?’’Taehyung leaned back in his chair and reached into the left hand drawer and took out a package of Marlboro cigarettes, lazily flipping open the top.‘’Everyone in this industry hates soda. Some take those green shit drinks with fruits and grass, others do those only-water diets. Me? I just drink four cups of coffee in the morning.’’Jimin widened his eyes.‘’Those don’t ever make you sick?’’ he asked, denying the cigarette Taehyung offered him.‘’No, matter of fact, it makes me feel better. Especially when you find out the person you once loved is back in your city.’’A heavy silence fell over the room, and Jimin glanced back at the door, wondering if he could excuse himself without being rude.But Jimin also didn’t want to be nosy. He was just an intern, who was supposed to just deliver coffees but ended up sitting down and having a conversation with a top model. Only, there was a nagging tug of curiosity inside of him that he couldn’t seem to make go away as he glanced back down at the tabloid that peeked from under the desk.Jimin looked back at Taehyung, who had now flicked open his lighter and was putting it against the end of the cigarette, and wondered just how many secrets he was holding inside.‘’Are you going to be ok?’’Taehyung looked at Jimin and narrowed his eyes, blowing out a small grey cloud as he rested his hand at the edge of the desk.‘’What, this? Oh, it’s nothing.’’‘’You’re lying.’’Jimin knew he was stepping onto risky territory, but if that risk meant he could possibly provide some advice, then that was one worth taking.‘’How much did you love her?’’‘’Him.’’ Taehyung clipped, and Jimin flinched at the dip in his tone.He turned his eyes away from Taehyung and lowered them back down to his lap.‘’Oh, I-I’m sorry, I didn’t kn—‘’Taehyung coughed harshly. ‘’Nobody fucking knew.’’‘’So are you just going to mope around and be miserable?’’Jimin didn’t see Taehyung’s reaction the second he said it, but when he lifted his head to see those narrowed eyes staring into his soul, he knew he got something out of him.‘’You’re not going to call him or ask to hang out?’’Taehyung scoffed.‘’We’re not on speaking terms.’’Jimin sighed and glanced around the dark room, frowning at the blinds that were turned away to keep out the bright summer sun.‘’Does he still love you?’’The question came more as a surprise to Jimin, not realizing the words tumbled out of his mouth before he turned to Taehyung in shock.‘’Oh, I-I’m sorry, I know this isn’t any of my business, I’m—‘’Jimin paused when he saw Taehyung’s hand begin to shake on the corner of the desk, and with a slash of embarrassment cutting right through his stomach, he quickly rose and dashed to the door.‘’I’m sorry, Kim Taehyung, s-sir,’’Opening the door, Jimin gasped when he saw Namjoon standing outside in mid-knock, holding a clipboard in hand as he eyed Jimin curiously.‘’Jimin? What are you doing here?’’Stopping at the sight of Namjoon’s questioning eyes, Jimin felt a flush of color cover his cheeks as he slapped his hand over his mouth and walked past Namjoon, feeling the weight of what he just did crash over him like a ton of bricks.There goes his chance at becoming a fashion designer.     The second Jimin had left the subway onto his street, a heavy sigh of relief washed over him. For the first time since he arrived at work, he felt like he could breathe. He had been too embarrassed to stay, and decided now since he tarnished his first impression with the model who kept the company moving, he also tarnished his internship. It hurt to ignore Hoseok’s worried voice when Jimin went back to get his things and leave, but it was the one thing he needed to do to move on. He couldn’t help the tears that fell the second he got onto the subway train, knowing something as good as that job wasn’t meant to be for someone as weak as him.The thought of being inside of any room longer for a minute with Kim Taehyung now was enough to make Jimin’s chest tighten and constrict, as if completely stopping him from being able to breathe at all. He never wants to see that man ever again in his life, just the image of his face alone was enough to make Jimin lose his appetite, and as he dragged his feet to the front door of Wen’s Sushi, he nearly fell inside.‘’Jimin!’’The first one to meet him was Yoongi, the restaurant’s nephew who worked as head chef; Yoongi has been a friend of Jimin’s since he moved to New York. After leaving Busan, Jimin struck out to go across the world to America, seeking his love for design in one of the biggest fashion cities in the world. He had met Yoongi through a few mutuals from South Korea he followed online, and they became quite close friends. When they realized how close within they were from each other, the two met, and from there, their friendship grew.Jimin thanked the Lord that the shop wasn’t full, it was embarrassing to come in this loudly, but it was like his home.‘’You look like a mess.’’ Yoongi commented, and he quickly walked over from behind the counter, apron still around waist, and assisted Jimin from nearly falling into the table next to him.Jimin leaned against the weight of Yoongi’s arms for a moment before he quickly straightened himself up and stood, looking straight into the elder’s eyes as he slurred a weak smile.‘’Thanks, Yoongi.’’Wen’s was an old fashioned sushi restaurant, started by Yoongi’s grandfather in the late 80’s. The store became a household name within the community, staying as an intimate family place without branching to other locations or across the nation. The rest of the Min and Wen family lived above the building, and thanks to Yoongi’s generosity and his grandmother’s kindness, Jimin lived above the shop as well.The inside of the restaurant was adorned with dark Cherrywood and red accents, along with beautiful traditional Korean and Chinese paintings. There was a fish tank to the side near the bar, and Jimin always tried to feed it before he left for school in the morning. On Monday’s, the restaurant always got quite a bit of customers, especially during lunch time. Only today, it was quiet and calm, the distinct sound of historical Korean music playing in the background with a few customers sitting idly eating hot meals.‘’Please don’t tell me you got fired.’’ Yoongi said, as Jimin followed him to the bar before tiredly throwing himself onto one of the stools and burying his head down in his arms.‘’I didn’t get fired.’’ He said, and could hear the distinct sound of glasses clinking and water running, already knowing Yoongi was fixing up his favorite drink of honey and lemon water.‘’Really?’’ he voiced, and Jimin moved his head as best as he could into a nod while it was down.‘’Then why the sad face? You’ve been saying it’s nice working there.’’Jimin jerked his head up suddenly.‘’Yeah, it was! Not since I had to meet the Devil of the place, or should I say the fucking owner.’’Yoongi turned around from the sink and placed the tall cylinder glass of boiled water down in front of Jimin and took out a knife, slicing up a single lemon.‘’Who is this infamous person I haven’t heard of?’’Jimin clicked his tongue.‘’Oh, you heard of him, alright. Kim Taehyung, King of Dulcet Kalon, biggest supermodel of the century, the King of the whole damn world!’’Yoongi stifled a snickered giggle as he placed a single sliced lemon inside of the glass and pushed the finished piece to Jimin, who took it without a care and swallowed one long sip.‘’I didn’t know he was signed under your company. That’s hilarious.’’Jimin frowned and narrowed his eyes at Yoongi.‘’It’s not, actually. I did something bad, I won’t ever be able to show my face in there again.’’Yoongi raised an eyebrow at Jimin skeptically as he began to dry a wet glass from the sink.‘’How come? I’m sure it wasn’t anything serious.’’Finishing the drink quickly, Jimin put the glass down and eyed one of the bottles of alcohol in the back.‘’You don’t wanna know.’’In the matter of hours, Jimin’s worries and complaints had soaked up through the lovely taste of vodka that had completely made him forget about anything that dealt with Dulcet Kalon, the face of Kim Taehyung a long ways away from the line of Jimin’s blurred vision.But he didn’t care. He was happy, quite jovial in fact, and he didn’t care if he had just lost his internship and was about to come back to the Institute in the fall as the ‘’failure who got fired from DK.’’ No, Jimin didn’t give one single fuck about the fashion world, and he could care less if Taehyung even decided to put dirt on his name to the media. Right now, the only thing that mattered to Jimin was that Yoongi kept filling up his glass of the pretty sparkly stuff and didn’t stop.‘’Jimin,’’Lazily picking his head up, Jimin looked up at Yoongi and began to giggle hysterically, his insides swimming like a pool of warm happiness, and he couldn’t have felt any better.‘’Yes, Mr. Min?’’Jimin didn’t even care if Yoongi’s face cracked slightly in shock, or disgust…or whatever he felt from that. In fact, the sight made Jimin laugh more, and he felt the corners of his mouth widen into an uncontrollable smile.‘’Or should I say, sir?''Yoongi took the nearest shot glass away from Jimin, that was a little under halfway, and poured the remaining into the sink.‘’Ok, you’ve had enough.’’Jimin pouted his lips at Yoongi and frowned, narrowing his eyes as one Yoongi turned into two, and three, or four, right in front of his eyes.‘’Whyyyyyy? I want more, the sparkly stuff makes me feel good.’’Yoongi worriedly looked around the restaurant as he washed the glass before bringing his eyes down to Jimin.‘’It doesn’t make you feel good, and it’s almost two in the evening, Jimin, you need to go back upstairs. You’re whining in front of customers.’’But, Jimin hadn’t paid attention to a thing Yoongi had said, and had ended up drifting off into space staring at the veins in Yoongi’s hands as he watched him wash the glass.‘’Are you listening to me?’’‘’No.’’Realizing what he had just said, Jimin turned to Yoongi and put both hands over his mouth and burst into another fit of giggles.‘’Oh, whoops.’’Yoongi walked around from behind the bar and over to where Jimin sat, grabbing him from behind at his arms and picking him up slowly, Jimin letting his head roll back onto his chest as he began to walk him up from the restaurant floor and to the back door, which led to the residential area of the building.‘’I can’t believe I let you have a drink.’’Jimin leaned against the weight of Yoongi’s arms for a moment before he quickly turned to look up at the elder’s eyes and slurred a weak smile.By the time they reached the door, Jimin felt the sleep of alcohol begin to cover him, and he hiccupped as Yoongi slowly guided him through the door.‘’I’m such a fucking failure.’’Yoongi led Jimin inside and walked him slowly into his bedroom, putting him down onto the soft mattress which made Jimin sigh in relief.‘’You’re not a failure.’’But Jimin couldn’t stomach to believe it. How could he let something like that slip from his mouth? He was a junior in college, working at one of the most professional places in the world, yet he managed to fuck it up under a month?‘’You lasted in that place longer than I would have, I call that an achievement.’’Jimin smiled faintly at this as he let his body relax under the cushion of the mattress, feeling his mind fall closer to sleep when Yoongi placed a blanket from the end of the bed over him.‘’I’m going back to work, I’ll be back later. You stay here and rest, ok?’’Nearly half asleep now, Jimin nodded slowly as he watched Yoongi close the blinds in his window and walk out the bedroom door, softly closing it behind him leaving Jimin alone in the darkness. A shrieking ring later woke Jimin up in a daze, sweat breaking over his forehead as his heart suddenly felt like it was going to jump out of his chest. He frantically turned and moved around in bed, kicking the blanket off his hot body as he stared down at his phone that was buried underneath the plush pillow under him. Frowning as a heavy sharp pain pounded at his forehead, Jimin glared down at the blurry numbers and quickly swiped left to answer, desperately trying to end the blaring musical tone that made his ears ring.‘’Hello?’’‘’Jimin! Fucking Park Jimin where the fuck are you?!’’Pulling the device away from his ear, Jimin glanced back at the caller ID and rubbed a hand over his eyes.‘’W-what…? Who is this?’’ he asked groggily, his voice deeply painted with sleep.‘’Hoseok, who the hell else? Bring your ass down to work, immediately.’’Jimin raised an eyebrow, before he felt the events from yesterday begin to pile in. The drinking, Yoongi’s voice, being carried up the stairs. Jimin brought the phone back and looked at the time. 5:17 am.‘’What? I thought I got fired or something.’’Hoseok groaned on the other line and Jimin frowned. Had he really been asleep since yesterday afternoon?‘’You’re far away from fired, Jimin. I don’t know what the fuck you did or how you did it, but you got yourself a new position.’’Freezing, Jimin rested a hand on top of his head and looked at his disheveled appearance in the mirror above the dresser, still in yesterday’s clothes.‘’What position?’’‘’Jimin, you have been personally promoted to be Kim Taehyung’s assistant.’’And at that second, Jimin shot up from his bed and ran to the toilet.



Ritz Carlton Madness
Chapter Notes
I'm going to try and make the upload schedule for this story every Sunday and Wednesday, so I'll attempt it this week and if it works, you'll get updates on those days!



Even though the 2020 Tokyo Olympics were still three years away, Jimin was positive he could run the 100 meter dash easily, with how much he was running right now.After drinking and falling asleep for over ten hours, Jimin didn’t think he could ever in his life run as fast as he was going right now, but the words ‘’Kim Taehyung’s assistant’’ was more than enough to get him going.The second Hoseok had finished that sentence, Jimin had jumped off his bed and ran to the bathroom to lurch back up toxins from the previous day. He knew his body couldn’t handle caffeine, let alone vodka, and realizing he had gotten himself drunk in the afternoon yesterday angered him with embarrassment. The only solution he saw was to curl back into a pitiful dark cocoon underneath the blankets of his bed.But Hoseok had other ideas. A text that screamed at Jimin through the blindingly bright glass screen said ‘’6:30 am sharp,’’ and Jimin ran back to the bathroom.He had managed to pull on a pair of the cleanest dark wash True Religion jeans he could find, throw on a plain chalk white Acne Studios shirt that was $130 of wasted money, and make breakfast in under ten minutes.Jimin stuffed two halves of a plain cream cheese bagel in his mouth while throwing his wallet into his bag, and nearly ran out the door, praying Yoongi hadn’t woken up to a sound.It was around five-forty when Jimin had reached the outside of his apartment, and he had ran to the subway and was on the train, which would take him a good twenty to twenty-five minutes right to the street of Dulcet Kalon’s headquarters.Which was, where Jimin was right now, running past dazed slow-walking morning strangers as he tried to move his feet as fast as he could, knowing a hangover could only give him so much energy. It wasn’t helping that he was running to the East, which was where the sun was up blaring right onto the street, hurting Jimin’s eyes even behind his pitch black aviators.‘’Should’ve worn ski glasses,’’ Jimin cursed under his breath, and as he reached the end of the street to a red light, he leaned over onto his knees and breathed harshly.Having a hangover and running, were never meant to be together.After crossing the next street, Jimin found himself coming towards the front glass doors of Kalon and slowed his steps, holding on to the side of the honey stone building and taking long deep ragged breaths. His body was on the verge of regurgitating everything inside of him again, and he didn’t just want to splatter it on the sidewalk, especially not on someone’s Miu Miu heels. That’s a death sentence alone.But turning his head to the side of the street, Jimin saw a familiar face get out of a black Mercedes Benz S 600 and walk directly towards his way.Stiffening up, Jimin almost jumped when Hoseok took off the golden-tinted round glasses from his face and frowned.‘’What the fuck are you doing on the side of the wall? Get in the car.’’Now returning the frown, Jimin stared hardly at Hoseok, his once orange-hair was now a light surfer blonde, combed down over his forehead complimenting his golden tan skin that seemed to sparkle under the sun, and looked as closely into the man’s face as his eyes would let him.‘’W-what, are you talking about?’’Clicking his tongue, Hoseok put a gentle arm around Jimin’s shoulder and directed him towards the luxury vehicle, the chauffer standing to the side opening the back passenger door.‘’Did you not get my second text?’’ he asked, and Jimin froze.Seeing as he couldn’t form an answer, Hoseok giggled to himself and ushered Jimin inside the car.‘’You’re real cute kid.’’Tranced by the cool interior, Jimin shuffled his body to the passenger seat and sat down, almost gasping at the quality cream leather seating. He turned to Hoseok, who was now inside, and opened his mouth.‘’Where are we going?’’Hoseok pressed a few buttons on his phone before clicking it off.‘’Ritz-Carlton hotel, Central Park.’’Jimin raised his eyebrows in surprise, but tried to lessen his excitement by nodding slowly.‘’Taehyung has a photoshoot there, and as you’re now his assistant, you need to be with him.’’Feeling a cold sweat break at his forehead, Jimin watched as Hoseok took out a large planner from the back pocket of the seat in front and opened it to a monthly layout, almost every box filled with countless wording.‘’And, as I’m responsible for your internship here in the first place, I need to show you how it’s done, with the planner of course.’’‘’The planner?’’ Jimin repeated, and Hoseok nodded.‘’This, right here, will save your life. It’s a new planner though, every assistant has to buy their own but I saved you some time by getting a spare from Namjoon and filling out as much as I could.’’Jimin glanced over different sections of the month written out vaguely, ‘’spa,’’ ‘’meeting,’’ ‘’doctor appointment,’’ ‘’fitting,’’ all words that caught Jimin’s eye, and that was just for the rest of the month.‘’Taehyung is a busy man, obviously.’’ Hoseok started, holding the planner in Jimin’s eye view as the vehicle started off into the road.‘’Because he’s a top model, he’s highly wanted among several different designers. It’s even hard for Patagonia or Vineyard Vines to get him.’’Jimin raised an eyebrow.‘’Pata…gonia?’’‘’Yes, Patagonia. It’s a high end outdoor gear store for all the rich white people who live in Colorado.’’With wide eyes, Jimin watched as Hoseok turned the page and went to the current week, placing his finger on the ‘’Tuesday’’ space.‘’So, I’ve filled out everything from Monday, too, just so you can get an idea. Of course since some…personal things came up, everything Taehyung had to do from yesterday morning forward was canceled and re-scheduled, which I couldn’t finish writing down before you got here so you’ll have to do the rest.’’The word ‘’6:00am Photoshoot- Ritz Carlton’’ stood out before Jimin’s eyes, and he glanced back out on the busy city street.‘’Today, he has the photoshoot at the Ritz, which varies depending on the concept and the photographer, but because Taehyung is a highly disciplined and skilled model, photoshoots usually only take him around two hours. One hour if you’re lucky.’’As the vehicle stopped at a red light, Hoseok pointed his finger to the next thing on the list.‘’Actually, today is a pretty slow day. Photoshoots are the only thing on his schedule, so it’ll just be following him from one location to the next, which you will be in the same vehicle as him so, get used to his personal space.’’Jimin wearily looked out towards the dashboard of the car, feeling his stomach do several unnatural backflips and a familiar sickness.‘’As his assistant, you assist him in any and all things he needs done. That includes going shopping with him, going to his photoshoots, taking care of Yves, backstage at runways—that is, if you last that long.’’Jimin raised an eyebrow at Hoseok questioningly.‘’Yves?’’Hoseok nodded.‘’Yves, Taehyung’s dog. She’s really nice, so you won’t have any trouble with her.’’Now wringing his fingers together nervously in his lap, Jimin felt another surge of vile sickness build inside of him, the streets now looking blurry as they whizzed down, every car now going too fast past his vision, like a blurb of color.He turned his attention back to Hoseok, but by the time he handed the planner into Jimin’s hands, they were shaking.A few minutes later, the Benz stopped in front of the Ritz hotel, and a butler from the sidewalk walked over and opened the passenger door, but Jimin wasn’t sure if he could move.With an unfamiliar object in his hand, dog treats, and his messenger bag weighing down on him, Jimin steadily placed his feet onto the gravel and tried to look straight ahead, but his mind seemed to want to do the opposite.Struggling to keep up with the elder’s pace, a bellman opened the entrance doors and Hoseok signaled Jimin to come inside, but every footstep seemed like a mile. Jimin felt his breathing shortening, and his eyes blurring with every blink.‘’H-Hoseok, wait.’’But he didn’t hear Jimin’s fragile whisper, and the only thing Jimin could seem to do was to keep going.Inside the elevator, Jimin leaned against the wall railing and put his head back, content that the waves of nausea seemed to stop for a moment. In the least, Hoseok wasn’t questioning his out-of-character behavior, or seemed to notice, which worked better for Jimin.At an unknown floor, the doors parted and Hoseok walked out and Jimin followed, walking down the hallway before they reached a door a few ways down and he knocked.‘’It’s Hoseok.’’A few seconds later, the door opened, and a young woman, possibly in her late twenties, with measuring tape around her neck, smiled at Hoseok warmly as she stood to the side.‘’This is Park Jimin, Taehyung’s new assistant.’’The woman raised her eyebrows in surprise and extended a quick hand to Jimin.‘’I’m Janet, the stylist. I’m not Taehyung’s usual stylist though, but you will see me around the 23rd floor a lot.’’Jimin greeted her respectively and after she walked away, turned to Hoseok who nudged him gently at his arm, motioning towards his face.‘’Take off your sunglasses.’’ He mouthed, but Jimin couldn’t seem to bring his arm up to do it. The lights in the room enough were entirely too bright, even with the glasses on, yet Jimin knew he didn’t want to seem rude, especially on his first day of a promotion.But before he could fathom an explanation, Hoseok had turned to another greeting face, who wore all black from the beret at his head to the slippers at his feet, and welcomed Hoseok with a gentle quick hug.‘’Ohhh, it is the dear Hoseok, yes?’’He was up in age, perhaps at his late forties, his accent heavily laced with French roots, and wore large round thickly-rimmed glasses that reminded Jimin of two magnifying glasses.Hoseok nodded his head with a refreshingly bright smile and patted the man’s shoulder, before he turned towards Jimin with a flash of mild annoyance for a second before it snapped back to a clear smile.‘’Andrés, this is Park Jimin, Taehyung’s new assistant.’’Jimin opened his mouth to greet the man but before so, Hoseok snatched the sunglasses off his face and held them in his hand, Jimin immediately gasping at the pain in his eyes.‘’He was just trying on my sunglasses, new ones I bought today.’’ Hosek said, and Andrés widened his eyes and clasped his hands together at Jimin.‘’Ah, he is the Zimin I have heard slip from time to time. Bonjour, sir, you’re a nice fresh face in this company.’’Jimin accepted himself into the older man’s quick embrace and winced at the scent of his Armani cologne. Any little odd scent to Jimin was enough to put him in the toilet, and he didn’t want to go right now.‘’Andrés is one of Vogue’s and Dulcet Kalon’s greatest photographers, Jimin. He just came from Marseille for this shoot.’’ Hoseok explained, and Jimin worked the best of his facial muscles to a pleasing smile, trying hard not to seem impolite. ‘’Taehyung is a very, very, very special model of mine and a favorite in my heart. I’m happy to work with him again, it’s been six months since our last shoot and that was when I put him on the cover.’’After a few more small words, Andrés went back into another room and Jimin felt the strength in his legs give out, immediately clutching onto the dresser by the wall as his bag fell from his shoulders down to the floor. Hoseok jumped at this and leaned down to look at Jimin’s appearance.‘’Oh shit, Jimin are you ok?’’But he couldn’t form any audible words. It was as if the second Andrés left the room, all othe energy Jimin had left was zapped, and he fell from the edge of the dresser to the floor, leaning his head back against the wall as the room spun in front of him.‘’Jimin?’’Hoseok was in front of Jimin now, his tone as worrying as the expression painted over his face, and it was the last thing Jimin wanted him to see.‘’I-I’m fine, I’m f-fine, just, give me a few seconds.’’But Hoseok and Jimin both knew he wasn’t fine, yet it was a lie enough Jimin wanted to keep. His body was exhausted from running, and Jimin knew he shouldn’t have pushed himself that hard knowing full well it was going to catch up with him later.‘’Jimin, you’re not fine. Your forehead is hot, do you want to go downstairs? I can get you a drink of water.’’Jimin shook his head quickly as he breathed out heavy gasps of air, the vision of the room in front of him somehow clearing, but it still felt like it was moving.‘’I-I just—I’m fine.’’Steadily, Jimin grabbed onto the dresser and tried to raise himself up but saw his legs wouldn’t work, and it made him curse in anger. He wasn’t supposed to be like this! Jimin should’ve known out of all the things he’s done, alcohol has never done his body justice.Each drink he’s had has left him worse than the one before with symptoms more extreme than the regular drinker, yet he still did it.‘’This is the last time.’’Hoseok looked down at Jimin and held his arm.‘’The last time for what? Your face is turning white, I think I need to get you some water.’’But just as Hoseok got up to move, Jimin jerked his head over and threw up onto the carpet floor, the sound piercing through the hotel room enough to make Jimin feel heavily embarrassed, but he didn’t have enough energy to care.His throat was on fire, and it felt like his body was going to collapse into pieces within seconds.Hoseok held onto Jimin’s arm tightly and muttered something Jimin couldn’t decipher, but saw two pairs of heels in his line of vision.‘’I don’t know why he’s sick but he can’t work like this.’’A blurb of sounds bounced around Jimin’s ears but he couldn’t understand what was said, only thing he knew was that he kept emptying his insides until something of a white empty purse appeared in his sight. Jimin didn’t know why it was there, but he didn’t have enough strength to move his head away so he used that instead of the floor.When Jimin felt Hoseok try to let go of his arm, he immediately brought his eyes up to him and worked as much of an audible sentence as he could make.‘’Please…don’t leave me.’’    A warm ray of light was the first thing that made Jimin open his eyes. The faint sounds of the city street ambience down below faintly danced with the sound of the AC, and that was when Jimin blinked his eyes twice, and focused on the bright window in front of him.It was open, and the white curtains moved slowly with the wind from the open window. It was a warm breeze; not too cool, not too hot.Jimin focused his eyes on the nightstand next to him, and that was when he realized he was in the bed of a hotel room in the Ritz.Moving every other limb in his body was difficult, as he was laid on his stomach with his face to the side. Each leg and arm ached in pain the second he tried to move them, yet he didn’t know why. Had it been because he ran?All of events from earlier in the morning seemed like a distant thought, and Jimin could only remember the minutes before he went to sleep.At some point, he knows he passed out. The last thing Jimin remembers is holding onto Hoseok’s arm like it was the last thing on Earth and begging him not to leave, the memory alone causing a hot blush to rise to Jimin’s face. There had been so many things he had done wrong in the past 48 hours, and the thought of how many people saw his stomach’s contents on the floor made him want to disappear.But he didn’t feel sick anymore. Jimin felt much better, almost as if he had some type of elixir and was a new man. His vision was clear and focused, and he didn’t have a severe headache or the swimming uneasy pool of sickness inside of his stomach.As he moved slightly to the side, Jimin felt a hard object against his shoulder, and lifted himself up slowly on his elbows and turned to see a grey large bowl to the side that hadn’t been used, next to a white folded towel that was damp. Whoever put him in bed had taken care of him, and he wanted to hurry to discover who it was so he could properly thank them.Settling himself back in bed, Jimin laid down on his back and stared up at the white sculpted ceiling. He couldn’t even fathom what time it was, there wasn’t a single clock in sight.But something else caught Jimin’s attention; on a chair by an idle desk at the front of the room, a black jacket and a bag was laid, next to an open notebook on the desk with a pen. Jimin guessed it belonged to whoever helped him inside, and he leaned his head back and contemplated getting up or staying in. He was antsy to get up now, at least to know what time it was.Wringing his hands together, Jimin closed his eyes back and decided to try and catch a few more minutes of sleep, when he heard a knob turn at the front door, and his eyes shot open.The dark brown door opened slowly, and the first thing Jimin saw was a cart filled with several plates of food, and a figure dressed in a black and white uniform.When the man brought his eyes up to Jimin, he smiled lightly and moved the cart across the room.‘’Your room service, sir.’’ He said, and Jimin sat himself up in bed and gawked at the several dishes that lit the room with a beautiful scent. Croissants, baguettes, eggs, bacon, shrimp, crab legs, cake, cinnamon rolls, pancakes, this was a Studio Ghibli dream!The room service employee pushed the cart next to Jimin at the side of the bed and bowed before he began to walk out of the room.‘’If you have any concerns, please use the phone.’’With the room back to himself again, Jimin stared down at the cart and felt his mouth begin to water at the hot and fresh foods that were just asking to be eaten. Jimin hadn’t realized how hungry he was until he smelled the beautiful scent of cinnamon and sugar, and it was the first thing he grabbed on to.At around five minutes later and mid-dip of a shrimp into a small bowl of sauce did the hotel door open again, and it wasn’t room service.A tall figure adored in a long brown coat with dark pants emerged through the door, with a rolled-up newspaper in hand, and ran a quick hand through his short hair when he dragged his eyes up to the bed.‘’Jimin?’’Every part of an appetite Jimin had was gone the second he saw Kim Taehyung walk through the door, and he quickly dropped the shrimp into the sauce and pressed his back against the headboard of the bed, hoping he would melt out of the room.Taehyung threw the newspaper onto the desk and slowly walked over to the end of the bed and stared at Jimin worriedly.‘’How are you? Do you feel better?’’Jimin couldn’t even form a single syllable, and he watched wearily as Taehyung took off his coat and placed it on the chair on top of the other jacket.‘’I ordered food for us, since I assumed you were hungry.’’
Us?
‘’Why did you…order for me?’’Fixing the sandstone colored turtleneck around his jeans, Taehyung looked up at Jimin and raised an eyebrow.‘’Because you’re my assistant?’’He flopped himself onto the side of the bed next to Jimin and pulled the cart closer to him, grabbing onto a plate of chicken tenders.‘’The second I heard you were sick I left and went to find you. Hoseok had looked like he seen a ghost; I’ve never seen him so worried about a person in his life, aside from Namjoon.’’Jimin’s heart pounded rapidly against his chest, and he felt at any second it would just jump out, seeing the closer Taehyung got to him the more nervous he got.‘’Everyone was so worried about you. I was in another room getting ready but part of the shoot was supposed to take place in that hotel room, so we canceled it and got another one. Housekeepers went to take care of any of the mess.’’Taehyung broke off a piece of the chicken tenders and plopped one right into his mouth effortlessly, and Jimin stared at him in shock. The Taehyung Jimin had seen yesterday was a stranger to the one he was looking at right now; bright-eyed, no dark circles, combed shiny hair, a complete contrast to the sad and teary one Jimin had first met. If anything, Jimin didn’t expect Taehyung to be at work at all today, but maybe one day to himself was all he needed.‘’If you’re wondering how you got in bed, Hoseok helped you in and watched you for about an hour. He had to leave because his department chief was calling him back. Left his jacket and everything.’’Jimin glanced back at the black jacket underneath Taehyung’s coat and felt his heart ache. He didn’t want his scene to get in the way of Hoseok’s work, that was the very last thing he wanted.‘’I-Is Hoseok ok?’’Taehyung looked up at Jimin and nodded his head slowly, sticking another piece of the tender in his mouth.‘’He wouldn’t let go of your hand no matter how hard we tried to get him to. You kept throwing up off and on for hours, so I’m pretty sure you don’t remember it. Some lady down the hall even gave us her last season Michael Kors purse for you to use. Said an ex-boyfriend got it for her.’’At this, Taehyung chuckled, and Jimin covered his face remembering the white purse he had seen someone place in front of him. All the memories were random faint blurbs, but Jimin felt too exhausted to try and recover it all.‘’Why did you want me?’’Jimin watched Taehyung as he stopped chewing and clenched his jaw, before setting his food down on one of the plates.‘’Because I needed a new assistant, and you were a new face to the company, so I thought it wouldn’t hurt. Right?’’‘’But I’m an intern.’’Taehyung let out a small giggle and brushed the crumbs off the surface of his pants.‘’Jimin, there’s something about me I need you to understand,’’Moving his arm slowly, Taehyung took his hand and gently rested it on top of Jimin’s knee. ‘’I always get what I want.’’



NYC's Saint
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Dulcet Kalon, started by French fashion designer and artist Leland Fontaine in 1895, was later bought by Condé Nast in 1906 and joined Vogue in the new league of women’s fashion. Changing the perspective of fashion and elegant style through their bi-weekly made magazine, Kalon stayed close to its haute couture roots and became one of the most prominently sought after magazine companies in the world.

As of 2017, Dulcet Kalon’s current editor in chief is Théo Laurent, and works mainly in the magazine’s France headquarters in Paris.

 

 
The entire first paragraph of Dulcet Kalon’s Wikipedia page was highlighted in blue, and Jimin stared at the computer monitor, hand over the mouse, heart racing, searching for an answer.It wasn’t no more than a few seconds after Taehyung placed his hand over Jimin’s knee did he receive a call that sent him heading out the room, coat in arm.‘’Oh, and don’t worry about working for the rest of the day, but be ready tomorrow. We’ll get right back to business.’’And he had gone, leaving Jimin frightened with an entire cart of food right next to him.He had tried to wait until later in the day, hoping and waiting for Hoseok to come back for his belongings, but when one o’clock turned to two, and then three, and then four, Jimin got himself up and decided it was time to go back home.By the time he arrived back, Yoongi was on his break in the apartment above Wen’s, sitting at the TV watching something Jimin could care less about.After around fourteen minutes of explaining everything that had previously happened in the last ten hours, Yoongi had went back down to work and Jimin was left alone.Which was, why at six o’clock in the evening of the same day, he was sitting at the desk in the living room staring at the computer, somehow hoping Wikipedia could remind him of his purpose in the first place.Be a fashion student, graduate fashion school, start working at some type of company, get enough connections, make some designs, then become a fashion designer.That had been the plan of decisions Jimin made before he left South Korea, before he left his hometown in Busan, before he even graduated high school. Jimin decided in his mind that he was going to be a fashion designer no matter what anyone said, even if that included lying to his parents.Sighing, Jimin scrolled up on the Wikipedia page and stared at the Dulcet Kalon magazine cover; the first one Théo Laurent had directed, the one that set the company apart from its older sister Vogue and the rest of the world.It featured Gia Carangi, one of the biggest models in history who was even titled the ‘’world’s first supermodel,’’ in one of her most classic shots; arms folded in front and her hair beautifully swept to the side in gorgeous large curls. It was the cover Jimin had fallen in love with inside of his grandmother’s home in Busan, flipping through her collection of magazines that she kept in a large cardboard box. His grandmother had gotten those magazines from friends who brought them back from overseas when they went to visit, and she had kept them.Jimin had only been twelve years old when he saw that cover, and he fell in love with Dulcet since.But Jimin wondered, was it worth it? Was everything he was doing right now worth it?An internship was nice, and Jimin had loved DK since he was a child but after being inside of that office yesterday, and those last words from today that seemed to scratch the insides of Jimin’s mind, he wasn’t sure if it was worth it anymore.His ambition was to become a fashion designer; Jimin loved to draw and could draw inspiration from the most random of places: buildings, cars, colors, commercials, art. Interning at a fashion magazine would give the background Jimin knew he needed, but this was scary.Even after working at the company for over a week, all of a sudden his confidence about being there anymore was slowly diminishing, and he didn’t know how to grab it back.Was it Taehyung?Jimin clicked off the Wikipedia page and stood up from the desk, shuffling his feet over into the kitchen and taking out a single churro from a plastic container, dropping a piece in his mouth as he leaned against the counter.It was true he had been fine until he had walked into the supermodel’s office, but was it really okay to be scared of him? That was the state Jimin had been in prior to meeting him; he had known bits and pieces about Taehyung’s career from the news he heard on TMZ to the articles about him on Vogue. Not to forget the countless advertisements he was in across the city, from Céline, Nike, Fendi, Diesel, Gucci, even his damn Armani cologne ad that played everyday in Times Square during last December; Jimin was fully aware of Taehyung but he didn’t know much about him.Even living inside of New York, attending FIT, and being an avid fan of DK and Vogue, Taehyung had been someone that never fully registered into Jimin’s mind, yet he had automatically created a fear for the stranger that hadn’t come alive until the day Hoseok told Jimin he had to get his coffee.Then, Jimin was scared.Maybe it was the shock, maybe his mind hadn’t fully processed the fact he had met said top model and was seeing him in person. The thought alone of being his assistant tomorrow made Jimin almost tremble, and he immediately placed the half-bitten churro back inside the plastic container and grabbed his phone to head out. Maybe, he just needed to get a real breath of fresh air.  He wasn’t sure how, nor the reason why, but Jimin’s feet had somehow led him to a nearby park, a large one in fact, that wasn’t too far from Wen’s. It was a little chilly now, even for a summer day, and Jimin walked to a nearby bench that wasn’t too close nor too far from the rest of the crowd and sat himself down, burying his hands inside of the pocket of his black Stussy hoodie and leaned his head back.A nice walk to the park might have been something Jimin needed to properly relax, and it felt nice. The sound of cars moving by the nearby street mixed with the idle sound of conversation from walkers around the area was like a white noise, and even after living in New York for over a year the constant honking is relaxing, too.It made Jimin feel calm, serene; always being a city boy since he was little, adjusting to another one wasn’t hard for him.When Jimin thought back to Busan and South Korea, he felt an idle blur of homesickness mixed with fear, by Christmas he was going to go back home for the first time since he left, and Jimin had no idea how he was going to pull off being a medical student by that time.The day Jimin sat down with his parents and discussed with them his choices to go to America for college, his family had been all aboard. His father was excited, his mother was all smiles, it was happiness and content.But it was on a degree.Jimin’s father did not believe in success in the arts; anything that didn’t relate to business or the medical and law field, equaled unhappiness in his eyes. His father time after time over his life told Jimin that he would make a great lawyer, a great entrepreneur, a great doctor, the whole entire world was his he just had to pick from those choices, yet it wasn’t fair.Petrified that he’d lose his parents support, Jimin scooped up a lie and got a half-assed acceptance to some medical school in the US and used that as his leverage to fly over. It was a play against his father’s trust and Jimin was using it against him: trust that his son was going to said medical school, trust that his son was studying for a medical degree, trust that his son was shadowing surgeries and studying medic terms. It was an entire lie, and Jimin knew it was time for it to come out at some point but he couldn’t bring himself to do it.Not as he, as a junior, now about to be a senior, was three years into his degree and had been lying to his family for the entirety of it. It was why Jimin put off coming home for the holidays the first year, why he put it off the next year, and why he put it off the last year. His anxiety and fear of going back grew each time vacation came and he neglected going back, and now Jimin was worried if he could even come back at all.Breathing in harshly, Jimin leaned his head over into his lap and buried it inside his hands. He was making himself sick with all this worry, Jimin didn’t have enough room nor energy to wire himself ill about his family’s opinions.All he needed to do, was show his father he was successful. No, Jimin wasn’t letting himself go back to Busan until he came back with something to show, something to prove, that art majors are just as important as the others, and can be just as—if not more, successful than them.Jimin kept his head down in his lap until he felt the strange sensation of something licking at his pant leg, and immediately, brought his head up and stared down at a black small dog that stared back at Jimin with a panting tongue and a short wagging tail.Jimin smiled down at the dog and just as he was about to bring a hand to rub it, running footsteps from around the way came rushing toward, and Jimin felt his heart jump.In a fitted black tank top, red basketball shorts, and a pair of black Huarache’s, a tall male figure made its way over to Jimin and let out a light smile as he jogged over, stopping just a few inches before the bench.Jimin watched as the man leaned his head over onto his knees and breathed in harshly, lifting his head to flash a bright smile.“I see my dog has found someone new to entertain.”Jimin held his tongue as he watched the stranger stand up straight and wipe the back of his hand over his forehead, his black short hair wet with sweat yet not a scent of it was obvious.“Hey,”The man paused and brought his eyes down to Jimin’s face and studied them hardly, before a wide smile appeared over his face.“You’re the customer from Starbucks yesterday morning? Works for Dulcet Kalon?”Immediately, Jimin felt his palms begin to sweat as the dictionary known as his mind seemed to struggle with a grasp of words.Standing in front of him in athletic wear flashing a bright smile was the same stranger that happened to save Jimin yesterday morning, and he had been itching to thank him for his generosity since.“O-oh! I meant thank you for that, it was very kind..”The young man chuckled lightly and sat himself down next to Jimin on the bench, picking up the small dog from the ground as he held it within his large hands, ruffling its beautiful black fur.“Ah, it was nothing. I just know a few facts of my own, y’know?”Jimin nodded at this slowly as he watched him play with the dog, almost as if a natural beam of sunlight was shining around him.‘’I hope it’s ok if I sit here for a few. I just came back from a basketball game with my friends a couple streets down.’’Jimin brought his hands up and waved them off.‘’Oh no its fine!’’The stranger smiled at this and Jimin watched as he combed his hands across the dog’s back.“Do you live around here?”He shrugged at this lightly.“Sort of, I just came back for a visit, I don’t know if I’m staying.”There was a tone of hesitation in his voice, so Jimin leaned himself back and turned his attention away to the setting sun and the scenery in front, praying he didn’t sound too nosy.“What about you?”Flinching, Jimin glanced at the young man and felt his face flush.“Oh, yeah. I’ve lived here for almost four years now.”The young man raised his eyebrows at this.“Really? That’s nice,”Then suddenly, he brought his hand up and held it at Jimin’s direction.“I’m Jungkook by the way.”Jimin stared at the large hand and made a fist bump, awkwardly placing it into Jungkook’s soft palm.“Jimin.”But what was most beautiful was the way he smiled at this, a full fledged wide beautiful white smile that seemed to make Jimin’s mind race and his heart melt at the sound of laughter that emitted from it.“What’s your dog’s name?”Jungkook brought his eyes to Jimin and glanced down at the small dog in his lap and smiled.‘’Saint.’’There was another taste of pain Jimin heard at the tip of Jungkook’s tongue, but it was covered up by the wide grin over the younger’s face, and Jimin felt his heart blossom.‘’He’s a Scottish Terrier, purebred. I was thankful to have a friend of mine give him away to me in Paris.’’Jimin widened his eyes.‘’You’ve been to Paris?’’Jungkook shrugged his broad shoulders at this as he combed down on the dog’s fur.‘’Sort of, I lived there since the end of December, that’s where I just came back from.’’Jimin was amazed. Jungkook already sounded like he had an amazing life yet he seemed to be younger than him. Living in Paris, having a pure bred dog, and back in New York; that was the type of lifestyle Jimin only dreamed of having.‘’Which place do you like better, New York or Paris?’’The question came as a surprise to Jungkook, and he glanced down at Saint before looking up towards the sky.‘’New York, without a doubt. I’ve had some beautiful moments in Paris, but…New York is my favorite girl.’’A comfortable silence fell over the two of them, and Jimin stayed on the bench next to Jungkook until he suddenly turned to Jimin and asked for his phone.‘’My phone?’’Jungkook nodded his head quickly as he held his hand out.‘’Is it ok if I put my name in? I need to go now, but I wanted to keep in contact if its ok.’’Jimin quickly reached inside the pocket of his hoodie and took out the large black cellular device and unlocked it before handing it to Jungkook. He took it and tapped a few buttons before giving it back, and stood up abruptly.‘’I’m sorry to just burst in and then leave like this, but I…’’Jungkook paused and scanned around the park as he took the leash into his hands and placed Saint onto the ground. Jimin glanced around the park to see any of what Jungkook was looking at, but was cut off when he turned to Jimin and shined down a wide smile.‘’I’ll catch you around, see you later!’’Jimin opened his mouth to reply but watched in awe as Jungkook took off down the park pathway with the Scottish Terrier running close besides, the view almost stock photo worthy.He leaned his head back against the bench and looked down at his phone to the newest contact.‘’Jungkookie ^_^’’This made Jimin giggle, and he traced his thumb over the screen.‘’Jungkookie?’’Tucking the phone away into his pocket, Jimin stood up from the bench and stretched. It was getting dark now, and it was about time to head back home to get some sleep before work tomorrow.As Jimin walked down the back pathway out of the park, his mind wandered back to the thought of what could have made Jungkook get up and leave so quickly. He looked like he wanted to stay, so what had it been?There were dog-walkers, women and men practicing yoga, college students sitting down on the ground eating takeout, couples walking hand-in-hand, yet none of them seemed threatening to Jimin.But as he turned down towards the sidewalk and glanced down at a dark figure holding a camera standing around the bench he had just left, Jimin decided he would leave too if someone had been watching him.   It hadn’t been a mistake, and Jungkook knew.‘’When you get back to NYC, they’re going to follow you.’’Yet, he had decided to act naïve and believe that his agent was lying to him, and all his their suspicions were going to be proved wrong.But the second Jungkook picked his head up and noticed a man clad in all black clothing standing behind a tree trunk with a large professional camera around his neck, he knew. They were here, and Jin didn’t lie.And as he jogged away from the park and made it down to the inside of a nearby beauty supply store and threw himself inside, Jungkook hid through a few aisles of shampoo products and stopped at the end, Saint still holding on by the ends of his leash.‘’What the fuck did I tell you was going to happen?’’Jungkook winced at the sound of Jin’s voice from the end of his customized Blackberry phone and stared off at a bar of black African soap.‘’Not this!’’‘’Yes this!’’If anyone knew the contents of Jungkook’s life the most, it was his dog, his makeup stylist, and his agent, Seokjin.Jin was a former model, a former top model, one that even had his own photoshoot with A-Lists like Naomi Campbell and Sun Fei Fei, Tyra Banks and Sean O’Pry. But, he had retired—or as he likes to say, ‘’put on hold’’—the modeling life to be Jungkook’s one and only agent, and even on occasions manager. It was special treatment, too; Jin kept his services to Jungkook exclusively, especially with the fact that the two had been friends before being business partners. Only, as an agent now, Jin knew a lot more about Jungkook’s life than before, and even a little too much than he wanted. But it was standard, Jin was aware of the general basis of Jungkook’s business decisions, where his shoots were, and even what person he was dating. It was the one time in Jungkook’s life he felt like he could relate to Kim Kardashian, and Jin was Kris Jenner.‘’You brought your ass back to New York City and didn’t think anyone wasn’t going to notice? That you were just going to flaunt your muscles back into the streets and not have people stalk you? Well think again, Jeon!’’Jungkook frowned at this and mindlessly grabbed the black soap off the shelf and walked around to the next aisle.‘’Because the people in this city still remember your name even though you left it. Don’t think because you scurried off to another country and drank champagne every night that anyone in this hole would forget your name.’’Only Jin wasn’t lying, which made Jungkook angrier. He had hoped in the well-being of this city, the place he had grown to love when he had just been a confused teenager moving into a cluttered apartment in the Bronx, living from one dollar cup of ramen to the next. But then he made it big, and his life changed, but it began to later change for the worse.So he left, to wait for things to cool off; each day in Paris just itching to get back. And while France had been fun, New York was where Jungkook felt his heart was, where he fully called home. It was his second core, next to the streets of Busan, but he didn’t think the city would repay him like this.‘’I just…I just want things to go back to normal.’’Jin scoffed.‘’Normal, Jungkook? Do you think that word exists in your vocabulary, my vocabulary, or his vocabulary?’’‘’Don’t say that.’’ Jungkook hissed, and Seokjin sighed.‘’Jungkook, don’t think I forgot what he did, and each day, I try to bring myself to forgive him, but I don’t know if I can. He ruined you, Kookie, he took you into his arms and broke you apart only to bring you back all mixed up and had the nerve to call it ‘repaired.’ Jungkook, I do not trust him.’’But as Jungkook walked up to the front register, he stared at a tabloid that caught his eye in the front rack, the words ‘’NYC Ex Back In Town?’’ blaring on the cover that rang like a megaphone into his ears.‘’Yeah,’’Jungkook pulled his eyes from the title and dropped them to the grainy picture of a single tanned man that graced the front page with distressed heavy eye bags and a beautiful smile.‘’I don’t know if I can trust Kim Taehyung either.’’ 



Chapter End Notes
On the night I started the second part of this chapter where Jimin meets Jungkook, I ended up having a dream with them in the same scene, and I find it funny how much deeper I'm getting into this setting.Also, I would highly recommend reading up on the life of Gia Carangi. She was an excellent beautiful model that passed away early, but she set more awareness for LGBT models and AIDS, not to mention being the first acclaimed ''top model.''You can see the magazine cover mentioned hereAnd thank you sO SO SO MUCH guys for the feedback and comments. I see all of them and i'm happy someone out there is enjoying! Gracias!


Obey
Chapter Notes
if you see the tags change, it's because I did change them a little bit. I'm the type of person who gets ideas as they go so I apologize if I get rid of or add more tags! they should stay the same for the majority of this story; the foundation isn't going to change so no worries. :) see you on wednesday!



‘’What says, a top model’s assistant?’’ Five am in the morning, and Jimin was standing in front of his small bedroom closet, staring at two pairs of ties that he held in his hands. Both gave a different statement, one color meant one thing and another color meant another thing, especially since it was the only pop of color Jimin was going to wear.He wasn’t just a desk employee now, answering calls and making copies. Jimin was a model’s assistant, and not just any. A top model, a celebrity model’s assistant! One who’s schedule and needs were filled with things Jimin probably couldn’t imagine. Which was why, he barely got an hour of sleep and got up very, early.Jimin took the ties and walked out his bedroom and into the hallway bathroom where Yoongi stood, putting toothpaste onto his brush, his face swollen from sleep that Jimin found cute.‘’Which one should I wear? Hydrangea,’’Jimin held up a light blue and white geometric tie that looked like it came straight from Cape Cod.‘’Or ‘purple plum’?’’The next one Jimin held was a darker blue tie that almost touched on the shade of purple with a thin stripe of green running down the side.But Yoongi didn’t seem to care, because he blinked his eyes and stared at both ties blankly.‘’Isn’t that just a light blue and dark blue?’’Jimin groaned and stomped down the hallway back into his room and threw the ties onto his half-made bed as he walked into his closet and took out another box.‘’The Hydrangea one Jimin! Or whatever…the fuck it’s called.’’ Yoongi yelled down, and Jimin bit his lip from a wide smile and placed the next box of ties back inside and picked up the blue and white one, the exact one he was thinking about wearing.Now, he was ready.Around ten minutes later, Jimin was shrugging on a black Tommy Hilfiger blazer while a slice of toast was hanging in between his mouth, one that Yoongi cooked up just minutes ago to perfect buttery gold perfection. And on both sides, just as Jimin liked it.Jimin popped one of his earbuds inside of his ear and said goodbye to Yoongi, brushing the crumbs off his Wilsons briefcase before he was out and down the stairs. When Jimin left the subway and was onto the busy downtown sidewalk, the name ‘’Hoseok’’ lit up across the screen of his phone and he plugged one earbud back into his ear and slid right.‘’Jimin? Hey,’’Jimin covered his mouth and leaned over to the right side of the street as to not get in the way of the people behind him. He hadn’t expected his heart to jump at the sound of Hoseok’s voice but it did just that, and he couldn’t tell why.‘’Are you feeling ok?’’‘’Yeah,’’Jimin glanced at a hot dog stand on the street and tried to drag his eyes away from the steaming hot pretzels and meat that was just asking him to have some but he decided against it.‘’I wanted to say thank you, by the way.’’Hoseok let out a light chuckle on the other line and instantly Jimin felt his worries lifted off his chest. He had been concerned all throughout the night if Hoseok had been ok; not seeing him at all after the chaos from yesterday made Jimin sick.‘’It’s nothing huge, Jimin. It’s a part of my job, which is why I called you.’’Jimin stopped at a red light and leaned against the light pole, crossing one of his Steve Madden black loafers over the other.‘’As, you are Taehyung’s assistant, I won’t be with you much at all anymore, but your internship is still under my name. So, while we won’t be in the office together, it is my job to inform you about any changes. For today and probably now on, if you don’t see a Mercedes Benz like the one we were in yesterday outside on the curb, you come inside the building, but go to the 23rd floor, ok?’’Jimin watched the cars whizzing past and suddenly felt an unnatural twist in the pit of his stomach.‘’Today, Taehyung’s driver is waiting for you right outside in the front so you can’t miss him. If you have anymore questions, Jimin, feel free to call me ok? I’m never too far away.’’Jimin swallowed thickly and tried to bring as much of a smile as he could to his face, but it hurt. All of a sudden, everything he was seeing felt too overwhelming: the cars, the people, the noise, Jimin just wanted to close his eyes and disappear but there wasn’t any way to do that, and it scared him.‘’U-uh, ok! Thanks, Hoseok.’’‘’Anytime Jimin, you have a good day today, alright? Good luck on your, real first day on the job!’’Hoseok began to laugh in between his sentence and Jimin felt a natural grin fall onto his face and the twist in his stomach settle down.Once the call ended, Jimin crossed onto the street with the moving crowd and in under five minutes, was at the front doors for Dulcet Kalon.And just as Hoseok had said, there was the same glossy black Mercedes Benz from yesterday sitting on the curb. Jimin took a deep breath and closed his eyes for a few seconds, before opening them back and making his way to the chauffeur who stood outside.‘’Excuse me, is this Kim Taehyung’s car?’’The man turned his small light grey eyes to Jimin and smiled. He was an older man, perhaps between his late fifties and early sixties, with light pink pale skin, and a white beard that Jimin could only imagine took time to grow.‘’Are you Park Jimin?’’After nodding his head, the man stepped back and opened the back passenger door.‘’I’m Sacha Daniau, Taehyung’s driver.’’Jimin wasn’t sure whether to bow or stay quiet, so he faintly smiled and muttered a small ‘’thank you’’ praying it didn’t sound impolite before sliding into the cool interior of the vehicle. Same leather seats, the same sound of the AC from yesterday; Jimin traced his hands along the seat and slid his way all the way to the left. If he tried hard enough, Jimin could just imagine Hoseok sitting right back with him like yesterday, but his imagination wasn’t going to be enough.When did he become so needy?Once the door was closed, Sacha made his way over to the other side and hopped into the driver’s seat, quickly buckling himself in as he put the engine in drive.‘’Mr. Jimin, I must confess that I haven’t gotten an assistant in this car since last year! And that was the first time in all my years of driving for Mr. Taehyung.’’The car pulled off into the street and stopped at a red light.‘’Really? Is that a good thing?’’ Jimin asked, and Sacha shrugged his shoulders lightly.‘’I’m not sure, if I’ll be honest. Taehyung was very happy with that assistant to let him ride in this car, so I can only imagine he must be very happy with you.’’
Him.
So Taehyung only gave this special service to Jimin and one other assistant from last year? What exactly did that mean, and what happened to that assistant?Jimin leaned his head against the window of the vehicle and idly watched the cars that went past as the light turned to the green and the Benz moved down the street, passing clusters of people that turned into small blurbs.‘’If you make Mr. Taehyung happy, then I know you must be a very good person.’’Jimin sighed.‘’I don’t know if that’s true Mr…Daniau,’’Sacha waved a white gloved hand off from the front seat and smiled.‘’Please just call me Sacha, Mr. Jimin, and I am very sure you are good enough to have Taehyung be this jovial.’’There was a short silence as Jimin listened to the classical music from the stereo, before he suddenly looked up towards the front seat.‘’Sacha, is your last name French?’’The driver nodded as he made a right to the next street.‘’Yes it is, I’m French native.’’Jimin smiled, recognizing his speech laced with French accents. It was almost similar to Andrés.‘’I think if I remember correctly, Daniau is ‘Daniel’ in French, right?’’At this, Sacha began to laugh, a deep hearty sound that reminded Jimin of the nice elderly men he’s seen at breakfast restaurants on Sundays or Santa Clause.‘’Yes it is, Mr. Jimin.’’‘’Oh, just call me Jimin.’’ Jimin added, and Sacha’s grin grew wider.‘’It’s quite nice to know someone who has some knowledge of French names. Did you study it in school?’’Jimin shrugged as he leaned back against the seat.‘’Sort of, I took a French class for a few months my freshman year of college but it was only for a little while.’’Sacha glanced into his rearview mirror and smiled at Jimin before turning his eyes back onto the road. ‘’A good choice you’ve made, Taehyung.’’  Around eight minutes later, Sacha pulled to the curb of a building that looked like it came straight from Hollywood, the words ‘’ISLAND ANGEL’’ in white bold letters at the top, a few people standing outside at the glass revolving doors smoking cigarettes and talking on the phone.Jimin unbuckled his seatbelt when Sacha got out the car and walked around to the left side, opening Jimin’s door as he stepped out onto the wet gravel road and stood. It had begun to drizzle while in the car, and Jimin hoped his hair wasn’t falling out of place.‘’This is it?’’ he asked, and Sacha nodded.‘’Island Angel, a frequent favorite of Taehyung’s. He likes to come here for all of his hair and skin treatments, so you’ll become quite familiar with it soon, as I do expect you to be here for some time.’’Jimin glanced at Sacha and faintly smiled before thanking him for the ride and rushing to the sidewalk, stepping up onto the curb as he hugged his briefcase close to his side and walked to the revolving doors. Here goes nothing…When Jimin stepped into the revolving doors, a golden brown front floor was the first thing he saw. A receptionist desk stood at the front with the company words across the bottom this time in black, and beautiful marble flooring that reflected against the white ceiling lights. A few lounge chairs were around the floor, and once Jimin came inside, he could see the women that sat with magazines in their hands and scrolling across phone screens, their white Birkin bags right next to them. It was morning, so Jimin didn’t expect a lot of people to be here, but there was still a good amount.Jimin stopped at the front desk and met eyes with a woman who sat down, and he couldn’t help but almost gawk at her glowing clear skin and the strands of shiny black hair that fell beautifully at her sides. Was that what this spa did to people?‘’Hello, I’m Kim Taehyung’s assistant.’’The young woman’s eyes brightened and she opened up some type of notebook with written scribbles Jimin guessed were appointments and traced her manicured finger along the lines.‘’Ah, yes, Park Jimin right? He’s on the third floor in room fourteen, the door should be unlocked.’’Jimin thanked the woman and headed towards the bronze metal elevators and went inside, pressing his finger onto the ‘’3’’ button. On the way up, Jimin tried to calm the buzzing feeling of anxiety inside of him, but he wasn’t exactly sure how. It was a spa; the definition of relaxation and tranquility! Yet, Jimin couldn’t feel any of it, and he felt worse for not doing so.He wanted Yoongi or Hoseok by his side, people Jimin came to trust and felt comfortable with. He knew it wasn’t good to depend on people, but he didn’t know how not to, and he was too scared to learn.Once the elevator doors opened, Jimin walked out into a white quiet hallway with brown carpet flooring and scanned the numbers on the white doors as he passed. This obviously was a privately expensive spa that catered to the quiet and wealthy, and as Jimin made his way down the hallway, he tried to tiptoe his steps as to not be too loud.After a few doors down, Jimin stopped at the 14th door and stared at the metal knob and wondered if Sacha was still outside on the curb.
Don’t be scared, don’t be scared…
Knocking once, Jimin turned the knob to open the door and froze.Inside of a small dimly-lit room, a woman dressed in a white t-shirt and pants stood over a white massage bed and was applying something Jimin couldn’t see. There was a machine to the side with several types of things Jimin didn’t know were, and some type of jazz music was playing at a low volume in the corner.The woman turned around and glanced at Jimin, and he heard a voice that nearly scared him still.‘’Is that the food?’’Taehyung sat up from the bed and lifted the black sleeping mask over one eye before a sly grin appeared over his face. ‘’Well if it isn’t my assistant, Park Jimin.’’    ‘’Did he really say that?’’ Hoseok leaned back in his office chair and held the small glass globe Andrés had bought for him last Christmas and studied it closely. There was no way he had heard wrong, and it made Hoseok nervous.‘’He said it,’’Namjoon propped a long white pant leg over his knee and stared at Hoseok harshly from in front of his desk, a hand held at his temple that was leaned against the armrest.‘’I know he said it.’’All throughout the night, Hoseok had kept waking up only to hear those words bouncing around in the inside of his mind.
‘’I love you.’’
The thought alone made Hoseok place the globe back down into its stand on his desk and pick up one of the ballpoint pens and clicked it open and closed, his insides hosting its own gymnastics contest.‘’But why would he say it?’’‘’Because he must fucking love me, I guess!’’Hoseok knew he should place the pen down and not let his nerves get the best of him, but if he didn’t occupy his hands with something they were going to start to shake.‘’That’s not answering my question,’’ Namjoon lectured, and Hoseok groaned. ‘’Jimin just wouldn’t just say that randomly, would he?’’‘’Well it’s not like either of us know him very well, and he wasn’t completely conscious either…’’Hoseok felt his voice trail off as he drifted back to yesterday, back to when he picked up Jimin and placed him down in the hotel bed, those soft words barely becoming out more than a whisper.
‘’I love you.’’
Had Jimin been talking about him? Or had he just been talking about some past ex or lover he was still infatuated with? That is, what Hoseok wanted to believe, until he heard it again.‘’He said it twice?’’Hoseok nodded.‘’He said it twice, Namjoon, and I don’t have any idea what to do.’’Once Hoseok had laid him down in bed, Jimin—still holding onto Hoseok’s hand—had opened his glassy brown eyes just a bit and said it again.‘’I love you, Hoseok.’’Hoseok knew Jimin wasn’t fully aware of what he was saying; he had kept drifting in and out of consciousness in the midst of vomiting, and even did it again right after he had said those short words. But something about the way he said it: lovingly, coming out almost in a soft purr, his cheeks blushing pink and strands of his soft blonde hair damp from sweat; nothing about it seemed platonic. And it freaked Hoseok out.When Hoseok had called Jimin this morning, he hadn’t even expected him to pick up, but was surprised when the call connected in seconds.Now, he was conflicted, and wasn’t sure whether to tell Jimin or keep it as something small. Did Jimin want to know what he said? Did Hoseok even want to know what Jimin meant by it?‘’You should tell him what he said and ask him what it means.’’Hoseok placed the pen back down and felt his stomach begin to calm.‘’I’ll—I’ll tell him tomorrow, or something, or—fuck!’’Namjoon took his leg off from his knee and leaned in.‘’How do you feel about this?’’Hoseok paused and felt his heart jump, dating his eyes away from Namjoon’s gaze to his computer monitor.What was there to feel exactly? Jimin was just an intern that was put under Hoseok’s supervision, and he guided the younger through the offices and taught him how to answer calls and fax paperwork. It had only been for mostly a week, Hoseok had never thought much about Jimin but from the fact he was nice and followed instructions well.But yesterday felt different, Hoseok felt for the first time his view of their relationship was not the same in Jimin’s mind, and he didn't know what he was supposed to do.‘’You think he has a crush on me or something?’’Namjoon raised an eyebrow.‘’Well, is he straight?’’Hoseok placed his hand over the computer mouse and clicked off some excess files from his desktop.‘’How the hell am I supposed to know? We only answer calls and organize paper here Namjoon, it’s not like we really had an…off-work conversation.’’At this, Namjoon stood and straightened his Ermenegildo Zegna slacks and began his way out of the office.‘’Well, let me know how it goes, and don’t try to run away from it. The longer you put it off, the more it eats you up.’’And at that, he closed the frosted glass door behind him and was out into the rest of the floor, leaving Hoseok alone with his work, music playing from the radio, and a feeling forming inside of his stomach he didn’t know why.  Jimin hadn’t realized his palms had been sweating when he walked back into the wall, but the anxiety he felt course inside of him was enough of an answer.Within minutes of walking into the room, Taehyung had stood and excused the woman from her services back out into the hallway, leaving Jimin alone with the Devil once the door closed, which is exactly what he had been fearing.‘’As your first real day of work, I’m going to give you a makeover.’’Jimin brought his eyes up to Taehyung and watched as he effortlessly lifted the sleeping mask from his face and ran a relaxed hand through his hair, Jimin trying hard not to stare at the sight of Taehyung’s open chest under his white Terry robe.‘’Excuse me?’’Taehyung darted his eyes up to Jimin and frowned.‘’Are you dumb? Did I stutter? I said I’m going to give you a makeover.’’Quickly, Jimin began to thread his fingers together and backed his feet to the door, trying to figure out how quickly he could get out of the room before Taehyung could catch him.‘’But I-I don’t want…one. T-that’s not in my contract, s-sir.’’Only, Taehyung had acted like he hadn’t noticed a thing, and stood up from the massage bed and shuffled his feet clad in white slippers over to Jimin, the smell of his Sauvage Dior cologne hitting Jimin like a thick wall.‘’Did I ask what your contract said?’’A ball of sweat instantly broke under Jimin’s arm.‘’N-no but, s—‘’‘’Then you do as I say, and as you are my assistant, you have to look just as good as me.’’When Taehyung turned his head, Jimin slowly moved his hand behind by his waist and touched the knob of the door.‘’And I can’t have anyone around me be seen looking like this.’’The second he turned his head back, Jimin twisted the knob and opened the door, but Taehyung caught it and placed his large hand over Jimin’s and he flinched.‘’Close it.’’Where was Hoseok? Where was Yoongi? Jimin could only imagine Yoongi shoving Taehyung off from him, and what would Hoseok do if he knew what Taehyung said? Was this just the standard protocol of how Taehyung’s assistants were treated?‘’No.’’But for now, Jimin decided he would stand his ground as best as he could, no matter how scary those eyes stared into his soul.‘’Close it.’’Jimin furrowed his brow and held his breath.‘’No.’’And at that second, Taehyung pushed the door closed and it shut loudly, the force making Jimin jump as a cool wind blew across his face, Taehyung’s body now inches away from him.‘’I said close it.’’Now, Taehyung’s tone was much different than Jimin had ever heard it before, a husky baritone that made Jimin feel 5x smaller than he did before. He dragged his eyes down as far away from Taehyung’s gaze as he could to the floor, staring at his shoes just waiting for it to end.‘’You should start listening to what I say,’’Jimin felt his body stiffen as Taehyung dragged his hand around the side of Jimin’s face and up to his hair, running his fingers through it slowly.‘’I already told you I always get what I want, right?’’Jimin kept his eyes down and shut them before he nodded.‘’Say yes.’’He waited a few seconds before muttering a silent response that made Jimin frown in embarrassment. Why had he given up so easily? There was no way at this point he was going to last long enough to get familiar with this place, not after this.‘’And we need to get rid of this awful color,’’Just as he said it, Taehyung grabbed the strands of Jimin’s hair and balled them into a fist, yanking his head forward as he let out a trembling cry in pain, tears burning against his eyelids.Jimin wanted to bend down into a ball and cry. There was no way he could make it through this, any moment longer with this man and Jimin knew he was going to start bawling, but he didn’t want to lose this easily.
‘’All kids who go to school to study art or fashion always fail.’’
Suddenly, the words from Jimin’s father flashed through his mind and he popped his eyes open, determination heating inside of him. No, he wasn’t going to lose this easily, and most certainly not without fighting.‘’Are you going to listen to me or do I need to get rid of you?’’Taehyung jerked Jimin’s head back by his hair so his eyes were brought up to his, and he looked into them darkly as strands of his golden brown hair fell over his face, a sight Jimin would say was pretty if he wasn’t pushed back against a wall.‘’I-I’ll—‘’Taehyung tightened his grip on Jimin’s hair but he managed to quiet the light gasp that escaped his mouth.‘’I’ll l-listen, Tae—‘’‘’That’s sir, to you.’’Jimin brought his shaking hands up to Taehyung’s grip and helplessly let them hang by the younger’s wrists.‘’It’s the prettiest thing coming from your mouth.’’Feeling his cheeks turn a deep shade of pink, Jimin closed his eyes as his heart began to race at miles he didn’t even want to guess.‘’S-sir.’’Taehyung released his grip and Jimin fell down onto his knees and traced his hands over the areas that were grabbed, each strand touched almost burning underneath. He wanted to cry, but Jimin wasn’t going to let himself do so. He sniffed back up the tears that threatened to come down his face and slowly lifted his head to see Taehyung casually walk back to the message bed and sit down.‘’You should be glad,’’He lifted the sleeping mask off the mattress and held it between his fingers as he looked down at Jimin with a beautiful smile that didn’t meet the darkness within his eyes.‘’I only treat my finest toys this nicely.’’ 



Crybaby



Jimin opened his eyes the moment the stylist lifted up his head from the marble sink bowl and stared at his reflection in the mirror.After a total of five hours, Jimin’s once bright sunny blonde hair was now colored a dark mascara black, and he felt his eyes widen at the stranger glaring back at him.‘’Do you like it?’’A short woman dressed in black attire by the name of China moved besides Jimin and rested a gentle hand on his shoulder, her dark brown skin reminding him of a beautiful bronze goddess in the summer.But he didn’t feel like that right now, and while his newly dyed hair was wet, he felt a dagger of anxiety course through him.‘’U-uh, yes!’’Jimin turned up towards China and flashed the best of a smile he could make before dragging his eyes down to his lap. He didn’t even want to dare look at himself right now.He had been completely happy with his blonde hair, as while it was a tad bit damaged, Jimin thought it was the perfect color for the summer. It was sunny, golden, glistened in the sun like honey and put him straight into the vacation mood. Black hair made Jimin feel grown up, a faint reflection of the fall and winter time. But most of all, it reminded Jimin of who he was before he graduated high school; the black hair a reminder of how insecure he was and how much he had weighed.He had dyed his hair to forget that, to forget who he used to be and move on from that stage of his life through an array of several hair colors. And now, Jimin was back to black.Swallowing thickly, he turned his head back up to China and grinned again.‘’Thank you.’’China took a small towel and gently dried off Jimin’s head as she smiled softly down at him.‘’No problem baby, I’m happy to help anyone Taehyung likes.’’Minutes after Jimin’s encounter with Taehyung, he was escorted out into another room where he met a small team of employees in one of the hair salon sections, which was also where China, Taehyung’s personal hair stylist, worked. Jimin didn’t want to show them he was seconds from having an anxiety attack and worked up as best of a brave face he could and sat down to let them get started. Thankfully, China had a personality that made Jimin feel comfortable, and she stopped the onset of an attack without even knowing.Jimin hadn’t seen Taehyung since he left the room, and he knew once his hair was blow dried and combed, he would be going right back to him.But while he wanted to hate the man, there was a feeling in the back of Jimin’s stomach that made him tingle numinously. Taehyung was handsome, that much was fair, but there was almost something attractive in the way his voice touched down to such a low growl, or the way his hands were nearly three times the size of Jimin’s and held them over his tightly. It made him anxious almost, even though he had feared for his life back inside that tiny room.Jimin wasn’t sure which one he felt more, but decided he still wasn’t going to give up.‘’And you’re done!’’Jimin stood from the salon chair and looked at his reflection in one of the rectangle mirrors that had circled lights around the borders that reminded him of Hollywood and ran a hand through his new hair, a corner of his mouth turning up into a smile. It felt soft, looked shiny, and was much more healthy than it was before.Before leaving, Jimin thanked the stylists again and grabbed his briefcase off from the storage rack and walked out the room. He let out a breathy sigh and made his way down the hallway, taking out a small scribbled note from his back pocket that said ‘’room 25.’’A little after being practically shoved up against a wall inside of a massage room, Taehyung told Jimin that once his hair was done, to meet him inside of his own private room down around a few hallways. It was the last Jimin had seen before his head was dunked under water and dyed chemicals, and the thought of seeing Taehyung again made him walk a little faster in his step, but he wasn’t excited.After nearly five hours, Jimin was hoping Taehyung was in his private room sleep with Spongebob or something playing on the TV, if he was even human for that.The hallways smelled like shea butter and reminded Jimin of his grandmother’s home in Busan; always lit up with a balanced amount of natural fragrances that decorated the walls. It was times like these Jimin missed Busan, the streets, the people, the weather, the smells. If anything, Jimin would go right back just to see his grandmother, but he knows he wouldn’t be able to without being dragged back to the prison that was his parent’s home. It was fine though, Jimin could live knowing his grandmother would support him.Once Jimin came into contact with another hallway, he read the numbers on the door and sighed in anticipation. Was he going to be caught by his hair and thrown around the room again, clawing for a way out? Was he going to be simply yelled at? The mystery within Taehyung made Jimin uncomfortable, there wasn’t any telling what the model was going to do next and yet that was one thing he might’ve used to always keep Jimin on his toes, and it was working.Right as he began to near the twenty-fifth door, Jimin slowed his steps when he heard the faint muffled sounds of a person’s voice. They weren’t sentences, filled with actual words and syllables, but whines, moans almost and it made a light pink shade flush over Jimin’s cheeks as he took his footsteps to a slow and listened carefully.Maybe it was from another room; a wife enjoying her time with a mystery man she’s not married to wasn’t at all a stranger to Jimin because he had witnessed it before and knew it wasn’t a foreign to the insides of New York’s elite companies. But, as Jimin got closer to Taehyung’s door and hoped to get away from the noises, they only became louder, and much clearer.Stopping right near the front of the white door, Jimin widened his eyes when he realized it was cracked open, just a bit so that the sounds emitting from it chorused throughout the rest of the hallway. It was a man’s voice making the vocalizations, and quite raggedly.Hands trembling, Jimin glanced back at the piece of paper again for its confirmation and looked at the number outside on the door.‘’25.’’Jimin held his breath and inched in closer towards the door and slapped a hand over his mouth at the view of a man, dressed in black leather pants and Giorgio Brutini boots, stood over the body of what looked to be another man underneath on the table, who’s legs were wrapped around the other man’s waist tightly. Jimin wasn’t sure if he wanted to look away, but he couldn’t seem to get his eyes to. The sight was nothing Jimin had ever seen before in person, being someone who was never very successful with relationships, let alone hook ups. The sounds of the man who laid on the bottom danced its way to Jimin’s ears and out through the hallway, soft almost beautiful wrecked raspy cries that Jimin almost shuddered at hearing.Quickly, Jimin turned his head around to look for anyone walking around before he stepped closer to the door and looked in. Both participants were dressed, and the only thing Jimin could see being done was the mouth of the one who wore the Brutini boots on the collarbone of the other, but he couldn’t exactly see who.Jimin took one more nervous glance around the hallway, wondering where in the world Taehyung was to leave and have two men go make out in his room, before he looked back.Then, the sounds of the other man’s cries became louder and more intense, and Jimin leaned in his ear closer until his cheeks turned a dark shade of pink.‘’T-T-Taehyung,’’Without realizing, Jimin felt himself lose balance over his feet and hit his head into the door pushing it open and stopped before he nearly fell down onto the hard floor.Taehyung turned around and lifted his head from the table and looked down at Jimin, his hand covered over his mouth as he stared down at the blossom of red hickeys covering the stranger’s neck.‘’O-oh! I-I’m—‘’Jimin turned quick on his feet towards the door before he felt a strong hand on his wrist as he was pulled back.‘’Jimin, where are you going?’’Confused, Jimin blinked his eyes at Taehyung’s swollen lips and messy hair before he shut them and tried to pry his hand free.‘’I-I didn’t know you were busy, I’ll be—‘’‘’We’re practically done.’’The man who had been laying on the table now sat up and straightened the few undone buttons of his blue Ralph Lauren shirt and genuinely smiled at Jimin, his short blonde hair messy yet still looked amazingly beautiful. Jimin couldn’t help but stare at his plump pink lips, which weren’t as swollen as Taehyung’s.‘’Jimin, this is Jin.’’Glancing between the two tall men, Jimin shook his hand with Jin and stood, straightening the buckle on his Balmain dark wash jeans. ‘’Who is this Taehyung? He’s so pretty, he looks like a prize.’’Taehyung grinned at this as he put a gentle hand over Jimin’s shoulder.‘’My new assistant, isn’t he beautiful? I’ll have to be careful not to mess him up.’’The two men laughed at this and Jimin stood nearly frozen, gluing his eyes to the polished white marble floor.Once the other man left and Taehyung closed the door, the room suddenly felt two times smaller. There was a large bed that was neatly made and looked as if it hadn’t been touched, next to where two night stands stood side by side with both lamps on that created an orange warm glow into the room. The blinds were turned down over the windows, and there was a news station playing on the TV Jimin couldn’t really hear, as it was on mute.Nervously, Jimin walked himself towards the bed and sat down on the edge, holding his briefcase in his lap as he stared up at Taehyung, who left the few buttons of his red long sleeved silk shirt undone, revealing more of his golden tan chest in a low ‘’V.’’Jimin tried not to stiffen at this, but couldn’t help the circle of warmth that moved inside of his stomach as he darted his eyes away from the younger’s curious cold eyes, ones that didn’t match his warm skin.Without words, Taehyung walked over to the bed and caught Jimin’s chin and lifted it up, angling his head at different directions as strands of his black hair fell over his eyes like a curtain.‘’Just what I wanted.’’What about what I wanted?! Jimin almost screamed, but he bit his lip harshly, keeping his eyes away from the direction of Taehyung’s gaze.‘’You look gorgeous, angel.’’Jimin felt his muscles tense, and he balled his fists and turned his nails inwards, feeling them almost cut lines into his palms.He didn’t want to like Taehyung, he hated him he was supposed to hate him. But there was a feeling, a feeling he could feel get hotter each time Taehyung complimented him. Was it pleasure? Lust? He wasn’t sure what, but he wanted to drink every last drop of praise Taehyung gave him, and so far, it was tasting delicious.‘’Do you like it, baby?’’Releasing his breath, Jimin turned and looked up at Taehyung and contorted his face.‘’…yes.’’But Taehyung wasn’t satisfied, and he caught Jimin’s chin tighter and pushed it up higher towards him.‘’I don’t like ungrateful toys, Minnie.’’Jimin closed his eyes and exhaled another shaky breath and forced his tone to become as pleasant as it could be.‘’Thank you, sir.’’Pleased, Taehyung slowly took his hands away and walked over to the dresser under the flat screen TV and picked up a few pieces of paper. He looked good, Jimin wasn’t going to deny so, and it made him angry. His light brown hair from yesterday now looked like it had been lightened, a few shades of gold lighter than the one before, and it contrasted perfectly with his skin. Why did Jimin have to have black hair and Taehyung got to have the nice, summer tones?Shaking his head, Jimin kept his fists balled on top of his briefcase and turned his head down. But the longer Taehyung stayed quiet, the more Jimin kept replaying the sounds that he heard, the way Taehyung had kept the man underneath him still, dominance and aggression dripping over him like water and Jimin felt like he needed some to clean his memory.His heart wasn’t supposed to be beating like this, why did he feel like this?‘’I don’t have your contract here, but I can discuss some ground rules for now.’’Jimin followed his eyes over Taehyung as he grabbed a few sheets of paper and rested himself on the bed, his Dior cologne now not as much of a slap in the face earlier, but almost like a nice hug.‘’First, don’t ever call me by my name.’’Jimin raised an eyebrow at this but quickly made it go back down.‘’Why?’’Taehyung didn’t say a word at first, and Jimin didn’t dare want to look at the expression he was making, but instead, he felt a soft hand rest itself on top of his knee. Remembering the scenes from yesterday, Jimin swallowed thickly to quiet his jumping heart and tightened his fists further.‘’You must wonder why I wanted you to work for me, right?’’Taken a back slightly, Jimin nodded his head and rested his eyes over the small black designs over Taehyung’s shirt instead.‘’Several people have worked for me, Jimin, maybe even hundreds. They always fail because I never actually pick them and they always refuse my orders,’’If changing their appearance dramatically was always required, then, Jimin could understand why they failed, too.‘’I have had the delicacy of choosing one person to work for me, but they left.’’Taehyung breathed in slowly at this and Jimin lifted his eyes and admired the way his eyebrows seemed to furrow together when upset, a view that was most flattering when it wasn’t at him.‘’See, I like pretty things: art, clothes, cars. People are pretty, too, but boys are prettier.’’Jimin sucked in his breath sharply as Taehyung dragged his hand from his knee over to his thigh, and there was something he felt, but he couldn’t put a finger on what.‘’And you, Jimin, are one of the most prettiest ones I’ve ever seen.’’Now, the hand was moved slowly further up, and he wondered if Taehyung could hear his heart beating out his chest.‘’I knew you were beautiful from the second I saw you and I was dying to get my control over you,’’‘’S-sir, what’re you—‘’Every breath Jimin had was knocked out of him the second Taehyung placed his hand directly near the center of his hips and if he hadn’t been breathless he would’ve gasped.‘’There it is.’’Jimin flinched at the heat of Taehyung’s low hiss at his neck and turned to him with wide eyes, feeling a rush of heat cover his chest and neck before crawling up to his face.‘’The moment I saw those beautiful colors over your face Jimin, I knew what you were.’’Jimin felt his throat begin to ache and kept his eyes focused on Taehyung before he leaned him back down onto the bed, his briefcase falling down to the floor the only sound he could hear.‘’A masterpiece Jimin, you are a rare work of art.’’Taehyung leaned his head over and gently placed a kiss over his forehead, a soft, short touch that Jimin could only describe as being kissed by an angel, and while it was short, he felt himself melt into the bed in bliss.But this didn’t seem to be the mutual reaction, for Taehyung raised himself back up effortlessly and turned back to one of the papers in his hand as if he hadn’t just done anything at all, almost  as if Jimin didn’t exist. ‘’As you are, under my control now, I would much rather you don’t ever call me by my first name.’’Shock prevailing over his face, Jimin slowly raised himself onto his elbows and bore his eyes into the back of Taehyung’s head.‘’W-why did you just—‘’‘’When we get back to the building, you’ll sign your contract and you’ll officially leave your internship and become my fulltime assistant.’’Wincing at his cold tone, Jimin sat himself up and dangled his legs off the bed as he watched Taehyung get up off the bed, his hands nervously clawing onto his knees as he stared down onto the floor.Had he just imagined that?‘’Once you sign that, then I’ll cover more things with you.’’At this, Taehyung grabbed a wallet off from the dresser and rolled the sheets of paper into his hands, sliding a pair of Cartier sunglasses onto his forehead.Quickly, Jimin stood up and picked up his briefcase and nearly ran to the door after Taehyung before he stopped him in his tracks.‘’What the fuck was that?’’‘’Excuse me?’’Jimin felt himself cower in fear but kept his feet down; he wasn’t going to let him scare him away.‘’You can’t just fucking kiss me and then walk away as if it didn’t happen.’’Taehyung kept his dark eyes at Jimin before he suddenly stepped closer and rested a firm hand on top over his black hair.‘’You just don’t get it, huh?’’Jimin widened his eyes in confusion before Taehyung placed his hand over Jimin’s lips and ran his finger over them slowly.‘’You’re my toy, Jimin, and toys get used.’’   By the time Sacha arrived in front of Dulcet Kalon, Jimin had almost puked onto the ground. He wasn’t sure if it was just his car sickness, or if it was the fact Taehyung had put him in a whirlwind of a hundred emotions at once, but he wasn’t feeling nearly as best as he could.All on the way back, Jimin was trying to understand whether he hated Taehyung or he liked him. He wanted that feeling of his soft lips placed back on his forehead or the sound of him praising his appearance; realizing Taehyung noticed how much he blushes alone was enough to make Jimin melt. But most importantly, Jimin found himself wishing he was that man from earlier, and that was what scared him the most.Inside on the ground floor, several people ran out of Taehyung’s direction as he walked to the elevators and stood inside, pressing the button for the ‘’23’’ floor and leaning his head back against the metal wall. Jimin felt his mouth almost water at the sight of Taehyung’s eyes closed, head leaned back and hair gracefully fallen down, a magnificent sight that almost made him smile, but his memory caught it off.Jimin wasn’t very sure what Taehyung meant by a ‘’toy,’’ but it didn’t sound like something he exactly wanted to be. He was way more than just some, toy, and Jimin didn’t like that Taehyung put him down to that and wondered if that’s what he did to the one other assistant, too.The elevator doors opened to the view of a white wall where a man and a woman stood waiting to get inside. Jimin moved after Taehyung’s long footsteps and caught up with him down the grey carpeted narrow hallway before they reached a large round white desk that a woman sat speaking into a microphone attached to her headset. She nodded at Taehyung as he walked past and Jimin took note of her bright red hair. Definitely not Nancy from the twenty-second floor.The two stopped at a pair of frosted glass doors and Taehyung whipped out an identification card and pressed it against an electric lock that scanned the barcode before the doors opened with a satisfied click.‘’Remind me to get you a new ID, since you’re officially a part of the team now.’’Jimin tried to filter his excitement and took a mental note of Taehyung’s words as they walked into a widespread warm white interior, that didn’t exactly have the same pristine white accents from Jimin’s old office. There were large frames of blown-up magazine covers across the walls, and the inside was bustling with people walking in every direction, some talking on the phone, some running down racks of clothes covered in plastic. It was an organized chaos, and nowhere short of what Jimin expected the ‘’Fashion Floor’’ of Dulcet Kalon to look like.This, was his dream.‘’Hello Taehyung!’’Jimin followed Taehyung to a desk that sat next to a closed-in wall as a woman with short brown hair in tiny low pigtails sat, the same headset from the one outside wore over her ears.Her smile reached her eyes and Jimin couldn’t help but smile in reflection.‘’Hi Yeonjung,’’She took out a thick stack of papers and laid them on the ledge over her desk.‘’Wendy Williams is requesting an appearance next week, Crest has asked to film a commercial andddd….’’Taehyung picked up the stack of papers and tapped his finger impatiently.‘’Théo is hosting a dinner with Anna on Friday and wants your confirmation. You’re on line one.’’‘’Great, thanks.’’Taehyung took off down the hallway before Jimin realized and he sped off to meet up, clutching on to the strap of his case tighter at the number of glances he got from people as he walked by.Down another hallway on a hard right, Taehyung took out a pair of keys from his pocket and turned it into the metal lock of a glass door with blinds on the front, the door sliding open effortlessly. He leaned over and turned on some lights before it illuminated a decently sized office that was a little bit bigger than the one downstairs.Jimin walked in after him in awe. There was a dark wood desk in the front with a pair of matching seats, a black huge office chair that looked fit for a king, and two large beautiful paintings that were hung on one end of the wall and the other next to a large window that was covered with dark curtains. The blinds in front of the door were turned down as well, and Jimin could only guess Taehyung was a huge admirer of privacy. Understandable.Walking over to a seat in front of the desk, Jimin laid his briefcase down in one seat and slowly sat, looking over the desk for any signs of family pictures or friends, but came surprised to see none. He expected Taehyung’s life to be very colorful, but only saw one picture of a small white dog.‘’You have two offices?’’ Jimin asked, and Taehyung hummed in reply as he shifted through pages from the stack of papers he received from Yeonjung before sitting down into his chair slowly.‘’The one downstairs didn’t really become available until last month. Some publishing editor left or whatever, I asked to take space and they gave it to me.’’Jimin raised his eyebrows at this but decided not to question further. It was obvious Taehyung didn’t spend too much time inside of the office, as a greasy paper bag of Kirk’s Krispies was on the floor in the corner by a plastic bin; a New York donut restaurant that closed down three months ago.‘’I’ll get to you in a second just give me one moment.’’Jimin leaned back and watched as Taehyung picked up the black desk phone and punched in a button before he lifted the device to his ear.‘’Yeah, Lauren? Get Théo on the line he left me a message.’’There were some small mumbles heard on the receiver and Jimin focused his eyes on the painting on the right and wondered just how much it cost. $5,000 at most.‘’Théo? Yes, about the dinner…Je ne sais pas, I might be busy that day.’’Intrigued, Jimin straightened up in his seat and tried to remember all his French lessons from his freshman year of college.‘’Je n'ai pas de problème avec elle, you know how I feel about Anna she hangs out with Karl.’’Jimin frowned. Karl Lagerfeld?Even though still off-put by the man, he couldn’t deny his French was good. Very good.‘’I’ll show up, I want things to be on good terms for this year on the runway. I can’t imagine going to Paris with her and a bad taste on my tongue.’’There was a few ‘’mhms,’’ and ‘’yes’s,’’ before finally Taehyung let out a hearty giggle that made Jimin squirm in his seat.‘’Ah, ok, thanks Théo. Au revoir.’’Taehyung hung up the call and brought his attention next to stirring up his computer.‘’I have a dinner this Friday night at the Lure Fishbar for eight o’clock, with of course, Théo, Anna Wintour and maybe Karl but I asked for Barbara Palvin since she’s in the city but, who knows.’’Jimin nodded at this and watched Taehyung as he moved the mouse of his computer before he felt a set of eyes boring into him. He turned up to Taehyung and looked at him confusedly.‘’Why the fuck are you not writing that down where the hell is your planner?’’Gasping, Jimin quickly dove into his briefcase and took out the black planner Hoseok had given him yesterday, forgetting all about it after he threw up and passed out. He couldn’t keep going on forgetting things like this, it was really beginning to get on Jimin’s nerves. A bad memory was not good in the fashion world.‘’Also, I need you to change my doctor’s appointment from three in the evening to five. I have to take Yves to the veterinarian and I couldn’t book an earlier date. Poor thing is sick with something.’’Jimin struggled to move his fingers as fast as he could across the box for ‘’THURSDAY’’ before he felt his attention span stop to write the next thing.‘’U-uh, how do I call your doctors?’’‘’I give you my doctor’s card.’’Taehyung reached one hand into the drawer of his desk and took out a single white card and slid it over in Jimin’s direction.‘’Here,’’Jimin glanced up at the card and looked back down at his writing before he took it quickly with one hand.‘’I believe I have a meeting for this week, too?’’Jimin frantically opened up the planner and tried to remember where he saw the word ‘’meeting’’ with Hoseok yesterday until his eyes found the words and he pointed at it quickly.‘’Here,’’Taehyung blinked his eyes at Jimin and he suddenly felt his palms begin to sweat.‘’Where, Jimin? What fucking day is it?’’‘’O-oh,’’Jimin put his head back down to the planner and tried to ignore the tingle of warmth against his face before he looked back up.‘’Saturday, at three pm with a…Marco Bizzarri?’’‘’Gucci CEO,’’ Taehyung added, and Jimin nodded meekly with a small ‘’o.’’A few minutes of silence passed, with the only sound being the several conversations and printer noises from in the hallway before Taehyung clasped his hands once and leaned forward onto the desk.‘’Alright, since this is your first time and your real first day as an assistant, I’ll lean off for a few days until you get comfortable with it. I’m used to handling things mostly myself since all my assistants lasted barely a few days, so you won’t have to worry about me forgetting anything.’’Jimin watched as Taehyung moved the stack of papers from the side of his desk and took out a set of a few others from underneath where Jimin couldn’t see.‘’Let’s go over your contract now so I won’t have you working illegally for me.’’Now, Jimin put the planner to the side and leaned the chair closer to the desk as he could get. The contract seemed thin, maybe two or three pages, which was good because Jimin didn’t feel like reading a whole lot. He watched as Taehyung briefly scanned the pages before he straightened them together and flipped it over so Jimin could read.‘’First things first, you’re my assistant. So, you do things like set my appointments, answer my calls, walk my dog, get me food, follow me to photoshoots and meetings et cetera.’’Jimin nodded as he kept in pace with Taehyung’s words before a small smile worked its way across his face. Hoseok said Taehyung’s dog was nice; it’d be cool to have a dog to walk since he never had one before.‘’You can just generally look over these things as you see fit,’’Taehyung pushed the contract further to Jimin and he began to read each sentence, hoping to focus on every important part and catch any loopholes. But this was Dulcet Kalon, not any random neighborhood magazine.‘’While you are my assistant, this contract does prohibit any sexual or romantic relationships of the kind. So,’’Jimin slowly brought his eyes up to Taehyung and looked at him nervously, a spark of something dark within them but Jimin wasn’t sure exactly what.‘’If you end up liking me, we may have an issue.’’But a smirk displayed over his face, and at that, Taehyung stood up from his chair and picked up a small basketball from a shelf behind him and began to stride around the room.‘’Of course, only if you can’t keep quiet.’’Jimin frowned at this and flipped the contract all the way to the last page.‘’What do you mean?’’Taehyung stopped at the front of the desk and sat down at the edge, his legs dangerously close to touching Jimin’s but he didn’t bother to move them away. He was too focused on the look etched across Taehyung’s face and was struggling to find the perfect look for it.‘’What I mean, Minnie, is that you are like my property from now until this contract ends on January of 2018.’’‘’2018?’’ Jimin repeated, and Taehyung nodded, nonchalantly tossing the basketball from hand to the other.‘’You’re not in school, right?’’ he said, and Jimin grimaced.‘’No,’’ but he knew it was a lie. Jimin couldn’t imagine working as a senior and a top model’s assistant. The dynamics just didn’t seem like it would work, he would be making appointments while doing statistics homework; a thought Jimin didn’t even want to try and grasp.Maybe, this would end before January, and he could leave just like all the rest of Taehyung’s assistants.‘’Good, then you should be able to fulfill the term of the contract. If, by any means, you choose to leave, you’ll collect all your appropriate earnings that you’ve made and be on your way.’’There was a light sound at the end of Taehyung’s sentence, and he held the basketball in his hands and looked down at Jimin blankly.‘’I can give you some privacy or time to sign if you wan—‘’‘’No, that’s fine.’’Jimin took the black pen into his hands and quickly signed his name in signature one line before signing again on another. He was always bad with impulse decisions.Once the signatures were made, Jimin pushed the contract onto the desk and sat back into his seat.‘’Anything else?’’Taehyung blinked his eyes at Jimin for a few seconds, before the corner of his mouth turned into a satisfied smirk.‘’No, you’re done for today. But,’’Jimin rose to stood and stopped when Taehyung spoke.‘’Burn this blazer.’’‘’Why?”’Jimin glanced at his dark blazer and touched the fabric, checking for any signs of lint or a broken hem he didn’t notice. But it was perfectly fine, just as he left it when he last used it for a college dinner last year.‘’It’s Tommy Hilfiger, he’s too…’’Taehyung paused in a search for words and Jimin looked up at him perplexed.‘’American. There’s the American and the American American, and Tommy looks like he voted for Trump so, no.’’Jimin shrugged off the blazer and looked at the white label sadly. Tommy did seem like the type…‘’Alright, fine. I’ll come tomorrow in—‘’‘’Pink!’’Taehyung looked at Jimin and smiled brightly.‘’Come tomorrow in something pink and I’ll reward you.’’Jimin wasn’t sure if it was possible to feel any worse about Taehyung, but as he walked out of his office the only thing he could hear in the back of his mind was the very one thing he had been fearing. ‘’You just signed a deal with the Devil.’’    Somehow, Jimin’s hands managed to press the ‘’22’’ floor in the elevator and put him back inside the simple plain hallway he had grown accustomed to, walking down the hall easily remembering the very first day he walked in. A shaky, scared college student who still forgot to comb his hair. Even though it had just been a little over last week, to Jimin it felt like it had been ages.He grinned at Nancy who sat at the reception desk before using his ID—still with the twenty-second floor code system—to get inside through the glass doors and towards his old office. From away, Jimin could see a tall man’s broad shoulders and slowed his steps before a wide smile appeared over his face and he knocked on the doors once.‘’Hello?’’Peeking his head in, Jimin smiled at Namjoon’s face first before he turned to Hoseok who sat at his desk adjacent to the door, his sunshine kissed hair settling a good feeling within Jimin’s stomach.‘’Jimin? It’s so nice to see you!’’Namjoon greeted the younger man before standing up off the desk he leaned against and straightening his G-star white pants. Jimin did always think Namjoon had the best fashion sense on the floor. It was nice to see his choice of clothing again.‘’Hey Joonie, Hoseokie.’’Namjoon glanced down at Hoseok and Jimin caught the look of faint frown before he turned away and started his way out. He almost thought he imagined it.‘’I have to go run some work now, Endra wants these copies in so, I’m going to get them taken care of. Nice to see you Jimin!’’Jimin waved Namjoon goodbye and let a small pout crawl its way over his face as he stopped in front of Hoseok’s desk and pulled out the chair. He was hoping they could all sit together…‘’Are you busy? I’m sorry to just be barging in like this…’’Hoseok sat up and brought a light smile over his face, but Jimin realized that it didn’t reach his eyes like it usually did. Maybe it was a rough day.‘’Oh no, it’s fine Jimin. You know, I had been meaning to talk with you.’’Jimin felt himself stiffen slightly at the sound of hesitation in Hoseok’s voice before he sat down slowly onto the plush leather seats, tracing his eyes briefly over the piles of paperwork laid out in front of Hoseok.‘’What do you wanna talk about?’’Hoseok compiled the sheets of paper and pushed them to the side, a look of discomfort painted over him that Jimin couldn’t quite identify. It was rare to see him look like this.‘’Do you…remember anything you said that might’ve been, strange yesterday?’’‘’Strange?’’ he repeated, a small chuckle falling out his mouth in nervousness. There were many strange things Jimin probably had said, he was even more surprised that none of them had been brought up but decided either it was too embarrassing or everyone forgot it.If there was one specific thing he might’ve said that was strange, Jimin wasn’t sure what.‘’Yeah,’’ Hoseok added, now twirling a black pen within his fingers. He was anxious. ‘’Anything that you might remember that sounded a little…out of character, or sudden.’’Jimin felt his face go white and he brought a hand up over his mouth.‘’Oh no,’’Hoseok jerked his head up at this and looked over Jimin’s eyes almost in a sense of hope.‘’Did I say I wanted to fuck you?’’The sudden remark made Hoseok break down his nervous exterior into a laugh laced with joy, and while as embarrassing as the possibility of saying such a thing was, Jimin was happy it seemed to make him relaxed.‘’No, more like ‘I love you.’’’The words hadn’t settled into Jimin’s mind when they were first said, but as the next few seconds of silence passed he felt his heart nearly fall to his feet.‘’W-what?’’Hoseok breathed in sharply before casually shrugging, as if to make the intensity that suddenly concealed the room a lot less serious.‘’Oh, it was just, y’know a little remark. I didn’t think anything of i—‘’
Oh, no.
 ‘’Jimin?’’He had thought it had just been a bad dream, or one of those nightmares that touched a little closer to reality than liked. But what Jimin had dreamed throughout his night of sleepless rest was that he looked at Hoseok and said those exact dreaded words, and the realization that it had not been just a bad dream but a memory from the past day made a well of tears form in Jimin’s eyes.And he couldn’t find a way to stop them from running.‘’Jimin, why are you crying?’’Hoseok was concerned now, worry veiled his voice with a shaky breath and Jimin hated that it was all because of him. Why did he always have to end up crying?Aggressively rubbing at his eyes and sniffing up the snot that tried to come down, Jimin frantically got up from the desk bolted towards the door, his vision blurry with thick tears.‘’Jimin, w-wait!’’It was Hoseok calling out to him, but he didn’t want to hear his name. He didn’t want to stop running but he didn’t want to make them feel worse. Not even when Namjoon’s voice called out his name did he find himself able to stop.First Yoongi, now Hoseok.Jimin ran as fast as he possibly could and tried to avoid bumping into anyone in his way, but his cloudy vision wasn’t working towards his advantage. This was the second day in a week Jimin ran away from Hoseok, and it was going to be the last.Jimin knew he wasn’t supposed to be like this, he wasn’t supposed to let his emotions come out this easily yet he was doing it right now, running away from his friends, running away from work, all because he was just one huge, stupid crybaby who couldn’t control his emotions.Because he knew, Jimin just knew.As much as he loved Hoseok Jimin knew it could never work, and he saw it as plain as day: rejection written all over his face. The possibility of a beautiful man like Hoseok being with someone like Jimin almost made him laugh in self-pity even though it was pained.He didn’t want to feel anymore, he didn’t want to hurt anymore. Jimin just wanted someone to finally be in love with him, for the first time.But as the elevator doors closed and he leaned his head back against the wall and rubbed his face with hot tears, Jimin opened up the screen of his phone and looked down at the tally he had started at the beginning of the year in hopes of it helping him that only made him frown with sadness.  
Park Jimin: 0 

Heartbreaks: 2




Distraction
Chapter Notes
wanted to make a little extra surprise and give you all a 2-in-1 as a thank you for all the feedback and comments! :) a Sunday chapter will still be coming up, too! enjoy~



‘’Jimin?’’  In the midst of bolting out of Dulcet Kalon’s New York Headquarters, Jimin had let his fingers find Jungkook’s name in his contacts. He wasn’t sure if it was the greatest idea, was scared and practically petrified if things ended up turning wrong, but prayed anyways that it would be ok, in the end.Which seemed to be the exact answer he got, for within a quick three rings after pressing dial, Jungkook picked up and spoke directly into the other line.‘’Y-yeah, its me.’’Jimin, outside on the sidewalk now, tried to rub his eyes free of any tears and hide the signs of it from his voice.‘’Are you ok?’’Jimin sniffed again and turned his puffy eyes up towards the sky in hope that the sun would help in drying his wet tears from his swollen face.‘’Yeah, I’m…Jungkook, can we meet up?’’There was a slight pause of hesitation and some muffled rustling and Jimin hoped that Jungkook wasn’t busy before a sigh of relief overwhelmed him.‘’Of course.’’ Of all the places Jimin expected someone like Jungkook to be, a dark gym located just a short taxi drive away in the Greenwich Village, not too far from Lower Manhattan and the East Village was definitely, not one of them. It was a nice large gym, and by evening, there were several groups of men in basketball shorts and tennis shoes, a recreational gym Jimin supposed, but felt overdressed in his suit and loafers.Opening the entrance door, Jimin was met with a cool strong breeze before he crossed into another set of double doors and glanced around the gymnasium. There was a basketball game on the ground floor, where a few men and women played, and down further Jimin could see a large sign that said ‘’BOXING’’ with a black arrow that pointed right. Jimin moved down into the hall and passed several groups of men who seemed to be 6’5 compared to Jimin’s bulky 5’7 making him feel much smaller.Finally, he reached one last door and walked into a much darker room with dim-lit lights where a boxing ring was placed in the middle and two men fought inside.There weren’t many people in the room, and the little that were didn’t seem to notice Jimin’s entrance, for they kept their eyes focused on the men with red headgear and black gloves in center, one much older looking man standing off to the side as the ref.‘’That’s it Jungkook, keep it right to the center and watch your face!’’Jimin inched in closer into the room and tried to crane his neck to see Jungkook’s face and almost gasped when he saw the few wet strands of dark hair fall over two dark brown eyes.‘’C’mon use your feet, use your feet!’’There were some men off to the sides yelling at the scene in the middle, and Jimin leaned against a nearby pile of red mats and folded his arms over his chest in awe. Jungkook, looked amazing. Each swift movement with his feet was brought by a smooth swing of his arms that exposed every bulge of muscle that glistened under the ceiling lights, and made Jimin’s heart pace much faster than he expected.And yet with each hit he made, it was directed right into the opponents headgear which made the observing men in the dark yell in encouragement.Jimin knew they were supporting him for being so good, but Jimin was looking at him because he looked good. So good in fact, that while in the midst of standing there watching, Jimin felt something tighten underneath his pants and he let out a low curse. It didn’t seem right to go from crying to being aroused in around thirty minutes, but that’s exactly what was happening.Finally, the match ended and Jungkook and his opponent patted each other on the back briefly before separating to sides of the gym. Jungkook hopped under the rope line and caught the towel from another few men who looked near his age and patted it at his hair quickly, letting the cloth hang around his neck before downing over half a bottle of fresh water.Jimin kept his spot by the mats and glanced down at his crotch and let his shoulders relax, thankful that his premature excitement wasn’t as noticeable as it was minutes ago.‘’Jimin!’’Up ahead, Jimin met his eyes with Jungkook and smiled as he used one end of the towel to pat at his damp face before stopping in front, a few stray drops of sweat dropping from his forehead and down his face. To one it might have looked gross, but Jimin thought it was one of the most attractive things he had ever seen. Memories from when he and Yoongi used to stay after basketball games at NYU and gawk at the players as they went into the locker room made him smile fondly.‘’H-hey,’’ he glanced down at the pair of black Nikes Jungkook wore before scanning across the pattern of his dark military joggers and a white fitted muscle tee that was damp around the neckline, making it see through just around the chest. ‘’I’m sorry I look like this, I know this isn’t quite a pleasing sight.’’Jimin widened his eyes and shook his head in disagreement. Jungkook was much more than a pleasing sight right now.‘’Oh, no its fine! I-I’m used to, stuff like this.’’Jungkook took the towel and draped it over his head like a scarf and looked at Jimin with warm eyes and noticed a small scar on the right of his cheek.‘’I work out, a lot, too.’’That was sort of a lie. Jimin hadn’t had a proper workout since he started his internship, and now as an assistant, he wasn’t sure that was going to change anytime soon.‘’Oh, really? I can sort of tell.’’Jimin watched Jungkook scanned his eyes over his body and he quickly turned his head away trying to bite back the satisfied smile that was begging to crawl over his face. He was checking him out, and looked like he was enjoying it.‘’I’m going to go take a shower, but I’ll be back in a few. Meet me by one of the basketball courts?’’Jimin lifted a smile over his face and nodded quickly.‘’Sure, sounds good!’’Jungkook grabbed a black backpack from a nearby table before he stopped and turned around.‘’Nice hair by the way.’’The hot blush that worked itself over Jimin’s face was enough of an answer he needed to know that he, was beginning to like Jungkook.  Jungkook didn’t realize how out of breath he was until he turned on the shower faucet and let the hot water rain down over his skin, washing away all the dirt and sweat and creating a foggy mist within the bath. Thankfully, his boxing membership’s gym location was a clean and highly facilitated building, with public showers that offered the appropriate amount of privacy and weren’t left with noticeable trash and grime, one Jungkook knew all too well when he first came to New York.It was nice, to realize how far he’s came, to look back at his first beginnings in the concrete city in heavy contrast to the place he was now. And while the journey had been long and far, Jungkook sometimes wished he could go back and leave the life of short fame and fortune he had found and trade it back for his sense of relaxation. It had only seemed to leave him sad, barely happy, and now, on a run for revenge.Where that was going to leave him, Jungkook still had yet to figure out, and he knew he was playing with fire but water most definitely wasn’t going to cut it.Jungkook leaned his head against the tiled wall of the shower under the faucet and closed his eyes, letting the water drop over his head and fall down over his face. None of this was right, none of what him and Jin was doing was right, but he couldn’t just do nothing. The nightclub had burned down and he had gotten to walk away without a charge or arrest, and it made Jungkook almost shake with anger.Jungkook had wanted to come back to New York but couldn’t go without a reason, but that all changed when he learned about the pretty new boy working on the twenty-second-floor. After quickly drying off and dressing in a fresh pair of a plain black tee and Givenchy light wash jeans, Jungkook shrugged his Jansport backpack over his shoulders and walked out of the public bathroom to the nearest basketball court near the boxing ring. There was a team playing on the glossy court and a few people sitting in the bleachers. Jungkook took in a shaky breath when he saw Jimin sitting by himself on the bleachers writing in something, a notebook perhaps. He wasn’t supposed to look so cute just fucking…sitting.Sighing, Jungkook shrugged the feelings off and walked up onto the bleacher steps, stopping when he neared Jimin just a few levels up from the ground floor.‘’Hey,’’Jimin picked his head up from the sketchbook in his hands and turned up towards Jungkook and grinned. It was the type of smile that turned his eyes into those small crescent moons and made the corners of his mouth reach all the way up towards his ears, tinting his face with that damn light pink shade. Jungkook hated it.‘’What’re you drawing?’’ he asked, taking off the backpack and laying it by his feet. Jimin straightened his posture at this and shrugged.‘’O-oh, nothing special.’’What was describing as ‘’nothing,’’ was a sketch of what looked to be a long flowing dress on a female body with faint pencil patterns of beautifully detailed roses and flowers that started at the torso, notes at the side labeling the fabrics and material used, the appropriate measures for each and more. This was far past than anything Jungkook would dare to describe as nothing.‘’Wow, Jimin this looks cool.’’This only caused Jimin to vibrate with giggles as he covered his face with a vigorous head shake.‘’It’s just a little sketch I’ve be working on,’’By the ‘’05/18’’ in small writing at the bottom, Jungkook could tell it was something Jimin had only just started recently yet it already looked amazing.‘’Are you a fashion artist?”Jimin turned his head to Jungkook almost in surprise before he waved his hands away in reject.‘’No, no, no I’m not…I wouldn’t call myself that. I just, like to draw fashion.’’Jungkook sat up in his seat with a nod of approval, trying hard to not let his smile become any bigger than it was. Jimin smelled like a mix of strawberries and cotton candy, and it made Jungkook shift in his seat in discomfort. Not only did the boy look amazing, but he smelled sweet, almost like a bakery.‘’Do you want to be a fashion designer?’’‘’Y-yeah,’’There was a silent pause after this and Jungkook took that as an initiative to take out the basketball in his backpack.‘’Wanna play?’’Jimin looked at the ball before he bit his lip and turned his brown eyes up to Jungkook.‘’Yeah, but you’re gonna lose.’’ Jungkook had found a vacant basketball court a few hallways over and turned on the lights, surprised that they had been turned off when usually each room; vacant or not; was lit up. It wouldn’t have shaken Jungkook off either way, and he tried not to think about what it’d be like playing basketball in the dark with a breathless and sweaty Jimin.‘’Is it really ok for you to stay? You don’t have to like, go out anywhere do you?’’Jungkook smiled at Jimin’s concern as the two crossed over to the rolled-down bleachers and placed his backpack on the floor. He was always so considerate, it was nice.‘’I’m free for the rest of the day, Jimin don’t worry.’’Jimin made a small reply and rested his briefcase next to Jungkook’s bag and took off his blazer. Jungkook decided to warm up and shot the ball from different angles on the court, igniting all his basketball skills from his more active days last year. He always felt bittersweet thinking back to those weekend games in the Bronx; that was his true basketball playing peak.By the time Jungkook had made a few shots, Jimin emerged onto the court and rolled up the sleeves of his white dress shirt, exposing the shape of his thick tanned muscles that was enough to make him stop and stare. He didn’t realize what he had been doing until Jimin looked up at Jungkook and smirked, cuffing the last sleeve under before he loosened his tie.‘’Staring up your opponent before you get beat, huh? Wise idea.’’Jungkook scoffed at Jimin’s sarcastic tone and turned his attention back to the hoop.‘’Yeah you wish, sure you wanna play in those shoes CEO boy?’’This made Jimin laugh cockily and he combed his fingers through his shiny black hair and smirked. Black looked good on him, too good.‘’We’ll see who’s talking when their ass is on the floor.’’Jungkook raised an eyebrow. Jimin really had a way with his mouth when he wanted to.Jungkook stood in front of Jimin and checked the ball to him first, giving him offensive leverage. But it was what he wanted; Jungkook was curious just how ‘’skilled’’ Jimin was making himself to be, and didn’t expect much until he turned his neck to the wrong side and saw Jimin go up to the hoop and make a perfect shot.Wide fucking open.The ball bounced on the floor in a deathly echo and Jungkook stared at Jimin in shock. He had just been blocking him, how the fuck did he get past him?‘’Close your mouth before it catches a fly.’’ Jimin chided, and Jungkook felt the corner of his mouth go up.Oh, this was going to be fun.Jungkook hadn’t been sure if he was even trying to keep track of the score, but if he could guess, around fifteen minutes later, the score was twelve to fourteen, with Jungkook leading. Jimin was not just good at basketball but he was probably well enough to be on a district team, or at least to pass tryouts. Even in a pair of loafers, Jimin was effortlessly moving across the floor and to the hoop in smooth rhythms that Jungkook could almost describe as dancing but he didn’t want to be poetic. If he wasn’t careful enough, Jimin would get past him in the blink of an eye and make a clean shot, and there wasn’t anyone to blame but himself.At around thirty minutes, Jungkook was almost itching to get out of his shirt at how hot he was and cursed for going to play right after he took a shower, but knew it was worth it. He was having too much fun with Jimin.‘’If a ref was here they’d call a foul.’’ Jungkook seethed, letting the ball bounce loudly against the hardwood floors as Jimin stood behind him, desperately trying to block him from moving to the hoop.But it only made Jimin smirk, strands of his black hair damp in sweat that covered his forehead, a smile laced over his face in no other than sheer joy. If only Jimin knew how he made Jungkook feel every time he put his body this close to him.Fucking tease.‘’Oh, yeah? Then where’s the ref to say?’’Jungkook stepped his foot out towards the hoop but Jimin got in front of him.‘’Or are you just making up excuses?’’‘’Shut up.’’Jungkook shoved his shoulder into Jimin’s chest hard enough to break his way through, not flinching when he heard his body fall to the floor as he took himself down to the hoop and shot a perfect one pointer, camera worthy.‘’Play against the rules and get played.’’Jungkook let the ball bounce away on the court and looked down at Jimin, who was still laying on the floor from where he had left him. Jungkook wasn’t sure if he was playing an act or was actually hurt, but walked over just to make sure.‘’Jimin, get up.’’There wasn’t a response, and Jungkook looked down over Jimin’s body and saw his eyes were closed, body still. He didn’t see the rhythmic up and down of his chest, nor did he see any other signs of normal consciousness and felt fear strike his chest. Oh, no. He just met the kid he didn’t want to accidentally do anything to hurt him already.‘’Jimin, Jimin.’’Jungkook bent over and looked closer into Jimin’s face nervously before he suddenly felt an arm jerk him down to the floor straight into the elder’s chest.‘’Think you can fucking play me?’’Jungkook froze before he felt his back flipped over onto the floor as Jimin hovered over, straddling himself onto Jungkook’s waist before he grabbed onto his wrists and pinned them over his head.‘’I don’t like to lose games.’’Jungkook frowned in resistance and tried to lift his knees up towards Jimin’s back in desperation but was proved pointless.‘’You bitch.’’The corners of Jimin’s mouth turned into a sly smirk and Jungkook felt his heart race.‘’So we’re going to play another game.’’‘’What kind?’’ Jungkook breathed, and Jimin leaned down close to his face until their noses were within inches apart.‘’Try to get me off.’’Heat rose to Jungkook’s face and he looked up at Jimin with wide eyes.‘’E-excuse me?”’Jimin giggled at his response and oh fuck did he look beautiful when he laughed.‘’Not like that, Jungkookie. I mean, flip me over.’’That sounded too easy. Jimin was definitely muscular but he wasn’t anything Jungkook couldn’t handle.Jungkook lifted his pelvis up as high as he could but was surprised it didn’t make anything but a worthless movement. Jimin sat comfortably looking down at him and held Jungkook’s wrists tight above his head, waiting for him to move.‘’I’m giving you one minute.’’‘’One minute?’’ Jungkook repeated, and Jimin glanced up at the clock in the gym and smiled.‘’Forty seconds.’’Now, Jungkook was almost furious. The fact that he had let himself be so easily swayed by an innocent face to the floor made him move every inch and part of his body as see fit just so he could win Jimin’s stupid little game.And said stupid little game was taking a little too much time to finish.‘’Thirty seconds,’’ Jimin continued, and Jungkook frowned.‘’You having a hard time down there, baby?’’Five seconds later, and Jungkook wasn’t worried about getting Jimin off him but more hoping he didn’t feel the growth at the lower half of his waist.‘’Fifteen seconds, c’mon Jungkook you’re not this weak are you?’’Suddenly, Jimin let out a loud cry as his back hit the gymnasium flooring with a heavy thud. Jungkook didn’t waste time before he pinned Jimin’s legs down and grabbed his wrists, throwing them to the floor above his head mercilessly. All Jungkook wanted to do was wipe that presumptuous smirk off his face.‘’Think you can fucking fool me?’’ he asked, his voice raspy in exhaustion. Drops of sweat fell from his hair and down to the floor as his chest heaved out in heavy gasps of air.Just as he had waited for Jimin to open his mouth, the gymnasium lights flashed off leaving them in the center of the room in a dark shadow, the only catch of light coming from out the entrance doors.‘’Shit, are they closing?’’Jungkook lifted his body off from over Jimin before he felt a hand jerk his wrist down and bring him right back to the same position, only now their faces were dangerously close apart, and Jimin was staring up at Jungkook with those half-lidded dark eyes that made him swallow hard.‘’Where are you going? Just stay with me.’’Jungkook threatened to lift himself back up again before Jimin caught his other wrist and looked up at him in a flash of worry.‘’P-please…’’Confused, Jungkook let his eyes fall down to the few open buttons on Jimin’s shirt and then to the tinted pink glow that he could see blossomed over Jimin’s face even in the dark.‘’Why?’’Jimin took Jungkook’s hands and put them together and held them at the wrists above his chest and dragged them down towards the belt of his pants.‘’Because I need a distraction.’’



New Beginnings
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




‘’Allergies.’’  Taehyung turned up towards the tall man dressed in a white ironed coat and raised his thick eyebrows.‘’Allergies?’ he repeated.‘’Yes, but for her case, these can be easily taken care of just with some medication.’’Taehyung leaned his head back against the basic cream stucco wall of the doctor’s office and sighed. Allergies was much better than the worse he had been expecting; like listeria or some type of disease.A morning visit to the veterinarian’s office was never on the list of things Taehyung particularly enjoyed, especially meaning he had to skip his daily stop for coffee at Starbucks, but for his babygirl Yves, it was worth enough.Fear had struck Taehyung when he noticed that the purebred Chow Chow began to sneeze, cough, and have watery eyes over the course of a few weeks. He had thought it had just been the filters that needed to be cleaned, his fans, the AC. When that didn’t work, Taehyung turned to air freshener and airing the high-rise condo as much as he could with fresh air, but that proved to be almost worse. So without a choice left to do, Taehyung booked an appointment as quick as he could find one and watched for the assigned vet to diagnose Yves with to the best of their knowledge. Allergies, was just like good news.‘’I’ll be assigning her just some basic Benadryl for now, but if the symptoms worsen give me a call to bring her back.’’Taehyung took his hand and softly combed the back of Yves white fur and smiled.‘’Hear that angel? You’ll be feeling all better in no time.’’ He had been relieved that Yves vet appointment went smoothly, and was thankful to God that she didn’t have anything that needed emergency attention. Yves was almost like Taehyung’s child, even if she was a constant reminder of what he did, who he was, and who he was with.Walking out into the sunny New York street, Taehyung sighed heavily and slid inside of the Mercedes, tucking Yves close to his chest as Sacha closed the door. This time last year, Taehyung was nearly a completely different person. Loud, obnoxious, no filter, a tongue that ran wild, figuratively and literally. If he were to say that he didn’t ignore the entire YSL brand for all of fall 2016, he would by lying. Sometimes, it was even hard to look at Yves at all, but he swallowed his pain and managed to be the best he could be.And like all seasons, that one passed and brought forth a new one, one that he wanted to be in for a while. Only, it was a little hard when your enemies face is plastered on almost every gossip magazine in store.Taehyung reached into his back pocket and took out his phone, searching through his contacts until he stumbled across a name that made him bit back a small smile. After a few rings, the call picked up.‘’Hello?’’‘’Good morning Jinnie~’’A deep hearted laugh moved its way to Taehyung’s ears and he closed his eyes for a moment and smiled. Seokjin was definitely one of his favorites.‘’Good morning, Taehyung. I expect you’re looking for the new files?’’Yves ears perked at the sound of Jin’s voice and she turned her small head up to Taehyung in curiosity.‘’Yes, do you have them?’’‘’Of course, Jungkook is quite an easy person to follow.’’Sacha stopped to a red light on the street and Taehyung turned his head onto the crosswalk and stared at a woman walking past holding a large newspaper with ‘’Rekindling Old Flames? The ‘Saint’ of New York Is Back!’’ in bold white letters on the back cover.‘’Yes he is.’’ Astrology had never been something that interested Jimin, and he damn near could give less of a shit about what his ‘’moon sign’’ was but he was beginning to think that it had to be the reason why everything was going wrong.Running away from work after an employee finds out he loves him, impulse-dialing a man he literally just met in the same week to meet up and then practically begging to have sex with him had to all come to some type of explanation. Not to mention the puking mess on Tuesday; Jimin didn’t even want to believe this was all happening in the same week.Just as Jimin had managed to say the one thing he least expected to, a figure from the doorway exit in the back of the gym emerged out onto the floor and Jungkook stood up so quickly from Jimin he almost yelled in surprise.‘’J-Jungkook? Where are you going?’’ he asked, and glanced back as the dark figure, dressed in all black, emerged further from the shadows, looking like a beast.But Jungkook didn’t say a word, and ran over to the bleachers and gabbed his backpack before speeding out through the other exit into the hallway. It was only when Jimin heard the flash of a camera did he realize just what Jungkook had been running from.Jimin almost wanted to slap himself in the face for how long he didn’t realize. Jungkook. Jeon Jungkook. Appeared on last year’s cover of Vogue September, which in the fashion world, is the epitome of winning a Grammy; how did Jimin not realize he was a top model?He knows he doesn’t pay attention to news or gossip, but not realizing just who he was talking with? It should have been more than obvious, but the model had changed so much.He used to have light, very light, almost bleached, bright blonde hair and pale porcelain skin when Jimin saw him in ads. He didn’t pay much attention to the model but his name was thrown around on E! News and TMZ a lot, which made sense because Jungkook was not only a model but a celebrity model, and he rose to the bar quickly. Jungkook knew several models, probably even Taehyung, which made Jimin shudder anxiously.Why hadn’t Jimin realized that Jungkook had been running away from paparazzi? It only made sense, of course, even though Jungkook had left the city in late December and didn’t come back for almost six months. Much to Jimin’s realization, New York has a very good memory.But being inside of a gym that catered to mostly private members? That was strange in its own right.On the way home from his heated basketball game at the gym, Jimin thought well if he was fucking up so much might as well keep going, and stopped at a nearby drugstore to pick up the closest thing to a pink spray hair dye he could find and continued home, almost stomping his way into the bathroom before he heard Yoongi calling him from the hallway. After quickly explaining his hair situation, Jimin fell into his bed and drifted off to sleep.So, when he had woken up and tiredly brushed his teeth to see a new text from ‘’TAEHYUNG’’ light across the screen of his phone, Jimin knew his week couldn’t get any weirder.
‘’Have my coffees before you arrive to work.’’
Jimin sighed and placed his phone back onto the counter. Here goes his first full day at his new job.By the time Jimin walked inside one of the elevators of Dulcet Kalon with a carrier of four hot coffees in his hand, his phone vibrated from his pocket and he took it back out and checked one new message.
‘’Carly has your new ID.’’
On the twenty-third-floor, Jimin stopped at the front large circle white desk and grinned at the woman with the red hair he absentmindedly named ‘’Firetruck.’’‘’I believe you have an ID for Park Jimin?’’The woman lifted one ear of the headset off and nodded at Jimin without looking and took out a plastic white card wrapped tight in plastic from a drawer. When she looked back up, she took a long stare at the top of Jimin’s head before one carefully threaded eyebrow raised over her eye.‘’Hey, wasn’t your hair black yesterday?’’Jimin stopped in mid-step and turned to the receptionist and grinned.‘’Wasn’t it blonde Tuesday?’’With a silent shock of affirmation, Jimin flashed one last smile and disappeared through the glass doors.



Chapter End Notes
The version of this story has come to an end.Before I stopped posting I actually ended up losing inspiration and it was difficult for me to come up with any content for the next chapter only because originally, this story was supposed to be short. I hadn't planned on making it multi-chapter and because of that, I didn't organize it as properly as I should have.If I organized and created an outline for this story, more chapters would have came out (esp. if my wifi didn't go awry) and the quality of the content would have been better.Which brings me to my next conclusion; I am just not happy with the way this plot worked out, and I'm not happy with a lot of the chapters so that collected towards me not wanting to continue it. This isn't the end, though! While I was posting chapters, I actually ended up gaining creativity for a better plot which frustrated me because I didn't want to delete the story when I had just put it up.Later this summer, you will be viewing a new version of this story, with much better quality alongside 2 more works I've already started creating. I apologize for this and I hope to see you again on the New and Refined, Devil Wears Gucci.Au revoir!Also, a sincere thank you to Ladyofthe_Alpha for originally giving me the idea of Jimin dying his hair pink!



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



