



A Glitch in the Matrix - MarionetteFtHJM - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

A Glitch in the Matrix
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/10917795.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jung Hoseok | J-Hope/Min Yoongi | Suga
Character:
Min Yoongi | Suga, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe - Military, Alternate Universe, technologically advanced world?, elements of science fiction?, Original Character(s), Minor Character Death, Min Yoongi | Suga is Bad at Feelings, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope is Bad at Feelings, Smut, Fluff and Angst, Angst, Happy Ending, Anal Sex, pretty vanilla actually, Bottom Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, You heard it here first, don't see that everyday in my works, Idiots in Love, Friends to Lovers, Humor, First Time, prequel but can be read separately
Series:
Part 1 of
No Honor Amongst Thieves
Stats:

        Published: 2017-05-26
        Words: 16902
      

A Glitch in the Matrix
by MarionetteFtHJM
Summary
For him, life'd always been about doing what was expected of him. But they didn't call them rebellious teenage years for nothing.The fist time Hoseok meets Min Yoongi, the kid punches him in the throat.The second time Hoseok meets Min Yoongi, he punches the other in the throat.And everything in between is quite the story.(or: Hoseok has a shitty childhood, runs away and gains freedom)
Notes
Ayoooooooo, prequel to L'art Pour L'art my Vmin storyDont have to read it to understand this i think but it would give you some insightI'm making this a series on its own so there will probably be another installmentAnyway, first time i've actually written angsty yoonseok?? what the hell?As always, comments and kudos are appreciated!a moodboard

          See the end of the work for more notes




A Glitch in the Matrix


“And you’ll join the military,” The man had told him.

“Yes, Sir.” He’d responded. 

“And you’ll be the best damn soldier the army’s ever had.” The man had grinned victoriously. 

“Yes, Sir!” He’d responded with an equally contagious grin. 

“And you’ll be just like your papa, won’t you kiddo?”

“I sure will, dad!” 
“Sure will, dad.” Hoseok thinks bitterly as he remembers how eager of a child he’d been.“I mean, I know I’m older but I’m not your dad.” The dark-haired boy next to him responds with a gummy smile.“Fuck off, Yoongi. We gonna do this or not?” Hoseok nudges the other boy with an elbow and pulls the door closed behind him.“Come on, we don’t have much time.” Yoongi smiles slyly and dashes for the computer.“They’re gonna be so pissed.” Hoseok grumbles, pulling his leather jacket closer to his body. The draft in the computer room was always exaggerated because of the possibility of overheating if the room were stuffy. “What are you gonna do anyway?” He leans over the other boy and Yoongi automatically shifts to the side so Hoseok can hook his chin over his shoulder.“Gonna delete all scheduled exercises for the next few weeks and give some people a well-deserved military leave.” Yoongi grins. The glow of the monitor bathed his face in the otherwise dark room.“You can't fire people from the military by using a computer, you know.” True, their military was technologically more advanced than most of the others in the world but still.“I’m not firing them, idiot- I’m giving them a paid vacation of 22 days so they’ll get off our case for the time being.” Yoongi rolls his eyes and continues typing furiously.Alright, that made more sense. Hoseok nods faintly and turns back to guard the door by looking out between the cracks in the blinds. Soon enough, it’ll be dawn and then they’ll have trouble escaping. They need the cover of the night if they want to make it out unharmed and un-scolded. He shifts nervously as he watches Yoongi work on the keyboard; fingers moving faster than he thought was possible.His wristwatch- that was also the state-issued communication system for the military- beeps quietly and he looks down. Sure enough, all of their military runs and exercises were cancelled.“You done?” He lifts his eyes to see that Yoongi is still working on something.“Almost, just need to delete your tracking history and then we’re gone.” Yoongi smiles to himself.Right, Hoseok thinks, these things have GPS tracking. He glares down at the device that had been placed upon him at such a young age. His glaring is interrupted by the sound of footsteps outside. He stiffens and makes a grab for Yoongi who is in the process of turning the computer off.“What-” Yoongi says, startled but Hoseok clamps a hand over his mouth and as the last of the monitor’s light dies, Yoongi sees the serious look in Hoseok’s eyes and the shake of his head.Hoseok drags them to the back of the room and into one of the lockers that belongs, ironically, to Yoongi. It’s convenient, he knows the combination, and it’s secluded. They need to wait out until whoever it is outside leaves. He huddles Yoongi closer to himself as the door is unlocked and opened. He feels Yoongi burrow even closer as the footsteps draw near. It’s a tight fit, they’re too close and if Hoseok wasn’t so worried for their safety he would have been blushing at the proximity.The person’s boots thud as they move around the room, flashing a light here and there. Hoseok feels his heartbeat speed up as Yoongi clings to him. This is dangerous, especially for Yoongi. Hoseok would probably just get sent to another base for more excruciating training but Yoongi could go to jail. He could be put in juvie and military snitches in juvie aren’t treated nicely (and that’s putting it lightly). Though, at this point actual jail seemed like the most likely option- they were running out of strikes.He doesn’t realize he’s been clutching at Yoongi harshly until the smaller boy whispers his name quietly. He’d been too lost in the spiral of his anxious thoughts to pay attention to anything else, even his fingers pressing bruises into Yoongi’s waist and back.“Seok, they’re gone, come on.” Yoongi says softly and Hoseok relaxes against the inside of the locker. “You okay?” The dark-haired boy asks with a slight frown.He nods, “Yeah, just, got scared.” Yoongi doesn’t question it and he’s eternally grateful for the other’s ability to just know when he doesn’t want to explain himself.Yoongi, instead, extracts himself from Hoseok’s hold and opens the locker door. They step out and he stretches. Hoseok looks at Yoongi who once again checks the outside before deciding the window in the back would be a safer bet. Yoongi motions for him to follow and Hoseok wordlessly does. They don’t need to talk; they’ve developed the ability to communicate through looks and miniscule gestures only. It never seizes to amaze Hoseok, this ability- and it also amuses him when everyone else is giving them looks of astonishment.The window doesn’t have blinds and that’s good because they can slip in and our without leaving a noticeable trace. Yoongi slides the window open and jumps out. Hoseok follows and slams it closed. The sound echoes a little but there’s no other way to close it. Yoongi levels him with a glare and he smiles sheepishly. Yoongi’s probably just pissed he’ll have to run.“I’ve disabled your tracking, by my calculations we have another five minutes to get to the barracks before it starts up again and you’ll be shown as if you’ve magically teleported.” Yoongi hisses and gears up for the sprint.“Fuck, but the barracks are all the way across the base.” Hoseok whines and starts running before Yoongi can throw another complaint at him.For all the grumbling he does, Yoongi is very good at keeping up and that’s saying something considering Hoseok is military trained and Yoongi isn’t. Then again, Yoongi enjoys fucking with the law- which has always ended with him running from it.They make it into the barracks with five seconds to spare and Hoseok literally throws himself onto the bed. Yoongi laughs and steps on him on his way to the upper bunk. The soldiers around them don’t stir, thankfully, and Hoseok pants in bed as he takes off his clothes to get some sleep. Due to their little mischief they don’t have to be up till lunch.“You know, you don’t have the watch. You didn’t have to run.” Hoseok mutters into the silent dawn.Yoongi shuffles around and hangs his head over the edge to look at Hoseok. “I didn’t want to get caught out alone. In case we had gotten caught, I would have blamed it on you. Maybe they’d have taken pity on me. Poor, fragile, innocent Yoongi.” Yoongi says seriously, hair splaying around his head like a dark halo.Hoseok snorts and Yoongi huffs a laugh. “Thanks… for running with me, I mean. And the schedule free-up.”He thinks Yoongi shrugs but he can't really make out the motion in the dark. He does however see the little smile gracing the other’s pouty lips. “You looked like you needed it. By that I mean: you look like shit, get some sleep.”Hoseok can't help the smile spreading across his face. It’s the sunny one, the one he reserves for Yoongi only on most days. Of course the elder had him in mind when he’d planned their next misadventure. Yoongi was nothing if not caring and considerate- and he got to fuck with the system while he was at it. It was a win-win situation. He stares at the bottom of the bunk above him as the affection blossoms in his chest. He stares at it for another few minutes until sleep claims his tired body.
Hoseok is, for the lack of better words, a military brat.His father and mother were both soldiers in training when they met and they’d hit it off immediately. A small-town girl and a boy from a big city, both looking for a purpose in life that wasn’t being dictated by their parents. After they’d been accepted into the military officially they’d decided to get married. Their parents had been against it, of course. They only wanted what was best for them but they were young, they thought they did know best. They’d known each other for a whole of three months before going through with the engagement. People were convinced that it wouldn’t work out, that they’d get a divorce as soon as the first bump on the road showed up. Both families were waiting for that day to come, wishing it would hurry up. But it never did. They’d been young and stupid but their love never faltered. Not even a year and a half later when they were told they’d be shipped off to fight a war that their country had no right being part of. It had been simple then, at least for his father who had made the decision in his mother’s stead. Hoseok resented him for that but his father had the best intentions.Pregnant soldiers will not be deployed or assigned to a command overseas until at least six months after giving birth- had been his father’s reasoning. And his mother could only watch sadly as he was shipped overseas while she stayed back to endure the pregnancy on her own. She’d continued to work through it; the military did have a program for pregnant soldiers after all. She worked through it relentlessly, went to counseling and trained even if she couldn’t wear her armored uniform or climb any ladders.He did it to save her, his father had once told him. He did it to save her but in the end- she died at childbirth. Nobody could have predicted it and Hoseok knew this but he couldn’t help but resent his father for it (amongst other things). He hated himself a little, too, because he could see the look in his father’s eyes sometimes. Like the man blamed him as well as vice versa. Hoseok loved his father but right now, as he went through another month of grueling training sessions at the tender age of 17, he hated him, too.He’d been raised on base; all he knew were other soldiers and the staff in the kitchens that sometimes watched him when his father was off climbing ranks. When he was younger he had been so excited to grow up and be just like his papa. A big, strong army colonel (at the time) always off on missions and being sent to see the world. He hadn’t understood it, why his mother was gone but he never questioned it. He played with other military brats that were left to their own devices as much as he was- going from daycare to the nannies, back and forth. He knew what his father was doing was important for their country and that had been enough back then.Back then when he didn’t have all these rebellious thoughts and this self-doubt running through his head. Back when he wasn’t conscious of the world around him. Back when his father wasn’t forcing him to follow his footsteps.He’d gone to school, enjoyed art and literature and chemistry but parallel to that he’d gone to training. His father, always thinking of him, had enrolled him in a special program that had him training in all fields of the military from the young age of twelve. He’d barely been able to lift more than a potato sack when he’d been ushered out of the classroom along with some other girls and boys and given a special schedule to follow. From then on, school had been divided between training and only studying what was necessary.No crime fiction or classic literature, only strategy books and War and Peace. No liberating art for the heck of it, only map making and blueprints reading. No chemistry for educational purposes and fun, only combining substances for optimizing explosive effects. And physical education? Well, that had been turned into flat-out military training.That was the day that the love he had for his father started sharing its space in his heart with resentment.Then, well, then he met Yoongi. Min Yoongi was scrawny when they’d met- not that he was any more muscular now, but Hoseok had first noticed the boy’s knobby knees and pointy elbows along with the mop of shaggy brown hair that covered the boy’s eyes. Yoongi had gone to school with them, the special one, but he never did anything physical. Hoseok had been puzzled at first but as time flew by he realized not everyone in their special class was skilled in every aspect like he was.They’d been fourteen when Hoseok had first gathered the courage to speak to Yoongi. A whole two years after their class had been formed. It wasn’t Hoseok’s fault. He was always fascinated by the silent boy in the back of the class but back then he’d also been scared. Fortunately, years of training took the fear of the mundane out of you (now, his only real fear is the loss of a loved one- a fear that was deeply rooted in his bones).The first time they had talked to each other, Yoongi had punched Hoseok in the throat. Granted, it was Hoseok’s fault because he’d snuck up on the boy and startles him. But after a coughing fit that took a while to recover from, sore throat and a pain in his neck, he’d apologized and introduced himself properly. He’d known Yoongi didn’t have many friends in class, part from a black-haired girl that was even more isolated than he was, so he wanted to be nice. Albeit, two years too late but- better late than never. And maybe the wish to be nice wasn’t the only thing fuelling him. It might have been helpless fascination that he held close to his heart.‘The fuck do you want?’ Yoongi had grunted in annoyance. Hoseok had been taken aback by the deep voice the boy had already possessed and the slight growl in it that sent chills up his spine.‘I want to be friends with you,’ He had responded childishly, earned himself a raised eyebrow and a glare from the other boy who happened to be a year older. But he’d just smiled and shared his gummy bears with Yoongi and Yoongi, well, Yoongi never got rid of him after that.Yoongi, as an individual, was peculiar. Hoseok had seen through his tough shell from the start but he still allowed Yoongi to keep up the pretense. The only person he’d seen Yoongi smile at- aside from him- was the dark-haired girl, Lexa. He’d been surprised at first but then after hearing about their actual story, it was pretty understandable. Both the connection and the tough-guy mask Yoongi put on.It took almost a year for Yoongi to open up to Hoseok and in between classes and the little spare time they had, Hoseok had managed to worm his way into Yoongi’s heart. He was loveable, they’d told him, and he used it to his advantage. But he could never place what was it that had him so drawn to the older boy. But he knew, more than anything, that he wanted to protect him. Even if in the later years, it was always the other way around- but Hoseok tried, okay.Yoongi had told him about his past on a summer evening when he’d been sixteen and Yoongi had been seventeen. Hoseok, long past his innocent stage and phase, listened raptly. Yoongi always had a more mature understanding of the world and Hoseok looked up to him in the years to come. They’d snuck up onto the roof of the IT building on base, the tallest one, and laid there while Yoongi told him the story.The older boy, whose hair was then a vibrant red, retold him all about how he’d been thrown out of his own home by his mother’s brother after she’d died and about how he met Lexa in the orphanage. Yoongi and his mother had been living with her brother since Yoongi was born and the man seemed to be okay with that even if he was extremely distant from them. The boy’s mother never minded but Yoongi was always uneasy around the man, even as a child he never trusted easily. His mother had gotten sick and they didn’t have the money for treatment so Yoongi could only watch as she slowly withered away, the smile never leaving her face. Hoseok still remembers how Yoongi’s eyes had glossed over as he spoke of her, that was the closest he’d ever seen the other boy come to tears. But then Yoongi had quickly blinked them away and resumed his story. Hoseok can still remember how his heart had ached for the other boy.The story had continued, Yoongi telling him about his life on the streets until the police picked him up and dropped him off in the orphanage after his uncle chased him out of the house. He told him about how the orphanage had an old computer; one of the oldest models out there and about how Yoongi had discovered his talent for programming and anything computer or machinery related. Then the other boy told him about Lexa but not in such detail. Hoseok respected that, he didn’t know the girl that much anyway. But she, as opposed to Yoongi, was skilled with guns and knives. Yoongi had only revealed two words gangs and mafia and that had been enough for Hoseok. From that night on, they’d been almost inseparable and Hoseok’s sixteenth and seventeenth year of life never more fun.Yoongi enjoyed fucking with the military as much as he enjoyed screwing the police over. He had an uncanny affinity towards all things mischief and Hoseok could always tell when the older boy was up to no good. He’d been scared at first, but after their first time getting caught- well, they realized they were in a position of power. The military needed them. They were raised and groomed to be a special unit and Hoseok- being the son of the, now, general- was more valuable than any other asset. Hoseok didn’t think of them as superheroes, per se, but they certainly weren’t normal either. He liked to think that if his life were a comic book, he’d be the villain but then again- he never had the heart for killing. Even if it meant he would starve. To this day he still shuddered when he remembered the two weeks they’d spent in the wild fending for themselves. He had only been grateful that Yoongi had been spared of such task because nothing he did was physical aside from a few self-defense courses he’d been forced to take.He’d always wondered how Yoongi had always kept up with him as well as he did when they were running away from trouble. And run away from trouble they did.It started off small. TP a house here, spray-paint some dicks on some buildings there. But Yoongi’s appetites had grown and Hoseok had been left to follow- not that he had any qualms about it. No, his own rebellious streak coming in long overdue with the absence of his father had spurred him along with Yoongi’s shenanigans. Hoseok loved the thrill of it, the adrenaline and Yoongi’s laughter as they ran the halls of emptied out buildings and warehouses. Yoongi had always found the weirdest places for them to hang out at but they’d always have to go back to their barracks in the evenings. Slowly they’d learned how to avoid the running, though, and Yoongi had stared always carrying a high-tech laptop or tablet with him. And Yoongi had also started getting more aggressive with his attacks.Now this development was new and Hoseok was now, for the first time, a bit unsure of their doings. Just last month, Yoongi had taken the liberty to practice his hacking skills on their own system and security. Hoseok had been away for underwater training at the time but when he came back, Yoongi had been grumpier than ever and he’d refused to tell him why. Instead, Hoseok had found himself in the IT building and the tech sector more often than not. It was taking a toll on his nerves because he always had to keep look-out while Yoongi tried to get into the encrypted files. The worst part was that Hoseok had no idea what Yoongi was looking for. He was only left to guess until the time was right.Never the less, he trusts Yoongi with his all his heat and soul no matter what the other does, he doesn' think that fact will change.
The time appeared to be right the day his father came back, which was today.Hoseok was standing in their family home, house- he thought to himself, his home were the barracks- in front of his father in an intimidating-looking uniform.“I’m what?” Hoseok blinks slowly at his father, hand clenching and wrinkling the bag of gummy bears he was going to give to Yoongi. Yoongi who he was supposed to meet out by the training fields to shoot some hoops because they had the day off.“In a month’s time you’re going to be pronounced captain of the elite unit and you’re going to be sent on your first mission.” His father repeats slowly without keeping the exasperation out of his tone.“I’m going to war?” He blinks again, the bag almost slipping out of his hand.“No, of course not, there is no war going on.” His father grins, “Not officially anyway.”“So- Cold War?” Hoseok squints accusingly and his father rolls his eyes.“Yes, if you must call it that. Espionage, Hoseok, it’s what you’ve been trained for.” His father continues and takes off his beret to ruffle his graying hair.“Well, gee, would have been nice if someone informed me.” He crosses his arms over his chest and his father eyes the gummy bears with a frown.“You still hanging around that Min kid?” His father shakes his head, “He’s bad news, Hoseok, even if he is talented.”“He’s my friend; you’ve dictated my life enough.” Hoseok grits out through clenched teeth. “I don’t want to be a captain. I don’t want to be a leader. And I sure as hell don’t want to be a spy.” He’s on the verge of stomping his foot but he doesn’t want this anymore.“Of course you want to, what else are you going to do?” His father scoffs loudly and turns to walk to the kitchen.Hoseok gets it then, he has no choice. He’d been robbed of a normal childhood, his chance at a life outside the military taken the day he’d been placed in the special program; his future had been sealed since he was twelve years old. His shoulders slump as the all the breath leaves him in a gush. He’s stranded and there’s no easy way out. He has to do what his father wants him to do. He has to take on the responsibility of leading the team. Nothing he says now will help him.With his will thoroughly shaken and all his hope buried deep inside his chest, he leaves the house to meet with Yoongi.He drags his tired feet towards the meeting spot lifelessly. He just wants to lie down and sleep for the next twenty years; possibly wake up to a better future. His motivation is draining fast and not even the thought of Yoongi waiting for him makes him hurry up. If anything, the thought of Yoongi being shoved into a room with computers with superiors breathing down his neck (or even Yoongi on a mission in some dingy van near danger) while he’s out there leading a team of highly-trained operatives is enough to evoke a reaction from him. He’s resigned himself to his life, or so it seems. There’s no way out; at least for him. The general’s son, he thinks bitterly, resentment stirring up a nauseous feeling inside his stomach.He drops the gummy bears into Yoongi’s lap and promptly lies down onto the warm concrete to stare up at the treetops. Yoongi looms over him and gives him an inquiring look but he just shuts his eyes and wills himself away.There’s rustling next to him as bright spots appear behind his closed eyelids and then Yoongi’s arm is pressing against his.“He told you, didn’t he?” Yoongi says softly, voice still holding that slight rasp that has Hoseok almost whining out loud.“You knew?” Hoseok scoffs, it sounds self-deprecating. “Of course you did.”“I was gonna tell you, after…” Yoongi trails off mysteriously and Hoseok cracks open an eye to look at him.“After what?” He sighs.“After I’ve found a way out.” Yoongi throws an arm up vaguely.Hoseok turns to the side to look at the older boy fully with an incredulous expression. “There is no way out, and even if there was- where would you go?”Yoongi shoots him a soft look that takes Hoseok aback. “No, Seok, it’s where would we go.”He’s, for the first time in a long while, rendered speechless. He just stares at Yoongi with eyes wide open while Yoongi gives him a gummy grin.“You didn’t think I’d leave you behind, did you?” Yoongi shakes his head and turns back to look at the sky that peeks through the green leaves. “I’ve been looking for ways to hack us out of their system, trying to find a loophole. I’m close, I know I am but my laptop can't access their servers so it would either have to be their main processor or some super powered computer like they have in the banking building downtown in the capital.”“You should have told me,” He grumbles because he can't complain. Not when Yoongi’s been doing everything in his power to get them out, even if Hoseok hadn’t known.“How could I have?” Yoongi laughs briefly, “Look at you, you’re deprived of life. I couldn’t bring myself to break the news to you. You do that triangle mouth thing and it always makes me sad.”“I think I would have preferred to hear it from someone I care about…” He trails off, “Might have lessened the blow.”He sees Yoongi roll his eyes, “You love your father, even if he is a dick.”“Yeah, well, I’m not so sure anymore.” He crosses his arms over his chest petulantly.“Don’t say that, Seok, you know he wants what’s best for you.” Yoongi tries to soothe him but his mind’s finally set on the thought that the resentment has won in the end.“No, I don’t think so. He wants what’s best for the country and for the government. He wanted what was best for my mother and again, look how that turned out. He doesn’t realize he can't make mistakes in people’s stead. He was never around to know what’s best for me, not in the way that matters anyway.” Hoseok says sadly, the past couple of years playing out in his head like a movie. A sad drama now that he looks at it from his standpoint. In a month’s time, he’ll be eighteen and liable for a whole bunch of lives that will be placed under his supervision. Even now he feels the pressure of it all and he’s not even in charge yet.“I’ll get us out, Seok, don’t worry your pretty little head. Yoongi’s got this.” The older boy smiles, determination shining in his eyes and Hoseok is a little in awe. A blush heats his cheeks at the offhanded comment and the word pretty.
They have a plan. It’s not a good plan, but it’s a plan. Well, it’s 70% of a plan.“This isn’t going to work,” Hoseok groans as Yoongi fiddles with the cuff of his wristwatch.“It is, trust me.” The determination is back in his eyes and Hoseok hasn’t been able to stop thinking about the older boy’s soft look since a few days ago.His dad has just shipped back out this morning with the promise of being back for his leader-naming ceremony and Hoseok had seen him off with a tight-lipped smile. He’d then promptly run all the way to Yoongi and demanded they speed up their plan. For now, all they had was a way to get off base. Then they would probably hitchhike their way upstate to the capital. The soft click from his wrist draws his attention.“Fuck yeah, who needs print recognition when you have a computer and some tools at hand.” Yoongi grins triumphantly at Hoseok who smiles back radiantly.“Now, all we have to do is hide out till dark and avoid them looking for us.” Hoseok sighs; it was going to be a long night.“Yeah, they’ll know you took it off. We have about half an hour to find a hiding space.” Yoongi packs up his things into a messenger bag and Hoseok packs some clothes into a backpack. They can't afford to bring a lot of clothes and they don’t have much anyway- most of what they own is military issued and nondescript.“Where is everybody, anyway?” He asks because there is a noticeable lack of people around.“I sent out a fake notification that you have field training. They should be across base in the fields waiting for a sergeant to show up.” Yoongi smiles proudly and Hoseok chuckles.“Alright, I think I know where we can hide.” He smiles and leads the way towards the middle of the base. It’s a short walk and they’re walking briskly so they make it in no time.“You’ve got to be kidding me.” Yoongi says as they peek from around a building.“No, look- all the cameras are pointing away from there and as they move there’s a blind spot in there, from here we can make a dash for the tank.” Hoseok points as the cameras move every two and a half minutes in opposite directions to create a blind spot. They’ll be able to make it to the monument tank that stands in the middle of the small forum. The thing might not be functional but it’s still a tank and can be used as a hiding spot.“Sometimes I wonder if you’re crazier than me,” Yoongi mutters as they count down the camera movement. They make a run for it and jump into the tank before anyone notices.“It’s Sunday so the cameras will be shutting down for fifteen minutes this evening at midnight. They’ll be running a maintenance code through the images and servers. That will be our chance. From here to the gate there’s a five minute sprint and the guards at the gate… well, I’ll think of something.” Hoseok reassures and pulls out his phone to switch the SIM cards. He crushes his old one under his foot and sets an alarm for quarter till midnight.He looks up to see Yoongi staring at him with affection in his eyes and shies away from the intense stare. This was something he avoided as much as possible. It’s not that he didn’t want anything like that with Yoongi but- but, he’s scared. He doesn’t know how to reciprocate the feelings and he’s even more scared of commitment. But mostly, he’s scared of the thought of his possible death and the horror that would happen to Yoongi if he was left behind. He’s seen what loss does to people; he sees it in his father every time and in some of the drill sergeants that torture them during training. He doesn’t want that to happen to him or Yoongi. It’s not that he’s oblivious to Yoongi’s feelings (the other boy’s not very subtle); it’s not that he doesn’t like the older boy back- it’s just that, he is scared shitless of their unsure future. He wishes more than anything that he could reach across the small space and pull Yoongi into a bruising kiss. But he can't, so he won’t.Instead, he says: “We should get some rest, there’s a turbulent night ahead of us.”Yoongi’s eyes harden like he’d just lost something. Like he’s seen the same sort of affection in Hoseok’s eyes for the briefest moment but then it was gone.“Yeah, you’re right.” Yoongi says coolly as they settle into the cramped space.
Come midnight they’re ready for the sprint. Hoseok is stealthy as they get but Yoongi is suddenly lagging behind. They have another ten minutes to take out the guards so Hoseok prepares the taser gun he’d pilfered from the security the week prior.“Not getting cold feet now, are you?” He asks quietly as they sneak along the fence.“No, no- I just, do you think we can do it?” Yoongi asks, his voice shaking a little and Hoseok remembers how young they both are in reality. They might have been forced to grow up early but at heart they were still scared lost boys.“Hey,” He turns around and grabs Yoongi’s hand. “Of course we can. As long as we’re together, yeah?” He smiles brightly and Yoongi gives him a weak little grin accompanied by shining eyes.“Alright, cheeseball, let’s go then.” Yoongi pushes him away lightly and Hoseok turns back to continue their trek.They ambush the first guard. Or, well, Hoseok does. He comes up behind the man, clamps a hand over his mouth and uses the taser gun. The man goes down easily. The next one is tricky because he’s in the booth and there’s a female guard circling here somewhere. Hoseok nods his head towards the little house to indicate that Yoongi should draw him out and the older boy shifts around uneasily.“Uh, mister-” Yoongi clears his throat. “There’s a guard passed out next to the booth, is he supposed to be sleeping on the job?” The man lets out a startled yelp and rushes out of the house to check. Hoseok is there waiting for him with the gun and the second guard goes down on top of the first one.“Three minutes, Seok, where’s the girl?” Yoongi frantically looks around but there’s no sign of her.“You two.” Someone shouts from the side and they turn around, Hoseok with his taser raised and Yoongi with a pocket knife.“Stay away from the ramp!” The guard warns, her own taser gun drawn. “I don’t want to do this but nobody leaves base without permission and you just took out two of my colleagues. I suggest you lower your weapons.” She says calmly and Hoseok appreciates her persistence.“Minute and a half, Hoseok.” Yoongi whispers.Hoseok's panicking internally but he remains calm. They have to go and soon but how will they evade her? He wracks his brain and suddenly the guard goes down.“You two losers were gonna leave me behind, I’m offended.” The familiar voice calls and Hoseok thanks the heavens.“Wow, talk about Deus Ex Machina.” Yoongi grins at Lexa that stands proudly with a needle in her hand.“You flatter me, Yoongi-poo.” She coos and jogs towards them. “Come on.”“Why are you here, not that I’m not grateful, but how did you know?” Hoseok asks as the vault over the ramp and jump the gates.“When you’re invisible you get to observe. I noticed Yoongi was snooping around too much and you were all broody and shit and I put two and two together. Plus, I heard the superiors talking about putting you as our leader. Wasn’t that hard to piece things together.” Lexa shrugs as they run away from the base and hit the open road. They have probably a couple of hours but that will be enough of a head start. They’ll need to catch a ride once they hit the interstate which is a desert jog ahead.“Smart, but then again, you’ve always been.” Yoongi says fondly and she grins in turn.Hoseok just hums to himself and continues to contemplate how good of an idea running away was.
He certainly regrets the running part an hour and a half later when they’re in the middle of the desert, sparse shrubbery and cacti around them. They’re tired and taking a break but his legs hate him for running through sand non-stop. Yoongi also hates him for the running.“I hate you,” Yoongi wheezes out and gulps down water. Lexa seems to be faring better than the both of them as she just wipes her forehead, ties her hair and pats Yoongi on the back.“Don’t melt into the sand, marshmallow.” She chastises fondly and continues to walk ahead of them.Hoseok watches her go as he straightens out his back. A few knots in his spine pop and he winces. “Maybe this wasn’t a good idea.”“No, no. We’re fine, we just gotta get to the interstate and I can hear the cars already.” Yoongi pants out between gulping breaths, unable to steady his breathing.“Hey, hey. Come here,” Hoseok plasters himself to Yoongi’s sweaty back and hugs him. “Breathe with me,” He instructs and breathes in deeply. Yoongi follows his words and Hoseok murmurs approvingly into the older boy’s neck as Yoongi manages to calm down.“Thanks, Seok.” Yoongi says quietly and Hoseok nods.He detaches himself from the older boy and chalks up their blushes to the running they did. “No problem, try not to puke and keep your breathing steady.” He throws a hand over the shorter male’s shoulders and stirs him in the direction Lexa went.They catch up with her not long after- mostly because she’s crouching down and looking at something in the sand. Hoseok pushes Yoongi behind himself as the thing she’s looking at makes a yelping sound.“What the fuck?” He demands and Lexa shushes him.“It’s a coyote pup.” She whispers softly and runs a finger down the animal’s nose.“Holy shit, get the fuck away before its momma comes back.” Yoongi hisses out and tugs Hoseok back away from the scene.“Not likely, found her dead down the track. Hit by a car I assume since there are no gunshot wounds or lacerations. The road’s not far ahead, just behind that dune.” She motions vaguely and Hoseok stares as she picks the pup up.“You’re not seriously going to…” Yoongi says, trepidation in his voice.“Oh, yeah, I am.” Lexa grins in their direction and promptly puts the still-blind pup into the inside pocket of her green jacket.“I’m pretty sure there are laws against this sort of thing,” Yoongi grumbles but continues walking towards Lexa now that Hoseok's not holding him back.“Not where I’m going.” Lexa says cryptically.“And where exactly are you going?” Hoseok raises an eyebrow. He appreciates the help but the more of them there are, the easier they’ll be to track down.“Back home, where I belong.” Lexa looks at Yoongi pointedly and Yoongi’s eyes shift into an unreadable expression. He gives her a firm nod and walks away.Hoseok's, once again, left puzzled by the two and even after all these years he was not used to it. He wasn’t jealous, he didn’t get jealous but it unsettled him that Yoongi had even more secrets than Hoseok already knew hidden inside his head. He shouldn’t pry but damn, he was curious.Instead of asking, like he wants to, he bites his tongue and treads lightly through the sand under his feet. The clouds are sparse this evening and the moon is half-full. It gives everything a bluish sheen that’s somehow charming and mesmerizing despite the usually boring daytime scenery this place held. Hoseok doesn’t remember the last time he stepped foot off base. Must have been a while if he finds sand charming instead or coarse and dry.
They hitch a ride by forcibly taking over a damn truck. It’s Lexa’s fault, of course. If Hoseok had his way they would have patiently waited for someone willing to offer them a lift but Lexa likes to make a statement. A guy had stopped and looked them over. He had given Lexa a sleazy once-over and she’d promptly gotten into the cab of the truck and punched him out. He’s currently chilling in the back, strapped to one of the crates he was transporting while they ride in the front. Hoseok, being skilled in many various forms of vehicle driving, is the one in charge of getting them to the city.He’s heard a lot about the city. It differs greatly from all the other ones in the state. The rest of the cities are pretty much the same as they’ve been before but the capital had had an amazing increase in technological advances which resulted in it becoming a jungle of technologically advanced buildings that are juxtaposed to the poorer parts. The shady parts of the city are mostly parts of the old town, how the city had looked before. Those parts are thrown into shadows compared to the other towering buildings.Hoseok never thought those stories were true. He’d always been skeptical and they’d all only seen the photos of the old town, never the capital as it is today. Something about how the base rules were against how advanced the city was (despite the base being pretty advanced itself) and how the government of the country refused to move the actual capital of the country to the new city on principal. He never bothered with it much, back then it didn’t concern him but now he wished he’d cared enough to dig deeper.They approach the city with large eyes. It’s bigger than anything they’d ever seen and the military freight planes were pretty damn large. He almost swerves because he’s so lost in the sight of the illuminated city, smack dab in the middle of a desert.“Watch it,” Yoongi steadies his hand by placing a warm palm onto his knee. It only makes it worse, if he’s being honest.“Sorry, sorry. Just- didn’t imagine it’d be quite like this.” He sighs and blinks away the sleep that’s warring against consciousness inside his head.They park the truck at a rest stop just outside of town next to a dingy 24/7 diner. Hoseok finds the contrast to it quite astounding. It’s an old-looking thing, straight from those 50’s movies his father loves to watch still. They grab a bite to eat and move the driver of the truck back into the cab.They split up with Lexa once they’re inside. Yoongi gives her a fierce hug and Hoseok shakes her hand like the comrade he was to her. She heads for the advanced part of the city and they head for the slums. They need to lay low for a while, find a place to stay until they can make a plan to get Yoongi to the computer.The streets are lit by several levels of lights and lanterns. They’re bustling with people who are selling, buying, or just killing time. They seem to have walked into some sort of marketplace and he feels Yoongi clutch onto his arm as they’re jostled around by people rushing past them.Hoseok leans down to whisper into Yoongi’s ear, “We got enough money between us to survive in a dingy motel for a week but we have to find a job somewhere.”“Yeah, come on, let’s look around.” Yoongi grasps his wrist lightly and pulls him in the direction of a brightly lit ‘motel’ sign.They enter the building and it’s just as shady on the inside as it is on the outside. The lobby-type room that holds a single office desk with a computer and a bored-looking woman has peeling wallpapers and a stained shag carpet in the middle of the room. The neon bulbs flicker occasionally and the air-condition buzzes unhelpfully somewhere to the side.“Hello, welcome to motel Motel, how may I help you?” The woman drones on in a bored nasal tone without looking up from her phone.“We’d like a room, two beds, for the week.” Hoseok manages to croak out and she finally looks up to give them a once over.“Should I ask if you two are over eighteen?” She shakes her head and without waiting for an answer turns to the computer. She types a few things, nails clacking against the flat keys of the keyboard. “There are only single-bed rooms available.” She turns around and fishes out a key from the rack. “Congratulations, you can share. Payment at the end of the stay, room 25, if you want to extend the stay come find me.”Hoseok wants to protest but honestly, he’s too tired. He takes the offered key with the wooden keychain and wordlessly heads for the staircase.“We could have found another place,” Yoongi offers quietly as they climb the stairs to the second floor.He sighs, “No, I’m too tired. If you want we can look for a new place tomorrow but right now I just want to sleep.”They find their room easy enough, even if the five had unhooked and now flopped down to look like a two. Hoseok jams the key in and has to shoulder the door open as it appears to have been stuck.He enters first and recoils at the state. Similarly to the lobby downstairs, the wallpapers are half peeled off the walls, revealing the dirty white paint underneath. There’s a line of fluorescent tubelights on the right wall that cuts the middle of it. Pushed into the same corner there is a bed that looks like it’s only a mattress with some sheets and a pillow thrown onto it. The sheets hang down to the burgundy carpet. There’s a heater between the bed and the wall and on the other side there’s an old lamp with a dusty lampshade casts a shadow over a small bedside stand. There’s a window on the left wall that overlooks the streets below and is placed directly next to the annoyingly bright ‘MOTEL’ sign from earlier. Under it a clunky and large AC and next to it a TV that looks like it belongs to a museum on a ratty stand. On the wall next to the door there are a couple of cabinets and counters with a table and two chairs at the end. There’s also a microwave that matches the damn old TV and it makes Hoseok frown.“Well, home sweet home.” Yoongi says grimly and pushes past Hoseok who’s still stuck on being disgruntled by their accommodations.“I don’t know what I expected.” He sighs as he closes the door and dumps his backpack next to the bed. He looks around again and notices a door to a bathroom behind the table. “I’m scared of seeing what the bathroom’s like.” He admits silently and Yoongi huffs out a little laugh.“Well, guess there’s no helping it now.” Yoongi sits down onto the edge of the bed and lets his legs stretch out as Hoseok, despite his words, goes to the bathroom.Honestly, it could be worse, he thinks as he observes the white tiles. At least it looks bleached clean and the white bathtub doesn’t look like it holds any sentient life. The toilet and the sink are white and clean as well and only the mirror is cracked in one corner. He nods to himself and goes back to the room.He pauses in his tracks when he sees Yoongi curled up in the middle of the bed on top of the covers. He fights the urge to coo loudly at him and instead walks over to nudge him under the comforter.“Get some sleep, Hobi, you need it.” Yoongi mumbles under his breath sleepily and pulls the comforter back for Hoseok to get in.He shakes his head, “I’ll take the floor, you can stay in the bed.”Yoongi startles at that and cracks open an eye to look at him. “You’re kidding, right? There’s no way I’m letting you sleep on that burgundy bacteria colony, you’ll catch your death down there. Get in before I make you.” The older boy threatens gruffly and Hoseok huffs out a laugh before taking his jeans off and finding a clean shirt to sleep in.“Night, Yoongs,” He says softly as Yoongi begins to drift back to sleep. He allows himself a moment to indulge and smiles fondly at Yoongi’s sleeping face. He brings up a hand to remove some of the soft strands from the older’s face and prays for a better tomorrow.
He wakes up alone and disoriented, he panics for a couple of seconds at the feeling of a too-large bed and the sheets that don’t smell like his before he remembers where they are. Then, he remembers that there should be a sleeping Yoongi next to him and panics again. He bolts upright and scrambles for his bag when he feels something on his forehead. He reaches out to touch it and discovers it’s a sticky note. He plucks it off and rubs at his forehead as he reads.‘Went down to see if they need help around the motel, find me in the lobby- MYG’  He sighs and slumps back down to calm his wildly beating heart. He takes several deep breaths and decided to go about his daily business as if he were still in the military. He makes the bed Spartan, washes his teeth and puts on some clean clothes. Then his stomach rumbles and he decides to seek out Yoongi to see if they’ll go get some breakfast.He hurries downstairs and finds Yoongi crouched next to the AC in the lobby’s backroom that had been making a horrendous sound last night. Today, it’s faring much better and working quietly and the lady from the front desk looks very pleased with Yoongi’s work.“Hey, you’re up.” Yoongi calls with a smile and Hoseok easily- and readily- forgets they’re hiding from the military that is no doubt after them already. He lets himself sink into a life where he’s just a lame high school kid on a road trip with his best friend. How he wishes that was the truth.“What 'cha doin'?” He peeks over the elder and Yoongi bats him away.“I asked if they have any electronics or anything around here that needed fixing and apparently they do and now I have a job as the janitor.” Yoongi grins at him and Hoseok squawks.“Oh, come on! How is getting a job that easy for you, this is unfair.” He pouts childishly and the lady, whose nametag reads Leila, pats his back.“Don’t sweat it kid, I’m sure you’ll find something. I’ll even ask around the neighborhood if they need some extra hands somewhere.” She says and she seems much friendlier than last night.“Ah, thank you, I appreciate that.” Hoseok nods gratefully and she smiles back then leaves them to it.“I managed to score us lunch in the noodle shop next door.” Yoongi groans as he gets up, back probably aching from being bent over the AC for too long.“How long have you been awake exactly?” Hoseok raises an eyebrow, he hadn’t even checked what time it was.“Since 9 a.m. and it is now noon, welcome to the land of the living, Seok.” Yoongi pats his shoulder condescendingly and Hoseok groans. It had been around three in the morning when they’d arrived. He doesn’t remember the last time he’d slept in that long. He has to admit it’s refreshing even though he feels guilty for leaving Yoongi alone in that time.“Come on, the old man’s waiting with food.” Yoongi wipes his hands onto his black jeans and heads for the door.Hoseok checks his pockets to see if he has the keys and follows the elder. “What did you do to get us free food, anyway?”“I was passing through the mass of people to get to the hardware store down the street and the man suddenly shouted at me, told me I remind him of his long lost grandson and even though I’m not, I should come and get some free food from his shop.” Yoongi laughs at Hoseok’s astounded expression.“You’re, like, the luckiest bastard alive.” Hoseok whines petulantly.“Maybe I am,” Yoongi throws a wink his way and cackles as he splutters indignantly.The old man greets them with a shout and Yoongi winces when the man recognizes him.“Ah! Come in, come in! I see you brought a friend as well.” The old man squints at them and Yoongi nods mutely as they’re seated at the counter. They place their orders and eat in silence as people mill in and out of the shop with their food in various containers.
“You think they’re looking for us?” He asks into the silence of their motel room.“Maybe, maybe not. Depends on if they’ve sorted out the schedule confusion or not.” Yoongi flips through a manual he’d found under the ancient TV. “Hand me your pocket knife, will you?”Hoseok nods and digs it out of his backpack. He hands it to Yoongi and watches the elder jam it into the side of the TV and pry the box away from the screen. It takes some fiddling before Yoongi closes the box and Hoseok watches in amazement as Yoongi flicks the TV on.“There, now we can find out if we’re being hunted publically or privately.” The elder smiles his gummy smile and Hoseok suddenly craves gummy bears.“I don’t think they’d put it in the news, the squadron was a secret after all. Maybe they make some fake news that we’re potentially dangerous criminals.” He hums as he watches Yoongi channel surf.“Gimmie your laptop, we can check the base site. Unless they can track you?” Hoseok reaches for the laptop and Yoongi shakes his head.“Wait, I’ll put up a bouncing signal so that even if they detect it they won’t be able to pin us down.” Yoongi takes the device instead and sets out to work.Hoseok busies himself with sharpening the knives he’s brought with him and thinking about how they’ll manage for the next few days.
In the end, he gets a job at the noodle shop since the old man can always use cheap workers and Hoseok’s not picky. He works for less than the minimal wage but gets to bring leftovers home so they always have some food downstairs in the fridge in the lobby’s backroom.They keep an eye out for suspicious people or familiar soldiers as they work and they keep surveying the site- as rarely as possible but they still need to make sure. They prolong their stay at the motel for another week at the end of their first one and Hoseok wishes they could afford a better room but if he’s being honest, he’s grown attached to the dingy environment. He likes how it makes Yoongi look even more ethereal in the evenings when the neon sign basks the room in various shades of green and red. He likes how Yoongi never complains, not even when the pipe in the bathroom springs a leak or when a spring pops through the bed’s mattress. Yoongi just looks at Hoseok exasperated and fixes it with a smile. Hoseok doesn’t think he’s ever seen Yoongi look so at home, doesn’t think he’s ever seen Yoongi so content with his life. The military environment must have been really toxic for the older boy who’d been used to having his freedom his own. Hoseok himself isn’t so sure but he finds it thrilling anyway.He likes that they don’t have a superior breathing down their necks, even if the old man gets too much into his personal space on the occasion he’s beeing allowed to cook. He likes that there’s a certain danger to milling around the streets at night when nobody can see you clearly even with all those lights. He likes the rush of adrenaline, different to the one he’s experienced while being in imminent peril during training. This one’s freeing and uplifting, makes him crave things he never thought he could have. Like friends outside his team, a night out in the town for drinking and karaoke, a pet maybe, a relationship. Though, he doesn’t outright acknowledge the last one. He just shoves it to the deepest corners of his mind and reminds himself that they’re on a mission. They’re not here to start a new life, not yet at least. There’s still a very real possibility that the military will pop their domestic bubble any time now. He doesn’t want to be broken down when that happens, he doesn’t want to suffer. Even though each day spent next to Yoongi- beautiful, talented, amazing, Yoongi, is a new day in hell when he’s not able to touch and hold and boy, does he want to.He wants to more than anything to be able to live with Yoongi like this, no waiting for the other shoe to drop, just a simple life of living from day to day like a couple of reckless teenagers in love. And love, yes, he supposes he is in love with Yoongi at this point. He doesn’t think he’d be able to go through the days without Yoongi at his side. He enjoys the other’s presence more than he enjoys sunshine or music.Aside from his helpless pinning, they’d also been doing some planning. They decided that Sunday was the best time for them to hit the banking building because only a few people would be in it. They’ll need suits and identification so Yoongi had gambled his way through a tough crowd and gotten them a couple of blank swipe cards that could be loaded with the information they needed. Now only thing that was left were the suits and getting the actual access cards. Hoseok had volunteered to get the suits while Yoongi is getting the cards.It’s Wednesday, middle of their second week and four days away from Hoseok’s birthday aka Sunday. Hoseok’s sitting at the table and eating noodles as Yoongi puts the finishing touches on their plan.“I’ll have to go out tomorrow and get the access cards,” The elder sighs and pins his bangs up with a silver clip as he leans over a chip that’ll go into the computer in the banking building. He’s got his fine tools out and he’s fiddling with it.Hoseok slurps his food loudly, “You gonna be able to do it?”“Yeah, not the first time I’ve pick pocketed someone.” Yoongi smirks to himself and Hoseok snorts.“Of course not, you’re a regular ol’ street hoodlum.” Hoseok teases good-naturedly and Yoongi laughs.“Hey, Seok, what do you want for your birthday?” Yoongi asks instead and diverts the conversation to a topic Hoseok would rather avoid.“For this whole shitty situation to end,” He says without thinking and Yoongi pauses in his fiddling.“What? You don’t like living with me?” The elder teases but there’s a tense edge to his voice.Hoseok sighs, “Of course I do, and this has been the most fun I’ve had ever. I finally got to live a life, no matter how shitty the surroundings are.” He chances a glance at Yoongi and the elder is looking at him now, the chip forgotten.“Sometimes I forget you’ve never been outside of the base; well, not in the city at least.” Yoongi smiles sadly. “I think the freedom’s worth the shitty quality of life.”“I agree, I just never realized that until now. Thanks, for, yanno- getting me out.” He says bashfully and fiddles with his chopsticks.“We’re not out yet,” Yoongi reaches over and plucks the chopsticks out of his hand. He takes them and scoops up some of the food from his bowl and eats. “But I promise that by Sunday evening, we will be.” The elder smiles, cheeks puffed out with food and eyes squinting with the effort to eat and smile at the same time.Hoseok’s heart stutters in his chest and he reaches over to wipe off a smudge of sauce from Yoongi’s chin. He swears the elder stops breathing as he does it and then starts again when Hoseok moves back. “I hope so; I’m not keen on spending the rest of my life on the run.” He says in a mellow tone as to not break the sudden tension that had enveloped them. There’s a blush high on Yoongi’s cheeks and he looks like he’s going to say something so Hoseok yawns and stretches. “I’m gonna crash, lock the door when you’re done and watch for the cracked tile in the bathroom, you might cut yourself on it.”“Night, Seok.” Yoongi calls, his voice somehow gruff and Hoseok doesn’t want to think about what would have left Yoongi’s mouth if he’d let the moment continue.He gets under the comforter and burrows his face into the pillow. It smells like cheap shampoo, cigarette smoke and something very inherently Yoongi. Hoseok doesn’t let himself breathe it in too deeply as he drifts off to sleep and the low hum of the TV.
Yoongi’s gone by the time Hoseok’s alarm sounds and the elder’s side of the bed is cold. Hoseok wonders if the other boy had even slept. There’s a text on his phone when he goes to shut off the alarms. It’s Yoongi and it says simply: ‘wish me luck’ so Hoseok does and sends him a text saying ‘good luck, you can do it’.  He ventures out to the shop to ask for the day off and then down the long maze of streets to try and find a dry-cleaning service. He gets lost three times before he stumbles upon the thing he’s been looking for.The bell above the door rings and there’s a teen behind the counter that eyes him. The boy has dark skin and is probably younger than him. Hoseok wonders if the boy will be willing to do him a favor.“How may I help you?” The boy asks with a dubious look.“Uh, I was wondering if you guys ever get drop offs that don’t get picked up.” Hoseok scratches the back of his neck and tries to make himself look older than he actually is. The muscle mass that he’s sporting helps somewhat; he’s got broad shoulders and a defined chest behind the tank-top he’s wearing. Maybe he can pass for a 23 year-old. But his face sadly still holds the last remnants of his baby fat and his hair flops across his eyes messily to give him the youthful charm he’d once liked but was now just a hindrance.“Yeah, why you askin’?” The kid leans back and crosses his arms over his chest.“I was wondering if you had any suits and if you’d be willing to sell them to me.” He leans against the counter and puts a wad of bills onto it.The kid eyes the money, “I’m guessing it’s not enough to actually buy a suit from the store, huh?”He shakes his head, “Look, if you can't or won’t just tell me so I can be on my way.”The kid shoots him a pitying look and nods, “Wait here.”Hoseok taps his foot impatiently against the tiled floor; he’s giddy and nervous and has a bad feeling about being so far out on his own. He’s worried about Yoongi and the other hadn’t texted him. He hopes the elder is doing well and managing fine on his own. Hoseok wishes he could have helped but that might have attracted attention so he’d stayed behind. The kid comes back with a couple of clean suits. “You could have gone to a second-hand shop, you know.” The kid grins at him and Hoseok grunts.“You kidding? I got lost three times trying to get here, would take me a day to find a thrift store.” He whines out and the kid laughs.“Well, take your pick. I don’t know what sizes you need so I took a few.” The kid motions to the suits and Hoseok approaches to check the sizes.He finds one in approximately his size and one for Yoongi that’s probably a size too big. He nods and the kid takes the rest away. The boy then takes the money and counts it. He watches as the kid smiles, satisfied and then shoos him away.“Pleasure doing business with you, Mister.”“Thanks, kid.” Hoseok mock salutes and leaves the building with his mission done. He can only hope Yoongi had similar luck.
He almost knocks Yoongi out because he doesn’t immediately realize it’s him in their motel room. In his defense, Yoongi is wearing a goddamn skirt a blouse and some leggings and his hair is blond.“What the fuck?!” Hoseok shrieks and shields his eyes as Yoongi yells back at him to go away. “Yoongi what the hell?!” He blindly feels around to shut the door as Yoongi runs for the bathroom. His heart’s beating wildly and his eyes are wide and unblinking. He can't fucking believe what he’s seen. And how much he wasn’t opposed to it; but those are thoughts for another time. He drops the suits on the bed and sits down next to themYoongi comes out of the bathroom, hair a mess and in shorts and a t-shirt that happens to be Hoseok’s. They should really do their laundry. There’s also a blush on his cheeks and he’s clutching the bag in his hands.“Uh, Yoongi? What the hell?” He asks timidly, “I had no idea…”“Oh fuck off,” Yoongi throws the bag at him. “I needed a disguise, I saw some military men out in the street and Leila helped me with my hair and lent me some clothes. Don’t look at me like that, that’s a totally legitimate reason. Besides, I couldn’t have gone to the main city in the rags I own.” Yoongi huffs in annoyance and Hoseok slowly nods, eyes finally closing in a blink.“Yah! Earth to Hoseok!” Yoongi snaps his fingers in front of his face and he finally responds, slightly startled out of his daze.“Uh, right, did you get the cards?” He asks and clutches at the material of his jeans, trying to keep unsavory thoughts at bay.“Yes, and I went through fucking hell for them. Do you know how badly women are treated? Like, fuck, just because I breathed in your direction doesn’t mean you can have your hands all over me.” Yoongi says angrily and stomps over towards Hoseok. Hoseok braces for a slap he knows he deserves but instead Yoongi takes one of the suits and looks it up and down.“I think it might be a smidge too large for you but you’ll be fine- wait, what the hell? Why did Leila even lend you her clothes? What did you tell her?” Hoseok asks, he should really stop thinking about it.“Uh,” Yoongi fumbles with the suit. He doesn’t think he’s ever seen the elder so flustered. “Look, she might be thinking the two of us are together and uh, I may or may not have told her we were trying new things so don’t be surprised if she gives sly looks from now on.” Yoongi fiddles with the hem of his- Hoseok’s- shirt and Hoseok wants to pass out.“You.” He flails around, “Wow. Okay. Moving on.” He collects his thoughts. “I don’t want to know anything else. Let’s just focus on the mission.”“You say that after you’ve asked all the questions.” Yoongi grumps.Haven’t asked you if you’d dress up like that for me again, crosses his mind and he immediately shuts down all of the processes in his body that are related to arousal. “You didn’t have to answer, you know.” He says instead and Yoongi smacks him on the forehead with an open palm.“Idiot,” The elder says and takes the suit to try it on.
On the morning of their mission he wakes up next to Yoongi. It’s a strange feeling but he welcomes it. He fights with himself as the need to snuggle the elder bursts out of his chest like one of those little shits from ‘Alien’. Yoongi’s there looking at him all sleep-soft and smiling lovingly and Hoseok wants to claw his own eyes out so he won’t have to see it. Because he loves it, and he wants nothing more than to wake up next to it for the next fifty years or more. He lowers his gaze until it’s resting on the bedding instead and Yoongi sighs deeply.“Hoseok, I’ve been thinking.” Yoongi says, voice scratchy from sleep.Fuck, dread coils deep in his stomach, this can't be good. He bites back a gasp that wants to leave his lungs. How can such simple words cause so much anxiety?“We’ll need to split up after this.” Yoongi says grimly and fear overtakes Hoseok’s frame.“W-what?” He looks up to see Yoongi staring back at him seriously.“They’ll be out for us, even if we’re out of the system. What good would it do to anyone if we both ended up back at base? This way, we have more chance of making it. We can set a meeting point and date, a few months or years from now- no, Hoseok, don’t cry, please.” Yoongi reaches out and cups his face.He hadn’t even realized that tears had started streaming down his face and onto the pillow. Yoongi’s hands are warm but the tears are scorching as they leave his eyes. He sobs out and hiccups and Yoongi pulls himself closer.“Seok, please.” Yoongi whimpers out and Hoseok sees that the elder’s eyes are filling up with tears as well. Everything grows blurry as he cries.“N-no, Yoongi, don’t- you can't, you can't leave me. Not now, not after everything!” He grasps the elder’s shirt and buries his face in the older boy’s chest. “You can't do this to me, Yoongi, I need you.” He wails and Yoongi hugs him closer, he knows he’s hysterical but there’s no stopping the tears now.“I’m not leaving you, hey, we’ll find each other again. I promise, Seok, I’ve never broken our promises, isn’t that right?” Yoongi runs a hand down his back in a soothing manner but all it does is remind him of the things he can't have. Maybe the time has come, maybe he can convince Yoongi to stay with him and not leave him. He’s pitiful and he knows he’s playing dirty as he bites back the tears and pushes Yoongi onto his back.“You can't leave me,” He says levelly and reaches up to wipe the tears away. Then he has both of his hands bracketing Yoongi’s head in. “You can't leave me alone, I’ll die.”“You’re being melodramatic, Seok, please- you’ll be fine. Christ’s sake, you survived two weeks in a jungle.” Yoongi smiles weakly but Hoseok shakes his head.He leans down slowly, “That’s because you were there with me even if you weren’t supposed to be there. You told me you’ll help me and you made me dependent on you, Yoongi. You made me addicted.” He lowers his voice to a whisper and glances at Yoongi’s rose-petal lips. “You made me this way, now take responsibility. Claim what’s yours.”“Hoseok-” Yoongi chokes out as he drags a palm from Yoongi’s neck to the side of his face.“I’d be lost without you, Yoongi. You’re not allowed to leave me alone, wandering and helpless.” He practically purrs even if the anxiety in his stomach is making him sick.“Hoseok, I assure you, you’re far from helpless- you’re-” He cuts the elder off with a thumb on his bottom lip.“I may be capable of a lot but you’re my light, Yoongi, you lead me through life. You illuminate my way; I’d be wandering through darkness if it weren’t for you. I’d still be the obedient dog they tried to make me into. I’d never have tasted this freedom.” Hoseok says silently, emotions clouding his head.“I’m nothing but trouble.” Yoongi laughs bitterly and Hoseok closes his eyes to block the onslaught of fresh tears.“You might be trouble, but you’re my trouble. Yoongi, you know how I feel. Why are you leaving me like this?” He whispers, afraid that if he speaks any louder his voice will break.“Do I, Hoseok, do I really know?” Anger filters into Yoongi’s tone of voice like Hoseok had been stringing him along all this time. And maybe he had, maybe he hadn’t had the best self-control at times and maybe he couldn’t be as cold as he wanted to. Maybe he’d been leading Yoongi along, but not really because he really did feel the same.And he’s letting himself say it now; he’s letting himself admit it. “You know I love you, Yoongi.”Yoongi’s breath stutters and Hoseok surges down to kiss him. It’s messy and Hoseok tastes tears on his lips but it’s perfect and so very much like they are that it makes him want to cry again.“Seok,” Yoongi breaks away with a gasp. “Seok, don’t do this- please.”“You asked me what I wanted for my birthday, well, this. I want you.” He breathes the words out against Yoongi’s cheek and loves the way the skin heats under his touch. “Happy birthday to me, baby.” He bites down hard onto the junction of Yoongi’s neck. Yoongi arches up into him and clutches at his hips possessively. A growl rips out of the elder’s throat as Hoseok grinds his hips down against Yoongi’s and he finds himself being flipped over and on his back.“You-” Yoongi closes his eyes to compose himself and Hoseok pants while he waits for the other to say something. “You’ll be the death of me, Seok.” Yoongi says fondly and this time, their kiss is much softer than the previous one.  “Please, Yoongi.” Hoseok pleads but he doesn’t know for what. For something, anything, something that will get Yoongi to quit the stupid notion of splitting up. He has to convince the other just how much he needs him- like the air he breathes. He knows it’s ridiculously poetic and he’s probably too young for such things but he can't imagine having to wake up every day knowing Yoongi won’t be there to wish him a good morning.“Hoseok, you’ve never-” Yoongi swallows down the rest of his sentence as Hoseok wiggles out of his sleep shirt.“Want you to be the first, wanted to, always.” He whines and huffs, embarrassed and aroused and so close to finally having Yoongi all to himself.“Seok, baby.” Yoongi coos softly and palms the side of his face with a warm hand. “Want me to take care of you?”“Yes, please,” He shudders as Yoongi drags the palm across his naked chest and lingers on his right nipple. Yoongi follows the path with his mouth, placing little pecks all over the exposed skin. The bit of saliva he leaves behind causes goosebumps to rise all over his skin. He lets out a whimper as Yoongi latches his teeth onto the other nipple and sucks. A broken moan leaves him as Yoongi presses bruises into the sides of his ribcage with wide, spindly fingers that appear to be made to handle him. He’s bursting from the different sensations that play across his skin like a well-coordinated ballet act. Yoongi’s lips are soft and wet but his fingers are calloused and insistent. The contrast sends his head spinning as rose bloom behind his closed eyelids.  He’s embarrassingly hard already and he feels a wet patch forming on the front of his sleep shorts. He wants more, wants Yoongi to take him and to reassure him that he’s with him, that he loves him back.“Yoongi, please,” He tries again to get the older to move lower. He needs some pressure on his aching member otherwise he’ll come in his pants just from the hickeys Yoongi is painting across his unblemished skin and that would be a damn shame. “Please take care of me, love me, don’t let me go.” He sobs out as Yoongi presses a knee between his legs to relieve some of the tension and give him some friction.“I do, Seok, I love you. So, so much. I have, for the longest time. Fuck, you don’t even know.” Yoongi breathes out heavily against the divot of his abdominals. “You never let me do anything. I was so scared, for such a long fucking time, that I was imagining things.”“No- never, I was- ah,” He throws his head back as the elder sucks a bruise onto his hipbone then smoothes over it with his tongue. “Scared, I was scared. But nothing frightens me more than losing you. I fucking love you.” He grasps the elder’s blond locks and pulls him up and Yoongi goes easily. They kiss and this time it’s slightly violent. There’s need spilling from their lips, unsaid things, unconfessed emotions passing between them. Hoseok drinks it all in, twirls his tongue with Yoongi’s and pulls at the elder’s pouty lip with his teeth.Yoongi reaches up and moves the sweaty hair from his forehead. There’s a pause in their actions where they just stare at each other and Hoseok feels his heart growing from the adoration Yoongi is pouring at him, from the sheer love.“You’re looking at me all sappy-like,” Hoseok says, voice barely above a whisper.“You’re the one to talk,” Yoongi leans forward to nuzzle his nose against Hoseok's and he thinks he might be melting a little on the inside. “But yeah, I’m thinking real sappy shit right now.”“What? Next thing you know, you’ll be telling me you want to make love to me.” He says jokingly but Yoongi’s little cat eyes glint with a renewed mischievousness.“Seok, baby,” Yoongi purrs against his ear and Hoseok trembles as a shiver passes down his spine. “Let me make love to you.”“Yoongi~” He whines and squirms away, the blush reappearing on his cheeks.“No, baby, I’m gonna love you like you deserve to be loved.” Yoongi’s hands return to gripping his hips and he finds himself being flipped onto his front.He gasps, “N-no, want to face you. Yoongi,” He protests but the elder shushes him with kisses that trail down his spine.“Just till I stretch you, baby, then we’ll go full missionary like an old married couple.” Yoongi reassures and Hoseok snorts.“If we were married we probably wouldn’t be having sex.” He giggles out as Yoongi wiggles his fingers down his sides.“Are you saying you won’t want to have sex with me when we’re married?” Yoongi’s voice dies out at the end of the sentence, the full realization of what he’d just said hitting them both.  “I-”“Yeah?” He slowly rotates his upper body around to look at the elder with a grin, “You gonna marry me someday? Make me Mr. Min Hoseok?”“Fuck, shut up!” Yoongi groans in embarrassment and butts his head against Hoseok’s shoulder. “This is so mortifying.” The elder whines and Hoseok gives a hearty chuckle.“No, hey, I think it’s cute.” He reaches behind clumsily, his hips digging into the mattress (along with his persistent erection). The air in the room is stuffy and recycled from the AC and there are dust particles floating around but all he can think about is how fucking lovely Yoongi looks- a blushing mess with swollen lips and a bruise on his neck. “Will you, though?”Yoongi chokes on an intake of breath again. “I-, yeah. Yeah, I will.”“I’ll hold you to that.” He says, affection pouring out in buckets. God, we’re so young. He thinks. And it’s true, they are, but there’s a serious case of having been forced to grow up early amidst them. He doesn’t consider them teenagers, and Yoongi did always say he had an old soul. But he wants this, he wants to hang on to Yoongi and never let him go. He knows this won’t change, no matter what. He wants to spend the rest of his life next to the older boy.“You gonna let this go now?” Yoongi grunts and bites at his shoulder lightly.“Not until you marry me.” He cackles as Yoongi pushes his torso flat onto the bed.“I guess I’ll just have to make you shut up, huh?” The elder kneads the muscles of his back and Hoseok goes lax with the sensation. All the tension drains him as Yoongi breaks apart the knots of his muscles with precise movements. The lower Yoongi goes the more he moans. Yoongi’s fingers are doing wonders for him and they’re not anywhere near where they need to be.“Your bark is worse than your bite,” Hoseok quips and earns himself a sharp bite to the swell of his ass. Yoongi hooks his fingers into the waistband of his shorts and pulls them down, Hoseok thanks the gods he’s not wearing any underwear.“Seok, your muscle definition is amazing, are you sure you don’t want to top? Bet you could do some real damage with these hips.” Yoongi states but despite his words he grips the mounds of his ass and kneads them much like he’d done to his back.“Ah- another time,” He whines and perks his rear back into Yoongi’s hands. The elder seems to enjoy just feeling him up like he was but Hoseok has other ideas.“Tell me you have lube, please.” Yoongi breathes out. He groans into the pillow as Yoongi runs a thumb against his hole.  “Uh, yeah, in the cabinet in the bathroom.” He huffs out and Yoongi retreatd. The elder hops over to the bathroom. There is a sharp sound of clutter falling and then Yoongi is back.“Do I want to know why you have that?” The elder looks at the bottle of artificially flavored lube in his hands that seems to be half empty.“Well, uh, you know- butt stuff.” Hoseok chokes out.“You mean to tell me you jerked off in the bathroom? That you fingered yourself in there.” Yoongi growls as he takes back his position behind Hoseok’s ass. Hoseok just nods mutely. “You ever did it while I was in the room?” Yoongi pours out a generous amount on his hand and then directly onto Hoseok’s ass for good measure.He shudders at the cold feeling and nods his head again, shame overtaking him. He’d been so weak and Yoongi had been wearing only his shirt and some boxers around the room. “Y-yeah, once.” He was starting to think he had a thing for Yoongi wearing his clothes. “Fuck, Seok.” Yoongi drops his forehead onto the small of his back. “You have no idea what you do to me.” And he wants to laugh because the feeling is very much mutual.Yoongi takes his time prepping him. Hoseok doesn’t think it’s ever felt like that when he’d done it to himself on the rare occasion. The older boy tortures him slowly on barely enough pressure against his walls. A single digit for far too long in Hoseok’s opinion. So little friction that it has him rutting against the bed like a damn dog. He knows his whines and whimpers are pitiful but the encouraging words Yoongi breathes into his skin are worth the embarrassment. His erection is staining the sheets and Yoongi hasn’t taken a single article of clothing off.“You’re doing so well, baby.” Yoongi coos as he inserts the third finger and by this point, Hoseok is so over the moon with joy that he’ll soon get Yoongi in him that he can't respond. He just mewls as Yoongi’s digits brush against his sweet spot. His dick twitches and his thighs strain with the effort of thrusting back onto the elder’s fingers. He fucks himself back with needy movements that cause heady sensations inside his cloudy mind. All he can do is breathe in the scent of sweat and sex as Yoongi grips his hair and tilts his head back to kiss the side of his neck.“You ready?” There’s a suspicious lack of hands on him and he turns his head to see Yoongi taking off his clothes hurriedly with some adorable flailing. He can't formulate words so he just moans as Yoongi’s dripping member is revealed. His mouth salivates at the sight of Yoongi stroking himself in a couple of sure movements and his eyes roll into the back of his head as Yoongi grinds against his ass through the mess of lubrication and sweat.A garbled mess of noises leaves him as Yoongi pushes in slowly. His head drops down between his elbows on its own accord and he loves it. He loves how close Yoongi feels and how he can feel every ridge of the other’s erection inside of him. Yoongi, himself, is plastered along his back and panting. Hoseok feels slight tremors in the elder’s thighs from the effort of containing himself lest he hurt Hoseok. He thinks it’s sweet.“Move, goddamn it, move.” He rotates his hips in a circle and Yoongi groans into the back of his head. He’s so ready to get this whole business going but then Yoongi is pulling out. He hisses several colorful curses at the elder but his words die on his tongue as Yoongi flips him onto his back again, intent on fulfilling his earlier promise. “Sap,” He grunted but the grunt prolonged into a moan as Yoongi thrust back in.“You said you wanted to see my ugly mug, so, here it is.” Yoongi says with a breathy note to it.“Shut the fuck up, you’re beautiful.” Hoseok laments and moves his hands from Yoongi’s elbows to lock them around his shoulders. They’re practically hugging now and Yoongi doesn’t have a lot of maneuver space but Hoseok refuses to let him out of the clinch. He’s too comfortable feeling Yoongi’s heartbeat against his chest, his fingers on his thighs and his breath against his ear. Yoongi thrusts in and out shallowly, the pace is slow and unhurried and Hoseok lets out a little ‘ah’ with every movement. It’s all very intimate and Hoseok realizes what his life had been missing. He’d been missing this immense intimacy he’d always secretly or subconsciously craved. He’d missed having it with Yoongi. And now that he has it, he never wants to lose it.The pleasure overtakes him by surprise. It ambushes him just as he’s thinking blearily about Yoongi’s earlier suggestion of separation. This causes tears to spring to his eyes and his moans mix with choked sobs. Yoongi starts slowing down but he shakes his head furiously.“Seok- what’s wrong, did I hurt you?” Yoongi’s voice is almost frantic with worry and Hoseok sobs harder.“N-no, I’m, ah. I’m just- so many feelings and s-sensations.” He whines as the shift of Yoongi’s hips results in the elder hitting his prostate with each grind.“Please don’t cry, baby.” Yoongi sweeps his hair away from his forehead and places a kiss onto it. Then one on each eyelid, the tip of his nose and finally his mouth. Hoseok eagerly opens up to the other’s probing tongue and whimpers as Yoongi licks away the tears from his face.“I- don’t leave me, we can't separate. Please, promise you won’t leave me!” He calls out, nails digging into Yoongi’s back as he clings to the elder’s slighter frame. He feels Yoongi’s breath hitch and he hears the elder’s joints creak along with the shifting of the springs in the mattress.“I- I promise, Seok, I promise.” Yoongi seals the promise with a kiss and intertwines one of his hands with Hoseok's. Hoseok arches his back as Yoongi whispers sweet nothings into the early forenoon light that streams through the slits of the shutters.   The pleasure of his orgasm washes over him, his cock grinds against Yoongi’s stomach with how close they are and he clenches around Yoongi. The elder’s movements stutter and the sound that leaves him can only be described as painfully beautiful Hoseok thinks. It’s a mess, they’re a mess. There’s lube, cum, sweat and saliva everywhere but all Hoseok can think about is how he wants to sleep. Yoongi finally manages to gain enough strength to pull out and roll off him. He feels the cum slide out of him with Yoongi’s dick and it makes arousal lick at his nerves again. He  fumbles for his phone to check the time; barely past 7 a.m. He locks it and promptly turns back to snuggle into Yoongi’s side.“We gotta clean up, Seok.” Yoongi mumbles, voice sleepy and fucked out from moaning.“We have time, there’s an alarm.” Hoseok says vaguely and enjoys the way Yoongi throws an arm over him. The feeling of security that the action brings him should be worrisome but Hoseok just takes it as it is.And so they sleep.
The tie around his neck feels like it’s choking him as they make their way downtown in a taxi they can barely afford. Yoongi’s seated next to him, looking generally uncomfortable by the prospect of a suit and if nothing- at least the expressions that cross his face are amusing.Hoseok subtly reaches across the seat and grasps Yoongi’s hand into his own. It’s weird being able to just hold Yoongi’s hand because he can and wants to. It’s a nice shift in their relationship, the one he now welcomes. Instead of thinking about this morning like he wants to, he distracts himself with going over the plan.It’s easy enough. They get in, install the chip, Yoongi clicks a few buttons; they get out to where Lexa will be waiting for them with a car. And then they hit the road. His knee bounces and there’s nervous energy buzzing under his skin as the car approaches the building.Yoongi pays the driver and they get out in silence. Hoseok straightens his tie and squares his shoulders- trying to appear older. His hair is slicked back and there’s a light stubble on his face. Yoongi’s hair is combed to the side as well, even though he’s shorter- the lines of his face are more serious and square than Hoseok’s. Overall, they could pass for a couple of young businessmen.Yoongi swipes the access card onto the door and it opens easily; Hoseok won’t admit he held his breath. There are still a few people here and there but only the security guard gives them the stink-eye. Though, he can't do anything as long as their access card works. They make it to the elevator and Hoseok breathes out steadily. He brushes his shoulder against Yoongi’s to reassure himself.Thankfully, the people who were in the building were too busy with their own things to notice two suspicious looking males making it into the unattended server room. Yoongi let out a satisfied sigh and jammed a button that shut off the cameras in the room. He immediately set to work as Hoseok kept watch again.The wait was excruciating, it felt like hours that he’d been standing there and he was sure he’d sweated through his white shirt. He watched Yoongi work like he’d done countless times before. But now it was different, they weren’t messing around with base security; they were changing their own fates.He startles when the chair scrapes across the floor and Yoongi grins at him. “Min Yoongi and Jung Hoseok, who? I only know John and John Doe.”“You did it? We’re out?” He encircles the elder’s wrist with his fingers just to feel Yoongi’s pulse beating.The elder’s smile turns sad, “I did. A blank slate, it’s like we never existed at all.”“Let’s get out of here,” He places a gentle peck onto the elder’s mouth and tugs him towards the door.They make it all the way out of the building before Hoseok feels something’s off. There’s Lexa and she has the car with her but there’s also the whirring of sirens and Yoongi’s panicked eyes.“They must have realized someone broke in!” Yoongi shouts and shoves him towards Lexa who grips him and tugs him away just as the guard bursts through the door.Hoseok screams and tries to fight out of her grip but she has all of his pressure points under hold and he doesn’t have the right angle for movement, “No! No! I can't leave him!” He yells but the man already has a tight hold on Yoongi and the police sirens are growing increasingly louder- almost as loud as Hoseok's screaming and Yoongi’s answering of the same tone.“Go! I’ll be fine! Go with Lexa!” Yoongi doesn’t seem to want to fight and then it hits him. The dread bubbling out him, leaving him resigned and empty for new feelings.He goes lax in Lexa’s hold, betrayal filling his mind. “You promised.” He mouths at the elder. He sees tears fall down Yoongi’s face but all he feels is anger.‘I’m sorry,’ Yoongi mouths back and Hoseok sees the police cars down the street rushing towards them. He spares Yoongi a single look before getting into the car with black-tinted windows. Yoongi hadn’t given him a chance, hadn’t given him a choice. Just like his father for his mother, Yoongi made the decision for him.
“We’re willing to offer you a job.” Lexa says.They’re someplace out of town, someplace fake and too green for the desert air. A giant property with a large house on it. The driver had brought them there and apparently it was where Lexa lived. Hoseok doesn’t have the strength to question it. He feels dull as he sits in the large leather chair, opposite to a table and behind the table a man with graying hair. Lexa is standing next to him for the man doesn’t seem to be interested in their conversation much.“We want you to be a part of the security squad as a hired gun.” She explains vaguely.His heart thuds slowly, devoid of anything for the moment- not even anger. He’d believed the elder when he promised. He’d been naïve and even though Yoongi meant well, he couldn’t help but resent him. Maybe Yoongi was trying to teach him a lesson? Maybe he’ll finally grow some balls and be able to live on his own, no supervision needed.“What do I need to do?” He turns his eyes to Lexa lazily and slowly.“Be prepared to kill if needed.” She responds readily and Hoseok nods.“Yeah, I can do that.” He answers and sharpens his gaze into something serious and cold. She regards him with a raised eyebrow and a dubious look but says nothing about it. Instead, the man dismisses them and Lexa leads him towards his room in the mansion.
So he becomes a hired gun to keep the mushy thoughts about Yoongi at bay. He’s angry with the elder, incredibly so, but he knows that if he allowed for even a sliver of fondness to worm its way into his mind- well, he’d surely break. So he replaces everything with anger and cold professionalism. He does what he needs to. Shoots when he’s told to shoot. Bows down and rolls over when he’s told to do so. The Wickham family business gets taken over by Lexa as the old man he’d met on the first day retreats to a manor somewhere away from the capital. Lexa, in turn for his loyalty and usefulness, rewards him by appointing him as head of security. He ends up being the leader of a squad of highly trained mercenaries. It’s ironic, he used to think, when he still had time to think. He’d escaped the military for the same reason. But he wasn’t the same person. That’s why he’d accepted the position with a grateful nod of his head. He was only 21 then and it had been three years since the great escape.He spent his time going around the city with Lexa and accompanying her on various deals and exchanges. It was no secret that the Wickham family owned half of the town and most of the businesses that were somewhat illegal were run by them. Almost every corrupt individual could be traced back to them and their family. Hoseok learned that Lexa had tried running away from that life but- as it is with them, their plans never did turn out quite like they wanted them to.Eventually he stopped thinking about Yoongi altogether. However, every so often he’d see something that reminded him of the elder and he’d get a painful reminder of what he’d lost. Those reminders and chest pains only made him drive his team harder to work more, be better. He’d acquired himself the title of a legendary hardass and a cold son of a bitch. Such an opposition of the person he’d once been- the kid he’d once been. He was foolish, like his parents before him and many other star-crossed lovers. Even so, he knows that he still loves the other. And he probably will. No amount of explosions, heists, killing, alcohol, one-night stands could ever truly drive Min Yoongi out of Hoseok’s head.He’s grateful to the Wickham family, they’d practically adopted him after all. He loves Lexa like his very own flesh and blood. He’s grown into an adult next to her even if under such circumstances. She’d helped him through the hard times with late night talks and reality slaps when he was being existential. She and her damn coyote, Arhe, that liked to bite his ankles when he can.Hoseok is 23 when a man with black hair arrives at the manor to make a deal with Lexa. He’s 23 and he’s being fired by his own surrogate-family.He looks at Lexa with cold eyes as she tells him that his services are being bought by the man with the midnight-colored hair and wide shoulders whose name is Seokjin.“Don’t worry, you’ll be fine.” Lexa says with a warm smile and Hoseok sighs. “A new chapter in your life,” She tacks on.“You just want to get rid of me,” He teases with a rueful grin.“Never,” Her laugh follows him as he exits the room with a wave of his hands. Sure, there are still things to be said there but he knows this isn’t the last time he’s seeing her. After all, she’s still practically family.
The second time he meets Min Yoongi he punches him in the throat. Yoongi goes down like a sack of potatoes and the other two men in the room start spluttering as Hoseok hauls the slighter male up by the collar of his shirt.“I should fucking hate you,” He hisses venomously and Yoongi’s eyes grow glassy.“You have every right to.” Yoongi says gruffly and, God, his voice is even more gravelly than it was before.“I should throttle you for what you’ve done to me, you fucking liar.” He grunts and pins the other to the wall. “I should hate you from the bottom of my heart because you fucking suck, you’re the worst boyfriend ever but I can’t- I fucking can't, I could never hate you.” Hoseok’s voice wavers and here come the tears.“Boyfriend?” Yoongi asks in a timid voice.“Never do that again you selfish, prickly, grumpy, fucking idiot!” He grips the other’s jaw and smashes their mouths in an angry kiss that holds years of difference but still feels like their first one.“You’ve changed, Seok,” Yoongi says softly and Hoseok rests his forehead against the shorter male’s.“Heartbreak does that to you.” He deadpans and Yoongi’s eyes widen, bottom lip trembling.“Seok, baby…”“Shush, I’m still mad at you.” He quiets the other with a thumb on his quivering lip. “You seriously fucking suck.”Hoseok is 23, Yoongi is 24 and they get married the following week because that’s how long it takes for Hoseok to forgive Yoongi. After extensive explanations of where he’s fucking been (“Fucking shit up with Namjoon,”) and why hasn’t he tried to contact him (“I was ashamed and scared and in prison or out of the country”) Yoongi makes good on his promise and marries him with Namjoon and Seokjin as their witnesses.Sure, there are more things to be said and Hoseok doesn’t believe in true love, but he believes that if there were such a thing that what he had with Yoongi would be as close to it as it gets.                                              



Afterword


End Notes
- and Tae never even knew~my  tumblr if you wanna hmu


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



