



A little demon - big_slug - Stranger Things TV 2016
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

A little demon.
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/15302808.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Underage
Category:
F/F, F/M
Fandom:
Stranger Things (TV 2016)
Relationship:
Barbara "Barb" Holland/Nancy Wheeler, Mike Wheeler/Nancy Wheeler, Barbara "Barb" Holland/Mike Wheeler, Barbara "Barb" Holland/Mike Wheeler/Nancy Wheeler
Character:
Nancy Wheeler, Barbara "Barb" Holland, Mike Wheeler, Karen Wheeler, Dustin Henderson, Will Byers, Lucas Sinclair
Additional Tags:
Consensual Underage Sex, Girls Kissing, Sibling Incest, Hand Jobs, Blow Jobs, Smut, Fluff, Sibling Bonding, Pre-Season/Series 01, Practice Kissing, Threesome - F/F/M, Sleepovers, Sleeping Together, Feminization, Nail Polish, Waxing, Pre-Season/Series 02, References to Depression, Grief/Mourning, Cunnilingus, Vaginal Fingering
Stats:

        Published: 2018-07-15
          Completed: 2019-12-10
          Chapters: 2/2
        Words: 19480
      

A little demon.
by big_slug
Summary
Mike and Nancy strike a deal: They won't get on each other's nerves the weekend they are left home alone. Needless to say, things turn out differently. Not that they would complain about that.
Notes
This is so deep in the swamp of WRONG and fucked up, that I might as well take my trip to hell right now. But it was fun writing, and I think it's cute. God, I'm just so horny all the time, and that's what happens.This is pre Season 1, so yeah, really really underage. Don't like, don't read.

          See the end of the work for more notes





Chapter 1



Nancy doesn‘t like her brother. She loves him, like a sister loves her brother, but that doesn‘t mean she has to like him, does it? Because, frankly, he is a little demon most of the time. Always either going on her nerves by teasing her on purpose, or being loud and obnoxious with his little turd friends. They sit in their basement, shout all night about fairytale mumbo-jumbo, they can‘t for the life of them get the chips out of those plastic bags without waking up the whole house, and they fart. God, do they fart. Which is unfortunate, because on the weekends it is Nancy‘s job to put the laundry from the washing machine into the clothes dryer, meaning she has to subject herself to that bio-weapons testing ground. Not this weekend, though. Not if she can persuade her mom to go on with her plans. Karen Wheeler looks at her daughter, visibly pondering. „Honey, do you really think this is okay?“ „Mom...“ Nancy rolls her eyes. „For the last time, I‘m fine with this. Really.“ „It‘s just... I‘d much rather have Michael with one of his friends. Too bad they‘re all busy.“ „I know, mom.“ Nancy really couldn‘t care less about her brother‘s friends. „We‘ll be fine. You know I don‘t have to go on his nerves 24 hours a day. And you know how Barb is. It‘s just two days.“ „It‘s also two nights. That‘s what‘s worrying me more.“ mom insists. „We haven‘t done this before, Nancy. We‘ve never let you kids alone in the house that long. Maybe I should just call someone to-“ „I‘m a babysitter myself.“ Nancy reminds her. „And no one has complained so far. I can handle Mike the same way I get along with all these other kids.“ Her mom looks slightly pained. „He‘s twelve. That‘s a difficult age, you know.“ „Okay.“ Nancy sighs. „Mom, maybe this is a way of proving to you that I‘m old enough to handle things on my own.“ She didn‘t really want to play that ‚coming-of-age‘ card, but maybe that will get mom to give in. She contemplates for a long while, leaning her head from one side to the other, even closing her eyes for a few seconds. „Well... wait a second, sweetie.“ Karen leaves the kitchen, heading for the stairs. Nancy can hear her shouting „Michael! Would you come down here for a minute?“, before returning and sitting back down at the kitchen table. Mike comes downstairs eventually, lazy footsteps accompanying him. He looks annoyed, to say the least. God knows what he has been doing in his room that is so important he can‘t even spare a minute. Still, he doesn‘t complain, sitting down next to Nancy wordlessly. „We have to lay down some rules here.“ mom explains. „So, you two are both old enough to stay home if you want to. The school year has just started, I want you to be well rested on Monday, so we‘re not going to force you to visit Aunt Claire. But if you want to stay here together, that means you have to get along. Better than when your dad and I are here. Understood?“ „Don‘t worry, mom. We‘ll be fine. Right?“ Nancy narrows her eyes at Mike. „As long as she leaves me alone, I-“ He is then cut off by their mother. „Michael, don‘t point your finger at your sister! Nancy, don‘t tease your brother!“ „Tease?“ Nancy groans. „God! Okay, you know what?“ She turns to her little brother, who has just crossed his arms in front of his chest. „Let‘s talk alone for a second, huh Mike?“ Without waiting for a reply from either of them, Nancy pulls Mike out to the hall, and keeps her voice down. „What the hell is your problem?“ „My problem?“ he grunts. „I don‘t want to be alone in a house with you and your weird ass friend!“ „Don‘t call her weird, twerp! Tell you what, just go with mom and dad then.“ Nancy suggests. „You know I hate Cincinnati. And Aunt Claire smells weird.“ Nancy‘s insides are screaming. The little turd is making absolutely no sense now. What is it that he wants? A deal? Okay then, he can have a deal. „She does. And if you don‘t want to smell her any time soon you listen to me. Stay out of my way, and I stay out of your way. The house is big enough, we won‘t have to see each other all weekend. I‘m not forcing you to eat peas, I‘m not sending you to bed early, and you stay away from my room. Trust me, if I could just send you to any of your little friends, I‘d do it.“ „I...“ Mike huffs in annoyance. „I guess I could just watch movies in the basement.“ „See? We can work this out.“ Nancy is finally beginning to see some hope here. „As long as you don‘t come down there and get on my nerves.“ her little brother hisses. Nancy sticks out her hand to him. „Okay. I promise. I promise that Barb and I will leave you alone the entire weekend. You can take food to the basement or to your room if you want to, and you don‘t need to see or hear anything from us. If you promise me the same.“ He only shakes her hand hesitantly, but eventually mumbles „Okay. I promise.“ „Good. Because you were this close to ruining it. I literally got mom where I want her. Keep your mouth shut now, got it, turd?“ Nancy pulls him back into the kitchen, where their mother is waiting patiently. „So, you‘ve worked things out with each other?“ she sighs. „Then maybe you want to listen to my rules now.“ Both Nancy and Mike sit down, ready to listen to what she has to say. „No teasing, no arguing, if you can‘t stand each other, stay away from each other.“ „Pretty much what we agreed on.“ Nancy shrugs. „We‘re okay with that.“ „Good.“ Karen goes on. „Nancy, I want you to keep your door open so you can hear what‘s going on in the house. If your brother needs anything, the phone, the doorbell, these things.“ „Okay.“ „I‘m leaving you dinner for Friday night, but on Saturday you‘ll have to figure something out. On Sunday we‘ll pick something up on our way home.“ Nancy really doesn‘t want to cook. To be honest, she is even scared she might set the kitchen on fire. It‘s just not her thing, and she‘d much rather spend some of her allowance on pizza or Chinese food on Saturday. „I think I‘m just gonna order.“ „Maybe that‘s for the best.“ Karen agrees. „I don‘t want you to burn our house down. I‘ll teach you a thing or two about cooking later.“  
 
 Friday is one of these perfect days when the end of summer blends into the beginning of fall. It‘s warm, but not as unbearably hot as August was. Just nice overall, with no need to wear a jacket, and no need to run around half naked with ice packs and a battery powered fan. Nancy hates sweating. It always makes her feel just dirty and gross, it makes her stink, and it makes her feel eerily cold and hot at the same time. During the summer she could spend hours or days in the shower, but that would keep her from doing fun things. Fun things like she is about to do all weekend with Barb. Girl talk. Gossip. Makeup. Painting fingernails. Watching cheesy movies that both will pretend to make fun of, but actually enjoy. They call these guilty pleasures. No homework, although Nancy actually enjoys school to some degree, being a straight A student for the most part. Together with her little turd of a brother Nancy is standing on front of their house, waving her parents and Holly goodbye for the weekend. And she just can‘t believe her luck. She doesn‘t have to go to Cincinnati! How great is that? Because, really, it‘s a horrible place, made only worse by the presence of her mildly disgusting great-aunt, who reeks of old people, menthol cigarettes, and gin. Nancy and Mike are both smiling their fake smiles for as long as they are visible in the rearview mirror, but drop it immediately once the family car turns around a corner and is gone. „Remember the deal, twerp.“ Nancy grunts. Mike‘s semi-aggressively answers „As long as you remember it. You know, mom told me to call her if I see anyone else besides Barb around the house.“ „Who else would be coming?“ Nancy closes the front door behind them, and is greeted by a completely empty and entirely silent house. „Boys.“ Mike grins his most devilish grin. Nancy isn‘t dumb. She knew something like this would be coming. After all, she has been told not to invite boys more than once. It‘s just that she didn‘t want to in the first place anyways. It‘s a girls weekend for her, and that‘s the truth. The truth, and nothing but the truth. She can abstain from the presence of those jerks she knows from school. The problem now really is of a different nature. She can‘t allow her little brother to blackmail her. „I swear to you, if you decide to lie about this, it‘s gonna be the end of you. It‘s a two hour drive from Cincinnati, keep that in mind.“ „What‘s that supposed to mean?“ Jesus, is he really that stupid? „You call mom or dad, it‘s gonna take them two hours to get here. Two hours alone with me. Got it, gremlin?“ „Hey!“ he shouts all defensive. „I wasn‘t about to exploit that!“ „Yeah, right.“ Nancy can‘t quite believe him, but she has made her point clear, and he‘s not going to do it. That‘s good enough for her. „Just don‘t forget what you agreed to. We‘ll have dinner when Barb is here. You wanna eat with us or-“ „Doesn‘t really matter.“ Mike answers bluntly. „See you on Sunday, I guess.“ He turns to leave for his room, obviously prepared not to interact with his sister until their parents are back, but Nancy has to stop him there. „Hey, Mike? You gotta come to me if you need anything. I mean, if it‘s really important.“ God forbid he doesn‘t. Nancy can‘t let anything go wrong this weekend. „What would I need from you?“ „God, are you that dumb?“ she huffs. „I mean, you get a stomach ache, you tell me. Don‘t be the kid who thinks ‚My appendix is about to explode but my sister told me to leave her alone‘.“ „Yeah sure.“ Mike taunts. „My appendix.“ „Just don‘t think I‘d let you die, twerp!“ Nancy groans. It really looks like he is already teasing her in his own unnerving way. She might just lock him in his room and feed him slices of ham through the slit under his door. That would serve him right. He couldn‘t reach the phone from there either. „I won‘t let you die either.“ Mike shrugs, whatever that means. Regardless, he is off to his room, and Nancy is alone in the lower floor. Barb might take another hour to get here.  
 
 „Oh my god!“ Nancy squeaks. „Oh my god!“ Barb squeaks back. Nancy laughs. „The whole weekend! We got the whole weekend!“ Yes! Now the excitement finally sets in. She hasn‘t heard from Mike since he took off for his room, and might not until dinner. „We‘re gonna watch Grease, right? And American Graffiti.“ „And I Wanna Hold Your Hand, if you want to.“ Barb sets down her bag by the door, and pushes her glasses up like she often does. „Your brother is here too?“ „Don‘t worry about him.“ Nancy shrugs it off. „He‘s not gonna bother us. I‘m just warming up dinner. Just casserole.“ „Your mom‘s? She‘s makes a good one.“ „Yeah. Should be about done. Wanna eat in the living room?“ Nancy leads the way to the kitchen to check up on the over. It really looks and smells pretty much done. Barb is quick to pick up some plates and forks. „Smells good.“ she hums. „If you wanna watch TV, let‘s do it. No parents here to tell us what to do, right?“ „Hey.“ Nancy chuckles. „Don‘t get too frisky about it. We‘re not about to wreck the house. I‘m gonna call my brother.“ Leaving Barb in the kitchen for a moment, Nancy turns to the stairs. „Mike!“ she shouts. „Mike, get your ass down here, we‘re having dinner.“ A door swings open and slams against the wall. „No reason to insult me!“ Mike complains, rushing down the stairs, unruly black hair flying around his temples. „No reason not to insult you, turd.“ Nancy pushes him towards the kitchen. „Be nice and say hello.“ „Hi, Barb.“ her little brother mumbles. „I‘m just gonna get my dinner, then I‘m out of your sight.“ „You don‘t wanna watch TV with us?“ Barb offers in her usual, kind demeanor. That‘s just her. But to be fair, Nancy wouldn‘t mind Mike joining them for dinner. For her it‘s just harder to admit it, because she knows she must never show any signs of weakness when she is dealing with her brother. He might exploit it like the annoying little devil he is. Looking at him now, the way he hastily shovels their mom‘s casserole onto his plate, she feels just this small sting about this. Him exploiting her weaknesses just for fun. Her teasing him, constantly annoyed by his presence. It wasn‘t always like this. Mike used to be her cute little brother, and it is weird how things have changed so quickly. It feels like only yesterday that she dressed up for his little fantasy games to do him a favor. These things, don‘t happen anymore, though. Most of the time Nancy doesn‘t want his company, and he doesn‘t want hers. „I‘m just gonna go down to the basement.“ he declines Barb‘s offer. Had it been Nancy, he would have shot a nice little insult in her direction, but he‘s not like that with anyone else. „Got my movies down there.“ „Okay then.“ Barb shrugs. „Just an offer.“ With the oven turned off, the remaining casserole covered with tinfoil, Nancy and Barb occupy the living room couch. The food is good, everything Karen Wheeler cooks is good, and whatever news program is on TV is boring enough to be white noise in the background, just like Nancy likes it. „Is it okay if we leave him alone like that?“ Barb really sounds worried for Mike. „I mean, he‘s just twelve, and-“ „Exactly. He is twelve, that‘s old enough to spend some time alone. I think he‘s just a bit frustrated about his friends all being out of town this weekend. But I‘m glad.“ „Because of those sleepovers?“ „God, yes. It‘s every weekend, Barb. I swear to you, every single weekend they run around the house all day and sit in that basement all night. Do you know how it reeks down there on Sundays? I have no idea how my mom doesn‘t notice this.“ Nancy leans back, content with the current situation. „Maybe she does notice.“ Barb chuckles. „And that‘s why she sends you to pick up the laundry on the weekends.“ „She‘s not that terrible.“ Nancy laughs. „But she‘s not quite sane either I guess. Never tells them to stop shouting, even in the dead of night.“ „Wow. That‘s really driving you crazy.“ her friend notes. „Stop the complaining for now, okay? We‘re gonna have a great time this weekend.“ „You‘re right.“ The elation that Nancy feels doesn‘t actually allow for a longer grudge against Mike. So far he is sticking to his part of the deal, and Nancy isn‘t planning on violating her part. No need to think about him, as long as she checks up on him every couple of hours. There is some noise from the basement now, probably Mike watching one of those movies he talked about. „Don‘t tell him that, but I don‘t really hate him.“ She says it lightly, because it‘s really not a secret. Just an unspoken truth. „Does anyone think you hate him?“ „I guess not really.“ Nancy is almost done with her dinner; she doesn‘t plan on taking a second serving. „I mean, we just tell each other that all the time. And it‘s like, the first to admit it‘s not true is the weakling.“ „So, should I be glad I don‘t have siblings?“ Barb raises an eyebrow on her. „What do I know? It‘s just normal for me. And being an only child is normal for you, right? Ugh, anyways. More casserole?“  
 
 They are sprawled out on Nancy‘s bed. It‘s close to midnight already, black outside, but Nancy‘s room is tinged in comfortably warm light. This is just a girl thing. Guys can‘t share a bed. Maybe they can sit on it next to each other, but they can never lie on their stomachs together like Nancy and Barb do, or even share the bed like they are going to do tonight. So when it comes to that, Nancy is glad she is a girl. She wouldn‘t want her friend to rest in a sleeping bag on some air mattress. Or just on the floor. Mike‘s friends do that, she has seen it before. „So...“ Barb grins. „So?“ „Richard Dreyfuss, or John Travolta?“ She shoves another spoon full of ice cream in her mouth, totally ungracefully. Nancy thinks, that‘s how you see if girls are really friends, or just pretending. By the way they eat around each other. She doesn‘t have to think about the question. „Barb, that‘s making no sense.“ she huffs. Maybe it does make sense, only a little bit. They have, of course, watched both Grease and American Graffiti. „I mean, Richard Dreyfuss is old. And he looks a bit... uh...“ „Go on, say it.“ Barb eyes her friend curiously, and Nancy decides to change her choice of words a bit. „...simple.“ She doesn‘t want to say mildly retarded. „I mean, John Travolta is a hottie, isn‘t he?“ „I guess I‘d choose him too.“ Barb agrees. „But... what about Richard Dreyfuss and Harrison Ford?“ „Harrison Ford, huh? Better than Dreyfuss.“ Nancy states. „But I think I‘d have to go with Dreyfuss, because Harrison Ford was also in that stupid Space Wars movies and my brother wouldn‘t shut up about it if I was dating him. Like, he‘d annoy him all day long.“ When she sees Barb grinning, she groans. „Hypothetically speaking! He‘s old. Like, forty, isn‘t he? As old as my dad!“ „I don‘t know.“ her friend sighs teasingly. „Some girls are into older men. They‘re... mature. And experienced.“ „Oh my god!“ Nancy gasps. „Experienced with... you know what?“ Barb rolls to her back, giggling in response. „Maybe. Maybe I was referring to doing their taxes and paying off a house. You‘ll never know.“ „You‘re dirty, Barb!“ Nancy swiftly hits her best friend in the stomach with her pillow. „Dirty, dirty, dirty!“ Barb makes no attempt at stopping her, instead letting her head hang down Nancy‘s bedside. Her mint green nightgown slides up her thighs a little bit that way. „Come on. As if you‘re not thinking about it sometimes. Or are you just making eyes at Steve Harrington because you want to copy his haircut?“ „Hey, how closely are you watching me?“ „Four-eyes sees everything!“ Barb laughs, pointing at her glasses on the nightstand. „What do you think why I‘m wearing these babies. Okay, c‘mon, tell me. Do you think about him?“ „Think about him?“ Nancy chuckles. „What do you mean?“ Barb leans in, close to Nancy‘s ear, to whisper „When you‘re alone. At night. You can tell Barb.“ „See? Dirty!“ Nancy shrieks. „Eww!“ She lets the slight outrage settle for a few seconds, pondering about how much to tell Barb. Which is ridiculous. They tell each other everything. There literally are no secrets between the two of them. „Sometimes.“ Nancy whispers back. „More than sometimes.“ The full truth would be, it happens almost every night. Nancy, alone in her dark bedroom, just closes her eyes. Every touch on herself then is Steve Harrington. His fingertips stroke up and down her opening, they enter her just an inch or two, his thumb draws sweet circles on her pleasure center. He makes her whine, he reduces her to a quivering mess. Until she opens her eyes, that is. Then she is alone again. For now that might be enough, but Nancy figures she is going to want more eventually. The real thing. Thinking about it gets her worked up again, even in the presence of her best friend. But she isn‘t stupid. There are steps to be taken in between here and the orgasmic bliss she wants to experience with him. Talking. Kissing. Making out. Kissing is all they have done so far. And as always, Barb can read Nancy‘s mind. „Hey...“ she snickers. „You thinking of second base with him? Come on, I know you‘ve kissed. Do you think he wants it?“ „God.“ Nancy huffs, getting a bit more daring. „If this was about what he wants, he‘d be balls deep inside right now. But I want it to be good. It‘s gotta be special, you know. For us both. Sometimes I think he doesn‘t know what‘s good for him.“ „Hmm.“ Barb hums. „I get it. Okay.“ She sits up straight, legs crossed in front of her. „Show me then.“ she demands. „Show you what?“ Nancy sits up equally straight, facing Barb. „How you wanna do it.“ her friend explains. „Let‘s practice.“ „Practice.“ Nancy repeats. „Like, making out.“ She can‘t deny there is some excitement bubbling in her stomach right now. Not to mention the slick heat between her legs that has been there since Barb mentioned Steve. She might ruin her panties like that. „I mean, if you‘re okay with it, we could...“ „Yeah. We could.“ Barb breathes. „If you‘re okay with it.“ Nancy doesn‘t miss how she is leaning closer ever so slowly. „I think I‘m okay.“ she shrugs. „I mean, no big deal, right? We‘re best friends. Girls can do this without... uh... y‘know.“ „Girls can do this.“ Barb confirms quietly, still coming closer. „No big deal.“ Nancy‘s eyes are suddenly fixed on Barb‘s. It‘s really no big deal. There wouldn‘t be anything sexual involved. Just two friends trying to get themselves a little bit of experience before they get out there to use their abilities. Their noses are now touching, which sends a small shudder down Nancy‘s spine. God dammit! She is horny! „Let‘s do it.“ she squeals. Barb doesn‘t need to be told twice. Their first kiss is just a small peck to the lips. They have done this before, though this time it‘s still nicer. More tingly, somehow. „Is that all?“ „Just wanted to see if you‘re really okay.“ „I am.“ Nancy insists. „Here, let me show you.“ She then dives in, more forcefully this time, with her lips slightly parted, head leaned to the left. Barb really reciprocates too, drawing the kiss out for as long as she can. It is good. To Nancy, this feels right, like something that was supposed to happen. Steve‘s lips are okay, but they are nowhere near as soft as Barb‘s. And they don‘t taste of strawberry lip gloss either. They break apart just a bit too early for Nancy‘s taste. „Good?“ Barb whispers. „You tell me.“ Nancy whispers back. „Do you think he will like it?“ Actually, she couldn‘t care less about that. She just wants to know if Barb enjoyed it as much as she did. „I don‘t know.“ her friend sighs. „Maybe you have to show me again?“ „Maybe I should.“ Nancy can barely hear her own voice. She is now aware how she is leaking. If it wasn‘t for her panties, her light pink nightgown would already show a stain. Is it the same for Barb? The same heat and tension? She leans in to test it out, and holy shit, Barb must feel the same. This time her tongue enters Nancy‘s mouth, who happily hums into the kiss. One would think this is disgusting. Like sharing a toothbrush, nothing a sane person would do. In reality, though, it‘s the opposite. Nancy never knew her tongue was that sensitive, or that another tongue in there could be so delicious. They dance around each other, explore every inch, there are also teeth involved involuntarily. Just as Nancy thinks it couldn‘t get any better, she feels it. Fingers, an entire palm, on her left breast, making her squeak. Okay, if Barb can do this, she can too. Nancy uses both hands to cup her friend‘s breasts. It‘s no secret to her, they are larger than her own, they fill her palms just so nicely. This could go on forever. Nancy wants it to. She wants to melt into this kiss, completely unable to make herself believe this is mere practice. No, this is so much more. Nancy wants Barb. She wants to feel her now, to taste and- Footsteps on the stairs. The girls break apart, both heavily panting. „That‘s Mike.“ Nancy whines. „God, I‘m sorry, I shouldn‘t have-“ „I shouldn‘t either.“ Barb says. „But I‘m kinda glad I did. This okay?“ „Better than okay.“ Nancy now keeps her distance though. Just as ordered, her door is open, and if Mike is on his way to his room he will come by and likely take a look into her room. She is right with that assumption, as the raven-haired twelve year old appears in her door frame mere seconds later, still fully dressed in jeans and polo shirt. „Hey.“ Nancy says. „Hey.“ Mike mumbles back. „I think I‘m gonna go to sleep. Just take a shower first.“ „It‘s after midnight.“ Nancy sneers. „Yeah, I kinda lost track of time there.“ her brother shrugs. „But it‘s not like I could wake anyone up. Just don‘t wanna go to bed all sweaty and stuff.“ „As if you care about that, turd.“ „Hey, Nancy...“ Barb sighs. „Give him a break.“ Nancy just can‘t resist those eyes. „Do whatever you have to do.“ she grunts at Mike. „But don‘t drown in there, that‘s gonna get me in trouble.“ „I wasn‘t asking for permission.“ he hisses, trotting away towards the bathroom. Barb waits for him to be out of hearing distance. „Nancy, why are you always so mean? I mean, look at him. He‘s so cute.“ „Cute.“ Nancy laughs. Well, maybe her little brother is cute in some way. But he is still that little demon that likes to make her life a living hell sometimes. She can hear the shower going two rooms over. „Told you I don‘t really hate him, didn‘t I? It‘s just... if he‘s having fun getting on my nerves, I can do the same.“  
 
 Mike takes his time in the bathroom. Nancy and Barb go on talking in the meantime. More than that, they continue kissing. By now, there is no need to lie about their motivation anymore. They are making out for the sake of making out, that‘s all. It feels good, and if that‘s the case, who could say it‘s wrong? Nancy loses herself in it, the gentle touch on her breasts, her nightgown being the only layer of protection between fingers and nipples. Maybe she‘ll change that later on. She doesn‘t lose herself enough not to notice the shower stopping, or the roar of the electric hairdryer. She gets it. She doesn‘t like going to bed with wet hair either. Few things are more uncomfortable. The bathroom door eventually flies open again, causing the two to jump apart again. „Turd!“ Nancy shouts. „What?“ comes the reply, before Mike appears by Nancy‘s door again. And, dammit, does she really have to look at this now? A towel is hanging around his neck. Other than that, the only item of clothing he is wearing are his striped briefs. His scrawny, pale body is in full view of both girls, and it doesn‘t even seem to bother him in the least. „Ha, I said ‚turd‘ and you came.“ she laughs to distract herself. It doesn‘t really work, for reasons unknown to Nancy, she is absolutely transfixed on the thin piece of cloth that is the final barrier between her gaze and his most private parts. She is definitely too worked up. „You know what, screw you.“ her brother says. „Screw you. Did you open the window at least?“ „Of course I did. I‘m not as dumb as you think.“ Nancy barely notices her heart picking up pace. He stays in place, seemingly waiting for more to come. And Nancy shouldn‘t do this. She really, absolutely, definitely shouldn‘t. Not just because it can land her in deep trouble with her parents, but also because it‘s plain wrong. But she wants to see if she can make him react. It‘s curiosity, that‘s what she tells herself. Hoping that Barb will pick up on it, she grins. „Mikey. Look at this.“ Nancy then props herself up on hands and knees. „You think I got a nice ass?“ Barb gasps audibly, letting out a somewhat manic giggling noise. To Nancy‘s relief, her best friend mirrors her movements. „Yeah, Mikey.“ she teases. „Or do you think mine is nicer?“ Now, Nancy expected something like a disgusted noise, and Mike fleeing the scene. She would leave him alone in that case and not bother him for the rest of the night. It‘s just that he is more like frozen in place, staring; it‘s palpable how his eyes are resting on her butt. „I... I... uh...“ he stammers, causing her a hint of pity. The same goes for Barb, obviously. „Sorry.“ she giggles. „Sorry. Just teasing.“ „Yeah.“ Barb agrees. „We all know my ass is better.“ „Maybe.“ Mike mutters. „Don‘t know. I mean... I...“ „Come on.“ Nancy groans at that. „Get a grip on yourself.“ She knows she is about to make it worse, though. Mike is blushing. His face and chest are so red, it‘s absolutely adorable. But only because of the terrible ache in between Nancy‘s legs. She shouldn‘t say and do these things. But Barb doesn‘t stop her, and she surely can‘t stop herself now. „Enough about asses. What about boobs? What do you think, Mikey?“ He only lets out a dry croak, looking utterly frozen. „You like girls, don‘t you? Come over here.“ To Nancy‘s surprise, he really does. Barb makes room for him on the bed, signaling him to sit down between them on the edge of the mattress. God, he is like a sheep right now, unable to think for himself as it seems. Nancy shouldn‘t exploit this. She has every opportunity, and every reason to stop it right now and send him to bed. But she can‘t. Whatever she wants, it‘s just too big and pressuring. Wide, dark eyes stare at her, stare at Barb, who are both leaning over Mike from his left and right side. He smells good. Really good. Like... „Hey! Did you use my Kiwi shampoo?“ „Just use whatever shampoo I see first.“ Mike mumbles, slumping his shoulders. „Sorry.“ He looks tired. And did he just say sorry? Well, that‘s a rare occurrence. It‘s not as welcome as Nancy would have thought. What is wrong with her? Is it because she secretly feeds off the grudges she holds against him? Like, she wants the drama, and then is left with nothing but regret when he finally caves in? That would make her a terrible sister. „Be nice to your brother, Nancy.“ Barb coos, when Nancy can‘t respond. She is the first to touch Mike too, letting her palm circle on his bare back comfortingly. „No need to be scared. Your sister isn‘t angry with you. Am I right, Nancy?“ Mike shivers pitifully at the touch, and Nancy finds her ability to talk. „I‘m not. I mean... you smell nice. You can use it if you want to.“ „Was just by chance.“ he says quietly, eyes on his feet. If only Nancy could make him more comfortable. Maybe if she touches him too. Her palm then rests on his sternum, where she can feel both the prominent bones, and his fast little heartbeat. „What‘s wrong?“ she hushes. „Mikey? What‘s wrong?“ „Nothing.“ Mike‘s shivers deepen slightly when Nancy moves her hand to really feel him. It‘s so ambivalent. Hard, edgy bones, but skin so warm, smooth and soft she feels the utter need to rest her cheek on it. Pressing her nose in his fluffy black hair, she takes a deep inhale to take in that smell of Kiwi, then hums into it. „We were talking about boobs.“ Nancy smiles softly, now talking without the teasing undertone. A sick desire has overcome her. „Yeah.“ Barb giggles. „Boobs. Mine, or Nancy‘s? Come on, cutie, you can tell us.“ „Don‘t know.“ Mike squeaks. „Let us help you decide then. You wanna touch?“ „Touch?“ „Yeah.“ Nancy picks it up. „Like this.“ It would only take one word from him for her to stop. He remains quiet as she takes his small hand in hers and leads it towards her breast. Barb does the same with his other hand, so he touches both of them simultaneously. Well, now she should either stop this, or stop asking herself what is wrong with her. Nancy decides on the latter, for now. She presses her thighs together and moves, desperate for at least a minimum amount of friction. It doesn‘t help. „So... What do you say?“ Barb asks him sweetly. Neither of them really would force Mike to answer. It‘s nice enough having him touch. It‘s sparkly, exciting, and the electric energy his fingers produce in her nipple just settles right in Nancy‘s core eventually. She lets out a small moan when he moves his hand. Then, there is the bulge. Mike is quiet, his hands are just resting still, and Nancy can see why. The reason is only barely hidden behind his tight briefs. The sight of it does something to her. Something so wrong, it should make her throw up and flee the scene in an instant. Her arousal drives he to do the opposite though, to further engage in whatever she and Barb are starting right now. She touches the little bulge. Gently, with just two fingertips. Mike withdraws his hands from the girls‘ breasts immediately, gasping, dark eyes falling shut. Barb breathes contently. She snakes her arm around Mike‘s shoulders and pulls him close to her, all while Nancy still lets her digits wander up and down his concealed erection. She doesn‘t miss how her brother whines against the crook of her best friend‘s neck; now, Nancy couldn‘t be happier to have Barb here. The red-haired girl is just such a soothing presence, especially to Mike. „Is this okay, cutie?“ she asks, taking the words right from Nancy‘s mouth. She wanted to ask that too. „You can tell us if you want to stop.“ Mike lets out something between a high-pitched cry and a moan. He shakes his head, though. „S‘okay.“ he whimpers. „Really?“ Nancy croons. „Then what if I do this?“ Without stopping the slight stimulation, she reaches for his hardened, pink nipples, scraping her fingernails over them lightly. The effect is immediate; Mike‘s shoulders heave, giving Barb a reason to hold him even closer. „This good?“ „Hmm.“ „Yeah, you like that, huh?“ Barb breathes into Mike‘s ear. „We know it feels good.“ Nancy moans, unable to explain to herself what has overcome her. „You do this from time to time? Make yourself feel good?“ She takes his neatly rounded chin in between her fingers to turn his head. Nancy needs to see his eyes, only to find them tearing up. His face and chest have gone from bright to dark red. „Hey...“ she hushes. „Hey, Mikey, it‘s okay. I do it too.“ „Me too.“ Barb agrees softly, with a small kiss to his temple. „Nothing to be ashamed about.“ Mike nods, the color of humiliation leaving his cheeks already. He still is uncomfortable as it seems, but Nancy wants to keep this up. Before she stops, she just has to try everything she can to make him better. It just takes one swift motion to get rid of the laced nightgown she is wearing. It slides up her body, exposing her panties, then her flat stomach, then her bare breasts. There is no denying that Barb is watching, but this is nothing she hasn‘t already seen. Girls see these parts of each other all the time, especially if they are sixteen years old and curious. It is no surprise when she removes her nightgown in the same fashion, remaining sitting on the bed just in her panties. Nancy really admires her best friend‘s boobs. They are larger than her own, but just as firm and well defined, with nice, pointy nipples that give away her arousal. Yes, she enjoys this just as much as Nancy. Mike gawks at them, making Nancy giggle with his adorably widened eyes and dilated pupils. „C-can... I...“ he stammers. „C-c-can...“ „Go on.“ Nancy invites him. His limp arms don‘t do anything, though, so she gives him the needed encouragement by directing one of his hands at her breasts again. This time he is considerably less passive, kneading her lightly. „You can use your mouth, if you want.“ Nancy gasps with pleasure, before leaning closer. She just hopes Barb doesn‘t feel left out by this. When Mike begins to lap at her nipple, though, she realizes Barb is just fine. The tingling shock surges down her insides, while her friend all but purrs. „God, look at him.“ she croons. „So adorable.“ „Yeah.“ Nancy interweaves her fingers with Mike‘s beautifully scented hair. It‘s so soft, almost as black as the night but sparkling as well. „God!“ she gasps, when his teeth brush her left nipple. „So good! More!“ „No, no, no.“ Barb then scolds, waving her index finger. „It‘s my turn now. You okay with that, cutie?“ „Yeah.“ Mike whines. He turns to Barb, repeating what he just did to Nancy, and her eyes snap shut at the immense pleasure. It looks and sounds as if he is really suckling on her breast. „You‘re so... so good.“ Barb praises the boy. „So good.“ „Barb.“ Nancy whispers. „He needs-“ „I know. Hm, Mike? Want us to make you feel really good?“ Mike‘s response is a small nod against Barb‘s breast, and Nancy‘s breath catches in her throat. She is going to see him. She is going to touch him, maybe even taste him. What is wrong with her? She shouldn‘t want to do these things to her little brother, but... dammit, she can‘t just turn this off. And the worst part is, she can‘t even tell herself it is just because she has never seen that part of a boy before. Maybe in part, but in the end Nancy is just horny. Her pussy is pulsing with heavy heat, desperate to be touched. „Lie down.“ She orders softly, at which Mike lets go of Barb and does as he is told. The bulge in his briefs is twitching. She can‘t stop it, she has to touch herself. Leaving it to Barb to undress her brother, Nancy uses both hands to spread her slick arousal all over her opening. Her panties have to go, they are soaked anyways, and that finally frees her scent. Mike, of course, doesn‘t recognize what it is, but it has an effect on him, as he arches his back when Nancy discards the thin piece of cloth. „Look who enjoys this.“ Barb chuckles. She proceeds to tug on the waistband of Mike‘s tight briefs, coaxing a gasp from his small throat. His entire scrawny body writhes in Nancy‘s sheets when he is freed of his underwear. She has to hold back then, because the sight of him like this is threatening to push her over the edge already. The shock is brief. What is she shocked about anyways? His size, perhaps. There isn‘t a lot to it, at maybe three and a half inches, and a circumference that isn‘t even worth mentioning. Without ever having seen another one, Nancy is pretty sure he is still growing. It‘s all pale skin, completely hairless, but it looks so smooth, so cute, and it makes her insides throb. „You‘re so pretty.“ Barb whispers, and Nancy can only agree. She has never seen anything quite as adorable as her little brother spread out in her sheets like this, mouth agape, all heavy breathing and moaning with his pre-pubescent voice. Nancy hesitates. „Can I touch?“ Mike grabs at one of her pillows, presses his face into it, but nods eventually. Nancy has a vague idea of how boys do it, and she decides to try it that way, with a light fist around his cock, slowly stroking up and down. She was right, he is soft. Everything about him is soft, not only the skin on his erect shaft, but also his thighs, his stomach, his chest. Her fingers are everywhere, but eventually make their way back in between her own legs to tickle at her own core again. Mike cries into the pillow; it‘s the cry of a little boy completely overwhelmed at what‘s happening to him. Once again, Nancy is grateful for Barb, because her friend goes on to lie next to Mike, gently pushing the pillow away to pepper his crumbled face with small kisses, and to shower him with much needed praise. Nancy is still busy stroking her hand up and down his length, while keeping track of every little movement, every little reaction he gives her. It‘s all whining, moaning, quiet cries of pleasure that are partially swallowed by Barb. Then, things happen so quickly, Nancy can barely grasp what is going on. Mike‘s tiny hands clutch into the bedsheets, knuckles turning white under the strain, his hips buck up from the bed, accompanied by a loud, desperate wail, that seems to resonate in the empty house. He then falls flat onto his back again. This confuses Nancy. Something is missing here, something she knows should happen when a boy orgasms. But Mike didn‘t shoot his load. His small shaft, still hard as a bone, is also dry as a bone. What does that mean, now? It almost looks like he isn‘t there yet. „Did you just...?“ Nancy asks, curious, but also still horny as hell. She doesn‘t stop stroking herself. There is more than a hint of shame to Mike‘s voice, when he answers. „Yeah... I... I... I know it‘s not...“ „It‘s okay.“ Barb assures him. „Give it some time.“ „Yeah.“ Nancy nods. „Just need some time. Can... can I ask you something? I‘ve read that... I mean... can you... more than once?“ The thought of it pushes her arousal into unknown heights. „I... I guess...“ Mike mumbles. „It‘s just... intense.“ „Can I try?“ Barb chimes in. „Please? I‘ll be gentle.“ The completely wasted twelve year old between them props himself on his elbows, letting out a heavy sigh. „O-okay.“ Barb doesn‘t need any further invitation. It is with some jealousy that Nancy observes her leaning down to take Mike‘s entire cock in her mouth. But Mike also requires her attention; it‘s obvious, he is close to his breaking point here. Just because he can still come several times in a row doesn‘t mean he is immune to overstimulation. Barb really is gentle, though, so Nancy can‘t do a lot more than lie down next to her brother and inch close to him. „Such a good brother.“ she coos against Mike‘s hair, that is now beginning to dampen with his sweat. He still smells so clean and comforting. Nancy‘s tits press against his chest the way she is lying half on top of him. „N-Nancy...“ he whines. It‘s a plea, but Nancy isn‘t quite sure what it means. She does the only thing she can think of. Kiss him. Not like she would usually kiss her brother, but with everything she‘s got. Barb did it in a similar way just minutes earlier. Writhing underneath her, Mike lets his tongue explore her mouth. That‘s when it‘s finally enough for her. She can‘t stand this anymore, and pushes herself over the edge with her fingers. It‘s blindingly intense, everything is so much more present than usual. Nancy is aware of how her brother‘s soft skin tickles her nipples, how he tastes of the Sprite he has probably had this evening, how his sweat smells dark, but still so young and immature. The orgasm ripples through her body, mixes with all these impressions until Nancy is filled to the brim with nothing but Mike. Around the time when the cool-off begins, she senses the vibration in his throat, and Barb isn‘t exactly quiet either, stroking herself in a similar manner while still sucking Mike off. They both come in the same moment, but Nancy really only pays attention to her little brother. She has to see what this is doing to him, his second orgasm in a row, completely dry and probably intense enough to knock him out. It‘s not just moaning now. He cries, with everything that comes with it. Tears, sobbing, a bit of snot... He even begins to struggle so hard, Nancy and Barb have to hold him down until it is over. The experience leaves him a mess, not sobbing anymore, but utterly spent and flexing what little muscles he has. They have all had their release, and only now does Nancy really notice the scent that is hanging in the air above them. Most of it is female arousal, bodily fluids she knows just too well. Barb‘s smells slightly different from her own, but perhaps it‘s just the hint of Mike in there that makes all the difference. His scent is heavier, darker than Nancy anticipated for a boy his age. Such a hairless little creature without even the ability to shoot his load. Aside from the scent, there is also a shift in atmosphere. Nancy and Barb need time to cool off, and while Mike does too, he doesn‘t allow himself to lie down and pant as heavily as both girls do. Instead, Mike scrambles off the bed in a rush, standing on wobbly legs to find his briefs on the floor. He topples over more than once attempting to pull them up, and finally turns around to face the bed with the two satisfied girls. Nancy looks at him. Really looks. Does he regret this? Does he think it was wrong? No, that‘s not it. Her brother looks different, there is nothing left of the little devil. He is just... just what? Just Mike. That‘s it. He is exposed now, not just physically, half-naked as he is standing there, but also emotionally. He senses it too, which must be the reason for this state of frozen shock he is in. Vulnerable! Vulnerable like the two siblings don‘t allow themselves to appear around each other. Earlier, just an hour earlier, Nancy would have taken advantage of it. She would have teased him in an attempt to be as frustrating and annoying as possible. Just out of spite, or for the fun of it. That is the exact opposite of what she wants to do now. „Mikey?“ she asks warily. „Yeah?“ he croaks, unmoving and stiff as a board. „You... you‘re going to bed?“ „Yeah.“ „N-no. Don‘t. I mean...“ Nancy shoots Barb a gaze. Her friend‘s hair is hanging loose around her temples, her hazy eyes focus, though. She nods, smiling at her. „C‘mere please.“ Her little brother climbs back on the bed, slowly, and with shaking arms, lying back down in between the girls. „You wanna sleep here with us?“ Barb softly asks him. „We‘ve got enough room.“ Mike sighs, relaxing his little body in the sheets. Nancy has him back, at least for now. Her baby brother, the little boy mom and dad brought home from the hospital one day. The one she watched when he was learning to walk, when he spoke his first word, ‚Nana‘. Their mom believed it was 'Mama', but when Nancy felt his tiny fists grabbing into her hair, she knew he'd meant 'Nancy'. Her hand rests on his damp stomach as she pulls the thin blanket over all three of them. Mike turns to face Nancy, close enough for her to feel his now soft little dick brushing against her stomach through his underpants. After signing Barb to spoon him from behind, she presses a little peck to her brother‘s nose. „I... I don‘t mean it when I say I hate you.“ Nancy gives in to her need to tell him this. „I know. I don‘t mean it either.“ Mike breathes back. Nancy is having trouble holding back her tears. „Why do we say these things then?“ „Don‘t know. Let‘s just... not do it as often. Okay?“ She agrees to that. „Would be nice. I kinda miss you.“ It‘s impossible to see if he is crying, but he is certainly sniffing now. „Miss you too, Nancy.“ „What if we watch some movies together tomorrow?“ Barb sighs quietly. Mike shivers a bit, perhaps because of her breath against his neck. „Something we all like.“ „Is there anything we all like?“ Mike mumbles sleepily against Nancy‘s collarbone. Barb chuckles. „Your sister thinks Harrison Ford is sexy.“ „Raiders of the Lost Ark.“ he simply yawns. „That‘s okay.“ Nancy‘s arm finds its way around her brother and her best friend, making the three of them a unit, something like one entirely relaxed being, almost entirely naked and covered in its own sweat. If she could choose, she‘d probably want to sleep like this every night, her little brother‘s nose softly inhaling and exhaling at her collarbone, feet entangled with Barb‘s. „Love you, Mikey.“ she whispers, somehow glad that he is already too far lost in the realms of sleep to actually hear her.



Chapter 2
Chapter Notes
Well I'll be fucking damned. Yep, this is just me putting out a second chapter to one of my oldest one shots. People have asked me about this several times, and yeah, the possibility existed. I just didn't think I'd go this overboard and make it even longer than the first chapter.Just for your information: The first chapter is obviously pre-season-1. This is pre-season-2, and I'm just going to assume that El found both Will and Barb alive in the Upside Down. I wouldn't fret about it too much. Barb is alive in this, okay? Also, the moral of the story is: Incest can fix ALL your problems. Not really, but oh well.



„I just really don‘t want to have to bear him this weekend.“ Barb leans her head to the side, a teasing smile playing with her features. She pushes her glasses up, like she often does when she is feeling this satisfied with herself. „Thank god I‘m giving you this opportunity, hm?“ „Let‘s just thank your parents.“ Nancy says. She exchanges her History textbook with the heaviest one her locker has to offer, Algebra, and then clicks the lock on it shut again. Just to realize she should probably get out some quad-ruled paper. Unless she wants to take notes and draw graphs on her forearm. „Sometimes I wonder why I‘m still putting up with him.“ After a wary look in either direction, Barb leans closer. „Because he‘s amazing in bed, sweetie?“ „Yeah, I wish.“ Nancy snorts. „In, out, good night. And now he doesn‘t even want to go out anymore. Like, parties, sure, but anything that doesn‘t involve him getting drunk? Is a nice dinner too much to ask? I swear, I get this close to breaking his nose sometimes.“ „Which is why, this Friday, I‘m going to read you my thirty page manifest on why you should break up with Steve Harrington. You‘re better than that, Nancy.“ „Wouldn‘t take a lot of convincing.“ The bell rings. The commotion in the hall increases tenfold in an instant, with people starting to walk, run, stumble over each other to get to class in time. Before walking off to Algebra, Nancy turns around to Barb one more time, scrunching her nose. „You don‘t have a thirty page manifest on that.“ „Okay, you‘re right.“ Barb says lightly. „Twenty. In here.“ She taps her finger against her temple and pushes up her glasses again. „Be prepared for a lecture, honey.“ „What would I do without you?“ Nancy starts feeling just a tiny little bit better on her way to class. As good as she can feel after everything that happened. What would she do without Barb, really? Get drunk with her useless still-boyfriend every weekend? Completely lose her grounding and turn into the likes of bitches like Carol? She actually doesn‘t want to think about it. There are too many things to fret about as it is. No reason to stress the ‚what-if‘, the worst-case scenarios of how last year could have turned out. Not everyone is as fine as Nancy is, and she knows it. Will, for example. Probably the sweetest kid she knows, quiet and intelligent, good-natured through and through. The tiniest smile from him can light up an entire room, but these smiles have become rare after November. One day, in February, Joyce Byers sat down everyone involved in the events of last November to tell them that it is, in fact, not over. That Will is experiencing flashbacks. According to her, they deserved to know this. Nancy held Jonathan‘s trembling hand through the entire talk, Steve didn‘t say a word. The news made sense then. It explained why Will had come around for sleepovers less and less. What has Nancy on edge even now, after an entire summer has passed, is that Will‘s suffering just keeps adding to Mike‘s distress. Of which there is more than a thirteen year old kid should have to endure. A year ago, he was the devil to her. Trampling all over her day in, day out, step-dance-destroying the thin fiber of her teenage nerves. She used to be annoyed. Now, Nancy is just sad. Mike doesn‘t even try to stay out of their parents‘ hair anymore. Or his teachers‘, for that matter. A week of detention here, a paddling and an extended period spent grounded there. Toys in boxes for Goodwill, made to go to bed before dinner. He is hurting, Nancy thinks for the tenth time today as she sits down on her desk just in time for Mrs. Bogart to begin her lesson. Steve is somewhere in the back of the classroom, having been moved there for disturbing class one too many times. Maybe he is looking at her. Probably. But Nancy has too many things on her mind to care about him anymore. How can she be allowed to have a good time with her best friend, or to get fucked by her boyfriend, when Mike has lost someone? Every single night, he calls Eleven. She never answers. And there is nothing that Nancy can do to help. Maybe she shouldn‘t sleep over at Barb‘s this Friday. But then again, what can she do? Mike pushes her away, and not gently. He becomes the same little shit he‘s been for years when confronted. Getting to him is a task she can‘t live up to.  
  Still blue, but enjoying the early fall sun, Nancy strolls along Main Street. She could have gotten all her school supplies by the end of summer break, sure, but she felt uncomfortable then. Back to school shopping can be a bitch. Stores are overrun, people chattering, pushing their way to the front of the line because they seriously have better things to do, and a generally unpleasant feeling of crowded public spaces. Nancy can‘t really stand that anymore. An issue that should be addressed by a psychologist? Well, to be fair, it isn‘t that bad. Still, if Nancy can choose, she goes out on days when the town is not as crowded. So she only got the bare necessities before school started again. Now, she is packed. Bags over bags of notebooks, pens, file folders, several rulers because these things break all the time somehow, and overall more than enough supplies to last her the entire school year. Probably even longer, and since it‘s her last year, she might pass some of it down to Mike eventually. The afternoon is already getting late, an orange sun now hanging deep and casting long shadows down the peaceful street. Nancy likes it like that. Moving to a big city for college, which she will have to do, seems like a nightmare in comparison. Through store windows she can see mostly housewives running errands, some alone, some with little kids wiggling in their strollers, some with toddlers doing what they want - ‚No! Bradley! Don‘t put that in your mouth! Put it back on the shelf!‘ - Some kids on bikes, actually more than there are cars, because it‘s a particularly sleepy week. The beginning of fall sort of weighs down on Hawkins and its people. Nancy spies into the alleys between stores as she walks by, for no reason other than paranoia maybe. She couldn‘t stand not checking them. Who knows what might be lurking there? Her subconscious expects monsters - her conscious mind thinks of nothing. So, both are surprised when, behind a dumpster between Sheen‘s grocery store and Gunderson‘s Woodworking Supplies, clouds of gray smoke come puffing up into the air, together with coughing and muffled curses, Nancy stalls. „Shit!“ a voice whisper-shouts. „Holy shit!“ Now, that is a dead giveaway. Nancy thinks a smart kid like Dustin Henderson should know better than to try this nonsense. Or at least he should know better than to do it in an alleyway on Main Street. God knows there are better hideouts around town. Nancy very quietly steps into the alley. He is getting a piece of her mind. For his own good, and because she likes that boy and wants him to live to sixty. Whoever gave him that cigarette will be in big trouble. „Why do adults do this? It‘s horrible.“ More coughing. „I know! Hey, but you look cool, you know that?“ Yeah, that‘s how it always starts. Looking cool. Grown up. Nancy only gives herself away when she steps around the dumpster. „God dammit! Mike? What the hell are you doing?“ Honestly, who else did she expect? It‘s not like Dustin Henderson has any other friends than her brother, Will Byers and Lucas Sinclair. All of which she finds crouched on the dirty ground. Lucas was just in the middle of passing the cigarette bud over to Mike, who promptly drops it into a tiny puddle, where it hisses like a dying baby snake, its glow fading out of existence. She knows they contemplate running, but the other end of the alley is a brick wall. „Oh, you‘re in so much trouble!“ Nancy hisses. „All of you! What the hell are you thinking?“ Four boys stare up at her, still and mortified. Even Mike, who would usually give her shit now. „We were just trying-“ he starts defensively. „Trying to get on the best way to giving yourselves cancer?“ Nancy cuts him off. An idea begins blooming in the back of her head, so she decides to act more dramatic than she would have to. Boys trying a cigarette. Big deal, right? But making it a big deal might be a good thing. „Go ahead, run. But I‘m calling all your parents! Mike, I wonder what mom and dad have to say to that.“ „P-Please.“ Will pleads with her. He is the first to rise to his feet. „We only got this one. A guy from Biology gave it to me. It was my idea to try it.“ „You cajoled them into this?“ Nancy asks him, struggling to shed her smirk. She finds that hard to believe, but him trying to take the blame for it is awfully cute of Will. „Tell me who gave you the cigarette. I want a name.“ „His name?“ Will coughs again, mouth snapping open and shut through a long pause. „Yeah, sure, it was, uh... Lucas, who was it again? Remember, I told you. I think, uh-“ „Stop it!“ Lucas cuts in. „He‘s just trying to protect me. I persuaded them. I know it was wrong, and it‘s okay if you call my parents, Nancy.“ „That‘s not true!“ Dustin interjects. He reaches into his jeans pocket. „See? I even got the lighter. This was my idea. Leave the others alone! They had nothing to do with it.“ Crossing her arms, Nancy looks down on the three disparagingly. „All of you had something do with it. Did you at least enjoy it?“ „It‘s horrible!“ Dustin says solemnly. „And we won‘t do it again. Ever. We promise. Just, please, let us go. We‘ve learned our lesson.“ „Is that so?“ Nancy hasn‘t missed that Mike is quiet, still crouched on the ground. „And you? Are you Spartacus, too? Your friends are all taking the blame for you here, Mikey.“ Mike rises slowly, unlike his friends, and looks her straight into the eyes. His own are turning a bit puffy. He is the culprit here, and Nancy knows it. „It was my fault. I got the cigarette from some high school senior.“ he says quietly. „I thought it might be cool.“ His hands are trembling from the shock, but that serves him well, Nancy thinks. Her idea is taking shape rapidly. Nancy nods. „I believe you. Will? Can I talk to you alone?“ „T-To me?“ Will flinches at the sound of his own name. „Why?“ „Alone.“ Nancy repeats. „You three, don‘t go anywhere, or I swear I tell your parents you paid a hobo to buy you an entire pack.“ „You wouldn‘t!“ Mike spits. „We‘d tell them the truth.“ „Don‘t test me. Who would they believe, Mike? Will, are you coming?“ „Okay...“ Will says with hesitation. They separate from the group, walk a few feet towards Main Street. „Nancy, seriously.“ he begins quietly so that his friends can‘t hear him. „Do whatever you want, just don‘t tell your parents. Mike has already been in too much trouble this year!“ There are little tears welling up in his eyes. Nancy simply adores this about him. He doesn‘t care if he ends up grounded, as long as Mike gets out of this unscathed. „I know.“ she says, softly this time. „Will, there‘s something you can do to help him. I... I hope, anyways. It‘s nothing big, I bet you‘ve even done it before.“ Will glares over his shoulder, back to his frozen-in-place friends. „I‘d do anything. Really, Nancy. What is it?“ „Jeez, you‘re making it sound like I want you to give an arm and a leg.“ „I would!“ Yeah, Nancy bets that isn‘t even far from the truth, bless Will‘s loyalty. „There‘s no need. I actually just want to... to take Mike somewhere. You don‘t need to know where, and what I‘m going to do with him. All you have to do is cover for him on Friday. Officially, he‘ll be sleeping over at your place, okay?“ „Yeah, okay.“ Will breathes out, looking suddenly incredibly relieved. „I can do that, no problem. My mom will be working late.“ „Good.“ Nancy says. „Really, Will. If you do this, I‘ll forget about today. Do we have a deal?“ „Deal.“ Will says immediately. He doesn‘t ask what Nancy‘s plans are, and honestly, he‘ll never know. Mike sure will not tell his friends, no matter how this weekend turns out. It can‘t make things worse, Nancy thinks. She leads a relieved boy back to his friends, proclaiming „Okay, listen. I‘ve decided I‘ll let this one slide. But I want all you boys to go home right now. I won‘t tell anyone about this if you stay in your rooms the rest of today and think about how generous I‘m being.“ „Dude, what did you tell her?“ Dustin asks Will very nonchalantly. „Home.“ Nancy repeats. „All of you. Now. You can talk about this tomorrow, or whenever. But I really want you idiots to appreciate what I‘m doing here.“ Dustin is the first to trot past her. „Thanks, Nancy. Really.“ „Yeah, thank you.“ Lucas agrees. Will‘s „Thank you.“ has an added layer of knowing to it that Nancy quite likes. It‘s good to know that there are others who care as much as she does. She stops Mike when he tries to push past here. „We got the same way home, don‘t we? Let‘s talk, yeah?“ „Whatever.“ he grunts. His pace ends up way faster than anything Nancy is used to, and she suspects this is intentional. But she keeps up with his unproportionally long legs. „Don‘t you even want to know what I talked about with Will?“
„Probably something really important.“ „He is going to cover for you on Friday. That‘s why I‘ve let you turds off the hook. Don‘t forget that before you drag your best friend into any more trouble.“ Mike wrinkles his nose, annoyed. „And why would he cover for me? I‘m not going anywhere on Friday.“ „But you are.“ Nancy tells him. They speed around a corner. Mike almost collides with an oncoming old man, Nancy preventing this by pulling him aside by his shoulder. „Sorry, sir.“ she apologizes. The old man grunts a rude response, waves around with his walking stick for a few seconds, and then continues on his way, grumbling until he has rounded the corner. Mike, now backed against another store front, glares right into her eyes defiantly. „Where am I going on Friday?“ „You‘re coming with me to Barb‘s house. Her parents are out of town for the weekend.“ Mike wiggles himself out of Nancy‘s grasp, tries to take a step back, and collides with the wall. „To Barb‘s?“ he hisses. „Shit, Nancy! We agreed we‘d never talk about-“ „Talk about what?“ Nancy asks pointedly. „About... about... nothing.“ „Exactly. Look, Mike, there‘s two ways this can go for you. You come with me, or I‘m going to tell mom and dad I found you smoking behind a dumpster. Alone. I know you wouldn‘t drag your friends into this. All the blame would be on you.“ Nancy is getting a bit sick of this. Blackmailing kids isn‘t her jam, but she is doing what she has to do. She‘s doing what she can. „What... what are we gonna do?“ Mike asks. He is cutely nervous now. Nancy can‘t stifle her smile. „Nothing you don‘t want to do. I swear. But you have to come along.“ „But I don‘t want anything to do with you two.“ „Then you can go right to bed as soon as we arrive.“  
  Barb is, in every sense of the term, the best friend Nancy could ever wish for. She adores Mike, and there isn‘t a single word of protest when Nancy tells her that she wants to bring him along. Barb adores Mike, or maybe she adores an idealized version of him from back when he was a six year old bundle of love and giggles. She really judges from the perspective of an only child. Regardless, Nancy is glad she doesn‘t have to convince her friend. Mike is quiet for the rest of the week. Part may be fear that their parents could find out about his latest misdemeanor, part the knowledge where he is going this weekend. They really did agree never to talk about it, but it‘s hard not to think about it. It‘s been an entire year, and Nancy could probably count the days when it didn‘t cross her mind one one hand. That‘s not to say she wants to repeat it no matter what. It‘s just that, twelve months later, she is still under the impression that it was good for her brother. He did behave better for a few weeks after. He trots down the stairs shortly after sundown. Nancy notices that he hasn‘t packed anything, so perhaps he doesn‘t plan to stay too long. She will deal with this attitude later and isn‘t too worried overall, but his lack of a backpack could blow his cover, so she quickly shouts „Okay, we‘re heading out! Bye!“, hoping no one will actually come to the door to see them off. The story is, of course, that Nancy is going to take a detour and drop Mike off at Will‘s house. And should mom or dad call, Will is going to tell them that Mike is in the bathroom, or that he has already fallen asleep, or whatever he can come up with. Not perfect, but it‘s enough. They won‘t call anyways. „Bye, kids!“ their mom calls from the living room. „Remember, call if you‘re not going to be home for lunch!“ Nancy drags her brother into the fresh night air. They walk in silence, and it isn‘t even uncomfortable, although Mike makes a face of annoyance. As if he had something better to do tonight. Nancy can see that he is glad to get out of the house, though. She has - unintentionally - listened to his call to Eleven tonight. „I hate it here, sometimes. Like, when they ground me, and I can‘t leave, and the walls just keep coming closer and closer. Sometimes I can‘t breathe, El. Please come back.“ His eyes are still slightly red, his nose a bit runny. Halfway to Barb‘s house, Nancy rests a hand on his shoulder. He is all but running by that point. „You okay?“ „No, I mean, yeah. It‘s just how I usually walk.“ Nancy gets him to slow down a little again, but he remains tense as he always is lately. Like something is just waiting to burst out of that slender body of his once it‘s swollen up too much for him to contain it. Nancy wants to be around when that happens. She believe she is one of the few people who could handle him then. She lets Mike ring the doorbell. He doesn‘t muster a smile when Barb lets them in - Nancy is just glad he doesn‘t act up like the shameless little shit he can be sometimes. A meek „Hi“ to Barb is uttered, and that‘s already more than they can ask for. „I bought snacks.“ Barb says. „My parents left us fried chicken too. If you want some, help yourselves.“ „Had dinner.“ Mike says shortly. At the rate he is growing, though, Nancy knows he‘ll eat something later. This is just him being defensive again. „You can take your stuff to the living room.“ Barb offers, unfazed by his attitude. Mike doesn‘t have any stuff, of course. He just sits down on the couch, crosses his arms, and by that makes it clear that he isn‘t here by choice. Nancy rolls her eyes. „He‘s a little stiff, huh?“ „It‘s good that he‘s here. Look, I‘ve just come back from the video store. They finally got Footloose.“ „Do you think he‘s going to like it?“ Nancy‘s gaze falls on the box Barb is handing her. She does have a weak spot for Kevin Bacon. „He‘s going to bear it.“ Barb shrugs. „I wouldn‘t bet on it. Look, if he leaves, I‘ll have to go after him, Barb.“ „Of course. But where would he go without having to confess to your parents that he wasn‘t at his friend‘s house?“ Nancy tugs her bottom lip under her teeth. „That‘s sort of why I‘d have to go with him. He‘d do something stupid, I think. Like try to sleep on a piece of cardboard downtown, or sneak to Will‘s place. I can‘t have him stumbling around the woods at night.“ „We‘re not letting it get that far. I think he could actually enjoy this.“ Nancy remains skeptical. Anything she likes, and she does like Footloose a whole lot, Mike despises. It doesn‘t have Dungeons, it doesn‘t have Dragons, and sure as hell it doesn‘t have Orks, Morlocks or Gollums. She heaves a sigh, follows Barb into the living room, and hopes that bringing Mike was as good an idea as she thought a few days ago. Barb even made pop corn. A lot of the snacks she brought, especially soda, isn‘t something Nancy would usually have. Considerate as she is, she bought this all to make Mike a little more comfortable, without being too obvious. Nancy pours herself a plastic cup with Sprite to make it appear that this is normal behavior for one of their sleepovers. She sits on the floor with Barb, leaned against the couch, while Mike doesn‘t move an inch. „It‘s actually pretty good.“ Nancy tells her brother. „It‘s about a town where they banned music and dancing and stuff. Anything that‘s not Christian, so-“ „I know, jeez.“ he sighs. „Seen the trailer. Let‘s just get it over with.“ „That‘s no attitude, sweetie.“ Barb scolds as she pops in the tape. „Don‘t you want to try to have fun at least? Wouldn‘t hurt you. If it gets too bad, I can just make you the bed in the guestroom.“ „Whatever.“ Mike says, a word Nancy has grown to hate by now. Always making it appear like he doesn‘t care, but then going off when things don‘t go the way he wants them to. She wishes Barb hadn‘t told him about the guestroom. It doesn‘t look like he even registered that part, though. It doesn‘t look like he is registering much of anything. Mike keeps his arms crossed, eyebrows scrunched in a deep dismissive scowl, through the first half hour of the movie. He is so quiet, Nancy almost forgets he is there. „So, Kevin Bacon?“ she asks her friend. „Well, obviously.“ Barb giggles. „That‘s the whole point, right? They wouldn‘t cast someone who‘s not hot for a movie like this.“ „Yeah, objectively.“ Nancy bites her lip. „But I‘m not really into him. I don‘t know what it is about him, but he looks like he‘s a dick in real life. I mean, look at him.“ To Nancy, it‘s really something about the expression this guy is always sporting. The way Steve used to look just a year ago. And Barb knows this. „You mean a dick like Steve Harrington?“ „No, really.“ Nancy defends her boyfriend. „He‘s been working on his attitude. Now all that‘s left is his idiot inconsiderate side. He doesn‘t hang around with that piece of shit Tommy anymore, y‘know. But yeah, Kevin Bacon reminds me of him a little.“ „I still think he‘s hot. Hey, would you let him do you?“ A bit shocked, Nancy looks over her shoulder. Mike has his eyes glued to the TV screen, but they‘re absent, as though he isn‘t paying attention and sort of living in his own world again. She turns back to Barb. „I guess in a contest between Kevin Bacon and Chris Penn, yeah.“ „Same.“ Barb says. „But what about Chris Penn and John Lithgow?“ „Oh my god! Ew!“ Nancy exclaims. Who would even think of such a thing? John Lithgow? Gross! One swift motion later, a laced pillow from the couch clashes with Barb‘s shoulder, making her giggle. Between them, Mike‘s legs twitch a little in surprise. Barb, who was just about to start a tickle fight, lets her arms rest again. „Huh. Got anything to say to that, Mikey? Who would you rather see your sister with? Chris Penn or John Lithgow?“ Nancy has to grin into her fist. But Mike isn‘t impressed in the least. He keeps his arms crossed like all those countless minutes before. With a sigh of resentment, Barb lets herself fall against the cough. „No humor.“ „Hey, wait a second.“ Nancy cuts in. Maybe discussing men isn‘t what they should be doing with a thirteen year old boy present. Because most thirteen year old boys would be doing the opposite. Except maybe Will Byers - yes, it‘s that obvious. „Hey, Mike. What about Lori Singer? She‘s hot. Look at how she moves.“ When Mike doesn‘t react, Barb picks this up. „Oh, don‘t tell me you‘re into mature women. Dianne Wiest? No way. I repeat, no way.“ „N-No.“ Mike says with hesitation. „No what?“ „Not Dianne Wiest. I mean, she looks like a mom. Gross.“ „Well, she plays a mom, doesn‘t she?“ Barb says. There is a sort of tension in the room now, one that the music from Footloose can‘t quiet break through. Three people in the room, and no one really knows what to say next. But, Barb to the rescue, though she somewhat clumsily deflects from the first topic of the night that got Mike to answer. „Hey, I‘m gonna change into something more comfortable. Nancy?“ „I guess.“ Nancy nods. As she moves a little, she fins her ass sore from sitting on the floor in her jeans all this time. Plus she has been wearing her bra for way too long already. „Hey, Barb? You got anything comfortable for Mike to wear?“ „Sure, I‘ll find something. We‘ll be right back, Mikey.“ Nancy pauses the movie, freezing a flickering image of Kevin Bacon‘s legs in the screen. Once in Barb‘s upstairs bedroom, getting out of her bra feels like heaven, as does dropping her jeans and massaging her sore backside. Barb is quicker to change and then goes on to search her drawers for something that Mike can wear. If he agrees to it, which Nancy actually doubts. Boys can be such idiots, especially at his age. „What do you think?“ „That?“ Nancy almost chokes on her own words. „That? He‘s going to kill us, Barb.“ „What? It doesn‘t even have lace! Look, it‘s just a piece of cloth.“ Nancy stares at the white nightgown, a plain one thirteen year old Barb would have worn. Sleeveless, with a light green square collar. Yes, it looks like it could fit Mike, but come on. He‘s not even going to acknowledge this piece of emasculating fabric. Barb hands it over to Nancy, undoes the top two buttons of her pajamas again. „Ah that‘s better.“ „Barb...“ „Let‘s just at least try, okay? I bet he‘d look so cute. And remember, last time-“ „This isn‘t last time.“ Nancy deadpans. „He‘s grown. Barb, he‘s hurting more than ever. And... I don‘t know. Every time I think we‘ve fixed our relationship, things go to shit again. He becomes a little jerk again, I become annoyed with him, and the cycle goes on. Let‘s not try to chase him out of the house, okay?“ „This is going to humble him.“ Barb responds with all her confidence. „If you ask me, that‘s exactly what your brother needs right now. You can‘t help him if he doesn‘t admit he needs help.“ „Hm. Alright, but-“ Nancy peels herself out of her pajamas again, remaining in her slip. „You got one of these for me too? I was feeling more like pajamas tonight, but if you want to make him wear this...“ Another slightly larger nightgown is promptly thrown in her face by her giggling friend. „There you go. I‘m gonna have to put one on too, then.“ All in all, Nancy actually thinks this is the more comfortable alternative to anything that involves pants and shirts, especially if there are buttons. How are you supposed to sleep on your stomach wearing a button-up shirt anyways? Someone clearly didn‘t think this through. Clambering back downstairs to the living room, Nancy smooths her palm over the soft cotton of Barb‘s old gown. Men used to wear these things too, right? Granted, that was like a hundred years ago, but her point stands. „No way.“ Mike spits, just as expected. He eyes the sleepwear in his lap like it‘s some sort of torture device he is supposed to use to chastise himself. „Oh come on, we‘re wearing them too.“ Nancy groans. „Barb didn‘t have anything else that wouldn‘t immediately fall off your non-existent little ass, so there you go.“ This is a lie, obviously, as Barb has plenty of old shirts and arrays of pajama bottoms that would fit Mike‘s slim figure just fine. But Nancy has to admit, she‘d like to see him in a nightgown. „Yeah, you‘re wearing them because you‘re girls!“ Mike growls. He discards the gown on the ground next to the cough with a glare of pure contempt for it. „Ah, this is so much better.“ Barb hums when she sits down again. She completely ignores this outburst from Mike. They continue with the movie, and with their snacks and soda. Nancy ends up humming along to a few songs, and more and more she feels a bit like dancing as well, just as she did when they watched the movie in the theater, though it would probably be weird - she just doesn‘t have the moves like these actors do, and that would show embarrassingly. Maybe if Mike wasn‘t here. „Thank god for these.“ Nancy tugs on her own nightgown a little. She hasn‘t quite given up yet, finding her curiosity growing with every second she imagines her little brother in this cute piece of sleep attire. „Right, Barb? Almost feels like you‘re not wearing anything. Can‘t get any more comfy.“ „Exactly. And without the disadvantage of having to lock your bedroom door. Seriously, Nance, I have no idea why anyone would want to wear anything else at night.“ Okay, they both know that pajamas have their place and are more practical at times, but for the sake of getting a point across to Mike, Nancy agrees. „I mean, if no one sees it, there‘s no need to be embarrassed. I really pity these childish people who-“ Suddenly, forcefully, Mike‘s foot clashes with the floor. „Jeez, shut up already! Can you at least close the curtains? This is gonna be bad enough without some pervert snapping photos!“ Stifling laughter, Barb does so. It‘s for the best anyways; There are more than enough creeps out there who would enjoy a first row seat at a girls‘ sleepover. The night is dark and the house is brightly lit. Mike stomps off with the gown in hand. „I don‘t even know why I‘m doing this.“ they can hear him ranting from the downstairs bathroom. „I knew it.“ Barb whisper-giggles. „He‘s a curious kid.“ Nancy just nods. She can‘t wait to see him right now. The image in her head is absolutely adorable; And still, it‘s no match for the real thing. Mike is cute, perhaps the cutest kid Nancy has ever seen - whenever he is not being obnoxious. Which is next to impossible when wearing something like this. He slowly taps back into the living room, tomato-red face lowered to gaze at his own feet. „Happy now?“ he squeaks. „Y-Yeah.“ Nancy rasps out. Her brother‘s next to black hair falls nicely around his temples like this, and though it‘s messy, the contrast with the white gown is enchanting. As are his plump, dark lips - who would call him ‚Frog Face‘? He is a beautiful kid, only an idiot wouldn‘t see that. The square collar reveals smooth, pale skin. The thing makes Mike look about five inches smaller. Nancy just hopes he has kept his briefs on underneath... Or does she? „Come here?“ Barb offers softly. Mike, stiff as a board, sneaks over to them, drops to his knees, and then sits down on the carpet between the girls with a small thump. „I was actually gonna go to sleep.“ „Oh, nonsense.“ Nancy chides. She snakes an arm around her brother, massaging his bare shoulder with her fingers a little. „You‘ve had so much Coke and Sprite, you‘d be tossing and turning for hours. Aren‘t you and your friends infamous for staying up all night?“ No sharp rebuttal from Mike - he nods, resignation showing. „Oh, Mikey. Look at yourself.“ Barb almost whispers after a few seconds of inspecting him head-to-toe. „You‘re not taking proper care of yourself, sweetheart.“ „Huh?“ „Here.“ She gently takes one of his hands to show it to him and Nancy. Footloose is forgotten by now, though it keeps on tootling on in the background. Barb is right, his fingernails are an absolute mess. Too long, too dirty with that terrible black gunk under them, and even sporting some unhealthy white spots in places, as though he hasn‘t been eating right. No wonder; Lately, Mike often spends half an hour shoving his dinner from one side of the plate to the other. Down where the gown ends, where Mike‘s pale shins and feet stick out beneath the white cloth like stork‘s legs, the story is the same. „Your toenails too.“ Nancy points out. „Barb, I think we ought to fix that.“ „Absolutely. I‘ll be right back.“ „Nancy...“ Mike voices a very meek warning. She keeps him in place, one hand on his shoulder, the other playing with the hair at the nape of his neck. The sensation makes him shudder. „Hush. You had this coming, Mike. You had it coming and you know it. Ever heard of mens sana in corpore sano? Come on, you‘re a nerd. A healthy mind in a healthy body. Just tell us if we‘re making you uncomfortable, okay?“ Mike gawks like an idiot at all the nice things Barb brings from her room in a small basket. Arguably he doesn‘t know what half of them are, but Nancy doesn‘t plan to burden his little mind with explanations right now. Nail clippers first. Barb expertly goes to work on Mike‘s toenails, while Nancy takes a hairbrush to his unruly mop. „Seriously, do you ever do this yourself? At least you wash your hair. Probably already more than I can ask of you, huh? Barb, there‘s knots everywhere!“ A soft hum escapes her brother at the scrape of the brush on his scalp, but he squeals in surprise, blushes dark red again, and from then on keeps a palm clasped over his mouth. Having no sleeves means, though, that Nancy can see and feel the goosebumps all over his lanky arms. „Shame. Your hair is so nice, and you waste it like that. See? Already looking way better.“ Mike winces. „Ugh, I hate that!“ „So sensitive?“ Barb pouts, letting the file dance across his nails. The thing, while causing discomfort, takes away the sharp edge quite nicely. „You‘re going to get used to it. Come on, hands next.“ She then repeats the whole procedure, cutting and filing, on Mike‘s fingernails. Maybe it‘s exaggerated, but Nancy thinks this is making a new person out of her brother. Someone who isn‘t completely indifferent to his own well-being. „Now look at that. You‘re not half as disgusting anymore.“ Nancy praises. „You know, girls appreciate men who take care of themselves. These could use a little color, though.“ „W-What? No! I‘m pretty sure that‘s not what girls like! Stay away from me with that!“ Aside from his very vocal protest, Mike doesn‘t make the slightest attempt to avoid what is coming. „We‘re girls, aren‘t we?“ Barb asks him, rolling up little cotton balls to separate his toes. „And we‘d really enjoy seeing you with this... this right here. Nance?“ The polish is dark-red. One of the less subtle colors in Barb‘s collection, but anything else wouldn‘t fit. His lips are dark and full, lighter and more vibrant colors would just bite. Nancy can really imagine this on Mike, although it might be a bit drastic for a boy, so she gives a nod. To be fair, no one is forcing Mike. He could just get up, walk away, and that would be it. Which he doesn‘t do, so thanks to Barb‘s skill with the little brush, his toenails shine dark two minutes later. „You‘ve got to let it dry. Now, give me your hand.“ „Seriously, I can‘t have this on my hands. Mom and dad are gonna see. Everyone at school-“ Nancy feels forced to laugh at his slight panic. „Jesus Christ, ever heard of nail polish remover? There won‘t be a trace of this left in the morning.“ Mike gives both girls a suspicious glare, only relaxing when Barb actually shows him the remover, with the label clearly stating what it is. And so, Nancy‘s little brother ends up with unbelievably pretty fingernails as well. „I- I don‘t know about this.“ Mike says meekly upon inspection of his fingers. „Careful. Don‘t touch them yet. Hey, you look pretty with it.“ Nancy disagrees. „C‘mon, don‘t tell me you don‘t like the look of it.“ Pretty is perhaps too shallow of a word to describe this level of cute. Barb looks at him with all her adoration, admiring how well her work suits him. „Ooh, Nancy, look at that.“ she snickers. Pushing up the nightgown a few inches, Barb reveals more of his shins. „Your little brother is becoming a man.“ Her fingertips graze across his skin and the soft fuzz there that has long begun to darken. Nancy didn‘t really pay attention to this in the summer when he was wearing shorts every day. „Aw, that‘s cute.“ she coos, much to Mike‘s embarrassment. „You know, you‘re lucky, little brother. Men will never understand what we have to go through to make our legs look like this.“ She shows him her own, perfectly smooth shin. „I think knowing would really make you appreciate women more.“ „Your sister is right.“ Barb nods with a bit of mischief. She searches through her basket again. „Do you know what this is?“ The little jar looks inconspicuous. One could mistake it for honey. Mike gulps, though, as he must have some suspicion. „Isn‘t this, like, a thing for... I don‘t know.“ Oh, he does know. „Doesn‘t make you queer to try it. Just a tiny patch so you get an idea of what girls do to impress you.“ Out of the corner of her eye, Nancy observes her best friend fill the wax warmer. Oh god, they are actually doing this, aren‘t they? Well, they‘ll have to see just how far Mike is really willing to go. „Does it hurt?“ he asks meekly, obviously seeking comfort. „It‘s something you have to get used to. Just wait and see for yourself.“ For the little while it takes for the wax to heat up, Nancy pays faint attention to the movie again. Still, she is more focused on Mike. The way he looks now, the way his behavior has gone from ‚screw you‘ to ‚hug me please‘. She keeps her arms around him, lets him rest his head on her shoulder, and that way he doesn‘t even make a sound when Barb applies just a small drop of hot wax to his leg and presses the strip into it. „S‘hot.“ he squeals after a few seconds. „Obviously.“ Barb shrugs. „Now we just wait for a bit and- ready?“ „N-No. Just do it.“ When the strip is ripped from his leg, Mike jolts, hisses, and further leans into Nancy‘s embrace. But he is tense only for a couple of seconds, before becoming pliant in her arms again. „Was that so bad?“ Nancy can hear her brother‘s mind rattling with thought as he reaches for the now bald spot on his leg, touches the sensitive skin with one finger. „Does it feel nice?“ Barb inquires knowingly. And Mike actually nods, even if it‘s just once. „Know what feels best? When you get both your legs done top to bottom and then lie down in fresh bed sheets.“ She passes the little wooden spatula from one hand to the other. Mike shivers a bit, nods into the crook of Nancy‘s neck. And so Barb continues what she was doing. More wax, more strips, more yelps from Mike, who becomes more and more composed with each time the sound of tiny hairs being ripped out tears through the living room. He can be as much of a needy child as he can be a gremlin. And right now, Mike is needy. He sheds a few salty droplets - Nancy keeps scratching the nape of his neck gently. If Steve were to shave or wax his legs, she‘d laugh. With Mike, Nancy just marvels. Strip after strip, up to his thighs, what little hair he has comes off. Barb only stops at his white briefs. Mike notices this. His hands suddenly clasp over his crotch in defense. „Seriously.“ he wheezes. „We‘ve got to shower after gym class now. You can‘t-“ His words make Nancy as excited as she is compassionate now. Oh, the pressure that puberty brings. You absolutely can not be the last one in class to grow hair down there. Last time Nancy saw her brother, he didn‘t have any. She wonders what he looks like now. „Mikey...“ Barb laughs. „Don‘t worry about that. You‘d pass out from the pain. Nance, help me with the lotion?“ The skin on Mike‘s legs is pink now, the cool, soothing lotion sorely needed. Nancy‘s insides flare obscenely the second the gets to feel just how smooth he‘s become. Up and down her hands wander, from his ankle, past his knee, up his scrawny white thigh. Back down on the backside, where there is a little more flesh to sink her fingers into. „What?“ Nancy asks upon hearing an amused huff from her best friend. „Building a tent now, are we, sweetie?“ Oh. It‘s not unexpected, really. Neither is it unwanted. Part of Nancy has been looking forward to this for days, and she knows that deep down, Mike has done the same. He can say whatever he wants, the outcome of this night was known to him from the beginning, and he could have done more to stop it. Now they are here, Mike in a cute nightgown that has been pushed up all the way to his belly, nails painted dark, legs waxed to perfection, his cheeks flush with the remnants of pain and embarrassment, his dick poking hard against his underwear. Nancy wants to see him. „Enough with that.“ she says harshly, reaching for the remote to finally shut up that annoying TV. Mike deserves her undivided attention, and she wants to hear him, too. Every little noise he makes, call her perverted, or sue her. „Hey, Mike?“ „Y-Yeah?“ „Last time just happened, y‘know.“ „I know.“ Leaning against the couch, hands holding the nightgown up, Mike blinks at Nancy. „If we had asked, would you have said yes?“ „I- Jeez.“ Mike utters. „I don‘t know.“ Barb comes a little closer, brings a hand up to his cheek. She takes the words right out of Nancy‘s mouth. „And if we were to ask now? What would you say?“ There is no pressure. A tense silence perhaps, but Nancy tries to make her brother understand without words that there will be no judgment in this house tonight, whatever he says. She walks two fingers up and down his thigh. „Yes...“ he whispers, finally. Barb slides her fingers underneath his waistband. Three breaths simultaneously catching in three throats. Eyes closed, Mike‘s red face turns even darker. „You‘ve grown so much.“ Barb marvels. That, he has. Every part of him has grown. Where last year, between his legs, they found a little naked mole, they are now faced with some serious heft. With dark curls, not a lot of them, but they form a dense ring around the base of his cock, that is already standing at attention. Darker, with more girth than before, it still doesn‘t look menacing like, say, Steve‘s did the first time Nancy saw it. It‘s not something that would hurt a girl. Right now Mike has got a good inch more on him than a year ago. His balls, tiny little marbles back then, have become plump and fuzzy. Nancy cups them carefully, and she can literally feel them tighten under her touch. She never gets to do this with Steve; He either wants a blowjob, or a quickie, so no time for Nancy to really explore him. But Mike, he would never demand anything. Nancy‘s finger lazily glides up his shaft. Reaching the underside of his head, this draws a little shriek from him. Next to her, Barb sheds her own nightgown. Until now, Mike‘s hands have been reaching into nothing, but when Barb lies on her side next to him, they find her boobs as though on autopilot, even though his eyes are still closed. That spot Nancy just found really gets Mike going, so she begins circling her thumb across it. Being the sensitive kid he is, after a mere five seconds, Mike is already rutting into the touch, whining a pathetic stream of „Pleasepleasepleaseplease...“ „It‘s not enough, is it?“ Nancy teases, enjoying being the one in control of a boy for once. „I know, but it‘s gonna be worth it.“ „The longer you take, the better it feels in the end.“ Barb agrees. „Be patient. Don‘t you like to draw it out sometimes?“ „Good question.“ Nancy‘s interest is immediately sparked. „How do you get yourself off, little brother?“ „I- I-“ Mike stammers, dark red face hidden behind his hands. Nancy stops her ministrations to slip out of her clothes as well. „I like teasing myself a little. Like, get myself wet before the fun really starts.“ Oh wonder, she has already soaked through her panties, so these need to go. „It doesn‘t feel like much at all if I go right for the sweet spots, y‘know. But I guess you guys have it easier. You just get hard and get it over with, right?“ „No...“ Mike whispers. „That‘s-“ „Boring?“ Barb giggles. When Nancy goes back to fondling his dick, she does the same to his balls. „How do you make it less boring?“ Mike needs time to collect himself. Hell, Nancy would find it difficult to talk about these things if the roles were reversed. „I like to- ah- touch, like, everything, I guess. Everything.“ „Everything...“ Nancy pouts. „That‘s a bit vague. So, your balls?“ A frantic nod. Just saying the words is probably beyond him, no matter how many times Nancy tells him he doesn‘t need to be ashamed. „Good. Keep going, Barb. And what about your little nipples? I know I like to touch my nipples. They get really sensitive when I‘m horny.“ „Y-Yeah.“ Mike squeaks. „Let‘s see.“ Nancy muses. With her free hand, she reaches under the shoved-up nightgown, finds one of her brother‘s pebbled nipples, and starts lightly twisting in between her fingertips. The response is immediate, and loud. „Looks like you really do like that. I‘m curious. Do you do it every day? Steve says guys need to let it out at least once every day, but maybe he‘s just using me.“ „O-On... hah... on most days, yeah.“ Mike all but cries. „Sometimes even two, or three times, I bet.“ Barb croons at him. She presses a slow, long kiss to his lips before he even gets a chance to die of shame. „You probably can‘t control that too well. That‘s okay, really.“ Nancy nods. „It is, Mikey. Now...“ She gives a firm squeeze to the base of his cock, clasps her thumb and index finger into a ring, to very slowly start stroking. A few seconds up, a few seconds down. Her hand is soon slick with his precum, something that wasn‘t there just a year ago. „...you don‘t have to answer, but I‘d really like to know. Have you ever done it with someone else? Like, a friend of yours?“ She really only asks him this because Nancy is eager to find out if her and Barb watching each other, sometimes even touching each other, is somehow abnormal, or if others do the same from time to time. Surely, it doesn‘t make her a lesbian, right? She is still with Steve, after all. She looks at men‘s asses when they pass her in the streets. „Y-You have?“ Mike nods, but this time, he actually lets out a sob that holds more than just pleasure. „Don‘t tell anyone! Don‘t! Please, Nancy!“ „Hey, hey, relax.“ Barb shuts him up with another kiss. „Nothing about this will leave this house, we promise. Do you want to tell us who it is?“ There is a feeling in the back of Nancy‘s mind that tells her she isn‘t going to be surprised. There can only be one. „Will...“ comes the whisper from Mike. „But I just wanted to show him how it‘s done, I swear. Don‘t tell anyone.“ „Oh, but Barb and I, we‘ve touched each other before.“ Nancy tells her brother. „So there you go. If we tell anyone, you can tell on us. An eye for an eye. Now, where were we?“ As though she doesn‘t know... Barb got to suck Mike off last year, and ever since then, Nancy has been wondering what that must be like. She is definitely not passing up on another chance. She gives a kittenish lick to the head first, but her experience with this quickly takes over. Mike is still small, sure, but she gagging sensation does set in when he hits the back of her throat with a cry that is swallowed by Barb. Nancy uses all her newly acquired skill, suckling, swallowing around him, like the slut she is. Being thirteen, having been teased for a good seven minutes, Mike doesn‘t last long. His initial cry never exactly ends, it just blends into another one, and another one, interrupted by shallow breaths. He pulses on Nancy‘s tongue, and his release is far from dry. Thinner, less gooey than what Nancy is used to, but the taste is the same. She never had a problem swallowing. His bursting little dick falls against his stomach with a wet slap when Nancy pulls off, and in a display of how far gone he is, Mike continues to roll his hips against nothing but air for a second or two. Not even half-serious, Barb scowls at him. „You‘re lacking self-control, cutie.“ For the past minute or two, she has been circling her hand on herself as well, unlike Nancy, who really did have other things on her mind than her own pleasure. And even now, she can‘t care too much for herself. Mike‘s narrow chest heaves cutely in a fit of almost-hyperventilation, but he comes down from it in due time. „And you?“ is the first thing he says. „What do you mean?“ „You need... y‘know... you need it too, don‘t you? I wanna help.“ Wow... Wow... If Nancy had a dollar for every time Steve said that to her, well, she wouldn‘t be one cent richer. And now her brother, whose mind must still be incoherent and abuzz with post-orgasmic heat, volunteers to get her off. „You really want to?“ „Yeah, both of you.“ Mike says. His voice is firmer now, less insecure and desperate. „I just, I guess I don‘t know how.“ He inches forward from the couch, the nightgown falls back over his otherwise naked figure. But after that, his gaze only makes him look inconclusive. This must be sensory overload for him, having two girls naked and dripping wet to either side. „Go ahead.“ Barb supplies with a smirk in Nancy‘s direction. „Do your sister first. If you learn something new, you can put it to good use on me.“ „That‘s generous.“ Nancy sneers. „Okay, Mikey. I‘ll try not to make this weird, but I‘m gonna have to run you through it.“ Like an alert puppy, Mike angles his head. „Can I... touch?“ „I mean, that‘s what this is about.“ Mike reaches out, but just an inch away from her, he stalls, wiggling his fingers. He is probably wondering how many he should use, as though that would matter. Nancy snickers. „You don‘t just stick them in. Here, I‘m gonna show you.“ She takes his hand, directs it in a way that has his fingertips just slightly running down her wet folds. „Uh, warm.“ Mike notes pointlessly. When Nancy lets go of his hand, he continues the motion she introduced him to on his own. It feels good. Not what she would call great, except when he hits spots that he can‘t possibly know about on accident. „Right here...“ Nancy opens herself up to expose her clit. „...that‘s a sensitive spot. I‘m pretty wet, so it‘s okay to touch. You could- ahh...“ Electricity jolts through her lower half, just within inches of being too much. Startled, Mike pulls his hand back from there. „S-Sorry.“ he breathes. „Do that again.“ Nancy groans. „Please. It‘s okay, I promise.“ „Then what if I, I don‘t know. Can I-“ „Just do something!“ There are a lot of things he could do, but the last Nancy expects it him sliding two fingers into her. She should probably control herself better, but she just can‘t help it. Her head falls back with a low moan, especially at the sensation of Mike‘s probing thumb rubbing circles on her center of pleasure. This is a new sensation for Nancy; No one has ever touched her like this. Having her brother be the first one isn‘t half as sick as is should be, and being watched by her best friend just adds to the thrill of it. „What-“ Nancy mumbles, eyes closed. The sensation is gone all of a sudden, and her cunt immediately begins screaming for attention again. „Don‘t stop.“ But Mike, curious as he can be, brings up his glistering fingers right in front of his eyes. He scrutinizes the wetness as much as he frowns at the nail polish, that still must look so foreign to him. Then, he just licks them. For crying out loud, he licks it all of. And Mike just nods. „Okay.“ „Okay what?“ Nancy wheezes. Is this revenge for her teasing? If so, she supposes she deserves it. But no, Mike just flops down to his stomach. Leaving Nancy no time to prepare, he licks a stripe across her aching pussy. „Oh god. Don‘t stop. Don‘t-“ He spreads her open with his fingers, plunges his tongue deeper inside. Touching herself comes nowhere close to this sensation. Being the center of attention, having someone make everything about her, it would make Nancy cry if she wasn‘t writhing with bliss. Mike hums into her; He seems to be actually enjoying this, much like Nancy enjoyed having him in her mouth. The sight is something else, too. A mop of freshly brushed black hair moving up and down and sideways between her legs, erratically trying to get to every inch of her and succeeding. Nancy explodes. No orgasm of her life so far compares to this. Not the ones she gave herself, certainly not the ones that just happened on accident during sex. Because that‘s all they were - nice little accidents, insignificant to the man. At this point, she wonders if she even wants a man. If a boy would be better. Mike would be better. He laps at her through every second of it, trapped there by her trembling, convulsing thighs. His fingers grip into her ass, and he only presses further into her. It gets too much very quickly, so much that Nancy has to push her brother off. The hair around his temples is tousled now, his cheeks as flush as ever, but his face up to his little button nose is glistering wet. Staring up at her through a haze, jaw hanging agape, he blinks. „You okay?“ „Give me... give me a second.“ The second passes. Then another, and another, until Nancy feels like she can see clearly again. See two faces trained on her, Mike looking a mix between exhilarated and scared, Barb being entirely smug. „Wow.“ she whispers. „Uh, wow?“ Nancy props herself up against the couch a bit further, as she must have slid down during the ordeal. „You can say that again. You‘re so good at this, Mikey. How?“ Her little brother flashes a humbled smirk. „Dunno.“ he mumbles. „Am I really?“ „You‘re gonna make someone really happy with this someday. Do you really want to tell me you‘ve never done it before?“ „Oh come on, who would he have done it with?“ Barb throws in. „Me? I mean, not yet.“ „Wow, that was smooth. What do you say, little brother? Want to help Barb now?“ „Or we can just go to sleep.“ Barb says to take the pressure off. „You look tired.“ Mike rolls over, and just that reveals to Nancy that he is absolutely not going to sleep now. The light gown hanging loosely around his form does nothing to conceal his erection. Refractory period must still be a foreign concept to him. „But I w-want to.“ „I can see that. Will you let me try something?“ Barb asks Mike as if he could actually say no at this point. She tugs on the piece of cloth covering him, and he gets the hint, finally pulling it off of himself entirely. Nancy can just lean back to enjoy the sight of him. Hard, angry red and maybe a bit sore, his cock stands up as hard as before. Mike is radiating heat that Nancy feels from four feet away. Barb moves towards him like a predator, straddles him, and his little adam‘s apple bobs nervously. She takes Mike‘s cock in her hand, pointing it right at the patch of flaming red hair between her legs. Do it, Nancy thinks. This is so fucking hot, do it! Mike nods, and upon his confirmation, Barb sinks down on him. The strangled cry he rasps out rings out in the empty house. Barb doesn‘t wince; He is too small to hurt. But not too small to feel good inside of her, obviously. Maybe she still needs a bit more, maybe she just wants more - either way, upon starting to bob up and down slowly, Barb whispers to him. „Touch me, sweetie. Come on.“ That is all Mike needs to spring into action. Passive before, he now leans forward, puts his arms around her. His lips clasp around a dark nipple. Already puffy from pleasing Nancy, they now begin to suckle. His fingers find the place where they are now joined. „He- oh jeez- ahh- he really is good at this!“ Barb cries out. „Holy shit. Ahh!“ As much fun as it is, Nancy can‘t just sit there and watch. Instead, she drapes her arms around both of them, not for a second wondering if this might be weird. She can feel them moving like this, can hear the slap every time Barb‘s full ass clashes with his pale, bony thighs. She can feel their combined body heat, smell the arousal hanging between the two. Their skin is damp now, just as their hair, messy, and they couldn‘t care less. Being so close, Nancy hears every little whimper, picks up Mike‘s every muffled cry against her best friend‘s tits. Nancy holds her brother and her friend through their release, neither of them holding back their obscene noises. Barb rocks back and forth on Mike, he moves against her in turn as far as his position allows. They stiffen, Barb first, then Mike, and lose their rhythm to more erratic, orgasmic movement. Silence, save for heaving breaths, falls over the house.  
  „Mike? Hey, Mike.“ „Yeah?“ He stretches his body between Nancy and Barb, all of them now leaning against the couch again. To Nancy, late night TV has a soothing quality; The room is dark with only the gleaming screen casting light on three sweaty, naked bodies. His eyes look wetly at her. „You‘ve lost someone.“ „I... yeah.“ Under Nancy‘s palm, her brother‘s heartbeat takes up speed. „But that‘s not all. I mean, for a while I thought it was, in the beginning. Do you want to tell me what else it is?“ Mike breaks eye contact. Helplessly, he looks at Barb. „She saved my life, you know. And yours and your friend‘s too. I think you owe it to her to at least try. What is it that you don‘t tell your sister?“ To him it must be like being stuck between a rock and a hard place, with no one there to support his secrecy and the wall he has built around himself. „Nancy, I really... don‘t want to-“ „Mike.“ she sighs. „Since last November, how many times did you get the paddle at school? And how many times did they call home just so you could get it even worse from dad?“ A rhetorical question, because Nancy knows exactly that it‘s been six times so far; All she wonders is why they just keep doing the same thing over and over again, expecting things to change. Isn‘t that the definition of madness? „Mom and dad don‘t understand.“ Mike grumbles, which is undoubtedly true. „The principal doesn‘t understand. The teachers don‘t understand, I don‘t think anyone does!“ Nancy can only shake her head at his lack of thought. He is such a smart kid, but once can be intelligent and dense at the same time. Mike and that head of his... „If you want to complain about people not understanding, you might want to try and make them.“ „And what if I don‘t understand it myself?“ Now, this Nancy hasn‘t considered. She at least believes to know herself pretty well, but maybe it‘s just her. Maybe it‘s because she tends to overthink. Just because she is good at denying feelings doesn‘t mean she can‘t recognize them. While she still processes all of that, trying to find an answer that‘s more than just a hollow shell of a phrase, Barb has already got it. „Sweetie, there are people who can help you. People whose job it is. You know, I‘ve been seeing a doctor since last year. Just like Will.“ „I could help you find someone like that.“ Nancy says gently. „Mom and dad wouldn‘t say no.“ „They wouldn‘t care.“ Mike snaps. „Do this, do that, stop this, stop that. W-Why... why do they ever ask me how I am? They‘d say to get their quiet life back, but I‘m not. I‘m not getting anything back, Nancy.“ There is a thick clog in Nancy‘s throat, growing at the rate at which Mike‘s voice is cracking and shattering into a million pieces. „They love you. Mike, I think, I mean, I guess... maybe it‘s because you‘re sort of in the middle. Holly is so small and needs so much attention. And I‘m all about college applications now, and I‘m gonna move out eventually, so mom wants to have as much of me as she can. I‘m sorry it‘s because of me, but you‘re sort of stuck in between, aren‘t you? With dad thinking you‘re old enough to keep yourself busy and mom thinking she‘s got so much time left, they-“ „They only ever notice you when you‘re acting up.“ Barb says. „Did you know I‘m jealous sometimes? My parents think it‘s too late to have more kids. You‘ve got each other. Even if your parents don‘t have the time or the energy.“ „Yeah right.“ Mike snorts, wiping at his eyes. „Then what happened to no more lies?“ „Well, that‘s mutual.“ Nancy sighs. „If you‘re being serious, let me just ask you again. Do you like Eleven?“ She almost asked him ‚did you like Eleven‘, but luckily managed to turn it around in time. „Y-Yes.“ Mike breathes. Of course, he just has to ask „And you? Do you like Jonathan?“ „I do.“ Really, recognizing and denying are two things. Getting it out there feels so surreal. Maybe it‘s her upbringing, but Nancy always thought the girl shouldn‘t be the one to break up. ‚Someday, you‘re going to meet a nice man who can offer you a good life. And when you do, don‘t let him go.‘ her mom told her once when she was a little girl. Should she really live by this? Or should she make the cut that would sever Steve Harrington from her? Maybe that‘s a matter for another day. „S-So... is this it?“ Mike asked. „Have we fixed our relationship.“ „If it was that easy, things wouldn‘t have gone to shit again after last year. Doesn‘t mean I don‘t love you.“ „Jeez, I know.“ „So you believe me when I tell you mom and dad love you too?“ „I... I guess?“ „Then we‘ll talk to them, okay? Or just to mom if you‘re more comfortable with that. We‘ll tell her that there‘s things going on you can‘t handle on your own, and that you need someone to help you.“ Because as much as Nancy would like to be the one to save the day within the hour, that‘s just a naive idea. It doesn‘t work that way outside of fairytales. People need time to heal. But if Nancy can keep him going until then, that‘s good enough. „Now come here.“ She lets her brother cuddle against her side, something he desperately needs. He ends up almost squished between Nancy and Barb, and god, Nancy has missed this. Last year, the two or three weeks following their little sleepover, she spend half an hour before bed wanting to have these two with her again. Does Mike get any hugs these days? Any skin contact, something everyone needs at some point? „You know, I don‘t lock my room at night. If you ever, like, feel lonely... I‘m there. We‘re both there for you, whenever we can, right, Barb?“ „Absolutely.“ Barb yawns. „If you don‘t smell like an ashtray, Mikey.“ Mike groans indignantly. „Oh, come on. You told her?“




Afterword


End Notes
Let me know if this got you off. :)


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



