



All The Little Lights - kookgnuj - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

All The Little Lights
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/3968440.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jeongguk | Jungkook/Kim Taehyung | V
Character:
Jeon Jeongguk | Jungkook, Kim Taehyung | V, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Seokjin | Jin
Additional Tags:
Apocalypse, Alternate Universe - Apocalypse, Zombie Apocalypse, Alternate Universe - Zombie Apocalypse, Zombies, Sexual Content, Rape/Non-con Elements, Minor Violence
Stats:

        Published: 2015-05-19
        Words: 6402
      

All The Little Lights
by kookgnuj
Summary
Taehyung was not a tough or clever boy. He was almost always one of the last to finish every event that his physical education class was assigned to do. He scraped through his classes with C's and C-'s. He was sweet and kind, though, which was a different kind of strength. He connected with people and knew what to do to make others feel okay because he'd always had a way with people. Sweet and kind people don't matter anymore, though. In a world where the dead hunt the living and the living turn on each other, sweet and kind people are the first to go. The ones who are tough and clever are the ones who carry on.
Notes

          See the end of the work for  notes




All The Little Lights

Taehyung was not a tough or clever boy. He was almost always one of the last to finish every event that his physical education class was assigned to do. He scraped through his classes with C's and C-'s. He was sweet and kind, though, which was a different kind of strength. He connected with people and knew what to do to make others feel okay because he'd always had a way with people. Sweet and kind people don't matter anymore, though. In a world where the dead hunt the living and the living turn on each other, sweet and kind people are the first to go. The ones who are tough and clever are the ones who carry on.
The first time Taehyung saw a biter, he was walking home from school just as summer was beginning. He had earbuds shoved so far into his ears that he was vaguely worried about how close the loud music was to his eardrums. He had felt the presence of someone lumbering towards him and had ducked to the side in surprise as a very rugged looking man, presumably homeless, toppled towards him. Instead of pouncing on Taehyung, the transient or drunk person or whatever he was toppled to the ground with a garbled groan. Taehyung didn't hesitate to make a quick retreat, letting out a quiet yelp as the man feebly attempted to grab at his ankle as he fled. He jogged away, a little disturbed, glancing behind himself once to see the man struggling to get back upright. The second time the boy of seventeen saw a biter, it was on top of his mother's corpse four hours after the initial meeting with the strange man. He'd heard a commotion and a scream from his kitchen before sprinting down the stairs to see something that scarred his eyes and that burned a hole in his chest. The third biter he saw was his mother herself.
It happened so fast that it's as if he blinked and the whole world fell apart like a kicked sandcastle by the time he opened his eyes again. Friends and relatives all met the same fate. After his mother and stepfather were murdered, he ran outside for help to see the world in chaos. It was immediately clear that this was a crisis of an irreversible level. Taehyung didn't know what to do.
What he ended up doing was hiding in his childhood treehouse. The image of a pitiful, crying seventeen year old boy collapsed on himself in a treehouse decorated with his own crude Sharpie drawings from a decade earlier is somewhat pathetic, but he heard the screams and cries for help coming from the streets and hated himself more and more with each call that he didn't answer, each shout he didn't run to aid.
Taehyung was not a tough or clever boy. This world is a place for tough and clever people.•     Jeongguk kicks over a chair and groans loudly in frustration as he comes up empty in terms of supplies after the laborious work of clearing an infested house to raid it. They were in a small, somewhat intact neighborhood just skirting the outside of the Gyeonggi-do province. It wasn't the safest place to be, but it'd do for now. Cities are the most dangerous areas to go nowadays despite the tempting stock of supplies that a larger city would offer. Jeongguk and his group have meager at best supplies left in their inventory. By inventory, they mean the back of their van. A can of beans, several old packets of ramen, and a few gallons of distilled water will only last a guy, let alone a skimpy pack of guys trying to survive all while sharing one food supply, so long.
"Shut up before you draw attention, you whiny bitch," Yoongi hisses as he shaves the end of a twisted, knotted branch into a point with the knife he religiously keeps at his hip. He was currently sitting on an almost broken red cooler, his left leg resting on a cushioned chair. Jeongguk mutters a few sour words under his breath before pulling the chair he'd toppled over back upright and plopping down in it in a disgruntled fashion. Yoongi rolls his eyes before returning to his original task, muttering something about Jungkook being a child even after nearly a year of surviving out in this dangerous world. There was no real malice between them, that's just how Yoongi and him acted towards each other, almost like squabbling brothers.
"We got a scratcher at the back door, but he's quiet and weak I think," Namjoon says as he strolls out from the kitchen sans a shirt. "Anyone else got clothes to wash? We got enough rain water collected and there was even some laundry soap in the back room. Speak now or forever hold your peace," he says in a warning tone, raising his eyebrows at Jeongguk and Yoongi.
Jeongguk shrugs noncommittally before rummaging through his backpack for his extra change of clothes. They'd been lucky a week or two back to have stumbled across some extra clothing in a suitcase that had been hastily dropped in what looked like a chase. Jeongguk always had fleeting feelings of guilt as he picked through the belongings of people who are more than likely far past dead, but guilt gets you killed if you get caught up on it. He threw a shirt and jeans and boxers in Namjoon's vague direction before leaning back and closing his eyes to pretend to sleep.
"We're gonna run out of food tonight," Namjoon calls as he returns to the kitchen sink where he's cleaning the clothing. “There was a gas station convenience store nearby.”
"I'll go scouting and raid some nearby places. It’s almost light outside and there’s a few untouched looking houses nearby, too," Jeongguk says in monotone. He's always the main scouter out of the three of them because he's fast and good at avoiding getting caught in dangerous situations. His brain is good at recording nearby escape patterns and his body is quiet as he runs.
"I'll come," Yoongi echoes Jeongguk's statement.
"No," Namjoon and Jeongguk say in unison.
"My ankle is fine, you assholes," Yoongi snaps, glaring daggers up at the two boys. He'd twisted it minorly, not spraining or breaking it, earlier that day when the boys had had to jump from a somewhat high window as a few biters crowded them into a second story bedroom. Jeongguk listens to Namjoon and Yoongi bicker back and forth about scouting until Yoongi finally relents with hissed complaints and a deep frown.
Jeongguk and Namjoon instruct Yoongi to hold down the fort as the slip out of the front door.•    The apocalypse happened nearly a year ago exactly, but Taehyung doesn’t know that. There are very few people left in the world who know the time or date. A year is a long time for someone to stay alive in this kind of world, this broken and rotting planet. However, his cowardice and general hesitation to go near anyone or anything serves him well most times. He’s too afraid to exit from wherever he’s hiding most times, so he generally stays away from most danger. His fear is keeping him alive.
The hunger is coming for him as much or more than the biters are, though.
Several times, Taehyung has begged a little bit of food off of friendly looking passersby, but the number of living people is dwindling and most of the remaining ones are cruel and murderous to keep themselves alive. Taehyung is in pain all the time now and his senses are growing duller. He’s starving to death and he has almost no strength. He sometimes ventures into stores and houses to search for food, but rarely can he find a place that hasn’t either been broken into and inhabited densely by the biters or one that isn’t already stripped of any supplies it might have had. He’s growing desperate.
Finally, on a stingingly cold dawn in mid-autumn, Taehyung knows that he has to go searching for sustenance or he’d die. If not that day, he’d die the next or the one after that. He crawls down from the roof he’d slept on the night before carefully, worried about slipping and hurting himself on the way down due to his lack of strength. He feels safer, and is legitimately safer, in higher places like roofs or trees or another place of the like.
He’s in a suburban neighborhood and he thinks he may be somewhere in the Gyeonggi-do area that surrounds Seoul, but he doesn’t know his exact location. He just drifts from place to place aimlessly, almost like a biter. He stumbles ungracefully down the neighborhood street which probably makes him look like the dead from far off which isn’t the worst thing as it helps to not draw attention from the real ones. He needs to find either food or people, which are both extremely scarce. He wanders for hours, the cold seeping deep into his bones and wrapping around his muscles, making him more clumsy. He doesn’t want to die, but he could feel himself fading. Staying as far as possible from any creature he sees, he continued to drift in search of anything, anyone, but he felt very little hope inside his chest.
“And what’s this?” a low voice drawls behind him. Taehyung whips around to come face to face with a man nearly half a foot taller than himself, one who looks much more threatening than than the shaggy-haired eighteen year old in front of him. Taehyung had no clue how long this man has been following him or if he has been following him at all, but he gets a horrible feeling from the guy. The man has a predatory look in his eye and must be at least twenty five or thirty and Taehyung immediately knows that he’s made a mistake. He doesn’t want to die.
“H-Hi,” Taehyung get out from his tight, dehydrated throat. He’s taken aback for a moment because he hasn’t heard his own voice in weeks because for weeks he hasn’t had anyone to speak to or any words to say. He swallows thickly. “I’m just searching because I was just hu-hungry and I was looking for people and-”
The man hums and cuts of Taehyung’s rambling. “We have food, little one,” he says. Taehyung must make a face at the belittling nickname because the man glares at him for a short moment before continuing. “And people, too. Come back with me for a short while.” Taehyung doesn’t answer, he just gets dragged in the direction of the man’s choosing. He’s not a stupid kid, he knows that this man will hurt him if not kill him.
“Wait,” Taehyung tries weakly, “I-I’m sorry, I don’t need help. Please let go, I’m fine.”
Taehyung's words are ignored and even as he struggles against the man’s grip on his arm, he is towed away helplessly like a weak damsel. He doesn’t fight back too hard, either, because the pistol hanging at the man’s hip is so very terrifying to Taehyung. He doesn’t want to die.
There is a small camp set up in a convenience store a few miles away and he is dragged roughly toward it. The glass door and windows are boarded up, but there are two people, both threatening looking men like the one pulling Taehyung along, guarding the front who are armed with guns that Taehyung had only seen the likes of in action movies.
The guards step forward in interest. “What’s this?” one asks, in a fashion not sounding unlike the first words Taehyung heard from his captor. The man explains where he found him and what he was searching for and the guard gets that same predatory look that swims in the eye of his capturer and the young boy knows that he has to get out of there. He makes a snap decision and knees the man holding him in the approximate area of his groin as hard as he can gather the strength to and takes the opportunity when the man’s grip loosens on his forearm. However, as Taehyung starts to run, he feels gravel explode right next to him as that same guard aims at the ground directly to the left of his feet and pulls the trigger, the bullet making contact with the ground mere inches away from Taehyung, and the boy lets out a shriek and falls to his knees on the ground, covering his head instinctually. Two of the three men laugh and the first one, now frothing and angry, hauls Taehyung up from the cement by his hair. The boy was crying now, although quietly, and this pleases the taller man visibly.
Taehyung gets shoved against the outside glass wall of the convenience store by the collar of his shirt and the two guards move closer to watch in amusement. Taehyung expects pain, a gunshot or a knife wound or something, but he feels a rough hand cup the front of his dirty jeans and hears a sickening, hoarse laugh and his eyes fly open with renewed fear. He wanted anything besides this, he didn’t want them to violate him and take his dignity like this. He’d rather die.
He kicks at the man with a new vigor, but he’s still firmly held down and makes no progress. “Pl-please, no,” he sobs as the man fumbles with getting off Taehyung’s pants. “Anything else, please, n-no!” Taehyung is aware that his cries will eventually attract the three biters loitering just in sight of the store, but he doesn’t pay that any mind.
“Th-this isn’t right!” the other guard, who had remained quiet and wide eyed throughout this whole ordeal, burst out. Everyone turns to look at him in surprise.
“Shut the fuck up, Hoseok,” the large man snaps. The boy, apparently called by Hoseok, cowered. He was significantly younger than his cohorts and looked far more naive. “We told you that if you questioned what we did and how we ran our camp, you’d be really fucking sorry, didn’t we?”
The boy swallowed slowly. “But you didn’t tell me you’d do something like this,” he whispers weakly, motioning at Taehyung’s trembling body. The other guard begins to beat Hoseok and the older man once again starts to work again at forcing Taehyung out of his pants. Just as the man curls his fingers into Taehyung’s boxers and as the latter's small body lets out a ragged sob, two quick and deafeningly loud gunshots rang through the air and the two aggressors fell to the ground like a few bags of bricks, leaving Hoseok and the partially undressed boy confused and looking around in fear.
Two figures rose from behind a dumpster by the corner of the store, each armed with a small gun, one tall and bearing grown out bleached hair and the other with a lithe frame, light skin, and dark hair and eyes. Hoseok immediately drops his weapon and Taehyung’s shaking hands go in the air to show that he was harmless. He hears questions being asked of himself and Hoseok and can’t quite make out what’s being said or what Hoseok offers as an answer because his senses are smudging and blurring out as he faints out of hunger and fatigue, falling to the ground with a thud.•     Jeongguk watches the chest of the unconscious boy rise and fall under the soft, flickering light of a candle as he rests on the couch Namjoon and himself had placed him on. The other kid, who’d introduced himself as Hoseok, also watched nervously and was continuously trying to force the sleeping boy to swallow some water. Namjoon and Jeongguk had been watching for a short while from the sidelines, long enough to see the small boy’s entrance of being dragged towards the storefront. Both men were disgusted by what was happening to the boy so, even though they have a rule to generally stay out of other groups’ business and injustices, they cleaned up the situation themselves from their vantage point behind a large metal garbage bin. The victimized boy had promptly fainted.
Yoongi and Namjoon entered the living room and were chatting about what had happened and openly discussing whether or not to allow the two boys to stay with them, despite Hoseok’s presence.
“We can’t trust anyone,” Yoongi hisses, picking at the blade of his knife. “Even though they look harmless and they’re, like, sixteen, we just can’t.” Hoseok mumbles quietly that he’s in fact eighteen, but Yoongi either doesn’t hear or pretends that he doesn’t. “When he wakes up, they have to go.”
Namjoon scoffs. “You’re cold and a bad judge of character, so I’m not listening. Also, I’m this group’s leader and I say that they need help. The fainting one looks like he hasn’t eaten in days or longer and Hoseok is able-bodied and willing to help, plus he can shoot. Right, kid?” he asks Hoseok directly, who nods quickly. “See? Don’t be such a harsh guy. I can tell when someone can’t be trusted. These kids are fine.”
Yoongi huffs and turns on his heel to return to the kitchen and Namjoon sighs. Just then, the unconscious boy on the couch stirs and everyone’s attention is pulled to him as his eyes flutter open. Jeongguk doesn’t want to think that he’s a pretty boy because those thoughts aren’t survival based, but the thin boy really is. Especially when his round eyes meet Jeongguk’s own with confusion and glazed with the remnants of sleep.
“Good morning,” Namjoon says in a calm way. The kid blinks up at the eldest boy and sits up slowly, his joints cracking. “You’re safe here. My name is Namjoon and that’s Jeongguk. Yoongi’s the angry one in the kitchen. He’s always angry,” he introduces, motioning towards Jeongguk’s current position curled up in an armchair across the living room from the waking boy.
Jeongguk looks up to Namjoon more than anyone else in his life, before or after the world went to shit. He’s so kind in an understated kind of way, keeping up a strong exterior and a level head while still knowing just how to make this fucked up world a little bit better for everyone around him. He was a natural leader and Jeongguk coveted that. Jeongguk is better at being on his own than anything and he wishes that he had Namjoon’s way of building off of and leading the people around him. He witnesses this as Namjoon kindly assures the confused and lost looking boy on their couch that he’s safe, instead of getting to the chase and interrogating him like Yoongi or Jeongguk might have done immediately.
The boy clears his throat and runs a long, delicate hand through his hair. He was frail and thin and clearly malnourished. “Thank… thank you. I’m Taehyung.” Namjoon quickly asks Taehyung if he needs anything and he looks down and plays with his short fingernails. “I-I’m very hungry,” he whispers, clearly guilty about asking something of Namjoon, who he’s just met.
“You look like it,” Namjoon says, not unkindly, before slipping into the kitchen. Luckily, before they’d run into Hoseok and Taehyung and their struggle, they’d scored a few cans of various beans and vegetables and even caught a squirrel in one of Yoongi’s traps. Jeongguk watches quietly from his seat as Hoseok begins to explain what exactly had happened and he sees tears brimming in Taehyung’s eyes as he thanks Hoseok for standing up for him, as best as he could, back at the convenience store. Namjoon comes back with some green beans in a jar and Taehyung thanks him aggressively before devouring them like a vacuum.
After Hoseok and him are done talking and he’s finished eating, he looks at Jeongguk with those god damned dark, round eyes that Jeongguk had trouble holding contact with. Taehyung smiles brightly, albeit a bit weakly, and Jeongguk decides that he looks even prettier when he’s smiling that stupid, square-shaped smile than when he’s peacefully asleep.
“Thank you, Jeongguk,” Taehyung says softly. Jeongguk smiles back at him, an expression that feel foreign. He hardly smiles at all anymore, even around Yoongi and Namjoon who he cares about both so much.
“You’re welcome, Taehyung.”•     Time passes steadily for the five of them. Namjoon, Jeongguk, and even Yoongi connect with Hoseok and Taehyung, the bond between the five of them just as strong as the original three boys’. They’ve now been all together for nine months since Namjoon and Jeongguk had found Hoseok and Taehyung. Yoongi grows a friendship with Hoseok based on their general interests as they were both into archery and hip hop back in the day. Namjoon likes them both for their attitudes and willingness to help, something that he gets frustrated at Yoongi for often. Taehyung and Hoseok are naturally very attached to each other because of the original conflict during which they met each other. The two balance out the small group.
Jeongguk and Taehyung have a more special, quieter connection that Jeongguk knows Namjoon can see. Jeongguk is always hovering around the older boy, eyes on him whenever they’re scouting together to make sure that he’s safe. Taehyung smiles a smile that Namjoon, Yoongi, and Hoseok don’t get to see. It’s softer and warmer and he leans in slightly whenever his face dons the expression. They talk quietly to each other about things like books they like and music they used to listen to, but never about their actual lives before the dead took over the world. Those lives are gone and Taehyung and Jeongguk are together in this one. They have a bond that neither of them really understand, either.
Currently, they are skirting Gwangmyeong in their large van. It was a loud vehicle but strong enough to withstand hitting biters and the biter’s attempts at getting into it. Yoongi is driving and Namjoon is manning a map. Hoseok is in the back of the van rapping an old song that used to be one of his favorites to himself quietly while Taehyung sleeps with his head resting on Jeongguk’s shoulder. Taehyung didn’t have all that much personal space which is something that the reserved Jeongguk has had to get used to. They don’t know where they’re going, but they’re just driving.
They stop in a quiet, nearly biter-free looking neighborhood and Hoseok helps Yoongi clear out a small house while the other three boys raid a few nearby places, coming up with barely anything except for some unopened cereal boxes and a gallon of water. Yoongi and Hoseok leave once the others have returned from raiding to set up some simple traps for small land animals.
"What can I do to help?" Taehyung asks Namjoon with big, sincere eyes. Jeongguk watches those god damned wide eyes and feels a familiar tug in his chest, something that Jeongguk feels is dangerous. Taehyung notices Jeongguk's eyes caught on the side of his face and flashes him a quick smile. Jeongguk is basically fucked.
Namjoon smiles appreciatively at Taehyung and turns to him from where he was counting their inventory of non-perishable foods. "You can go check the basement for any supplies we might have missed," Namjoon suggests. Taehyung nods happily like he was asked to go pick daisies and sing songs. Jeongguk shadows him, a reflex, as the older boy heads towards the stairs that lead down to the basement. "Jeongguk," Namjoon calls and both boys stop and turn to him. He looks between them with an expression that Jeongguk can't decipher. "I need to talk to you while Taehyung scouts downstairs." The words are weighted in a way that pushes Taehyung to leave, commanding Jeongguk to stay. They both understand.
Namjoon and Jeongguk wait until Taehyung’s footsteps have retreated down the stairs to look at each other. "I know what this is about, Namjoon," Jeongguk says before the older boy has the chance to speak.
Namjoon, to Jeongguk’s surprise, chuckles. "Do you think I'm going to tell you that your affinity for that boy is a bad thing?" Jeongguk looks at him blankly and nods and another low laugh escapes Namjoon, but it's a kind sound. "Not at all, kid. I was going to tell you that I can tell that he feels the same. You two are special and for as long as I've known you, you've never let yourself be vulnerable and care about something." Namjoon puts a hand on the younger's shoulder lightly before moving it to ruffle his hair. "Don't let that happen with him."
Jeongguk's face flushes red and he hates this feeling of being babied. He pushes Namjoon's hand off and the older just lets out another amused snort.
"I-It isn't really like that. I just care about him. We aren't-"
That's when Jeongguk hears the worst noise he's ever been a witness to. Taehyung was screaming.
Jeongguk doesn't feel his body move, but within a moment he'd sprinted down the stairs and torn open the basement door. Taehyung was under a biter and he was screaming. Jeongguk flies across the room in the blink of an eye and knocks the monster off, his eyes immediately finding the nearest heavy object. The cinder block is heavy and coarse in his palms and he doesn't stop throwing the brick onto the shattered, positively demolished remnants of the undead creature's skull until Namjoon hauls him off of its unmoving remains. Jeongguk is crying. He's crying because he knows, when he looks at Taehyung, what he'll see. He knows what happened. He knows that, just as he began to care about another person, that person had to be taken away.
He's being held still by Namjoon's arms and his chest rises and falls rapidly, tears falling down his face as his vision blurs. Namjoon's arms are gone and a soft, delicate hand, one Jeongguk knows well, is on his shoulder. Jeongguk turns slowly towards Taehyung and the older boy smudges away his tears with his hand, despite the blood on his fingertips. Jeongguk looks into those round, shining eyes before his own pupils trail to the boy's shoulder, to the torn skin and blood and the fucking teeth marks. Jeongguk lets out a pitiful sob and Taehyung pulls him into his body, once again ignoring his own blood that trickles into the fabric of Jeongguk’s clothing.
"I want you to kill me before I turn," Taehyung whispers, his voice quiet and unnervingly even. Jeongguk and Taehyung's roles are reversed at this frozen, nightmarish moment in time. Tearful, small Taehyung and expressionless Jeongguk have traded roles. "I won't turn into one of those. Please do it," he murmurs into the skin of Jeongguk's neck, pushing his pocket knife into Jeongguk's hands.
Jeongguk pulls back from Taehyung's body, his head shaking roughly and the closed knife clatters to the ground. "No fucking way, you idiot," Jeongguk whimpers hysterically. "As long as you're breathing and your heart is beating, you're staying alive. You're staying with me."
Taehyung's eyes finally overflow and Jeongguk watches him cry quietly. Taehyung nods after a moment. "Okay, I'll stay. I'll stay with you until I...." He doesn't finish the sentenence, but everyone understands.
They sit in silence in the basement for the remainder of the evening, holding each other. There is a small window at the top of the wall that shows them the slow dying of the sun into the sunset which decays into the tar-colored night. There were no stars tonight, which Taehyung points out in a small voice. Namjoon says nothing to the two boys, but brings down a few cups of water and lights a small candle so that they can see. Yoongi and Hoseok returned shortly after the accident and had come down the stairs looking for their three missing members. Hoseok immediately bursts into tears after looking between Taehyung's wound and the gory remains of the biter. Yoongi hits the wall so hard in his anger that his knuckles bleed. Eventually, though, they settle across the room from the Jeongguk and Taehyung against the opposite wall next to where Namjoon sits with his head hung low.
"Jeongguk," Taehyung whispers after a number hours later. These were the first words uttered so far into their unofficial vigil. Jeongguk turns his stiff neck towards the smaller boy. "I'm sleepy."
Jeongguk shook with renewed grief as more stinging tears fall down the skin of his face. Taehyung leans up weakly and kisses the drops away. Jeongguk freezes.
"I love you, Jeongguk."
Jeongguk cries into Taehyung's lips as Taehyung kisses him.•     Taehyung woke up.
The four remaining boys had watched him all night, checking the rise and fall of his chest to monitor when it would stop. However, it didn't. When his eyes opened in the light of the morning that streamed through the small, grimy basement window, they weren't  bleached of their deep color and they weren't eerily bloodshot. They were still those god damned beautiful wide, round eyes. The fever normally sets in after three hours and shuts its host's body down after ten at the latest. After twelve hours, Taehyung woke up.
It wasn't until three days later that Jeongguk allowed himself to hope, allowed himself to smile back at Taehyung. After a week, Taehyung's cheeks returned to their normal rosy color and he began making his usual stupid jokes. It took two weeks for the wound to cover over with tender, fresh skin.
"I don't understand," Yoongi says one night, three weeks after the accident, over a meal of stale Cheerios and canned peaches. He reaches out and tugs the loose collar of Taehyung's shirt to the side to look at the pink, healing scar. Jeongguk smacks his hand away and straightens Taehyung's collar. "You're a fucking miracle, kid."
Taehyung chews thoughtfully on his cereal before swallowing and taking in a decisive breath. "Maybe not," he counters quietly. This grabs each boy's attention. Taehyung takes another handful of Cheerios to his mouth before continuing. "I don't talk about my life before I found you guys because that life is gone. Basically, I think my 'miracle' happened because I was diagnosed with acute leukemia at twelve and cured by age fifteen through chemotherapy. I'm not very smart, but maybe that has something to do with it. Maybe I have some sort of antibody, who knows?" Taehyung continues eating as if he had just commented casually on the weather, but Jeongguk's face cracks into a smile and the other boys look around at each other with similar expressions. It hits Jeongguk like a ton of bricks. Taehyung is staying with Jeongguk, alive and well.
"Taehyung?" Jeongguk says quietly. The beautiful boy looks at him quizzically with a mouthful of peaches and with those fucking beautiful eyes. Jeongguk grins a special grin made just for Taehyung. "I love you, too."•     The winter passes slowly, being the most difficult part of the year to survive, but between Hoseok's and Yoongi's traps and hunting and Jeongguk, Namjoon, and Taehyung being skilled raiders, they scrape by together. The spring then melts into summer and the five boys, now a family, are actually living instead of surviving. There are still close calls and there is definitely still fear, but they know how to live. Then, as the summer decomposes and is reborn into fall, they find two malnourished boys, looking not unlike Taehyung when Namjoon and Jeongguk found him over a year back, hiding in a cabin in the middle of nowhere on their way to their next town. Jimin and Seokjin, as they call themselves, are adopted into the pack.
One brisk night, smelling of leaves and other autumn-related scents, the boys are staying in a tall, two story house that is absolutely gorgeous, surrounded by orange, shedding trees and thick wildflowers. It's a paradise in a broken world, an oasis in the Sahara desert. Jeongguk loves the place and wishes that he could have stayed here with Taehyung in a world where they weren't being hunted every day. However, that isn't the world they live in and this was far past perfect, anyway.
Jeongguk and Taehyung haul blankets and pillows, of which there was a lovely closet full in a long abandoned dusty guest room, up onto the roof after finding a way to scramble up there from a balcony. The roof was terraced with large flat areas which Jeongguk and Taehyung set up their makeshift bed on as the sky settles into a dusky orange.
The boys lay and breathe in each other in as the stars make their debut and the color is drained from the sky. There seems to be millions of stars tonight, which Taehyung points out in a small voice. Jeongguk smiles and agrees. There are so many beautiful stars.
Jeongguk gently pushes Taehyung onto his back on their mattress of blankets, kissing his neck and dragging his lips across the older boy’s scarred shoulder and mapping every inch of his skin with his mouth. Taehyung giggles and Jeongguk glances up to see that a ruddy colored leaf had landed on the boys forehead and the younger boy laughs, too. Their shirts are discarded and their skin presses together in such a wonderful way.
Jeongguk slips a leg between the thighs of the wide eyed boy beneath him. “Can I take you? Can I have you tonight?” The former whispers into the skin of Taehyung’s throat where he sucks a light purple mark. Taehyung gasps, rutting up with his hips as he murmurs a confirmation. Jeongguk smiles, his lips curling up gently against the column of Taehyung’s neck.
Through the ups and downs of this dangerous world, Jeongguk and Taehyung didn’t have enough time to be Jeongguk and Taehyung. The heat was still there through those ups and downs, but quick handjobs or messy blowjobs while trying to keep quiet for the other boys’ sakes aren’t sufficient. Jeongguk craves, he wants so intensely. He can feel that Taehyung does, too. Jeongguk takes his time, because at this moment they have plenty of time, worshiping his lover’s body. He kisses the cute mark on the tip of his nose and cups his cheeks before running his lips over the hardly existent trail of soft hairs that lead into Taehyung’s boxers. The contrast of intensity and teasing compared to the small, loving gestures has the elder’s chest rising and falling harshly. Small whimpers leak from his lips as Jeongguk sucks and nips at the skin just above the lowriding hem of his underwear.
Taehyung sucks in a shuddering breath. “Pl-please,” he get out, “Jeongguk, please.”
Jeongguk nods and begins working on getting off Taehyung’s pants while continuing to do as he pleases with his mouth on the boy’s soft skin and Taehyung lifts himself to aid in getting himself undressed. When he’s naked under the light of the moon and the stars, Jeongguk leans back to drink in the way he looks. Just as Taehyung begins to fidget under the intensity of the stare, Jeongguk smiles and leans down to kiss the boy gently. “You’re an angel,” Jeongguk whispers into the older’s mouth.
Jeongguk’s half rough, half soft hand meets the place where Taehyung needs him most and the latter whines because it’s so good. His senses are on overdrive as Jeongguk continues to kiss and pump him slowly. He wants to feel like this forever. After a long while of just that, the rhythm of Taehyung rocking into Jeongguk’s fist and the pattern of their kissing, Jeongguk digs around in the pocket of his jeans that he discarded sometime in the process of undressing Taehyung. He pulls out a meager, half empty bottle and Taehyung must make a face of surprise.
“I found this a few houses back,” Jeongguk said, suddenly a bit more quiet and seemingly a bit embarrassed, holding the lube bottle in his hands. “I-I picked it up because I was hoping to do this with you and I want you to be comfortable and I hope you don’t find it weird because-”
Taehyung sits up and kisses Jeongguk to stop his nervous rambling. The contact between their lips calms Jeongguk again and he smiles into Taehyung’s mouth. “Thank you,” the older whispers, and the younger nods.
Jeongguk takes his time preparing Taehyung, mostly just because he enjoys the little whines and puffs of breath he gets out of Taehyung when he crooks his fingers just right. After three fingers are comfortable seated in Taehyung and making him writhe, Jeongguk pulls them out carefully. Taehyung opens his eyelids from how they had been tightly closed in pleasure and Jeongguk sinks into those big, honest, beautiful eyes that have crept into every corner of his thoughts and his being. Taehyung just nods and smiles that smile manufactured just for Jeongguk to view and Jeongguk knows that that is permission to go ahead. He looks so beautiful, cheeks and chest blooming a beautiful pink with how deeply he’s blushed from Jeongguk’s ministrations. Jeongguk doesn’t want this to end.
Jeongguk rocks into Taehyung deeply until the dawn creeps into the sky, making both boys’ heads spin each time they come and they hold each other until they recover from their highs. They feel infinite, they feel like they don’t ever need to stop.
When the morning has finally bloomed fully and the millions of stars have gone to sleep themselves, the two lovers clamber down from the roof after cleaning themselves up as well as they could. They find two spots waiting for them at the table downstairs near the kitchen and five other smiling boys were there to greet them. Taehyung and Jeongguk grin and laugh with each other and the rest of their seven member family over a breakfast of canned green beans and fire-cooked meat from Hoseok’s trap. It wasn’t ideal, but in fact it was more than that. It was beautiful and it was theirs. Those round eyes were always going to be looking at Jeongguk and Jeongguk was always going to be looking right back at them. This was their own sky of stars, a million little lights and a million little reasons to survive, to live, and to love.



Afterword


End Notes
((omg cries forever goodbye world))i wrote this during a sick day instead of an important history essay also i didn't proofread very well so whatevsthis is my first authored fic so please comment what i did well so i can continue to do so as well as what i can improve in future fics!!!my inspirations were playing deadrising 2 for three hours, the movies i am legend and world war z, and the tv show the walking dead. the title of the work is the title of a song by passenger.if you're reading this, i love you very much and you are beautifulthank you!!!!!


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



