



Alloy - nihilist_chey - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Alloy
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/20302726.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Min Yoongi | Suga/Park Jimin, Jeon Jungkook/Park Jimin, Jeon Jungkook/Min Yoongi | Suga, Jeon Jungkook/Min Yoongi | Suga/Park Jimin
Character:
Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Taehyung | V (mentioned), Kim Namjoon | RM (mentioned), Jeon Jungkook, Min Yoongi | Suga, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Original Characters
Additional Tags:
Angst and Fluff and Smut, Jock Jeon Jungkook, Jock Min Yoongi | Suga, Team Bonding, alright the real reason you're here, ruined orgasm, Orgasm Delay/Denial, Dom/sub Undertones, Colour System, Safewords, Grinding, Frottage, Dancing, Recreational Drug Use, you know you your typical college party, Alternate Universe - College/University, Punishment, Hand Jobs, Party, Cuddling & Snuggling, 'allowed' cheating, For Yoonmin and Country, For Sugakookie and Country, For Jikook and Country, For Yoonminkook and Country, Light Spanking
Series:
Part 4 of
Stay Gold (Golden Universe)
Stats:

        Published: 2019-08-18
          Chapters: 2/2
        Words: 12418
      

Alloy
by nihilist_chey
Summary
“Typical little Jimine, only caring about when he can cum, my little pillow princess. You’d hop on any dick if you could cum, wouldn’t you?”Jimin whimpers, “Is this about me and Jeonggukie? You know we’re just… friends” Jimin himself doesn’t need Yoongi to tell him that’s a shitty lie.-- heavy plot mild smut
Notes
Highly recommend you read previous works in series before this for background.

          See the end of the work for more notes





Chapter 1
Chapter Summary
“I can be bossy, hyung”“No, you’re bratty, which makes you such a good sub. And being a dom is more than being bossy, it’s less commanding and more compelling to others.” Jeongguk crosses his arms in disbelief,“I beg to differ, I think I could dom you”Yoongi lifts an eyebrow, “Excuse me?” A dark look floods his eyes and Jeongguk suddenly wishes he bit his tongue.



Friday doesn’t pick up the song, it starts by a person slipping a long magazine letter note about how he sucks and brings shame to the school, but it’s okay, Taehyung burns it, nearly setting off the fire alarms in the process, but Jeongguk’s self-esteem isn’t ruined. He still plans to head to the game.
At 10, someone sends him a bunch of edited photos of him fucking a pig instead of Jimin. It actually makes him more pissed than hurt, Namjoon traces the account and got it suspended. He’s still going to that game.
At noon, he gets a phone call.
“Show your face and I’ll make sure your tape lands on every screen in that stadium and your parents.”
They hang up, and tears begin falling on his music theory notes. He doesn’t want to go to the game anymore.
It’s a small basketball scrimmage between them and some other school, it’s not on their season record, so uncharacteristically of Jeongguk, he decides to mope in his room.
But Yoongi just had to tell his team that he was coming.
“Dude, if you don’t come to the game coach will kick you. Gay or not you’re on the damn team, act like it” Hansyuk yells through the door, immaturely Jeongguk whines back,
“I’m not going”
“I swear to god, Cheolie a little help?”
“I got this, form the battering ram”
“You two are not breaking down my door” Jeongguk huffs, “Just go away, I’m gonna spend the rest of my life rotting away in solitude.”
“Now you’re just being dramatic. Jeongguk-ah,” That’s Jisung, “You know no one on the team cares, you shot three-pointers when you were straight, as long as you can do that again gay, we don’t care”
“Jisung-ah, I told you, that’s not how it works” He could hear someone’s disapproving sigh, Jeongguk’s stomach drops,
“Yoongi-hyung?” He raises his head, “You brought Yoongi-hyung?”
“Well duh, he’s the only one saving your ass from getting kicked. Come on Goldie. We need you”
“Jisung-ah’s been prancing around like he’s the best on the team, you gotta show him he’s wrong”
“Hey!”
Then Yoongi speaks, “Listen, pretty boy, they’re starting to call you bitch boy, and right now that’s exactly how you’re acting,
“I’m not a bitch boy” Jeongguk pouts,
“Then get off your sulking ass and come to the fucking game”
The freshman lets the words sink in before pushing himself off the ground, he opens the door, his friends wait on the other side, he looks like a mess with red-rimmed eyes and last night’s takeout sauce on his shirt, but he doesn’t care, they’ve all seen worse.
“So are you coming?” Hansyuk asks, Jeongguk nods, preparing a statement to thank them but Jisung cuts him off,
“Great! We’ll help you get ready”
“What?” The rest follow, Jeongguk’s ears turn red at the state of his room,
“Damn, goldie” Seungcheol looks around at the numerous take out dishes, “Have you eaten anything that isn’t processed?”
“It’s been a rough week”
“Right,” Yoongi claps his hand, pointing at the group members, “Hansyuk you get him in the shower, Jisung find him a jersey that’s clean or at least smells the least like man-child sorrow and Cheol help me… ” He looks around, “Attempt to get this up to sanitation codes”
Hansyuk takes him by the arm and shoves him in the bathroom, turning on the water, “You know we really don’t mind, right?”
Jeongguk sighs, “What about the football team?”
The older takes a sharp breath, “Well you have Cheolie and I’s support and Minho-ssi’s too. Don’t worry about it right now. We got a basketball game to kick ass in”
The freshman wants to ask one last question but Hansyuk yanks off his shirt, pulls down his pants and pushes him in the shower.
“The water’s cold, hyung” He cries, teeth shattering, reaching to twist the knob.
“You know the tradition, the last one on the court takes a cold shower” Jeongguk groans,
“We couldn’t just skip it once?”
“It’s our good luck charm, buddy”
He steps out the shower grabbing a towel to wrap around himself and stepping out into his room, Yoongi and Seungcheol have done an okay job, gathering the plastic containers and cartons with discarded chopsticks.
Jisung has his jersey ready with basketball shorts, the few seconds are a blur as the team members whirl around.
Jeongguk’s used to being babied, but even this was extreme. He feels arms being raised, the spray of the dorderant then body spray.
“Hyungs—”
“Where’s the comb?”
Someone parts his hair, another rips off the towel around his waist,
“Hyungs!”
Underwear is pulled up a bit too tightly, Jeongguk squeaks, “Relax, we all saw all your little big bits before, by the way, what’s up with the Iron Man?” Hansyuk hits Jisung up the head,
“Focus, idiot” His jersey is thrown over him and someone pats his cheek, then gives thumbs-up, Hansyuk yells, “Alright quick mandatory pep talk to boost self-esteem”
Yoongi nods, stepping in front of Jeongguk, “Alright, pretty boy” Yoongi says, “You had a rough week right?” The teammates crowd around him, forming a huddle.
“Absolutely shitty” The youngest nods,
“Exactly, I heard you punched your roommate too”
“I should have kicked his ass” Hansyuk grumbles in the huddle,
“That’s the fire I want you to go out on that court, and play like your position on the team depends on it”
“It kinda does” Jisung shrugs, quickly dodging Seungcheol’s swat.
“All those messages you got over the week, all of them yelling disgusting things at you, I want you to take those and throw them back in the school’s face”
“Y-yeah”
“I want you to go out there and play with such ferocity, those motherfuckers will feel like shit for hating on their golden maknae”
“Yeah”
“I want you to steal that ball, block those fuckers, shoot those goddamn baskets, score those 3 pointers. I want you to prove to everyone that you’re Jeon Jeongguk, the fucking golden maknae, the golden boy, not the bitch boy, not bitch maknae, but what?”
“Golden maknae” He answers
“I want to hear your fire”
“Golden maknae”
“More!”
“The Golden motherfucking Maknae!” Jeongguk yells, his heart is thundering with adrenaline and he’s ready to knock a bitch down a few pegs. They storm out the door in a rowdy mess, heading towards the stadium.
They get to the locker room just in time, the rest of the team there, but they don’t say anything instead they huddle around, getting their head in the game.
For a moment, it feels normal, walking out on the court as the school cheers, he feels like Jeon Jeongguk, the golden maknae, the school’s pride and spirit lifter.
For just a moment, he feels like no one knows, like it blew over their head, Goldengate is a thing of the past, but then as he’s standing by his seat while they prepare a rendition of the national anthem, someone in the floor seats leans over and whispers in his ear,
“Bitch boy”
And the feeling comes back. His stomach is sinking and he feels like shit, as a girl sings, he’s barely holding on the crowd stands in applause and Jeongguk turns to Yoongi, shaking his head,
“Hyung, I wanna go back”
“What” Yoongi pulls him closer over the noise,
“I wanna go back” Jeongguk whimpers, “I can’t— They hate me—”
“No they don’t, Jeongguk-ah,” Yoongi turns to him, “Everyone knew about you from your news stories and newspaper articles, they still do”
“But the tape—”
“Fuck the tape, go out there and play like you always have, that’ll remind them of who you are” There’s a softness in the older’s eyes, and even with all the noise, Jeongguk wants to kiss him.
But he nods, “Okay”
“Good, and remember if you fuck up, you’re off the team”
“What?”
“Play ball!” Yoongi shoves him on the court with the rest of the teammates, the referee throws the ball, Jeongguk catches it and the clock starts.
 
(yeah I can’t do ‘basketball commentary’. imagine that shit and move on, thank you, next.)
 
They win in a landslide. Jeongguk scoring 32 of the 109 points against 92.
But no matter a winning game or not, Coach still has a few words for him afterwards, so he’s pulled from the victory circle and confetti into his office.
Yoongi walks outside from the said room, “Good luck, pretty boy” He pats Jeongguk’s shoulder, before retreating as his coach enters.
“Where the hell have you been, Jeon?”
“Coach—”
“If we had lost this game, I would be seriously considering kicking you off the team.”
“I’m sorry, I wasn’t in my right mind” Jeongguk explains, “Something happened and—”
“Are you talking about this Goldengate shit everyone is talking about? You're letting rumours mess with your head?”
Jeongguk’s stomach sinks, “You saw the tape?”
“Tape? What fucking tape? Look, Jeon, focus, I need you to give some heart-wrenching speech about why I shouldn’t bench you for the first few games of the season”
“I don’t have a speech” Jeongguk sighs, “But I do know what I’ve done. I missed practice, I was being selfish and because of it, I nearly let my team down, and I am sorry, I will not let it happen again… Please don’t bench me” He pulls out his best aegyo with a full-on pout and high pitched voice.
His coach rolls his eyes at the last statement, but sighs,
“You played well tonight, a bit slow on the passes and shifty with your throws, if you had come to practice it would have been better but” He takes a breath, “You did well. Keep playing like that, and you can stay on the court”
Jeongguk bows, grateful, “Thank you, Coach”
“Alright, go celebrate and stay safe, okay?”
“Yes, Coach” Jeongguk smiles and waved goodbye walking or the door,
“And Jeon,”
“Yes, Coach?”
“If you ever have any problems… about the team… come to me or Yoongi-ssi okay?” It takes a minute for Jeongguk to understand, but he flushes a bit and nods,
“Yeah, th-thanks Coach”
With that he leaves the office, Yoongi waiting for him, but with a Park Jimin on his arm, he tries to ignore the pretty skirt the dance major is wearing.
“Yoongi-hyung, Jimin-ssi”
Jimin waves, “We know each other enough to call me hyung, Jeongguk-ah”
“Hopefully not too well” Yoongi jokes, Jimin rolls his eyes cooly, hitting his boyfriend's arm Jeongguk lets out a rough chuckle,
“Hyungs” He fixes, a bit flustered, the gleam of Jimin’s exposed collarbones makes him dizzy, it’s a deep v-neck shirt tucked into the pretty skirt, thighs slipped in beautiful fishnets, and Yoongi’s running a hand through his hair, leaning against the wall and hiking a leg up revealing some of the milky white of his thighs,
“So,” Yoongi starts pushing off the wall, snapping Jeongguk out his daze, “How’d it go, pretty boy?”
“I’m still on the team” He smiles lopsidedly, “Barely” He huffs out a laugh, Yoongi chuckles, in response,
“Good, you did good today pretty boy, proud of you”
Jeongguk flushes at the subtle praise, it’s not really fair because Jimin is right there, is he even alright with the small comments? Or does he not care since he slept with Jeongguk already?
“Th-thank you hyung”
“No problem, listen there’s a party going on at a frat house,” Jeongguk can already tell where this is going, he starts to shake his head, “Come on, Guk-ah, you just won our first game of the year, no one’s gonna hate you for that.”
“Hyung, I barely got out of my room today”
“And you need to stay out” Jimin interrupts, “Please come, Jeongguk-ah, I want you to dance with me when Yoongi’s passing out on the couch”
The oldest scoffs, lightly flicking Jimin’s ear, the dance major is not deterred,
“Please Jeongguk-ah, please” The sophomore pouts out his lip and makes his eyes sparkle, “Please?”
It’s not fair, Yoongi is right there, he’s sweaty and the side of his jersey is kind of twisted so one of his nipples shine in the light, and Jimin’s pulling his best puppy dog face with shimmering innocent eyes that hold sinful desires behind them.
In other words, Jeongguk caves, “Fine” He rolls his eyes, “But if I leave, don’t force me to come back”
“Deal!” The dancer nods, shaking his hand, “How long do you need to get ready?”
He shrugs, he needs to shower and change, “30 minutes”
“Make it 45” Yoongi adds, “I need to get ready too”
“Alright, I’ll come back in an hour, Hoseok is picking us up” Jimin confirms, Yoongi makes an affirming sound, pressing a chaste kiss on the younger’s lips,
“See you later, love”
“Bye baby, Jeonggukie, darling” He waves to them before skipping out the locker room. Jeongguk blinks trying to figure out why he feels weird about the interaction.
Some teammates still lounge around in the locker room, slowly leave out, not interested in the team’s victory parade around the school and have plans of their own, Yoongi’s grabbing stuff out his locker and Jeongguk still feels weird.
It was so casual like they didn’t even share an intimate moment, Jeongguk knows Yoongi was right there, but he wished for a bit of fondness from the dance major,
“Remember what I said yesterday?” He asks, Jeongguk nods dumbly, Yoongi has such pretty legs, slender and muscled, almost like a girl’s, “Words, Jeongguk-ah”
“Yes, hyung” He corrects himself, “I remember” and since there is no one left in the locker room, Jeongguk takes his time shamelessly watching Yoongi undress,
“Good boy” Even said casually it makes him feel a bit hot, “Jiminie and I have a dynamic, I’m dominant and he’s submissive,”
“Oh,” The freshman realises he has to stop staring at Yoongi’s chest and pay attention.
Admittedly, he looked up a few things after Yoongi dropped him off after lamb skewers, but after stumbling on a blog about the Folsom Street Fair, he decided to just let Yoongi explain everything when the junior got the chance.
“I want to include you, but I need your full consent and understanding”
Jeongguk nods, “Okay”
“First, we have a colour system, it acts as our safewords, green means go, yellow or orange meaning slow down, and red meaning complete stop, understand?”
Again, he nods, “Green, go, Yellow, be cautious, and Red, stop” He repeats, Yoongi nods as well,
“Jimin still doesn’t know about me including you, but he understands the system and I don’t want you in a situation when you fuck up because you don’t understand the terminology.”
“A-and what about the dominant and submissive stuff” A blush creeps on the younger’s face at the question,
“As a dom, I control Jimin sexually, if I tell him to jack off in the middle of class, unless he uses the system, he’ll do as I tell him” Jeongguk doesn’t know why but that sounds really appealing, “The same goes for you, if you agree to join”
An idea pops up in Jeongguk’s mind, “Would I get to boss Jimin-ah around?”
“In real life, no” Yoongi laughs, “Also, he’d probably kick your ass for talking about him informally. And I’m not really sure where you fall on the spectrum anyway, but as far as I can tell, you’re pretty submissive”
The freshman scowls, “I can be bossy, hyung”
“No, you’re bratty, which makes you such a good sub. And being a dom is more than being bossy, it’s less commanding and more compelling to others.” Jeongguk crosses his arms in disbelief,
“I beg to differ, I think I could dom you”
Yoongi lifts an eyebrow, “Excuse me?” A dark look floods his eyes and Jeongguk suddenly wishes he bit his tongue,
“I-I—”
“Say it again, Gukie” A small smirk lift itself on Yoongi’s calm face, “What do you think you could do?”
The feeling flooding Jeongguk’s system is scarily arousing, “I-I— Said no-nothing”
“Don’t lie to me, good boys don’t lie” There it is, good boy. Belittling but so uplifting. It nearly makes him melt, Yoongi doesn’t stop, “Uncross your arms and spread your legs” Jeongguk obeys without hesitation, the older chuckles amused, “And you think you could dom me?”
Jeongguk shakes his head, “No, I didn’t—”
“Didn’t mean it?” Yoongi mocks, standing up, Jeongguk begins to close his legs, but the older tuts, “Keep them open” He hates himself for listening so easily, “You should hold that tongue of yours, Gukie”
“Hyung—”
“Colour?” The words make chills run down Jeongguk’s back, he swallows, a bit hesitant, Yoongi notices, “You can say red if you want,” His voice is softer, but the younger shakes his head,
“No, green, I’m green”
Yoongi nods, “Okay, Gukie” The softness leaves his voice after that statement, “You were such a good boy the other day, what happened to him, hmm? What happened to the Gukie that sucked me off to be polite? The Gukie that swallows all my cum because he has manners?”
He whines leaning back into the older’s frame, “Hyung”
“What Gukie?”
With the cheekiest tone and expression, Jeongguk can manage he smiles, “Can you just touch me now?” Yoongi smirks at the question,
“You’re pushing it, aren’t you? Jiminie’s usually this bratty”
“Well I’m not Jiminie”
Yoongi tsks, bringing a hand down on his thigh again, the freshman lets out a moan, “Good boys use honorifics,”
“I don’t wanna be good”
The older pauses, looking at Jeongguk for a second before nodding, “Gukie doesn’t want to be good, huh?” He doesn’t give the younger a chance to respond, “Do you wanna be punished? Do you like it when hyung punishes you?”
“I don’t know, you didn’t really punish me in that restaurant, I got to cum twice” His heart is racing, there’s a challenge in his voice and he shouldn’t poke the tiger, but he likes it the way Yoongi becomes increasingly more annoyed,
“Why are you such a brat, Gukie?” He sighs, still behind the boy he crouches down, hands slipping under against the loose shorts, feeling the boy’s thighs, “Always talking back” A hand travels up to his crotch, “Always questioning your hyung” Jeongguk’s legs close just a bit, Yoongi smacks his thigh, “Keep them open”
“But—”
“Keep your legs open and I’ll let you cum”
Jeongguk listens quickly again, Yoongi pulls down the waistband of his shorts with one hand and keep the other in place so Jeongguk’s legs don’t close.
“Hyung what are you—”
“You’re kinda big” Yoongi cuts him off, slowly pumping Jeongguk in his hand, it’s a bit dry and uncomfortable, but it’s not long until the younger is dripping with precum, making the slide less rough, “Jiminie has thing for big dicks, you know, likes to choke on them”
Jeongguk’s eyes roll back at that statement, he leans back against Yoongi but the older tuts,
“Nope, sit up, Gukie” He pushes the younger forward, he stops moving his hand making Jeongguk whine, “Take it” He orders, letting Jeongguk hold himself,
“Can I—”
“Go ahead” Yoongi allows, “Get off, Gukie” At first Jeongguk is hesitant, he feels like this is a trap, this is supposed to be a punishment right?
“I can… touch?”
But Yoongi moves his hand for him, “Go on, I’m not stopping you anytime soon” He steps away and begins taking his shower materials out, all the while Jeongguk keeping his legs open and pumping himself at a moderate pace.
And Jeongguk obeys with earnest, fisting himself while biting his lip to keep most of his pretty sounds contained, “Do I have to—”
“No, you can cum whenever you want” His tone is unbelievably soft, Jeongguk wants to stop and apologize, he feels guilty, “Are you close?”
He nods his head, “Kinda” He's still embarrassed it doesn’t take long for him to cum.
“Good, that’s okay, just keep going, Gukie,” Yoongi praises a whimper leaves the younger’s throat, “Think about Jiminie for me”
“Jiminie-hyung?” He tacks on the honorific for extra measure,
Yoongi nods, “I told you, he likes big dicks, can you imagine him sucking you off? You’ve felt his lips before right?”
Jeongguk nods, feeling a bit ashamed, “Ye-yeah”
“I don’t think he could even take you fully without gagging a bit, might take him a few tries.”
Slowly the younger could see it, Jimin on his knees in front of him, suckling at his tip before practically swallowing him whole, and god the younger’s lips, they would look so pretty.
“He might even let you fuck his throat, he likes that”
Jeongguk’s eyes roll back, he steadies himself on the bench and bucks up into the air, Yoongi coos in the background,
“Look at you, Gukie, humping nothing just to cum” He comes around Jeongguk kneeling behind and reaching over the metal bench to take the younger’s cock in his hand, using the other to keep him on the bench, “Wanna cum right?”
Jeongguk nods, feeling soft feather-light tickles of his impending orgasm, but Yoongi stops pumping him, gripping his base, it makes the freshman jolt in a whine,
There is was, there it fucking was, the damn catch,
“N-no, hyung, please don’t— please, help me” The grip makes the zinging of his high fall away, Yoongi holds him there for a minute before starting back up again,
“Do you still think you can dom me, Gukie?”
“N-no” He shakes his head, “I can’t”
“Oh, really?” Yoongi fists his head, pressing a thumb into the slit, Jeongguk sees stars, “Then why did you say you could?”
The small tingles of an orgasm are approaching Jeongguk makes a choked noise instead of answering, Yoongi grips the base of his cock again, Jeongguk groans, “Hyung please, let me cum”
“Oh, no, no, hyung doesn’t let brats cum. Hyung only lets good boys cum” The freshman whines, feeling lightheaded, Yoong starts back up again, working Jeongguk’s tip with no mercy,
“Please, hyung, I’ll be good, I—”
“Are you gonna listen?”
“Yes”
“Are you going to hold your tongue?”
“Yes!”
“Will you use honorifics?”
“Yes! Please, hyung, just let me fucking— ” As soon as the word leaves his lips, his eyes widen, “No, no, no, hyung please don’t” It’s too late Yoongi’s already holding his base with a disappointed expression,
“Good boys don’t swear, Gukie, you were doing so well too” He takes his hand off in punishment, Jeongguk the fuzz engulfs him completely,
“Hyung” He whines again, but Yoongi tuts, walking over to press a chaste kiss on his cheek,
“Maybe later, Gukie. Come on put yourself away, we have to get ready”
“No, hyung, I can— I can be good, please! I’m close and I can— please!” He begs “I’m so close, just please, I’m sorry, hyung I’ll be good, tell me I’m your good boy” His cheeks suddenly feel wet, “Gukie is a good boy, Gukie can be a good boy for hyung” He cries, never knowing he could literally be so distraught to cum, he’s bawling like a baby.
But Yoongi’s enjoying it, “Can he? Are you gonna be a good boy now?”
“Just wanna cum, ‘s all” Jeongguk nods accepting whatever punishment coming his way, Yoongi wraps his hand around Jeongguk’s cock again, and finally when the burn begins the older keeps going, and he’s tipped over the edge, the satisfying release that makes his eyes roll back and see white, and then it’s ruined.
Yoongi takes his hand away not letting Jeongguk completely reach that peak of pleasure, more of rolling over a hill than climbing the mountain, it fizzles away just a soon as it started and cum drips from his spent cock on to the floor,
His body relaxes against Yoongi’s frame and while he didn’t get the full experience of an amazing orgasm, he’s happy he doesn’t feel tight and coiled.
“Thank you, hyung” He breathes out, “Thank you so much” And he starts crying for real, he doesn’t know why either, it just felt so good and he’s slowly coming out of the fuzziness, but he doesn’t regret a single bit of it,
Yoongi wipes his eyes, shushing him, “You did well, Gukie, such a good job for hyung” He peppers small kisses around the boy’s face, “Hyung’s proud of you Gukie,” He turns his chin so they meet eye to eye, “Was it okay? Not too much?”
Jeongguk shook his head, “Felt n-nice” He sniffles a bit, “I’m tired though” He pouts, Yoongi chuckles, “Well, we have a party to get to”
“Do I have to go?”
“C’mon, Guk, you need to stop being afraid of other people”
“I’m not—”
“You don’t act like it” Yoongi counters, “Look, if you don’t like it you can just crash in a bedroom or I’ll ask Hoseok to take you back, deal? But come for Jiminie, he really wants you to come”
Jeongguk nods, “Okay, deal” He’s about to get up, but he pauses, “Hyung?”
“Guk”
“If I go, can I get a reward?” Yoongi raises an eyebrow,
“You just got punished”
“I know, but maybe if I had a bit of motivation, I’d like to stay longer, you know, find something that interests me” He shrugs, “Or someone”
“Are you asking to feel up my boyfriend again?” The older deadpans, Jeongguk pouts his lip and nods,
“Please?”
“I don’t like sharing” He boops Jeongguk’s nose, “Jimin’s not allowed to cum at all this week either, you’re my only good boy right now”
Jeongguk pouts, “But hyung” He runs off to the showers to follow the older, ignoring how his heart is fluttering at the aspect of being Yoongi’s good boy.



Chapter 2
Chapter Summary
“Typical little Jimine, only caring about when he can cum, my little pillow princess. It’s true, isn’t it? You’d hop on any dick if that meant you could cum, wouldn’t you?” Jimin whimpers,  “Is this about me and Jeonggukie? You know we’re just… friends…” Jimin himself doesn’t need Yoongi to tell him that’s a shitty lie.“Or just fucking?” Yoongi chuckles, “What do you think they thought of you? Fucking around with another guy while your boyfriend was right there?”“Like a...”“Say it, Minnie, like a what?” “A whore” He whimpers, “Fuck, hyungie, I’ve been a whore, a really bad whore, I’m sorry, hyungie, I’m sorry” He babbles, rolling his hips into Yoongi until the older grabs his waist cutting his pleasure off,“No you’re not” Yoongi repeats, “Sorry means you stay away from him,” He smacks his left thigh, Jimin lets out a soft cry, “Sorry means you don’t let him feel you up in the car”, Another smack, “Sorry means you don’t fucking dance with him in front of me, fucking sorry means you tell me as soon as possible.” With the last smack, Jimin’s sure there’s gonna be a handprint. He twitches at the aspect.



When finished showering, Jeongguk dresses in the spare clothes he had in his locker, simple jeans and a t-shirt. His urge to be bratty pokes at him a bit but not too feeling satiated as he sits on the metal bench,“So I have to ask permission if I want to touch Jimin?” Jeongguk asks, Yoongi’s closing his locker and shrugging on a ripped sweater,“You have to ask” Yoongi confirms, “He’s my boyfriend still, I have the right of way”Jeongguk scoffs a bit, “You didn’t have right of way when I fucked him—” He’s cut off when Yoongi stands behind him and forces his thighs open, the freshman squeaks in surprise, ruined orgasm or not, he’s still sensitive as fuck because refractory is a bitch.“As I was saying,” The younger glares, closing his legs, “You can do whatever you want with Jiminie as long as you tell me first, Jiminie wants it, and is sober. Okay?”With an objective in mind, Jeongguk nods, “Okay”“And remember the colour system” He adds as they walk out of the locker room, “And this applies for after his punishment, don’t screw around with him at this party”Too late for that, Jeongguk’s already thinking of things to use against the sophomore.But he frowns again, “Shouldn’t we like— I dunno, feel guilty about this— I mean you’re practically pimping out your boyfriend”“Technically, no, because Jimin slept with you first” Yoongi points out raising a finger, “I’m simply facilitating the cheating”“So it is cheating”Yoongi shrugs, “Well… yeah, but that’s not the point, I’m allowing this to happen, it’s not much of a betrayal”“What about when I slept with Jimin?”“Yeah, that was cheating, but I don’t really care about that, it was consensual, and I think I might have done the same”“And what is this, what we’re doing?”“This… is also cheating” Yoongi nods after some thought, but waves it off, “Jiminie won’t take it personally though. This has happened before” Jeongguk blinks nearly stopping in his tracks,“So do you both like to cheat on each other? For fun?”“It’s complicated…”“I like complicated—”“No you like Rubix cubes and quantum physics, our relationship is like rocket science, the wet water theory, and the debate of milk first or last in proper cereal etiquette combined.”“Then how the hell do you make that work?”The older smiles, “We talk, listen, and love” Jeongguk decides to leave it at that, opening up the door to the outside, Jimin is waiting outside a full-size army green sedan,“I was about to text” He waves, his skirt lifting a bit showcasing his thighs, a nice milky tan in the moonlight, the fishnets glimmering in the street lights, “Ready to go?” He asks as they approach,“Yeah, where’s Hobi?”“Here, fucknut” The window rolls down revealing a happy man, he wore shades even though it was night time, Jeongguk’s seen him before Jeong Hoseok, he was also in the newspaper before, won a dance competition representing Korea when he was in high school.“Disrespecting your hyung as usual” Yoongi rolls his eyes, Hoseok looks at Jeongguk,“Who the freshie?”“Hobi, this is our golden maknae—”“Jeon Jeongguk” Hoseok fills in, “Holy shit” The freshman already feels unease, he looks at Yoongi,“Hobi, let’s not —”“You were in the tape right?” He asks “You and…” He glances at Jimin, “A sophomore… Wait Jimin-ah does—”“Hobi-hyung,” Jimin forces a smile, “Can you not?”Hoseok looks at Jeongguk and Jimin, then at Yoongi, the junior makes a face, “Am I missing something here or….” It’s good acting, Jeongguk thinks.“No, I’m sorry, I just forgot to turn off the studio lights,” Hoseok sticks out his hand, “My apologies, I’m Jeong Hoseok”Jeongguk shakes it politely, and thankfully the older sophomore senses the awkwardness and clears his throat,“Um anyway, as much as all of you would love to pack in the backseat, I need someone in the front to hold the beer”“Hyung, I don’t want my skirt to get ruined,” Jimin says quickly, stepping away, the junior rolls his eyes, looking at Jeongguk,“Long game, lots of three-pointers” He holds his arms, “Very sore”He opens the door, letting them in, “You two are ridiculous, ride in the back, and wear your fucking seat belt Jimin-ah.”“They would like being back there, wouldn’t they?” Hoseok comments, Jimin shoots him a look, but shuffles in the back seat Jeongguk follows.Hoseok has a keg in the backseat, in which Jimin sits in the middle while Jeongguk presses against his side, Jimin instantly busies himself by pulling out his phone, forgetting anything about his seatbelt.Jeongguk buckles himself in and reaches over Jimin’s lap to get the older’s as well. He wants to start a conversation, but it’s clear Hoseok has watched the tape and he fears as soon as he opens his mouth, the dancer will blurt it out as if Yoongi doesn’t already know.So he sits in the back, pressed against Jimin, eyeing the way his skirt rides up just a bit, it reminds Jeongguk of the original reason he agreed to this, but he’s not the smoothest when it comes to flirting, therefore he's absolutely shit at being a tease. But he has a small boost of confidence, he just needs to executeHe stares thighs for the past 5 minutes, trying to form some kind of game plan in his mind. Should he be subtle? Like, trace his fingers along the exposed skin? Or should he just grab it? What if he just starts chill, like playing with his own thigh? Maybe he should just rest his hand casually, like oops my bad, but not move it?His thoughts are cut off as Jimin grabs his wrist and effectively places his hand directly on his thigh, Jeongguk tenses immediately, and looks back up at Yoongi through the rearview mirror, but the junior is busy chatting with Hoseok about the game. “You were looking at them, thought you wanted to touch” Jimin shrugs, clicking away at a text, he lowers his phone turning to Jeongguk, “Am I wrong?”Jeongguk shakes his head, swallowing looking down at his hand, he’s made contact, but now what?, "C-colour?" He whispers, "Green" Jimin smirks going back to his phone, leaning back to get comfortable,Jeongguk, however, is as stiff as a board, looking straight ahead, while his fingers trace nonsense lines on Jimin’s outer thigh that’s exposed. The older shifts a bit, spreading his legs a bit to allow better access. Jeongguk lets his hand slip under the skirt and crawl towards the inner thigh before gripping it lightly, it's meaty and soft. His hand falls deeper into the inner thigh getting closer to Jimin's crotch, but he stays a good distance, his Jimin doesn’t react, but he turns a bit, reaching for something behind the keg, “Hobi-hyung” Jeongguk rips his hand away as both men in the front seat look in the rearview, “Can I borrow your sweater for tonight?”“Sure Jiminie” The older allows, Yoongi rolls his eyes,“I told you, you were going to get cold”“It’s still autumn, let me live” Jimin sticks his tongue out at the junior, who does the same back before resuming his conversation with Hoseok.With the coast clear, a large sweater on Jimin’s lap, Jeongguk goes back to work, hiking the skirt up a bit for better access to drag his finger along the soft skin of Jimin’s thigh.In the beginning, it starts closer to the knee, Jimin still scrolls through his phone, he clicks away at a few things, before playing a game, but Jeongguk knows it’s an excuse because he’s not biting his lip in concentration as his fingers dance across the sensitive skin of his inner thigh.When they pull on the highway, Jeongguk gets closer to Jimin’s crotch, but obviously avoids Jimin’s dick, he also has to be mindful of Yoongi, the older’s been sneaking glances every 5 minutes, the freshman’s unaware if Jimin’s notices because every time he takes his hand away the sophomore pouts at him.But Jeongguk continues his game, tapping and tracing random patterns until Yoongi's clearly distracted with Hobi and not looking back. He takes one finger, the tip making contact with Jimin's hard cock, tucked away in what feels like lace. Jeongguk bites his lip knowing how confined the boy's cock is in the panties. He drags his finger up the strained length, Jimin fights a shiver but hic cock pulses, his fingers hover the screen of his phone anticipating the next move.Jeongguk dips his hand beneath the lace, taking hold of the cock, he can feel the moist skin and veins pressing from neglect, he pulls the lace down so Jimin springs free and if not for the heavy sweater over them, there would a tent in his skirt from how hard he is. Jimin's breath hitches softly as he sets his phone down and leans his head on Jeongguk's shoulder, whispering into the younger's ear, "Please" It makes Jeongguk press his own thighs together from the arousal it sparks, he moves up and down slowly to makes sure the sound is minimal, he doesn't hesitate to squeeze around the head gentley and if Jimin's eyes were open, Jeongguk's sure they'd be rolling back. And despite his calm presentation, Jeongguk can see how work up over the simple strokes, his breaths increasing, soft pants and his hand Jeongguk's thighs from where they rest.They’re pulling off the highway, Hoseok notes they're almost there, Jimin grabs his phone to try and look normal, he bites his lip, spreading his legs even more and just as they pull into a large field, car parked every which way and large house in the distances, Jeongguk decides to catch the older off guard and presses into his slit, And Jimin fucking squeaks, drops his phone and clamps his legs. And of course, Yoongi turns around so Jeongguk at the last second yanks his hand from Jimin’s death hold with his thighs and reaches down to grab the phone in an attempt to make it look like he wasn’t feeling up the dance major, but Jimin reaches down as well, consecutively bumping their heads.“Ow” Jimin whines, sitting up and glaring at Jeongguk as he does so, the younger is unsure what for. Hoseok parks the car, taking the key out and steps out without a word.“You two are ridiculous” Yoongi sighs, before getting out of the car with the beer. Jeongguk opens his door and lets Jimin get out, holding his hand as he swings his legs out,“Oh, a gentleman” He giggles, taking the extended hand, in the distance Jeongguk can see the house, people hang out smoking or talking on the porch and stairs while the music can be heard from a distance away. He hold the sweater at his waist to hide his problem, Hoseok makes everyone except Jimin carry the liquor to the house, in which they are met with cheers and claps of the party-goers as they walk through. Once leaving everything in the kitchen Hoseok gives the okay for them to leave him be.Jimin effectively drags Yoongi to the living room where the music is the loudest to dance. Jeongguk has no choice but to follow and find an empty seat.He’s not really feeling the party scene at the moment. He’s happy the party isn’t from anyone at his college, but he still feels bare and exposed with strangers.So Jeongguk watches Jimin press against himself against Yoongi, the older letting him as they sway with the beat, Yoongi’s hands roam his body, down his neck, across his chest down his hips to the beautiful gems of his thighs. He teases the skirt, lifting it up slightly as his hands travel to the boy’s luscious ass.Jeongguk doesn’t notice he’s blatantly starting until he meets Yoongi’s gaze, it’s dark and playful, Jimin’s too lost in the music to notice that his boyfriend dangling him as a piece of meat in Jeongguk’s eyes, but something tells Jeongguk that Jimin wouldn’t even mind if he did notice. The song switches and it’s clear from the other dancers, it’s one of bust and grind.The couple wastes no time. Jimin rocks his hips against one of Yoongi’s hands as the older’s hands disappear under his skirt. Jeongguk can’t hear over the music but the way Jimin’s eyes flutter shut and his mouth opens, just a bit, he could hear his moans over the thumping bass if he tried hard enough. They don’t even continue dancing, Jimin pushes Yoongi against a wall and they engage in a heated liplock. The crowd is too busy being engaged with themselves to care about them.It’s lewd and so un-fucking-fair. Jeongguk gets up from the love seat, looking for anything, anything to distract him from it.He wants to be feeling Jimin and to be felt by Yoongi, to grip the boy's ass as they make out against the wall, to have his leg hiked up for better friction as his body is pressed against Yoongi's.He just wants both of them.“Hey anybody up for weed?” Someone asks as a small group of people gather around in a room. Jeongguk smirks, slipping in before the door closes. Jimin can feel it, the rush of pleasure running in his veins, he pulls his spit slicked lips away, “Wait, stop” He mutters right against Yoongi’s ear, the older’s gaze meets his,“What’s wrong?” He can barely hear, but it’s easy to read lips,“I’m about to…” He blushes, “to come”He feels Yoongi’s chest rumble with a chuckle, “You stopped yourself, huh?”Jimin nods, “Wanna come though” He adds cutely, hoping it would sway the older, but it's fruitless as he clicks his tongue, swiping the younger's nose,“You know that’s not how it works, Minnie”“It was worth a shot” Jimin whines, “Can we sit? I feel like I’m gonna cream myself if I move too much” Yoongi nods, kissing Jimin’s cheek before he laces their hands together and they leave the dance floor to the loveseat Jeongguk was sitting on.It was calmer in the outer rings of the living space, where people lounged and talk, not interested in packing themselves in like a mosh pit.Jimin is pulled close to Yoongi, the older keeping his touches more possessive than sexual, Jimin finds it enduring more than annoying.He likes that Yoongi lets him wear whatever he wants, hell, he’s sure the junior would let him go out naked. And Yoongi makes him feel pretty, whispering about his thighs and face, telling him how good he always looks,But Yoongi keeps an eye on him and those watching, Jimin won’t admit it aloud, but he loved it when the older plays with his skirts and revealing shirts, pulling at the hems and collars just to get a peek, just to broadcast what his boyfriend has.And the best part about it is the way Yoongi kisses him when he knows they have an audience, it’s hungry and slow at the same time, dominant and soft. He likes putting on a show, and Jimin loves being the star.But Yoongi doesn’t do that this time, he bays his touches until Jimin’s green again, but Jimin’s at a point he’ll have to be yellow for the rest of the night.Yoongi told him not to cum at all for 7 days, which Jimin normally doesn’t mind, he loves edge play, but it’s not fun or worth it when you don’t get to cum at the end of the night.“What had you so flustered in the backseat with Jeonggukie?” Yoongi asks, Jimin shrugs,“Was excited”“About?”“The party?” He says obviously, then sighs, properly turning to face his boyfriend, “Why is it a big deal?”“It’s not a big deal” The older claims, “I just want to make sure my Minnie wasn’t uncomfortable” He plays with the hem of Jimin’s skirt, “He didn’t touch you, did he?”Jimin rolls his eyes, “No, hyung, I think it’d be a bit bold for him to grope me while you’re in the front seat”“Jeonggukie can be bold”“You’re being ridiculous” He smirks, “Is my hyungie jealous?”“No” Yoongi scoffs, crossing his arms, a tell-tale, he is indeed jealous, or at least bothered by someone, “But, ‘darling’?”Jimin rolls his eyes, “You know Jeonggukie’s just a friend, right?”“You have his sweater” They already discussed this earlier. Jimin convinced Yoongi he hadn’t slept with Jeongguk, they simply passed out at his dorm and Jimin grabbed it on his way out, but it obviously bothered the older still. Honestly, Jimin wishes he could come clean about sleeping with the freshman, deep down he feels like Yoongi knows, but he’s lied too much already.And he knows Yoongi’s bound to find out, even though not many know him on campus, there are a few, like Hoseok who could just blurt it out upon drawing the lines together after watching the tape. He suspects no one is balls enough to tell Yoongi that his boyfriend cheated on him because of what happened last time with Jihoon.He doesn’t think Yoongi would break up with him over the tape, they’ve been through worse, but the older would be extremely pissed off. Like sleeping on the couch, the silent treatment for a week, no sex for a month pissed off.So Jimin all can do is lie until there’s a right time to tell the truth. Or hope Yoongi just fucking tells him he knows.“And I told you it wasn’t because I slept with him. I’m taking Hoseok’s sweater later tonight too, are you going to ask me about that too?”“No, Hobi’s… different.”“Then what makes Jeongguk a suspect?”“You’re just close with him —”“I am with Hoseok too”“Hobi’s different” Yoongi repeats, Jimin rolls his eyes turning away,“No, you’re just jealous”“I’m not—”The sophomore scoffs, “Liar”Yoongi raises an eyebrow, “Excuse me?”“Just admit, you’re fucking jealous, and you’re actually getting pissy over it” Jimin crosses his arms, leaning away from the older,“You can do whatever you want with Jeonggukie, I’m not jealous” It sounds really convincing, but Jimin doesn’t buy it for shit, so instead he finds another way to win, giving Yoongi exactly what he wants,So he closes his mouth and gets up, “Okay”“Okay?” Yoongi blinks, clearly taken aback“Okay” Jimin repeats, “You’re not jealous”“I’m not”“Okay” He shrugs again, “I’m going to find Jeonggukie” Yoongi starts to stand up in an instant, Jimin chuckles, “No, hyung, I can do it by myself” He pushes the older back down on the couch,“But—”“You’re not jealous” Jimin reminds him with a smirk, “So stay here” And he walks off, leaving his boyfriend simmering over the fact he lost that argument.His search for Jeongguk begins in the kitchen, then in the hallways, there are only bedrooms upstairs, so Jimin stops at a closed door on the main floor. He opens it to find Jeongguk and others paying what looks like a rolled blunt. When the freshman looks up at the door opening he freezes, looks down at the weed in his hand, then back at Jimin with a sheepish smile.“You’re lucky I’m annoyed with hyung right now,” He says and closes the door, “Got a lighter?”“I do” Someones offers and it’s floated around to them, Jimin flicks the flame on, holding it near the end until a nice orange rings at the end of the stick, and he places it against his lips, inhaling the smoke and letting it ease his sense before letting it go, Jeongguk pouts,“I paid for that, you know”Jimin nods a bit, handing it to him, “Go ahead”It takes Jeongguk a while to get the hang of the smoking aspect, as he inhales and chokes immediately, but Jimin instructs him to just breathe in and out and the freshman looks natural.“I didn’t do anything wrong in the car earlier, did I?”Jimin shakes his head, “Nah. Was a bit bold of you though” Jeongguk smirks a bit at that,“Yeah”Jimin chortles, “That doesn’t mean it was okay, dumbass” He nudges the younger, “But, we can’t be screwing around like that”“What? Why?”“I have a boyfriend, Jeonggukie, and I love him” Jimin sighs, “How I feel about you is amazing and genuine, but you can’t be fucking teasing me when he’s in the front seat.”“What happened to ‘what he doesn’t know won’t hurt him’ ?” Jeongguk smirks,Jimin bites his lip, “That applied to closed doors. He was right there, darling” Jimin smacks his bicep with a forced pout.“Fine” Jeongguk rolls his eyes, taking a drag, “I won’t touch you when hyung’s around. He’s bound to come looking for you so… ” He gets up to leave, but Jimin grabs his wrist,“Wait” The freshman turns to him with an amused expression, “This doesn’t mean we can’t be friends”“You really want to try that?”“It could work, I mean you’re not a shit person and I would like to get to know you after all your dick has been in my ass”Jeongguk ignores the vulgarness of the statement and shrugs, “It’s not gonna work, but okay”Jimin smiles at the acceptance, “Great! We can go out for coffee on Monday”“Is he going to believe friends have coffee dates?”“He does all the time” Jimin nods, he had one with Hoseok the other day, “We study and drink coffee, we don’t have to tell him we’re rubbing each other’s dicks in the bathroom”Jeongguk pauses for a moment then lets out a laugh, “Right”“Good, now sit down and share your weed with me” They continue passing the blunt back and forth before it’s nearly down to a stub. It’s not a bad batch, not the best, but relaxing at the least.And the freshman finds to be enjoying himself while he and Jimin discuss what happened in class while he was gone.“She literally submitted 2 pages of the 5 that were required and then tried to pass it off thinking her dad could make payment for her to get an A” Jimin rolls his eyes with a slight slur, “Fuckin’ rich kids”Jeongguk opens to say something, but someone else speaks up instead, “Jiminie, I’m a rich kid” Both freeze to see Yoongi standing in the doorway of the room, probably left open by someone who walked out earlier.“Hyung—” They begin but he raises a hand walking inside, Jimin expects a reprimand, but instead,“You two are ridiculous,” He says, an echo of earlier in the car before sitting down in between them, making Jimin scowl,“Jealous fucker” He mutters on his breath, Jeongguk nearly chokes on his drag as Yoongi turns to him with a dark look in his eye,“Excuse me?”“Nothing, hyung, love you,” Jimin says sweetly pressing a kiss to his cheek, “Jeonggukie, wanna shotgun the last of it?”“Shotgun?” Jeongguk asks looking at the last of the stick with furrowed eyebrows, “What’s that?”“It’s like… blowing into someone else’s mouth?” Jimin shrugs, his boyfriend scrunches up his face,“That makes it sound gross,” He takes the blunt from Jeongguk’s fingers and beckons him closer, “Let me show you”“Hyung” The younger’s eyes shift to Jimin, “What about—”“Relax, I don’t bite, get closer” Hesitantly Jeongguk obeys, leaning in, “Part your lips too” Yoongi instructs before he places the blunt on his lips and inhales deeply, before beckoning Jeongguk even closer, his face heats up at the proximity and Jimin being right there and watching with a glint of amusement in his eye.And Yoongi places his lips on his and there’s a puff of smoke rushing past his lips. He’s lost for a second before inhaling it, the feeling is like a ghost of a kiss, and lustful as twirls of smoke fall from his lips and into Jeongguk’s.As the younger starts to exhale it, Jimin practically climbs over Yoongi and presses his lips to Jeongguk’s, forcing him to roughly pass the smoke, releasing the smoke into his mouth in a wispy embrace, it makes his skin hot and prickle.With the complete transfer, Jimin turns back to Yoongi, annoyingly billowing smoke in his boyfriend’s face before attaching their lips in a smoky kiss. It’s one of the most arousing things Jeongguk has seen the two do, and that’s saying a lot as they were just fucking each other on the dancefloor less than two hours ago,“Damn” Yoongi whispers, Jimin giggles,“I wanna do that again”“Absolutely not” Yoongi shuts down the idea, “I came here to collect you two anyway, come on” He gets up, Jeongguk doesn’t question the command, but Jimin lingers on the couch,“No, hyung” He whines, splaying out on the couch, “I’m staying here”“Brat, Jeonggukie, help me?” He gestures to pick the boy up, lifting Jimin’s legs but Jeongguk takes his arms and effectively throws him over his shoulder, his skirt flying up in the process making Jimin squeak,“Hey!”“Hush, hyung” Jeongguk promptly lands a smack on his ass, making the boy squeal and Yoongi raises an eyebrow,“Watch it, Jeon” He warns, but there’s a fond undertone to it that makes Jeongguk stick his tongue out at him.They end up back in the living space Yoongi sits on the couch while Jeongguk sets Jeongguk down,“We already danced Jiminie” Yoongi complains, Jimin rolls his eyes, “Dance with Jeonggukie” Yoongi shrugs, “Hobi’s not going to be back for a while, so we have to stay for a bit”Jimin considers the advice, taking Jeongguk’s wrist and dragging him to the mass of bodies, all the confidence flowing through him disappears when Jimin stops and turns to him with a playful smile pulling him in until their hips meet.It starts as something playful, nothing too serious, nothing too hot and heavy, after all, he’s sure Yoongi’s watching them.But Jimin seems to not care. Or maybe he knows and he’s using this to mess with his boyfriend’s psyche because he guides Jeongguk’s hands on his hips, before pressing himself completely against the younger.“Is this okay?” Jeongguk can hear easily from being so close, he nods,“You know he’s watching right?”“Of course” Jimin giggles, “Let’s keep it interesting, yeah?” And with that, he guides Jeongguk’s hands lower and under his skirt, one resting on the round of his ass above the skirt, while the other cups at the top of his thigh and at the bottom of a cheek,“Hyung, I don’t think friends do this—”“Relax, Hobi and I dance like this all the time, don’t worry about him.”But Jeongguk glances back to the older, and he was watching, but it wasn’t more of a ‘watching’, but an ‘observing’, he’s laid back, legs crossed sophisticatedly, almost like a chaebol. Based on him admitting he’s rich kid, Jeongguk actually thinks that’s possible.He can almost see it, Yoongi in a suit like a businessman, a glass of some cliche liquor in his hand as he spies across the room as Jimin and Jeongguk, watching them dance, entertaining him.Noticing his stare, Yoongi raises an eyebrow and lifts a finger, seemingly pointing at Jimin, who is happily lost in music and dance, get back to work it silently said, and Jeongguk obeys.He faces Jimin again, securing his hand on the boy’s bum, while swaying to the music, it’s a low beat electric song. The beginning starts with a melody with a soft bass before switching to rap, the BPM increasing and Jimin starts rolling his hips and then the chorus hits,And everyone collectively loses their shit, the rest of the crowd belting out the lyrics, jumping up and down as a strobe light fires rapidly, Jimin uses it as an opportunity to pull Jeongguk closer by the neck, their foreheads meeting, the stare is heavy and wanton, Jeongguk grinds back into Jimin’s rolling hips, loving the delicious heat that licks in his gut. The younger wants to kiss him, wants to feel him completely, to make him shudder under his touch again. He hasn't had a drop of alcohol but the courage running through him, it makes him want to bend the boy over and fuck him right in front of Yoongi. He wants to look Yoongi in the eye as Jimin moans, wants the older watch at every snap of his hips and how Jimin arches his back to meet each thrust. But at the same time, he wants Yoongi to participate too. He wants to hear the junior mock him, egg him on to do better, his cock swells with blood at the fantasy, 
"Jeongguk!" Jimin cries, "Fuck hyung.. feels so good" 

"Does it really Jiminie? It's okay you don't have to lie to make Jeongguk feel better, baby" 

Jeongguk doesn't say a thing, he can't he knows he can't, Yoongi's letting him fuck Jimin as a reward even though he's been bratty all day. He can't talk and ruin it now, Jimin feel amazing, squeezing tightly around him, "Come on Jiminie, be honest do you think Jeongguk can do better?" Yoongi's completely dressed in business attire, only his tie is loosened as he approaches the two,

"H-he's..." Jimin gasps as Jeongguk thrust hard once by surprise, the looks in his eyes clear, swirling into something dark and dominant, "He can do better" 

Jeongguk whines, "But-" 

"Shhh..." Yoongi says gently, "I should have known, you could only fuck Jiminie good once" He sighs, "Beginner's luck I guess" The words carve into Jeongguk's chest, he bites back a moan, 

"I can- I can do better, hyung, I can" Jeongguk pants, he flips Jimin over, taking him by his leg, lifting it for a better angle, the boy screams, 

"That's it Gukie" Yoongi encourages, he presses himself against the younger's back, "Fuck" Jeongguk can feel the curve of the older's cock under his slacks, he hear the unbuckling of a belt, he knows what happens next, he wonders how it would feel with the older pushing in, his virgin hole feeling penetrated for the first time. Would he cry? Would he scream like Jimin, his eyes roll back and the lid flutter shut as he imagines what feeling fucked would be like.  
"Fuck, fuck, fuck" Jimin's skirt hikes up with every rock, Jeongguk's cock hurts with how hard it is, his hand grips the older's waist, he glances back to Yoongi, the smirk only smugger as if he knows exactly what Jeongguk's doing, "Hyung" He whines in the older's neck, "Gonna cum" "Right here?" Jimin teases, turning around, pressing his ass back even more, Jeongguk can imagine the panties, he'd rut against the cleft of the boy's ass until he spilled all over. His gut coils, the friction, the fantasy, the watchful eyes, fucking Jimin, the climax of the song hits and Jeongguk cums in his pants, grinding through the waves of pleasure as they crash down. He knows Jimin's feeding off his arousal too, and maybe if they're careful the can sneak off in the crowd, but he doesn't get the chance to ask because when the song ends as soon as it began, Jimin pulls away, leaving Jeongguk still aroused on the dancefloor while he walks up the stairs to the second floor.Unsure to follow, Jeongguk looks back at to the love seat, expecting Yoongi to give him some sort of direction, but when he turns back, the older is gone.
What?
He looks back to the staircase and sure enough, Yoongi is following Jimin up. Jeongguk frowns, a dangerous lonely feeling sinking into, he walks away. Jimin doesn’t need any directions, once he hears the door close and the lock click, he waits for Yoongi to sit on the bed before laying across his lap.“You liked it didn’t you?” The older muses, lifting Jimin’s skirt, “Did you want to see me get jealous?”“No” Jimin lies, it’s a good lie too, but Yoongi knows better, and a hand smacks his right cheek,“Try again” His words are dark and commanding as he rubs the spot, it heats up from the contact, Jimin really hopes there’s a handprint.“Hyungie” Jimin whines, “You said I could do whatever I wanted”“We have rules, Minnie” And another hand comes down, the sophomore squeaks, feeling hard already, his toes curling a bit as Yoongi rubs the spot,“I don’t like rules”“I know,” Smack “That’s why,” Smack “You keep,” Smack “Breaking,” Smack “Them”Jimin moans lowly at the last hit, “I’m gonna cum if you keep going” It’s not much of a warning, but a beg to continue,“That’s why you wanted, right? Wanted hyung to punish you so you could cum?” Jimin’s gut tingles as his master plan is revealed, but he doesn’t answer, Yoongi’s hand comes down again,“Yes!” He gasps, his cock strains against the lace of his panties, he can already feel the dampness from the precome, “Yes, hyungie, again please” Yoongi smirks, slapping down again, “Again” He presses his bum up, Yoongi complies, he can feel it, the heat swimming to a pool, “One more, please, please, please”“Typical” He taps Jimin’s thigh, cue to sit up, in which the boy raises himself from the bent-over position into a straddle of Yoongi’s lap, his hands slip under the skirt to knead Jimin’s ass, the younger does his best not to roll his hips “Typical little Jimine, only caring about when he can cum, my little pillow princess”He whines at the name, “Hyungie”“But it’s true though, isn’t it? You’d hop on any dick if that meant you could cum, wouldn’t you?” The comment is almost too specific, the words are bubbling in his throat, so he just gives up, a sinking feeling accompanying the arousal in him,Jimin whimpers, leaning onto Yoongi’s shoulder, “Is this about me and Jeonggukie? You know we’re just… ” Yoongi leans back with a smirk, clearly saying, I win, “Friends…” Jimin himself doesn’t need Yoongi to tell him that’s a shitty lie.“Or just fucking?” Yoongi chuckles, “How long did it take for you to find out?” He uses one hand to support himself while the other plays with Jimin’s fishnets,“Before we got in the car, and Hob— oh!” A smack is landed right on his thigh, just when Jimin thought he was safe from cumming, he bucks once more “Hyungie, I’m sorry”The older scoffs, “No you’re not, you enjoyed every bit of it” His gut sinks even deeper,“You watched the tape?”“No need to. You’ve been all over Jeonggukie tonight” His fingers hook under the waistband of Jimin’s panties, “Just like a little slut” And he tugs up once, it sends a frenzy through Jimin’s mind, he wants to chase the feeling, but god damn it, he’s not allowed to cum.“Hyungie I can—”“What do you think they thought of you? Fucking around with another guy while your boyfriend was right there?”“Li-like a—” Yoongi tugs up again, he mewls, “Like a—”“Say it, Minnie, like a what?” He dips in Jimin’s panties, his hand doesn’t stroke him or anything but just stays there. It’s heaven, it’s all Jimin’s wanted this entire week, but he knows it’s not going to be given easily.“A whore” He whimpers, he can’t help the feeling of warmth that blooms in his gut, and he starts rolling his hips, unable to stay away from the pleasure, “Fuck, hyungie, I’ve been a whore, a really bad whore, I’m sorry, hyungie, I’m sorry” He babbles, rolling his hips into Yoongi until the older grabs his waist cutting his pleasure off,“No you’re not” Yoongi repeats, “Sorry means you stay away from him,” He smacks his left thigh, Jimin lets out a soft cry, “Sorry means you don’t let him feel you up in the car”, Another smack, oh Jimin really wants to cum, “Sorry means you don’t fucking dance with him in front of me, fucking sorry means you tell me as soon as possible.” With the last smack, it’s hard enough Jimin’s sure there’s gonna be a handprint. He twitches at the aspect,“Hyungie— I swear I was gonna tell you—”“When Jiminie? Was it gonna you be after you sucked his dick? After you fucked him again?” He grabs Jimin’s cock by the base, it’s not fucking fair. He feels the fuzziness of his headspace taking over,“Soon, hyungie, I was gonna— M-Minnie swears—”“Of course he does, does Minnie even deserve to cum, should hyung help little Minnie cum?”It takes a lot of strength for Jimin to shake his head, “Minnie’s been bad”“That’s my good boy” Yoongi kisses his cheek, “If you don’t cum for the rest of the night, I’ll end your punishment tomorrow”“Punishment?”“You think I told you to edge yourself for a week as a reward?”Jimin opens his mouth to object, but it is a coincidence Yoongi decided to torture him after the tape got out, so he huffs, starting to climb off but Yoongi grabs his hips again,“But” The younger perks entirely, “You did tell hyung the truth” The arousal frenzies in his body, “It was after you lied. Multiple times. I’ll let you cum dry, deal?”“Deal!” Jimin exclaims, Yoongi raises an eyebrow, he blushes, lowering his voice, “Thank you, hyungie”“That’s my well-mannered baby” The praise warms his chest as Yoongi flips them to lay Jimin on the bed, “You look beautiful baby, I bet you gave Jeonggukie a heart attack with your tights” He flushes once more at the thought of the freshman. He’s caught on to the subtle stares here and there.“Would you like it if he fucked you like this? Just push you against something and used you just to cum?”Jimin whines, feeling himself leak in his lace at the thought, he has to admit, the aspect of cheating is slightly alluring with the sex that comes with it. It’s fast and dirty, quick and easy. While slow and sensual is nice, the extra thrill of fucking in a public bathroom when your boyfriends just on the other side of the walls, is kind of exhilarating, “You’re actually okay with this?”“I’m not completely opposed to letting you screw around with Jeonggukie, he’s a decent person” He spreads Jimin’s legs, hands roaming the skin, slipping into the holes of the nets to squeeze every so often, it’s something Jimin really admires about Yoongi.He takes his time, makes it just as much enduring as it is sensual. Frankly, he really just wants to get off right now. But he doesn’t say anything, letting the junior press kisses on his thighs, and slowly pulling the skirt down“You would?” Jimin tries not to sound too eager with the proposition, but earlier, he has to admit, it was dangerously satisfying how good it looked with Jeongguk just barely touching Yoongi’s lips, is it too bad he’s wondering what Jeongguk would look like under Yoongi as well?“Would my baby like that?”The sophomore is unsure what to say, last time they tried something like this… it didn’t end the best way they hoped it would.“I-I—” The moment is beautifully interrupted when Yoongi’s phone vibrates, from the position of the older’s leg, Jimin feels the vibration and giggles, “Who’s that?”“Don’t know, don’t care” Yoongi declines and discards the phone, and he goes back to caressing Jimin’s soft skin, hands ghosting over the surface, only to tantalize the younger, “You don’t have to give me an answer now Jiminie, I just want you to know, I’m okay with it… if that’s what you want”It definitely gives something for him to think about… but later, right now he wanted to—Yoongi’s phone goes off for the second time and he sighs, “Someone better be dying” He answers the phone with a gruff, ‘Hello’.Jimin leans in to hear better, it’s Hoseok from what he can tell, something about… cops?“No, we should be… no, I don’t— yeah… okay, okay, I’ll go find him, will you— alright thanks, Hobi” He hangs up the phone and runs a hand over his face,“Bad news?” Jimin asks, resting his chin on his boyfriend’s shoulder,“Kinda, uh the police are coming, there’s a high schooler here apparently.”It sounds bad at first, but Jimin shakes it off, remembering both of them aren’t underage anymore, “Oh…”“Do you know how old Jeonggukie is?”Then Jimin’s eyes widen, “Oh” Yoongi chuckles a bit,“Yeah, I’m gonna go find him. You stay here, okay? Hoseok’s gonna call when he’s here” He rises from the bed, fixing his clothes,“How long?”He hands Jimin his phone, “30 minutes, I think I’ll find him before then, just stay put, we’re leaving out the window”“Window?” Jimin blinks, “You’re crazy”Yoongi shrugs, “Once the news spreads, everyone’s going to go storming out the door and we’ll get swamped” He presses a kiss to Jimin’s forehead, “Be good for hyung, yeah?” The words remind Jimin of the painful problem downstairs and he whines,“But hyungie—”“Ah-ah” He gently pats Jimin’s boner, making him squeak before pulling away, “Be good, I’ll give you a proper reward tomorrow, promise baby”And he leaves.“Fuck” Jimin whispers, leaning back on the bed, once again edged and not satisfied. Any orgasm would feel so damn good right now. He thinks about it for a hard second about disobeying Yoongi’s orders.Pros, orgasm, relief, and being able to not get a damned boner from just a simple breeze. Cons, Yoongi’s disappointment, but then again, that promises more degradation, so maybe that is a pro?But the older would still be, if not mad, disappointed, and worse he could make Jimin repeat this entire week of sexual torture again.But maybe Jimin could convince him of a stricter and concise punishment, like a really harsh spanking or multiple orgasms, or just an intense scene then he leaves Jimin without cumming for that one time, but the next day he’s forgiven and they can go back to fucking like rabbits.It’s hard, literally, and quite unfair. Jimin’s been such a good sub for Yoongi before sleeping with Jeongguk, and it can be noted that the only reason Jimin had slept with Jeongguk (other than the freshman looks like a fucking snack 24k/7) is that Jeongguk was offering, and Yoongi had not.Jimin understands though, a lot of shit has been happening for the junior, classes are manageable but sometimes hard, and he knows how dedicated he is to his basketball team, after all, it’s the only time he can play as his parents are preparing him to take over the company, but it feels like he forgets about Jimin.Specifically, his needs. He’s all for cuddles and kisses on the nose, but sometimes Jimin needs more, he wants to physically feel how much Yoongi loves him, when the older thrusts into him, whispering the sweetest of nothings in his ears. He misses when the older would just let him sit on his dick while they watched TV just to feel connected.Or after the finished, as the soft fuzzy bliss of the orgasms haze with world like smoke and they don’t bother cleaning up just yet, and Yoongi just pulls Jimin close, caressing and drawing on his skin, sometimes they’d talk, other times they’d soak in each other’s presence, or just fall asleep like that, in a tangled mess of limbs, fluids and brain chemicals.Don’t get Jimin wrong, there are many other aspects of his and Yoongi’s relationship he loves more than sex, but when one area is neglected a bit, you seem to notice how much you miss it.There’s a knock on the door that interrupts Jimin’s hand from finally touching himself, he falls back on the bed, “Ocupado, goddamn it”“Hyung?”Jimin sits up, “Jeongguk-ah?”“Are you…?”“No—” Jimin down up his skirt and fixes his hair, “Come on in, darling”The door opens and Jeongguk enters, looking as innocent as ever as Jimin is splayed sinfully on the bed, “Wh-where’s Yoongi-hyung?”“Looking for you” He sighs, “He’ll be back in a minute, we’re leaving early”“Early?” The freshman echos, Jimin nods,“A high schooler is here, and usually hyung and I stay, but you’re underage, aren’t you?” A blush perceptible in the dark room creeps up on Jeongguk’s face,“Yeah”“Yep, so we’re leaving. Hobi-hyung is picking us up”“O-oh”Before he has the chance to stand around awkwardly, Jimin pats the bed, “Come sit darling” Jeongguk shuffles over, plopping down next to Jimin tiredly, “You really weren’t feeling the party, were you?”He shakes his head, “I’m just…” His words die off with a shrug,“Tired?” The older suggests, “Mentally exhausted? Drained?”“All of the above” Jeongguk sighs, “When I had the thought of coming out, like one day I thought maybe I’d just be crazy and break the news, I’d be old and like with a family, you know, accomplished”“Are you not now?”“Not really, I mean basketball and football are great, but I wanted to make my mom and dad proud, come home with a wife and kids, you know, let them know they didn’t invest in me for nothing”“Well Jeonggukie, you can still do that. I’m sure they’ll be accepting—”“But what if they’re not. What if they cut me off — or, or, just disown me. I mean have you heard about, the— the — fuck, the Kims, In ‘92, what they did to their son — or Lee Konyu — or the Seo Sunhee?!”Jimin’s heard of these incidents, the Kims were a family that found local LGBT and murdered them, including their own son, Lee Konyu was attacked, raped, then murdered on his way home from work, and Seo Suhee was raped then murdered after coming out to her friends.All gruesome crimes against innocent gay youth for just loving someone in a way that wasn’t ‘normal’.“Jeongguk-ah, listen to me” Jimin tries but the freshman continues his ramble, his hands are trembling as he gestures with them, and he’s starting to cry, the words become incoherent through his breaths and tears,“Jeongguk-ah, Jeonggukie, darling, listen—” But it’s not working and Jimin tugs him in by the shirt and kisses him, it’s not deep and sensual, but distracting. It catches the younger off guard as he tenses for a second then relaxes, Jimin pulls away, “Darling, listen to me, okay?”He doesn’t nod but he doesn’t speak, the older continues, “It’s going to be okay. I know you’re scared, and this is so unfair, but it’s going to be okay, alright, come” He opens his arms for a hug, one for clear emotional support, second, Jeongguk’s about to start shaking soon.“I-I-I’m just s-s-so scared, hy-hyung”“I know, there are going to be pockets of people here that accept you and those who don’t. It really fucking sucks, but you have to find your friends, isolate your enemies, and take care of yourself.” He hugs him tight, rubbing his hand soothingly on his back to ease a bit of the tension“B-b-but —”“No buts, darling. Don’t let the bullies and assholes take away your spirit” Jimin pulls away, using his sleeve to wipe some of the tears before laying Jeongguk back on the bed, “We’ll be leaving soon, but try and rest a bit, okay?”The freshman hums closing their eyes and Jimin sits up from the bed, running a hand through his hair before retreating into the bathroom.Yoongi comes in a few minutes later, a bit panicked in the face, but he calms seeing Jeongguk knocked out on the bed, “Minnie?”“Here” Jimin waves, stepping out the en-suite, “Hobi hasn’t called yet”“He should in the next few minutes” The older sighs, stretching, adding a yawn at the end making Jimin giggle,“Tired too, hyung?”“Exhausted” He pouts, looking back at Jeongguk, “A few minutes—”“Hobi’s gonna be here soon just wait like… 5 minutes” Jimin pleads trying to catch his boyfriend before he collapses on the bed, but Yoongi drags Jimin with him, they both land beside the sleeping freshman, “Min Yoongi—”“Park Jimin,” He says back in a softer tone, “Cuddle with me for a few minutes” He wraps himself around Jimin, kicking off his shoes and snuggling into his warmth, “Love you” He whispers,Jimin sighs, eyes suddenly feeling heavy themselves, “Love you too, hyung”




Afterword


End Notes
Stay tuned for more. Idk if I should do Jikook or Sugakookie for smut, please let me know in the comments love you all.


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



