



Along Comes the Spider - bearsofair-coolhandjenni - A Song of Ice and Fire -
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Along Comes the Spider
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/9820304.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
F/M
Fandom:
A Song of Ice and Fire - George R. R. Martin, A Song of Ice and Fire & Related Fandoms, Game of Thrones (TV)
Relationship:
Jaime Lannister/Brienne of Tarth
Character:
Jaime Lannister, Brienne of Tarth, Bronn (ASoIaF), Tyrion Lannister, Tywin Lannister, Roose Bolton, others - Character
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting, Round Robin, Spiders, and some other animals, You enter at your own risk, but it's a risk worth taking, ...but still a risk, This fic has everything... apart from unicorns, Unicorns are awesome!, Writers of this fic are awesome, Writers are unicorns in disguise?
Collections:
JaimeBrienneOnline Meet-Cute March Fandom Fest 2017
Stats:

        Published: 2017-02-25
          Completed: 2017-03-16
          Chapters: 59/59
        Words: 48329
      

Along Comes the Spider
by bearsofair, coolhandjennie, Coraleeveritas, december13, ellethom, GumTree, ikkiM, justme (silver_spring), Pleistocene, QuizzicalQuinnia, silver_spring
Summary
Jaime Lannister takes his first vacation in years to finally have some relaxing and stress-free time down under. At least that's the plan, but then a spider and its tiny teeth cross his path......and that's just half of the madness! There's jello everywhere, attempts of making pancakes, a Pussy Wagon, a zoo date, museum shenanigans, a bitchslap, more bites, drunk attempt at sex, spider invasion(s), family and bosses trying to mess things up, monkey infection (or is it skunk?), satan's shootdown... and more... so much more!
Notes
Hi everybody who participated / wrote / made pics and other stuff to this story!You all know who you are and you should all know that you are DRAGONSTONE!!!!!!!!!!(oh, wow, there is so much knowing going around here... and there will be more!)For those who are embarking on a journey of reading or re-reading, you should know (see?) that this was a joint work of... I wouldn't call us crazy... Nope!We are amazing and totally badass, it's just that our collective brain works in a mysterious ways and those mysterious ways ended up creating something that we all know and love as "spiderdick".Join us and discover what a spiderdick actually, truly, really is.          Much love from december13!




by december13
Chapter by bearsofair, coolhandjennie, Coraleeveritas, december13, ellethom, GumTree, ikkiM, justme (silver_spring), Pleistocene, QuizzicalQuinnia
Chapter Notes
Here we go, it's spiderdick! The (vague) posting plan is around 3 chapters per day. Enjoy! :)



"What in all the hells?"

It was noon when two men exited the airport in Perth. They could've feel the sun scorching the skin, the smell of salt and ocean, but mostly the smell of sweat in the air.

"Come on, blondy, what were you expecting?! You're in Australia, the land of wombats, kangaroos, vegemite, those actor brothers, something called bush tucker... By the way, how do you tuck the bush, I wonder?"

"It probably doesn't mean what you think it does, Bronn."

"Well, I'm sorry your blondiness, please educate me on everything Australia, especially how to dress to occasion?", he glanced at a younger, undoubtedly handsome man, wearing the boots, jeans and a winter jacket. To say that he was overdressed was calling it lightly. "You do realize that January back home is summer in here, and the synonym for Australia is hot, and I'm not thinking just about the ladies... Fancy seeing you, missy, aren't you lovely", he halted in his lecture to throw a wink at a young woman passing by.

"Smooth, Bronn, very smooth."

"Yes, well, we can't all be blessed with your fucking gorgeous face and bank account, and I'm nothing if not the equal opportunity man."

"Meaning?"

"Meaning, as long as I'm treating all the ladies equal, one of them will give me the opportunity to fuck her senseless."

"And you possess the tact and class, I see."

"Call it what you will, mate, but it's working. I flipped over more women than you flipped the papers at board meetings... And you do flip them a lot," said the man named Bronn, grinning like crazy.

"I have no patience for your crudeness and very bad attempts at double entendres," answered the blond man in his company.

"Okay then, I fucked more women in the last month than you wanked in the last year. And I know for a fact that you do that a lot. Tyrion has an input as your shoulder to cry and the little man does like to overshare when he's drunk," he replied with a smirk, adding, "How's that for a bad attempt at double - what ever you called it!"

"Bronn," came out in a low growl, remanding the man in question of the animal that his boss and boss's family was sporting as a nickname, "you should remember who is signing your paychecks and that commoners are nothing but replaceable for the Lannisters."

"Right... Now, that would be your fifth threat in the last half an hour, directed at me. I'm not counting the threats you've said during the flight and to people around you. You made a grown man cry! The stewardess was ready to give you a blowjob before you attacked her! Well, probably even after that diva moment, but... You need a vacation, Lannister, and you need to get laid!"

"Isn't that the whole idea? To come here and have a good, solid vacation."

"And fuck, don't forget you came here to fuck!"

"How could I when I have you to remind me?"

"It's a sad, sad day if you have to be reminded of it!"

"Bronn," and although he was aiming to scowl, Jaime Lannister, Bronn's boss and reluctant friend, sighed tiredly. "Go find us a car. Someone from the company sent it. I need to get out of this heat and into a shower."   




(inspirational manip by Lena G.)
 



by justme
Chapter by bearsofair, coolhandjennie, Coraleeveritas, december13, ellethom, GumTree, ikkiM, Pleistocene, QuizzicalQuinnia




The first thing Jaime did after the bellboy had closed the suite door from outside was to strip naked and take the very long, refreshing shower he'd envisioned the whole cab ride. Other than staying under the spray for as long as possible, he didn't have any plans for the rest of the day. 


Bronn had tried his best to get him to agree to check out some of the city's clubs and the women in them tonight, but Jaime had vetoed all his attempts. This was his first vacation in years and he would be staying for a while; there was no need to rush anything. Having to rush and stressing himself was exactly the reason why he'd taken this break from work in the first place. And contrary to what certain employees and sometimes friends or even his little brother thought, it was not to be a quest to fuck as many women as possible. He certainly didn't need to travel halfway around the world to find someone for that, if the way women often looked at him was any indication.

Not that he generally ruled out sharing his comfortable looking bed during his stay here, but he wasn't holding his breath waiting for it to happen. No one had piqued his interest in a rather long time. Tyrion often teased him about being too picky, but Jaime actually didn't think he was. He just felt like there had to be more to someone than a great pair of tits or a firm ass. Even if it was just about sharing a bed for one night. And so, until he met someone that intrigued him, he was going to remain dependent on the talents of his right hand. Or his left one whenever he was feeling adventurous.

There were lots of other things to do here anyway. He had a pretty long list of activities. All without official plans, of course, so as to not make things stressful by having to keep up with an itinerary. For instance, it had been ages since he'd last surfed and never the waves around Australia. In fact, so Jaime decided, he was going to start with that tomorrow. Buy a new wetsuit and board and hit some waves.

Towelling off, he felt a distinct and sharp twinge in his gut. The old problem of his intestinal tract and plane food not being friends seemed to rear its ugly head again. Well, between that and the almost heatstroke in the cab, this vacation was off to a great start. Not. At least he had a carefree day on the beach to look forward to tomorrow. He massaged his cramping abdomen for a minute or two, but it was little help. Apparently, his first night on vacation was to be spent doing an exorcism in his bowels.

He marched back to the bedroom and grabbed the book his brother had given him for flight entertainment before heading back to the bathroom and taking a seat on his porcelain throne. The man who knew nothing by Jon Snow. The author seemed to have a funny definition of 'knowing nothing', seeing as the book had at least 500 pages. Oh well. It was better than reading the back of his shampoo bottle.

Cracking open his book, Jaime began spring cleaning his innards. He had just turned over page 7 when he suddenly felt a sting where he didn't expect one. A second later horrible pain shot through his body, coming from his dick. What the fuck was that?! He jumped up and grabbed a hold of his junk that seemed to already swell up in a way it was definitely not supposed to. Ever. The pain was so bad it literally brought him to his knees. Why was this happening? And how? And..
  
oh Gods, this was excruciating

! Blinking heavily, he tried to breathe through the pain but it wasn't doing much. Just as he was pondering whether he should die right away or make the effort to curl up into a ball of pain first, he saw it under the toilet seat. A spider. Which apparently had bitten him. In the dick. Oh FUCK! 
 



by QuizzicalQuinnia
Chapter by bearsofair, coolhandjennie, Coraleeveritas, december13, ellethom, GumTree, ikkiM, Pleistocene, QuizzicalQuinnia



Jaime clutched his stinging cock as if it were no longer part of his body but some alien symbiant bent on torment. This was insane. This was...what kind of place was this where spiders lurked in toilets and bit dicks?

He needed help. He needed no one to see or find out about this ever, but he needed help more. A doctor. A dick doctor who knew poisons. In desperation, he crawled on his knees and one hand to the bedroom where there was a hotel phone on the nightstand. He felt swelling in places! He was going to die! He was going to lose his dick!

He pushed a button on the phone without caring which one, clutching the receiver against his cheek.

"Concierge," a distant accented voice said.

"Help!" Jaime shouted. "I've been bitten. By a spider. On...the spider was hiding. In the toilet. I need a doctor!"

Silence, then a muttered, "not again," followed by a loud groan.

"This has happened before?!?!" Jaime shouted through the phone.

The concierge cleared his throat. "Mr. Lannister, no?"

"Yes."

"It's best not to move until help arrives. Please remain calm and immobile. I will send help with ice, and a doctor will arrive as soon as possible."

"I'll just wait for the doc--" Jaime began, but the concierge hung up. On him! On Jaime Lannister!

How dare he.

Jaime slammed the phone down and began to panic. There he was, with a poisoned dick, naked on the floor of his hotel room (and everyone knew that one should never be naked anywhere in a hotel except for the shower or between clean sheets). And there was help coming. Who would see him. And his bitten dick.

And his...bathroom...situation. He crawled back into the place of his doom. He reached for a glass cup from the counter, with the little white paper cover on it, and he sat by the toilet with one hand still protecting his precious poisoned junk. He set the cup nearby and gingerly lifted the seat of the toilet where the rank smell hit him straight in the face. He gagged. He saw the spider.

The culprit. The bringer of destruction. It was surely female. A black widow who killed men's dicks for fun. He lifted the paper cover of the cup and held it just below the spider, nudging its furry little leg until it had the sense not to argue and crawl onto the paper.

He shook it into the cup and pressed the paper over the rim, turning it upside down on the tile floor. There. Devil. Scum. Dick poisoner.

His heart was beating so fast. He was probably killing himself from moving, but really, he had no choice! He closed the lid of the toilet and flushed twice. Just to make sure. He crawled to the sink and scrubbed, and lifted himself to stand up.

Huge mistake. Giant, terrifying mistake.

The large mirror over the sink just caught the top of his groin. Purple. Swollen. Horrifying! He was going to die of a spider bite to the dick!

Jaime groaned. He washed his hands again, and took a cloth to wipe down any skin that had come into contact with hotel surfaces. He wrapped a large towel around him and slipped a tee shirt on. He did not feel like he was dying, but he knew he was. From his dick. 

There was a knock on the door. At least he wasn't naked anymore, and his gross poisoned death junk was hidden from view.

"Come in," he shouted, lurching uneasily to the entrance of the bathroom.

The assistant manager peeked in, obviously nervous. He stepped inside and held out a bucket of ice. "This is to stop the spread of any venom."

Jaime raised a brow. "Does that even work?"

The manager turned his gaze to the floor. "Not really, no."

"Why then...?" Jaime moved as slowly as possible to perch on the edge of his bed, but the motion squished his junk and made it howl.

He grimaced.

The manager glanced behind him, into the hallway. "Ah, the doctor is here. Already in the hotel as it happens." Nervous laugh, shifty glances...

Jaime snarled. "This hotel has a spider problem, doesn't it?"

"Absolutely not, this is an entirely isolated incident, there just happens to be a toxicologist who specializes in arachnids on the premises. By accident." The manager stared straight at Jaime, unblinking.

Jaime was going to attack. Somehow. Physically. Verbally. But another figure appeared in the doorway. A large, muscled figure with a tousled blonde mop of hair and piercing blue eyes. A woman. A very unattractive, mannish woman with extraordinarily beautiful eyes.

She waltzes in with confident steps, never meeting his gaze. "I hear you've been bitten. Please describe the spider in detail and allow me to examine the area in order to determine whether hospitalization is necessary."

Jaime felt his eyes going wide. The idea of this...woman, handling his poisoned dick was mortifying. And uncomfortable. Having to look at her eyes while she stared at his junk was...not acceptable. He had to buy time, even though he was dying.

"I caught the spider. It's in the bathroom on the floor in a cup."

The woman glanced up briefly, but then she lingered. She blushed. It bloomed over her extremely white skin and made her eyes seem more blue. She nodded and darted into the bathroom, returning with the covered glass. She was frowning.

"It's a funnel web spider. Bites are typically not lethal, but can cause at minimum significant discomfort and possible loss of feeling or atrophy of tissue."

Jaime went pale. He might not be dying, but his dick was going to fall off. That was basically the same thing.

The woman turned to him without making eye contact. "Now then, I must examine the site of the bite. I'm Doctor Tarth." 
 



by ellethom



Jaime stared at the woman..no young woman who called herself a doctor. She looked like she had just fallen off of the turnip truck then was rolled over by it...twice. She looked more Frankenstein’s monster than Dr. Frankenstein. “Are you really a doctor?” he asked through teeth clenched in pain.

She sighed as if she had heard this story more than once, or twice. Or, even, every day. “I assure you Mister Lannister. I am completely certified and cleared by the WMA. If you like, I can stop now and run and get my cred--”

“Don't be an asshole” Jaime said, though he was he didn't care if her bedside manner was that of the ancient tales of Qyburn the Butcher of the Red Keep.

“Wonderful,” the tall wench said. “So now you can tell me where the bite is so we can get through this?”

Jaime closed his eyes, suddenly shy. He handled the awkward situation with his typical manner when uncomfortable. “Okay, but you’ll have to buy me dinner first.”

She rolled her eyes, “Mr. Lannister, please. I need to know where the bite occurred.”

Jaime had been stalling for as long as the pain would allow. “My junk” he said finally with a relief. “The cursed thing bit me on my dick.”

A blush rolled over the tall doctor’s face. Her thick lips formed into an ‘O’ and she gave a curt nod. “Well, as I said beforehand, the bite of this particular spider is not deadly.”

“Will you suck the poison out?” He asked with, what he hoped was the biting wit he was usually known for. But, he heard his own voice, strangled and a tad needy.”And what was that about atrophy, and loss of feeling?”
 



by ikkiM




Dr. Brienne Tarth looked at the golden god on the bed wearing only a tee shirt and towel wrapped around his waist as the heat flooded through her at the thought of wrapping her lips around him. She shook herself and put on her most stern and clinical expression.

“Sucking out poison is just something people do on television. It’s not actually a viable treatment. With this particular spider, we need to apply a compression bandage and splint the effected limb,” she made the same rote speech she’d done twice already since she’d checked into this spider infested Varys hotel.

“A splint?” The golden god—Jaime Lannister, the manager had said, she needed to remember to call him Jaime—asked.

Brienne closed her eyes, thought for a moment and the turned to the manager. “Go get me a condom, non-lubricated, and eight clean chopsticks.”

The man nodded and left, seemingly eager to leave the room.

She turned back to the Jaime. “All right. I need you to remove the towel now.” She pulled out antiseptic, gauze and medical tape from her bag.

The man groaned. “Fine, but there’s been ice all over it. You know that causes shrinkage, right?”

She swallowed her laugh at the fact that this gorgeous man might be embarrassed by the size of his spider bitten penis. She nodded sagely. “Of course.”

“You’re mocking me,” he accused as he removed the towel from his waist. He threw it across the bed, then grabbed a pillow and jammed it over his face. “Just fix it, blue-eyed doctor wench.”

She went into doctor mode. The bite was small where Jaime, erm, wasn’t, shrinkage be damned. She’d never considered the male anatomy to be particularly attractive, all wiry hair, saggy skin and veins, but there was no doubt about it. Jaime Lannister had a beautiful cock. She stopped thinking about what she was touching and just did her work. She handled him as gently as she could as he seemed to be in pain, making weird groaning noises into his pillow. She cleaned the wound which wasn’t nearly the worst that she had seen.

“Jaime,” she said.

He moaned again.

“Jaime,” she repeated.

“What?” he groaned.

“You’re going to need the antivenom.”

He whipped the pillow off his face, “Are you going to give me a shot in the dick?” he wailed just as the manager returned with the supplies.

The hotel man dumped the condoms and chopsticks on the bed and covered his own junk protectively.

Brienne smothered her laugh. Men were such babies when it came to their genitalia. Women managed to birth children from theirs and men near fainted at the thought of a shot. “No. I’m going to splint you and send you to the hospital.” She turned to the manager and he nodded. They’d already sent two guests to Pycelle General. “They will have the antivenom ready by IV. Do you have someone who can go with you?”

He nodded and turned to the manager. “Bronn Blackwater.”

Again, the manager couldn’t leave the room fast enough.

“All right now Jaime, we are going to have to splint the area to keep it immobile,” she informed him.

“We?” he asked, his voice strangled.

“I only have two hands and the manager has run off.”

He looked into her eyes. She tried to look reassuring. She felt herself begin to blush under his gorgeous green-eyed gaze. He nodded, “All right. Let’s do this.”

She sat on the bed and unwrapped the chopsticks. “I need you to hold these on either side of your …self, while I wrap the gauze around it. Then we will cover it with a condom to keep it nice and stiff.” She closed her eyes in mortification. “I mean immobile. Keep it immobile.”

Jaime nodded and followed her every instruction. She helped him position his cock and then placed the chopsticks along either side. “These are a little too, erm, long for what we need. I’m going to have to break them.”

He mumbled something again about gentle wenches and shrinkage but she could barely concentrate on what she was doing. She just kept thinking of her training.

After a few moments, she had the splint in place with the gauze and medical tape. She unwrapped a condom and covered the area as the manager returned.

“The ambulance is on its way, Dr. Tarth but Mr. Blackwater cannot be found,” he informed them.

Jaime grabbed her hand. “You have to come with me then. I mean, after that, I think I owe you dinner.”
 



(manip by bearsofair)
 



by QuizzicalQuinnia



The pasty doctor wench refused to look at him as he lay on the stretcher in the back of the ambulance. She perched next to him on a fold-down chair like a flight attendant while the EMT diligently ticked boxes on a form, also not looking at him.

Jaime knew he would be one of those stories the hotel staff and the medical techs told to friends over drinks. Hey, Pete! There was this guy who got bitten by a spider today. On his dick. And he had to get it splinted with chopsticks and a condom!

Jaime groaned.

The ugly wench's absurd gorgeous eyes flickered to his face. "Are you in much pain?"

Her voice was so calm and low, and sympathetic despite the fact that she should be struggling not to laugh out loud. The harsh light wasn't doing her any favors, but Jaime decided he wanted to make her laugh. To distract himself from his dick. Obviously.

He grinned up at her. "A dick walks in a bar, and the bartender says--"

She grimaced fiercely. "Oh, no you don't. No jokes about...that sort of thing."

"Ah, I see. No sense of humor." Jaime nodded sagely.

"Yes, I do," she mumbled, blushing and biting her thick lip.

Oh no. No no no no no....

His dick twitched. It twinged with a sharp pain but it twitched.

It must be because he hadn't been touched in so long. Barely remembered the feel of a woman's hands on his skin. This humorless giant lady doctor had the most gentle hands...

No!

"We're here," she said matter-of-factly. All business. No twitching.

Jaime lay back on the stretcher and closed his eyes tightly, throwing one arm over his face to hide his distress.

He felt the stretcher being lifted out of the ambulance, then rolled away. He slid his arm down just enough to peer at the ceiling. The doctor's blonde mop swung about her shoulders as she marched next to his stretcher.

They put him in a room and slid the curtain around.

"Mr....Lannister? Pleased to meet you," a voice said.

Jaime lowered his arm completely to see a man in a white coat grinning at him gleefully.

"I'm Doctor Qyburn," the creepy man proclaimed with pride. "I understand that you've been bitten by a funnel web spider and require antivenom."

Jaime began to panic at the idea of this grubby man's hands on his dick. He frantically glanced around for Doctor Tarth and caught her about to leave the room.

"No, wait!" he shouted way too loudly.

She turned, her blush still staining her cheeks.

"Please don't leave, not yet." Jaime found that he didn't care how pathetic he sounded. He tried to project how much he didn't like the look of this new doctor. "Can't Doctor Tarth treat me?"

Doctor Qyburn frowned. "This is a world-class hospital, Mr. Lannister, I assure you. In fact, there's a new concentrate I've been meaning to try--"

Jaime caught Doctor Tarth's expression morph from near embarrassment to full alarm. She darted over to the side of the stretcher-bed and clamped a protective hand around Jaime's forearm. "There is a spider infestation in the Varys Hotel, Doctor Qyburn, and I'm afraid more patients are coming in. Since Mr. Lannister is in no immediate danger, I will administer the anti-venom to free you for more serious cases."

Twitch.

Doctor Qyburn hesitantly nodded, glancing longingly at the sheet covering Jaime's lower half.

Jaime sighed and relaxed a little, Doctor Tarth's commanding presence a comfort in these bizarre circumstances. "Thank you," he mumbled.

"Of course," she said, squeezing his arm very lightly, then lifting her hand to place on his forehead. "Good, no fever."

Twitch.

"Oh dear, the swelling might be increasing," Doctor Qyburn said with a wide smile.

Before Jaime could stop him, the doctor whipped the sheet away to expose Jaime's condom-and-chopstick encased swollen purple dick.

"My, I haven't seen a case of spider bite causing priapism!" Doctor Qyburn exclaimed.

Jaime couldn't look. He couldn't see Doctor Tarth stare at his dick, even though he knew she was.

"The splint is making it worse," she said with a professional tone. "I need to remove it to relieve pressure."

"No!" Jaime shouted.

"Mr. Lannister, you really must comply or there could be lasting effects," she chastised, washing quickly in the sink and snapping gloves on.

Jaime groaned, knowing he couldn't stop the madness.

He felt her gentle touch peel the condom away, then the chopstick halves. There was a distinct relief from the absence of his cock corset, but then....

Twitch.

Her finger slid along his length where the spider bite was located, but he barely noticed that anymore.

Twitch. 

"Hmm," Doctor Qyburn purred like an old sadistic cat. "I'm not sure this is priapism."

Then Doctor Tarth's hand was gone, and he caught her wide blue eyes staring at him.  



by bearsofair



Jaime swallowed hard and took a steading breath as both he and Dr. Tarth averted their eyes away from one another uncomfortably. She was a doctor wasn’t she? Surely she knew the effects that a touch—any kind of touch could have on the male body. Surely, she knew that anything that would…arise between them was strictly platonic.

Dr. Qyburn finally broke the uncomfortable silence that had settled upon the hospital room. “The anti-venom will be administered through a shot in the arm. We will also need to apply an antiseptic as well as a topical ointment to the site of the bite to reduce the chance of infection. Are you sure, you wouldn’t prefer me to administer the medical attention, Mr. Lannister?” asked Dr. Qyburn almost eagerly, his eyes drifting down to Jaime’s traitorous appendage. “I’ve never seen a funnel spider bite on such a…unique area. It would be a privilege to treat such an interesting case,” said Dr. Qyburn looking at him earnestly.

Jaime had to admit, the thought of Dr. Qyburn’s bony hands on his cock would likely be enough to combat any unwanted excitement…but it would also probably be enough to cause his cock to completely retract itself into his body.

Jaime looked back to Dr. Tarth who was taking great pains to look anywhere but at him, still blushing furiously. And when he inexplicably felt himself twitch without her even touching him this time, he decided that maybe it would be best if he just bit the bullet and opted for Dr. Qyburn instead, to save himself from further embarrassment.

Jaime sighed and said, “Well, Dr. Qyburn, I think—“

He was immediately interrupted by the clatter of a gurney speeding down the hallway, being pushed by several EMTs. He could see that a giant of a man was stretched across it. The man’s feet were dangling over the edge, and he emitted an occasional angry sounding groan of pain.

“Dr. Qyburn!” called one of the EMTs. “You’re expertise is urgently needed for this particular case!” Jaime saw a gleam in Dr. Qyburn’s eye, and that disturbing look of eagerness again. Dr. Qyburn was immediately on his feet, but he turned to pause in the doorway. "I’m sorry Mr. Lannister, but I’m afraid I won’t be able to assist you today. I’ll leave you to Dr. Tarth. You’ll be in great hands. That’s what I’m afraid of, thought Jaime.

“Uh, ok then. Let’s begin,” said Dr. Tarth busying herself with the syringes. Jaime took this opportunity to try to force himself to think of the most boner killing thoughts he could imagine. Ok, ok, he thought. What’s a turn off? One would think getting bit on the cock by a spider would be enough, but apparently not…

Eventually Dr. Tarth turned back to him and cleaned a patch of skin on his arm with a gentle, feather light touch that made him shiver. “This shouldn’t cause you any more pain than…than you’re experiencing elsewhere at the moment,” she said as she administered the shot.

She then began preparing an antiseptic medical wipe, and when she was ready, she looked him in the eye for the first time since his body had betrayed him earlier. This was it. The moment had come. “Mr. Lannister,” she said with every bit of professionalism that she could muster. “You know, there’s nothing to be ashamed of. I’m a doctor. If you begin to feel any…sensations, just know that it's normal,” she said. “Perfectly normal,” she repeated again, almost as if she was trying to convince herself.

“Thank you, Dr. Tarth. I understand completely. But I’m sure we’ll have no further problems,” he said almost as if he was trying to convince himself.

“Alright then. Here we go,” she said. And then he felt her as she gingerly took his cock in her hands.

Jaime’s breath caught in his throat, his eyes slammed shut, he threw his head back against the gurney with a groan, and much to his horror and hers, the words, “Oh, gods, yes!” tumbled from his lips.  




(gif by WackyGoofball)
  



by december13



He froze.
 I didn't... No, I didn't just... No! Gods of the above and under, please, help me! 
He hated himself. If he wasn't so handsome and fond of living he would've died out of embarrassment. Or from jumping off the cliff... Or... Nah, dying was out of question!
 "Who am I to deny myself to the world?" 
He silently cursed the tall, blonde, leggy...  No, not leggy... Ugly is the word I'm looking for ... doctor...
 "What is she doing to me?! It's not like she is a looker. More like ungainly creature with a face only a blind mother could love... With huge, manly hands. And her hair is... not pretty! What kind of the name Brienne is? She's more of a Brian. And who decides to study the spiders and their effect on humans? Stupid women stupidly named Brienne, who are giving me hard on, that's who!" 
He knew that escape route was needed and needed fast.
 "Where, in all the hells, is Bronn?!?!" 

Jaime coughed and tried slowly to steer his body away from the woman that was, instead of helping him, causing him great pain and also great something else. His mind conjured Brienne's big, blue eyes going wide and in a instant he felt his...  temperature ... rising.
 "Fuck!" 
He heard her breath going in a staccato. Did she notice the change? Did she like it? And if she did, well, what did it mean? That maybe, just maybe, she wasn't appalled and maybe, just maybe, her own silly, sexually frustrated brain was thinking in the same line his was?
He gave her a quick look and he saw a breathless, red faced doctor sitting still in a chair next to him. He was certain she was redder than a lobster...  Stupid sexy lobster!  Her hands were on her lap and he could have sworn they trembled a bit. Her mouth slightly open. She was biting her...
 "Fuck!" 
In a second his thoughts went to her plump lips, his mind going in an overdrive imagining the feel of them and of her tongue on his... traitor...
Yes, that was the good word for what was happening to him! His body and his mind were betraying him! They were a traitorous bunch! They should be prosecuted for treason! They should burn in flames! The flames of burning... hot.. and fiery... and sweaty... and moaning...
"Fuck me!"

He needed the way out. And he needed it now!
His defense mechanisms went up.
He brought the big guns out.
Denial - activated.
Asshole Jaime - more than activated! 

"Calm yourself, doc. You're going to burst in flames."  Hot and fiery... No, brain, stay focused! 
"Mr. Lannister... I'm... I'm not sure what are you talking about."
"Please, you look like you're on a verge of having a heart attack."  Good, that's better, stay focused! There's nothing sexy about heart attack. 
"N-no, I'm fine. I'm really fine."
"Now, what is giving you such a trouble? Not little ol' me? Though, if I'm not mistaking, and I'm not, there's definitely nothing little going on in here."  Yes, keep it up, Jaime, just be your asshole self! 
"Mr. Lannister..."
"Yes, Ms Tarth? Now, is that a blush that I'm seeing? Don't tell me it's because of what is happening below my waist?"  Tread carefully, now, Jaime. 
"Mr. Lannister, I assure you - "
"You couldn't possibly think that you, yourself, gave me an erection... sorry, this reaction."  Carefully... 
"I... no, I mean..."
"Have you seen yourself?"  What the... 
"Excuse me?"
"You do realize that the only thing going up around you is the rate of men wanting not to look at you?" Stop now, this instant, stop!

It was like a cold bucket of water thrown her way. She gave him a look full of disdain, she slowly stood up, and walked out of his room.

 Fuck! I didn't mean... What was I... Fuck!!!  



 (meme by bearsofair)



by QuizzicalQuinnia



Jaime lay back on the stretcher, stunned by his own cruelty and really wanting to punch himself in the face at some point, maybe in the month of December.  Dr. Tarth had been nothing but kind and helpful. It wasn't her fault that her gentle touch overcame spider venom, mortification, and public scrutiny to give him a boner! And when had she told him her name? He couldn't remember with the fog of this shitstorm rushing through his mind. She must have mumbled it at some point when her blue-gloved fingers were stroking his cock.  Twitch.  Shit.  He lurched into a sitting position and swung his legs over the bed's edge, wrapping the sheet around his waist and gripping it with one hand behind his back. He didn't allow himself to stop and think as he rushed out of the hospital room and down the hallway where he'd seen her retreat. Her tall muscled form was nowhere to be seen, dammit.  He almost ran into a nurse, and then another who began to ask him where he thought he was going, but he kept scuttling along in his bare feet and awkward pose because of the sheet. He rounded a corner and finally spotted the good Dr. Tarth leaning against a wall at the end of the long hall. She clutched a clipboard and was diligently scribbling with a force Jaime could see even at that distance. He gulped and took a deep breath, stepping along on the sticky floor.  She didn't look up as he approached, not until his shadow fell on her clipboard. Her eyes went wide when she spotted him, a grimace twisting her lips.  "I'm so sorry! Really! I'm so embarrassed, and I lash out when I'm embarrassed, and I didn't mean what I said. Not at all. I just...I...you were touching me...and...I'm so sorry. You've been very kind, and I'm not usually so awful because this version of me isn't as mean as it should be."  Her brows drew together. "What are you even saying?"  "I don't know!" He spoke far too loudly, taking a step toward her. "I'm just sorry, and Brienne is a very pretty name."  "What?" she hissed.  He took one more step. "Forgive me?" Another step.  A door to his right burst open, and a huge metal cart pushed by an orderly ran straight into Jaime's side. His body hit the opposite wall. He spun to get out of the way, but the orderly lost control of the cart filled with cups of jiggling red jello. It rolled speedily at Jaime. He darted to the left, but the cart pursued him like a rapid dog bent on mortal destruction! It clipped him, right in the dick.  Jaime howled, sinking against the wall as his already wounded and over-stimulated dick pulsed with this new assault. The orderly spit obscenities as he tried to regain control of the cart, and when he yanked it back, one wheel caught on the sheet around Jaime's waist, the edge dragging on the floor.  The cart wildly swung the other way before the caught fabric made it fall on its side, ripping the sheet clear away as the orderly fell over his metal beast and into a pile of jello. Dr. Tarth...Brienne...leapt away, skirting the disaster as she moved toward Jaime. He saw her coming, watched through the slits that were his eyes how she danced around the chaos on nimble feet, how the hideous grimace twisting her lips morphed into an o-shaped expression of worry and probably how she looked when...  She reached down to help him, but the orderly kicked against the cart to free himself from the jello, and it skated toward her long scrub-encased legs, spitting jello every which way.  She slipped. She began falling backward as her feet flew out in front of her. Noooooo!!!!  He slid along the floor, naked and unafraid! He got to her before she hit the floor and grabbed her around the waist so her body would fall on him and not the floor. She landed with a mighty thud that knocked the wind out of his lungs, her stomach against his, her chest against his, her legs twined with his and her wide blue eyes staring into his.  He was in enormous pain and was now pretty much crushed by impact and dick injuries. But...  She squirmed and tried to lever herself up.  Twitch.  Shit.  Her wide eyes blew wider. She could feel everything, he knew. He was naked and covered in jello, and her body was right there.   He shrugged and grinned. 



by ellethom



The red jello was everywhere.The entire emergency room hallway looked like a crime scene. He stared over the shoulder of the woman on top of him, still squirming and doing nothing to relieve the constant and steady pulse that was now wavering between sweet torture and exquisite pain.“Stop. Moving.” He said through clenched teeth. The wenchy Doctor had the nerve to squeak as she moved her legs trying to gain purchase enough to stand.“Seriously, Doc, you gotta stop moving or this isn't going to end honorably for either of us.”“Your injury--” She stammered, her arms waving and her hands sliding along the sweet smelling gore. “Is the least of the problem right now.” The idiot moved again, Jaime brought his hand to her side to still her. “I really think it's better for both of us if you just enjoy the ride.”“There is no ride, Mr. Lannister. This is no laughing matter. I am adding undue pressure to your infected area. This could cause permanent damage.”“It’s gonna cause even more damage if you try to get up and land on me again.” Though, he thought to himself, that would not be unpleasant.Wait, where did that thought come from?Unbidden?The orderly who had been bringing the cursed gelatinous horde, attempted to slide over to assist in a rescue.It didn't work.“I-” he tried looking to either side of the hallway. “I think I should go and get some help.” “Ya think?” Jaime bit, still vacillating in waves of pleasure and pain that were sure to lead more time on a shrink’s couch. The gangly teenager moved around the spilled dessert as if it were toxic sludge.It probably was. “It's all right, Pod.” Brienne said over her shoulder, reading the boy’s name tag. “Just go and get some help.”The boy ran off down the hallway and hit the code button at the corner. Brienne angled er torso in an attempt to move off of her patient. “You’re...poking me in the thigh.” She whispered like they weren't the only people hanging out in the middle of a jello trashed hospital hallway. “You must be in pain.”He wondered if the color creeping around her head and neck was a blush, or just more jello.“You’ve got jello in your hair.” he said with an easy smile. “I’m gonna need a bath after this.” Brienne whined. “And clothes. New clothes.”“Maybe we’ll get lucky and they’ll just hose the hallway around us.” That really was a blush now. Unmistakeable. Jaime could not stop himself before he spoke again. “I could scrub your back.”She frowned, but turned a shade of red that made Jaime wonder about flushes instead of blushes. Hurried footsteps in the hallway rounded the corner. The jello was drying now, and instead of slipping, Jaime realized they were now stuck.Together.It was going to be painful when they were extracted, but what sweet bliss.



by bearsofair



The sound of footsteps rapidly approaching.

“This way, sir!” echoed the voice of the gangly boy named Pod.

“This better be damn important enough to drag me away from my busy schedule,” replied a deep, irritated voice.

Dr. Tarth’s head shot up, her big blue eyes wide in panic as she stared down the hallway behind him.

“No. This is not happening! Anyone but him!” she exclaimed. She then turned her attention back to Jaime. “You are not ruining this for me. If the chief of medicine finds us like this, he’ll make my life a living hell! Quick! Before Dr. Bolton sees us!”

And with that, she made an effort to disentangle her long limbs from his naked body. As she began to remove her jello covered body from his, a sticky sucking noise filled the space between them as skin peeled away from skin. For a split second she was straddled across his naked hips, and he savored the site of her looming above him. Wait…savored? No, definitely not. He wasn’t thinking clearly in his current...state. It was just that he found this tightly wound jello covered doctor so amusing! Right?

Dr. Tarth made an effort to remove herself from him, and he felt a satisfying jolt of both pleasure and pain as the length of him grazed along her thigh one last time, sticky, tender skin and all. His breath caught in his throat again, but she clapped a hand over his mouth. “Quiet!” she hissed, before suddenly jerking him to his feet with strong, capable arms. She shrugged off her jello stained white doctor’s coat and shoved it into his hands. “Cover yourself!” she said nodding to his lower body. He did as he was told, and couldn’t help but notice that Dr. Tarth was now left wearing a silky blue top that matched the color of her eyes, and revealed the ever so slight curves that had been hidden beneath her loose fitting doctors coat.

He must have stared for a moment too long, because the next moment Dr. Tarth had grasped him by the wrist and began dragging him towards the opposite end of the hallway, away from the rapidly approaching Dr. Boton. They slip-slided through the jello for a few paces, but when they were out of the mess, Dr. Tarth broke into a full sprint and he found himself struggling to keep. He was doing his best to clutch the coat around his waist with one hand, while his feet continued to stick to the linoleum floor with every step.

She pulled him into an alcove and peered around the corner to see if anyone is coming.

“Where are we going!” he managed to huff, trying to catch his breath.

“I’m going to get the both of us cleaned up before anyone notices, I’m going to give you the medical attention you still need, and then I’m going to go home and pretend this day never happened!’

“Well, that’s rude. I thought we were having a nice time!” he argued. She scoffed and rolled her eyes.

“Come on, the coast is clear,” she said pulling him back into the hallway.

Just then a door swung open further down the hallway and Dr. Qyburn strolled out, completely absorbed with whatever was on his clipboard. “Fascinating. Just fascinating!” he muttered to himself. “Thanks to the marvels of modern medicine, I think he’ll make a full recovery...more or less.”

Dr. Tarth froze in her tracks. They were trapped now with Dr. Qyburn coming toward them, and Dr. Bolton likely still on their heels. They were all out of options.

“Well, Doc., we had a good run." It was fun while it lasted,” quipped Jaime. I guess it’s time to face,–” but he never finished his thought. Her face was set in determination, and her sticky hand was back on his wrist pulling him towards a door. She flung it open, pushed him inside, and quickly followed, closing the door behind him.

She was pressed tightly against him in the dark room, and he became very aware of the sweet cherry scent of her skin.

“Are we…are we in a broom closet?” he whispered. 



by QuizzicalQuinnia



Jaime realized almost instantly that being stuck in a broom closet with the wench doctor was going to be very, very bad for his...psyche.

The only light filtered through gaps between the cheap door and its frame, and he could barely see at all. That didn't stop him from knowing exactly where the good doctor stood: facing him and so close the heat of her body permeated his skin, clammy from the jello-slash-floor incident and also from hobbling around half naked for what seemed like ten years.

He leaned back against the closet wall behind him, to put as much space between them as possible. A mop handle shifted and scraped its way across the plaster.

"Shh!" she warned in a hissing whisper.

Jaime squirmed, restless for some reason. His thigh brushed hers. One leg was almost lodged between hers, in fact, and if he stood up straight and moved a little...

He had a strange revelation which smacked him in the face, metaphorically speaking. Or smacked him in the dick? It certainly wouldn't be the first time that day! He played with the revelation inside the safety of his mind, gave it shape like a ball he could bounce around and test its entertainment value. He wanted to flirt with her. That was the weirdest thing! Her, the giant, manly, grimacing wenchy spider freak!

Voices filtered through the door, right outside. Jaime recognized the borderline-creepy enthusiasm of Dr. Qyburn engaging with another man who had a deep, aristocratic tone that exuded command.

"So many reports to file!" Dr. Qyburn said. "This surge in bites and stings is rather alarming."

"Is that hotel still a problem?" the aristocrat asked.

Thoughts of the hotel and his suite where the good Dr. Tarth had so professionally handled his...situation, only redirected Jaime's thought to exactly what she had handled. Was that a twitch? No, it couldn't be!

"More than before. Doctor Tarth is there at least once per day," Qyburn confirmed.

The aristocrat huffed. "I suppose there's no one else to send. My request for another specialist has not been granted."

"There aren't many arachnid specialists still working. I suppose, we're fortunate to have one." Qyburn defended Brienne half-heartedly.

It irritated Jaime. Dr. Tarth was certainly competent, and she had known exactly what to do about hid bitten dick, right away. Jaime wondered what she was thinking as she listened, and then he wondered what she would think of his dick when it wasn't purple in the bad way, and swollen in the bad way, and deformed by a gross bite. No, that shouldn't matter! He was supposed to be on holiday, supposed to go to clubs and bars, drink and sweet-talk willing women in tight dresses! Even clingy blue tops the exposed well-toned shoulders!

Twitch. Dammit!

"I do not want to be the first administrator to allow a woman to head an entire department. My hand has been forced by these recent events, and I fear I have no choice if we aren't to lose funding." The aristocrat's tone suggested absolute disgust.

Qyburn laughed. "At least it's a department of only three people."

"Yes, at least that. See to those reports." The aristocrat already began walking away judging by the clipped footsteps.

There was an audible sigh before Qyburn, too, walked away.

Jaime was infuriated at the men's conversation, but also at his dick. He wanted to flirt with her to make her feel better. He wanted to make his dick feel better. Maybe by stepping into the warmth of her slightly-parted long legs...

"Huh," Jaime muttered to himself.

"I told you shh!" she whisper-hissed again, lightly punching him in the general location of his shoulder. Instead, her meaty fist landed over his heart. He reached up sluggishly to soothe the area despite the fact that the blow hadn't hurt one bit. Her hand was still near, and he caught it, pressing it against his chest, though he didn't know why exactly.

"They're gone," he said in an almost-normal tone. "And they're jackasses."

She was silent for a moment, then jerked her hand away. "Yes, that's true."

"So you're worried that if that walking dick of a snob sees the mess I've caused, he'll think you're not suited for this hospital and find a reason to replace you?" Jaime stopped leaning and stood upright, feeling her breath on his cheek.

"Well...yes." She whispered still. "You heard him. I'm a last resort, but I'll take it if it means I can finally direct the appropriate staff about these bite outbreaks. It's all handled ridiculously."

She spoke passionately, but Jaime hardly processed her words. A sliver of light from the door crack had landed right there on her face, illuminating her brilliant blue eyes. They were all he could see. Literally and figuratively. 

She gasped abruptly. "You've still not had the anti-venom! I'm so sorry!" She grabbed his arm and opened the door just a crack, her body leaning close and nearly plastered against his.

He sniffed her hair. He was now a thirteen year old boy with some sort of a doctor/patient complex and a raging, out of control dick.

"Come on," she said, dragging him from the closet and down the hall in such a rush that he nearly slipped in his bare feet.

"What are we going to do?" he asked, her and himself equally, because he was beginning to embrace the idea of flirting with her quite mercilessly and didn't want that to end.

"We're going to get you the anti-venom, and then we're going to clean you up and find you some pants, and then I'm going to find out why the Varys hotel has so suddenly developed a poisonous spider problem." She nodded with each of her points, direct and professional.

A plan formed in his dick-occupied mind.

"Start in my room," he said, casually. Breezy even!

"What?" she glanced back over her shoulder.

"Scene of the crime," he shrugged. "Find how the spider got into my toilet, follow the trail."

He watched as she considered the idea. Yes, it seemed he could use logic to his advantage...

She nodded just before she yanked him back into his assigned room and closed the door. "All right. I have to start somewhere."  



by ikkiM
Chapter by bearsofair, coolhandjennie, Coraleeveritas, december13, ellethom, GumTree, ikkiM, Pleistocene, QuizzicalQuinnia, silver_spring
Chapter Notes
I'm sorry about the names clusterf*ck...the chapters are by one author each and it's the one behind the "Chapter number" one



Brienne was relieved when she finally had the golden god cleaned, clothed and propped up in bed in a private room with an IV sticking out of his arm, ensuring that he was getting a full and complete dose of the anti-venom. She only wished he would shut up. Since their escape from the closet, the man had been talking non-stop. He asked about spiders, her work, if she’d considered a hot oil treatment for her hair, to describe her workout routine and on. She’d thought the shot she’d given him earlier would have a relaxing effect. She’d been wrong.

She’d just answered that her favorite way to eat shrimp was peel-and-eat when Dr. Bolton entered the room. Brienne could feel herself tensing up. Jaime reached out his free hand and tugged at the freshly acquired, and slightly ill-fitting, pink lab coat she’d found in the scrub room while locating him a hospital gown.

“Dr. Bolton,” she nodded.

“Dr……Tarth,” he responded. Bolton always seemed to have extra-long pauses between his words. It made her nervous. She was sure Bolton knew it made her nervous. They stared at one another.

Jaime’s finger poked her thigh. She glanced down at him, at her chart and then back to Dr. Bolton. She went into professional mode. “Dr. Bolton, Mr. Lannister is our third funnel web spider bite in the last few days. We are definitely going to need to order more anti-venom.”

“Mr……Lannister?,” Bolton responded.

Jaime nodded. “Yes, Jaime Lannister.”

“Of…the….Lannister….Corporation….related……….to…….Tywin…….Lannister?” Bolton asked.

Jaime nodded sharply. “My father. Do you know him?”

“Yesssssss…..” Bolton hissed.

Jaime’s eyes became sharp. “Then you know how important it is that I be well cared for.”

Brienne furrowed her brow. She really didn’t understand what was happening between the two men. Bolton turned to her.

“Tarth….I’ll have Qyburn take….full responsibility….for the care of……Mr….Lannister…from here on out.”

Before she could respond, Jaime spoke up. “Absolutely not.” His eyes sparking emerald. “I’ll be treated by no one here at Pycelle General other than Dr. Tarth. I trust fully in her skills and no one else’s.”

Brienne was speechless. She didn’t need this man to stand up for her. She’d been fighting with Bolton for long enough, but it was nice to be defended and appreciated.

“Dr. ….Tarth is….junior to Dr. Qyburn,” Bolton responded.

Junior. He might have just as well called her incompetent from his dismissive tone. She gripped her pen, considering stabbing him in the neck. Jaime’s warm hand covered hers.

“Perhaps you misunderstood,” Jaime said. “Dr. Tarth will be staying with me. Not only here at the hospital, but she will be returning with me to the hotel to investigate this spider bite outbreak.”

Bolton drew back. “Mr….Lannister….I understand your….concern…but you should be careful of overplaying your…” Bolton looked slowly and deliberately at Jaime’s covered crotch, “…position.”

Jaime’s fingers tightened on hers. “My position is just fine. Dr. Tarth has taken excellent care of my position and no other physician will be examining my position while I’m here.”

Whatever that meant, Bolton seemed to accept defeat. He looked at her with his creepy clear eyes. “Tarth, do as your told,” he said without even the hint of an unnecessary pause and was gone. Of course he didn’t clarify who was supposed to tell her what to do, but since the patient was paramount and the spider outbreak was the problem she would go back with him to the Varys once he was ready to go.

“That dude is fucking creepy,” Jaime said. “How do you stand him?”

She shrugged. “He’s my boss, but I’ve never seen him back down like that. Who are you?” She was sure it wasn’t the man’s incredible good looks that had impressed Bolton.

“Lannister. Jaime Lannister. Lannister Corp. Lannister Chemicals. Lannister Pharmaceuticals. Lannister Jewelry Company. Lannister Armaments. Lannister Shipping. I’m one of those Lannisters.”

“I thought those were all different companies?” she asked.

“Nope,” he responded cheerfully. “All under the umbrella of Lannister United. Or we might have changed names. We do that when there are allegations of monopoly and price fixing.”

He must be rich. Incredibly rich. Ridiculously rich. Rich enough to have each hair on his head separately treated so it would remain so glossy and smooth. Rich enough to have perfect teeth and perfect skin. She sighed. He was still genetically blessed with incredible good looks. She checked the IV.

“Your anti-vemon treatment is complete. The swelling and discoloration should be fully gone by now.” She blushed. “I’m going to have to check. “

He nodded and grinned, lying back in the bed, putting his hands behind his head. “Check all you want Doc. I can handle it.”

She looked for a moment at the ceiling, asking the seven to give her strength. He started to whistle cheerfully.

Brienne put on a latex glove, lifted the sheet and bent over for a look. She was just lifting his disturbingly mobile penis to check the underside when the door opened and a slightly sleazy looking man stepped in looked at Jaime in the bed and her hand under the sheet to examine him. The man rolled his eyes and spoke, “Oi, fuckin’A Lannister. Didja have to come to the hospital to getcha a handie?”  



by justme



Fucking Bronn.

Now he showed up? Now when he was neither wanted nor needed?! Jaime barely suppressed another groan, one of frustration. Where had Bronn been when he'd been attacked by that vicious arachnoid? Probably looking for someone to handle his own, unbitten dick, that's where. Well, if nothing else, his appearance took care of the twitching.

"Excuse me sir but you need to step outside. I'm examining this patient." Dr Tarth said, pulling her hands out from under the blanket. Damn!

"That what you call it these days? Gotta remember that. Playing doctor and nurse, in a hospital no less. You are one kinky fooker, Lannister, I'll give you that. No wonder you need a specialty hook--"

"Bronn!" Jaime bellowed before his employee and right now definitely not friend could do more damage with his loose mouth.

"What? You're making your brother proud."

"That is your brother?" Dr Tarth looked doubtfully from one to the other and back again. Jaime shook his head.

"No, that's my bodyguard. My brother is younger. And smaller. And not soon-to-be unemployed."

"Now, that's no way to show gratitude. I've brought you clothes. Someone called and said you were naked in hospital but to be released?"

Bronn lifted a big plastic bag and shook it.

"Well, at least you finally showing your face is not completely worthless."

While he certainly had no problem anymore showing the good doctor his assets, walking around naked in front of Bronn was not on Jaime's list of things to do. Ever.

"Gimme. And turn around. Or better yet, leave us."

"Uh..I'll get your paperwork ready while you change." Dr Tarth quickly announced. "The discoloration has indeed gone and the swelling is minimal. You're good to go. I'd recommend loose pants, though."

"Not gonna be a problem." Bronn nodded.

Brienne picked up her clipboard and starting to jot things down went for the nurse's station while Jaime behind her made hand motions for his bodyguard to turn the other way while he walked to the bathroom to change. It must've taken him a while to get the other man to comply, because he was still in there when she came back with a wheelchair.

"Oh seven hells! Bronn!!" Jaime's angry voice came from behind the closed door.

The bodyguard merely chuckled.

"What is that? These are not my clothes!"

"Nope. I was not at the hotel when the call came. Stopped at a tourist shop on the way."

"I'm not wearing that!"

"You're gonna have to if you want to leave any time soon. Look at the bright side: No one's gonna recognize you like that. You want out of here, put 'em on!"

There was grumbling from the bathroom and then the faint rustling of fabric. Bronn turned to Brienne.

"So...doc? A spider really got him in the junk? While he was shitting?"

"Uhm..I don't know about the defecation, but a spider did indeed bite Mister Lannister on his genitals."

"Fook." The older man shook his head in sympathy.

"He's recovering though. There should be no lasting damage to his tissue. We've administered antivenom in time."

"That's good. I mean, not like he had much use for it lately, but--"

The bathroom door opened and a very disgruntled Jaime walked out. He wore neon green flip-flops, boardshorts in pink with little yellow palm trees on them and a white t-shirt with a koala bear and the words I'm an animal in bed printed on. 

"Not one word. Let's just leave." he hissed in Bronn's direction. The bodyguard raised his hands placatingly and turned to Brienne with a wink.

"Wait until he sees the rental car." 
 



by december13



Brienne was mortified.

"Doc, are you OK? You look weird... well, weirded out."

"No, it's... It says PussyWagon... I can't be seen riding The PussyWagon".

Jaime raised his eyebrow... seems he was doing that often, lately. "Is there something else that you would prefer to ride?"

"Something opposite of Pussy?" she mumbled then looked up as both men stood dead in their tracks. "What?"

It seemed as the two of them were shaken out of whatever trance they were in. Jaime laughed while Bronn just snorted and turned to him, "She is one of those... how do they call them... innocents?"

"Seems like it." Brienne blushed not understanding the sudden gleam in Jaime's eyes.

"Lannister, you are gone... Now who would have thought that a little bite and a trip to a hospital would do wonders to your... ehem, health problems."

"Shut it, Bronn!"

"Health problems? Mr. Lannister I specifically asked if you had any lasting health issues!"

"I don't have health issu-"

"Oh, I can't wait to report back to the imp... And it's little problems, doc, nothing huge, as I'm told."

"You would do no such thing! ... And there is nothing little about me!"

"So you do have some problems with your health?"

"No, Doc, I don't..."

"He is worried, Lannister. He told me to call him as soon as you are released from hospital."

"And why does he know I was in a hospital?"

"He is listed as your emergency contact. This was an emergency. So I had to call him... emergently."

"You are enjoying this far too much!"

"That I am, goldenboy."

"So, wait, you don't have health issues?"

Jaime looked at Brienne's doctor-face. "No, I don't. I wouldn't lie to you about something like that, Doc."

"Don't worry, doctor. I was just teasing... No health problems at all... It's just that his mood is constantly down."

"Oh, well, have you seen a therapist? They have a certain medications that..."

"It's not that kind of therapist or the pills that he needs, doc. Although, those little blue ones..."

"Shut up, Bronn!!!"

"Yes, ser, Lannister, ser... Would everyone enter the PussyWagon?"

Brienne blushed harder than before.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"It smells... strange in here."

"Keeping it with the theme, doc!"

"What do you mean?"

"Heh, really innocent... Well, we're in a Puss-"

"Shut up, Bronn!!!"

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"I know we're almost at the hotel, but would you care for some music?"

"If it's not a bother."

"Lannister?"

"Music is fine."

ta-ta-taaa-ta-ta-taa

"Oh, a Spiderman theme! I love it!"

"BRONN!!!"
 
 



(moodboard by effulgentgirl)



by QuizzicalQuinnia




Bronn pulled up directly in front of the Varys Hotel in the PussyWagon, blaring innapropriate-for-public-hearing pop songs about swamps and anacondas. 

Jamie would have chuckled if not for the beet-red doctor sitting next to him. Her hands were folded primly over her lap, her body as stiff as it could be. She looked totally flooded with embarrassment.

"I have to get out of this vehicle," she said with clipped syllables.

"Then it's fortunate we've arrived." Jaime grinned at her.

She twisted her head and glared right back. "No, I mean that I will be seen climbing out of this...
  
wagon

, at a place where I must be professional."

"Ah, I see." Jaime nodded sagely, feeling just a 
  
little 

bit bad for the poor stuck-up prude. "I'll get out first and create a distraction, then you get out the other side. No one will see."

"You would do that?" she asked with a raised brow and wide, bright blue eyes.

He shrugged. He sort of wanted to give her a beautiful white horse and some kind of suit that would scream,
  
 I've got a wealthy patron who will protect me at all costs

, but he couldn't quite figure out how to manage that. 

He waited for her to nod, shyly and not looking at him. "Bronn!" he demanded.

"I'm right here, 
  
boss

. What you want?" Bronn's tone was snide as usual. 

"We're creating a diversion. Follow." Jaime eased himself out of the car. He had to admit that his dick-al region was complaining despite the reduced inflammation. The doorman couldn't quite cover his surprise when he spotted Jaime waddling over, wearing his extremely loud attire.

Bronn stood close, rocking on his heels with his hands folded behind his back. He snapped his attention to the corner of the awning. "Look! Is that an emu?!"

The doorman jumped and stared at the definite absence of emu.

"What are you doing?" Jaime whispered.

Bronn shrugged. "You told me to create a diversion, fooker."

"Not like that!" Jaime cleared his throat, but as the doorman was still examining the awning, which in no way could possibly hold the weight of an emu, he caught sight of Brienne..
  
Doctor Tarth

...casually but briskly march into the hotel. 

"Huh," Jaime murmured. "Bronn! Come on."

Jaime followed the good doc inside. She waited near the elevators, not looking at him but not 
  
not 

looking at him. It was just a feeling he had. Did she want to look at him? Did she want to look at his dick again? 

The elevator doors slid open, and she stepped in. Bronn snuck around Jaime and settled a corner where he could lean. Jaime had not known that he was claustrophobic. He never had been before, but when he joined the others in the elevator car, it seemed ridiculously small. He could smell the tobacco and ale that followed Bronn everywhere, and beneath that, the clean soap scent of the doctor.

"Thank you," she said just as they were completely enclosed with no hope of escape.

"Oh, sure. Of course."

"It's just, I have to work here until the spider problem is resolved, and if the hotel were to complain...Doctor Bolton doesn't need much reason to let me go." She spoke nervously, in a low tone.

"Perfectly understandable," he said as cheerily as possible.

"There aren't many who would," she said.

"I'm not many. I'm only me." He glanced over at her, and was surprised to find her looking at him.

"So when are you two gonna fook?" Bronn's loud voice pierced the new camaraderie.

Brienne turned more red than ever before. Jaime couldn't help himself. He shoved Bronn against the wall, not with any real violence, but with plenty of irritation. "Don't be crass!"

"Have you met me?" Bronne offered.

Blessedly, the door slid open on Jaime's floor. He stepped out into the long hallway, and out of the corner of his eye, he spotted a flutter of movement not far down. He traced it as moved closer and closer.

"Um..." he mumbled as he felt Brienne step beside him. "That's a spider. It's large. It's a very, very large spider."

Her hand reached out to grip his arm. He didn't think she knew she did it. "Mouse spider!"

Bronn's body shot past them like a cannonball "I don't do rodents!" He darted down the hall with his words trailing behind him.

Jaime lost his balance since Bronne has clipped his shoulder, and he fell against Brienne, who wasn't prepared for the weight. She slammed against the opposite wall where Jaime's body landed flush against hers, face to face. She stared at him. He stared at her.


Twitch

. 
 



by justme



There were times in a man's life where decisions had to be made and priorities set. Jaime found himself at such a time right now. Here he was, with the doctor that made his recovering, but probably still slightly sick dick twitch, no one around and their mouths only inches apart. It would take only a slight movement of his head to be kissing her and he had the feeling that, provided she didn't slap him for it, it would be all kinds of awesome. But, they were also in the world's most spider-infested hotel, trying to find out why all these creepy eight-legged bastards fluttered around like they owned the place (which at this point they probably did, strength in numbers and all that). Furthermore, who knew what his dick would do if he actually kissed her? So far, she'd only looked at him or touched his junk without intending to be sexy and those twitches were..intense. Poor Jaime 2.0 likely couldn't handle any more right now.

And so with a sigh and a last, lingering look at the big and soft looking lips right in front of him, Jaime drew back.

"Let's go find the root of all this evil."

The sooner they did, the sooner Jaime could check out of Spiderpalace and find himself a decent hotel where a man could take a dump without having to fear for his..sword. Also, once this was over with, Doctor Tarth probably had some free time coming up. Time during which she could go for dinner with him, show him around town, maybe give him some after-treatment..there were lots of occasions or reasons he could think of to see her again. It went without saying that he was going to do his best to get her to agree to go on a date with him. Sick as his junk may have been, all this twitching meant something; his dick clearly had a message for him and Jaime was willing to listen.

"Right." Doctor Tarth nodded, pushing off the wall. Jaime unlocked the door to his room and let her enter first. Because he was a gentleman, not because he wanted to check out her legs and firm ass.

Twitch!

Okay, perhaps that last twitch had been his dick calling him a liar..

"It happened in the bathroom, correct?" she asked over her shoulder.

"Yes."

"Your..bodyguard..said it was the toilet specifically?"

"Uh...yes."

Jaime made a mental note to kill Bronn. Twice. Once for telling Doctor Brienne about getting bit while on the crapper and also for the outfit he was currently wearing. Speaking of which..

"Do you mind if I change real quick?"

"Go ahead, I will examine the toilet."

She went towards the bathroom and Jaime hauled his suitcase onto the bed. With a crisp white shirt and his favorite faded-out jeans he immediately felt much more self-assured. Rolling the sleeves up to the elbows, he followed into the bathroom where Brienne was kneeling in front of the loo. Jaime couldn't help but smirk at the way she was presenting her backside without realizing it.

Twitch!

Message received loud and clear.

"I can't see any webs behind the toilet, the spider must indeed have crawled out of the piping system. On the bright side it means once you close the lid, you should not be getting more of them in your room. Just make sure to check before you sit down."

"I'm certainly not going to be sitting down anymo--OH GOOD GODS!"

That couldn't have been his voice. His voice was deep and manly and not sounding like a winded prepubescent boy.

Brienne looked up, startled.

"What? What is it?"

"It's their overlord! In the corner!"

Jaime still didn't sound like himself, but he was past caring. He pointed his index finger towards the ceiling where the biggest spider he had ever seen was hanging out, not giving a fuck about them. Yet.

"Goodness! A huntsman spider." Brienne said.

That thing was not a spider. That thing was a dick killer. And as if it had heard Jaime's thoughts, it began to move.   



by ikkiM



Brienne resisted as Jaime, as she was now resigned to calling him, tried to pull her out of the bathroom, to apparent safety. She turned to him coolly as he hopped from one foot to another behind her. “The huntsman spider is not particularly dangerous to humans. In fact, they are very helpful with rodent control.”

He squeaked in reply, “They eat rodents? Oh fuck. Fuck. Holy fuck. It’s a giant dog eating spider.”

She held back her laugh. “A dog isn’t a rodent. That huntsman isn’t going to bite you unless you annoy it. Now go in the bedroom and I’ll take care of it.”

“It bites?” he gurgled, his hands reflexively covering his recently bitten genitalia.

“It’s fine. Go in the bedroom,” she tried to shoo him out the door before his panic dance frightened the spider.

He took a breath and seemed to calm himself. “I can’t leave you in here alone, Doc. I have to protect you.”

She blinked at him. No one tried to protect her. From anything. Ever. She felt a distinct lurching in her chest. She hadn’t hand lunch. That was it. She gently turned Jaime around and shoved him out the door. “You protected me from Bolton. I’ll protect you this spider. It’ll be fine. I promise.”

He looked over his shoulder as he reluctantly left the bathroom, seeming unwilling to leave her side, yet desperate to protect his manhood, both literally and figuratively. She shut the door behind him. No sense in chancing the speedy huntsman escaping. She opened the cabinet beneath the sink and rummaged through the supplies. She found a roll of duct tape, what was that doing in a hotel room? and a plunger.

With one eye on the spider, she covered the suction cup area of the plunger with duct tape, creating a supremely sticky surface. Thanking the seven for long arms, she stretched up to the ceiling and with a quick jab, was able to capture the spider. The poor thing was stuck to the plunger, its legs flailing in an attempt to free itself.

“Jaime,” she called through the door.

“Are you safe? Do you need me to come in? Do I need to call the police? An ambulance? Fuck. I should have called an ambulance. Bronn’s on his way,” he responded.

“Jaime, calm down. Do you still have the plastic bag for drying cleaning?” she asked.

“Let me check,” he answered. “Okay yeah.”

“All right. I want you to hold the bag open. I’m going to open the door. Now the spider is stuck to the end of the plunger I’m holding. I’m going to drop the plunger in the bag. We are going to close it up and then once it’s closed, we can smash the spider, alright? Can you do that for me?”

“Fuck. Yes. Are you okay?”

“I’m fine,” she responded, although there was that odd lurchy feeling whenever he acted protective. She really needed to get some food. “I’m opening the door now. Have the bag open and ready.”

“I’m ready. Let’s do this.”

As fast as she could, she opened the door and dropped the plunger in the plastic laundry bag. Jaime sealed it and then quickly, and with more vehemence than necessary, proceeded to smash the end of the plunger to the floor. Repeatedly. When it seemed he wasn’t going to stop, she put a hand on his arm. “It’s dead by now. You don’t need to beat it to a pulp.”

Jaime dropped the bag of toilet plunger and spider guts and pulled her into his arms. He pressed his body against her with his hot mouth on her neck. “Never, ever put yourself in danger like that again, Doc. Never. I couldn’t take it if I lost you.”

She pulled back and blinked at him. Then his hot mouth was on hers, kissing, nibbling, teasing, licking, and the planes of his body molded to hers perfectly. Maybe it was the stress, or maybe it was the intoxicating scent of his shampoo, but she gave in to the kiss and wrapped her arms around him, letting her tongue seek out his.

She felt his hands tugging at her shirt, pulling it from her waistband and then one hand was on the bare skin back while the other was inching up her rib cage, almost to the bottom edge of her bra.

“Fook, I thought it was a life and death emergency. Ya don’t need me here ta watch fook?”

Brienne pulled back the moment she heard the voice of Jaime’s companion. He was leaning against the doorway, leering at them. “We were not—I—we—you—-,” she stammered while Jaime looked at the man in annoyance.

“You’re late. When I say it’s an emergency, I mean it’s an emergency,” Jaime growled. “We’ve already taken care of it.”

The man, Bronn, raised his brows. “So didja call me in ta find ya a rubber or what? Did yer dick doc not bring any with her?”

Brienne narrowed her eyes. “Mr. Lannister should not engage in any sexual activity for at least forty-eight hours. And you were called in to dispose of this.” She reached down and grabbed the bag of spider remains and thrust it into his chest.

The man hefted it in one hand. “Sex toy disposal?” he asked with a disgusting leer.

“No,” she smiled coldly. “That’s the remains of a huntsman spider. One of the largest I’ve seen in a while. From leg to leg it was at least ten, maybe twelve inches. You should be careful with that. Take it out to the dumpster and get rid of it.” The sleazy man turned white. “Now.”

He scurried from the room.

Brienne stood with her hands on her hips in satisfaction at having put him in his place.

“Doc,” Jaime spoke softly beside her. “I don’t think I can wait forty-eight hours.” 



by bearsofair



Brienne shook her head a few times in an effort to pull herself out of her daze, and brought up a safer topic.

“Jaime. These spiders are an epidemic. Extreme action needs to be taken. This hotel needs to be fumigated before another incident occurs.”

Jaime placed a hand over his groin protectively as he scrunched up his face thoughtfully. “Yes. Yes, you’re right. We have to protect the others,” he whispered with a far off look in his eye.

---

They made their way to the front desk where Brienne demanded to speak to the manager of the hotel.

They were startled by a soft voice behind them. “Yesssss?” Brienne turned around and came face to face with a round, bald headed man with a ghost of a smile on his smooth face. “I’m Varys, the owner and manager of Varys Hotel.”

“Mr. Varys, I’m Dr. Brienne Tarth. You should know that I’ve had to treat this man who was unfortunate enough to receive a spider bite during his stay at your hotel. Are you aware that your hotel has a spider infestation, Mr. Varys? It would be a pity if another one of your guests suffered the same fate as Mr. Lannister here.” Jaime adamantly nodded in agreement at this. “I suggest you have your hotel evacuated, and that you look into fumigation immediately. I’ll write down my recommendations for proper procedure regarding the species that I’ve observed in your hotel” said Brienne jotting notes down on a pad of paper.

“While Mr. Lannister’s incident does sound unfortunate,” said Varys in mock concern. “I can’t simply turn my guests away. Think of the money I’ll lose!”

“Think of the money you’ll lose if I decide to sue you,” interjected Jaime. “Trust me, I have the means to make your life a financial hell.”

Varys took a moment to critically evaluate the two of them. “I’ll arrange it…immediately,” he, said snatching the paper out of Brienne’s hands before he disappeared down the hallway.

---

Back in Jaime’s room, Brienne sat on the edge of the bed and watched as Jaime packed his bags and made arrangements for Bronn to pick the two of them up. He hung up and turned his attention back to her.

“I must say, you handled that douche, Varys pretty well,” he said smirking at her.

“Me?” she grinned, “You were brilliant with you threats of a lawsuit!”

He chuckled lightly, and before she knew it, he was in front of her, reaching down to tuck a strand of hair behind her ear. The next moment he was easing her down on to the bed. It hadn’t been long since their previous kiss, but it felt so good to feel his lips move against hers once again.

She couldn’t say for certain how long they lay there intertwined and hungry for each other. She had just started running her fingers through his hair, and he had just started letting his hand dip beneath her shirt, and up towards her ribs, when she broke their kiss.

“Jaime,” she said breathless and panting. “You know we cant—“

Just then Jaime’s phone rang. Bronn.

“Hey, Bronn we— What do you mean you can’t get in? Locked?! A sign on the door? What sign? No, no one made sure we were out before the fumigation began! No, we were not too busy, “fooking” to notice! Fuck!”

Jaime hung up and grabbed her by the wrist. "Come on, we need to get out of here." He said, pulling her towards the door. He whipped the door open and was greeted by a cloud of fog.

“Fuck! Is it lethal?”

“Not to humans,” she replied. “The fog will subside soon but…”

“But, what?"

“We need to get ahold of Varys, and ask him to abandon the fumigation, and let us out. But I'm not sure he'll agree. Because typically, all entrances need to remain sealed off…for a time.”

“How long?”

“48 hours.”

“Well then,” sighed Jaime. “I was thinking that after this whole ordeal I’d ask you out. But it looks like we might have some time on our hands. So how about I ask you…in?”
 



by Pleistocene



"Whilst I’m flattered by the offer, we’ve still got other things to worry about, Jaime."

"Like what? We’re stuck in a hotel room for two days with no food other than whatever’s in that bar." He gestured in the direction of the little fridge which was humming quietly to itself. "Actually, that’s a point, I could ply you with drink, wench!"

Brienne ignored him, striding into the bathroom and arming herself with a bundle of fluffy white towels.

"We need to block any possible access points, Jaime. With the fumigation going on in the rest of the hotel, those creepy-crawlies will be looking for somewhere safe to hole up until it’s done and, at the moment, this is the safest place in the whole hotel."

Jaime’s face was momentarily blank as he processed this news.

"Are you saying that every spider in this place is currently on its way here? To this room? Our room? This one? Here?"

Brienne was industriously rolling up one of the hotel’s Egyptian cotton towels into a tight sausage and wedging it under the door to the corridor.

"Where’s that roll of tape?"

Jaime looked around wildly before finding the large roll of duct tape they’d used to get rid of the huntsman and hastily passing it to this amazing woman who was going to protect him from the relentless army of arachnids that was determined to reign terror upon his genitals.

Brienne leaned over to inspect what appeared to be an air-conditioning vent in the carpet.

Twitch.

TWITCH.

Without any prior involvement from his higher intellectual functions, Jaime found his hands alighting upon her perfect rump and confidently assessing their firmness and heft.

There was a surprisingly feminine squeak before she jerked upright and Jaime’s hands were deprived of their delicious bounty.

"Jaime! Were you even listening to a word I just said?"

"Sorry. Yes. Spiders. Here to get my cock. Want that NOT to happen. You’re protecting me. Must not let them in. Huge. Poisonous. Bad. Spiders. Yes. I was listening. Sorry?"

She gave him one of those looks.

Twitch.

He stepped reluctantly away from the goddess with the duct tape.

"Sorry."

After favouring him with one more long stern look, Brienne turned back to taping a small plastic bag over the vent. After she’d finished with the vent she went on to methodically cover every conceivable entry point, even going so far as to tape all the way around the door-frames and ensuring the plugs were in place over all the drains in the bathroom. She finished by positioning the bathmat over the floor drain and then stopped to survey her handy-work.

"There. Hopefully that should keep them out."

Jaime was just wondering how to bring up the topic of plying her with drink again and whether she’d blush if he told her she had an amazing arse, when there was a sharp knock on the sliding door to the balcony, which Brienne had helpfully taped shut only minutes before.
 



by justme



Brienne pulled back the curtains to reveal Bronn. Jaime rolled his eyes. Now he started taking his job seriously?  "Oi! Let's piss off!" the bodyguard yelled, making hand signals to the balcony railing.  Jaime's blonde private doctor nodded and started peeling off the tape again.  Noooo!    "What are you doing?"  Of course he knew exactly what she was doing, but the distraction worked insofar as Brienne stopped peeling to turn around.  "We won't have to spend the next 48 hours locked in here after all!"  "But.." While that was true, Jaime couldn't understand why she sounded so..happy.. about that. Okay, so they were in a little oasis in the middle of green fog with nothing but peanuts and candy bars to eat and every spider in the hotel would at some point try and get in, but he was willing to risk facing off against these devilish arachnids, and it had been his dick that had gotten bitten.  "The fumes aren't lethal, but still, we shouldn't breathe them in for 2 days unless there's no other option."  "But.." he tried again, dejectedly. The vision of him and Brienne on the big bed, kissing and doing everything else his cock was up to, began to fade. It made him sad.  "Jaime, do you really want to watch every drain and doorway until the day after tomorrow? We can't be absolutely sure that there aren't one or two venomous spiders among the rest."  Okay, that was new information. Still he hesitated, giving a longing glance to the bed.  "Fook's sake, Lannister! Those firemen I called will want their ladder back at some point, yaknow?  To underline Bronn's statement, a fireman popped up behind him, an axe slung over his shoulder. He walked up to the glass door.  "Stand back!"  "No! Don't smash it, we're coming out!" Brienne yelled back, quickly resuming to peel off the tape.  Apparently, the decision had been made. Jaime sighed. Stupid fireman. Stupid Bronn. Stupid Varys, giving him hope for some quality time with Brienne by forgetting to evacuate them. Perhaps he should look into suing him after all.He knew he should probably help Brienne, but he couldn't bring himself to. He was still sad. Even his cock seemed to be sad, not even her wiggling her hips and ass while trying to get the tape over her head could make him twitch.Finally, enough of the tape was off to wrench open the sliding door which Brienne promptly did.  "Let's go."  "Okay." Jaime mumbled, not moving an inch.  "Jaime?"  "I'm coming."  But apparently not anytime soon.  "Jaime."  "Yeah, yeah." He was still stalling.  "Jaime, there's another huntsman in the corner!"  And just like that, he was out of that cursed hotel room. Stepping onto the balcony, he saw Brienne grinning.  "What?"  "Hmm? Nothing."  He narrowed his eyes.  "There was no overlord dick killer spider in there, was there?"  "Nope."  "That was a dirty trick."  However, seeing how joyous she seemed about getting the better of him, Jaime couldn't even be mad.  "Well played wench. But it goes without saying that I will get you back for this."  The shrug she gave him was downright sassy.  They got into the cage and the fireman, who seemed disappointed he didn't get to break in their balcony door, began to lower them all down to earth. Jaime had just stepped out of the cage and onto the asphalt, when he realized something.  "Awww shit!" he exclaimed, looking back up the hotel wall.  "What?"  "All my stuff is still in the room. I won't even be able to check in somewhere else and with the kind of room Bronn's credit card will get me, I might as well have stayed in SpiderCentral."  "Oh," Brienne said, and a lovely blush began to spread over her cheeks, "...uh..you could..I mean if you wanted to, that is..you could come back to my place?"   Twitch! Twitch!!  



by ellethom



“I am not getting back into the Pussy Wagon.” She even folded her arms in abject defiance.  Jaime grinned from beside her. “It is comfy.” Though, he had a few ideas of another Pussy Wagon he could get into.  Later.  Twitch.  “Bronn, ignoring the tall wench’s request glared at Jaime. “What’s yer problem?” he asked, his voice that dour odd accent that made every word sound like an invitation to fight.  Jaime shrugged. “Thanks for the rescue, Bronn, but i think the Lady and I will take a cab.”  To her place.  Twitch.  “Suit yerself.” he offered Brienne a full glare, Jaime wondered if he could kill someone in broad daylight and hide the body in the Spider Dick Hotel.  Bronn grinned “Off to her place then?” Bronn’s face pulled into a leer that would make a porn star blush. “Should I check up on you later? Bring you some water, muffins..instructional manuals…..condoms?”  “And it's time for you to go.” Jaime shoved Bronn toward the driver’s side of the unfortunately decorated vehicle. Brienne was pretending to not have heard any of the bodyguard’s lecherous soliloquy. But the Wench’s face told another tale. She was as red as that slime pool they had crawled out of only a few hours ago.  A few hours? Had it only been that long? Jaime felt like he had known her far longer than that. A few hours and he was off to her place. His little brother would be proud.  He swatted at the trunk of the car as Bronn peeled off into late evening traffic with a screech and a honk of the melodious horn. He looked at her then, her face still red and scowling. “Maybe I could check you into another hotel, you could pay me back.”  “And leave me to the mercy of another hotel doctor, Doc? No way, you are my personal physician.“  “Jaime--”  “I trust you,” he said, and meant it.  Brienne scowled but nodded. She stepped into the street and found them a cab.  By the time they pulled in front of the modest Tyrell style home, Jaime found himself grinning from ear to ear. When she slipped the key into the lock and pushed her door open, his smile widened. It held a feeling of security, cleanliness, and just a faint scent of antiseptic. Her house held all the homeliness of an examining room.  And yet,  He was in. Twitch.  He wanted to be in.  Twitch.  In so many ways.  She offered him a pair of her pajama pants and a t-shirt that proclaimed exactly how he felt about the too tall woman.  “Trust me, I’m the Doctor.”  Brienne shoved him into her bathroom and told him she would find them something for dinner. Her bathroom wasn't as neat and tidy as the rest of the house. There were things hanging from the shower rail. Frilly things drying that he could only imagine where they had been.  Previously.  Twitch.  He took a long pull of air and turned on the shower. Cold water, definitely cold water.  -------  “I thought you had died in there,” she said by way of greeting. Brienne was laying out the table. “I hope Dornish is all right. They’re right across the street and I am starving.”  ”Me too,” he said, but the food was the last thing on his mind.  The absolute last thing.  Twitch.  Jaime nodded dumbly. The twitching had not stopped. The cold water had failed him. The whole time in the shower he had to look at her hanging underthings and wonder, and twitch. Surrounded by her scents, and her products, and her panties.  Twitch.  “What is it?” she asked, all hospital corners and concern. “You look flushed.”  “I’m fine.” Jaime asserted.  Twitch.  “No, you’re not. What is it? Should I examine you again?”  Twiitch.  “Please don't.” He suddenly felt like a twelve year old who had just discovered YouBaelish. She moved to stand in front of him.  Twitch.  “Jaime, are you having muscle spasms?” She placed her gentle hand on his forehead. “You’re not feverish.” Her hands were so soft, so sweet. It was the final straw. The pajama pants left nothing to the imagination, and suddenly Jaime didn't care that his arousal had become obvious.  “Ain't that kind of fever, Doc.” Jaime leaned into her space and kissed her. 



by ikkiM



Brienne had no idea how she kept finding herself kissing, well, making out with Jaime Lannister, a man she barely knew.

But whose penis she had handled more than any other man’s, whispered the devil on her shoulder. His penis, which managed to be beautiful, despite being swollen and bitten and generally unattractive male genitalia, the devil continued.

She would smack that devil off her shoulder if she were somewhere other than flat on her back on her sofa with Jaime on top of her, kissing her, nibbling her neck, caressing her ribs, working his hand under her shirt…she moaned and shifted her hips, trying to bring him closer.

And suddenly it all went wrong.

He yelped and rolled off of her, crashing into the coffee table before landing on the floor, both hands covering his recent injury and moaning in pain.

She sat up and looked at the gorgeous man writhing on her floor. She went into full doctor mode. The additional blood rushing to his penis as a result of his very obvious erection had caused swelling in the area of the bite, which was probably now tender and bruised. And she’d probably knocked against it when she moved. She ran to the kitchen and threw open her freezer. She cursed her empty ice trays. All she had was a two year old half empty bottle of vodka, a box of paddle pops and two frozen chicken breasts in plastic baggies. She grabbed the two packages of chicken and dashed back to him.

“Jaime,” she spoke authoritatively to get his attention.

His eyes were shut tight and he was whimpering, “Fucking spider…”

“Jaime,” she repeated. “I need you to move your hands because we need to ice your groin.”

He kicked one leg out ineffectually. “Hurts.”

“It will stop hurting if we can get the swelling down. Now move your hands and I’m going to place this frozen chicken on you. It will numb the pain.”

“Promise?” he moaned pathetically.

“I promise. Once we get the swelling down, it will feel better. You’re just all bruised up and you need time to heal. It will be just fine. Trust me. Now come on, let me take care of you.”

He opened one almost teary eye and nodded, lifting first his left, then his right hand off his groin.

“Okay, I’m going to gently place the freezer packs on you. Can you hold it in place?”

He nodded again.

Very carefully she bracketed his penis with the frozen chicken then sat back on the couch. His breathing slowed. She could see him begin to visibly relax.

He looked up at her, “Are those frozen chicken breasts?”

She flushed at the way he said the word breast but nodded.

He gave her a lopsided grin. “Not exactly the breasts I was interested in tonight.” He waggled his brows.

She tapped her toe against his ribs as her face flamed. “What did you think you were doing? I told you not to engage in any sexual activity.”

“Yeah, but then you stood there looking so sexy with those eyes and that sexy way you are with all that sexy and what else was I supposed to do, Doc?”

Sexy? Her?

She stood up and went back into the kitchen and refilled the ice trays. The chicken would defrost eventually. She began dishing out the now cooling Dornish food as she tried to digest what he had said. “I didn’t do anything,” she called over her shoulder. “You’re just…I don’t know, weird.”

She could her him groaning as he positioned himself to sit on the couch.

“Maybe a little, but that doesn’t mean I don’t know sexy when I see it.”

She tucked a bottle of wine under her arm, balanced both plates with utensils on one arm and grabbed a handful of napkins and wine glasses with the other. The years of waitressing during med school had served her well. She placed their dinner on the coffee table. As she was bent over, she looked up at Jaime, who was eyeing the bare skin of her chest exposed by her gaping t-shirt. She straightened up immediately.

“What do you think you’re doing?”

He shrugged and reached for a spicy chicken wing. “Just getting a peek.” He took a bite of chicken and leered at her.

“Jaime. You received a very dangerous spider bite. You don’t seem to understand that there could be repercussions, perhaps permanent ones, if you don’t follow medical advice.”

He paled slightly, “Permanent like what?”

She closed her eyes and prayed to the seven; for the first time in her career, she was about to lie to a patient. “Loss of sensation, calcification, permanent numbness and erectile dysfunction.”

Jaime choked on his food, then took a large gulp of wine to clear his throat.

“Permanent?” he warbled.

She nodded as she sat down beside him. “Permanent.”

“So, we really can’t…?”

Her face flamed again. “You cannot engage in any sexual activity for at least another forty hours, at least.”

He looked down at his groin and seemed to engage in some sort of silent conversation with himself. After a few moments, he turned to look at her. “Okay, we can do that. But after that, I mean, in forty hours, we can?” He looked eager, almost desperate for her answer.

The devil on her shoulder reappeared, but she wouldn’t have passed up this opportunity anyway. She bit her lip and nodded.

Jaime grinned and picked up the TV remote. “Okay, let’s find the least erotic thing on TV.”

Brienne grabbed the controller from his hand, pressed a few buttons and the screen filled with spiders, one flashing after another, the name of each underneath. “Let’s watch this documentary on the indigenous spiders of the Australian outback. It’s fascinating.”

He turned a ghastly white and groaned.   



by bearsofair



The two of them sat on either end of the couch. Jaime turned his attention towards her, clearly in an effort to distract himself from the unwelcome TV program. “You know,” he said, casting her a wry grin. “You could scoot a little closer. I don’t bite. Not like those damn spiders,” he muttered to himself.

“I don’t think that’s such a good idea. It would be against my better judgment.”

“In that case, have another drink of wine,” he chuckled lightly as he plucked her wine glass from the coffee table and handed it to her. She couldn’t help but roll her eyes and give him an exasperated look.

“What? Don’t you trust me?” he said giving her his most winning smile.

“I do,” she said hesitantly as she took a long sip of wine and set it back down. In reality, she was beginning to think it was herself that she wasn’t sure she trusted.

“I’m waiting,” he teased as he patted the couch cushion beside him.

She sighed resignedly and hauled herself to the space next to him, curling her legs beneath her and making herself comfortable. He immediately snaked a muscular arm around her waist and pulled her close. She allowed herself to rest her head against his broad shoulder, where she could smell the scent of his expensive cologne, and feel the stubble along his jawline grazing her forehead.

He pulled down the throw blanket that was laying along the back of the couch and lay it across the both of them. “See? This is nice! I can play nice,” he said reassuringly.

“Yes…very…nice,” she said in a whisper. She couldn’t find the words to say much more, because beneath the blankets Jaime’s hand had crept beneath the hem of her shirt, and his thumb was tracing maddening circles across her lower stomach and hipbone. She glanced at him from out of the corner of her eye and his face was all innocence. Did he even realize the effect he was having on her? And then his hand dipped even lower and…

She jerked to her feet and stared at him, sure that she looked flushed and breathless.

“Is something wrong?” he asked perplexed.

“It’s just…I think we should call it a night.”

“Good idea,” he said getting to his feet.

“No!” she exclaimed almost too loudly. “No. I think you should sleep out here. On the couch.”

“But—“

“You have a blanket, here’s a pillow,” she said chucking a throw pillow in his direction. “Good night, Jaime.” And with that, she turned around and walked with purpose down the hallway to her bedroom. She closed the door behind her and took a cleansing breath. The things that man made her feel!

She had just slipped out of her clothes, and into her favorite pair of pajama boxer shorts and a comfortable t-shirt, when she was startled by her bedroom door swinging open behind her.

There stood Jaime with a look of panic on his face. But then she could feel his eyes drifting along her bare legs and thin t-shirt. His face softened and the corner of his mouth turned up in a sly smile.

“What now?!” she demanded.

Recalling his initial reason for busting through her bedroom he said, “I swear I just saw a spider out there! On the ceiling!”

“You did not! You’re seeing things!”

“Are you really willing to risk my well being? After all I’ve been through? That’s just what I need. To have another encounter with a dick biting spider. Then we’ll be waiting another 48 hours. I don’t suppose I could sleep in your bed?”

“Oh, fine!” she said exasperatedly. "But you won’t try anything. We will wait 48 hours.”

“Of course! Scout’s honor!” he said as he closed the door behind him and bounded into her bed.

Brienne turned the light off and crawled in beside him. And after she had settled in, she was met with Jaime’s arm slung across her again, his hand running those same maddening circles across her lower stomach and along her hipbone.

“You know,” he whispered, his warm breath in her ear, “I usually sleep in the nude.”  



by GumTree



Brienne shuddered, torn between hating herself for being so predictable, so… damn girlish that a few devious words falling on her ear from soft and smirking mouth had her nearly jumping out of the skin that she’d striven so hard to feel comfortable in for most of her adult life, and further into the waiting hand at her hip, which had gone from idly stroking to splaying protectively over her stomach and easing her backward from the edge of the bed.

“Careful,” he murmured. Brienne resisted the urge to wrap her arms around her pillow, uncertain if it was to slow them from the inevitable or just to hide her burning face. She couldn’t blame it all on the wine, she hadn’t had that much. At least one of them had to have a conscience, when it came to his… his…

“I usually sleep alone,” she said in her sternest voice.

Jaime sighed deeply behind her, “I know the type, either overly-picky or a closet romantic.” Before she could flip around, against her better judgment, and ask whatever happened to playing nice, Jaime pressed a kiss to her flaming cheek, sweet, promising, and entirely not fair. “I’m a lucky man.”

Somehow, blessedly, they did fall asleep, though it took Brienne a while to realize the fact.

“Doc, wake up,” dream-Jaime nudged the nape of her neck with his nose, his bare knee judging the back of her legs, his --

“Jaime… What happened to your—“

Pants. Pants is what she had meant to say. She remembered he had come to bed with them on and, bold as he was, did not seem the type to completely push his luck and risk permanent injury by pressing all of himself unexpectedly against her like that.

“Completely healed, thanks to your expert touch. Though, now you’re feeling a bit feverish. Let me return the favor?”

But it wasn’t a question. Instead the gentle calloused hand that had played at her hip and lower stomach ventured upward, palm resting over her fluttering heart with consideration before cupping her breast. Even in her dreams, they weren’t much, but dream-Jaime didn’t care, instead carefully massaging the surprisingly delicate flesh before his fingers started to circle and then worry over her nipple. His lips and tongue pressed over the pulse at her neck as his fingertips gently tugged and pinched the tender flesh. His other arm and hand, which had curled under her body and somehow not gone numb from the weight, skirted the waistband of her shorts.

“That’s impossible,” she groaned despite herself, though she made no move to stop the hand that dipped down between the stifling fabric that encased her upper thighs and where she now wanted is touch the most.

Jaime grunted his disagreement. “Don’t tell me how my cock—how I feel. About this. Us. Gods, don’t make me wait.”

She threw her head back against his shoulder and groaned to think of how she had held Jaime’s cock, prettier than any, let alone one bitten, had a right to be and what standard men – or at least very pretty men like Jaime might have about such things. She was unable to think about her failure to maintain professionalism with Jaime’s hands down her pajama shorts, then helping her toss them away, his fingers sliding in almost as slowly as those forty-eight hours must have passed in the dream world.

“I… I didn’t want to either, I, ah—“

But then they started to curl and all she could wonder is what his dick must feel like, would feel like within her. Brienne’s mouth opened in a moan, opened to ask because, for her, she knew he would, now that they could, she—

“Doc… Doc!”

Brienne whimpered miserably, an irreparable blush staining her face as a broken; “please” that she had been about to shout in the dream world now fell from her lips in the land of the living. She chanced a look. Jaime smiled brightly at her, nervously, caring. “Hey, it was just a nightmare. You protected my dick so I’ll protect your—I mean, I’ll protect you, too."

Gods, she needed a cold shower.   



by QuizzicalQuinnia



Twenty-nine hours.

That's how many hours were left out of forty-eight. Not that many, right? One could take a daytrip in that time, or binge two seasons of CSI: Pyromaniacs.

Brienne stared out her small kitchen window, a steaming mug of black coffee cradles in her hands. She was not seeing little flitting birds on tree branches, or the postman stomping down the sidewalk chased by mewling cats in the nice sunny morning. She was seeing skin. Specifically, Jaime's. In places. And feeling him...his body...sleeping...

She shuddered purposefully, wondering if she might have to slap herself. It was not like her to be so preoccupied. Not by a man. Not that there had been the opportunity...but still!

She jumped, not on purpose, as an arm snaked around her waist. She'd hadn't heard him move into the small open kitchen. "What's got you so lost in thought?" he mumbled into her ear, reaching around and stealing her coffee with his other hand.

When she twisted in his grasp to grumble, she found that she couldn't despite his smirk right before taking a long drag from the mug. He grimaced and stuck his tongue out. It was nicely shaped and a deep pink. How stupid, that she found his tongue attractive, but since all the rest of him was even more compelling, it shouldn't be that surprising.

"Do you have sugar?" he asked, so innocently.

She was staring at his mouth, but she didn't hear what he said. "Want some sugar?"

His eyes flashed to her, and he grinned. "Yes."

I've got sugar, she thought. In a little white pot. And my pants. 

She barely stifled a gasp. What in the world was she thinking! What had happened to her regimented routine of both mind and body!

Body...

Oh gods...

She was horny. She, Brienne, was horny. Had that ever happened? Not like this, that was certain. She wanted Jaime Lannister with the beautiful poisoned cock. She wanted him bad.

Maybe these horrifying and also extremely addictive thoughts were piercing her emotional wall because he really seemed to want her, too. She had no idea why. She really didn't want to believe him, for very necessary self-preservation reasons, but she was a doctor. If there was one thing that could not lie, it was a cock.

Men lied. They lied about their cocks. They lied about what and who their cocks wanted, but the cocks themselves? They did not lie.

Imagine that! There she was in her kitchen counting down the hours until she could take proper care of a borderline-stranger's excitable cock. Huh.

Jaime handed the sugar bowl back, though she didn't remember giving it to him or watching him spoon it into the dark coffee. Did she have memory loss? He winked at her. What was happening? Why? How?

It was the spider's fault. Damned arachnid.

"So I--"

"What--"

They broke the silence at the same time and did that awkward matching chuckle. She waited because he would probably say go ahead and that's what she would say, and they'd have to start over again.

"Go ahead," he said.

She sighed. "I was thinking...would you like to do some sightseeing? I've got a few days off between shifts, and I shouldn't be called in since the hotel problem is being handled."

He set the coffee down and stepped closer. Too close. Too close! "I would love to see the sights," he purred like a dangerous cat. Lion. Danger Lust Lion.

"I mean...outdoors."

"Anywhere is fine." He licked his lip. It was sexy.

She felt herself blinking way too much. "How about the zoo?"

His brow rose. "The zoo?"

"Animals," she said. "I can get us behind the scenes."

He waited a moment, his gaze skimming over her from her stomach to her mouth. "I enjoyed sleeping with you last night."

She choked on air. "What? That's quite the change of subject."

"No it isn't. We were both thinking about sex. You were just trying to hide it." He leaned in to kiss her far too briefly, even though she swore she felt the tip of his tongue on her bottom lip.

Was he a mind reader, too? How horrifying.

She coughed. "I wasn't...I..."

His eyes darkened, she could swear his temperature rose, or maybe it was hers...his thumbs dug into her sides. "I was. Am. I feel fine."

She wanted to not be so diligent. She really did, but that wasn't her. "I will not endanger your...anatomy, Jaime. It wouldn't be right."

He growled. That, too, was sexy, and also, what in the seven hells was wrong with her!

"I'm assuming other stuff is also off the table?" His thumbs started making circles on her skin.

"Other stuff?" she thought maybe her eyes were crossing or something.

Those wicked thumbs slid down under her waistband, down a little more. He dug all his fingers into her flesh, and he swept his tongue slowly and deliberately over her lip, his gaze never leaving hers. He drew back. "Other stuff."

She was going to give in. She was going to be a terrible doctor and possibly cause him to further damage his strangely alluring cock. She shoved him back, hard. "No! No other stuff! You should not be...get...excited!"

He scoffed. "Well that's not going to happen. I get excited every time I look at you."

He was deadly serious. She could see it in his eyes. She was going to give in! Help!

She grabbed his hand and dragged him to the door. "We're going to get you some clothes and then we're going to the zoo because I don't think we should stay here all day."

She heard him sigh. "You're probably right. And really, it's only twenty-four hours. That will feel like years."

"Twenty-nine," she corrected.

He yanked her to a halt and pulled her close so he could see her face. "You're counting too?"

"Better than you."

"But you're counting?"

She grimaced, but it was too late to worry about betraying herself. "Yes."

He flashed a smile of incredible wattage. He wrapped his arms around her and felt like a squid with eight limbs tangling everywhere, and he planted a scorching kiss on her lips, and she found herself engaged in a very heated snog session. She was enjoying it immensely until she felt his treacherous cock against her hip. She shoved him again.

"No! Back!" She marched toward her keys and out the front door without waiting.

"Twenty-nine hours, Brienne!" he called after her.

She really had no idea how they were going to make it.  



by december13



So, breakfast took about two hours - to get to a little bistro near Brienne's place, order food, wait a bit, eat, chat, and... He wasn't sure anymore. He just knew that counting minutes and hours became imperative.  Breakfast wasn't meant to be sexy, but Brienne licked her lips to scoop some of the grease that was slipping from a very delicious piece of bacon... And he  twitched  ! Well, not he, but  he  - the twitching traitor in his pants. Traitor who obviously had a mind of his own.  She unfolded the napkin and put it on her lap, wiggling in a seat just for a second, and yes, he  twitched  some more... He couldn't fault her for that. She couldn't possibly know where his mind went the moment he saw her wiggle her... firm... behind...  twitch  ...  She slowly inhaled the smell of an apple pie, having a dreamy look in her, oh, so very blue eyes... and, of course, he  twitched  yet again! That wasn't place for a dreamy look! That was reserved for bedroom and him, after he was finished sexing her up! ... Brienne should really get with the program!  And then she moaned! Sexy spider specialist took a bite of an apple pie and moaned!   Twitch, twitch, twitch  ...  She was killing him! And she didn't even know it... And pies shouldn't make her moan, no matter how much cream there was... And why was cream on an apple pie?! Cream was supposed to be on her gloriously naked body, while he was supposed to...  twitch  ...  Jaime was sure that, never before in his life, had he been that fast to pick up a bill and exit a restaurant, hailing for a cab at the top of his lungs.  Zoo!  Zoo seemed like a really good idea. Great idea even! The two of them were at a zoo for the last 3 hours and 25, no, 26 minutes (knowing exact time was still an imperative), and his partner in crime/pants calmed down a little bit. There was nothing sexy watching animals in their habitats, being all smelly, noisy and...  She was smiling. Brienne was smiling to whatever that idiot of a zoo keeper was saying and he  twitched  ... Why was it so hard to stay...  subdued  ... around her?! And why was she smiling at that big red-headed burly man?! And was he making moon eyes at her? At his Brienne?!?!  "...are born with ankle spurs, only the male's spurs deliver venom."  "Venom? Brienne, let's move to the next location where we won't be subjected to animals that have venom," and did he squeak? Great, Jaime, just great.  "Oh, Jaime, please, there's nothing threatening about platypus!"  "Well, miss...," did that ginger bastard refer to his Brienne as a "miss"?! Why would he assume that she was a Miss and not Mrs; she was with him and they stayed close, and, he should move closer to her, his Brienne, so that the bloody zoo keeper could get a clearer picture, "... are not life-threatening to humans, but nevertheless powerful enough to seriously impair the victim."  "That's it! Brienne, I refuse to stay in close proximity to an animal that can impair me. And you should be against it, too, if you're still counting. Are you still counting, Brienne?" and did he just whine?!  "23 hours 15 minutes, Jaime." she said looking straight into his eyes. And yet, somehow, she managed to blush.   Twitch  ! Fuck, now her blush was affecting him?  "Do you have any preferences?"  "Hmm? How about ferrets? Or skunks?! We can go and see skunks!"  "Oh, well, if you want that, then OK," she said and turned to the red bastard that posed as a zoo keeper, to ask for directions or maybe something else... What was his name, anyway? Boremund?! He looked at a name tag again... Tormund. What a stupid name! And as sure as hell he was more of a Boremund, boring him to death with details and "funny stories" about animals. His stories weren't funny! Though, Brienne did laugh, well, it was more of a giggle... and, no, not again...  twitch  !  Don't think about her giggling, think about skunks! Skunks are good to think of. They are ugly, they smell bad, they won't attack him, and there's nothing sexy about skunks, so the sexy spider specialist will be safe from his  twitching  self.  "They are not far away. Come, Jaime," and yes, sure, there was the  twitch  ! She was commanding and she said "come" which sounded like...   Twitch ! Fuck!!! 

(manip by effulgentgirl)



by justme



They could hear the skunks from 50 yards away. It sounded like they were fighting, viciously fighting at that. Loud screeching and sounds of a scuffle greeted Jaime and Brienne as they walked closer to the enclosure where the stinky mammals were kept. And stink they did. Which was actually good, because the stench was so massive that Jaime almost forgot counting and instead used the majority of his focus on breathing through his mouth. Exactly what he had wanted and badly needed: A most welcome distraction from the vicious circle of twitching and despair. His dick, and the rest of him attached to it, wanted Brienne. Badly. She wanted him too. Knowing that and knowing they couldn't do anything about it for another day however was torture, plain and simple. And so every twitch, as pleasant as it felt, was always the overture to agony. Physical and mental, because the longer they had to wait, the more self-conscious Jaime became. First of all: It had been a while. A long while if he was honest with himself. There hadn't been anyone special and contrary to his brother, he'd never wanted to seek out professional services. Secondly, it had also been weeks without any kind of relief whatsoever. Work had been stressful, he'd needed to get ahead on a few projects in order to clear his schedule for this vacation, pack his shit et cetera. And last but not least all the twitching kept him in a constant state of 'all-dressed-up-and-nowhere-to-go', so to say. To sum it all up, he was feeling like he was a pressure cooker; one that was five seconds to exploding. And premature exploding was the last thing he wanted once the countdown was up.

"Oh boy, they sure smell horrible, don't they?" Brienne commented as they got closer to the animals. She pulled a face before pinching her nose, grinning. It was cute.

Twitch!

And apparently, even that was enough for Mr. Dick now. Jaime looked down at himself, raising one eyebrow. Give me a break buddy, or we'll embarrass ourselves tomorrow. Do you want that to happen?

"Jaime? Are you coming?"

Nothing. Good boy.

"Right behind you." And fighting to not look at your glorious ass.

"Having to smell this all day long..."

"I don't think you smell it anymore after a while. Like nurses that don't even register the smell of disinfectant any longer."

"Hopefully. But whoever is in charge of the skunks deserves a bonus. It's a tough job. Dirty and hard."

Twitch!

Okay, now his dick was being a..dick. She was talking about cleaning up after stinking animals, for the Gods sakes!

"Yup." He replied, giving his groin area another stern look. Behave!

As they neared the fence, the screeching got louder and louder. Those skunks must've been out for blood.

"Oh." Brienne said, having reached it first. She sounded surprised and flustered. "They're sure early this year. Usually their season doesn't begin until next month."

Walking up to the barrier, Jaime took a look at what it was that had made her sound so perplexed, expecting to find some kind of gore or a fight to the death.

Oh, indeed. Those skunks weren't fighting. At least not to the death. Those bastards were mating! Right in front of them. Loudly and vigorously. Shamelessly. Passionately. The way he wanted to mate with Brienne. Jaime gulped, waiting for the twitch.

Nothing.

He took a deep breath of relief. Maybe Mr. Dick would cooperate from now. Brienne turned away from the fence, the deepest blush he'd ever seen on her face and biting her lip while in the background the noises of the copulating animals crescendoed .

THROB!

Oh double fuck with a shit on top!  



by ellethom



Brienne frowned into the sun as it bounced off of the Primate house.

Nope, no way. Those damn beasts were bound to be going at it in one form or another. And if she couldn't handle the show the skunks had been putting on, masturbating monkeys were definitely off the tour as well.

She turned to look at Jaime who, to his credit, was handling the situation as well as to be expected. He was holding his zoo map in a strategic place as if she hadn't noticed his penile mobility since last night.

Penile mobility? Really?

Brienne shook her head, what was the one place safe from mating, rutting or otherwise amorous animals?

“Jaime,” she turned to the beautiful man beside her. “When was the last time you went to the petting zoo?”

---

He’d followed behind her through the crowds like some lost preschooler. “Petting zoo, really? What are you like five?”

“Would you rather watch monkeys masturbating?” she flared, then felt bad for snapping at him. The tension between them was nearly audible as they wandered through the hordes of people with children in tow, angling toward the same destination.

“Point, Wench.” he cocked an eyebrow and gave her that smile that smile, that illegal smile.

Squish.

Damn.

“Not that I am dreading the tour of the wee baby animals frolicking about; hell anything to burn through some more time until…” He waggled his eyebrows then, on anyone else it would have been comical, corny even.

On Jaime it was one of the sexiest things she had ever seen.

Squish

He would have to stop talking, or moving, or doing anything with his face or she would not be accountable for her actions.

They passed the food and restaurant section on their way to the petting zoo. “Wait, Brienne.” he said, his hand on her arm, firm, hard, unyielding.

Squish.

“What?” she asked a bit harsher than she realized.

Jaime smiled again, but left his hand on her arm. “We should eat first.” He pointed to a little cafe set up a bit aways from the other kid themed locations. “That one was a beer garden.”

Beer, beer, yes beer. Alcohol. That would maybe maybe alleviate the burning that had crept up from her nethers and began to coil in her stomach like a Cobra ready to strike.

Yes, beer. Beer was the answer!

“All right, I could eat.” she nodded.

Was he twitching again?

“I could do a lot more than eat, Doc.” he said with that same treacherous glint. “But, 20 hours is 20 hours.”

Squish.

She really needed to hit the bathroom before they left the cafe.

“Can we not bring it up for a while? I mean, the skunks were bad enough.” Brienne groused as they took a seat furthest away from the screaming children.

Jaime shrugged and fiddled with his menu. He did have sexy hands. Long fingers, What was that ration her friend had told her in Uni? Middle finger to palm? Oh gods!

Squish.

“Everything all right over there, Doc. Is that chair too hard?”

“Shut up, Jaime.”

“Or too soft?” he said.

Brienne picked up her menu and tried to ignore the man across from her.

“Or is it juuuuust right,” He purred across the table, his eyes like a lion with it's prey.

The waitress came just in time. Brienne was sure she may have, in fact, saved Jaime’s life then. They ordered giant draughts to start and eyed each other as the young woman left to fill their orders.

“Stop it,” she plead.

“I’m just glad to see I am not the only one in torment, here. I was starting to wonder.”

“Excuse me for not getting excited at watching skunks rut.”

“I’d rather we were rutting.” He took her hand in his and rubbed his thumb over her hand. “This is going to kill me.” he said.

“Not if I kill you first!” Brienne broke contact and took the beer from the returned server. She smiled between the two and gave a little thumbs up at Brienne while Jaime guzzled his beer.

This was going to be a long day.

Squish.

Brienne hoped that emergency pair of underwear was still in the back pocket of her purse. She was certain she would need it. Soon.  



by december13



Jaime was barely standing on his feet when they entered her home, but he was feeling happy and calm, and tipsy, for his twitching, throbbing, spider-venom infested dick was cooperating for the first time in what felt in days. Who would have thought that all he had to do is drink a little... or more than little, but he stopped counting after his fourth glass of beer.  Brienne wasn't faring any better. She drank as much as he had, and, boy, was he proud of her! Woman had a healthy appetite, probably could drink his brother under the table, she was competitive, and if that was any indication of the things to come... ohhh, he was going to be in the next level of heaven tomorrow! All he had to do was wait for the night to pass, and a bit of morning, and then some hours, but he was nothing if not determined. Lannisters were always determined. It  was  their family motto... it wasn't, but he was willing to claim it as such.  And the more he thought of her, the more he liked her. And the more he wanted her! From her eyes, lips, hands, legs, ass, she was one hell of a woman! And her spider fascination was starting to look charming. Oh, and she had this walk... that was corrupted after having a few drinks with him, but he still thought it to be cute... Although, he didn't understand why she glared at him after he told her so. Alright, it probably wasn't the smartest idea to tell her that she reminded him of a penguin, but that wasn't the reason for her to get so angry. Penguins were cute and adorable, and she did rub her thighs when she walked...  Maybe he could have told her that she looked like a model? Supermodel with super powers? They always walked like they are trying their best not to pee in their panties... It's just, and his foggy brain was fighting hard to reach into that particular memory set, she wasn't walking like a cute, adorable, runaway penguin-supermodel when they've met... or when they've came to the zoo... it all started after their visit to mating skunks and what was apparently masturbating monkeys. Well, he didn't see them doing the deed, but it's not like he wanted to see others wankers... wankers... What if Brienne contracted some infection while in zoo?! That would mean that they would have to... no, no,  NO  !  "Jaime, why are you yelling?" She was swaying on her legs, trying to put the key on a key holder that... looked like a spider? Huh, he didn't notice that before.  But pressing matters were pressing and he probably embarrassed her with the infection question. So he did what he did best. He froze. He was sure of it. It's just that stupid room was spinning. Did he really said the last sentence out loud?  "Brienne, I don't think I could wait any longer then the timeline we already envisioned for our sexy time. Well, it will be sexy times  times  two, or four, or even maybe six,... I'm betting six... but sexy times are to begin in... tomorrow, after we are awake and I'm cleared from spider venom! And you can't have infection now!"  She was staring at him. And she was spinning along with the room. Her eyes still looked like magical something...  sapphires  !   "You're drunk, Jaime. You're making no sense at all. What does sapphires have to do with an infection? Sapphires can't get infected. Or? No, they are gemstones, and I told you, you're infection is 48 hours long, and it's... "  "You're drunk, too, but I want to have sex with you tomorrow, no,  no  , I want it now, but I'll wait for tomorrow and we can't have sex when you're infected, too!" why wasn't she paying attention.  "I'm infected with sapphires?"  "No, you silly, sexy, woman... Oh, you are red now. Why so red - red? I mean, blue, I mean... Where was I?"  "You were in your hotel room and now you're in my living room... Is my room infected with sapphires?"  "NO! You are!"  "With sapphires?"  "With monkey infection... or skunk infection... you walk like you want to scratch something between your thighs, Brienne! Like adorable, cute penguin with supermodel powers! And those monkeys or skunks infected you, and if you're infected I won't have sex with you tomorrow, and Brienne..."  What ever was coming from his mouth next was stopped with a very hard, very loud SLAM of her bathroom door.  He heard commotion inside and then shower.  "Brienne, are you cleaning yourself from monkey infection? Do you think that water will help? Do you need me to buy some ointment?"  "Jaime! SHUT UP AND GO TO BED!"   Twitch.  



by bearsofair



Brienne steadied herself over the bathroom sink, taking a cleansing breath and trying to clear her drunken fuzzy mind.

“Brienne? Brienne! Where’d you go?” called Jaime through the bathroom door. “ I need you, Brienne! I can’t sleep without your body next to mine! Oh, the things I’d like do to you!” he slurred through the door lustily.

“Go away!” Brienne said in a shrill voice that was entirely too loud. She was certain that he could probably sense her burning blush radiating through the door that separated the two of them.

She had drunk entirely too much. They both had. At the time it had seemed like a good way to distract themselves and pass the time. And although she could hold her liquor quite well, she was only used to the familiar dull buzz that the occasional glass or two of wine provided. After several beers and getting more drunk than she had been before, she had discovered something about herself. She was an incredibly horny drunk. Gods did she want him. And the fact that Jaime was now muttering incredibly dirty things through the door was not helping at all.

She leaned over the sink and splashed cold water on her face trying to sober herself up and tune him out. By the time she had found a towel and was patting her face dry, she realized that it had become all too quiet in the hallway.

“Jaime?” she called. She couldn’t help but worry about him. Had he passed out?

She opened the door, expecting to find him in a heap on the floor, but he was brazenly standing in the doorway with a seductively arrogant grin, and completely and utterly naked. She couldn’t help but take in his muscled golden body. He was gorgeous.

“What are you doing?!” she exclaimed.

“I told you I prefer to sleep in the nude,” he reminded her.

“C’mon, we’re going to bed. Now,” she said taking him by the hand and dragging him down the hall to her bedroom.

Once in her room, he looked at her sheepishly like a child who had just been scolded. So it took him entirely by surprise when she placed two hands on his chest and shoved him down on to the bed, and then climbed on top of him, assaulting his mouth with hers. And for the first time since they had met, Jaime Lannister was speechless.

She straddled his naked hips, and eventually his hands found their way to the hem of her shirt, lifting it up and and over her head. He stared at her with her breasts now bare and heaving. When he reached up to brush a thumb across a taut nipple, she nearly screamed. Hooking her thumbs into the waistband of her shorts and underwear, she pulled them down her long legs and kicked them off in one swift motion. They lay there for a moment just taking each other in and savoring the feel of skin on skin with nothing between them.

Jaime finally found his words, “Are we--are we really going to do this? Is this really happening?” he said breathlessly.

“It’s happening.” Apparently alcohol also made her more confident than she had any right to be.

“But--but it’s not time yet,” he slurred.

“Oh, now suddenly you're worried about it not being time yet? I’m the doctor. I say it’s time. Or at least close enough.”

“Oh, good. I’ve had an erection that has lasted for nearly 48 hours. I think I need to contact a doctor immediately,” he giggled.

She rolled her eyes and couldn’t help but laugh too. “Shut up,” she said as she kissed him again.

“Come here,” he said rolling her over on to her back.

He stayed motionless, poised over her for quite some time. “Jaime, you can start moving now,” Brienne finally said, embarrassed to even say it.

He eventually let out a pathetic grumble of frustration, before heaving a heavy sigh, rolling off her and settling into the space beside her.

“Jaime?” she asked suddenly worried. “Jaime, did I do something wrong.”

“In an odd turn of events, it seems that my cock is cockblocking me. Too drunk to fuck,” he murmured sadly before his eyelids finally became too heavy, and he began snoring gently.

“Well, then…” said Brienne at a loss. “Goodnight, Jaime,” she whispered as she kissed him gently on his temple and curled up beside him. Just a few more hours, before we can finish what we started, she thought restlessly. 



by ikkiM



Jaime woke feeling more comfortable than he ever had. He was wrapped up in something warm and soft and firm in all the right places. Brienne. He shifted against her happily, only to realize he wasn't quite as comfortable as he thought. In fact, his bladder was screaming for release.

He disentangled himself from the amazing woman beside him and stumbled, still muddled, into the bathroom. He reached to pull down his underwear only to realize he was naked. When did that happen?

He remembered the zoo. Brienne blushing so adorably at the skunks. Drinking. So much drinking. Some red-headed asshole offering to drive them home. Jaime insisting on calling a cab. He'd wanted a limo. Brienne deserved to be transported in style. They'd gotten back to her house. She'd gone to shower and then...Nothing.

He took his still sore cock in hand, braced the other hand against the wall to steady himself and let loose. He felt as if he'd not peed in days. His cock was still a little tender. Not as tender as Brienne's hands. But he could tell things were improving. It seemed to take forever to finish. He washed his hands and made his way to the hallway, ready to climb back in bed with sweet, sexy Dr. Tarth.

He looked around. How did he end up in her living room? He tripped over something in the floor. He reached down to grab the offending object. His pants! He wasn't quite sure how they'd ended up here. He grinned happily and fumbled to find his phone. He checked the countdown timer. It said '11hrs, 47 min". Less than half a day to go!

Still, that was a long time to go without kissing her and touching her and licking that sexy freckle cluster on her left elbow. He needed to figure out a way to keep himself under control. He dialed the one person who knew more about erections well... than anyone else who would take his call.

"Tyrion!" he said at the sound of his brother's garbled hello.

"What the fuck do you want Jaime? I was sleeping."

Jaime furrowed his brow. What did he want? Brienne. "I want to have sex, little brother. And not just sex. I want to make love. I want to worship her body with my tongue. I want learn every inch of her pale, freckly skin with my hands. I want to bury myself inside her and hear her scream my name. I want to be with her forever and marry her, Tyrion. That's what I want."

Tyrion made some snorting noise on the other end of the phone. "Are you drunk?"

Jaime raised one finger in the air for emphasis. "I am drunk on love! And some stupid beer at that animal place with the ginger bear fucker."

"What the fuck has Bronn gotten you into?"

"Bronn!" Jaime shouted. "Bronn will know how to lose an erection. I should have called him! Just thinking about Bronn makes my cock go limp. See, it's limp right now."

"Uh...I thought you wanted to fuck? Doesn't that usually involve getting hard before you go soft?"

Jaime felt despair come over him. He whispered. "I can't Tyrion. If I get hard, my dick might fall off and get filled with calcium. Then Doctor Spider Venom Long Legged Sexy Tarth wouldn't marry me."

"Motherfucking Crone, Jaime. What is going on with you?"

"I have to call Bronn now to kill my erections." He whispered, not wanting to wake Brienne.

"Go sleep it off, Jaime."

"Tyrion," he said. "I love you."

He ended the call and dialed up Erection Expert Bronn of the Bonerwater.

"What the fuck, Lannister? Shouldn't ya be busy fuckin' the legs off that Doc?" Bronn growled into the phone.

"Bronn, quick, tell me five things that cause impotence?"

"What is this, fuckin' quiz night?" Bronn responded.

"Just answer, or I'll send a spider over to bite your dick."

"Fuck," Bronn sighed. "Grocery store receipts, too much sugar, soy, lack of sleep and too much joggin'."

"I can do that!" Jaime announced and ended the call.

He'd just go for a run, stop at a grocery, buy a sugary soy smoothie and then rub the receipt on his dick. He had a plan!

He dropped the phone and went to the door. He opened it just as someone was about to knock. He looked into the weird, creepy clear eyes of Dr. Roose Bolton.

Bolton looked him up and down before meeting his eyes again. "Is Dr. Tarth available? It seems we have a few more toxic bites at the hospital and she's not been answering her pages."

The thought of more spider bites made Jaime look down. That's when he realized he was still completely naked.   



by justme



The fact that creepy Dr. Bolton was currently getting an exclusive look at his...exclusives.. didn't even bother Jaime much past the sheer acknowledgment of the fact. After all, the guy was a) a guy and b) a doctor. No. There was a whole other chain reaction of horrible thoughts going off in his head. If Brienne was getting called into work now, she possibly wouldn't be here when the countdown ran out. And if she wouldn't be here then, they couldn't have the epic, mindblowing sex he'd been thinking about for almost two straight days now. And if they couldn't make passionate love, he would seriously explode. Brienne probably as well. Jogging and soy smoothies could only help so much. Those damn spiders were throwing a monkey wrench in the whole plan! It wasn't enough that one of them had bitten his dick, no, those evil arachnids were still fucking everything up. Jaime could almost envision some giant spider overlord rubbing his eight legs together, thinking 'excellent', because at this point, he simply had to assume it was personal. No one had this much bad luck with spiders.

"Ahem." Bolton broke him out of his musings. "Is.. Dr. Tarth.. available.. or.. not?"

There he went again with the weird pauses.

"Uhm..not?"

"Are you.. asking.. me or.. telling.. me?"

"Uhm..telling..you. I mean, she's ...uh..sick."

Which technically might not even be a lie; she would probably have quite the hangover once she woke up.

Bolton narrowed his eyes, though Jaime couldn't really tell if it was because he didn't believe him or because he thought he'd just impersonated him what with the pauses. Since the latter hadn't even been his intention, he went with the former and that meant he had to step it up a notch in order to be more believable if he wanted the weird doc go away so he and the hot doc could fuck later without interruptions. He had to pull this off. For himself, for Brienne, and for his dick.

"She's been throwing up all night, it's a stomach thing. Gross, really. Chunks everywhere. She threw up on me actually, hence the current lack of clothes. Poor thing finally fell asleep just now. Sorry."

"Is that so? Because..quite frankly..it looks as if..she was not..reacting to her.. pager..because..she's..otherwise occupied. Romantically...occupied. During her..on-call..time."

"What? Me? No! No, no, no. I mean, doc, look at me. I just got bitten by a spider on the dick, even if I wanted to, I couldn't. I'm out of business for a while."

"Then..what are you..doing here?"

"Well, the hotel I was staying at had to be evacuated due to spider infestation and Dr. Tarth was friendly enough to give me shelter. I took her for dinner as thank you, she ate some seafood that didn't agree with her, and here we are."

Damn, sometimes coming from a family where lying was a skill honed from an early age came in really handy. Bolton seemed to be inclined to believe him in any case. At least he let go of the scrutinizing stare, showing his creepy pale eyes in their full size again.

"Well..have her..call me. And tell her..to check..her pager."

"Absolutely." Jaime nodded vigorously. "Being a victim of spiders myself I am aware of the importance of getting help fast."

"Mh-hm."

"So..are we done? I'd like to get dressed now. Cold feet."

"Very..well. Good day."

"G'day mate!" Jaime grinned. Bolton gave him a long, hard stare and finally turned to go. Closing the door, Jaime leaned against it from the inside and fist-pumped. Take that, spiders! There were still about 11 hours to go, and he definitely would have to go jogging and do everything else Bronn had recommended, but at least there wouldn't be any more interruptions from the outside.

"Jaime?"

Looking up, he saw Brienne standing in the doorway to her bedroom, only a sheet wrapped around her glorious body.

Twitch! Almost there, buddy, relax.

"Hey." he greeted her with a smile that froze somewhat when he couldn't decipher her expression in the least.

"Did you just lie to my boss?"  



by bearsofair



Jaime tried to gauge the expression on her Brienne’s face. Nope. She was most definitely not pleased with the idea that he had just lied to her boss.  “Well you work so hard,” he stammered. “I thought you deserved some time off. And with our countdown nearly over, I just thought—“  “You thought wrong, Jaime! You had no right to do that. I told you how much my job means to me and how Dr. Bolton never takes me seriously. Lying to my boss to get me out of work? Having a conversation with him while naked? Are you crazy?! He probably thinks I was having a sexual relationship with a patient!”  “Well you will be having a sexual relationship with a patient,” he chuckled uneasily, trying to lighten the mood.  “Don’t be so sure!” she retorted. “My pager. Where’s my pager? How could I have been so irresponsible?! This isn't like me,” she muttered to herself as she turned to search her bedroom.  “Brienne, you don’t mean to tell me you’re leaving now? Not after I already got you out of work?” he called down the hallway.  She returned a moment later, absent-mindedly shrugging into her white doctor’s coat as she continued to poke buttons on her pager. “That’s exactly what I plan to do. Regardless of what Dr. Bolton thinks of me at this point, I swore the Hippocratic Oath. I can’t break an oath, Jaime!”  “But, Brienne--“ he said pleadingly, placing one hand on her shoulder.  “No arguing!” Just then the pager in her hand buzzed again. “Listen to this. A young waitress has been bitten by the same species of spider that bit you. She was working at the 24-hour diner across from Vary’s hotel when it happened. Jaime, the spiders could be fleeing the hotel, and moving to surrounding locations. I have to help this girl! Look me in the eye and tell me you would have me selfishly ignore her in her time of need?”  Jaime sighed. “You’re right. There’s no honor in sitting around and doing nothing while a young girl’s life is in danger. You need to go.”  She gave him a stiff nod. “I will. I’m glad you understand. Oh, and Jaime,” she said as she began stepping out the door. “Put some pants on, and don’t get into any trouble while I’m gone,” she said in an exasperated tone as she closed the door behind her.  Jaime found his pants wadded up in a pile on the floor, and slipped them on. He was worried about Brienne being out in a spider-infested city. He new she was capable doctor, and if anyone stood a chance against these spiders it was her. But he didn’t like the idea of letting her out of his sight. He knew first hand what those little fuckers could do to a person, and he did not want Brienne to be on the receiving end of that. He wondered if maybe he should tag along with her…  No, that was probably the last thing she wanted, especially with the huge mess he had just made for her. It hadn’t been his intention to make things weird between Brienne and her boss. He hoped she would be able to cover for the situation he had so stupidly put her in, and that she wouldn't stay too upset with him. He’d have to find a way to make it up to her. He’d surprise her with dinner later, he decided. And maybe a fancy wine? A decadent dessert? And then his mind was suddenly thinking about all the ways he could make it up to her on an entirely more physical level…  Twitch.  He groaned in frustration. Yes. It was definitely going to be a long night. 



by december13



Jaime was desperate. He didn't know what to do with himself now that his doctor was out... doctoring... others. Well, as long as she wasn't professional with spider infected men the way she was... If her hands were to hold... touch!... someone else's penis he was going to track down that someone and cut off his sausage! Her hands were for his body and his body alone! Of course that also meant that she would have to stop being a doctor and he was well aware that idea of his would be the nail in the coffin of his sexing with her or marrying her or... anything with her... OK, so he would have to accept her doctor skills were to be shared. But she, Brienne herself, she was to be all his!  He tried going back to sleep. But her bed had a very distinct smell that was overpowering him now that she wasn't sleeping next to him... Eau de Brienne... He would have to check with his people to trademark that name. And then make a limited edition of said toilette water just for his enjoyment.  He then moved to her living room. Maybe watching movies would make the time go faster? But he couldn't concentrate when her couch had a very subtle dent where her firm behind usually sat.  Tyrion called him. That brother of his always had a sixth sense when Jaime was suitable for teasing. And he was merciless! First he teased him for being sexually frustrated, then for being bitten on his dick, and then for being drunk and asking for erection killer advice, then for being sexually frustrated some more... He was making puns, lewd comments, called him "Horny Leghorn" (after Jaime growled at Tyrion's remark that he should change his name to "Randy Cock")... But Jaime managed to shut him up by saying that a local zoo was having a "Name a Pet" project, where you were to donate an insignificant amount of money and then you could name one of the newborn animals... He laughed when Tyrion huffed and said that he had another call waiting, at a suggestion for "Tyrion the Ass" or "Tyrion the Baboon"... He loved that little bastard brother of his!  The shower was there to offer him a relief. Or he thought so. But showering also meant that he was using Brienne's products and that only made his... heart... grow bigger. Showering was not an option!  Jaime texted Brienne... He texted her again... After she didn't respond to his five or six (or maybe even eleven) texts, he called her. She never answered and after a while his calls went straight to her voicemail. He left her a message to call him back. Then, to ask how she was. Then to ask if she was replacing his dick with another man's one. He sang "I Put a Spell on You"... She stayed unreachable.  He ordered Bronn to deliver flowers to Brienne. That slimy friend/employee of his was more than happy to return the mangled flowers back to Jaime. When he asked if Brienne gave any message for him, Bronn looked him up and down and grinned:"Just one thing." At Jaime's impatient order to tell him what it was, Bronn mimicked her voice:"I will stop counting."  Jaime decided to try and put himself in her good graces by making something for breakfast or... whatever it was to be called when she returned.  ---  The house was unusually quiet when Brienne came back.  "Jaime?"  She was tired a bit after having to work all through the morning, but more than annoyed at Jaime and his antics. She hated that he was so distracting and probably disrespectful of her job. Although, she almost came rushing back to the house to drag him to her bed when she heard his rendition of that Bryan Ferry song... her mood song... How in the all hell he chose to sing that one song that always made her turned on was beyond her!  "Jaime? Are you in here?"  She wandered through the house, checking all the rooms - well, her bedroom and living room - bathroom and even her backyard... He was nowhere to be found... Brienne sighed... She didn't know if she was supposed to be glad he was out annoying someone else, giving her time to rest so she would be ready for... She felt the blush spreading like a tidal wave from her belly into two directions, one straight up to her neck and cheeks and the other down to her...  "Jaime?"  Brienne entered her kitchen and right there on the floor was Jaime, sitting and looking into nothing. The counter had been hiding him from her eyes earlier, but that didn't explain why he didn't say anything when she was calling for him... His eyes were unfocused and he was covered with something that strangely reminded her of pancake dough.  "Jaime? Is everything alright? ... Jaime?"  He slowly turned his head and looked at Brienne, crouching next to him.  "I tried to do good, Doc. So you wouldn't stop counting. I need you to not stop counting... And I wanted to make breakfast for you... and lunch... and breaklunch..."  Brienne smiled slightly:"You mean brunch?"  "Whatever it's called! And I had everything and then... I don't know... One moment, all the ingredients were in a bowl and I was... and then it was all over the floor and me... and I cleaned the kitchen the best I could and... Look at me! I'm half naked and sticky and dirty and..."  Brienne closed the distance, putting her hands on both sides of his head, kissing Jaime lightly on his lips.  "I am dirty, too, Jaime. I had to work for hours with no pause. Which means that I will have to take a shower. You will have to take a shower, too... So, I will have to go and wash myself, then you will have to go... It's not environmental. It's not practical... And you know me, Jaime. I'm very practical... Are you of the practical sort, Jaime?"  His eyes went dark in a second and he smirked:"We should take good care of our environment. And I wouldn't want all that hot water to waste in just one go." 



by GumTree



Jaime tread very carefully to the bathroom, his fingers laced with, as far as he was concerned, the redeeming gem of spider-infested, cursed continent – some vacation. He knew he couldn’t have imagined some of the crazy things that had happened thus far but neither could he have imagined her. She led him safely through the threshold of the bathroom, released him to his own devices, then questioned him with those incredible and now very dark blue eyes at the sound of the small lock turning.

“I told you, I’d protect you,” he said lightly but swallowed, a bit relieved when she shook her head and took off her white coat to fold, beginning to undress. He hadn’t even known her before this trip, then known enough to want her, and since then all he’d done is wait and be foiled; he’d be damned if he was letting anything else pop through that door to stop him, not a giant Australian-sized spider, not Bronn, not that Bolton creep, Tyrion, that ginger man, vindictive skunks, or a patient that had followed her home like a sick puppy attracted by her gentle demeanor, capable hands and… Jaime took a calming breath. He was a businessman, after all, used to negotiations to get what he wanted, but he couldn’t remember wanting something or someone so badly, waiting so long, jumping through hoops.

Twitch.

He licked his lips to see how quickly Brienne was creating a neat pile of folded clothes in undressing herself, sensible cotton below and thin, nude but lacy straps being unclasped by her long fingers behind her back. He had fantasized about taking her and now he fantasized about taking her back with him, if even eventually. People had done crazier things, hadn’t they, and since when had he cared what people think? This long-legged woman would do good to get out of this poisonous place where her up-to-no-good superiors could so easily dismiss her and then coming knocking on her door to send her in harm’s way – well, they had spiders (though less poisonous) and skunks about eighteen-thousand kilometers east, too. He would come with her here and maybe she would come with him there, a visit to start. He’d make sure they would have break-lunch catered and never leave his bedroom with the en-suite bath.

Throb.

How many hours? Was it forty-eight or forty at first? His dick didn’t feel sick, just neglected as it pointed to the object of his desire bending over with lean legs and a firm backside over the edge of the tub as she turned on the water to heat up. He shed his flour-dusted boxers to the floor and embraced her from behind as she straightened, his not-spasming-in-debilitating-pain dick nestling firmly and gratefully against her. She was flushed under him, didn’t smell as dirty as she said, had prickles of goose flesh and freckles all over her arms, and hard nipples that he’d love to see if only his fingers weren’t busy playing with them. She uttered a small sound and he smiled against the side of her neck, chancing a taste then, unable to resist teasing her. “Don’t go shy on me now, doc. You know how long I’ve wanted this. You,” he clarified in between kisses, trying not to grind too much, that would do no good, neither would teasing her in the wrong way.

“Jaime—for the love of, I’m still dressed!” she complained as he herded her into the shower, underneath its full spray as he followed and pulled the curtain bout in a flourish. It was just her underwear is what he would have told her if his feet weren’t moving without thought over the water-resistant bathmat below and his lips weren’t at hers, one kiss turning into several without end. She pushed gently back at him, her teeth nipping his lower lip, which she tentatively soothed with her tongue, before he invited it into her mouth, coaxing it to play. The kisses wouldn’t be enough but he enjoyed them, enjoyed finding new ways to breathe underwater with this woman, to hear the shift in her voice. She was almost unable as him to keep her hands still, smoothing them over his shoulder, teasingly down his stomach until he growled in warning. Not yet. He wouldn’t last if she did that. He hadn’t waited so long to play this particular game to strike out in the first few minutes. Her hands went to his nipples next to return the earlier favor, teasing him with small touches that grew bolder until he had no choice but to press her against the wall. It was enough that her back arched from the cool tile and her arms went around his shoulders for support with a murmur of protest.

“We have all day,” he said, if only he could last at least ten minutes of it; they’d waited so long. “Let me help you.” He couldn’t resist framing her hips with her body vulnerable before him. His hands slipped back to massage the firm muscles of her backside through the soaked material before one shifted to her front, a finger pressing gently against her as it ran upward before his hand dipped below the waistband entirely. Jaime groaned in satisfaction to feel how wet she was in a way that had nothing to do with the shower and as he slipped a finger into her she moaned. Latching onto the sound as well as her lips, Jaime wrapped a firm arm about his doc’s strong waist and slipped in another finger, fucking her slowly at first in a parody of what he’d like to do, planned to do, and he could have preened at how she writhed against him. Good, he thought, after all he’d been through he wanted her worse off than him. 

She moaned again against his lips as he crooked his fingers, his thumb brushing upward to worry and circle around and over and over her – she cried her release into his mouth, panted against his chest. Unfair she said. Jaime almost tired to look sorry but instead helped her with her unsteady legs in shedding her see-through undergarments. His definitely-feeling-better-dick knew exactly where it wanted to be.  



by ellethom



Her skin was everything he had ever imagined it would be, not as soft as one would wax poetic about, but her freckles. Hods her freckles were an endless cacophony of visualality.

He decided he would kiss every single one.

Later.

Jaime placed his fingers into his mouth and sucked the last bit of sweetness from them. It must have been the right thing to do because she kissed his mouth around the fingers there.

“I dunno if I can wait any longer.” he said once he had found a new location for his hand. Jaime gripped her thighs with both hands. The water fell around them and the steam was no where as hot as she had been.

Inside.

“Jaime,” she breathed. “Let’s clean up first, you’re still….sticky.”

“So are you,” he growled, stilling her movements with his fingers against her skin tighter, hotter. “Its been 46 hours, you would torment me another two?”

She pushed herself away from him with a gasp.. Jaime grinned to realize it was as hard for her to wait as for him. “No,” she said, washcloth and soap in hand. “But I would rather not be reminded of the Seventh Hells of Jello while we fuck.”

Throb.

“Your mouth is so filthy,” Jaime growled as he placed his head on her shoulder. “Perhaps we should start there.”

Brienne scooted further away from him, his head slid off of her shoulder. She soaped up the cloth and moved back toward him. “Let me,” she said shyly.

Jaime raised his arms out in victory. “Oh, by all means.”

It was absolutely the finest feeling he had ever felt. He was certain if she kept it up, he was going to embarrass himself, but maybe that wasn't such a bad thing. If he could get rid of the first batch, he would last longer, later.

Brienne washed him from neck to torso, and just when Jaime thought she would be getting to the money shot, she went to his feet. “How in the hell did you get flour between your toes? She asked as she sweetly bathed his metatarsals.

“I would have doused the entire kitchen in my shorts had I known you would take such great care.” He grinned.

“Be patient.” she scolded. Jaime sighed into the feel of her gentle but firm ministrations.

It was killing him.

Her hands spanned across his torso, his legs, his arms. Everywhere except where he needed her hands to be. “Brienne,” he had tried for sexy, but the plea came out with a croak, he was so painfully, thoroughly, Hard.
She gave him what could be a coquettish grin before turning him around and attacking his back with that damned washcloth.

He thought he might die.

She circled his ass, caressed him clean in long gentle strokes

He was certain he would die.

“Brienne,” he croaked again, “Please.”

She stood then, her smile offset by her own apparent desire. She took him in hand then, the washcloth fell to the no slip mat with a plop. With the slow firm strokes of sex kitten, she brought him even harder than before.

Jaime threw his head back and growled, feeling his release descending upon him like the second coming of Azor Ahai him but somehow unable to…

Her hand, the one not stroking him into madness was slithered around the base of his cock, tightly.

She was keeping him from coming.

And giving him more pleasure than should be legally allowed.

But she had him by the short and curlies.

In a daze, Jaime’s hands flew to the sides of the shower stall, he gripped for purchase but found none. Her movements had become faster, more frenetic.

He wanted to come.

He needed to come.

He felt himself flying. “Brienne,” he said again, a plea that she would stop holding him off; a plea that she would never stop.

He wondered if he would be the first Lannister to die in the shower.

Or, the first Lannister to die of orgasm.

His focus honed to one single thing then, her hands playing his dick like a goddess with a lute.

She was going to make him sing.

Loudly. 



by ikkiM




Brienne watched Jaime’s eyes seeming to roll back in his head as her called out her name. She released him and he released all over her. He fell into her and she held him up as his whole body quaked in her arms. She smiled into his hair as she felt strong and womanly and 

sexy

 for perhaps the first time in her life. She’d done this to him, given him this raw, overpowering pleasure, and he 

wanted

 her.

His arms tightened around her and he straighten slightly, relieving her of some of his weight. His hands rubbed up and down her back. He shifted his head and looked up at her. “That was amazing.” He kissed her jaw. “I’m not sure if I’m going to be able to walk again.” He nipped at her neck.

‘Well, why don’t we wash off and see if you can make it to the bedroom?” she asked, not allowing any hesitation to enter her voice.

Jaime perked up and grinned at her. “The bedroom.” He waggled his brows. “Yes.” He grabbed the washcloth and soap and began to wash them off. And he was humming.

She couldn’t quite catch the tune, but it didn’t matter as he spun her around to rinse the soap from her torso and sang in her ear.


“Oh, baby, what you done to me?
You make me feel so good inside
And I just wanna be close to you
You make me feel so alive.
  
  "

With a laugh she turned off the shower and asked him, “Jaime, are you singing Carole King’s 
  
Natural Woman

?

He grabbed a towel and wrapped her up. “Absolutely not. I’m singing the far superior Aretha Franklin version.”

Then, he really let fly at top volume.

“
  
You make me feel
You make me feeeeeeel
  
  ”

She covered his face with a towel before he could finish the chorus. He reached up and dried his hair.

He pulled the towel off of his head and grinned at her, hair tousled and golden, eyes glittering. “Now, my natural woman, what was that about the bedroom?”

They giggled down the hallway, Jaime behind her lifting the towel trying to get a glimpse of her backside before they collapsed on the bed and he ripped the towel away, leaving them both naked. She resisted the urge to cover herself with a sheet.

The shower had provided them both with the immediate release they needed, but she wanted more, something that lasted an entire night, or day as it may be. If she was going to have a fling with a gorgeous god and former patient, she was going to enjoy every moment of it.

He leaned over her and kissed her, pressing his body fully into hers. She could feel his cock pressing against her thigh, twitching but not yet ready for round two. 
  
Gods

 he was an amazing kisser. It was as if he was kissing her with his entire body. She felt surrounded and wanted and desired and 

hot

. So hot.

She wrapped a leg around him and let her hands wander, reveling in the feel of his muscles tensing under her touch, his soft moans in her ear, his cock stiffening against her. He pulled his mouth from hers and drew back.

“Fuck Doc, you are so amazing. Your tits are perfect. Perfect for my hands. See how they fit.” And she looked down with him. His hands were incredible, touching and stroking and tweaking, driving her mad, his golden skin against her pale, freckled flesh. “And your legs, the way they wrap around me. My body was made for yours.”

Her hips began to rock against him. She was ready and he was as well. “Jaime,” she moaned. “Let me get something from my nightstand drawer.”

He pulled back, eyes heavy with desire and mischief, “Sex toys?” he asked.

She giggled, dear gods, actually 
  
giggled,

 “No, a condom.”

“Gods yes, I can’t wait anymore,” he groaned.

She ripped the package open and took him in hand, only trembling a little as she fitted the condom over him. He moaned and tugged at her hair, rolling her onto her back and positioning himself at her entrance. He looked down at her and she nodded.

She didn’t even recognize the sound she made as he slid inside her. Her fingers dug into his back as he lay still atop her, letting them both adjust to the sensation.

“Doc, I’m afraid this isn’t going to last very long,” he groaned. “But I promise I’ll find a way to last longer before our wedding night.” And he began to move.

Brienne’s thoughts were a jumble of pleasure and confusion. 
  
Wedding night?
 



by QuizzicalQuinnia



Twitch.

Her whole body, everything was thrumming and twitching. Maybe there was something wrong with her nerves, maybe she should have a scan...

No, of course not. It was just Jaime and her reaction to Jaime and Jaime's body which was in direct contact with her body from head to toe. Some of the sides, too, and one of his hands was sliding under her to fondle her rear, and also the inside part.

Gods, he was the most beautiful man she'd ever seen. She didn't really comprehend exactly how this was happening. The most beautiful man on the planet who had the most beautiful cock, which really was totally absurd but somehow to be expected, was in her house. In her bed. Naked and on top of her, and inside her. He seemed to be enjoying himself immensely as he his rocked himself into her over and over.

He was very, very strong. She gasped and arched her back, opening her hips wider and wrapping one leg around his back, the other under his muscular, glorious ass.

She did not usually think in such terms. She couldn't be blamed, she decided. If she never had sex ever again, she didn't even care. If would never be this good. She let out some horrendous moaning nonsense as he licked her nipple.

"Jaime..." she mumbled incoherently.

"Yes?" he licked again, the other one.

"I...I..." she had no idea why she was bothering to speak. She had no words.

He thrust hard and lifted his face to watch her. "What do you want me to do, Brienne?" he purred.

She didn't know. She wanted everything. Ninety percent of her brain was fixated on the feel of his cock in her. The other ten percent struggled to remember the ridiculous thing he had said as they began. What was it? Wedding night, that was it. She should wonder about that. She did, but then didn't because cock.

She lifted one arm that felt as if it weighed a thousand pounds and tapped her lips with her index finger. He grinned. The bastard. She squeezed around him, one two three, just like those helpful kegels advised. She watched his eyes cross as he stilled for just a second.

"You'll pay for that, wench," he growled, claiming her mouth with heated lips and wandering tongue.

Her hair tangled against her pillow, her skull hit the headboard. At least it was padded. He gripped her hips and slid them down the bed a few inches before resuming the onslaught.

"Are you close?" he pleaded with blown pupils. She could feel his racing heartbeat against her breasts.

She nodded and licked his jawline because it looked delicious. His eyes were barely green anymore, and he watched her as he slid one hand between them. She couldn't maintain the contact when his thumb found that particularly overwhelmed spot. Her lids slammed shut, her head rolled back, her hips tightened as they cradled him.

His breath warmed her ear. "Come for me," he demanded.

She saw stars and starbursts, bursting stars, other kinds of stars probably. Stars and things. Supernovas! That was it. Her body was tight ropes of steel, relentless ocean waves, boneless jelly. She held him as he coiled, joining her in satiation, and then his entire weight was lead on her body, but she didn't care. She was strong enough to handle it.

Too soon, he slid to one side just enough to stop crushing her. She missed it. He buried his face against her neck, one thumb drawing lazy circles around her nipple, his thigh draped over hers.

She did not want to, but could not help it. "Jaime?"

"Mmm."

"What did you mean?" she whispered. Why did you say what you said when you said it?

He lifted his head just enough to meet her gaze. "You have the most beautiful eyes."

She glared at him without really meaning it. "That's not what you said."

He cupped her breast, and already she could feel that the one time was just not enough. "Isn't it?"

She shook her head. He nipped at her lips. "I meant that I've got a few weeks here, and then I have to go back to work. You can come visit me then. We'll trade off. The flights are too long, but it's worth it. Soon enough, we'll figure it out."

Oh, was that all? Just some insane long-term visitation plan? He couldn't possibly mean it.

"You can't possibly mean that, Jaime. You'll go home and forget all about this in a week." She hated the bitterness in her voice.

He was not laughing or grinning. He looked deadly serious as he rose on one forearm to hover over her. "I will never forget you or this. I think it's best if you get used to me immediately or I'll have to become extremely annoying until you give in."

She knew that becoming used to him would not be at all difficult. That was the problem.  



by justme



The rest of the afternoon was spent with Jaime being very.. attentive. He had claimed that he had to make up for that first performance which in no way reflected on his true capabilities as a lover. Brienne had laughed at that, because hot damn! What he considered a below average and "too quick" performance had made her see stars, probably go cross-eyed, and turned her limbs into a satisfied puddle of goo. In short: She had no complaints whatsoever. Jaime however, had taken her quick giggle as a challenge and gotten this very determined, very very sexy, look on his face and promptly set out to show her what he could do. And by the Gods, that was a lot!

As they lay next to each other after the third (or was it the fourth?) round, panting, she was quite amazed she could still string two thoughts together. For the first time ever she could understand the saying of "having your brains fucked out". Hers surely must've had liquified by now and for the life of her, Brienne couldn't find it in herself to mourn the potential loss of her grey matter. Not when he could make her feel so sexy, wanted, powerful, desirable, cherished and satisfied yet still hungry for more...

Speaking of which..

Her loudly growling stomach interrupted her post-coital bliss. Brienne slapped a hand on her belly while Jaime next to her chuckled.

"I never made you those pancakes, did I?"

Ugh. That reminded her of real life outside of her bedroom. The kitchen was still a sticky mess. Oh, what the hell! She decided right then and there she would be giving herself a day off from being a responsible adult and real life in general today and leave it all for tomorrow. Definitely a decision of post-sex puddle-brain, but one the rest of her wholeheartedly supported. Turning to Jaime, she smiled.

"Nope, you didn't."

His hand came up to caress over her arm and side, and just like that all the little nerve endings were alert and wide awake again.

"I would say I'm sorry, but to be honest, they probably wouldn't have been very good anyway. Cooking is not on my list of things I'm very good at."

"That's okay. You have other..talents."

He gave her a downright dirty grin and pulled her closer for a kiss. Before that could escalate into round five or the prelude to it however, Brienne pulled back and put her hand on his chest to stop his lips from following hers. Jaime pouting made her almost reconsider, but then her stomach growled again.

"Right. Food. I did tell your boss I had taken you out for dinner, after all." he winked at her.

"Oh..we don't have to go out. We can just order a pizza or..."

His eyes darkened and he bit his lip.

"There's no way I can keep my hands off you if we stay here."

Sentences like that definitely made her want to stay in. Especially combined with the way his fingertips were still caressing her skin. Food was totally overrated anyway. Again, that was definitely puddle-brain talking and again the rest of her couldn't find fault in it.

"So doc..how about you jump into the shower first while I correct my mess in your kitchen and then we go grab a bite?"

A sexgod that cleaned up after himself? Brienne could only nod and after another kiss head to the bathroom quickly on shaky legs before she jumped him. Again. Perhaps going out to eat wasn't a bad idea after all; he couldn't talk all that much when his mouth was full and apparently, every single word he said turned her on now.

Flicking on the lights, Brienne caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror. Her hair resembled a bird's nest, her lips were red and swollen from their kisses, her skin was flushed and had several spots where Jaime had left his traces. Objectively, she resembled a real mess. And yet, as she caught herself thinking she had never looked better, she just knew this time it was not only her puddle-brain speaking.  



by ikkiM



As he sat at dinner, looking across at a furiously blushing Doc, Jaime began to think he’d made a mistake. Not with her. Never with her. She was everything and more. But with his cock. After he’d showered, he’d explored a bit in her bedroom. He probably shouldn’t have, but that drawer full of white cotton underwear did things to him. He’d found a small bottle of her perfume and sprayed it on his crotch. It seemed like a fun thing to do at the time, making himself smell like her. Not that he’d noticed her actually wearing perfume.

Whatever the spray was, it was making him itch, just a little. Not that he could look at her and not think about his cock anyway, but that was good thinking. Very good thinking. Very, very good thinking. The way she looked at the menu made him twitch. Her long fingers on her water glass made him twitch. Her laugh. Her smile. Her eyes. He didn’t mind the twitching at all, but he didn’t like the itching.

He’d made sure to find a restaurant that served her favorite peel and eat shrimp and ordered a giant bucket. The place was a bit of a dive, but Bronn’s text had assured him that this was the best seafood place in town and Brienne’s eyes had lit up when he suggested it. Now she was eating shrimp and her skin was flushed and her lips. Gods her lips.

Twitch.

He grinned.

Itch.

He frowned.

She looked at him curiously. He fed her a shrimp and asked her about medical school. He could tell she was normally so shy, but when she talked about her passion, medical treatment and toxicology, she glowed.

He told her about Tyrion and his work. How this was his first vacation in years, trying to assure her that he could take plenty of time off for them to be together until they figured things out. Their meals arrived, hers a giant platter of shrimp in every variety, his a nice thick steak. He was having the perfect night.

Twitch.

Itch.

Godsdammit. He was going to have to go to the men’s room and scratch. He hoped he hadn’t developed a rash.

He got up to excuse himself for a minute, then grinned, leaned down and kissed her. He meant it just to be a peck. Of course that’s what he meant. Her lips were just so addictive and she tasted faintly of cocktail sauce.

Throb.

Itch.

Fuck. He broke their kiss. She was so sexy all flushed and dark eyes. He had to go scratch though. He kissed the tip of her nose and headed off to the men’s room at top speed.

He looked at the row of urinals. It probably wasn’t a good idea to stand there and inspect his cock while just anyone could come in and watch. He didn’t want to get arrested for being some sort of bathroom perv. He entered the stall, locked the door, dropped trou and had a seat. He looked down at his cock. It looked fine enough, considering all it had been through, the spider trauma followed by the most incredible sex of his life. He gave it a good rub. That felt good. He did it again. That relieved some of the itching. He leaned his head back and gave it a full scratch. That relieved some of the issue.

Then suddenly, he felt it. No! Gods No! He looked down to see the small eight-legged creature scurrying away from his dick and another approaching. He’d been bitten again and was about to get a third bite. He smashed the offending spider with his shoe, picked it up with a bit of tissue and shoved it in his pocket. He stood up and jerked up his pants. His dick was throbbing and not in a good way. He had to get to Brienne.

He made his way back to through the restaurant, feeling the beads of sweat popping out on his brow. He threw some cash on the table and grabbed her arm, pulling her up from the seat. “Doc, we gotta go.”

“Jaime, what’s going on?” she asked, clearly distressed, as he dragged her from the restaurant.

He kept his cool until they got in the car, her at the wheel. “Doc, we have to get to the hospital, now.” He looked at her, dreading telling her. “I got bit by a spider, again.”

“On the…?” she asked, her blue eyes wide and disbelieving.

He nodded feeling the ache spread through his crotch. He wondered if he were swelling. He pulled the tissue from his pocket and showed her.

She looked at it and her eyes grew wide. “Jaime, that’s a Latrodectus hasseltii, a jockey spider.”

“Is it going to kill me?” he groaned, feeling the sweat covering his face. His dick was burning, swelling, aching, like a dozen needles were being shoved in it.

She shook her head, put the car in gear and headed towards the hospital. “No, but it’s going to hurt. A lot.”

Jaime felt like his dick was breaking apart. He wanted to scream.

Brienne drove smoothly and confidently. Jaime wanted to bash his head into the windshield to ease the pain. “How did this happen again?” she asked.

“I don’t know, Doc. They must be attracted to your perfume or something. I sprayed some on myself before we left your place,” he gritted out, feeling like his dick was about to explode.

“You mean the spray bottle in my underwear drawer? Jaime, that’s not perfume. That’s spider attracting pheromones!” 

 (image of Jaime's thoughts by GumTree)



by justme



Jaime knew there were going to be questions on both sides. He knew he should ask Brienne why she kept spider attracting pheromones in her underwear drawer. Or why she kept that stuff at home at all. He also knew she would probably, at some point, ask about why he had sprayed his crotch with what he assumed was her perfume. But all that would have to wait, since he just couldn't be bothered thinking about the answers while he was busy dying. Or so it felt at least. Brienne had said it would hurt a lot and boy had that been the understatement of the year. His dick felt like it was going to shrivel up and fall off any second now and a tiny part of Jaime would've even encouraged and welcomed that just to make the pain go away, had he not also known that he would be missing his dick a lot rather sooner than later. Oh good Gods! The realization that there would be another sexless time-out for them after this bite was treated hit him. Another 48 hours at least and all that after they had finally made love and he now knew exactly what he would be missing out on. Now Jaime really wanted to bang his head against the windshield. Fucking spiders. He made a mental note to start looking into making LannisCorp give money to spider-killing spray and machinery developers. It was time to strike back against the evil arachnids of the world. Alright, so the pheromones had surely contributed to the second bite and maybe, just maybe because of spraying spider attracting stuff on himself, he bore a little of the blame, but the fact remained: You don't bite a man's dick twice and get away with it! He had had plans for this night; glorious, naked plans and now they had been shot to shit, dammit!

"Oh bollocks!" Brienne exclaimed, pulling him away from the soothing and satisfying mental image of holding a giant can of spider-death-spray and going wild on some eight-legged freak.

"What?" he pressed out between his clenched teeth.

"There's a construction site ahead and I can't turn around. Brace yourself."

"What do you mean 'brace you---AAAAAAAAH!"

As much as Jaime would've liked to, there was no way he could have suppressed the agonized scream that burst out of him as Brienne had to drive over a pothole.

"I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry!" she kept apologizing while Jaime whimpered, his hand cradling the crotch of his pants, where his dick had apparently decided that every bit of pain before had just been warm-up. It wasn't very manly, he supposed, but right now, he would've loved to pass out.

"We're almost there." Brienne promised and sure enough, not three minutes later, they could see the hospital in front of them. His beacon of hope.

"Do you think you can walk in yourself?" she asked while parking the car.

"Of course." Jaime replied, opening his door and swinging his legs out. Or trying to. The movement made yet another scream-worthy lightning bolt of pain radiate through his whole body, epicentering around his dick. This time he managed to hold the scream in, though, just huffing and puffing like he imagined a woman in labor might be. He leaned his side against the seat again.

"On second thought, the wheelchair might be a good idea."

"Okay, I'll get it. Hold on."

Brienne ran off into the ER while Jaime closed his eyes and focused on taking deep breaths of the fresh night air and not crying.

"Alright, hop in then." a voice that was definitely not Brienne's made his eyes pop open again after a minute or two. A male nurse was standing in front of him with the wheelchair, looking down at his agony in impatience.

"Who are you? Where's Bri---Doctor Tarth?" he asked while attempting to get out of the car again.

"The resident shemale? He is preparing everything for your treatment. I'm nurse Connington, but you can also call me Red Ron."

And that was just the right incentive Jaime had needed to jump out of the car, dick pain be damned.
 



by ellethom



He wasn't brought into the room once she had finished readying the procedure room for his new bite. Brienne strolled into the emergency room hallway all irritation and indignation. “My patient!” she nearly yelled at the nurse at the station. Where is he? He was brought in with a serious bite!”

“Couldn’t have been that serious.” Brienne whipped around to the voice behind her. Dr. Bolton stood with his hands clasped behind his back. “He seemed fine enough to assault the nurse who went out to get him.”

No, Jaime wouldn't do that, would he? Maybe the pain had made him aggressive? Maybe the toxin caused some odd symptom?

“I don't understand.” She said finally. “Where is he?”

“He’s in radiology wight now.” Bolton smirked, his hand spreading as if to direct the tall woman where to go.

“Radiology? Why?” She hated that she sounded like a whiny soccer mom whose kid got nicked on the field. They always made a mountain out of an abrasion.

To his credit, the bastard seemed to be enjoying her confusion. “Well, we have to xray his hand. He hit Connington pretty hard.”

Connington. Oh gods, why him? Of all people to be sent out to bring Jaime into the hospital. “What did he do?” she asked.

Bolton grinned, tilted his head and responded. “I told you, Dr. Tarth. He hit Nurse Connington.”

“No,” she said, rubbing her hand over her face in frustration. “I get that part. I mean what did Connington do?”

“Are you suggesting that one of our own nurse’s provoked him?” Bolton grabbed her elbow and lead her to the side of the nurses’ station. “May I remind you that you have had Mr. Lannister in your home for the past three days. Naked?”

She was livid, red blotches covered her face and she gawped like a fish at Dr. Bolton’s accusations. “I don't see how that is in any way remotely related to--”

“Doctor Tarth. You work at this hospital under the same set of rules that we all do. Your credentials and privileges here come with a set of...standards and practices that must be followed.”

What are you saying?” She fired at the Chief of Staff.

Dr. Bolton smiled, and in that gentle quiet voice he spoke. “I think we are long overdue for a quiet conversation. In my office. Now, please.”

---

She found him in the room that she had prepared for his procedure. He was dopey eyed and his hand and dick were wrapped. She tried to tamp down the irrational anger that someone else had touched him. Brienne approached him carefully and put her hand on his shoulder. “Jaime, what happened?”

“It’s not my fault!” he intoned like the petulant five year old Brienne was becoming attached to. “And where were you? I had to suffer the indignity of being paraded around her in nothing but my very revealing hospital gown. You missed the show, Wench.”

She smiled, placed a kiss on his forehead. “I had a meeting, sorry.”

Jaime grabbed her hand and pulled her closer. “You’re my personal, Doc. How is a meeting planned right when I need you most!”

“It wasn’t planned, Jaime. And everything is fine. How do you feel?”

“They gave me the good drugs!’ he grinned. “I can smell colors now.”

She smiled. “Why did you hit Nurse Connington?”

Jaime’s green eyes flashed a color she was certain had put the fear of the gods into hundreds before her. “That prick had it coming.”

“Jaime,” she tried.

“I don't wanna talk about it, Doc.” He grinned again. “I would rather scooch over and make room for you in this gods awful bed.”

Nurse Tarly, large, round and amiable peaked his massive head through the room’s door. “Dr. Bolton wanted me to remind you that visiting hours end in ten”

Brienne sighed. “Yes, Nurse Tarly. I recall.” The bastard just wanted to remind her that her situation had now changed.

Jaime’s good hand tugged firmer at her own. “No visiting hours. She’s my Doc.” he said.

Tarly squeaked and tugged the door closed. “Not anymore, Jaime.” she sighed.

“What?” he seemed to clear from his fog in full anger now. “What are you saying?”

“My privileges at this hospital have been revoked until further notice.”

“They can’t!”

“They can, Jaime.” She patted his hand and made herself busy arranging his things on the chair next to his bed. “I am suspended until a hearing can clear me of any...impropriety in your case. “

Jaime’s silence scared her, he was a man accustomed to the sound of his own voice, but his silence was deafening. “I’m sorry, Jaime.”

“I’ll fix this.” he said suddenly.

“Even your famous name can't allay this one, Jaime.” She rubbed a large hand over his head, through his golden hair. “Everything will be fine.”

“But you could lose your job." Jaime whined.

“There are others, Jaime. I thought i could do some good here, but there are too many factors, too many people who think a woman’s place isn't in this hospital.”

He grabbed for her again. “I hate this.”

“Me too,” she sighed, Brienne glanced at her watch. Five minutes and she would have to return to her empty house. Alone. One week ago she would not have cared, would have welcomed the time off until the hearing.. Now.

Now.

Jaime raised up onto his elbows and swung his legs over the side. Facing her. “Brienne, this could be a blessing in disguise.”

“Oh?” she asked, mentally counting down the minutes before she would have to leave his side.”How so?”

“You could come to King’s Landing.”

“Jaime, my life is here.” she insisted but could not think of a single thing that would keep her here other than her house payment. “I can't.”

“Marry me.” 



by ikkiM



It was a great idea just to propose. His original idea of not rushing things and traveling every couple of weeks was crap. Total crap. As if he could go weeks without seeing her. Seeing her naked.

He tried to stand up but wobbled. She caught him in her big strong arms. He snuggled his face into her chest, wrapped his arms around her and sighed happily.

“What?” she asked.

He looked up at her, her amazing face, her blue eyes. “You can come to King’s Landing. We have spiders there and everything. And if we don’t have the spiders you want, I’ll see what I can do to get LannisCorp to import them for you.” He shuddered at the thought of spiders, but if that’s what Doc needed to make her happy, he’d give her a whole spider aviary. But an aviary was for birds. Spider house? Spider den? Spider cellar? Spider cave?

“What?” she asked again and seemed to be trying to maneuver him back into bed. That was fine, as long as she came with him. He made sure to keep his arms around her.

“You can have your very own spider glass shed thing with spiders and stuff as long as they don’t leave it. Can you train them to stay in their spider cottage? Can you?” he asked. “Can you be the spider whisperer?”

She was trying to tuck him in and get him to release her, as if that was ever going to happen.

“Did Connington hit you or something? Or have they overdone your drugs?” she said as she pulled one of his hands from around her waist. Hah. He used the other arm to pull her close and angled one leg to hook around her, causing her to fall on top of him, exactly where he wanted her.

“Connington,” he spat out the name. “Now there’s an asshole who needs fired.”

Brienne squirmed about on top of him and she felt so good. He wrapped both legs around hers, hooking his ankles together.

“Jaime, let me up. What did Connington say to you?”

She was struggling to get out of the bed. Little did she understand that a Lannister could get what he wanted and what he wanted was her snuggled up with him all night.

“That asshole suggested you were the one who bit my dick.” The thought of Brienne’s mouth down there, kissing him, making it all better, flashed through his mind. He hummed happily. “I had to shut him up.” And he had, no matter that now his hand hurt worse than his dick, which was really not at all. These drugs were awesome. “Would you settle down woman so we can get some sleep?” He nuzzled his face into her hair.

He was just about to fall asleep despite her big wriggliness when he heard a distinctly familiar throat being cleared. He opened his eyes and focused on the men standing in the doorway. “Tyrion!” he shouted happily. Brienne had stopped moving. He patted her on the butt. “This is my wife-to-be, Spider Doctor Brienne of Goddess Legs. Be nice to her.”

A throat cleared again. That wasn’t Tyrion’s throat clearing…

--

Tywin stared at his clearly drugged son as Jaime wrestled with the largest, ugliest woman Tywin had ever seen. And Jaime had just announced his intent to marry. The woman appeared to be trying to rise from the bed while Jaime clung to her like a limpet.

When his contacts had reported that Jaime had been in the hospital, he’d first contacted Tyrion. His younger son had insisted that Jaime was fine, but a little drugged up and possibly in love. That, of course, required immediate investigation. On their plane ride from King’s Landing, he’d read the full dossier on Doctor Brienne O. Tarth. She had all the makings of a brilliant researcher and physician but seemed to be a lousy businesswoman and terrible at self-promotion. If Jaime was in love and intending to marry and have children all of that could be forgiven.

“Jaime,” Tywin instructed. “Let that woman go.”

Jaime huffed, “I don’t want to.” His eldest son then crossed his arms like he’d done as an obstinate child. That seemed to provide the woman the leverage she needed to escape. She stood by the bed, clothes askew, hair a mess, face flaming.

Jaime reached out and grabbed her hand. He stage whispered, “Don’t be scared, Doc. It’s just my father. He may be evil, but at least he won’t bite anyone on the dick.”

Doctor Tarth slowly closed her eyes.

Tyrion began to giggle. Of course he would.

“Tyrion,” Tywin commanded. “Go find whichever useless hospital administrator we need to speak to about ensuring that Jaime gets proper medical care. Buy the hospital if you have to. I don’t care.” Tywin glared down at his youngest son. Unfortunately his ability to intimidate his children had lessened as they’d grown.

Tyrion winked and saluted, turning to that chubby nurse and heading off down the hallway.

Tywin straightened his jacket and tie before approaching the woman, hand outstretched. “Doctor Tarth. I’m Tywin Lannister, Jaime’s father.”

Jaime, who was now licking the tips of the woman’s fingers as she tried to pull her hand away. Tywin retracted his hand. Hers was now covered with his son’s slobber, and while she might not mind, he certainly did.

She nodded and spoke, her voice strangled. “Mr. Lannister. Pleased to meet you.”

She wasn’t pleased to meet him. Few people ever were. No matter. Time to cut to the heart of the situation. “Tell me, have my son’s injuries in anyway effected his fertility and ability to have children?” he asked. 



by Coraleeveritas



Brienne felt the unmistakable wave of red hot heat rush up her neck, invading her cheeks with all the fury of a thousand hungry soldiers. Jaime's father remained perfectly still but seemed to watch as each flickering flame lived and died, narrowing his eyes pointedly before she even had a chance to close her mouth from the last not so pleasant pleasantry. On any other day the question wouldn't have come as such an embarrassing surprise, it was only natural that a man in the prime of his life, like Jaime, single and attractive and thinking about a wife and a family, like Jaime, would be concerned about any potential problems that might arise from the delicate nature of his bite.

 Bites  , she corrected herself quickly, wondering whatever possessed him to spray  anything  alcohol based on a barely healed wound. Or herself for keeping spider pheromones in an old perfume bottle. Of course, never in her wildest dreams had she expected someone like Jaime Lannister to be rifling through her underwear drawer after the most amazing sex in the history of...well, in the history of....

"Your eyes smell like the seaside." Jaime tugged on her sleeve, demanding attention again. However hard he'd hit Connington, and she knew the bastard had well and truly deserved it, the drugs still felt a little heavy handed considering what had just been circulating in his system earlier in the week.

She crinkled her nose, forgetting about their audience of one for a second, and Jaime grinned at the gesture. "The seaside is good, like you. Cotton candy, all those rides, hook a duck games. We should take our kids there one day."

She ignored his last remark, having not yet formulated a response to his proposal. In the morning he could have forgotten about either or both, it wasn't worth getting her hopes up over comments made by a stoned romantic. No matter how gorgeous he was or how many times he'd encouraged her to orgasm with his tongue. "That's a fairground."

"No, it's not. Have you never been to the seaside before?"

"Of course I have. I-"

"Dr Tarth," Tywin Lannister cleared his throat in a manner that indicated he expected an answer immediately or there would be hell to pay. "I understand that in your circles these things happen on a daily basis, but I would appreciate your expertise right now."

Brienne gently pulled her hand away from where it was getting closer and closer to Jaime's ever eager lips, hearing him make a noise like a wounded kitten as she moved to the end of his bed and picked up the chart. Bolton's spidery hieroglyphics covered the page, every word feeling like a painful reminder of how long her boss had wanted her out of the department.

"Your son is no longer my patient, Mr Lannister, so I am unable to speak in specifics but it is very unlikely that this type of bite will cause lasting damage. As long as Jaime rests for an appropriate length of time, his future children will be fine."

Jaime tried, and failed, to wink at her. "48 hours, Doc. Just give me a power bar and I can go all night again."

"The only place you'll be going tonight is back to radiology." Brienne flinched as Bolton's voice trickled ominously in from the hallway, not realising that he'd been eavesdropping. And gathering evidence.

"Dr Qyburn would like another look at Mr Lannister's broken hand. You are welcome to go upstairs with him,  Miss  Tarth, while I finish processing his transfer paperwork back to KL General." 



by december13



"And who might you be?"   Tywin Lannister was a very imposing man, frightening even, but never more so than when he wasn't trying to be. When he looked bored or... nonchalant... that's when he was the most intimidating... And prone to do harm... He glanced at Dr. Bolton, assessing him, probably already cataloging in his head what ever he came up with.  But Bolton was not someone to be easily scared. He turned to the newcomer in a room, giving him his most  why are you wasting my time you, lower than the lowest, scum  smile. Brienne never had met anyone who was able not to fidget or flinch when Bolton was smiling that way, and worry overcame her when Tywin Lannister not only managed to hold the stare, but gave one similar in return.  "I am the one in charge here Mr - ?"  "Lannister. Father of this...," and he caught his son, the heir of all the Lannister wealth (but more importantly, name!), grinning like a fool at a towering woman standing next to his bed, all the while trying to scoot over to her hip and... nuzzle it? And with his head?!  "...man, here."  He sighed internally; if only his children were more careful and minded their behavior when he was dealing with the pricks of the world. Tywin was always a quick judge of character and he decided, in less than a glimpse of an eye, that he didn't like  the one in charge  . There was something about him, the fact that he showed no respect, that he held his ground when in presence of  one named Lannister  , that Tywin immediately recognized as danger; not to him, but to his ego... And no one ever came close to scratching the tip of the iceberg, on a mountain, seated on the far edge of his ego, and he wasn't going to give this person a chance.  "Ah, and father of Lannister doesn't have a first name?"  "I only use it when I'm filing a lawsuit. Technicalities, as you well know."  Brienne stood in the middle of, what seemed to be, a shoot down between cowboys where one wore a black Stetson and the other wore... an even more black one... She knew Dr. Bolton was well aware of who Tywin Lannister was, so this whole situation was weird and fascinating at the same time.  "Mr. Lannister is fine then. I am Dr. Bolton, the chief of med..."  "What you are is of no importance to me. I understand that my son was already seen by a radiologist. Is there a reason for another look, as you call it?"  "I wouldn't go into details, but Dr Qyburn believes there is a need. Providing the best care for our patients  is  this hospital's motto."  If she wasn't afraid of losing her job, Brienne would've laughed out loud at the  hospital's motto  . The care was never of primary concern for Bolton and his henchmen, but profit. She tried fighting to have more experts hired, but she wasn't in a position to decide on anything but patients she was attending, and even then she was reminded that the hospital had a certain amount of beds and that she should clear off more (and as fast as possible) - so new patients would come in their places and not find help in one of the other hospitals in the area.   "And that Dr. Qyburn is a specialist in radiology or an orthopedist?"  "Dr. Qyburn is a renowned specialist with 30 years of experience."  "Radiologist or orthopedist?"  "Well, neither. He is an expert in the same field as  Miss  Tarth and..."  "Then he will not be the one to care for my son. And, if I am not mistaken, Miss Tarth is also  doctor  Tarth. Shouldn't you address her as such?"  "Dr. Tarth exhibited conduct not befitting of a doctor. She is suspended until further notice."  Brienne felt anger and embarrassment color her cheeks, but she was tongue-tied. These two men were freezing the Antarctic with their cold glares aimed at each other and at her, and Jaime was yet again reverted to licking her fingers.  "Do tell."  "She was seen with a naked man, a patient, if you must know! That is highly unprofessional, you will agree?"  Tywin looked back at Brienne, noticing how Jaime, who earlier claimed that he would marry (give him grandchildren!) this woman, was enchanted with her. Drugged, yes, but not enough to mistake her for someone else... And she most certainly didn't look like one of those hussies that ran circles around his sons, and her work (and overall) biography was more than stellar.  "Did the said patient make any formal complaints? I would like to talk to him... Strictly to ensure that my future daughter-in-law deserves her place in my family."  In the instant both Dr. Bolton and Brienne went still. Brienne opened her mouth to try and disaffirm the previous statement, just to close it the second she realized she was rendered speechless.  "So, the patient?"  "I believe it was your own son, father. And, no, it wasn't me. Unfortunately, if I might add."  All eyes in the room searched for the voice coming from somewhere near the floor, just to find Tyrion Lannister grinning back at them standing in the doorway.  "Also, he was released from hospital and at Dr. Tarth's house when he got naked. I don't see anything unprofessional in the good doctor's demeanor."  "So I see... Alright then. Tyrion, do what's necessary to clear this mess surrounding Dr. Tarth because, and I am sure you will agree - Bolton, was it? I am sure that you agree that there is no reason for her suspension. It was  my  son naked in  her house  in  their  spare time... Tyrion, arrange to transport Jaime to our hotel and also have a suite ready for Dr. Tarth. Find a capable orthopedist and bring him to check on your brother's hand. Buy a portable scanner if that is what the quack would need... Oh, and Dr. Bolton? Dr. Tarth is taking a paid leave." 



by ikkiM



Jaime wrapped his arms around Brienne and nuzzled his face into her neck. He kissed her, but something was wrong. She was too...squishy, not at all his strong, muscular solid Doc. Her skin tasted wrong. It was all dry and weird like...cotton.

He opened one eye to find he was cuddling a pillow. He rolled onto his back and extended all four limbs, seeking her out, but he was the only person in the bed.

"She was in to check yer vitals a bit ago," a familiar voice spoke from across the room.

Jaime sat up and rubbed his temples. "Where is she now?" he asked.

"Dunno, maybe arguing with yer maker or having breakfast with your brother. Breakfast would be nice," Bronn ended mournfully as he sat down in the chair beside the bed.

Jaime looked around the room. It was a hotel, and a nice one. The last he'd remembered he'd been in a hospital room, painkillers…the rest was vague. He looked down at his hand, in a brace. At least he hadn't broken any bones cracking that asshole across the face. He lifted the sheet to check out his other injury. Everything looked fine, but he did sort of feel as if he'd gone ten rounds with Gregor Clegane.

He crinkled his brow, thinking over Bronn's words. He wasn't actually surprised that Tyrion had arrived, but the other..."My maker?"

"The Stranger's worst nightmare, He Who Shall Not Be Crossed, yer Lord Father," Bronn answered. "Bet he's havin' a good breakfast, probably with nice fat sausages."

"Father is here?" he sat up straighter. "How did that happen?"

Bronn sighed, "Well, as I understand it, yer precious arse needed more attention. The Death Lord showed up at the hospital with yer shit of a brother. They Lannistered and fixed it all for the golden son. Say, ya want some breakfast? We could order up."

Whatever his father had done or said to the hospital staff didn't really matter. What mattered was Brienne. He remembered hugging her, after she told him she was fired. Snuggling her, then, yes, Tyrion and father had arrived while he’d been cuddling her in bed.

“Is Brienne all right? Has Father offered to pay her off? Did he make her feel bad? Is she all right?"

Bronn propped his feet up on the bed, crossing his legs at the ankle. "Funny thing that. Yer father seems quite taken with her. Insists she needs to change her name ta Lannister after the wedding, which he thinks should take place in three months time. A quiet, elegant ceremony at Casterly Rock will be perfect and plans are in the works."

Jaime shook his head, trying to unscramble his brain, "What?"

"Not that yer Spider Doc is having any of that business. After Ser Sinister put the head doc in his place with something about defunding research projects, Tyrion said yer lady Doc was speechless for the entire time it took them to bundle you and yer delicate cock in the ambulance and bring you here. 'Twasn't until you were all tucked in and I was assigned to keep eye on ya that they had a big shouty in the hallway." Bronn grinned, "Well she was shouting, he was doing that whisper death voice."

"How did Brienne react to Father's controlling behavior?" Of course his father had come in and probably scared her off. Godsdamn that man.

"Well, 'snot like I listened," Bronn looked affronted.

Jaime tilted his head.

Bronn sighed, "Fine. I listened. She insisted it was just the drugs talking and the two of you were just a holiday fling to which his Lordship replied that he kept close tabs on every aspect of yer life and ya'd never had a holiday fling, nor had ya ever declared love for or proposed to a woman and therefore it wasn't the drugs talking. She told him that she was a medical expert and had a better understanding of the effects of opiates on the brain and that he needed to listen to her instead of the fancies of yer drugged arse. To which he asked if she was in love with you."

"And?" He needed that answer.

Bronn looked at the phone. "I could definitely go for some breakfast. Eggs, sausages, bacon..."

Jaime pulled out his most aristocratic tone. "They'll not be any food until you tell me Brienne's answer."

Bronn rolled his eyes and crossed his arms over his chest. "She said her feelings weren't the ones at issue and that it didn't matter what she felt 'cause you were just outta yer head and didn't love her."

Jaime felt himself sink just a little. She hadn't denied she was in love with him, but she hadn't admitted it either. How could she not know how he felt?

"That's when it got fun," Bronn continued with a chuckle.

"What?" Jaime asked.

"Yer Doc failed at Lannister negotiation, unsurprising really, and Lord GoldShit made her swear she would marry ya if ya declared yer love for her when ya weren't drugged up, the tricky bastard. Now can I get some breakfast?"

Jaime nodded and leaned back against the headboard. He definitely wanted to marry Brienne, but not because she'd been manipulated or tricked into it.

He needed to get her alone, talk to her, really explain how he felt.

There was a quick knock on the door and Bronn answered, letting Tyrion in.

"Hey big brother, glad to see you're awake. You need to get a shower and get dressed. Our plane to King's Landing leaves in an hour."  



by justme



"What plane to King's Landing? I have almost three weeks of vacation left." Jaime asked as Bronn left in search of breakfast. Tyrion waddled over to the chair by the window.

"Our father seems to be convinced that only his personal physician can give you the treatment you need to make a full recovery...or some shit. You're still assuming that I ever listen to anything the man says outside of a conference room."

"Pycelle? It'll be a cold day in all of the seven hells before I let that old fart touch my dick."

The thought alone sent an unpleasant shudder through him and not just because Pycelle always had freezing cold hands.

"I think it's more about your other injury, but I get what you mean. One time, he offered to break my legs to extend them afterwards. To think that just 6 to 12 months of paralyzing agony could've gained me an extra 3 inches.."

"He's a quack. Anyway, I will get up and shower but I'm staying here. I have my own personal physician now."

And the thought of her handling his dick brought a smile to his face and sent a very pleasant shudder through him, ending in a very welcome twitch. Which was good, since it meant that even a second nefarious arachnid attack on his genitals hadn't managed to cause lasting damage to the goods. But first things first. He needed to see Brienne and talk to her, let her know about his feelings and assure her that whatever Tywin had decided for them was not written in stone and that they were the ones making the decisions about them. Unless of course she wanted to get married as soon as possible. In that case, he was all for that, hells, they could elope and be husband and wife as soon as his dick got the green light. Far away from anything with eight legs, just him and Brienne and the biggest, most comfortable bed they could find. On second thought, the bed wasn't even that important, any flat surface would do. Although, on third thought, for their wedding night it might be nicer to have one after all..for the first one or three rounds anyway. And to rest in between..he wasn't sixteen anymore after all and his knees and or back might not take well to sleeping on hardwood floors.

Twitch! Yeah buddy, I'm looking forward to married life as well.

"You're not even listening to me, are you?" Tyrion's voice broke through the lovely mental image of him and his bride christening every couch, kitchen counter and wall in his apartment.

"Huh?"

"About your new personal physician.."

Now that got his undivided attention. Jaime narrowed his eyes; Tyrion seemed not as enthusiatic as anyone talking about the future Mrs Lannister should be. Or Lannister-Tarth. Whichever she liked better.

"What about Brienne?"

"I'm not sure how to tell you...she seems to be m.i.a."

"What?!"

"She left the hotel and we have no idea where she went."

Jaime flung the sheets back and got out of bed as fast as he could, not even registering the pain in his hand when he propped himself up on his right side.

"What do you mean 'no idea'? Where was Bronn when that happened? Why would she just leave?"

"As always, when something unpleasant in life happens, I would like to blame it on father."

Jaime was inclined to agree with his brother. According to Bronn, Brienne had held her own during her conversation with Tywin, but that didn't mean that he hadn't spooked her. This was not good. He slid his feet into the slippers conveniently standing in front of the bed.

"She probably went home, I have to go to her!"

"Jaime--" his little brother spoke up, but he didn't let him finish.

"I know, the plane. I already told you I'm not going."

"But--" Tyrion tried again, but got interrupted once more.

"Not now, I have to find the woman I love!"

With that, Jaime stalked over to the door, flung it open rather dramatically and left.

"Oka-hay...but you're only wearing your hospital gown..." Tyrion sing-songed into the empty room.
 



by QuizzicalQuinnia



The pretty noticeable draft greeting his ass-region stopped Jaime from entering the hotel elevator. As much as he wanted to rush over to Brienne's comfortable but far too small house, he probably shouldn't be half naked in the taxi.

Tyrion was standing in the middle of the room when Jaime burst back in. Hanging from one of Tyrion's fingers was Jaime's pants.

"I wouldn't go commando, what with the..." Tyrion waved in the direction of the twice-bitten dick.

Jaime huffed and ripped the hospital gown off, pulling various garments on and taking time only to arrange his wounded junk into the softest pair of underwear he'd brought.

"Shy as ever," Tyrion grumbled.

"You're my brother, not the public decency officer."

"One, that's not an actual position, and two...oh never mind. Dicks are dicks."

"A Lannister dick is not a typical dick," Jaime reminded and he stuffed cash into his pocket and moved back toward the door.

"Jaime?" Tyrion's tone was too serious.

"Yes?" Jaime felt the combination of nerves and anticipation make him twitchy.

"Be careful. Don't overwhelm the poor giant lady, and maybe give her space. I know these things." Tyrion chuckled. "I'm in love all the time!"

Jaime knew that Tyrion thought he was always in love with some model or actress or waitress every other month, but those fancies were all superficial. So far. Jaime grinned at his well-intentioned brother. "I'm not you."

Jaime darted off without waiting for a response. No one would understand anyway, but he was Jaime Lannister, so they didn't have to.
___
He stood on Brienne's stoop with one hand raised in a fist, ready to knock. There were no visible lights, and the curtains were drawn. The house looked the same as it had when they'd left it together. Her car was not in the driveway. He knew she wasn't there, but he knocked anyway just to make sure.

He scribbled a note in a hasty, childish scrawl, and tucked it next to the door handle, returning to the waiting taxi and slumping into the back seat. Where would she have gone? Not the hospital, not the hotel... he pulled out his mobile phone and searched on a hunch. If her safe haven was the beach or some obscure hiking trail, he'd have no shot, but even though it had been mere days, he was absolutely certain that he knew her.

The driver grumbled about the distance, but Jaime flashed a few bills and was treated to speed and full air conditioning. It still took too long to get to the Australian Museum, and the huge stone building's steps seemed endless as he climbed them. He shoved another pile of cash at the ticker seller and carefully carried the glossy ticket with the disgusting arachnid image.

The exhibit was dark and forbidding. Projections on the walls mimicked spider webs and dank tree trunk habitats, while glass enclosures stood on pedestals. He immediately recognized one of the inhabitants. The spider that first bit his dick. Little bastard dick-biter. He should have anticipated that an interactive science exhibit called Spiders: Alive and Deadly, would contain actual spiders. He shuddered.

Instead of looking at the various types of bastard critters, he scanned the large space for a tall blonde goddess. He followed the designated pathway from room to room, and finally he spotted an extremely familiar hand. There were pedestals and half-walls and other paraphernalia everywhere, impeding his view, but even though he couldn't see anything but her hand, he knew it was definitely her.

That hand had once, not so long ago, maybe even the night before, been wrapped around his bitten dick. He would never not know its shape. He sighed in relief and made his way to her.

She was staring at something with such intensity that he wasn't sure she'd notice him even if he plastered his hand over her firm ass. Which he wanted to do, obviously. Instead, he stared at her and the fascination in her eyes. He looked at whatever was captivating her and felt an instant stab in the gut.

It was revulsion. It was horror. It was some kind of disgusting mental nausea.

A technician or zookeeper or whatever held an enormous spider with fangs. Or tusks. Giant fang-tusks that dripped a creamy-white goo into a petri dish.

"And here we see the venomous milk expelled through the ducts. This is an unusual volume, but one of Sidney's foremost arachnid experts posited that applying a concentrated musk from the glands of an otter to the bottom of the collection receptacle could stimulate the predator instinct to send more venom toward the supposed prey." The tech glanced up at Brienne with a nod of approval.

She blushed that particularly twitch-inducing shade, muttering as one or two faces in the small crowd of observers turned toward her. "I'm happy to see that it's producing results."

Jaime made a plan and put it in to action. He stepped closer to the demonstration and raised a hand. The tech nodded. He took a deep breath and spoke loudly and unmistakably. "Can you explain why spiders are deranged little bastards that enjoy biting innocent tourists on sensitive areas?"

The tech's expression morphed from amiable patience to caught-off-guard uncertainty. From his periphery, he could see Brienne stand taller and swiftly stare at him.

"Jaime?"

He ignored the sputtering tech and faced his future wife. "Have you forgotten my face already?"

She scowled at him. It made him twitch. "Of course not." Her expression eased. "How did you find me here?"

He crossed his arms in challenge, ready to battle her, but in a sexy way. "I searched for places where spiders were dicking around."

He wasn't sure if she were going to punch him, or run away, or possibly grab the fangy spider and let it loose on his junk. And then she laughed. A lot. Her shoulders shook.

He dropped his arms and stepped closer. "I'm not stalking you. I was worried when you disappeared."

She brushed water from the corners of her eyes and still smiled, so he smiled, too. "Because of your father?"

"Obviously. Everyone disappears after speaking with my father." He reached up and tucked her hair behind one ear.

She sighed and didn't shrink from his now-wandering hands. "I don't think I'm ready to speak to your father again anytime soon. Or your brother. Or Bronn."

"But you'll speak to me?" He stole a quick peck from her plush lips.

"Yes, fine. I'll speak to you."

"Good. There's a lot I want to talk about."

Like the marrying business, and when he could use his dick again since he'd lost track and had no functional countdown, and then something about how smooth her skin was and how tempting her lips...

A shrill scream pierced his concentration. Brienne looked up, alarm slowly coloring her face, and then there were more screams and possibly the beginning of a stampede.

The tech shouted from his left. "The wolf spiders! The glass broke! They're all loose!" 



by coolhandjennie



Brienne realized that Jaime was fainting a second too late to catch him on the way down. Luckily he only bumped his head a little bit. She fireman-carried him away from the madding crowd, sequestering them in the staff washroom. Something in his pants dug into her shoulder. Something hard. Like, unreasonably hard.

Not wanting to risk the toilet seat, she sat him down on the countertop, patting his face until he snapped awake. He blinked at her for a moment, then leapt off the counter and tore all his clothes off in a frenzy of post spider stampede trauma, frantically swiping his hands all over his body to ensure none of those “eight legged assholes”, as he called them, were crawling on him. Satisfied he was out of imminent danger, Jaime lasered his focus upon her. She was not prepared for the full intensity of those eyes. Her mouth went dry.

“Jaime…are you wearing a jockstrap?”

He grinned and rapped his knuckles loudly against his crotch. “Best twelve bucks I ever spent! Seemed rather appropriate, since it was a jockey spider did me in this time.”

Brienne couldn’t control the uninhibited laugh that erupted from deep in her belly. This beautiful, ridiculous man found new ways to surprise and enthrall her with every passing second. She smiled at him through sparkling eyes. “Well, those widows do pack a mean bite. It won’t kill you but it’ll make you wish you were dead.”

All humor drained from Jaime’s face. “Widow? As in…  black  widow? A  black widow  spider bit my dick??”

“It wasn’t a black widow, Jaime, I told you, it was a jockey. Granted, they’re in the same genus but –”

“Great, they’re fucking cousins. Whatever. My point is – sexual cannibals, Brienne! Black widows are  sexual cannibals  , I know because I googled them and that is a phrase you do not fucking forget. That spider was trying to eat my dick off!!”

“Jaime! Your dick is fine! Stop getting hysterical!”

He took a deep breath, trying to calm himself. “You’re right, my dick  is  fine, my dick is the best, and it’s safe now, so it’s all good.” He looked at her curiously. “How did we get out of there? Did you…carry me?”

She blushed. “You went down so fast –”

“That’s what she said!” he interjected.

“-- I was afraid you’d get trampled,” she continued, ignoring him and avoiding eye contact. “I can’t believe you found me. Or was Bronn following me the whole time?”

“Oh no, you disappeared yourself quite thoroughly. I figured it all out on my own using my superior powers of deduction, then I just wandered around until my spidey-wench senses started tingling. Speaking of trusting my instincts, about last night…I may have gotten a little ahead of myself, wench.”

Brienne stiffened, steeling herself. She knew this was inevitable so why was she being such a woman about it? This was always a fling and now it was time for Jaime to go home. To leave her.

“Obviously it's too soon to talk wedding bells, sorry to throw that at you, that’s just bonkers, right? I mean we just met like two spider dick bites ago. Believe it or not I really am aware that we've only known each other a ridiculously short amount of time, even if it feels like it's been months instead of days. Especially given how much of that time has been spent looking at or touching my dick. We can totally take it slow, get to know each other better, do the long distance sexting/naked selfies thing, the whole nine. Or we could get married tomorrow, whatever you want, I'm cool. I could move here, you could move there, no biggie. So what do you say?”

Wait a minute, so he  was  proposing? Did she hear that right? And was she mistaken or did she feel distinctly unpanicked by the idea? Could she still be suffering the after effects of sex puddle brain? Brienne understood science, not romance.  I guess more clinical data needs to be gathered.  She smiled at Jaime, a bit of a sly look in her eye.  God bless the scientific method.  



by ikkiM



Few things annoyed Tywin Lannister more than the disobedience of his children. One of those things was the disobedience of strangers. Dr. Brienne Tarth was both a stranger and soon to be one of his children and she was irritatingly disobedient.

After their discussion in the hallway, she had agreed to spend the night in the hotel so that she could check on Jaime's well-being throughout the night. She had firmly refused to turn over her keys so that he could send someone to her home to pack for her trip, and assess its value, find a realtor and put the place on the market. Not that she was aware of that second part. She was adamant enough about packing her own clothes.

Yet the woman had vanished. Vanished! As if into thin air. He was certain he had ordered she be followed, only perhaps he hadn't. He had seen the way she looked at Jaime. And while Jaime’s ridiculous behavior could be blamed on the drugs still coursing through his system, Brienne Tarth looked at Jaime the way Joanna had looked at him. Tywin had been confident she would return on her own.

Only she hadn't. Obstinate woman. And now, Jaime had absconded as well leaving a brief note scrawled on hotel stationary. Tywin pulled that note from his pocket and re-read it’s two word message.

Stop interfering.

Insolent child. How could he not understand that Tywin was not interfering for personal gain or for pleasure, but to guarantee the family legacy? He narrowed his eyes and looked at his younger son, currently enjoying an overly large burger of some sort and a pile of ketchup covered fries.

"Tyrion," he shouted, hoping to at least startle him.

"Mmm," his youngest child responded as he chewed on a fry, completely unperturbed.

"I know you helped him escape. And you know he's still full of opiates. Where did he go?" Tywin growled.

Tyrion licked ketchup from his finger and shrugged. "Dunno."

Tywin turned his eyes to the dogsbody, Bronn. He glared until the man shifted uncomfortably in his seat. That was better. "And you?"

Bronn glanced down at his phone, "Well, looky here. Seems there's been a spider breakout at a local museum. If I were a bettin' man, and hells, I am a bettin' man, I'd say that's where you'll find 'em."

With an eyebrow lift and a crook of his finger, a car and driver were produced. Tywin sat in the back of the car, ignoring Tyrion's moaning about abandoning his lunch.

They pulled up in front of the now closed museum and with a discreet cough and turn of his head, the doors were opened to them. Jaime and Dr. Tarth must be inside.

Tywin stepped around whatever spider wrangling and disposal was occurring and strode through the museum, certain he could find them when he heard voices coming from...the staff washroom. He pulled open the door to find Jaime, naked except for an athletic supporter and a fully clothed Dr. Tarth.

He closed his eyes and shook his head. Tyrion giggled from beside him. "Uh, you were dressed when you left, Jaime."

But Jaime's eyes had not left Tywin's. "What are you doing here?"

"I'm your father, Jaime. I've come to see to your well-being," Tywin answered.

Jaime crossed his arms over his bare chest. "As you can see, I'm just fine. And if you've come here to bully Brienne, it's not going to happen." He moved to stand in front of Dr. Tarth, like some bizarre naked sworn shield in a codpiece.

Tywin pinched the bridge of his nose. "I have not come to bully anyone. Dr. Tarth and I had a reasonable and rational discussion."

The woman in question made a noise similar to a snort, before her gaze dropped to the floor and her eyes widened.

"I simply think that all this would be best sorted back in King's Landing, where we can be sure you've been properly treated, that you're not still over-medicated and where I can ensure there will be no further spider incidents."

Jaime's gaze faltered briefly at the mention of spiders. Maybe he could use that.

"No," Jaime answered. "You just want to trap us on a plane with you where you can coerce and manipulate. I know you, Father."

That had been part of the plan, of course, but not its entirety. He'd also considered locking them in the airplane washroom together.

"I'll not have it. I love Brienne and I want to marry her, but that's something she and I need to discuss, alone," Jaime stated. He reached back for her hand.

Dr. Tarth's eyes had grown wide and her mouth gaped open as she stared at Tywin’s shoes. Jaime tugged at her hand, but she seemed almost frozen.

Jaime turned to her and huffed, "Come on, you're ruining my exit line." Then he bent at the knees, dug his shoulder into her abdomen and lifted her off her feet. He turned and walked to the doorway, shouldering his way past.

"Jaime," Dr. Tarth nearly squeaked as she slapped at Jaime's bare back. "Did you see it?"

Tywin rubbed his brow as he watched his near naked son carry a woman through the museum.

"My father, yes, I saw him," Jaime answered.

Dr. Tarth began twisting, but Jaime held fast. "No," she answered, "I meant how that wolf spider seemed to sniff you father's ankle and then turn and run."  



by december13



When room service was called, the man that was entrusted with the task came back to the hotel lobby speaking barely a word. He thought that he'd never seen a group of more unlikely people - together in one place. The Lannisters, a doctor, Lannister's henchman... Oh, he knew all of their names and positions... He knew that he should. His job depended on it.  ---  Tywin Lannister was the man who gave solid tips, but never looked at you while doing it. Probably because he considered all the help exactly that - help, someone of lower stature. Also, he was a man who, apparently, mere days ago bought their hotel (actually, entire group!) on a whim... Something about saving face for having a naked son walking nakedly around the hotel with a very tall woman in his arms... Being the new owner also meant that he could hire and fire on a whim, too. So even if he didn't look you in the eye, you were advised not to look in his, no matter what. Not just because he was the boss, but he was satan, too... Or had satanic powers... He overheard his sons speaking of his evil ways, praying at the altar of Beelzebub or some such, and sacrificing... was it lions? Or he was a lion? Like some type of a werewolf, but in his case a werelion? That part he didn't understand. And it also didn't matter much - as long as he kept giving solid tips, Tywin Lannister could very well be whatever there was in and out of space or realm.  Tyrion Lannister was the younger heir of the Lannister empire, the one that gave great tips! Especially if... the lady... you brought to him was... good... at what she did. And if you turned a blind eye when he would sneak his... lady friend... into his father's suite and let them... have it on father's kitchen table... and not clean it afterwards... Younger Lannister teased his brother all the time, calling him names (that's why he first addressed the man as Sir Leghorn and realized he made a mistake after Tyrion fell from a chair laughing), winking a lot at all of the hotel staff every single time loud noises were coming from his brother's suite. And, boy, were those loud noises loud!  Speaking of which, all of the hotel staff thought of the older brother to be some sort of saint. At first... Jaime Lannister, the older brother of the two, gave whopping tips! Especially when he was with his girlfriend who also happened to be his doctor. He would smile at you, well, it was more of a grin, say something that would make his girlfriend blush, then he would start kissing her and just hand you the money without looking how much he gave. And he was in love with his girlfriend, always holding her hand or kissing her, but nothing else. And he liked to tease others, just like his brother did. But in general, he was nice... When he came to the hotel three days ago, he had some health issues. His personal doctor that was also his girlfriend cared for him. And, yes, while strolling naked into the hotel, carrying... his personal girlfriend doctor, lumberjack style, just a day later... wasn't particularly well mannered, he was behaved... But then, yesterday, the noise came. And it didn't stop! First, they all thought that maybe there was a breakout at the zoo and some of the animals ran off and managed to get to the suites for the wealthy. The noise was that loud! And that animalistic! And it was a possibility because all kind of animals were already on the loose. Well, not all kind, just spiders, but still... And after the noise ceased, the moans and groans and swearing would start all over again, and the hitting sounds on the walls and floor and... No, older Lannister wasn't a saint. At all!  His girlfriend Brienne was nice. She was a willing participant in all of those... activities... but at least she blushed afterwards. And looked a bit ashamed... She always spoke in a mild manner, she was calm, pleasant, serious, and respectful. And she gave tips, but her boyfriend gave bigger ones, though always when she was around. She was a doctor, she'd even helped their cook when a frying pan fell and burned her leg, and helped a child that was choking... And she was soon to be married to Jaime Lannister, which would effectively make her an heir, too.  And then there was Bronn. Everyone in the hotel liked Bronn. He worked for the Lannisters, getting them... things... and also... more things... He always joked with the staff and drank with the staff. He didn't give any tips. At least not the monetary ones. But, he told them when to avoid the top floors because Tywin was fuming at his sons or his overseas partners, or the noise was particularly noisy,... Everyone liked Bronn!  ---  "Jaime, would you change into something respectable? Actually, would you wear anything, just don't sit there naked! And Tyrion, stop mindlessly going through channels."  "Father, we are in my suite. And, frankly, I'm letting my skin breathe in this warm weather."  Tywin looked at his older son. Jaime was staring at him, defiant gleam in his eyes, all the while trying to hold onto the woman seated on his lap... On his naked lap... Tywin wondered what skin was Jaime talking about, when the good doctor was covering him almost completely with her large frame. Speaking of the woman in question, Brienne was trying hard to wiggle out of Jaime's lap, hissing at him and blushing. She was still wearing some of her clothes. If Tywin didn't know that being naked meant that his son could soon provide him with grandchildren, he would have had a few choice words with both Jaime and Brienne. But, he wisely decided not to mention anything.  "Would anyone tell me why are you all in my room, interrupting my sexy times?"  "Jaime!"  "What, Brienne? I just... rose... to the occasion, and now I feel my... mood... changing, and not in a good way!"  "See, Doc, I told you he had problems with his mood!"  "Bronn? Shut up! And leave my room!"  "Hey, I came here with a little man, and I will leave if and when he tells me to."  "Tyrion, why did you come here and now?" Tyrion didn't even glance at his direction, watching something on tv. "Followed father."  "See, Brienne, I told you my father is evil! Probably satan! ... So, why are you here?!"  "I came to discuss your wedding."  Suddenly, Brienne violently pushed herself from Jaime's lap and his strong hold, and ran from the room into a hallway, barely missing a man carrying food that Jaime asked for. Tywin looked at Bronn and raised an eyebrow.  "I'll go after her, so we don't lose her again."  Jaime stood naked, anger written all over his face. "Now look at what you did! I told you my marriage and my relationship with Brienne is not open for discussion. It's between me and her."  "Cover yourself, we have company."  "I don't care! I swear, if you ruin this for me..."  "Jaime, this woman loves you, it is clear as a day. And, really, why would you think that my goal is to harm you in any way? You too, Tyrion?"  "When did this conversation turn to me?" Tyrion walked to his brother, handed him a cushion to hold in front of his dick. "We're at the same level, and I don't want you to poke my eyes."  "What you two need to get into your thick skulls is that I... I'm not here to harm or hurt you in any way. I am a little hard on you, yes, but because I know how the world functions and I wanted you to be prepared."  Both Jaime and Tyrion were staring at him like he sprouted a second head.  "Did he just...?"  "I think he did.."  Tywin sighed. "You do know that I lov-"  "I'm getting dressed! Can't hear you!!!" And with that, Jaime run to the bathroom.  "Have to go find Bronn! Maybe find a psychiatrist." Tyrion was gone in a second.  Tywin smiled. "And I thought that I was losing my power. Have you seen how scared they were? ... Send this food to my room." He gave the man a tip and walked out. 



by QuizzicalQuinnia



Jaime could hear his brother's hasty retreat despite the barrier of the bathroom door. He set his palms on the cool marble counter and let his arms support his weight as he leaned forward. He needed a moment. He knew it was stupid, but his blood still felt thick with drugs, and he was slowly growing more aware of his ridiculous behavior.

He was never that unrestrained! Particularly in public! The combination of his father's sudden and dictatorial appearance and his near-panic over potentially losing what he had with Brienne had caused some kind of fog to descend on his brain. He had to dispel it and return to his usual strength, of both mind and body. And dick.

There would be no point in chasing Brienne down the hallway, either. Her luscious legs would have carried her far away. If she wanted to be found, she'd be at her house or somewhere nearby, and if she didn't...Jaime wouldn't think about that yet. He decided to take a cold shower in hopes that it would help to purge the drugs from his system.

Water cascaded down his back, caressing his skin like her hands had. He stood still and let his thoughts coalesce. Tywin might fully believe that he wasn't interfering and was only looking out for his precious family legacy, but Jaime knew that Brienne would never feel at home in Tywin's circle back in King's Landing, or even at Casterly Rock. There would be no place too distant for Tywin to make his presence known whenever he wished. Jaime thought that perhaps, as long as he could balance the perpetuation of the Lannister line with his own future desires, he could create a nice life somewhere if he could only get his father to back off.

He was surprised that Tywin seemed to like Brienne. If he didn't, everyone in greater Sydney would know about it, and Jaime wouldn't have been surprised to find himself knocked unconscious and thrown on a plane to separate him from his ill-chosen paramour. Of course, Tywin's fixation on her child-bearing hips and acceptable lineage explained everything, but if humoring his father about those things would keep him in check, Jaime could accept that.

Jaime turned the water off and dried himself with the towel Brienne had previously used. It was an adolescent move, and Jaime didn't care at all. He felt much more clear-headed and more himself, so now he just had to talk to her and rid them both of his extraneous family members.

He dressed in loose gym pants and some kind of tee shirt that was draped over the towel bar, stuffing his feet into incongruous dress shoes since they were the only pair at hand. He took a deep breath and opened the door.

Tywin sat in the armchair next to the small dining table, feasting impeccably on whatever food Tyrion had ordered earlier. "Jaime--" he began, but Jaime held his hand up and shook his head.

"Father. I'm leaving right now, and I'm finding my girlfriend, and then I'm going to talk to said girlfriend, endeavor to explain to said girlfriend how my family is completely overbearing and insane and nosy as hells, and then hopefully fuck said girlfriend if she hasn't abandoned me because you are all interfering asshats. I expect you to take your precious airplane back to King's Landing, with Tyrion and without me, and you might as well take Bronn. If you do not do these things, I will denounce my name and change it to Jaime Tyrell."

Jaime watched as his father's expression turned from amusement to disbelief to fury. There was nothing Tywin hated more than the Tyrells, the most notable rival family who was always trying to encroach on Tywin's territory. According to no one but Tywin obviously.

"Change your shirt. And you will do no such thing, boy!" Tywin stood up, but Jaime was pleased that he was just slightly taller.

"I vow that I will." Jaime spotted his wallet and phone and stuffed them in his pockets. "I'm happy you approve of my choice in partners, if only for her sake, and yes, I'm going to marry her, but no, you will have nothing to do with that process and you will not determine when or how it happens. Expect an invitation if I feel like sending one. Otherwise, I'll send you a selfie of my ring finger one day."

Jaime marched out of the door of his hotel suite, not looking back and prepared to abandon all his possessions. Halfway down the hall, there was a loud whooping from behind another suite's door. Tyrion's, Jaime was certain. Where the sounds of drinking, giggling women, and Mario Cart Extreme were heard, Tyrion was sure to be in the midst of it.

The elevator ride down to the lobby seemed to take nine years. He hoped there would be a taxi outside and that he wouldn't have to wait for one. The doors slid open, and Jaime stopped, staring for so long that he had to hit the "open" button twice.

Brienne was there, sitting in a comfortable armchair with a steaming coffee on the table beside her. She had chosen a place where she could see the elevator. He finally moved toward her and stopped, hovering like a waiter.

"I thought you'd gone home," he said.

She shrugged. "I was going to. My car is still at the museum, remember? I'd have to get a taxi, then retrieve my car, then drive home, then...I decided to have a coffee instead."

He decided to tease her a little. "The coffee is an excuse. You were waiting for me. You can't stay away." He adopted what he hoped was a cocky grin.

There was the blush. He wanted to lick it as it stained the skin of her neck.

"Maybe I can't." She sighed and sounded a little too heavy for his liking.

No teasing now. "Do you want to?"

She stared at him and he let her. She shook her head and smiled. "No. Despite that horrible shirt."

Jaime glanced down at his chest, only to realize that he must have grabbed one of Tyrion's novelty shirts that had somehow made its way into his bathroom. Neon pink letters were spilling out between giant neon lips, Sydney Secret Strip and Salsa.

"This shirt really is horrible," he said.

"I didn't assume it was yours."

He held out his hand, hoping she would take it, and to his deep relief, she did. He hauled her to her feet. "How do you know I don't have a massive collection of strip club shirts?"

"Somehow, I'm fairly certain that you don't."

He stole a quick peck from her tempting lips. "My father didn't scare you off. I think I'm shocked."

"I might be shocked, too. He's...demanding." She didn't object as he wound his arms around her waist.

"Maybe I'm a little demanding, too." His fingers skated down to an indecent level.

"I know you are." She leaned back to examine his face, adopting her doctor's expression of analysis. "You look better."

"I feel better. I feel..." he leaned closer so his body was flush with his hers, so she could tell just how much better he was.

Her lips parted and her pupils dilated. "I know the code to the employee lounge," she said. "It's down the hall."

He didn't wait, grabbing her hand and towing her along until she halted them in front of an unlabeled door. She keyed in a code, and then they were inside the dimly lit space.

"Anyone in here?" Jaime called. He barely waited for a response, though there was none.

He pressed her against the now-closed door and claimed her mouth, cupping his hands around the muscles of her rear to lift her. Her legs wrapped around him by instinct. It was so sad they both wore pants.

"Jaime...you'll drop me. I'm too heavy," she breathed as he swept his tongue along the column of her neck.

"I won't. I already told you I'm strong enough."

"You've been ill," she insisted.

"Hasn't stopped me. I think you know that." He ground against her until she gasped. "But I guess I have to prove it you again." 



by justme



It had been a miracle healing.

Maybe the extra amount of agony after the second bite had shortened his recovery time, maybe the gods were smiling down on him after everything he and his poor dick had had to endure, maybe it was sheer stubbornness and willpower of the dick itself that didn't want to accept having to stay away from its new favorite place on earth any longer. Jaime wasn't about to question the exact reason, he only wanted to happily reap the benefits. After everything they had done the past days in their hotel room, and that everything meant  everything  but actually going all the way, he was finally completely painfree, more than ready to take that last step and as it seemed, had gotten the green light from his personal physician.

There could have been a whole army of evil spiders lurking in the corners of the dimly lit break room, ready to pounce on him with their tiny teeth bared, Jaime would not have cared one bit. The only thing he cared about was the woman in his arms and how he could coax a few more of those delicious soft moans out of her. His whole world had narrowed down to Brienne panting in his ear, Brienne rocking her pelvis against his, Brienne gripping the back of his neck to pull his lips to hers again for a kiss that was almost bruising in its intensity, Brienne pushing against his chest to get him to back off...hey, wait a second!

"Jaime..wait! We can't. We..need..to..talk."

Words no one liked to hear, especially not when one was about to make love to their future wife. And she did have a point...but did it have to be right now?! Apparently the answer was yes, because she didn't let up. With a sound that came close to a very needy whine, Jaime gave in to her attempts of keeping him at a distance and let her slide her legs from their position around his waist back to the ground.
Jaime ran a shaky hand through his hair and exhaled slowly.

"Right. Talk. The short version: My family is nuts. Okay? Okay. Good talk."

He leaned in for the next kiss that would hopefully get them back on track to happyland again, but once more, Brienne held him back.

"I wouldn't say they're nuts--"

"I would."

"Still. I wouldn't say they're nuts, but they are surely overbearing. And intimidating. And I'm not sure how I feel about the interfering in everything. Well, that's a lie. I know how I feel about it. I don't like it. But they're your family and--"

"I kicked my father, Tyrion and Bronn out and they are to leave us alone. I'm 100% sure about Bronn doing so, 80% about Tyrion and 49%..uh, better make that 39% sure about my father. But should he decide to interfere again, I am prepared for that. Besides, he's pushing 70, so he's only going to be around for what? 50 more years? I also stand by everything I said in the museum about getting married, or waiting to get married or moving here. Whatever you decide, I'm in. As far as I'm concerned, this is your world and I'm just the lucky bastard that gets to live with you in it. You with me so far?"

"Y-yes?"

"Good. While I could buy you your own research facility for all things spidery, I'm not going to because I understand that you are an independent woman and want to earn your achievements yourself, so I hereby promise to never use my name, money or influence to interfere with your career. Unless of course you want me to, in which case you just have to point at whatever you want and I'll make sure you get it asafp. Agreed?"

"Agreed."

"Excellent. You have anything else you want to discuss?" he asked while pushing against her once more, this time with the half of his body she wasn't blocking. A smart move he should've thought of sooner, seeing as it made both of them gasp.

"I..erm..I can't think of anything right now."

"Then, for the love of all that is holy, can we  please  get naked now?"

"Well...you are wearing an atrocious shirt.." he couldn't see it, but it sounded like she was smiling. Jaime grinned. Teasing him...playful Brienne was one of his favorites. Together with..oh well, every other kind of Brienne.

"I am. The question is what are you going to do about it?"

"Hmm...how about this?"

He felt Brienne's hands finally give up their restraining position on his chest. They slid over his shoulders and went for the shirt collar instead. There was a tug, a ripping sound and  Sydney Secret Strip and Salsa  was history.
THROB!
"Gods, I love you."  



by bearsofair



“I-I love you too Jaime,” Brienne said breathlessly.

It was all too much. He began pushing her backwards toward the wall where her back slammed against one of the snack machines. Her fingers worked nimbly at the drawstring of his sweatpants, and in a matter of seconds they were pooled around his feet, sitting on top of his dress shoes. She hooked her thumbs into the elastic of his boxers and paused.

“Jaime. Do you think we should be doing this here?”

“It was your idea,” he chuckled against her, peppering her with kisses. “But I’ll gladly take you upstairs to a room if that’s what you’d prefer,” he said as he ground his hips into hers, causing her to elicit a moan that went straight to his cock.

“No,” she panted. “Here. Now. Please, Jaime.” And with that she found the confidence to yank his boxers down, before she pushed down her own pants and panties.

“I must say,” he said whispering in her ear, “Your eagerness is such a turn on. I could get used to…this,” he said glancing around the empty employee lounge.

She blushed at his words. “Just get on with it before I chicken out and change my mind.”

He brought his mouth back to hers, as his hand dipped between her legs. It only took a few swipes of his thumb before she was arching against him. He used his knee to push her legs further apart and then positioned himself at her entrance.

“Jaime, please,” Brienne said in a needy whisper.

It was all the encouragement he needed. He pushed inside her warm heat, casing them both to groan. She ran her fingers through his hair, while he ran his over the contours of her ass.

After a few minutes they were both so close. Just a few more strokes and–

*Bang, bang, bang.*

“Open up! Police! You have exactly two minutes to get your clothes on and present yourself at the door, or we’re coming in.”

Jaime’s head snapped up. “Fuck it’s the cops! Grab your pants!”

“Don’t you dare stop, Lannister! Not now!” she growled, jerking his hips towards her urgently.

“As my lady commands.” He didn’t have the willpower to argue. In fact, he gladly complied. He continued driving into her, and a few thrusts later she was clenching around him, moaning softly in his ear and pulling him after her.

*Bang, bang, bang.*

“You have one minute! One minute!” bellowed the officer.

They hurriedly tried to pull themselves together before they let their sweaty bodies slide down the snack machine to the floor, where they sat panting for a moment.

“I guess we made pretty good time!” Jaime joked, trying to lighten the mood.

He glanced over at Brienne who was now staring off into space, biting her lip worriedly. Clearly the fog was beginning to lift from their sex-crazed brains and reality was settling in.

“Jaime. I can’t go out there. This is so embarrassing! What are they going to do? Oh, gods. Will this go on our permanent records?! How did they find out?!”

Jaime looked around the room in bewilderment before something on the ceiling caught his attention. “Up there,“ he said, nodding upwards. “A surveillance camera. Someone must have seen us on a video feed and contacted the police.”

“We were caught on camera!”

“We’ll get through this,” he said as he took her hand in his and gave it a squeeze. “Just let me do the talking.” He placed a gentle kiss on her lips, and then got to his feet pulling her up after him, leading her to the door.

“Jaime, you don’t have a shirt!” Brienne hissed.

He couldn’t do anything about that now that it was torn. He shrugged sheepishly and took a deep breath before swinging the door open. Brienne’s fingers nervously dug into his arm. They were met with two burly police officers, and a short, grouchy man who Jaime could only assume was the hotel manager.

“Hello, officers,” Jaime said, trying his best to sound confident and respectful, “I’m afraid that we—“

“With us. Now,” said one officer yanking him out into the hall, while the other went for Brienne. Jaime craned his head around to make sure Brienne was alright. He saw that her face was crimson, her eyes wide and horror stricken. He tried to give her a reassuring look, but he didn’t feel like he was very convincing. What he wouldn’t give to be in a hotel room right now, lazily curled up in bed with Brienne for the rest of the day.

And then just when things seemed like they couldn’t get worse, they were shuffled towards the lobby where Tywin Lannister was sitting in the same chair Brienne had been occupying not a half hour ago.

His father locked eyes with him, peering at him over steepled fingers, with a sinister smile that sent a shiver down his spine.

“Do we really have to do this,” Jaime said in a low voice to the officer. “I’m sure we can work something out.”

“Are you attempting to bribe an officer, sir? No, we’re taking a ride downtown.”

“I’ll meet you there,” Tywin said, getting to his feet. Oh, gods. He knows, Jaime thought. “And, if you have any hope of making bail,” Tywin continued under his breath, “You two will learn to play by my rules.”  



by ellethom



“This is humiliating.”

The half naked man next to her nudged her shoulder and laid his head on her shoulder. It was all the contact that handcuffs afforded the pair as the police car slid through the mid morning streets.”

“I tell ya, Wench. We Lannisters know how to show a woman a good time.”

Brienne shook her head. “We are on our way to the police station. I am in the back of a squad car hurdling toward a permanent record.”

“Good times, Brienne. Good times.” He laid his head on her shoulder. “THink of the great stories to tell our grandchildren.”

Brienne shoved his head with her own. “We will NOT be retelling this story in any way, form, or fashion to any hypothetical offspring nor their hypothetical progeny.”

Jaime looked up into her scowling face with a placid look. “Is that a hypothetical, yes?” he asked.

“There is a sex tape, Jaime. We made a sex tape.”

Jaime nodded with a smirk. “We totally made4 a sex tape.”

“And it's in public evidence now.”

“I just hope they got my good side.”

She studied the man next to her. “You act as if this is not the first time.” she accused.

“In a squad or a sex tape?” Jaime asked with an uncensored mirth that made her want to smack him. Her hands even clenched and fought against the metal restraints.

“You’ve made a sex tape before?” she whispered, suddenly aware that everything they say can and will be used against them.

In a court of law.

“Which answer will keep your hypothetical yes from turning into a definitive no?” Jaime turned green eyes on her, wildfire blazing into her.

“The truth, as always.” she insisted.

“Isn't this a conversation we could have where we are not being dragged into police custody? Although, it might be better that you are unable to hit me at this point.”

Brienne let her head slide back onto the uncushioned seat. The squad stopped in front of a low building with flags and shields. Tywin Lannister was waiting for them as they waited to be removed from the squad. “How in the seven hells did he beat us here?” she asked rhetorically.

“Satan has many ways, Brienne.” Jaime said as he was removed from the car. “Best not to ask how his mysterious ways work.”

The walk through the front door was more than she had expected. They were lead to separate desks where they were ‘booked’ into custody. Tywin Lannister sat primly on the waiting chairs, his phone plastered to his ear. She could only imagine what the man thought of her now. She had defiled his son in a public room in front of cameras.

For all the world to see, share and make viral.

With fading ink stains on her hands, Brienne asked the dour faced government employee if they would be arraigned in time for her next shift.

The officer, Detective Naharis on her nameplate, offered her a withering smile. “Listen, far be it from me to judge anyone’s ideas of romance, I mean I have a hot husband as well. But, the wheels of justice turn slowly. “ Officer Naharis dragged her toward the holding cells down the hall. “But I think that’s something you and your should have considered before turning the employees break room into your own private freak show.”

“We’re not married.” she squeaked as the officer closed the cell door.

Officer Naharis shrugged, “Either way, public indecency is no laughing matter.”

---

Jaime sat with his legs stretched out on the uncomfortable bench. His father’s form had been hanging outside of the cells for over a minute as if in want of words for his oldest son. “So,” the older man began. “You were going to figure all of this out yourself, then?”

Jaime dug further into the hard bench. “Is that why you are here? To say I told you so? To gloat? To throw me to the wolves?”

Tywin Lannister allowed his hands to slip into the silk lined pockets of his coat. “No, I am here, as usual, to clean up your mess. Once we have reached a few agreements, that is.”

Jaime had had enough. He knew it was stupid what they did; but the Wench had him in knots. What he felt for her had no verbal name, no contextual reason that he could put to it. He more than loved her. Jaime had realized that he needed her on a level that scratched at his very soul. “No,” he said with a wry grin. “You are here to make sure the Lannister name doesn't get dragged through the mud. I don't need to agree to any of your terms, you aren't here to save me. You are here to maintain family legacy.”

“In more ways than one.” Tywin agreed with a nod.

“Suppose I just let that tape ride, take it on the chin as they say? I am sure it will ive on in prosperity.” Jaime smiled, assured he had Tywin by the balls. No one would force him nor Brienne into anything.

“And Miss Tarth? How will that tape affect her career?”

Never underestimate Satan’s cleverness.

Jaime’s shoulders fell and he twisted to stand in front of his father. “What do you want?”

His father gave a quick, deep nod. Jaime knew from experience that this was going to lead to a diatribe. “Your mother has not been gone from this world long enough for me to forget what it feels like to love3 someone.”

“Oh gods, if you are going to tell me anything involving you and public sex with my mother, I am going to gouge my eyes out and wander the Greek countryside.”

“You love her, Jaime. There is no shame in that. I don't know where that comes from with you kids. Perhaps your mother being gone left a hole in that philosophy>” Tywin sighed, suddenly tired. “She loves you. Why not make it official?”

“What do you want?” Jaime asked again with his hands wrapped around the metal bars. “To make that tape go away, what do you want?”

For the first time in a very long time, Tywin Lannister smiled, and Jaime felt the fires of the Seventh hell lick at his soul.  



by ikkiM



"You'll find out soon enough," Tywin smiled as he turned on his heel. "But I'll be negotiating with Dr. Tarth."

--

Brienne was sitting on the uncomfortable, hard mattress of her cell, watching a netcasting spider prepare to catch its prey, when she heard the sound of slow measured footsteps made by expensive shoes on unyielding concrete. She looked up and into the terrifying eyes of Tywin Lannister.

"Dr. Tarth," he began.

She stood up, knowing she was about to receive a scolding, possibly a lifetime banishment, something horrible. She hunched her head down into her shoulders in an attempt to shrink herself. "Mr. Lannister," she mumbled. Then she took a deep breath and straightened her shoulders, raising her eyes. She was no longer a school girl, called into the office for terrifying the bullies by playing with spiders. She was a grown woman. With a graduate degree. And a career. Who just happened to have made a sextape.

Tywin lips curved upward slowly and frighteningly. She fought off a shiver.

"I'm certain my son, though he has become something of an idiot of late--"

She interrupted him, "These last few days, it's been the drugs, mostly. Whatever they gave him at the hospital was clearly too strong and he had a bad reaction. He can't really be blamed for much of his behavior. They just seemed to start wearing off this morning. His eyes are clear now, and his speech much clearer..." she trailed off as she realized she was beginning to babble. She inhaled and tried to be calm.

"As I was saying, I'm certain my son has told you of some of the benefits of becoming a Lannister. There is not only the prestige of the name, but a level of power that comes with wealth."

"..Power?" she asked. Oh, gods, he was going to banish her. Or worse, have her kept in the cell until he could spirit Jaime away. Her heart grew cold at the thought of not seeing Jaime again, not touching him, not having him touch her. Now that she knew him, and loved him, how could she go on without Jaime?

"Yes, power. The power to make criminal complaints vanish, the power to have evidence, tapes even, removed from the evidence locker, if they've even made it that far, the power to ensure that a successful career isn't ruined because of a few moments of poor judgement."

Brienne clenched her jaw. "And what would make you exercise that power in my favor?" She needed to hear him say that she could never see Jaime again. "What do you want? I am not sure I can give it to you."

Tywin steepled his fingers and again, his lips pulled into the rictus of a smile. "Oh, I'm certain you can." He stepped forward and she willed herself not to run to the back of the cell away from him. The bars seemed to provide no protection. "There is only one thing that truly matters to me, Dr. Tarth, one thing." He gripped the bars and drew so close that his fearsome nose poked into the cell. He drew the word out slowly, almost like the hiss of a snake, "Grandchildren."

Brienne choked, "What?"

He looked meaningfully at her hips and ran his fingers down the bars. "The Lannister legacy must be maintained and never before has my son shown an interest in doing so. He's avoided all semblance of commitment. That is until," He reached one hand through the bars as if touch her but stopped just short, "he met you."

"What are you saying?" Brienne remembered her fight with Tywin in the hallway of the hotel, his insistence that she marry Jaime. Surely he didn't still want that, not after the last few days, not after the videotape incident.

Tywin drew back and a decisive look settled over his face, "You will relocate to King's Landing. You will marry my son. You will produce at least three and possibly four grandchildren, all who will carry the Lannister name. Those children will be raised to understand the importance of family and legacy. And in exchange, these charges will be dropped and the tape will mysteriously vanish."

Brienne almost felt the balance of power shift between them, or maybe it was the sound of Jaime shouting her name from a cell somewhere on the other side of the station, but she straightened her spine. "I'll not be blackmailed into marriage and children, Mr. Lannister." He narrowed her eyes. Jaime was right, the man would make the Stranger squirm. "I will, however, relocate to King's Landing and date Jaime, if that is what he wants."

Tywin inclined his head, "I will not tolerate children born out of wedlock."

Brienne nodded. She was old-fashioned as well. "Agreed, but no matter whatever we are feeling right now, Jaime and I need time to really get to know one another."

"Six months. You can date for six months and then I expect an engagement of a reasonable duration before the wedding."

"One year. We date for one year and then if Jaime decides to propose, I will not refuse him on any basis other than if I've determined we are not compatible." As if that would ever happen. She loved him. She knew it.

He waved his hand dismissively, "Fine, one year. You're compatible, or at least he's determined he cannot live without you. After the wedding which shall take place no longer than six months from the date of the proposal, you will cease using all methods of birth control."

She felt the heat infusing her face. She did not want to discuss that with Tywin Lannister. "The wedding will be within six months of the proposal only if it's not some obscene Lannister spectacle and we will stop using birth control when we decide we want to have children."

"Done. But I am given free rein to take action to make you both feel broody," he smiled.

Brienne had a quick and disturbing vision of Tywin Lannister holding a rattle in one hand and a baby sock in the other and waving them at her. She could deal with that.

"Fine." She inhaled. "And my career."

Tywin raised his brows. "Yes?"

"I intend to keep working. I love what I do. You'll not interfere with that."

Tywin nodded. "If you insist."

"Except that you'll see that Roose Bolton gives me a recommendation based on my skill as a doctor and not on his personal opinion." She knew Bolton would destroy her if given the chance.

"Easy enough."

“And,” she inhaled, not believing she was pushing her luck this far but this was important, "you'll see that none of the incidents of the last few days end up on my permanent record."   



by justme



Jaime had been trying to burn a hole into the wall with his gaze since his father had gone off to talk to Brienne. Without him being there to interfere and calm her down, the creepy fucker that had spawned him was going to scare her away with his unreasonable demands, he just knew it. After all, his father had smiled before he left. Smiled! Satan didn't smile; not over anything that was remotely good news for another person. Floods, hurricanes, pandemics..that sort of thing maybe, but not love and happiness. Case in point: Brienne had not responded once to his repeated calling of her name. She probably was gone already, packing her stuff and disappearing from her apartment before that crazy man with the twice spiderbitten dick that had almost ruined her career over the past few days could find her again. Everything was miserable, just because he hadn't managed to keep it in his pants until they got back to their room. Really, on this trip his dick had brought him nothing but trouble. Well, that wasn't quite true. It had also brought him wonderful moments with Brienne.

He shook his head, trying to clear those fatalistic thoughts out. This now was just the nervousness about not knowing what was happening with her and his father talking. Brienne would never just dump him like that. Even if she wanted to get away from him and his crazy family, which in all honesty no one could blame her for, she would never simply disappear without talking to him first, and not just because he had the resources to find her anywhere. As long as she was willing to talk to him, he still had a chance to change her mind. Which he would accomplish; there simply was no other option. And who knew? Perhaps it wouldn't even be necessary, perhaps Brienne couldn't be intimidated by Sat-- his father. Granted, Jaime'd never met anyone so far who had managed that particular feat, but Brienne was unique.

When he heard the door at the end of the hallway creak open, he immediately jumped up from the uncomfortable cot he'd parked his ass on. However, before he could get his hopes up, the low singing told him that it wasn't his favorite spiderdoc.

"...Tonight there's gonna be a jailbreak, Somewhere in this town. Something something something, I'm breaking my bro out..da da dun dun dun dun da daaaa."

"Tyrion?!"

"The sounds of my dulcet baritone gave me away?" his brother grinned as he came into view.

"I thought you were already gone. How'd you get in here?"

"Dug a tunnel." Tyrion deadpanned, before shaking his head. "Duh. The front door. The big house already making your brain shrink?"

"How's Brienne? Have you seen her?"

"Nope. Couldn't get to her; she's still talking to the CEO of Parental Fail, Inc."

"Shit."

"You know, I actually think he genuinely kinda...likes..her."

Jaime's eyes widened almost comically.

"I need to help her!"

"Already taken care of. I posted bail. They're just finishing up your paperwork and then we can leave."

"I'm not going anywhere without Brienne."

"Did I say you had to? Of course I posted bail for the both of you. Jail really is making you slow in the head, big brother."

Jaime gave a big sigh of relief. At least Brienne wouldn't have to spend much more time behind bars. As for himself...

"Listen: I think I'll have to sit this one out. Father has..well, let's say agitating him any further would not be advisable right now. But as soon as Brienne is free to go I want you to---"

"The tape has been taken care of too."

"Wh--how?"

"Bronn. He is actually good at his job when he has to be, you know? Hacked himself into the database in less than an hour to delete your amateur porn while finishing off a six-pack. If I hadn't seen it with my own two eyes.."

Bronn would definitely get a raise. It was almost too good to be true.

"Father's going to be so pissed at you for taking away his blackmail material."

"True. But he's also currently negotiating a multi-billion dragon deal with Dragon Enterprises and Daenerys Targaryen and while she hates his guts she seems quite fond of me, even offered me a job, so if he wants to keep me in his corporation..he might want to be nice to me. Or nicer than usual anyway, cause if he starts giving me random presents and shit I might panic after all."

His little brother gave an exaggerated shudder before grinning at him. Jaime didn't quite return it. He knew it was likely not that simple. Probably as a perk of selling his soul to the dark the second he'd been born, their father had the kind of memory that elephants were envious of and could wait until that deal was off the table before getting back at his youngest. It meant a lot that his brother was willing to take that on for him.

"Thank you, Tyrion. Really. I owe you."

"For that? No. But from what I've gathered, you do owe me a night at Sydney Secret Strip and Salsa. It seems I need to get a new t-shirt seeing as my old one has become a casualty of hot luuuurve."

Jaime vowed to himself to buy every last piece of merchandise they had at that strip joint for his saviour as the door at the end of the hallway opened again, and a cop came strolling down towards them, getting his keys ready.

"You're free to go, Sir." he said as he opened the cell and slammed the envelope with his belongings against Jaime's chest. Not that he'd had much on him when they'd been arrested.

"Where's my girlfriend being held?"

"Other side of the station. Through the door, then left, then right. I was going to get to her just now."

"I'll tell Bronn to start the escape car." Tyrion shouted after him as Jaime was already sprinting off.

As soon as he had pulled the right door open he yelled down the hallway.

"IT'S A TRAP! DON'T AGREE TO ANYTHING! WE'RE FREE!"

However, it seemed he was too late. His father was shaking Brienne's hand with another one of his creepy smiles. And what was even more disturbing: Before she turned to Jaime with a puzzled look on her face, she had smiled back.  



Epilogue: by ikkiM
Chapter by bearsofair, coolhandjennie, Coraleeveritas, december13, ellethom, GumTree, ikkiM, Pleistocene, QuizzicalQuinnia, silver_spring
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





 Two Years Later 


Jaime opened the door to the house, stuck his head inside and called for Brienne. No answer. He grinned and grabbed the package from his car. He had thought she’d be home by now, but he needed to sneak the present inside. He’d just rounded the corner into the living room when he heard her mumbling. He shoved the bag behind his back. She mumbled again and Jaime noticed one large, sneakered foot hanging off the arm of the couch.

A quick look around the room told him the story. Brienne had arrived home, come in the front door, dropped her messenger bag on the floor and made it to the couch, pulling an afghan to half cover her before falling on their oversized sofa. Now she was clutching a pillow and drooling. He looked down at his sleeping wife and felt his heart lurch.

Jaime set the package down by the stairs before he returned to Brienne. The urge to join her was strong. She’d been working hard to set up the King’s Landing Spider Colony to further research into the creatures, their usefulness and the study of their venom and antidotes. It would be the first of its kind in the area. She needed her rest. He tilted his head, trying to figure a way to haul her up couch so her foot wouldn’t hang off the edge. He didn’t think he could manage it without waking her. Instead, with a quick tug at the laces, he removed both of her shoes. He straightened the blanket covering her and tucked the edges around her. She gripped the pillow tighter and let out a contented snore.

He knelt by the couch and brushed the hair from her face. Her perfect freckled face. He thanked the Seven, the Red God, the old Gods and the spider that brought them together. He’d go through that pain again, ten times, a thousand times, if need be, to keep her in his life.

Thankfully, she loved him almost as much as he loved her.

Jaime had been terrified and suspicious when he’d seen his father and Doc shaking on a deal, especially when neither of them would reveal the details. Brienne had insisted that whatever happened between them, and on whatever timeline, had to be of his choosing. Well, he would have chosen to marry her right there in the jail cell. She was the cautious one.

Brienne had moved to King’s Landing, but insisted on having her own apartment rather than moving in with him. And she’d insisted that they date, like ‘normal people.’ Jaime thought it was normal to spend every night at her place from day one, but he was happy to take her to dinners, movies, science museums, couples sword fighting lessons and even to lectures on spiders. She had wanted them to really know one another before taking their relationship further so they could be sure, but Jaime already knew. He was hers. He would always be hers.

It took six months of dating before she would agree to move in and then she’d insisted on ‘time to think’ before agreeing to his marriage proposal. Not that it was ever in doubt. Doc couldn’t hide her feelings, but she had some ridiculous idea that they’d needed to date an entire year. At least she’d agreed to the small, intimate wedding two weeks after she’d finally said yes. To Jaime’s shock, even Tywin had been on board.

Jaime still couldn’t get over the change in his father. He was still terrifying and controlling, but a look from Brienne would get him to pull back from the worst of his interference. The old man liked her. Well, who wouldn’t, really? She was amazing.

Jaime kissed her forehead and then stood before quietly making his way up the stairs, taking his package with him. He hoped she would like the surprise.

He had just finished installing it when he heard her thudding up the stairs.

“Jaime?” He heard her call.

He walked to the doorway and leaned against the frame. Brienne was standing in the hallway outside their bedroom. “Hey Doc,” he responded.

She turned and shuffled over to him. Her hair was sticking up on one side of her head and flattened down on the other. Her eyes were tired by still such an astonishing blue. He pulled her into his arms.

“How long have you been home?” She mumbled into the side of his neck.

“Not long, maybe half an hour,” he answered as he rocked her side to side thinking to pull her inside and show her the surprise.

“You should have woken me up.”

He kissed the spot beneath her ear and felt the goosebumps rising on her arms. “You needed your rest. I think I wore you out last night.”

He could feel her skin heat up under his lips as she blushed.

“Shut up,” she answered.

“My Doc, always so eloquent.”

She pinched his waist and pressed closer. He felt his cock stir. He slipped one hand underneath her shirt and the other curved around her ass. He wiggled against her. “I’m willing to wear you out again, you know, if you’re interested?”

She pulled back and looked at him with mock seriousness. “Do you think you can? I mean after what happened this morning?” She asked, her eyes full of mischief.

Jaime narrowed his eyes and tickled her ribs. “You put that spider in the sink on purpose, didn’t you?” He’d had a bit of a flashback to a bathroom in Australia before he’d managed to kill the eight-legged menace with a steady stream of shaving cream before smashing it with the end of his razor. He only shouted a little and he most definitely did not scream, no matter how Brienne told the story.

“It was a common house spider, Jaime. All houses have them,” she responded with a small quirk of her lips.

He sniffed in disbelief but was then distracted by the feel of her skin beneath his fingers. “Well, Doc, I think I’m up for you,” he rubbed his stiffening cock against her thigh. “But maybe you should examine me to be sure?”

She licked her lips and he grew even harder. “I do think you need an examination. A thorough one.” She pressed her breasts into his chest and one of her hands had worked its way to the front of his trousers.

“Gods Doc,” he muttered, “What you do to me.” He pulled her down the hallway to their bedroom. He could show her the handcrafted spider mobile he’d installed above the crib in the nursery tomorrow.


 The End  



Chapter End Notes
And there you have it...spiderdick!Thanks again to everyone that contributed to the story, authors and readers.



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



