



An Affair to Remember - yoongixcx - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

An Affair to Remember
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/14016360.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Kim Namjoon | RM/Min Yoongi | Suga, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope/Park Jimin, Jeon Jungkook/Kim Taehyung | V
Character:
Kim Namjoon | RM, Min Yoongi | Suga, Jeon Jungkook, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Kim Seokjin | Jin, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Taehyung | V
Additional Tags:
Angst, References to Drugs, Strangers to Lovers, Mutual Pining, Smut, Fluff, Porn With Plot, Angst and Fluff and Smut, Alternate Universe - Fashion & Models, Alternate Universe - Artists, bisexual!namjoon, model!yoongi, Artist!Taehyung, a European tour of sorts, OT7 EXTRAVAGANZA
Series:
Part 1 of
Scarface
Stats:

        Published: 2018-03-18
          Completed: 2018-09-29
          Chapters: 7/7
        Words: 35773
      

An Affair to Remember
by yoongixcx
Summary
There is yet another, much longer and persistent, ring at the door. "You should probably get that." Yoongi mutters against his chest. "It's really annoying." "Yeah." Namjoon agrees and doesn't move. "We should probably get ready." "Yeah." They lie there for another minute, falling deeper into the softness of the bed and the warm, though sticky and somewhat disgusting embrace. Namjoon's hand wanders around a bit to find Yoongi's - their fingers lightly interlace. It feels blissful. The kind of delirium that can’t be planned, it just happens. Cutting deep and fleeting fast.// basically porn with some ot7 shenanigans and a gang au spin off
Notes

          See the end of the work for  notes





A Ring



The Gallerie dell'Accademia is an art museum at the Scuola della Carità on the south bank of the Grand Canal of Venice. Namjoon knows this place, he has been here many times. Not like this, though. Not with an actual job, instead of just a student pass. Not with an actual project to run, instead of getting coffee for the director and the photography staff. Not like this. It’s July; the white building in front of him makes the heat even more aggressive. But it's nice, his sunglasses shield him from the blinding light. He moves the specs down a bit, just to see it for himself, to really take it in. He's here.  "Mister, where would you like the bags?"  "Thank you, I'll take them upstairs".  His Italian is horrible. Well, to him at least. Namjoon really wants to get better than just being understood and understanding others. But what can he do? His accent is there. Whatever, if he could perfect his American, he can push himself a bit more with Italian. Namjoon pays the taxi driver. He came straight from the airport, not even stopping at the hotel. Very tired and kind of sweaty, but still prim and proper in his white shirt and light summer suit pants. He likes Ralph Lauren - as of the six months he has been able to afford it. Namjoon just got promoted and offered a new project. It is a completely different position from his previous art dealing at this company. It used to be very local, just around the city and its surrounding shows around the state. Very occasional international travel, only when the directors need him for a large exhibition or sale. But now, now is different. He can do his own scoping, his own exhibits - very small, they told him multiple times, he has a small budget. But it's all his now. All the responsibility. The sun gets a bit too heavy on his brow for a moment. It really is a large building. Now a bit more intimidating than friendly. He enters and the cold air within the stone walls envelopes him instantly.   He has been organizing this sale for months now. It's one of his first big successes, and his very first one in Italy. Namjoon is positively beaming at the thought of it.  "Welcome Mr Kim." The girl finally arrives to reception.  Vittoria is very happy to see him and show him around the gallery, especially since she seems tired of answering her walkie-talkie attached to her dress by the waist. Somebody is constantly giving her instructions, or more like demands, in Italian. He does not sound too patient. Vittoria, nevertheless, ignores the noise and quickly leads Namjoon through a set of rooms. The gallery is closed today, it's all empty except for staff members and crew.   "It's a photo shoot. For an advert." She turns around briefly as they climb a flight of marble stairs. Her brown hair flies like a dark flag from one shoulder to the other. She's quite pretty. Very pretty. As they arrive to the second floor, she reluctantly answers her talkie and quickly tells the person to hold on while she is dealing with somebody else at the moment.   "Fashion directors. So angry all the time!" Vittoria laughs a little but it just makes her seem more tired. "It's been a long week with them. They've rented out the gallery for every evening and all of the weekend."  "Oh, okay." Namjoon would say more but honestly he does not care. He just wants to see the painting. Make the sale. Plan his next step. Maybe sleep a bit. Everything goes fine. The room is perfect, the lighting exceptional. It's ready for tomorrow. The viewing is scheduled for the morning and Namjoon plans the sale by the next day or perhaps even that night. "We'll see." He thinks for a moment. There is no rush. He is here to stay for about week anyway.  Vittoria is in more of a rush. She tries to finalise everything at lightning speed but she is still too late. There is a loud banging noise. The large interior door folds onto itself, one room-height segment after the other. The room opens up to the adjacent space; a much bigger and brighter area. The natural light is now obstructed by harsh artificial lighting. Namjoon turns around, confused. The man pushing the sliding doors is middle-aged, tall, and very angry. He's wearing all black like all the other crew members. He dramatically throws his arms around as to present the busy set behind him. The display is done all for Vittoria who seems unfazed.  "Do you see that, Miss?" The man's voice is more high-pitched than excepted. He is pointing directly behind him. "Do you think that stays like that forever? No, it does not, it is going to faint any second now because your incompetent staff cannot provide cold bottled water! Is that so hard?"   Vittoria walks over to him swiftly and starts explaining something; their conversation is not discernible to Namjoon. He could pay attention but he is looking at something else. In the middle of the other room is a half-naked man. He is sitting on an elevated surface that is covered in dark red velvet. A sea of it. The man isn't wearing anything, just the material draped over his lap. He is posing, sitting motionless. He looks very white and, with his breathing barely showing, strangely inanimate. Face turned towards the large windows by the side, he's looking slightly downwards and supporting himself with his hand, extended next to his body. His other arm is lying on his knee. Namjoon searches his face but cannot find any expression on it. It's hard to see much, his hair falls into his eyes, but there is also just nothing there. He isn't there. It's only his furrowed brows that make him somewhat alive.   Namjoon is stunned. He might have even stepped closer. He wants to say something. To get his attention. But how? And ... why?  He doesn't have the time to figure that out. The angry man and Vittoria move through the set, continuing their loud arguing, and as they walk across, the naked man glances at the person behind the camera. The photographer waves his hand at him dismissively. The model stretches his arms a bit and turns his head towards Namjoon. His expression is lazy and uninterested, he isn't even really looking at him. But then... he is. His half lidded eyes focus on Namjoon's face. He is disturbingly pretty. Namjoon is melting away.   Somebody throws a pair of boxers at the model. He draws his eyes away from Namjoon to catch them. He starts putting them on, standing up. The black material against his pale skin makes Namjoon uneasy and sweltered in his button-up shirt. He is getting dizzy, like he's in a daydream. His mouth is completely dry now, throat closing in, and something hot pooling in his groin. The man looks at him again, his fingers still holding the hem of the boxers, low on his hips. As he keeps staring down at Namjoon, his figure seems small and towering at the same time.  The doors are sliding apart now, somebody pushing them towards the other end of the room. A white wall is forming and Namjoon is slowly shut out from the brights lights and the chatter of crew members. The door is sliding by the man's face. He is still looking. Then he turns his gaze down just as before. Brows slightly furrowed once again. The room is darker. The sunlight is more noticeable, sprawled on the floor in front of Namjoon. He just now notices that he hasn't moved at all and has been standing quite a few steps from the other room. Not close at all.  -   "That's alright. I have an early morning tomorrow." And also he doesn't really want to go.  Namjoon just stepped out of the elaborate bathroom of his hotel room. He is still wet, towel around his waist. He is also still preoccupied by the thoughts and consequent urges he had in the shower, just moments ago. He has sternly pushed them away without acting on them but the thoughts continue to linger. The sitting room window is wide open, letting in the heat from the street overlooking a quiet canal. The museum assistant, Vittoria, called him to apologise for the mishap earlier. She suggested dinner, which he has now turned down.   "Oh, of course. Well, anyways, sorry again. And I told that guy from the set that he can leave your ring at the hotel reception."  "The ... wha... Who?" Namjoon holds his phone closer to his face.   "One of the guys on set? He said you left something there, I think it was a ring?"   "I don't wear jewelry." Namjoon hears himself sounding a bit agitated.   "Oh? Well... uhm... He should be waiting at the lobby by now. I can tell him to go away, if you want?"   Namjoon looks outside the window. Venice is even more captivating against the navy blue night-sky. He really shouldn't be so annoyed. It's an honest mistake. He sighs quietly. "No, it's okay. I'll go downstairs and explain."   Still a bit annoyed, he puts on jeans and a t-shirt and takes the elevator. In the mirror he looks less pissed off. Good. He really shouldn't be so flippant. She was just trying to help. Reception tells him that somebody is waiting for him in the lobby to the right. It's a luxurious area with dim lighting and large square couches. But there is nobody there. No crew member, nobody resembling staff. Just a man sleeping on a black leather sofa. He is almost unnoticeable, swallowed up by the seat, facing away from the reception counter. He's sitting on the edge of the sofa, head lolled back, his neck completely exposed. He's wearing something low-cut, the white fabric unbelievably delicate, covered up by a red velvet jacket that is heavily embellished.   "Who wears red velvet? And who looks this good in it?" is Namjoon's first thought but by the next moment he already knows who it is. It's him. The naked guy.   He is fully dressed this time. The jacket is undone, revealing a tiny waist, a chunky black belt and some very, very tight skinny jeans. Ripped at both knees, they give off an extortionate amount of nonchalance already, but on top of that he had thrown one ankle over the other knee. Hands by the armrest on both sides, he is presenting his lap with such cockiness, it's almost infuriating. And he hasn't even said a word yet. Asleep and unknowing, he's free to be observed, and Namjoon does exactly that. He has very dark hair but his face is so squishy, so pale, so round and adorable.   Suddenly, the man wakes up. His eyes open without any warning and Namjoon gets caught in his glare. There is nothing adorable there. How can he have such chubby cheeks with a pair of eyes that are almost diabolical?   "Had a nice shower?"  The tone is accusatory. No expression on his face at all, just the continued relentless eye contact.  "What?"  Namjoon is caught off guard. He can feel himself blushing. "He can't know, there is no way" he thinks to himself.  "Your hair. It's wet." His tone is a little bit more casual this time, eyes a bit hooded. He tilts his head to the side, as to look at Namjoon's hair more intently.  Namjoon is completely flustered now. He runs a hand through his hair, absent-minded.  "Yeah, I guess." He finally says, just to acknowledge that it is in fact not completely dry. "Well, anyway... I don't wear any, uhm, the ring, it's not mine."  "I know" is all the black-haired man says.  Namjoon frowns. Vittoria was trying to help, this guy is just trying to be an asshole.   "That is a stupid joke."  The man bears the irritated stare Namjoon shoots him like it's nothing.  "Why?" He stands up now and steps closer. "Maybe you should wear some." He says, still looking into Namjoon's eyes, his face tilted up. He is quite a bit shorter than Namjoon. Eyebrows raised a little, he gives him an innocent expression and takes one of the many rings off of his hand.  Without looking away, the man takes Namjoon's hand and puts the ring on his finger. He's not smirking but somehow Namjoon feels that he is. Then, though only for a second, he looks away, turning his head, like he has something more important to look at. As the eye contact is broken, Namjoon wakes up from whatever spell he was under.  
What the hell was that?
  Namjoon has no time to collect his thoughts, the model is staring at him again.  "So, are you gonna buy me a drink or what?" His voice is impatient and bored at the same time. And offended for being kept waiting.  Namjoon has just about had enough. It's weird. He looks at his finger. The ring fits. He looks at the man again. He really is gorgeous. But there's something else, too.   "I... I guess. Do you want to go to the bar?" - It's been several drinks and only one hour that didn't seem more than ten minutes. Namjoon has found out exactly nothing about him apart from his very expensive taste in drinks and high tolerance for alcohol. All they were talking about is Namjoon and he himself didn't even notice. The guy is really good at asking questions. But just now when he asked him for his name, he went on a bathroom break. Namjoon's elbow is propped up on the table, supporting his pouty face. He doesn't like riddles. At least not the ones he can't figure out. Staring in front of himself, he notices the ring that he still hasn't taken off. He feels stupid about that now.   "You seem glum."   The voice comes from the end of the table. It's him. Fingers run through the crown of Namjoon's head. It's tentative, undecided between being annoying or gentle. Namjoon turns towards him, protesting with a scandalized glare.  The man is much taller than him this way, standing while Namjoon is sitting. He's looking down at him without removing his hand. In fact, he has the audacity to take some of his hair between his fingers and flip his parting around. He moves his hand down along the length of the peachy colored strand he selected, barely holding onto it, more like using it as an excuse to stroke Namjoon's forehead and temple, and finally, brushing his knuckles against his cheek. The whole thing lasts no longer than two seconds but Namjoon is outraged. Outraged and extremely aroused. The man keeps looking down. It seems like he's smiling but his lips don't move. Namjoon wants to kiss him. He wants it now. Instead, he watches him sit down and finish his drink. The guy rubs his button nose a bit; three over-the-top rings flash dimly.   "Min Yoongi." He says eventually. "That's my name".   Fuck. Namjoon vaguely remembers being interested in his whole backstory just moments ago but now he doesn't give a fuck about his name, he just wants him, all of him. Now, immediately. In an attempt to calm down, he suggests going outside.  "Why?"   "It's nice outside. We're in Venice." Namjoon makes a little "duh" face.  "Oh. That." Yoongi rolls his eyes as he gets up.  They walk down along the canal silently, Yoongi looking at his shoes, Namjoon at the water. And occasionally at Yoongi. He feels more comfortable talking to him this way. There's less of that stabbing eye contact.  "So...you're a model?"  "Yeah." Yoongi shrugs like he's admitting to working at McDonald's or the local gas station.  "You don't like it?" Namjoon looks at him.  "I don't care about it."  "Well, you seem really good at it." Namjoon tries to get away with a friendly smile.  Yoongi frowns at him in disgust. Namjoon is no longer smiling.  "Why do you have to be so rude and annoyed?"  The question just slips out. It has been trying to slip out for an hour now and finally made its way.  Yoongi stops walking and looks up to him. Namjoon succeeded in getting Yoongi’s full attention for the first time. And it isn't even piercing. Just dark and shimmering like the water he was looking at before. Namjoon must be drunk. Why would he think that? But Yoongi's face does have a certain glow, especially right now. In front of him. So close.  “What I meant was... You never smile. You’re always so, uhm, disgruntled…? Unnecessarily so.”  “Always?” Yoongi’s wry tone is almost degrading. “We’ve only met today.”  
And I already kind of hate you. 
  But then, what is he doing here? It makes no sense. Mostly because Namjoon doesn't hate people, definitely not when he doesn't even know them. And yet, the guy got him riled up with just the faces he makes. And the way he talks. And his whole body and the way he touched him and...  "Whatever." Namjoon dismisses his own thoughts. "It was just an honest compliment. You didn't take it too well."  Yoongi shrugs again.  "I know I'm pretty. Compliments are useless". He continues before Namjoon has enough time to scoff. "And I know I'm good."  "Then, you really don't have a reason to be annoyed."  It's Yoongi who ends up scoffing.   "No, I guess not." His words have some venom in them." You really don't know anything."  He puts his hands in the pockets of his jacket and looks over to the canal for a bit, then continues in a slightly less agitated tone.  "I have to be good, otherwise I wouldn't be employed. I'm twenty-five. My career has been basically over for two years. Career, huh... Modeling. What does it even matter anyway? Faces."  His own face twitches. Yoongi is smiling. Namjoon wishes he wasn't.  Then, still staring away from Namjoon, he shakes his head, his expression blank once again, voice monotone and dazed.  "And actually, my nose is my only redeeming feature. I know when I look good, and I don't get paid to smile for a reason. My eyes get half their original miniature size and my mouth is basically all gums. Nobody wants to see that. I have stupid eyebrows. And from certain angles, I look like a bat.”  Namjoon feels something twist in his stomach. His arms move before he knows it.  Yoongi was looking away so he couldn’t have anticipated it. Out of nowhere, Namjoon’s hands cup his face from both sides. His thumbs are now resting on Yoongi’s cheeks, his pointer fingers by his temple, while the rest are pressing into the boy’s neck behind his ears, to force him to look straight at him.  “Everything you say is stupid.” Namjoon says, frustrated and serious.  Yoongi’s hair feels very soft between his fingers. His face looks so round, it's angelic. Without any hesitation, Namjoon ducks his head and holds Yoongi's face close to his. It's a dramatic first kiss, even with their mouths completely closed. Their lips pressed together, eyes shut, Namjoon wants to feel alone with Yoongi for a second, be as close as possible. He just wanted to shut up him up and those thoughts gone from his head, somehow magically just by holding him tight enough. Then, his fingers ease up from their grip a little bit. Yoongi’s head lulls back into his hands, compliant and heavy. Instead of breaking the liplock, Yoongi is waiting for more. His tongue is licking Namjoon’s lips, trying to get through. Soon, his hands are on Namjoon’s chest, holding onto his t-shirt, and pulling him into a needy and drawn-out kiss. Too lost in whatever Yoongi’s tongue is doing to his, Namjoon can't help but start moaning almost instantly. He wants more of Yoongi, desperately. The world is spinning, the city lights and the navy blue sky blur together. There’s nothing but darkness full of endlessly sweet, velvety kisses and the choking heat of the summer evening. Namjoon doesn’t even notice that Yoongi’s hands are trying to link behind his neck, until his own arms are around Yoongi’s waist, holding tight and giving the smaller enough leverage to pull himself up and deepen the kiss even more. It is no longer chaste, not even close. Hot and wet and more desperate with every passing second.  Yoongi whines and moans, demanding more of Namjoon’s tongue in his mouth. He sucks down on his lips, never letting the kiss break or slow down. Obviously expecting Namjoon to support him by the waist while he is doing all this, Yoongi is not on his tip toes, he’s no longer standing at all but hanging with his feet in the air. Namjoon sneaks one hand onto his ass, just to make sure he's steady. He doesn't bother coming up with an excuse for grabbing it hard and making Yoongi grind up against his crotch. Yoongi, now high up and in full control of the pace, pushes his fingers into Namjoon’s neck, occasionally grabbing his hair gently and not so gently. His kissing is even less cautious. Actually biting Namjoon's lips at one point, he's rolling his tongue around his, faster and harder each time. Although it feels sweeter than any kisses Namjoon’s ever had, it’s a relentless push against his whole body. Like Yoongi really wouldn’t care if either of them suffocated right then and there. But eventually they do start huffing for air. The kiss breaks and Namjoon opens his eyes. Yoongi has let go of his shoulders and hopped back onto his feet. His lips are a much darker shade of pink now, almost red. He stares at Namjoon hazily and raises a hand to touch them. Three over-the-top rings glimmer in the dark.          



A Plan
Chapter Summary
Namjoon makes a decision and Yoongi moans into the same pillow for 20 minutes straight.



 Namjoon blinks.   "Min Yoongi. That's my name."  His voice from earlier is ringing in his head; Yoongi looks just like before, when they were sitting in the bar. Detached but somehow insanely seductive. Namjoon feels exactly the same as he did then, too. Wanting him, badly.  But this time he doesn't dwell on his thoughts, he tugs Yoongi by his wrist.  "I have an early morning tomorrow."   Yoongi looks at him with the innocent face he showed before, eyebrows raised. He's waiting for an explanation but gets none. Namjoon has already turned around and started walking back to the hotel. Behind him, is his newly acquired date struggling to keep up with his long legs.  Namjoon doesn't even look back until they are in the elevator lobby. He pushes the button and lets the little wrist go. Though he hasn't been tugging as much as just holding it, he felt a bit odd. Maybe this was a mistake?  Namjoon glances at Yoongi for confirmation. The man is watching him, but his eyes feel softer this time, shining with more excitement than arrogance. Though, it's definitely still there. Yoongi peeps at the elevator's display showing the numbers rapidly decreasing and Namjoon can tell he is feeling complacent if not out-right victorious.   
I don't know what he's celebrating, not like there's a living man or woman around here that would say no to him. 
  But Yoongi only gets more keen by the time the elevator arrives. He steps in first and doesn't even wait for the doors to close, just grabs Namjoon's t-shirt and starts kissing him, standing on his tiptoes. Namjoon reciprocates but keeps his eyes open to press the button for the 4th floor. Then, he is free to really kiss back and hold Yoongi up with both hands, walking him to the mirrored wall. Conveniently, there are handrails around the walls, at the perfect height to deposit Yoongi. Now sitting, he is even needier, wrapping his legs around his hips, and pulling Namjoon as close as possible. The kiss is getting clumsier, almost feverish, which is not how Namjoon wanted it to go. Yoongi is already fumbling around his zipper, though not too successfully. Scandalized by the pace of things, Namjoon grabs both of Yoongi's hands and pins them on the wall, focusing his attention on Yoongi's neck. Finally, he can do as he pleases and he take his time, slowly pressing little kisses along his skin from his ear down to his collar bone. Yoongi smells and tastes amazingly sweet. Namjoon is about to go lower but the elevator dings and the doors slide open. Before thinking about who they are being exposed to, Namjoon picks up Yoongi like a parcel and exits, scurrying to his room. Meanwhile, feeling absolutely no shame, the parcel continues what Namjoon had started, but now on him, kissing and biting along the younger's neck.  "No marks, please." Namjoon mumbles into his ear.   Yoongi sucks down hard as a response.  "God dammit!" he sighes low to himself, very tempted to slap Yoongi's ass. But he doesn't, just bites down on his own lip and continues carrying him along the corridor. The time for revenge will come soon. He puts down Yoongi, one arm still around his waist, the other in his own jeans pocket looking for the key card. The door opens and the lights turn on automatically. Namjoon takes Yoongi by the hips and starts pushing him into the room, slowly walking behind him. His back is against Namjoon's chest, trying to turn his head enough to kiss him, but the younger doesn't engage at all. He is too busy sliding his hands from Yoongi's hips down to his crotch, grabbing his already half-hard cock over the fabric of his jeans.   Yoongi moans, letting his head fall back. Namjoon, now unable to restrain himself, ignores the awkwardness of the pose and kisses Yoongi on his open mouth.  Their tongues slide together, moving into motion even more desperately than before. Namjoon turns the younger over to face him and kiss him, deeper and deeper. Yoongi is slipping backwards, knees weak, holding onto the other by the shoulders.  The kiss is so lewd and messy, Namjoon has to really concentrate to unbuckle Yoongi's belt. It finally gives way. While he is getting Yoongi out of his jeans, the smaller is throwing his jacket onto the floor. The kiss breaks as Namjoon kneels down, pulling the skinny black jeans all the way down to Yoongi's ankles. He's not even done with it yet, but Yoongi has already thrown his own shirt off, eager to take Namjoon's off next. He is still fully dressed, slowly raising his head from Yoongi's knees up to his waist, kissing his inner thighs, biting occasionally. The bulging cock trapped in very expensive-looking boxers is carefully avoided by his touch. The lights are all turned on, none of that dim bar lighting or even dimmer street lamps, so Namjoon can finally take a good look at Yoongi. Unsurprisingly, the model looks insanely good. His skin glowing flawlessly from head to toe, his abs and pecks nicely toned, considering his tiny frame. Under his abdomen, a V shape starts all the way down to his black boxers. Namjoon has to look away to calm down. He glances up at Yoongi's black hair falling into his deep brown eyes, and achieves exactly the opposite. Yoongi is looking down at Namjoon, his hand resting on the back of the younger's head. It has been idle so far, but ready to guide him towards his cock any second now. His face expressing exactly the same intention, Yoongi is panting slightly, his eyes are focusing on Namjoon, like a prey surely within his reach.  "That's not what's happening tonight." Namjoon thinks to himself and smiles wide at Yoongi. His plan is already in motion, playing along with Yoongi's fantasy to start with.  Still kneeling, he turns his attention back to the growing erection in front of him and continues kissing him everywhere except there. Yoongi grabs his hair, a bit more rough this time, earning him only a couple of bites along his inner thigh and a hand firmly gripping his ass. Namjoon pulls him closer, now kissing him against the fabric of his boxers but still miles away from where Yoongi would want him to. When he finally gets closer, his lips merely brush against his length, and Namjoon already pulls away. He looks up as he puts his fingers under the hem of the boxers. Yoongi is staring at him, annoyed and obviously turned on. Namjoon replies with a sickly sweet smile, and pulls down the boxers painstakingly slow. Unbelieving, Yoongi turns his head away; rolling his eyes, his lips pressed together into one displeased line. Thankfully because of this, he doesn't notice the face Namjoon makes when Yoongi's cock is revealed. He likes everything he sees. A lot. In fact, he has to stop himself from closing his mouth around it immediately. Instead, he continues with his plan, and grabs it by the base. Expecting a lot more, Yoongi is still frowning. Namjoon just smiles and licks his lips before tipping his head and, deliberately avoiding the fully hard cock in his hand, licks one of Yoongi's balls. The angry face disappears in that instant and gets replaced with a look of astonishment and desire. His jaw dropping, Yoongi inhales sharply, as Namjoons takes him in his mouth. It's hot and wet from all the aggressive kissing and he knows exactly what he is doing. Licking and sucking slowly: his tongue carefully rolling around the tender flesh, grazing it with his teeth just once, to see if Yoongi's cock would jump in his hold. It does. Namjoon takes this as a sign to start stroking him, extremely slowly, while bobbing his head, sucking harder on the same spot. Yoongi closes his eyes and knits his brows in an attempt to control himself. The younger continues to move his hand up and down Yoongi's cock but, mercifully, lingering on more at the tip. It is already wet with precum, helping the movement of his fingers. Namjoon could go on teasing him like this if he wasn't also feeling an impatient urge in his groin. His jeans are getting uncomfortably tight and Yoongi is looking more and more irresistible. Namjoon lets go abruptly, leaving Yoongi's cock without his touch. He stands up, next to his surprised and very naked guest. He takes Yoongi's jaw with one hand and pulls him into a domineering kiss. Yoongi moans into it helplessly, making Namjoon a lot more uncomfortable in his pants. He scoops the naked man up, one arm under his legs, the other holding him close to his chest. Yoongi's jeans still hang around his ankles as he is transported into the bedroom. He is not amused by the bridal style carrying. As soon as he's placed on the bed, Yoongi grabs Namjoon's t-shirt - yet again - to pull him down onto him. But Namjoon slaps his hands away, pining them firmly down onto the bedding. He's kneeling over Yoongi, who is perfectly spread out for him, ready to be kissed wherever Namjoon wants to. It's his collarbone that he really wants, and then a little lower, his left nipple. He licks around it carefully first and sucking down hard a moment later. Yoongi arches his back, alternating between whines and grunts. He's getting very angry. Before moving on to his right nipple, Namjoon takes off his own shirt. Yoongi's hands try to reach him once again, eyes devouring his wide shoulders. They reach as far as his boxers before Namjoon pushes them away again, and lowers himself onto Yoongi, hovering over him only just. He's kissing him behind his ear, breathing hot air against his skin. Yoongi has to content himself with grabbing onto Namjoon's biceps, flexed hard from supporting most of his weight. He pushes his nails into them.  "Come on, fuck me." He commands Namjoon in a throaty voice.  The younger laughs into the nook of Yoongi's neck. He moves down, all the way to his naval, kissing and licking that V shape he was admiring earlier. His hands follow, pushing both thumbs down on Yoongi's hipbone. He can feel Yoongi's hand returning to stroking his hair, this time lovingly and less forcefully. Namjoon licks his lips again. His mouth obediently takes in Yoongi's cock, bobbing his head fluidly all the way down and up.  "F—huck... yeah..." Yoongi's breath leaves him.   Namjoon rolls his tongue around the tip, goes all the way down again, and then takes the throbbing dick out of his mouth, shifting away from the bed, his mouth still glisteningly wet.  Yoongi opens his eyes and without moving a limb he stares at Namjoon.  "You're fucking evil."  Namjoon walks closer to his face along the length of the bed. Still without moving, Yoongi follows him with his eyes. Namjoon stops right in front of him and starts undoing his jeans.  "Why?" He says tipping his head to the side. "I think I'm quite adorable."  He pushes the pants down and shortly afterwards his boxers follow. Yoongi's eyes grow wide, he even turns his head more towards him. He is outraged. Namjoon smiles lazily, and grabs his own cock, that is now desperate for touch.  "You don't like it?" he says while stroking himself.  "Fuck off." Yooongi exhales bitterly.  For another two seconds, he is looking at Namjoon's hand as it moves around his objectively large cock, his mouth agape. But then he can't lie there any longer. He kneels on the bed in front of Namjoon and, pushing the younger's hand away, starts jerking him off himself. There is no gentleness there, just a vigorous pace and an expert touch. His fingers are so slick while his wrist moves so aggressively, Namjoon starts panting and moaning, unable to control himself no matter how embarrassing it is. Yoongi is just too good at this.  "Alright, you little prick. You had your fun..." Yoongi whispers into his ears, his breath uneasy from want and impatience. "I think it's time you fucked me. Really, really hard."  He takes his hand away from Namjoon and crawls back onto the bed. Namjoon follows him, now also completely naked. He takes Yoongi by the hips and bites lightly into his ass. Then glides two fingers across his entrance, pressing down firmly.  "I really don't need that." An uninterested voice comes from the heap of pillows. Yoongi is propped up on his elbows, back arching. He’s staring at him from over his shoulders, looking impatient as hell.  "Just lube yourself up an- and- ah... Nhgaah...!"  Yoongi doesn't get to finish his sentence, Namjoon's tongue is already around and inside his hole. It's really tight and hot, he has to grab onto Yoongi's thighs to pace himself and Yoongi, who is, if possible, even more demanding. While he's gliding his tongue around Yoongi's entrance, he's kneading his ass to make sure he keeps whining and begging instead of complaining. And also because he had wanted to do that probably since he first saw him. When he has heard enough, Namjoon leaves him in the middle of his whimpers and sighs. He collects the lube and a condom from the nightstand, grabs Yoongi's hips once again and covers two of his fingers generously. It seems like a good compromise between just fucking him straight away and playing with him using only his tongue. Circling around his asshole more forcefully, Namjoon hears Yoongi groaning into the pillows.   
S
o that's his happy voice? 
  Namjoon snickers and bites into the round ass cheeks, before sticking both fingers in.   Yoongi lets out an overly satisfied moan, head falling back with pleasure, now that he's getting what he wants. Namjoon starts pushing his fingers in and out, curling them each time Yoongi gets audibly impatient with his pace.   "I– Agh! I want it, harder... faster! Ff-ah... fuck! "  Namjoon just continues kissing him along his arching back. With his free hand, he's keeping him in place. Considering that Yoongi's hips are trembling and demanding more and more, it's getting increasingly difficult.  "Ah-ah-aaah...  want your... cock..."  Yoongi is breathing in fast, shallow pants, digging his nails into the comforter.  "I know." Namjoon says softly. He sucks down on his skin, a dark love bite appearing on Yoongi's hip as he takes his plump lips away.  "Please." Yoongi pleads in a small voice. He looks back at Namjoon with big innocent eyes. He's not fooling anybody.  "I don't think so, baby." Namjoon smirks at him. He hovers over his back and, fingers still deep in him, and clamps his other hand down on Yoongi's length. He starts stroking him with every last bit of self-control he has.   Yoongi makes a much louder and a lot more convincing pining noise, giving himself over to Namjoon's touch, pushing his back against his chest. For a couple seconds of pure ecstasy, the younger is kissing him on his neck, roughly, almost viciously, while working his fingers in him and around him, faster and harder than ever. Yoongi's voice breaks, all he can produce now are hitched breaths. Eventually, Namjoon draws his hands away and lets him fall back down on the bed.  Raising Yoongi’s hips to his own, he's kneeling behind his perfect ass, unable to hold back now. He takes the condom out and puts it on. Covering himself with more lube, he lines his throbbing dick against Yoongi. Just that one gliding touch feels like way too much sensation for him. He blinks at Yoongi for one second, and slides into him without delay.  Yoongi gasps. The noise that leaves him starts high then drops into a low grunt. It's so sinful and nearly animalistic, that Namjoon can't help but start fucking into Yoongi, eyes closed shut, his teeeth biting down on his own lip. The tightness is agonizingly hot. He stops after just two, very short strokes. The lewd sound of their skin slamming against each other makes it almost impossible to do so. Namjoon is gripping Yoongi's ass with both hands to keep himself from continuing any further.  "You're so fucking tight." He huffs, not even aware of how desperate he sounds.  Yoongi meanwhile is adjusting, his face quivering with pleasure and pain. His hair is sticking to his forehead, sweaty and even more gorgeous than before. Namjoon wants to slap his ass just for being so beautiful. Instead, he lowers himself a bit, slowly, and nips at Yoongi's shoulder. He is about to ask if he's okay, when he hears a little voice, muffled between heavy breaths.  "I... want you so bad..."  Namjoon presses a kiss into Yoongi's neck to hold back a much too honest moan. He starts sliding in and out of him, thrusting himself into the hot and wet tightness, slow and steady. He is holding onto Yoongi's ass so much, the veins on his arms appear. He tries to stay silent but what he's looking at in front of him is too much. Soon, he's actually louder than Yoongi, who is letting out high-pitched but barely noticeable pleas with every stroke.  Namjoon is already fucking into him in earnest by the time Yoongi's low voice returns. He's collapsed onto the pillow, face buried enough to mute his groaning. Pushing his arms in front of himself, he is pressing against the headboard of the bed. Now he can arch his back more and press his ass against Namjoon. Immediately, the younger picks up the pace and starts pounding Yoongi with less drawn out and more powerful stokes. He feels so slick and hot against his cock, Namjoon is getting so close it hurts. But his plan includes one more thing, before losing himself in Yoongi's tight ass.  Determined, Namjoon grabs one of Yoongi's arms, and pulls his back close to his own chest. He whimpers first from surprise and then, more loudly, from the ecstasy of the new angle Namjoon's dick is thrusting into him. He has to arch twice as hard to keep up with Namjoon, now pulling him even deeper, his hips slamming against Yoongi's ass quicker each time.  Yoongi bares his teeth, the pleasure almost too much to handle. He's holding his breath, climbing higher every second. Namjoon places his other hand low on the smaller's hips and then, fingers trembling from exhaustion, on his cock. He tries to focus and start stroking it with everything he’s got, while fucking him vigorously from behind. When Yoongi's mouth opens again, he's yelling. The orgasm takes over and he's coming onto Namjoon's hand. The tightness around Namjoon's length gets unbearable. He comes hard into Yoongi, stars colliding behind his closed eyelids. Spawning slightly, he carefully falls onto Yoongi, grunting low into his sweaty black hair.  In that same position, he falls asleep as soon as his breathing settles. A few minutes later, Namjoon gets half-awake to pull out, throw the condom away, and set an early alarm for tomorrow. He turns the lights off and rolls back onto the bed, next to Yoongi, who is in deep slumber, unaware. Namjoon kisses him goodnight on his shoulder.   



A Long Morning
Chapter Summary
it's the morning after and some new characters appear



“So, how’s the trip going?”  It’s still early in the morning. Namjoon has been up since 5 AM. With the amount of sleep he's had, the bed right in front of him looks especially inviting. Its current occupant has been sleeping soundly, all throughout the night, the numerous alarms, and Namjoon’s rummaging as he got dressed and left to meet the client buying the painting.  In fact, he was still asleep, even as Namjoon’s phone started ringing. He answered it but kept staring at Yoongi’s back for another few seconds before taking the call outside the bedroom.   “I mean... “ He doesn’t want to brag but Namjoon is much too pleased. “It’s going well.”  “What? You've already got yourself an overpriced and questionably tasteful outfit?" Apparently, Seokjin is in a good mood too.  "No, I haven't even had time to go shopping."  “What about the item?”  “Sold.” Namjoon glances over the sitting room. His bag is on the table with the paperwork. It's nice to look at it. He smiles a little.  "Good."  "So, that's done. I can start with the exhibition." Namjoon leans against the couch, not far from where he undressed Yoongi. The clothes are still on the floor.  "Yes, but listen. I want you to do well on this. It's not always that they give away projects. You're very young, so you have that much more to prove."  Seokjin isn't being patronising, just looking out for him. Namjoon is sure a stupid joke is to follow to lighten up the mood. Not that is was convincingly serious to begin with.  "And another thing." Namjoon was wrong. Jin's voice turns from affectionately doting to tired and cautious. "The artist. Keep up with him."  "Keep up?"  "Well, you have to know what they want. And what they definitely don't. But overall, you have to do what you want because you are putting this together and it's your fault if it doesn't go well."  Namjoon feels his face tense up. This tone is unexpected.  "I know."  He thinks of all the time and effort he put into planning and all the months and years of excellent work he has produced so far. Then, he reminds himself that he is only twenty-four and that Seokjin is his friend and his boss.  "Just a word of advice." Seokjin continues. "Don't let them cancel."  "Why would they do that?"  "Who knows? But you can't have no material on your first run. So just keep up with him."  Namjoon still doesn't understand what keeping up means and why Seokjin insists on repeating it.  "He's a nice guy, from what I've heard. I only met him once myself and he was very funny. But still." The lecturing ends as his usual jovial voice returns. "Anyways, I've given him your number, he'll call you. In the meantime, you can just enjoy Venice. Or have you already started that last night?"  "Hmph, yeah, kind of." Namjoon starts walking back to the other room with a renewed interest to crawl into bed. "I'll tell you later. I have a guest."   "Oh! Well, in that case, I'll leave you to it." He chuckles and hangs up.   Namjoon checks on his guest. Yoongi is lying there same as he left him 5 minutes ago. Identical also to how he left him two hours ago. Namjoon meanwhile is ready for his second coffee. Still fully dressed, he lies down on his back, turning his head only slightly towards the other. He watches Yoongi's shoulders rise and fall with each breath. He’s not snoring but he is making a very cute sniffling noise. The morning sun, already hot, floods them through the balcony window. Namjoon closes his eyes and dozes off.  He wakes up again when Yoongi rolls over, sprawling across the bed, exposing himself comfortably. He’s naked except for the five rings split between his hands.  “How can he sleep wearing those damn rings?” is what Namjoon claims to think but what he really wants to know is how somebody can look this good wearing nothing but those damn rings. Eyes shut, Yoongi scratches his stomach a little and rolls over again - onto Namjoon’s shoulder. The younger feels a hand run across his shirt. Yoongi seems to like his chest a lot. He also seems to be asleep. Namjoon can hear his breath and the mumbling that accompanies it. He's saying something but he’s saying it into the younger’s neck, inbetween kisses and bites that are too lazy to be anything more than little nudges. It's endearing but also hilarious. Then, the hand comes further down, grabbing Namjoon's hip with a lot more pressure than he would expect. Yoongi may be incoherent when he talks in his sleep, but his hands know exactly how to get his point across. Even through the fabric of his suit pants, Namjoon feels enough of Yoongi's touch to start getting hard. It’s the anticipation that turns him on so quickly - he could just wake him up with one slow and deep kiss and start actually touching him, on his face, his neck, down his back, pull him close and start fucking him, gently or r-  A sudden noise enters the room. Namjoon’s eyes open. The doorbell is ringing. He glares in the direction of the door and knits his eyebrows.  
Who the fuck is that?
  Another ring.   Yoongi grumbles and rolls over to the other side of the bed, covering himself with the bedding. Namjoon sighs and gets up to answer the door.  
Maybe he ordered room service while I was away.
  Namjoon opens the door.  A man who’s a bit younger than him is standing there. He tips his head to the side, shooting Namjoon a dazzling smile. In fact, his whole face is just that. Skin, hair, stance, everything. Beaming.  “Hi!” he says in an overly cheerful voice. Like he didn't just show up at a stranger’s hotel room uninvited. His eyes sparkle but not from genuine interest, just from his own good mood. They actually look past Namjoon - it is obvious that he isn’t there to see him, not in any other capacity than a doorman.   
What the fuck is going on with all these black-haired men running around like the hot gay circus is in town... Oh, the photo shoot. Of course.
 The kid doesn't wait for Namjoon’s realisation, just casually walks past him.  “Ah, he’ll be in there. Thanks pal.”  He pats the doorman on the shoulder and heads for the bedroom. By the time Namjoon comes to his senses, he's already sitting snug on the bed. He pulls the bedding off of Yoongi and kneels closer to him. The stranger flicks his pointer finger on the sleeping man’s face. It's sharp enough to make a sound.  “Wake up.”  ”Ow! Arrh...!” Yoongi pushes his face into a pillow and kicks the perpetrator.  The kid is giggling like the sadist he clearly is. The smile spreading across his whole face lights up the room with such an amount of bliss and cuteness that is just incompatible with his unfriendly actions.  ”Can I fucking help you?” Namjoon says dryly, opening his arms and showing his palms.  The new arrival turns his head to him, black hair flopping with the sudden movement. It falls onto his forehead like he has practiced it a million times. Maybe he has. His big round eyes look surprised as if Namjoon had just walked into his room. Then he gives him another gleeful smile.  ”I’m Jeongguk.”  ”Yeah, and?” Namjoon’s palms respond.  Yoongi rises from the multitude of pillows, his bed head and naked upper body looking sensational. Namjoon gets thrown off for a second. Jeongguk takes out his phone while Yoongi lays his head against his shoulder to watch the screen. ”Good morning.” He whispers to the kid in a low morning voice. Then he looks up to Namjoon and repeats it. “Good morning.”  “Yeah, morning. Did you sleep well?”  ”Yeah...” Yoongi returns to Jeongguk's screen.  “So, who’s this?”  ”Jeongguk. Colleague. From work.“ And in the same breath he adds “That dick is so ugly” and points at the phone.  “Colleague?” Jeongguk gasps, overly offended.    “What?” Namjoon sounds like an old woman with a hearing problem. "What is happening?"  "We're watching porn." Yoongi looks up innocent and indifferent.  “In the middle of a conversation?”  “Yeah.” Yoongi passes the question over to Jeongguk. They start nodding at each other like the answer is so obvious it’s confusing how some people need confirmation. Then, they return to the content at hand.  “Ooh, I like that. ‘Horny Olivia Needs a Hard Fucking’. I mean, who doesn’t?”  "No, there will be no straight porn played on my phone. How did that even come up?" Jeongguk pushes Yoongi's hands away. "This is what I was talking about. Have you done this?"  "No, not in a long time." Yoongi brings his brows together, observing something on the screen.   "So, you have!"  "I don't know, I don't remember." Yoongi tries to climb back under the covers but his young colleague tugs it away from him.  "Yes, you do, don't give me that old senile act."   "But I am  old and senile...!" Yoongi growls, now safely under under a pillow.  “Whatever." Jeongguk takes the pillow away from Yoongi. "Can you at least recall something about last night?”  “Oh, he was good.” Yoongi answers, talking to the ceiling.  ”Oh?” The kid smiles mischievously and slowly turns towards Namjoon, who just then realises that they’re talking about him.   He decides to leave the room. Time for that second coffee. While looking for his sunglasses, he hears the two emerge from the bedroom. Yoongi is pulling up his jeans, jumping up and down, and by the time Namjoon opens the door, he has put on his shirt and grabbed his shoes and jacket. He puts them on while waiting for the elevator.  “Let’s have breakfast.” Yoongi takes Namjoon’s hand as they leave, Jeongguk skipping next to him. It’s not really an invitation but more like a statement. This is happening. Get with the programme.  Fifteen minutes later at a small cafe, Namjoon is sitting across two models off duty: both behind black sunglasses, stabbing their salads.  ”Honestly, this is so good.” Jeongguk mumbles to Yoongi, his mouth full of a variety of leafy greens. “I love shooting in Venice.”  ”I know. I wish there would be more bread. I could stuff myself with five more baskets of these.” Yoongi points his fork at the dough balls.  ”We can order more if you want.” Namjoon stirs his coffee and takes a sip. It is slowly waking him up from his previous nap.  The boys stop attacking their plates to exchange grimaces. Even their ugly smiles are cute.  ”Yeah, ‘cause that’s what models are known for. Eating a lot.” Clearly, Yoongi is already awake and back to his snappy self.  Namjoon sighs and signals to the waiter. He orders another basket of dough balls in Italian.  When they arrive, Jeongguk snorts from laughter.  ”He’s trying to get you unemployed. Great! I don’t need the competition.”  Yoongi takes one ball and tears it up.  “Well, God knows you don’t.” He puts the bread in his mouth. “You are getting old, Jeongguk.”  “I’m getting old? Your career died in 2011.”  Jeongguk shows off the brightest shit-eating grin Namjoon has ever seen. Unbelievably, there’s no icy remark, no death stare. Yoongi just raises his eyebrows while continuing to eat his salad. He's ...amused.  
That put him in a good mood? 
  “What?” He looks up at Namjoon. “He’s my best friend. We love each other.”  He continues to eat like he didn’t just use the one word Namjoon was certain he wasn’t ever going to. Love? Is he even legally allowed to say that word? At the very least he was expecting Yoongi to choke on it. Or maybe combust like a demon at Sunday mass. But he just threw it out there. He’s not even blushing. “Ugh.” Jeongguk is less impressed. “You’re so sappy. When you say that in France it sounds cool. Here it sounds ...vile!"  The young model sticks his tongue out for emphasis.   “You're from France? No wonder you’re insufferable.”  “Not really. And that’s a gross generalisation.” Yoongi answers Namjoon while chews on his second dough ball.  “Well, yeah but it’s true, your arrogance is unbelievable. See, I’m nice because I’m from Korea.” Jeongguk cups his own face, acting innocent and childlike.  “Pff! You? Nice? That’s hilarious.” Yoongi scoffs. “And I’m from Korea too, so that makes no sense.”  “No, you’re not. When was the last time you were there? 400 BC?” Jeongguk, expecting an approving smirk, shows a tongue-in-cheek smile to Yoongi.  He drops it as he notices that his friend is looking away, head lowered in something like shame, guilt, and resentment. But mostly it’s a blank expression - it is still Yoongi after all.  “Come on, you’re not that old. You know you were my first ever model crush.” Still smiling, though much more awkwardly, Jeongguk attempts to make up for the insult. Namjoon, however, is convinced that it had to be something else. In any case, the mood passes.  Yoongi licks his lip, a sly little half-smile showing.  “Well, I was too busy at the time. You just didn’t make the cut.”  Jeongguk snickers a little and gets up from the table.   “Alright, then. See you at 9?” Yoongi nods.  “He’s coming, too.”  Jeongguk shrugs and turns around to leave. Yoongi looks at Namjoon.  ”We’re going out. You should come.”  “I have like a million things to do.” Namjoon lies, more out of surprise than actual intention.  “Jesus Christ, you’re so boring.” Yoongi takes out his wallet to leave money for the bill. Namjoon stops him.  ”It’s okay. I woke you up really early when I was dressing up.”  ”No, you didn’t.” He looks at Namjoon suspiciously. Then, he gets up to leave. But instead of heading towards the street, he steps closer and reaches towards him. He strokes his hair a little, having no regard for Namjoon's personal space. Then puts his hand under the younger's chin to tilt his head up. Namjoon knows what’s coming but still feels stunned when Yoongi kisses him, in broad daylight. And yet, he's disappointed that it only lasts a second. ”I’ll pick you up at 8.” Yoongi says and before Namjoon could tell him that he won’t be picking anything up and definitely not this extremely busy art dealer, he has already walked away. Several minutes pass. Namjoon’s cheeks are still burning a little when he hears his phone ring. Unknown number. He contemplates for a second and then picks up.  ”Hi, I’m Taehyung. I’m in London right now and it would be great if you could book a flight for sometime this week.” There’s a loud crash in the background. “Oh, fuck.”  ”Hello...?” Namjoon is beyond confused.   “It’s okay, I just dropped something. And my ladder fell over. But everything’s fine. Hmm. This red paint is reaaaally red.”  Surely not. This is not the guy.  ”So, anyways, Jin said that you could come over to check out the finished stuff anytime.” Another, softer crashing noise. “Hmm. This is not gonna come out of this shirt.”  It is the guy. The new talent he has been begging to work with. The visionary artist who will redefine colour, expression, and form.   “I’m really sorry but I’m going to have to, uh... I’ll text you later. I need to mop this up.”   Namjoon holds his phone in front of him for a good couple of seconds. Then he concludes that it is absolutely not early for a mimosa and orders one immediately.      



A Party
Chapter Summary
The gays go clubbing.
Chapter Notes
new couple appears! and their height difference is exaggerated, sorry  ( ・ ̫・)please leave me criticism i thrive on it and thank you for reading!



Around the second or third order of very refreshing and fairly strong mimosas, Namjoon had a disturbing realisation. He was sitting, as laid back as possible, enjoying the view of the tiny alleyway with its painted window shutters and the flowers flowing from the balconies all the way down the brick walls. It was a comforting set-up after a hectic morning. And naturally, his thoughts started to trail off from work to the city where he was currently in, and his lucky position to be just sitting around, free to go anywhere in this absolutely marvelous place. He was actually overjoyed, almost giddy to wander around and have somebody to tell all about it, since he was to meet Yoongi later that night. And then an idea came to him, a very quick and unintentionally casual thought. He could just take Yoongi to these places and show him everything. He could just call him and ask. They could have... an actual date. Or more like, a dream date.  The disturbing realisation came right after this. Namjoon doesn't know Yoongi. He hasn't found out anything about him. He was just somehow under the impression that he has. That they have come to know each other since last night. Just through touching. But actually, none of his questions were answered, he even collected new ones to add to the list. Such as, who is this person? Why did he lie just to hang out with him? Was he so desperate for a quick fucking? If so, why? But more importantly, what is up with the subject of visiting Korea making Yoongi so obviously uncomfortable? Where are they going tonight? And where is Yoongi going afterwards? Where does he work? Or live? What are they even doing? And why does Namjoon care? At this point, he put his drink down, pushing it away to make sure. The sun is roasting his intoxicated head. He should have eaten more. After walking around two very cold galleries and an even colder museum, Namjoon had somewhat settled his dizzy head. To curb his anxiety even further, he got through about half of the shopping district, purchasing a few ridiculously overpriced luxury items and a couple of fairly expensive outfits. One was intended for going out later that day, though Namjoon refused to admit that he bought anything especially for the occasion. It was just a gift from himself to himself and that's it. Exiting the fifth or sixth shop, Namjoon notices the same pair he had seen before at an earlier stop he's made. They are quite easy to spot, just by their haircuts. One has a candy apple mop-top, the other a silver undercut style with long strands falling into his face. Both are wearing all black ensembles with some eye-catching dress shoes. Their outfits are way too fancy to be casual but they appear to be dressed down by their standards, and just hanging out. The shorter man actually looks like a million bucks. The taller with the bright red hair is just simply stunning, in a more laid-back. He is on his phone. His friend - or partner? - links one arm with his and stares intently at Namjoon through his sunglasses. All of this makes Namjoon stop in his tracks. A couple steps away from them, he's waiting for an explanation. The shorter man elbows the taller. Now both are looking at him. Sufficiently freaked out and ready to leave, Namjoon slowly turns his gaze to the side. But then, Mr Candy Apple flashes a big open-mouth smile and starts laughing, quite loudly. Somehow it isn't rude but friendly and even kind. He approaches Namjoon with long strides, the other man following him, with less haste. "What a crazy pair, huh?" His voice is even friendlier than his smile. "Don't worry, we weren't following you."  "Well, we kind of were." The silver-haired man interjects quietly.  "We were shopping too. And saw you around, so we decided to follow you. See, you looked familiar, so we had to find out who you were."  "Had to?" Namjoon repeats.  "Well, yeah. It was much too interesting." The shorter man places his sunglasses on the top of his head, pushing the longer strands of hair out of his face. He gave emphasis to his words by widening his almond-shaped eyes. They are a captivating shade of hazel, framed by a light touch of dark grey eyeshadow. But they quickly disappear behind little crescent moons as the man smiles shyly. "Sorry, that sounds even creepier." "Eventually I realised, we actually saw you yesterday." The red-head tries to conclude the weird introduction. "On the set. I was behind the camera. Well, one of them." He's scratching the back of his head a little, collecting his thoughts.  ”You were looking at Yoongi.” Mr Smokey Eyes jumps right to the point, watching Namjoon’s reaction closely. He's much less shy about the new subject, smirking at Namjoon with a knowing smile. “And you’re coming to the party.”  Namjoon is taken aback by the extent to which his affair has been exposed. Looking puzzled and a little uncomfortable, he's thinking about how he’s going to roast Yoongi later on for being unable to shut up about their hookup.   “You can thank him later for our little invasion of privacy.” The redhead laughes again, his voice still kind-hearted. “To be fair, he didn’t actually tell us. Jungkookie texted me today to put your name on the guest list.” Then, his smile turns a bit more mischievous. “He might have... exaggerated some parts of the story.”  The pair exchange looks and try to suppress their snickering, unsuccessfully. Namjoon, glowering, is already thinking up his revenge for when Yoongi comes over.  “Don’t be too hard on him, though. Models are sensitive you know.” The taller gives the shorter man a little nudge.  ”Hey! I’m not sensitive. And I’m not a model.”  ”Not anymore.”   “Oh, what do you know!” The shorter man jokingly dismisses him and turns to Namjoon. “By the way, I’m Jimin. I’m the casting director. And this is Hoseok, a moderately good photographer.”  “I’m- ” Hoseok starts a rebuttal, his hand freed from linking with Jimin’s arm and now on his chest, clutching imaginary pearls. Instead of finishing what he was about to say, he just turns back to his phone, smiling at Jimin’s cheekiness.  ”Well, anyway, nice to meet you. Again." Jimin waves a little goodbye and takes Hoseok with him. “See you later!”  ”Yeah, see you...” Namjoon says to himself, unsure if he should have been more or less talkative with strangers who had been stalking him all afternoon.  -  Back at the hotel, he is ready for a big lunch and an even bigger nap. The guy who dropped paint on himself still hasn't called him back; a fact he has been trying not to think about too much, but did anyway. By 6 PM, he had eaten, showered, and crawled into bed. The well-deserved snooze lasts longer than expected. The sun had already went down, the room is in darkness.  The clock on the bedside table reminds him that it's past nine. Getting up, Namjoon notices the sound of the shower running.  "Did I leave it on?" He thinks, skeptical at even the possibility of being so careless.  He walks to the bathroom door and listens. There is somebody in there, the lights are on. He pushes the handle down. Through the hot steam that has filled the room, he sees Yoongi finishing his shower. Lather and bubbles are streaming down to his ankles. He only notices Namjoon a good minute after he had already entered, moving his dark, wet hair out of his face. Namjoon wants to say "How the fuck did you get in here” but can only mutter "You have a nice forehead".   "What?"  Thankfully, Yoongi didn't hear him. He turns the water off and gets a towel around his waist.  "You can't just walk in here." Namjoon tries a serious tone.  "Then, what are those little cards for? To not open the door?"   "Card. There's just one card. My card."  "Nope. They always give two." Yoongi takes another towel to dry his hair. Then he reaches for his jeans on the floor and pulls out a white plastic card.  "See? I took it from the table this morning."  "You mean, you stole it."  Yoongi gasps and twirls up the wet towel. He playfully smacks Namjoon’s arm with it.  “I said I was gonna pick you up at eight, and here you were snoozing. It’s a good thing I’m resourceful.”  Namjoon looks away, smiling sheepishly and rubbing the nape of his neck. It’s true, he’s still in his bathrobe, hair unruly and badly needing a blow dry.   “Well, I guess I should get ready.”  Yoongi steps a little closer. The bright bathroom lights reflect on his squeaky clean face, his cheeks seem softer and puffier from the hot shower. Still wet and dripping, his hair is a perfect mess of jet black spikes that only exaggerate the paleness of his complexion and the dark of his pupils. Namjoon is stunned. It's not really news to him that Yoongi is exceedingly gorgeous. But right now he's fucking mesmerizing. As if he knows this all too well, Yoongi puts his hands on Namjoon’s shoulders, looking straight at him.  ”’s okay.” He murmurs as he leans against Namjoon’s chest. “There’s no rush.”  The more Namjoon stares into his triangle shaped eyes, the harder it is to look away. Yoongi's unending gaze is sucking him in. He finds himself concentrating more and more intently like the risk of missing even a second of Yoongi's closeness is suddenly too high. All he can see are two dark brown irises, quickly filling  up with desire. Namjoon must be hallucinating.   Yoongi licks his lip, satisfied with the obvious hold he has on Namjoon. He starts moving his fingers down the younger's chest, watching the reactions on his face.  Soon, the bathrobe gets untied and pushed down from Namjoon's shoulders. As if on cue, Namjoon pulls Yoongi closer, grabbing him by the ass, the towel around his waist pressing against Namjoon's hardening dick. Yoongi sighs and tightens his grip on his shoulders. Dazed by the steamy bathroom and the closeness of Namjoon’s plump lips, his cheeks turn rosy pink and his head falls back languidly. He’s pouting, and waiting, but not for long. Namjoon bends down and catches him in a kiss him. Yoongi's lips feel soft and small, his mouth wet and hot. No matter how patient he may be, his tongue is as demanding as ever. The room is spinning and Namjoon can feel it getting hotter by the second. He tips his head to the side again, and again, unable to stop licking Yoongi's tongue and sucking on his lips. Despite being much shorter, he moves so in sync with Namjoon that each kiss falls perfectly into the next. As it always seems to be with this guy, Namjoon has no choice but to keep on kissing back until they’re both moaning and gasping for air.  But there’s no jumping this time, no climbing and wrapping his legs around him tightly. In fact, when the kiss eventually breaks, Yoongi doesn’t latch onto him. He’s really trying to go slow, patiently standing on his tiptoes. Namjoon moves closer again. He takes Yoongi's lower lip between his lips, biting into it gently like he’s tasting a rasberry. He licks it and then lets go for a fraction of a second. Yoongi pants just twice into his mouth and Namjoon is already taking another gentle bite, their lips entwined and slick against each other, while his hands are kneeding Yoongi’s ass harder and harder with every little peck. The towel against his dick becomes a nuisance, and it really must go. As it drops to the floor, Namjoon groans quietly into the kiss. Touching Yoongi without any layer of clothing between them fills him with an urge to go a lot faster. He tilts his head even more to the side to catch Yoongi's tongue in greedier and deeper kisses. Not even trying to fight it now, he bucks his hips into Yoongi and continues the kisses down his neck.  “We’re gonna be late.” He says like he cares.  “Oh yeah? What if I can make you cum really, really fast?” Yoongi's voice sounds determined, even if it is caught between whimpers.  “Why would I want that?” Namjoon bites down and sucks on a tender spot.  Yoongi hisses out a word that only vaguely resembles ‘yes’ and is much closer to incoherent moaning.  “It’s a bet. If I’m wrong, no more surprise visits. I’ll leave you alone.”  He pushes Namjoon gently out of the bathroom and towards the bed.  ”And why would I want that? ” Namjoon sits down and pulls Yoongi on his lap.  Now on top of him, he looks even more irresistible, his lips dimly glistening from all the messy kissing. Yoongi saddles in, thighs pressing down by Namjoon’s sides. He runs his fingers through the younger’s hair, then ducks down and pushes Namjoon’s head back with the way he kisses him. His hips are riding back and forth gently with every flick of his tongue. Namjoon holds him by the waist, his hands sinking further and further down. His soft skin and the perfect rhythm with which he pushes against Namjoon is too enticing to play nice - he grabs him by his firm little ass and gives it a slap. Yoongi moans, loud and fake, just to fuck with him. He pushes Namjoon down onto the bed and sits next to his dick, propping himself up on one arm. Arching his back towards him to show off his ass, he starts stroking and licking Namjoon's erection up and down. Namjoon reaches towards Yoongi’s ass, trying to circle around his entrance with his fingers. He gets pushed away.  ”We’re not gonna finish any time soon like this.” Namjoon tries and justify his actions.  “I like it slow.”  Namjoon lifts his head a bit to glance at Yoongi.   “No, you don’t.” He says with a cocky smile.  Yoongi replies by ducking down and taking Namjoon deep into his mouth - slick and swift, all the way to his throat.  Namjoon falls back, blinking in quick succession. His chest lifts up and his eyes roll back as Yoongi sucks down hard around his cock. Before he can catch his breath, Yoongi comes back up, quickly rolling his tongue around the tip, and gobbling down his full length again. It’s so dirty, fast, and precise, the tension in Namjoon rises at an alarming speed. Yoongi isn’t just enjoying his dick in his mouth, he wants to eat him up. His mouth is filled with hot saliva and a throbbing dick but he has enough skill to keep twirling his tongue while bobbing his head up and down. Every time the tip hits the back of Yoongi’s mouth, Namjoon lets out a pained moan but doesn’t have any time to take inhales. Yoongi is deep-throating him so hard that Namjoon is afraid he’s going to choke. Helplessly turned on, all he can do is watch the lips around his dick and the spit dripping onto the hand that is now steadily jerking him off. Another couple minutes and he's gonna grab Yoongi's hair and come into his sweet, sinful mouth.  But the heat around him disappears and the muffled gagging stops.  “God... sucking your cock makes me so hard.”   Yoongi is talking to Namjoon but looking only at his dick, still stroking it, slowly but firmly. It's getting fatter and redder from the bloodrush each time his fingers slip up and down. He’s moaning just from the sight of it, biting his wet and swollen lips. When he opens his mouth again, Namjoon can feel him huffing against the pulsating veins of his dick. An eternity later, Yoongi's tongue is finally around him again. He slides his wet lips down and presses them hard against the shaft for a drawn-out moment of total ecstasy, before resuming to suck him off at relentless speed. Precum and spit glimmering on his mouth and fingers, his black hair falling into his angelic face, Yoongi isn't even trying to hide how much he’s getting off to what he’s doing. But his expression isn't just lustful, it's eager and full of concentration. His eyes closed and brows furrowed, Yoongi is really giving his all, and he's giving it all for Namjoon. With all of this on his mind, Namjoon is on the verge of losing himself completely and fucking into Yoongi's mouth. He tries to hold back his groans but it’s no use, his body won’t answer him. He has to look away. He has to snap out of it. They barely just started, Namjoon can’t finish in the next five seconds. He wants to fuck Yoongi for hours, not cum in his mouth. His sweet, hot, amazing mouth. Fuck.  He reaches towards Yoongi's legs, running his fingers up to his inner thigh and grabbing on firmly.  "Babe, I wanna fuck you." Namjoon sounds like he's begging. Maybe he is.   "You wanna fuck my mouth?" Yoongi looks up smiling deviously at the struggling Namjoon. He knows exactly what the younger meant but acts dumb and just licks him again.  "No." Namjoon's voice drops lower. "I wanna fuck you."  He slaps Yoongi on the ass, hard enough to jolt him forward a bit. The moan is not fake this time, it's rough and greedy. Suddenly, he is not interested in teasing Namjoon anymore but climbs right on top of him. The light from the bathroom flashes on Yoongi's eyes as he comes close. His face has that lewd, or more like demonic look from yesterday evening again. Except it’s a lot closer and much more lustful, almost like the dark brown colour of his irises is burning up. Surely, not. Namjoon is just imagining it. Yoongi stares a little while at him, caressing his face with one hand, lightly touching around his jaw, and over his lips. Then he stops. Namjoon feels two fingers press down hard, pointing towards his teeth.   "Open."  Yoongi isn't asking.   Namjoon parts his lips, mostly from surprise. Yoongi's fingers force his mouth open and press down on his tongue. He raises his eyebrows to command Namjoon. The younger slowly moves his tongue and wets the fingers. Having him in his mouth, he's instantly flooded with the familiar urge to lick Yoongi literally everywhere. But then, a completely unknown feeling appears - an undeniable yearning to have those same fingers teasing him somewhere else. The heat inside his groin makes him furrow his brows. His whole face is burning up with embarrassment and want as he glares at the man on top of him. Yoongi’s eyes smile back at him tauntingly. He curls his fingers inside Namjoon's mouth and moves them around, a little bit messier this time. They soon get so wet that Namjoon has to suck down and swallow. He can feel Yoongi's cock throbbing against his stomach, precum dripping onto him. He's never felt more subjugated in his life. By the time the fingers slip out of his mouth, Namjoon is beyond turned on. He’s also far too confused to let Yoongi know that he's definitely never bottomed before and isn't about to start. Or maybe he would...? Before he could answer himself, Yoongi lifts his own hips up and takes the slicked up fingers behind his back. Completely ignoring Namjoon's inner struggle, he starts fingering himself on top of him. His breathing grows heavier against Namjoon's ears with every thrust into his ass. The rough and wet sounds he makes shoot straight into Namjoon’s veins, rushing the blood into his head. It's cruel, perverse, and tantalizing. He runs his hands along Yoongi's arching back, pushes him down, just to feel at least some friction against his achingly hard cock. It's not enough. Fed up and horny as hell, he tries to reach for the bedside table to grab a condom and some lube.  "Don't worry about it." Yoongi says in a throaty voice, still fully preoccupied with pumping two - or three? - fingers into himself.  Namjoon disregards him and keeps moving his hand blindly on the table. Yoongi sits up and takes his fingers out of his hole. He moves closer, grabs Namjoon's cock and, raising his hips slightly, takes it between his slicked up cheeks. Namjoon hisses, angry and satisfied. Yoongi looks down at him, eyes flashing, menacing and self-indulgent, as he moves his ass against the pulsating cock in his hand.  "I said don't worry about it."  Yoongi leans forward and starts moving Namjoon's cock back and forth, and around his entrance. The more Namjoon pants, the harder he pushes it against himself. The muscles give way slightly, and Namjoon gets a momentary feel of Yoongi's tight asshole. He's less than an inch inside, which makes the pressure around his cock all the more intense. Yoongi rolls his hips to entice him some more before taking his cock out and then forcing it back again.  "Nnggh... Fuck! "  Namjoon wants to buck his hips but Yoongi's legs keep him still. He's lowering himself down onto Namjoon but only until his hand around the shaft will let him. His ass opens up for Namjoon more and more but it's still so painfully tight that they're both moaning aloud. Yoongi is trying not to shake from taking in half of him now, grabbing onto Namjoon's shoulders to focus his pace. He takes a couple sharp breaths between his teeth and slowly throws his head back, letting his ass sinks down, inch by inch, all the way down to Namjoon's lap. The tightness is so intense, it's almost blinding. Grunting and heaving from the pressure, Namjoon runs his hands over Yoongi's thighs and hips, towards his round ass. He just wanted to grab onto something but now that he's there he wants to feel up Yoongi's cheeks, right where his cock is stretching them out. Touching him like this is beyond lewd, it's obscene. Yoongi shuddering from his cock inside him is already driving Namjoon crazy -  what his hands are feeling is just too much. Unable to restrain himself anymore, he thrusts his dick into Yoongi's ass as far up as he can.  A squeal and a couple of dissipated moans fill the room. Yoongi throws his head even further back. His whole body is twitching from Namjoon's fat cock pressing against his walls.   "You like it, baby...?" Namjoon attempts to talk like he’s not about to choke from the pleasure he’s under. “Wanna cum on my cock?”  “Ahh-ah... Aah! You—know—I—do!”  Yoongi is squealing, emphasises every word with his ass slamming down onto Namjoon. He's riding him, cautiously but steadily, trying to guide Namjoon towards his prostate. He's moving so slow that it takes more than a few rounds of twirling and gliding to find it. He's deliberately dragging out every movement into a million seconds but Namjoon finally hits it - once, twice, and again and again, until Yoongi falls onto him, shaking from overstimulation. Namjoon knows he should pace himself and enjoy every deep sink Yoongi is taking but he wants a lot more, a lot faster. He clutches Yoongi's ass to meet him halfway, slamming his cock into into him. Yoongi grunts low and bites into his neck. His body feels languid to the touch, melting into Namjoon more and more, softly whimpering each time Namjoon forcefully slides up his ass, stretching it out again and again. The thrusts get more wanton, slipping into each other, faster and faster, until they form just one spasming movement of desperate pounding. Namjoon holds Yoongi down, all ten fingers pushing deep into cheeks. Just seconds away from coming, he shuts his eyes, puts all his weight on his shoulders, and starts fucking into the screaming Yoongi mid-air.  He can hear himself panting loud. Yoongi is holding his breath. Then he's screaming again. Namjoon is now pounding his ass as hard as he can, their thighs slamming against each other vehemently, Yoongi’s weight pulling him back down onto Namjoon’s dick every time he thrusts him up.  The doorbell rings.   "Fuck...! Yeah...ahh... Harder!"   "Nghhh...!"   Another ring.  "I'm... gonna... cum!"  Yoongi is basically yelling now, gracelessly stroking himself while bouncing wildly on Namjoon's cock. Literally the whole corridor can hear them fucking, especially whoever is at the door pressing the doorbell.  That, and Yoongi screaming "Fuck me!" over and over again, makes Namjoon come hard and fast. His orgasm is so intense that he yells out too, and keeps softly thrusting into Yoongi well after he has filled his ass with cum, and Yoongi has finished on his stomach and fallen onto his chest. They are a sweaty, debauched mess, breathing heated pants onto each other.  And then, there is yet another, much longer and persistent, ring at the door.  "You should probably get that." Yoongi mutters against his chest. "It's really annoying."  "Yeah." Namjoon agrees and doesn't move. "We should probably get ready."  "Yeah."  They lie there for another minute, falling deeper into the softness of the bed and the warm, though sticky and somewhat disgusting embrace. Namjoon's hand wanders around a bit to find Yoongi's. Their fingers lightly interlace. It feels blissful. The kind of delirium that can’t be planned, it just happens. Cutting deep and fleeting fast.  Yoongi's phone disrupts the silence. The ringtone is obnoxious and loud as hell. The N.W.A. is blasting "Fuck Da Police", obscenities flying across the room.  "What ..." Namjoon wants to sigh but he's actually laughing.  Yoongi gets up and slides off of Namjoon - gingerly but at the same time keen to get to his phone. He picks it up, declines, and throws it on the bed, then he heads into the bathroom. He throws Namjoon’s robe on the bedroom floor.  "You should really get the door."  As Namjoon approaches, the doorbell rings again.  "I'm coming."   He opens.  "Yeah, I heard."  It's that kid again. He's wearing all black. Even though the corridor is barely lit,  he is somehow glowing, effortlessly ethereal and mind-blowingly beautiful, just like in the morning. The only difference is that he is definitely annoyed; that million dollar smile is only somewhat masking his irritated scowling. He walks in, again, like he lives there, and goes about to pour himself a drink.  "By the way, we have to leave in five minutes.” Jeongguk sips and lies back on the sofa.  The hairdryer whirs in the bathroom.  "Uh-huh." Namjoon responds, not really taking to being ordered around in his own suite. "Well, as soon as he's finished, I'll get right on it."  "Can you like open a window or light a candle? It smells like sex in here."  Namjoon rolls his eyes and goes to open the balcony door, considering to just step out into the evening air and escape the conversation altogether. But then, he glances over his shoulder, at Jeongguk. He comes back, gets himself a drink, and sits down opposite the kid.   "Sorry about that. Well, you know... it happens."  "No, I don't. I'm a virgin."  "Oh. That's cool." Namjoon doesn't mean to be patronising but sounds just like it.  "No, it's not. I wanna get fucked. Now!" Jeongguk tips his head back against the sofa. His jaw sticks out as he stares at the ceiling. He has a nice neck. Not as nice as Yoongi though.  
What the fuck is that supposed to mean? Am I into necks now?
  Namjoon shakes the thought away and tries to concentrate on the awkward conversation at hand.   "I mean, it can't be too hard for you to get a date."  "Uh, yeah it is." Jeongguk lifts his head back up, disagreeing pointedly. "I’ve been working since I was twelve. I'm busy, I'm needy, and...!  He points towards the bathroom.  "That old guy is chaperoning me all the time. He won't let any member of staff hit on me. And I barely have time outside work. But most importantly, I never find anybody I really like. I'm waiting for the perfect guy but he just won't show up."  He throws his head back into the cushioning, sulking like a child.  "Well, not with that attitude." Namjoon chuckles quietly, understanding his struggle but laughing at his whining. "And, you're not missing much."  "Right...! That's why you were howling a minute ago."  Namjoon presses his lips together, a cheeky smile slipping through.  "Uh, you got me there. But at least we're going out tonight, so that's something."  Jeongguk pouts as he considers the thought. Then, his face lights up a little.  "I do like dancing. And this place is supposed to be really good." He glances at Namjoon, eyes shining bright again. "Do you like dancing?"  "Not really. I didn't even dance at my prom."  "You're from the US, right? The accent is pretty obnoxious."  "Thanks. Yeah, I was an exchange student and then I applied for university there, too."  "So, your parents are rich, huh?" The kid is not really interested, that's clear from his tone, but he is amusing himself somewhat with the immodest prying.  "Uhm. Not really."   "Did you get a scholarship or something, then?" He stares at his drink, lazily rolling the ice cubes around. "Lucky."  Namjoon doesn't mind his bitterness. He must have had a long day or maybe it's the fact that they kept him waiting. He's just a kid. A really bitchy kid.  "Hmph. You must have been a really good student." Jeongguk continues to talk to his drink.  "Is this really the best predrinking topic you guys have?"  Yoongi enters the room to join the slowly dying conversation. He's ready - hair shiny and flawless, sophisticated on the verge of slutty. The light flickers on a couple of piercings hanging from his ears. There’s also a silver necklace with a little pendant. Other than that, he isn't wearing any jewelry. The white v-neck he selected isn't too exciting either. It's a light material though, almost see-through. And it does expose a lot of his chest. Which is nice. Very nice. He quickly catches Namjoon staring at him.  "I bet you were such a nerd in high school. We would have beaten you up every day."  Namjoon has to hide his smile in his palm and actually look away before he bursts out laughing.  "Yeah, I don't think so." He replies curtly. Just a couple of flashbacks from his teenage years are enough to make Yoongi's statement comical. But his guest doesn't need to know all the details, especially the less than flattering ones.  "Here's a sneak peak." Namjoon gets up to head to the bathroom. "I was the captain of the soccer team, three years in a row. Half the school wanted to date me and half the team was desperate to blow me. I think you would have fitted right in - begging me to fuck you, just like you did today."  Jeongguk's giggles quickly escalate into shrieks as he rolls around the couch laughing at his older and much-respected colleague. Yoongi grimaces at Namjoon, then snickers a bit. He walks over to his precious younger colleague to beat him up with a sofa cushion. The gay cackling from the sitting room is still clearly audible even as Namjoon starts running the shower. When he comes back, the room is overflowing with stimulants. The TV is on, loud but incoherent. The voices from the programme are mixed with the bass of the stereos blasting some kind of music. It’s not just any music, it’s the classic “I’m Too Sexy” layered with some cringey techno. Yoongi is sitting on the sofa, filming Jeongguk, who is showcasing a wide variety of dance moves and idiotic facial expressions. He’s mouthing the words to the song and jumping from one piece of furniture to the floor to the next. Yoongi has been trying to contain himself and focus on recording but when Namjoon enters and takes in the whole scene his expression is just priceless. Yoongi bursts out, squeaking with laughter. He puts the phone down and buries his face in his palms. Curled up on the sofa, his whole body is shaking like a wound-up mechanical toy. It's too adorable, even if he's laughing at Namjoon.  Mercifully, somebody is at the door. Again.  ”Thank fuck.” Namjoon says unironically to the couple at the door. “Maybe you can calm them down.”  ”Absolutely not!” Hoseok replies, smiling ear to ear, holding up two champagne bottles. “I’m here to get us drunk!” He sashays into the room and joins the other two, leaving Namjoon and Jimin in the hallway.  "I think the best thing for you to do is to drink as well. Heavily." Jimin sounds tired and very much ready for something alcoholic. Even so, his demeanor is as soft and charming as earlier today.  Namjoon takes the advice. Even after many rounds of shots, he still remembers to discreetly check his phone every twenty minutes, waiting for his new client to call him back. Nothing, each time. His nerves are pretty numbed down at this point and the conversation is actually engaging despite whatever unbearable soundcloud mix Yoongi decides to blast. Jimin is talking about the day they had wrapping up the photoshoot. It apparently takes a couple "wrap-ups", making Jimin's workload somewhat of a nightmare. The more engaging part of the chat is how Hoseok butts in to make some snarky remark about other people working on set, including Yoongi and Jeongguk. But the most entertaining part - however funny it is to see a tipsy Yoongi loudly disagree with everything Hoseok says - is Jimin's and Hoseok's weirdly endearing relationship. They seem to know everything about each other, especially what makes the other irked and uncomfortable. "Stop!" Jimin covers his eyes with one hand, embarrassed by Hoseok's shameless comment about the executive director's sex life. At the same time he leans closer, although already being pretty much enveloped in Hoseok's casual embrace. "What? He'd be way more peaceful if he would finally get some! At least once every ten years." Hoseok reaches towards the coffee table to open the second bottle of champagne. "The way he screeches at everyone... God damn." The cork pops off into his hand that's firmly gripping the bottleneck. "That scene he made the other day, with the doors and displaying naked Yoongi just to make a point. I almost choked, it was hilarious."  Everybody except for said naked model glances at Namjoon. He can feel his cheeks turning red. Maybe he can blame it on getting flushed from drinking?  "Look, he has that same face. Cute!" Hoseok obviously isn't buying the excuse.  "It's not my fault that he looks really good." Namjoon sips on his drink defensively.  Yoongi looks up from fumbling with the stereo. He's waiting for the sentence to continue but Namjoon can't say any more. Not in front of so many shady spectators.  "I mean... you employ a lot of attractive people." He finally coughs up the words, drawing his gaze away from Yoongi, and shifting the blame towards Jimin. Then he points at Jeongguk. "Look at that guy. How is that smile even real?"  The young model is currently beaming from the delight of seeing Yoongi wasted and embarrassed by the conversation. His grinning is as fiendish as it is dazzling.   "That's nothing." Yoongi reaches out to squeeze Jeongguk's cheeks. "When he gives you a genuine smile, you’ll shit your pants."   "Yeah, Kookie has many talents." Hoseok sneers. "Like that Celine Dion impression he did today. He shut down production for a good five minutes because nobody could keep a straight face afterwards.”  "That was good." Jimin shoots Jeongguk a death stare, but burst out laughing halfway through just from recollecting the memory.  "Come on, do it again." Hoseok’s request is met with considerable resistance.  "Yeah, you should come out tonight as Celine." Yoongi says with a completely serious face.  “It’s not fucking happening.” Jeongguk is shaking his head nervously, speaking through his teeth in a squeaking-laughing voice. He’s smiling, of course, but his eyes are opened unnaturally wide. “Ya'll better stop” is what he’s telepathically saying to each colleague in the room.  After many replays of the iconic Titanic theme song, the company finally departs for the club - location unknown to Namjoon - just before midnight. Only a couple minutes of brisk walking later, it is revealed to be a rustic but classy ruin bar. The place is packed, the queue snaking all the way down the street. Hoseok has their names down on the list, so entry is conveniently granted on arrival.  As soon as they enter, Jeongguk goes ahead, right into the dancing mass: twirling around to the sound of the deafeningly monotone beat, hands in the air, eyes closed. Somehow he glides through the bustling dance floor without slipping up or bumping into anybody - he just knows how to move with the crowd. He's dancing like it's nothing more than walking, the seamlessly fluid and sultry moves take him absolutely no effort. Meanwhile, his skin-tight pants can barely contain his toned legs. If that’s not seductive enough, his hips turn and twist, thrusting back and forth, never missing a beat, and his t-shirt lifts up revealing a bit of his abs. He stands out from a mile away. Every feature on his face is alight, shining bright in the dark like the full moon, his floppy black hair adding to the charming playfulness of his smile. Jeongguk doesn't care about any of it, he's just too happy, eyes still closed, and fully immersed in the music. It might be his favorite song or something he's never even heard before, it's impossible to tell. Either way, he's feeling himself for sure. Not like he would need a dance partner, there are already about a dozen volunteers around him.   Somebody grabs Namjoon's hand and pulls him into the crowd. Yoongi isn't exactly shoving people out of their way but they're definitely crossing through swiftly. Not that anybody would object; they're too busy giving him double takes, struggling to comprehend his glowing complexion and unrealistically pretty hair shining in the strobe lights. For some reason, Namjoon feels glad he got his hair dyed a blushing peach color very recently for an extortionate amount of money. He's also glad he dressed up nice, even though he knows he always does anyway. But this time, he has somebody equally or even more attractive to show off. And that person is in the crowd, pressed up against him - looking only at him. Maybe Yoongi's unnervingly direct eye contact isn't such a bad thing.   His arms are around his neck again; Yoongi seems to favour that each time they are close, no matter the context. He’s swaying from side to side, lazily but with perfect rhythm. Namjoon is holding his hips but Yoongi is leading the way, never parting too far from Namjoon’s crotch. It’s not a lot of effort on his part and it's definitely paying off: the younger is already getting half hard. Yoongi is beaming with self-assured confidence. Even with his eyes closed, he looks incredibly smug. The sugary pop song keeps their pace slow and laid-back. When the chorus starts, Yoongi throws his head back faintly, holding onto Namjoon more, mouthing the words the girl is singing. At every curse word he scrunches his nose, nodding and tossing his hair a bit. He seems happy. When a slightly faster song comes on, Yoongi is eager to get more physical. His unapologetic grinding is slowly but surely getting out of hand. The devilish smile on his face and the way he’s biting down on his lower lip says enough about his concern for public decency. If anything, he's getting turned on by Namjoon's initial uneasiness. He might as well just let it be, there is nothing he can do to discourage him. Truth be told, just watching his mouth open a little every time Namjoon grabs his ass is enough to disregard the other people around them. After another indecent hip thrust, Yoongi leans in closer. The music is loud but not loud enough to completely drown out the words Yoongi is breathing into his ear.  "Did you like me on top of you? Huh? Taking your dick, again and again... and again?"   Namjoon rolls his eyes and bites down on his lips, but doesn't dignify the question with an answer. It's obvious anyway, since he came in a matter of minutes. Yoongi, however, is clearly far from satisfied with the response.   "Don’t you wanna give it to me right now? Like everybody here wishes they could?"  
Damn him. The cocky little fuck.
  "You know I will."  "But... I want it now." Yoongi moves his hand towards Namjoon's growing erection, stroking it with his fingers for a second. His face is a sultry and sweaty mess of lewd intentions. "Your fat cock filling me up... right now."  Yoongi grabs him only for a few moments but a wave of arousal is already hitting him hard. Namjoon can’t get the arrogant bastard close enough, kneading into the meat of his ass without a trace of self-restraint. He's growing more desperate with each of Yoongi’s hip twirls, swearing to fuck him on his lap the second they get home. For now, he has to hold back and only hint at what the older is getting up his ass very, very soon. Namjoon turns him around and holds him closer, swaying to the beat. He pushes his bulging dick against Yoongi's cheeks, once twice and a third time in rapid succession before pulling his head onto his shoulders and sucking down on his neck.  "Don't make me fuck you in a god damn bathroom stall."  But Yoongi's ass keeps pressing against him, moving tirelessly to the thumping bass of whatever song is on. He takes Namjoon's hands to guide them towards his hipbone and then further down his pants while continuing to grind against his dick. His back is melting into Namjoon's chest as he tries to raise his lips closer to his ears, making sure his words are heard.    "Fuck me wherever you want."    
Un-believable.
 Namjoon is fuming but already halfway through the crowd, dragging Yoongi towards the nearest secluded area. Literally anything will do. Not like they just had sex mere hours ago. Forget that. He wants him now.  Finally, a deserted staircase leading up to the "no entry" area on the upper mezzanine offers itself as a possibility. It's secluded but also in plain sight. Anybody could see them if they were to closely examine the split-up ceiling. But maybe they won't, or maybe Namjoon doesn't care. Blinded by desire, he presses Yoongi against the cold brick wall and is about to start undoing the pants on the model when a glimpse at Yoongi's face stops him. Neon flashes are dancing across his brow, down his cheeks and jawline. They light up his longing gaze, drifting between Namjoon's eyes and lips. Namjoon feels a pull towards him, like he does every time Yoongi stares too long. It's just as overwhelming but it's different. Burning pressure isn't stirring in his groin, it's hurting in his chest. Namjoon wants something else, he feels something else. He wants to be alone with Yoongi, close to his face, watch his eyes sparkle from excitement. Like it's their first time kissing. No, that's stupid. That doesn't make any sense. Still immensely turned on from dancing and eager to stop his mind from racing, he pulls Yoongi into a slow and somewhat shy kiss. It's so chaste and honest, it really feels like it's the first time. Their lips are slipping against each other, their tongues slowly twisting and turning, getting lost in the hot, tender sweetness. It's the same, it's just a kiss. But there's tenseness in Namjoon, like he's embarrassed. Afraid to show too much. Like it matters now unlike last night when it was just a drunk kiss outside some hotel bar. This not just a drunk kiss in some late night club. His stomach is the size of a pea and his hands are trembling. Something in him is telling him to go faster, to say things, to be careless. To take the chance, now. But what is he supposed to say when he can't even understand what he's feeling? "You're blushing." Yoongi tells him, without any teasing in his voice. He touches Namjoon's face, lightly running his fingers down his cheek. They fall down to his collarbone and the next minute they're already by his belt. Slipping under, trying to get in.  "You know... I really do want you... " Yoongi licks his lips, still looking at him fixedly. "A lot."  He holds his gaze for another second, then the affectionate glimmer in his eyes turns more playful. Yoongi starts touching him over his pants, feeling out his cock and lightly groping his balls. The tenseness from Namjoon's chest springs into his throat. Heat is striking through his veins - his body is obeying Yoongi's hand and disregarding his own bothersome thoughts. Impatience and lust return, all at once. Namjoon presses Yoongi back against the wall, towering over him with his whole body. He hurriedly kisses down Yoongi's neck.   "I want you more."  He's rumbling the words into Yoongi's skin, admitting them to himself rather than making an effort to be heard. Wasting no more time, he unzips Yoongi’s pants and finally touches him. His cock is hard but not completely. He’s so eager for Namjoon’s hand, he’s already pressing up against it. But Namjoon doesn’t have the patience to fool around. His palm moves away, further back towards Yoongi’s ass. He pushes the pants halfway down his thighs, exposing his boxers to hopefully nobody. 
Fines for public indecency in Europe are pretty damn high ... 
 
Oh, well.
 Namjoon grabs Yoongi by his ass and pulls him close, his fingers digging into his cheeks. Then he holds him up against the wall - one arm under his thigh, the other on his chest over the mediallion hanging from his neck. He detaches it from the chain, hoping that is it indeed what it looks like. The miniature compartment opens up, emptying liquid into Namjoon's right hand. He lets the medallion fall to the ground, and forms a fist with his hand to get the lube roughly around his fingers. His left arm throws Yoongi upwards a bit, to get him to wrap his legs around him, and to have him closer to his reach. Yoongi's shoulders are pushed against the wall, head tilted to the side. He's watching him through hooded lids, panting heavy from anticipation. Namjoon's wet hand slips under the leg of his boxers, travelling up from Yoongi's thigh towards his entrance. He circles around it momentarily before sliding in one finger. It feels tensed up; there’s much too resistance for a second digit. Namjoon ducks down to catch Yoongi’s lips and kiss him until the hold around his finger eases up. He’s licking and biting as slowly as he’s pushing his finger in and out of Yoongi’s ass. On the first chance he gets, he pushes in his middle finger. Yoongi gasps into his mouth and sinks his teeth into his lip. Namjoon starts scissoring his fingers until Yoongi’s moans turn into groans. Eyes just inches away, Namjoon can feel every breath he's taking. Yoongi's magnetic gaze deepens each time he thrusts his fingers into him. Soon, he’s almost brutishly fingerfucking him, just like Yoongi’s eyes are telling him to. Facing each other so closely, Namjoon easily hits the spot they are looking for within seconds. Like a switch has been flipped, Yoongi whines, almost squeals, eyes closed, and head falling back. He's getting lost in the sensation, no matter how hard he's trying to concentrate on catching his breath. For a whole minute he struggles and fails to get any words out.  “No...wai-... Anngghh... “  The fingers press down again.  His eyes roll back. Yoongi is baring his teeth to force his moans back into his throat.  “Staah-h... huh.... Stop...”  But Namjoon doesn’t want to stop. He wants to keep making him shiver with every little move of his fingers, he wants to keep going, teasing him recklessly. Watching Yoongi’s breath leave him every time he tries to command Namjoon in his usual voice is getting him harder than any foreplay he’s ever done. Namjoon can tell that Yoongi is getting very close. Furrowing his brows, mouth agape, he's caught between ecstasy and fighting the urge to give into it. Namjoon curls his fingers and shoves them against his prostate again. Yoongi jolts, his head falling onto the younger’s shoulder. He’s heaving desperately against his neck.  “You fucking idiot... I...” He clenches his fist into Namjoon’s t-shirt. There's more stifled moaning, then one hoarse breath, and the more familiar, impatient voice returns.  “I want to cum from you dick...!”  Namjoon actually considers whipping it out right then and there and fucking him up against a wall in broad night club light. But then, something other than his so far untouched erection starts throbbing in his pants. It's his phone vibrating. Incoming call.   
 No. Ignore.
  Fuck the call, fuck everything else, he wants him so damn much, he's shoving down his pants and sliding into Yoongi's hot, tight asshole right now. At least that's his intention when he removes his wet fingers but by the next second, his clean hand lets go of Yoongi, putting him down from the embrace. His right hand is still under Yoongi’s boxers when he answers the call.  "You've got to be fucking kidding me." Yoongi is only mouthing the words, much too shocked and angry to raise his voice.   "Hi, I texted you the details. Basically, tomorrow we should meet. I'll explain. I bought your ticket, it's not too early in the morning. Anyways, gotta go. Uhm, is that okay?"  Namjoon knows it's Taehyung. He knows it's important. He knows he's going to go to London tomorrow morning. And he knows that he just made a huge mistake.  "Okay."  "Cool, see you soon!"   The call ends. By the time he pockets his phone, Yoongi has already pulled up his pants. He's staring at him, sullen and resentful. The seconds pass and the tenseness on his forehead lets up - he looks away briefly, seeming a lot more sad than angry. And then, out of nowhere, the disgusted frown from last night reappears, more expressive than ever. But it's not directed at Namjoon; Yoongi is furious with somebody else.  "I'm- " Namjoon wants to explain everything all at once and trips over his own sentences. Sorry feels like the least applicable word right now. "I shouldn't have-"  "Whatever."  "They called me because I have this flight tomorrow, to London, and I didn't even-  "It doesn't matter." Yoongi cuts him off. He sounds calm. His face isn't even frustrated anymore. He just wants to leave.  "No, it matters." Namjoon tries to hold him but it feels wrong. "I'm really sorry."  Yoongi sighs. "Well, you're going anyway, so..."   The sentence trails off. Neither of them can deny the statement. The music and the noise of other people partying becomes much more noticeable. It feels unreal that it wasn't so obvious just a minute ago.  "We might as well enjoy tonight, I guess." Yoongi concludes the conversation with anything but enjoyment in his voice. Namjoon is still holding onto him but it changes nothing.   They decide to have drinks. Yoongi is walking in front of him through the crowd, unhurried. Every step of the way to the bar, Namjoon wants to grab him by the arm and draw him into a kiss. Maybe that would undo everything. He feels like it would but his hands don't move.  There's an offer for ten shots. He orders and pays. Yoongi takes five, he takes five. Everything feels wrong.   By the third shot, he feels much more numb. Calm, even. Yoongi has passed that point earlier, the alcohol isn't numbing him down, it's making him a bit hyped. He's looking for his friends. Hoseok arrives to inform them that Jeongguk has been asked multiple times to step down from the stage reserved for hired dancers only, but refuses, and is about to be escorted off. The redhead couldn't be more joyful. Namjoon orders more drinks and realises he should probably wash his hands. When he returns, Jimin has also been reunited with the group. The mood seems light. Maybe now's the time to properly explain.  “Min.” A man pats Yoongi on the back. "Long time no see."  The sudden interruption strikes an unwarranted amount of annoyance in Namjoon. His judgemental side getting the better of him, he scans the man top to bottom.He's slightly older and just a bit shorter than him. The gold chains falling to his chest seem real, his black suit is distasteful but definitely tailor-made. His crude but reasonably attractive face reflects the anomaly of his expensive yet unrefined demeanour. Overall, the man looks like he runs at least a few strip clubs or some other kind of shady establishments. But then again, Namjoon is quite judgemental.  "Yeah... Hi." Yoongi recognises him but doesn't seem particularly happy.   The man says something in French.   ”No.” Yoongi replies.  The group gets impatient waiting for an introduction and announce themselves.  ”These are my friends.” Yoongi complies. “This is Bastien. I used to work with him.”  ”We did more than just work.” The man laughs.  ”I don’t remember that.” Yoongi shrugs, denying the significance rather than the validity of the statement.  “Still being difficult, are you?” The man pats Yoongi’s shoulder like he just heard the funniest joke. “Good. I like that! You never change.”  Yoongi knits his brows but stays silent. Hoseok let’s out a nervous guffaw, heightening the awkwardness of the situation. The first time since the phone call, Yoongi looks at Namjoon, waiting for something. One blink and he’s already turning back to the French guy.  “So, what are you doing here?”  “Working, obviously.”   “Working, huh?” Yoongi looks around the premise, mocking him. But he is smiling a little bit. And so is Bastien or whatever his name is. "Meetings until 3 am?"  "More like 5 am. There's always an after party. You wanna come?" The last words sound unnecessarily lewd and suggestive. The club's pulsating lights gleam on his dark pupils eyeing Yoongi's every move.   Namjoon's shoulders tense up. He hears himself think that he could knock this guy out if he wanted to. He runs his fingers through his hair and tries to figure out where that thought even came from.  "Why not?" Yoongi tips his head to the side, hair flipping into his face. "A fucking good time didn't hurt nobody."  Now, he just feels stupid. What was he getting defensive for? He was always good at standing up for his friends, even if it came to fighting a little. But this is different. The only person he wants to beat up is himself for acting like an idiot, even if it was just in his head. It's time for another drink.  The bartender serves up ten more shots. Before he can start them, Yoongi appears and takes one.  "We're going to this other place. You should too."  Namjoon doesn't want to answer. He wants to drink the nine remaining shots and then go back in time and start the night over.  "Mm." He nods and pushes a couple glasses towards Yoongi.   They drink. Everything else after that is a blur. Walking on the street. Staircase. Loud music, a lot of people, familiar faces reappearing and then disappearing again. A room, another room, then yet another. A conversation with a girl. Jimin spread across a couch, about to fall asleep on Hoseok's lap.  "I wish I had a boyfriend like that." The girl says looking at them longingly. She's clearly far past just being tipsy.  Hoseok scoffs. Jimin snorts from laughter.  "Aren't you guys dating?" Namjoon is as surprised as the girl next to him.  "No, we're divorced." Hoseok replies, yawning and stretching his arms. "We got married in Vegas last year."  "What?" Namjoon feels too drunk to comprehend. He tries to collect his thoughts.  "Where is Yoongi?" He's asking himself but the girl thinks he's talking to her.  "Who?"  "He was with Jeongguk. They went out for a cigarette." Hoseok replies.  "He smokes?" Namjoon asks mostly himself again. As if he should know. Without any plan or even a vague idea, he stands up and starts looking for him. Outside of the apartment there is a couple kissing, but it's neither Yoongi nor Jeongguk. The air is cold and there is a little wind lingering to sober him up at least. It's probably time to go. He walks back to say goodbye to the divorced couple. Did he hear that right?  "Hey."  The girl is standing by the door. The moonlight hits her just right, glittery dress shining in the dark. She is pretty, about Namjoon's type. Maybe if they weren't both so drunk. Or if he wasn't so uninterested.  "Do you wanna go upstairs? I think my friends are there. We could try and find yours?" As Namjoon walks past, she leans against his arm.   "No, I'm leaving. But I can walk up the stairs with you if you want."   She giggles, knowing that she badly needs the help. A lot of slow steps later, they find her friends in a smaller upstairs living room. They're playing on the floor, a board game lying in the middle. The girl stumbles over to hug her friends, squealing and laughing. There are also a couple other people there, among them Jeongguk, the French guy, and Yoongi.  "Hey, be careful." Bastien tells the girls rolling around the floor. They almost flipped over the board game. The board game that has no player figurines or dice on it - just white lines of cocaine.  The image sinks in and Namjoon finally sobers up. There's a reason why Yoongi is looking spaced out, holding a loosely rolled up banknote.   "You’re not like this.” Namjoon speaks out loud without thinking.  “I’ve always been like this.” Yoongi replies rubbing his nose with the back of his hand, then reclining fully into the couch. His eyes are barely open.  Namjoon lets his shoulders fall. Defeated, he stares down at the floor in front of him. Then, he shakes his head, unable to believe.  “Whatever. This is dumb as shit.” He turns around to walk out of the room but before that he nods at Jeongguk.  “You. Let’s go.”  “I’m not leaving...?” Jungkook replies, scoffing loudly, making it clear to everyone that the presumption is ridiculous.  Namjoon turns around slightly.  “You shouldn't even be drinking. Let's go.” He says it quietly and there really is no need to raise his voice, his face says it all.  
You know better.
  And, indeed, Jungkook does. Slightly perplexed at Namjoon’s tone and his own instinctive reaction to obey, he gets up and follows him. They say goodbye to Hoseok, who is more occupied by playing with the sleeping Jimin's hair than anything else around him.  "I'm going back to the hotel. I don't think we can get a cab, so I'm walking. Where are you staying?" Namjoon is already looking up their current location with the minimal signal he has.  "Uhm... I don't even know where we are."  "Great." Namjoon looks back at his phone. It's almost 4 am. "Look, I gotta go. You can stay over if you want."  He does. They start walking, following the map on Namjoon's phone. Jeongguk is soon revealed to be more wasted than he had let on earlier. He is a lot more talkative. In fact, he just won't shut up.  “Those girls were so annoying. They kept calling me John. I'm not John. And I'm not straight!" He tries to keep up with Namjoon, stumbling from time to time on the cobble stones. "It was my turn when you walked in, you know."  "Yeah, well, you can do it next time. I don't care."  "He won't let me next time. I don't know what was with him tonight. He didn't care for once but he was no fun at all."  "He seemed to be having a bit too much fun." Namjoon says under his breath.  "Oh. Don't worry, he knows what he's doing, he used to be a drug dealer."  Namjoon trips up on the uneven pavement.  "What?! How does that make it any better?"   "I don’t know! It was just two lines. Nobody gets high from two lines.” Jeongguk says, hiccuping.   ”Who said that? Who’s that stupid?”   “Don’t shout at me.” Jeongguk looks away, his pale face still dewy but visibly tired. He doesn’t seem a day older than a twenty-year-old kid who just came out to have a good time and is being attacked for no reason.  ”No, you’re right. I’m overreacting.” Namjoon takes a deep breath. "Let's just go. You can order room service."  "Yeah?" Jeongguk glances up tentatively, a little sparkle dancing in his eyes.   "Yeah."  By 4:30 am, Jeongguk is bundled up on the couch with a multitude of pillows and three covers - completely unnecessary consider the the weather but Namjoon doesn't mind handing over most of his bedding to him. Thankfully, he's all cheered up, watching some soap opera rerun while munching on fries.  Namjoon closes the bedroom door and sinks into his bed. Tomorrow is coming too soon, his mind already racing around tickets and boarding times. He's about to reach for his phone to set the alarm when the line number on the table rings.   
Who the fuck...?
  "Hello?"   "Good morning, Mr. Kim. There is man who might be looking for you."  
Oh, God. Not this, not now.
  "What does he want?"  "I am not sure, sir. He appears to be sleeping."  Namjoon hangs up and gets out of bed. He storms out, heading towards the elevator. But it’s already there, held open by a staff member.   “Good morning, sir. I was instructed by reception to wait for you here.”  Tired, confused, and mostly embarrassed, Namjoon jumps into the elevator, ready to shout at the sleeping nuisance that, he is sure, is Yoongi.  And indeed, it is. He is lying on the elevator floor, oblivious to everyone and everything. Curled up, head against the unforgiving metal, he looks sad and abandoned. His formerly glowing and flawless skin is sickly white, his face is sweaty and miserable. His angelic little face. The anger in Namjoon disappears.  He kneels down next to him and tries to pick him up. He feels cold. He must have been here a while. Yoongi opens his eyes a little and recognises Namjoon. He tries to touch his face. But Namjoon turns away.  ”I got it from here. Sorry about the trouble.”  He tips the receptionist, hoping they go away quickly. Yoongi is already whining from the lack of attention. Namjoon kneels back down to shut him up.  “Like the way you put your hands on me.” Yoongi mumbles to himself. “My, my... I can barely breath, ah, baby boy, you make me sigh.”  
Is he singing? Christ. Can this get any cuter and more embarrassing?
  Yoongi moans into his neck as Namjoon tries to collect him from the floor. He’s standing on his feet now but only barely; Namjoon is basically holding him up.   “You’re really drunk.”   “No, I’m ... ” His eyes roll back into his skull. Mouth agape, he slurs out the words. “... I'm just dizzy from... dizzy from ...loving you.”   Namjoon’s heart jumps into his throat. He can’t breath.  He’s drunk. He won’t remember this in the morning.  But nothing he’s trying to tell himself can stop him from staring at Yoongi, hanging on barely conscious in his arms. He may not remember but Namjoon wants to. He wants to recall every part of that second; Yoongi’s face, his little mouth trying to get the words out, his formerly white now dirty and ragged t-shirt, his messed up hair, and his absolutely perfect button nose with some kind of smudge on top of it. His little huffing and sniffling as he's pressed against him.  ”Come on.” He picks him up and holds Yoongi’s legs next to his waist. Without the usual tight grip he has on Namjoon, the sleeping Yoongi is quite heavy. His head resting on Namjoon’s shoulders, arms dangling instead of gripping onto his neck, they look like an oversized teddy bear and the kid who won it at the carnival.  Namjoon takes him to the bedroom, not even pausing to explain to Jeongguk, who hopefully has already fallen asleep to loud housewives fighting.  He places the bear on the bed and starts taking off his shoes. Mentally, he’s already calculating the number of hours he will be allowed to sleep. But he can’t bring himself to be grumpy. He gives Yoongi some water, who spills it basically everywhere.  “You’re a mess.” He takes the glass away from him.  ”You’re a mess.”  ”Me?!”   But Yoongi has already closed his eyes and is just giggling to himself now.  “You’re so whipped. You can’t say no to me.”  
Well, he’s not wrong.
  Namjoon gently throws a pillow on Yoongi’s face.  “I could suffocate you right now and nobody would blame me.”  ”Probably.” Yoongi’s muffled cackling escapes through the pillow.  Namjoon turns the light off. He’s ready for bed. As soon as he gets in, two very cold hands run across his chest and stomach. Yoongi is up for something else while in bed.  ”Calm down. I don’t have sex with unconscious people.”  ”Mmm.” Yoongi pays him no mind, just continues touching him. “I want you so much.”  Namjoon sighs. He pulls Yoongi closer and kisses him on the forehead.   ”I know.”  He holds him like that as they start falling asleep. Then, a little voice starts giggling again.  ”Shh.” Namjoon holds him tighter.  ”I bought a ticket. For tomorrow.”  Namjoon’s eyes pop open like microwave doors. Yoongi is snickering into his neck, shy and mischievous like a child who knows he did something cheeky and would definitely do it again. The younger just glares at the ceiling, contemplating, for the second time that night, how much of drunk Yoongi’s words are truthful. But then he just gives up and falls asleep, holding onto his little guest.     



Come Down Time
Chapter Notes
this chapter is very short, im halfway done with the next one at least, and it's good. really



   "I dreamed about the first time you went down on me. My hand was in your hair. You were on your knees. But in my dream I came in your mouth straight away. It was so good. Why don't you do that more often?"   "Take your damn fingers-"  "I like your mouth so much. I wish you would suck me off right now."  "Yoongi, please."  "What? You asked me how I slept."   It hasn’t been an easy morning for Namjoon. The first challenge was waking up at 7 AM, after a good two hours of sleep. Then waking up Yoongi, which he wanted to do gently and adorably at first but had to resort to some measures. As they were leaving, Jeongguk was still sleeping on the couch, so they let him snooze.  The next obstacle was not asking questions all throughout the journey from the hotel to the airport. Namjoon has accumulated quite the list since the past 48 hours. Yoongi’s recent plane ticket purchase was just one of the many things the older has done and gave no explanation to. Why did he give him a very expensive looking ring when they are complete strangers? What did the French guy ask him last night that he said no to? Why is he going with him instead of just cancelling the ticket? Was he going to stay with him? For how long? Where is he going after? What is he really thinking? Like when he was posing, the first time he saw him? That face with nothing behind it. What was that about? Or when he talks about himself and his work? Is it bitterness in his eyes? Why? How much cocaine did he have last night? How much has he sold and when? Is he alright to travel like this? Why did he say he’s in love?  But no time has been the right time. So far, every one of Namjoon’s attempts to bring up these queries has been deflected by shameless flirting in public. Yoongi's dirty talk was powerful enough in dim lighting with nightclub noise, but in broad daylight it’s like whiplash - biting and electrifying, giving Namjoon actual goosebumps.   “There’s a gents right over there in the next carriage, you know.” Yoongi smirks in the seat in front of Namjoon.  “No, thank you.”  Namjoon adjusts his tie. What a stupid idea it was that to wear that. Even if it is silk.  “I've said it before. We’re not having sex in public restrooms.”  ”Excuse me, I merely offered it as an option. If you need some alone time to, uh, relieve some of this stress that I’m putting you under?” Yoongi leans in and touches Namjoon’s knee. Then his fingers travel down to his inner thigh.  ”Are you done?”  If he moves his fingers just an inch closer to his crotch, Namjoon is forcefully offloading him this train. Annoyingly, his defiance only makes Yoongi more determined.    “No, you don’t get it.” Yoongi's leg is sliding against Namjoon’s, his elbow on his knee. He's close enough to whisper.    “I wanna touch you all the time. I think about you fucking me all the time. Like right now. I want you on me. I want your tongue in me. I want you so bad... I just can’t take it.”  He keeps his mouth agape, his tongue between two incisors, ready to lick his lips if Namjoon isn’t turned on enough by everything he just said. The overly air-conditioned carriage suddenly feels hot. Namjoon is looking at Yoongi, everything else fading into insignificance. The other passengers, the view of the countryside as the train is speeding past. It’s all gone, everything is just a blur next to Yoongi’s deep dark eyes inches away from his own.  Namjoon sinks into the kiss. They could be anywhere, he wouldn’t know. He can only feel Yoongi’s lips and the jacket slipping between his fingers as he holds onto Yoongi's waist. He pulls him closer. Yoongi’s knee falls lower, his thigh pressing against Namjoon’s dick. He's forcing Yoongi to arch his back until he can finally reach the curve of his ass. He puts both hands in the pockets of Yoongi’s trousers like he’s desperately looking for something. The black fabric is very thin. It makes Namjoon regret waiting this long to touch him. Yoongi is basically in his lap now, holding onto Namjoon by the neck so he doesn’t fall onto the floor. He’s so god damn flexible at a moment’s notice, Namjoon wishes he could take advantage of it a lot more often than just those two hurried times they had sex. Yoongi’s tongue twirls faster in his mouth - he’s getting turned on too, losing his cool and collected facade, moaning quietly against Namjoon’s lips. He’s eating him up like they haven’t kissed in weeks. Namjoon is slowly gliding down the seat from the weight of him. They’re getting dangerously close to being horizontal which, by Namjoon’s standards at least, is appalling in public. He knows he has to stop. Soon, very soon. His fingers quickly slip under Yoongi’s t-shirt to feel his soft, warm skin. Just a little bit. Yoongi takes Namjoon’s lip in his mouth and sucks on it, cupping Namjoon’s cheeks to kiss him harder. Namjoon digs his nails into Yoongi’s hips. Just a little bit.   Yoongi runs out of breath and starts to kiss down Namjoon’s neck, taking a few inhales inbetween. He also has the nerve to open his dirty mouth again.   ”I wanna... suck your cock like I did yesterday. Remember that? I love it when it goes so deep in my throat, ...fuck, I want it so much.”  ”Shut up, Yoongi, I swear to god...”   Namjoon grabs onto his tiny love handles to make him stop, but his own fingers are working against him: they are already sliding down under Yoongi’s belt trying to feel him up under his boxers. Namjoon scans the carriage in panic - everybody is facing forward, away from them in the back. For now, at least.  And then, over Yoongi’s shoulder, Namjoon spots a perfectly round ass, arched and about to rip the slim fit trousers apart. Well, fuck.  He obeys the lewd and reckless thought that enters his mind out of nowhere and puts his hand on Yoongi’s stomach, pushing it down quickly, right into his pants.  There’s some barely muffled whining against Namjoon’s neck. His fingers are trying their best to get under Yoongi’s underwear while the belt is constructing his wrist. Yoongi pushed him this far, Namjoon can’t stop now, he has to turn him into a pining mess. When he finally touches Yoongi’s dick, hot and throbbing against his hand, Namjoon has to take a deep inhale. He's rolling his eyes, angry at himself and the boundless desire he feels just from touching Yoongi. He strokes his cock up and down, only once, wanting to see how quickly he can get him hard.  “Nggh... So you remember, huh.”  “Yeah, I fucking remember.” Namjoon admits grudgingly, fondling Yoongi’s balls for emphasis. He can hear some very faint 'ah' s whispered into his ear for each move of his fingers. Yoongi is already getting impatient with just kissing him, and playffully bites into his neck.   “Then you’re gonna take me to that to that tiny men's room and fuck me right now?”    "Yeah, I am." Namjoon grunts, frustrated with himself.  He's jerking off a 25-year-old, clearly insatiable and infinitely annoying high profile model, as much as those expensive suit pants and the leather belt will let him, while grabbing his unbelievable firm ass trying to circle around his asshole, wishing he could put his fingers in him. Eyes shut, brows knit, Namjoon is practically fuming. Why is it always like this? Yoongi is supposed to be panting, not him.   
*The next stop is Fiumicino Airport.*
   The sound of the travel announcement makes them stop abruptly and realize that they are about to arrive, literally within minutes. Namjoon pushes Yoongi away from his chest to glare into his face.  “You did this on purpose, you knew we were almost at the station.”  “Me?! I’m coming off a cocaine high. I don’t even know what planet I’m on.”  “Ugh, you’re shameless.”  Namjoon gets his hand out of his pants, and places Yoongi on the seat next to him like he's a carry-on bag. Then he hastily reaches for his actual bag to cover his very obvious erection. And also to look through his stuff and return to sensible business trip tasks like checking that he has his documents and other stuff in order.  Yoongi crosses his legs and looks out the window, sulking. Last night has left its mark on him for sure. Everything from his scruffy hair, the greyish undertone of his complexion and overtly grumpy face says 'bad hungover'. But he's still very attractive, just a little worn-out. There is something endearing about how he’s squinting at the cedar trees passing by as the apartment houses reflect the sunshine into his eyes. Or maybe Namjoon is completely biased at this point and just can't look away.   Yoongi's phone makes a sound, he takes it out and starts texting.   "Jeongguk is awake." He reports to Namjoon. "He's going to stay in your room. We don't have a photo shoot until the day after tomorrow, so I think he's gonna be ordering room service and playing video games on the couch until then."  "That's alright. It's already paid for, somebody should use it."  Yoongi pockets his phone and looks over to him.  “Thanks. I don’t want him to go back to that room he booked. He gave the address away last night to some creep at the club.”  ”You seem very concerned about his love life."  Namjoon turns his attention back to the contents of his bag, concealing his interest in the subject rather poorly.   “He’s the sweetest kid in the whole entire world. But he’s dumb as shit so I have to protect him.”  The answer is, as per usual, very blunt. Namjoon stops rummaging for a second. Then he glances back at Yoongi, eyes narrowed and a little smile appearing in the corner of his mouth.  ”But you’re also dumb as shit, how does that work?”  ”Well, you can see how we get into the things that we do." Yoongi grins a little. "We’re not bright.”  ”No, you fucking ain’t.” Namjoon shakes his head, chuckling softly.  As they get off and head towards the airport, Namjoon thinks about how he landed here a few days ago and how different the place feels with Yoongi. That person from a few days ago would vehemently disagree with having a complete stranger tag along on an important business trip. And, Namjoon has to admit, he would be right. But that person would not understand how it's possible to wake up feeling you made the right choice, even after just two hours of sleep.    --    “So, who’s this asshole we’re visiting?”  Yoongi is resting his head on Namjoon’s shoulder, napping under an eye mask. Namjoon is looking through his notes  on his laptop. They just about caught the flight before boarding time was up.  ”The man works with oil paint on a daily basis. There’s no way you can insult him.”  “Hah.” Yoongi rolls his eyes, with more disdain than necessary for the subject of painters. “I’ll find a way.”  "You don't think you're coming with me to the actual meeting, are you?" Namjoon lets out a little scoff.  Instead of answering the question, Yoongi moves around and nestles more against Namjoon's neck.  "My ass hurts. What did you do to me last night?"   "Nothing. You passed out in the elevator and I brought you to bed." Then, Namjoon continues with his voice down. "And before that, you climbed on top of me and shoved my dick in your ass without any lube."  "Oh yeah! That." Yoongi smirks under his eye mask. "That was good."  "That was stupid."  "It was great, you almost died it was so good. I almost did."  "Still. Unnecessary."  "Whatever. Once in a while you just gotta. Maybe not with you though. Your dick is really big."  "Shh."  "What? It is. Really big."  Namjoon puts away his laptop. The notes are as good as they’re gonna get. He takes out a book instead. Thankfully, Yoongi is too tired to continue entertaining their fellow passengers with any further descriptions of penises, and falls back to sleep for bit. By the time he removes his eye mask, an hour has passed and they are soon to be landing.   “What are you reading?”  Yoongi signals that he’s awake by wiggling around enough to put his head in Namjoon's lap.   ”It’s uuh... The Campaigns of Alexander.” Namjoon doesn’t want to sound pretentious. He really likes this book.  “By?"   "Arrian."  "Who?"  ”That's his name. He wrote about 2000 years ago.”  ”Well that explains it.”  ”I mean he had other names but that’s what he’s been known as for a very long time now.”  “Like Cher.”  ”Yeah... like Cher.”  ”Hmph.” Yoongi snuggles closer to Namjoon, as much as the constricted space lets him. “Read it aloud for me?”  ”You wanna go straight back to sleep, aren't you?”  ”Yeah.”  ”It's not that boring. You know, I wanted to show you a couple of things before we left.”  ”Hm?”  ”In the city. Like buildings and stuff. Mosaics.”  ”Mosaics?”  Namjoon looks down on the pages of the book, feeling shy but unable to stop being honest.    ”I really like history, you know.” He says quietly. “And I’m quite good at it. Talking about it."  The sentences sound weird, lacking the depth they had in his mind. Actually, they’re barely coherent. Namjoon moves the book away a bit to peak at Yoongi's face in his lap.  "I don’t know, there were some things I would have loved to see what you think of.”   “Oh yeah?”  Yoongi shows off a little smile that Namjoon hasn't seen from him before. It's shy and very, very faint. Scarcely noticeable, not even a smile but more like a happy pout. He's looking up at him, his eyebrows raised so much, they're like little crescents. Under them are not the usual seductive or annoyed looking hooded eyes. His dark pupils seem much bigger, like puppy eyes but so down-facing they look sad, even if Namjoon knows he's not.   "Are you sure you're okay?"  The puppy eyes disappear, Yoongi is frowning dismissively. This isn't the first time Namjoon had asked him this in the last few hours.   “I'm fine. I just took a little disco nap in the elevator.” ”No, you tried to get into a hotel room but passed out on your way, either from the drugs you took or the drinks you had. It was concerning. You don't know this but you mumbled some really weird stuff too. That was funny, but still. Overall concerning.”   ”I remember what I said. I said I love you.”   Namjoon almost drops the book onto Yoongi's face.  ”Uh, uhm. Well, you said something like that.”    Yoongi's fingers appear on the page of his book. He moves it out of the way, so they can see each other. He's staring at him dead in the eyes. Namjoon's ear start burning.   ”I know what I said. I’m not a liar. I meant it.”  For the rest of the flight Yoongi is napping and Namjoon is in an unending haze of joy. He had six coffees and two love confessions in the last   seven hours. He was caressing Yoongi’s hair while he was sleeping in his lap, thinking about how he’s going to give it to him hard when they arrive to their booked suite. And then, the realisation came.  “Oh, fuck. Oh fuck no.”  Namjoon whispers the words and stares into the distance. Yoongi opens his eyes, noticing that the petting has stopped.  ”I forgot my phone.”  Namjoon lets the sentence linger for a moment, really letting it sink in how stupid he is. He really did that. Fucking shit. The professionalism.  Yoongi snickers to himself, dragging out his laughter into a self-indulgent whine, like Namjoon is doing some good stand-up.   “You dumbass.”    Namjoon raises his eyebrows at Yoongi. 
“Are you sure you want to join the conversation, Mr Cokehead?”  “No, actually. Just enjoying it from the sidelines.”  Namjoon starts assessing things and what can be done right now. “Well... At least I know where we’re going.”  Yoongi snorts a little bit.  “So you memorised the address but you couldn’t remember to actually pack your phone?”  “I don’t have to hear this from you. Somebody who spends their nights on elevator floors.”  “You’re not letting that go any time soon, are you?”  ”Give me your phone and it’s all forgotten.”  —  “Hey Jin, it’s me Namjoon.  “Hey man. What’s up?”  ”I’m in London. Just landed.”  ”Cool. Why?”  "I had a call from Taehyung."  "Kim?"  "Yes, Kim Taehyung.”  How many Koreans is Jin scouting at the moment? Namjoon is just too frustrated right now to be as laid back as him.  ”He asked me to visit his studio."  ”I thought that was in New York.” Jin says with a hint of suspicion in his voice. “It was there last week. Hmm.”  "I don't know. It sounded important. Maybe you should come too?"  ”I can’t do that. I’m in Aspen.”  ”What are you doing there?”  ”What do you think? I’m swimming. I came to Aspen to swim, Namjoon.”  ”Alright man, fuck. Sorry, I’m really tired. I even left my phone in Venice, if you can believe.”  "Then, you really are tired." Jin laughs blissfully at Namjoon before going back to being his boss. "Get it together, Joon. I gotta go now and show off. This middle-aged woman is watching me. She looks very rich. I'm very handsome. It could really work."  "Ugh, stop!" Namjoon knows he's kidding and that he's only looking for new clientele to sell art to, but the way he targets cougars is just scary. Scary effective.  They hang up. Namjoon immediately remembers why he called Jin. Taehyung’s phone number. Dammit. He can’t call him now. He also doesn’t want to. Looking foolish like that, that is just embarrassing.  He walks back to the food court where he left Yoongi.  “Could you call Jeongguk for me?”  ”Hmph?” Yoongi looks up from his chicken wrap, without stopping his chomping for a second. “Bhumphgook?”  “Yes, please call Buhmgook.”  Yoongi’s cute little face, stuffed with food like a hamster's, diffuses a lot of Namjoon’s pent-up frustration. But there’s still a lot of it.  He dials and starts talking to Jeongguk while finishing the wrap.  ”Yeah, I know. I told him. And he called us dumb as shit!”  ”You called him that.” Namjoon throws one hand up, wrist cocked back, demanding a correction.  ”Yeah, yeah, yeah, whatever.” Yoongi shushes him. “So take his phone and pick it up if somebody calls. Like a sexy secretary. I know, fits you just right.”  “And check if I got any texts.”  “You already got some. He answered them.”  ”How?! And why??!!” Namjoon’s eyes grow wide with horror.  ”I told him your passcode.”  ”When?! How do you even...? Okay, that’s enough.” He takes the phone from Yoongi and starts addressing Jeongguk.  ”Please don’t answer my texts.”  ”But I already did.” Jeongguk sounds confused and offended, which just makes Namjoon groan helplessly.  ”Well, then don’t answer any more.”  ”What, just leave him on read? That’s rude. He seems so nice. And he has a nice name. Tae, so cute!”  ”Jesus Christ.”  Namjoon can feel his pulse rising. He hands the phone back to Yoongi who concludes the conversation.  “Alright so be a nice secretary and bring the phone with you when you leave tomorrow. I’ll see you in Paris. Yeah, I know it’s boring but we promised Jimin and we wouldn’t wanna unemployed, now would we? Oh, okay, fuck you too.”  He hangs up.  “Retired, my ass.” Yoongi mutters under his breath. "What's up with you?"  Namjoon is pacing around and pushing his hair back with both hands.  "I'm having a day. A fucking day."  "Maybe you're neurotic." Yoongi sips on his soda.  "Or maybe you're a pain in the ass to travel with."  "Well, yeah, that's in the cards as well."  



Chokehold
Chapter Summary
The theme is black lace, angst, and rain.
Chapter Notes
arrrite i know a lot of things go around about how to choke when u fucking but this is how i like it i dont care what ur momma says this is what i know




    “I need to take a shower.”  Namjoon puts the room keys down onto the little table by the wall and looks at himself in the hallway mirror. He’s messy. The ironed shirt has become wrinkly and sweaty from short but eventful trip. Getting into central London was about an hour of sitting, walking, stairway climbing, and arguing. Mostly about who is the “more responsible” one out of the two of them. Namjoon still maintained his claim for the title but since he didn’t even have a phone with him, Yoongi quickly dismissed him, stepping forward as the 'elder'. All the while acting like a child, pressing his nose onto the window of the train when they pulled into London Bridge Station.  “Me first!” Yoongi scurries into the bathroom.  Rude... Does he have to take an urgent shit? What’s with him? Namjoon sighs and takes his shoes off. He walks past the TV and turns it on, then moves on towards the bed. It’s just too tempting. He falls onto it, spreading out like a starfish. He halfheartedly listens to the news on the verge of dozing off. The minutes pass and still no sound of progress from the bathroom, not even a peep. Namjoon rests his eyes for a bit longer, his face buried in the covers. But eventually, no matter how comfortable the bed is, he does get antsy with waiting and rolls over onto his back.  “What’s taking so long?” Namjoon groans as he stares at the ceiling. “I thought you wanted to shower.”  Somebody walks in, their high heels clicking on the floor. Namjoon sits up on the bed. In front of him is Yoongi, wearing black stilettos. That and nothing but lingerie.  “I changed my mind.”  Yoongi reaches for the remote on the table and shuts down the TV. Then he turns back to Namjoon. His cheeks are flushed and he’s panting ever so slightly. Yoongi is turned on. While looking like a literal sex dream.  “Well, damn.”  Namjoon can’t say much more. Yoongi is waiting patiently, enjoying every second of Namjoon’s speechlessness.  “Where... where did you...?”  “Airport gift shop." Yoongi tilts his head back proudly.  "My stocking size is a women’s large. I’m resourceful, I thought I already told you that.”  Namjoon blinks quickly, trying to think of something cool to say. His brain is unfortunately fully occupied with processing the black lace bralette and matching panties on Yoongi.  ”Wh..why did-”   Yoongi approaches calmly, smiling at him. There’s almost with pity in his voice.  “You’ve had such a bad time this morning. I thought I’d do something for you.”  “You don’t have to do anything for me.” Namjoon sits back, being incredibly grateful that Yoongi is doing something for him.  Yoongi bites into his lip and whispers a short but heated reply.  ”I want to.”   He keeps walking towards him, hips twirling slowly with every drawn-out step.  He’s modelling the lingerie like he’s getting paid. His glance is definitely something you’d see on a runway, but his movements belong somewhere else, somewhere with hundred dollar bills flying around. Namjoon decides that he doesn’t want to know in what context Yoongi wore platform stilettos before to be this confident in them. It doesn't matter as long as he's wearing them for him. He should be glad. Yoongi is moving his whole body in such fluid and sultry motion, while keeping his face is so uninterested and casual, the contrast is irksome. Namjoon wants to smear that expression off his face, make a mess of it, see him sweating under the black lace. Unfortunately, Yoongi stops before he gets within groping distance.  “Do you like these?”  Yoongi runs his fingers over his thighs, snapping the garter of his stockings a little.  “Yes.” Namjoon forces the word out his dried-up mouth.  “Are you sure?”  Yoongi turns around slightly, his hands on his hips, arching his back at Namjoon. Apparently, he’s wearing little booty shorts, showing a lot of cheek. The garter straps run up the sides of his ass, making them look even more tempting. Namjoon is losing his patience. His nostrils flare as he takes a deeply annoyed inhale.  ”I am fucking sure.”  He reaches out as far as his arms will go, takes Yoongi's hand, and pulls him closer.  “Have I ever told you that you look- ”  Yoongi sits down on Namjoon’s lap, cutting the sentence short with just one roll of his hips. He starts grinding into Namjoon's crotch, slowly but forcefully, locking eyes with him. He gently strokes his face, thumbing lightly at Namjoon's lips.  ”I’m sure you have.”  Yoongi smiles and takes his thumb into his own mouth, licking on it slowly. He then presses it down onto Namjoon’s lower lip, moving it back and forth as softly as possible, leaning into the nook of his shoulder and whispering quietly.  “You have the prettiest lips I’ve ever seen. I want them around my cock all... the... time...”  Namjoon feels his own cock throb at the sound of Yoongi’s voice. His hand finds the back of Yoongi’s neck and turns his head so he can kiss him, slow and greedy, without rushing a second of it. Yoongi’s lips part instantly as they always do for him. Hot and wet, every flick of his tongue tasting sweeter than the one before. There’s nothing like making out with him for the first time since the last. It starts something instinctive in Namjoon, a pace, a want, so relentless, he has to kiss him harder and deeper. He grabs Yoongi’s waist, making him ride his lap faster.  But soon enough, Yoongi is pushing Namjoon back, kneeling over him. He's on full display now, close enough for Namjoon to run his hands over the length of his thighs, and even further up, where his bulging dick is less and less concealed by the minimal amount of fabric. Namjoon swallows hard at the sight of it and slips a couple fingers under Yoongi’s lace shorts.  “Maybe you should take this off?”  “Oh no... ! You don’t like it?” Yoongi fakes concern, pouting like a doll. His round cheeks and sparkling eyes make it very hard to remember that he isn’t actually a sweetheart but a devious little bastard.   “I love it.” Namjoon kneads into Yoongi’s ass until he sees him bite into his lip. “I just worry.”  He jolts Yoongi’s hips forward, towards his face. He gets on his elbows to inspect Yoongi’s panties closer.  “Isn’t it a little tight... right here?”  Namjoon licks Yoongi’s dick over the lace to prove his point. After the first couple moans from Yoongi, he opens his mouth more and presses his lips around the tip. His tongue runs over it until the lace is soaked through and Yoongi’s cock is throbbing in his mouth.  "Worry about yourself." Yoongi moves away from him, his voice nothing but gasps and moans, and undoes Namjoon's belt in a hurry, shoving his pants and boxers down quickly. He gets back on top of him, with Namjoon's dick already in his hand.  "See, you're already dripping and we barely just started..." Yoongi strokes him up and down while gazing into his eyes deviously. He really is a little bastard.  Namjoon looks back at him eager, his face glowering with impatience.  "I don't wanna wait. Take it off for me."  The black lace shorts are thrown off the bed. Yoongi is still running his fingers over Namjoon's shaft but he's shuddering and his movements are getting messier; Namjoon is jerking him off at a viscous pace.   "Oh...fuck... Aah...!" Yoongi is whimpering, eyelids fluttering every time Namjoon's presses down on his tip. Namjoon watches him, completely taken by how lewd and beautiful he looks, his thighs trembling, the black nylon stockings shining over his muscles, the strap of his bra cutting into his shoulders. Namjoon wants to touch him under it, play with nipples a little bit, but his hand finds something metallic and slightly prickly hidden under the lace.   "What's this?" He takes it out, smiling at Yoongi.  "It's called... a... lubricated condom..." Yoongi huffs out between heavy moans. He's moved on from jerking Namjoon off to rubbing his own entrance, shoving a few fingers in. "So, you don't rip my ass in half."  Namjoon lies back and watches Yoongi pleasure himself loudly. In the meantime, he bites off the edge of the wrapper, ready to put it on his dick. But before Yoongi would get too carried away with fingering himself, he stops and takes the condom away from Namjoon. He bends over and licks Namjoon's dick indulgently a few times, before putting on the condom. Without any teasing or hesitation, Yoongi sits on top of him, pressing a hand into Namjoon's chest to raise his hips high enough, guides his dick towards his asshole, and shoves it in slowly as soon as it is in place.  Immediately, Yoongi growls out loud like he couldn't be more annoyed about something.  "Fuck...! Ahh, it's so fucking big... uuuuhh-aah..." Almost like he's furious at Namjoon and the dick inside of him, Yoongi starts slamming his ass onto Namjoon's lap. "Nnnggh...it feels so... fucking... good..."  Namjoon would laugh at the high-pitched complaining if he wasn't completely lost right now. Yoongi has given him so much stimulation in the span of thirty seconds that he might pass the fuck out under him. The tightness around his dick is agonzing. He wishes he could catch his breath but there's no chance. Yoongi is grinding against him faster now. Namjoon reaches towards his hips, snaking a hand over his stomach and the other behind his back, to hold him down on his dick. Yoongi keeps moving at the same pace in this constricted space, looking over his shoulder, watching Namjoon’s dick disappear into his ass, tightening himself around him from time to time.   “You have no idea how good this looks.”  Yoongi breathes out a tired moan as he slows down his grinding for just a second, then starts riding him again, hips swaying around in circles.  “Fuh-uck... ... See, if I had my phone with me…” Namjoon is just backtalking to him out of spite. If he actually could watch what he’s doing, he wouldn’t last second more.  “Oh? Is that what you need?” Yoongi smiles mischievously and presses his thighs even more into Namjoon’s hips, letting go with his hands, and leaning to the very edge of the bed.  He does have quite long arms but this is just ridiculous. Namjoon is holding him by the waist, so he doesn’t roll off the bed like an idiot. He’s also making small thrusts into him, just to make it more difficult for Yoongi. The angle is actually interesting, and apparently pretty sensitive for Yoongi, who is making odd squealing noises as he extends every millimeter of his fingers trying to catch the handle of his bag. He clutches it finally and swings back on top of Namjoon, with his phone in his hand. Throwing his ass up and down hard and fast first, he makes it clear that Namjoon’s joke, trying to make him cum in the most awkward position possible, was not funny. Then he turns away from him and slows down to take a decent shot of his ass, gaping from the size of Namjoon’s dick in him.  “You can have that later.” He throws the phone back into the bag and takes Namjoon’s hand, moving it towards his right nipple. “If you can be nice to me.”  Namjoon obediently slips his fingers under the lace bralette, while unhooking it from the back with his other hand. He starts playing with one nipple gently, while holding Yoongi’s demanding and lustful gaze. This makes it easy for him to sneak his free hand back down, and wrap it around Yoongi’s dick. Yoongi lets out indistinctive words of satisfaction as his head falls back. His hips are still moving in a filthy grind, gliding back and forth on Namjoon’s dick, shuddering from the sudden overflow of pleasure. Namjoon wants to see him shaking. He runs his thumb over the tip of his cock, already dripping with precum.  “Ah-huh… ...yes…” Yoongi gasps for air, then hisses through his teeth.  “Please… Touch me more.”  But Namjoon keeps concentrating all the pressure on his dick, pinching his nipple only slightly between his fingers. The more Yoongi whines, the harder he thrusts into him, the faster he strokes his shaft, but his nipples get no more sensation than the tips of Namjoon’s fingers brushing against them faintly.  Yoongi is grunting, beyond impatient. He bumps Namjoon’s elbow to get his hand further up, around his throat. Namjoon wants to hesitate for a moment but his fingers are already pressing lightly into Yoongi’s pretty neck.   ”Tell me you own me.”  Namjoon chuckles a little. This type of dirty talk is cute. “But I really don’t.” His hand falls back and returns to teasing Yoongi’s nipples. He sits up a little, to get his lips close enough. He finally takes Yoonig's nipple into his mouth, sucking on it gently. Namjoon turns his head to the side and licks it some more, trying to get a glimpse of Yoongi's face. It's all tensed up, eyes shut tight, his jaw trembling adorably.  ”Nnngggh... Ah! Ahh... Say that I’m a little whore.”  Yoongi's words are quiet but clear. Namjoon sucks down one more time then falls back onto the bed.  “I’m not saying that!” he scoffs, acting appalled as he thrusts his cock into Yoongi from an angle that causes the most friction against his ass.  “A-AA-Aaaahh...!” Yoongi’s face turns from cute and lustful to aggressive and pained. He reaches out for Namjoon’s arm, pulls his hand onto his chest and leans against it. Namjoon can feel his heart pounding in his palm, all of his weight pressing against it as he keeps riding him.  “Tell me…”  Namjoon grunts and fucks into him, out of pace, just to make a point.   “But you’re not.” His fingers sink into the flesh of Yoongi’s neck, closing his throat. Namjoon smiles at him faintly. “You’re an angel.”  Yoongi’s eyes close. He can’t see how fondly Namjoon is looking at him, but he has definitely heard him. His hand is still on Namjoon’s wrist, holding it now less controllingly, more for the sake of attachment.  Namjoon waits, pounding his dick into Yoongi's ass and watching him take it. He’s holding him up now entirely, Yoongi’s weight pushing against his hands on his waist and neck. Having no air has made him passive, entranced by the intensity he’s feeling. His eyes are shut tight, he isn't moving at all, lost in the sensation of being so incredibly close.  Finally, his eyes open, staring into Namjoon's. There’s affection tearing up in them. His head is bobbing up and down slightly, Namjoon’s cock is still slamming into him, his whole body quivering each time his ass meets his thighs. After five very long seconds, Namjoon lets go. Yoongi takes a breath and immediately after that, Namjoon pulls him into a kiss. His hips are thrusting fast, his fingers are running through Yoongi's hair, and he's grunting desperately into his mouth as he tries to make him cum on his cock harder than ever. Yoongi’s fingers are shaking on his chest, all of their muscles tense up against each other. Namjoon hears whining and moaning so high-pitched it sounds like crying. The tension snaps, and he is cumming into him, ecstatic and barely conscious. Another whimper and Yoongi falls languid onto him, pliant and utterly fucked out.   —   The sun is shining on his face. Namjoon can’t help but smile back, eyes squeezed together from the quiet joy he feels in his chest. The trees are waving as the light wind is flying through them; there isn’t a cloud in the bright blue sky. Namjoon is smiling with his lips pressed together; so wide his dimples are showing. He’s convinced the whole world is happy in that second, a happy place with happy people, and he’s the happiest of them all. Namjoon looks over to Yoongi, to tell him about the delusional things he just thought of, and hopefully make him laugh at his sentimentalism. But he’s already looking at Namjoon, completely focused on his face. He’s just staring, no mocking snickering, no annoyed grumpiness. Just his puffy cheeks and pouty lips, his eyes smiling so warm, so softly, it would appear that Yoongi is feeling sentimental about what he’s looking at. Namjoon wants to say something but chickens out for the millionth time. He takes Yoongi’s hand and holds it tight in his own.  “Let’s go. We’re gonna be late.”  It’s a sunny day in London, quiet except for the seagulls crying incessantly. The hotel is placed perfectly, close to the center but away from traffic, right on the riverside. They’re going to have a quick sandwich then run to the meeting with Taehyung. For some reason, Yoongi is coming with him. Namjoon only notices how questionable this choice is when they’re already in front of the tall building with giant windows.  ”I’ll wait in the lobby.” Yoongi shrugs, noticing Namjoon’s hesitant finger over the doorbell.  “2nd floor!”  Taehyung’s voice answers the call and hangs up instantly. The door opens.  “We could literally be anybody.” Yoongi squints at Namjoon.  ”Lobby.” Namjoon reminds him to keep the criticism to himself.  However, as it turns out, there is no lobby, just a tiny staircase at the end of which a studio opens up, full of supplies, ladders, giant canvases, a table full of junk, rags everywhere, and a boy in his early twenties wearing blue overalls, looking at Namjoon with an easygoing smile and absolutely beautiful asymmetric eyes.  “Hi!” He greets him showing all of his teeth.  Yoongi reaches the top of the stairs and looks inside the studio behind Namjoon. His eyes meet Taehyung’s and the smile disappears as the two men exclaim at the same time.  “Him?! This guy is horrible!”  “You... bitch!”  Yoongi points at Taehyung in disbelief while the other slaps his own thighs in frustration, laughing from the outrageousness of the accusation.  ”The unprofessionalism this guy brought. Unbelievable!”  ”Unprofessionalism? You worked out of a barn for two months!”  ”I was painting the countryside! How else do you think people take in the environment?”  “Is that what we're calling it now? I thought it was ‘running out of money and all other options’. ” Yoongi scoffs and looks over to Namjoon, who's just standing there, caught in the middle of the screaming match, frozen. “You should have seen him back when he was trying to make it big as an underground artiste in Paris. How did that work out for you?”  "I'm opening my own exhibit next month, you motherfucker! That's how it's worked out!" Taehyung is shouting but, bizarrely, his face is calm.  Do they know each other? Is this just how they talk?  Namjoon tries to piece together their insults into a cohesive story instead of intervening.  “Nice onesie. Glad you still dress like the homeless man that you are.”  “Nice pants. Black - how original! Are you hosting a conference for senile burnouts?”  "These are Dolce and Gabbana, you fuck!"   “Okay, this is not why we’re here.” Namjoon changes his mind and tries to nip the argument in the bud but his comment just gives them more fuel to run on.  ”Yes, why are you here? This is a private showroom. Are you camping outside galleries again, giving away blowjobs for headshots? I know that’s how you jump started your career back in 1922 but we don’t do that kind of thing here.”  “Yeah, I know you’ve never seen a dick in your whole life. That’s why you paint them so conveniently oversized. You should look into that before you launch yourself into international stardom.”  “Man, fuck you!”  ”Yeah, fuck you!”  There's a second of angry huffing on both sides.  ”Are we done?” Namjoon looks up. “Can I open my presentation now?”  ”Yeah, whip it out, who gives a fuck.” Yoongi walks away from Taehyung and wanders around the studio, looking for something to criticize.  “I give a fuck.” Namjoon says it under his breath. He’s too thrown off by the unpleasant tone Yoongi is taking with him to call him out any louder.  ”See, this is why everyone hates you. You don’t respect other people’s work.”   “I don’t respect...?!” Yoongi turns around, fired up by Taehyung's jab. “I did all your work and got nothing out of it!”   “You were a model for me. Once!”  ”Who picked the location? Me! Whose idea was it to get halfway into the pool? Mine! And I am the person in the painting!”  ”I painted it, god damn it! And I paid you!”   “You paid me a hundred dollars. That’s nothing!”  ”Well, that’s all I had at the time. How was I supposed to know that it would sell for so much?” Taehyung throws his arms up defensively. But before Yoongi could accuse him any further, they get interrupted again.  ”Oh my god, that’s you! The Boy by the Pool.” Namjoon stares at Yoongi astonished and electrified like he just had the most exciting revelation.   “Obviously.”  Yoongi is less excited but it doesn’t take away from Namjoon’s enthusiasm. That’s why his face is so mesmerising to him. He’s studied that picture for years. How did he not make that connection instantly? Yoongi up close is a thousand times prettier than the painting version, but still... Or maybe it captured him in a very tranquil state, something that Namjoon only very rarely sees. Like their first time he saw him. Or maybe not. He should look at the painting again.  “See? I told you.” Yoongi puts his hands on his hips, triumphant and bitter. “That’s what everybody knows you for.”  ”Oh my god. That’s crazy. The whole reason I wanted to work with- ” Namjoon bites his tongue but not soon enough. Jin explicitly told him not to say anything like that in front of any artist, especially somebody as young as this one. He looks over to Taehyung and immediately feels dread and embarrassment for disrespecting him so much.   Taehyung’s face is sad, the kind of calm and resolute sad that makes no attempt to fight back. He’s looking away, focusing on something on the ground. It’s a paint bucket, half open. It's red, the loudest red there is. It makes Taehyung even sadder for some reason. Namjoon feels something stab in his chest, something cold. He feels his self return, the one before he met Yoongi in Venice. The one that cares about his job more than anything. The one that would never disrespect anybody like this, the one that would do anything to make talented people achieve everything they want, the one that has spent so many hours of his free time to get where he is. He is telling him to open his mouth right now.  "Yoongi, I think we both need to apologize for how we behaved just now."  Namjoon scowls at Yoongi but it only makes him look cute. Cute but concerned. Yoongi presses his lips together and obliges, walking back to the other two men. Namjoon taps his back a little. His hand isn’t pushing him, it’s supportive and warm.  ”Listen man, I didn’t me- ” Yoongi starts but cuts himself off as his eyes find Taehyung’s face and then the general direction that he is looking in.  "You're having another one of those, aren't you?"  Yoongi walks closer to Taehyung. He squats down next to the paint bucket.  "So... uh. Red, huh?" He moves the brush out of the paint, letting the red drip back down, then glimpses up at Taehyung.  "Yeah... red." Taehyung sighs, tired and full of melancholy.  "It could work." Yoongi drops the brush back into the bucket and stands up, folding his arms.  He’s still looking at the paint, so he can’t see that Taehyung glances over. He studies Yoongi for a second, without moving his head towards him. It’s enough; the life returns to Taehyung’s face with a little smile in the corner of his mouth.   "Yeah, I know, dumbass." Taehyung says quietly, then turns to Namjoon with a bit more force in his voice. "I want to redo the line-up. I've had an idea this week. I left my stuff in the old studio and opened this one. The theme should be red.  "That's not an idea, that's a cry for help." Namjoon tries, once again, to introduce some common sense to the conversation. “You really left all your work in New York?”  ”Yes. All my paintings.” Taehyung is smiling proudly like a child who got their first golden star in kindergarten. He’s proud of himself, and relieved.  Namjoon steps back and looks for a chair to sink into. There isn’t a piece of furniture in the whole studio, just wooden crates. He sits down, resting his jaw in his palm. He looks out the windows that almost go from floor to ceiling. He can't see anything, just white brightness, hurting his eyes. He starts rubbing his eyelids, thinking about everything he fucked up in the past 48 hours, including bringing his hook-up to an actual business meeting. Then, he exhales loudly.  “Okay, okay. We can do whatever you want. I’m sure... there’s a way to... Yeah, sure.” Namjoon is talking to himself. Something is sketching out in his mind, a vague outline of a plan. "First, I have to pick up my fucking phone... in Paris?"  He looks over to Yoongi for confirmation. He nods.  Taehyung turns around abruptly and skips over to the table full of garbage, rummaging through open containers of junk food and crumpled up paper. He's rubbing the back of his head nervously, and when he starts talking, his voice just adds to the overall awkwardness that overcame him for some reason.  "Uhh, that's great. You do that, and uh... I'll wait for you here?" He's trying desperately to find something to occupy himself with, but there really isn't anything on the table that could justify his attention.   "No, no, no..." Namjoon shakes his, still talking to himself mostly. "You gotta come too. This has been dragged out for too long already. We're opening in one month. That's nothing, if you want to start over from scratch. Although I don't know how I'm going to pay for accommodation for three people..."  "That would be a huge waste of money. And time! I need to start working on these new pieces." Taehyung turns around, spreading his arms like there's just no helping the situation.  "Wait, you haven't started at all?" Namjoon squeaks the words out, begging for a rebuttal.  "No..." Taehyung just presses his lips together and looks away.  "That's fine, it's all fine." Namjoon hides his face in his palms.  "You have a place in Paris, why are you lying?" Yoongi tips his head to the side, looking at Taehyung.  "I sold it." The painter raises his nose up, standing his ground.  "No, you didn't." Yoongi smiles at him knowingly, his voice so amicable, Namjoon raises his head to confirm it's really Yoongi speaking.  "It's his crappy old studio. When he was a student." Yoongi says to Namjoon. "He would rather die than give it up."  "Alright. Tomorrow morning, we're leaving. I'll book the tickets and call you later today, okay?" Namjoon gets up, ready to leave. He has some work to do for sure.  "Uhm, ...right. Tomorrow. Okay." Taehyung ran out of excuses a while ago and Yoongi is looking at him too sternly to disagree. He just blushes and lowers his head.  —  "Where do you want to have dinner?"   Namjoon shouts out the question without looking up from his laptop. He has been working non-stop all afternoon while Yoongi was out doing whatever he wanted, then returning and checking out the hotel gym. He just entered the hallway, kicking his trainers across the room.  Namjoon saves his work and hops off the bed to hug him.  "No, don't come here, I'm sweating." He takes his earphones out and wipes his face with his shirt.  “I like it when you’re sweaty.”  “That’s nasty.”  “No, it’s not. You look great.”  “I look like... a wet noodle.” Yoongi is still huffing from the workout. He leans down to undo his shoelaces.  ”My  wet noodle.”  ”Don’t do that. That, “my” something.” He waves one hand dismissively, his other hand on his knee, still looking down and catching his breath.  Namjoon makes a mental note to add “my” to every future conversation. But for now, he just wants to get Yoongi into the bathroom. Since he’s already crouching, it’s only logical to sneak an arm under his legs and over his back, and lift him up like a baby.  “This is becoming quite the fucking occurrence, isn’t it?” Yoongi gives him one of his signature grumpy faces.  “You love being held.”  "Yeah, not like this."  They decide to go for a wander and pick a place at random. The sun is slowly setting but there's still light outside. They're walking to the ferry, to see the night lights from the river. When they arrive at the docking station, the place feels unnaturally quiet. There is nobody there, not a single person. Namjoon squints and notices a red sign on the railings of the entrance: CLOSED.  "Maybe we should walk back." He takes Yoongi's hand and turns around. "I saw a park nearby, we could go that wa-  There's a man standing right behind them. Completely alone, dressed in a black suit. He was defintiely not there a moment ago, or at least Namjoon defintiely did not hear him. He's awfully close, only about one step away from them. There’s a scar running down his cheek to his neck. He's taller than Yoongi but still shorter than Namjoon. And yet, they both stop dead in their tracks in his presence. The man is scary to say the least.  He extend his arm towards Namjoon for a handshake.  "Min Chi-won. You must be my little brother's latest boyfriend."  "Nice to meet..." Namjoon's hand moves automatically but not soon enough.  "Don't you fucking touch him."  Yoongi smacks the man's hand down before he could meet Namjoon's. His eyes are blazing with anger. Namjoon has never seen anything like it, so much silent hatred.  The man rubs his hand slowly, raising an eyebrow at Yoongi, like he's giving him a chance to apologize.   "What are you doing here?" Yoongi barks at him, failing to stay calm.  "Well... You bought a very expensive ticket to London with my card." Chi-won puts his hand into his pockets, seeing as he's not getting any handshakes. "I just had to see for myself what made you resort to using that account. After, how long has it been? Five years?"   The wind suddenly picks up. It's getting late and cold. It's hard to believe Namjoon felt warmth not far from where they're standing just ten hours ago. A feeling comes over him, telling that they should leave. Yoongi, however, takes no note of their surroundings, focusing only on one thing, Chi-won's face. His hands are balled into fists.  "Nice detective work. Did you have somebody follow me from the airport to find out where I'm staying? Or you just happen to know that too, right?"  "I happen to know a lot of things, Yoongi." His glare turns malicious for just a passing second. "As you may remember."  Yoongi's shoulders tremble. His mouth moves involuntarily and his eyes widen a little bit. It fades quickly, the anger firing up in him immediately afterwards but it's enough for Namjoon to step in.   "We should go." He takes Yoongi's hand and tries to drag him away.  "You need to come home, Yoon. Mom and Dad want to see you." Chi-won throws the bait and, unfortunately, Yoongi is ready to take it.  "Don't make me laugh! They don't give a fuck about me! They never did!" Yoongi snarls at his brother, laughing viciously. Namjoon shuts his eyes. It's hard to watch him being in so much pain. He tugs on his hand again, in vain.  "They don't even give a fuck about you! They just like your money."   "They like it more than they'll ever like their gay son."  Chi-won has no disgust in his voice, no venom, not even anger. And yet, it still makes Yoongi snap.  "Listen, you-" Yoongi jumps at him, ready to deliver a punch straight into his face.   “No, you listen.” His brother grabs Yoongi's wrist and holds it up so that he can’t snap it away. "You're coming home."   Yoongi roars through his teeth and headbutts Chi-Won as hard as he can. They start fighting, the older brother deflecting more than actually trying to land any punches. It doesn't last more than a few seconds, Yoongi gets shoved off quickly.  "Don't embarrass me."  Chi-Won tidies up his suit, his face completely unbothered. Yoongi, meanwhile, is huffing, out of breath and out of willpower to go on. He looks at the ground, mortified, running his fingers through his hair in frustration.  "God fucking damn it...!" He hisses out quietly. Then, he looks at his brother one last time, his eyes full of hatred and sadness. He begs him, just for a second. But he already knows there's no way, there's no hope. Chi-won always wins.  A small luxury boat pulls up at the ferry station, making the waves crash high against the bank of the river. Chi-won leaves Yoongi and climbs on board.   Yoongi lets his head fall in shame as the boat disappears, then turns around slowly. He can't look Namjoon in the eyes. It's too humiliating. Yoongi bites into his lip and tries to avoid Namjoon altogether, running away towards the park.  Namjoon catches up before he could get far enough. He tries to stop him without being too forceful. Yoongi is so much smaller than him, especially now, but he feels he doesn't deserve to be overpowered twice in just one night. The only thing he can think of is cutting off his path by running faster than him. He has to, he must. Namjoon hops in front of him like they're playing a very sad version of tag. Yoongi swerves away, looking for somewhere to go. Namjoon tries to reason with him.  "Please. Let's just- "  “You don’t understand! He’s a bad man!” Yoongi shakes his head, frustrated at himself - he knows he’s not making any sense. The more he tries to explain the more frantic he sounds. His eyes are looking from right to left, trying to figure out what to do. He realises he has nowhere to hide, he just has to face Namjoon, let him see him freaking out. It drives his panic higher, making him shake helplessly. "You don't understand... You..."  Namjoon finally catches him and holds him still.  ”No, I don’t but I don’t have to. It doesn’t matter. You’ll tell me later.”  Yoongi's arms are held up between him and Namjoon's chest, frozen, ready to push him away. He wants to run but he can't. Tears start falling from his eyes, the large droplets breaking apart as they leave his lashes. They fall heavy into his palms. He stares at them, confused, hysterical, silently in pain. They keep streaming down like a tap has been opened and Yoongi can’t close it.  Namjoon pulls him closer, letting him cry into his shirt, pressing the burning little face into his chest. His fingers are in his black hair. Yoongi's fists keep punching him; he's rubbing his whole head into him, trying to muffle his angry screaming. Namjoon just holds him tighter.   The wind blows harder, and finally, it starts to rain. Namjoon waits a little bit, even though their clothes are getting soaked. He gives Yoongi a little kiss on his cheek without making him face him, then picks him up by his thighs. Yoongi's legs link behind his back; Namjoon starts walking, his hand stroking Yoongi's hair, pushing his head into the nook of his shoulders each time he starts shaking again.  Yoongi wants to say something. He forms words with his mouth but they won't come out, they just disappear into their wanton movements as they try to get closer and closer to each other. When Namjoon laid him down on the covers he was ready to fall asleep. But he wanted to kiss him before that, just once. He reached out, grabbing his neck, clutching the locks of his hair, and pressed their lips together, not letting go for who knows how long. Namjoon is hovering over him now, fucking him into the bed without moving more than half an inch away from Yoongi's chest. Every thrust is like wave slamming down on him, rushing blood into his head. He can feel himself about to faint. He wants to, he wants to pass out, into Namjoon's embrace, he wants him to fuck him into unconsciousness. His eyes roll all the way back, the bed is swallowing him up. Namjoon is on top of him, blocking everything out. There's nothing, just him, nothing else. Namjoon grabs Yoongi's face with one hand, pressing his fingers into his cheeks and the bone of his jaw. He's so pretty, he can't help it, he has to kiss him once, twice, again and again, until he must break away to breathe. He's so close, the room loses all of its shape and form, it's just a blur of colours, dark purple and red, swirling around him, Yoongi glowing from sweat in the middle of it. Namjoon feels incredible heat around his cock, he feels heat against Yoongi's skin, he feels it on himself, the room, everywhere. His eyes are burning, his face is on fire. He's choking. There is no air, only the rhythm of his hips slamming against Yoongi.  He shuts his eyes and sees something white and blazing. Yoongi screams for a fraction of a second, before his voice breaks completely. He tightens around Namjoon while he's coming into him, spasming and gasping. Namjoon surrenders to the pull of his orgasm and collapses onto Yoongi, his full weight on the little panting body. Yoongi pines a little cry into Namjoon's ear, high and soft. It's the sweetest voice he has heard from him yet. It sounds like...  Something unintentional, painful, and freeing. It sounds like he's in love.   



Defiance
Chapter Summary
the whole gang is together and yoongi will need all the help he can get



Namjoon opens the curtains. It's a bright morning. A bright and early morning. He feels great, ready to take on the day. It has been a while since he was this energetic, this focused and determined. He knows exactly what he's going to do and there isn't a hint of uncertainty in him.   He goes back to the bed and throws the thick, white hotel bedding off the bed, revealing his naked boyfriend who is trying to go back to sleep.   No chance.  Namjoon kisses his forehead, then bites his ear. A few more bites, some encouraging tugging and pushing, and ten minutes later they're both fully dressed, sitting at a table for two, having breakfast. Yoongi is wearing sunglasses indoors like a grade-A asshole, hiding his puffed up eyes. Thankfully, there's nothing to cover his equally puffy cheeks, which Namjoon has newly decided to call his favourite features on Yoongi. Although, it really doesn't matter, he could watch any part of him for hours. But not right now. He is too fixated on getting answers. All the answers.  "I wanna talk about something important." Namjoon says, carefully watching Yoongi's reaction.  Yoongi puts down his fork and reaches for the napkin on his lap.  "Okay."   Namjoon clears his throat and continues, as casually as possible.  "I don't know enough about you. I haven't had the chance to ask you some things and now there's so many things I wanna know, it's kind of difficult to start."  "You could have asked me anything at any time." Yoongi reaches for his glass of orange juice, unfazed.  "Well, yeah... I guess I could have. I was a little scared maybe, I don't know."   "Scared, of me?" Yoongi raises one eyebrow over his sunglasses. "I'm not scary."  "No, you're not. I don't know what I was scared of but here we are. I'm asking now." Namjoon exhales, a little bit relieved that it isn't going too bad so far. "So, let's just start with, I don't know, that guy. Who was he?"  "Which one?"  "The French guy."  “Bastien. I fucked him a couple times." Yoongi puts down the empty glass. His tone reveals as much interest for Bastien as he has for the glass he used to drink his orange juice out of. Not much.  "And?"  "And I guess he got me some gigs. Modelling and stuff."  "What did he want when we were at the club?"  "He’s a drug dealer. They get a little territorial." Yoongi turns his gaze down to his lap and shrugs but explains a bit further. "He wanted to know if I was dealing. I used to, back in the day when he met me. But I don’t anymore.”  He looks up tentatively at Namjoon to see if he believes him, however, he just shakes his head.  "I don’t care. I just want to know who you are."  Yoongi lowers his head again and chuckles to himself.  "Are you sure you want that?"  "Of course." Namjoon knits his brows and reaches out for Yoongi’s hand before continuing. "Don’t you want to know who I am?"  "I guess." Yoongi nods a little.  "Okay, so... " Namjoon takes a deep breath, though he himself is surprised how calm and not at all awkward it feels to bring the subject up. "What the hell was all that yesterday?"  "That was my brother. Chi-won." Yoongi is also as calm as ever. They're both just too comfortable in each other's company. Everything flows and Namjoon appreciates whatever it is that allows them to be like this.  "So, he lives in Korea? With your parents?"  "Yes. And I don't."  "And he doesn't like that."  "He doesn't care. My parents also don't care. Where I am is not the crux of the problem." Yoongi shakes his head a little as he holds Namjoon's gaze patiently.  "Is it that you're not straight?"  "No, surprisingly or not. They also don't care about that."   "Well, then what is it? What does he want?" Namjoon blurts out a little bit impatiently.  Yoongi just sighs to himself, his shoulders falling low. He doesn't reply immediately. When he finally starts, he is looking into Namjoon's eyes apologetically.  “This has been going so well. It doesn’t usually.”  "What? This conversation?"  "No, not just this. All of this. Everything happened so... easily? Like how the real thing is supposed to, uh, just happen. I don’t want to make it difficult.”  Namjoon sits back a little, finally understanding why Yoongi is reluctant to answer.  “Well, I’m no expert, but I don’t think we’re making it difficult by being honest. At least we’re trying. That can’t be a bad thing.”  Silence settles between them, as Yoongi is not trying to disagree with him but there isn't much that can be said to convince him to open up more. Namjoon looks away, watching the waiters and waitresses setting up napkins and glassware, quietly walking through the giant dining hall. The morning sun makes everything a couple shades whiter, like the whole premise is unrealisticly pristine, a void of perfectly laundered tablecloths and ironed shirts, far away from the noise of the real world. He stares at a girl placing silver forks and knives onto a table close to them, measuring their distance from the edge of the table with her thumb.  The words start falling from his lips like he is just talking to himself.  “I think... Falling in love is easy. Staying is hard.”  Yoongi looks at him with a puzzled expression. Namjoon leans in close again and takes one of his hands gently.  "You have to let me try and stay with you. So, please tell me."  "Okay... " Yoongi agrees but looks away immediately. "Not right now, though. We have to go to the airport and I don't feel like talking about this before a journey. But I will, in Paris. Okay?"  Namjoon feels something ease up in his chest. Extremely glad and grateful for whatever it was that made it possible for Yoongi to trust him, he takes his hand and presses it close to his own cheek, then gives it a little kiss.  "Okay."   -x-   The cafe is very small, there is barely any space to sit around a table. The coffee machine is making an awful lot of noise and so does the waiting staff as they place the mugs onto the metallic tabletop. The people in the cafe talk French at lightning speed, disagreeing or agreeing with each other theatrically. Namjoon looks at the latte in front of him, watching the pieces of pastry from his croissant floating around on the surface of the drink. He's really in Paris. With somebody he loves! It couldn't get any more cuter. Yoongi, meanwhile, is less than thrilled to be back at home. He really blends in well with the Parisien crowd, wearing all black, looking perpetually dissatisfied, and edging for a cigarette. As Namjoon just found out, Yoongi smokes in Paris, and he smokes a lot.  "You're going to get wrinkly from all that frowning." Jimin enters the cafe and gives Yoongi's hair a little ruffling. He sits down next to Namjoon and soon Hoseok follows, with two green teas in his hands.   "Here you go, babe." He places one in front of Jimin and sits next to him. "So, why the hell did you two run away and why are you back right on time for the photoshoot?"  The question is more directed towards Yoongi than Namjoon, as he is more or less employed by Hoseok and Jimin as a model.  "It's because of that guy." Yoongi points outside towards Taehyung who is taking some pictures of pigeons with a vintage camera. "That's Namjoon's boss."  "He's not my boss." Namjoon corrects. "But he is my client. I had a meeting with him yesterday in London."  "Oo..kay?" Jimin studies the guy in blue overalls jumping around the street, trying to woo the pigeons into lining up. "Well, I'm glad you're back Yoongi and I'm also glad Jungkook got the memo too. He's going to show up, right?"  "Don't worry, he is. He said he's five minutes away." Yoongi assures Jimin. "We can head right over to the studio and wrap up by 2 PM."  "Hah! Wrap up on time? That's funny." Jimin sips his green tea, laughing bitterly.    Taehyung gets tired of the disobedient pigeons and returns to the cafe, picking up his order from the counter and returning to their table. He slides the ham and cheese croissant to the end of the table to free his hand for a friendly wave in the direction of Jimin and Hoseok.  "Hello! I'm Taehyung." His smile is childlike and joyful. Namjoon can't help but close his eyes and chuckle a little. This guy is too adorable and he doesn't even know it.  "Hi! I'm Hoseok!" The photographer replies, equally cheerful, flashing his own beaming smile. "Nice camera you got there. Mind if I check it out?"  "Oh, this?" Taehyung puts it on the table in front of Hoseok and sits down to eat his croissant. "I just got it recently. I don't know how it works to be honest."  "Well, you picked a good one. This is really rare and in quite good condition." Hoseok inspects the camera then snaps a few pics of Taehyung munching.  "This is Jimin." Yoongi elbows Taehyung and motions towards his boss. His tone is like a big brother's who is reluctantly looking out for a younger sibling. "He might be able to get you some models willing to work for you."  "Hi!" Jimin smiles; those charming little crescent moons appear once again as Jimin's eyes close slightly. "I'm sure we can find you somebody. Are you a photographer or...?"  "No, I'm a painter."  Jimin's smile breaks and his eyes open wide, looking over at Yoongi incredulously.  "That's him. Taehyung." Yoongi just sighs and nods, already anticipating the roar of laughter to come.  After Jimin and Hoseok quiet down somewhat, following fifteen different stories about Yoongi and Taehyung's adventures in the French countryside including the one where they ran out of gas and had to take turns riding a donkey to the nearest station, Jimin decides that it's time to get to work.  "Where is Jungkook anyway? We have to leave."  "I don't know. But he has my phone so I'm going to wait for him." Namjoon finishes his latte. Right after he gets his phone back he's going to have to make a pressing call to his actual boss and every minute before that conversation is pure bliss.  "He's here. See? Over the corner." Yoongi calms Jimin down and just as he says, Jungkook is sprinting towards the cafe. He enters, showing absolutely no signs of exertion, no sweat, no mess of hair, just Jungkook as he normally is. Adorably lively and ethereally glowing.  Taehyung drops his croissant. As he tries to catch it, he flips over the plate, sending it flying across the table. The porcelain crashes into the polished wood and before it could land on the floor, Jungkook grabs it like a frisbee.  "Hi! You must be Taehyung!" Jungkook's smile is so bright in the morning sun, it's like a power plant of a few million watts has been turned on in the cafe. Before anybody could respond, he takes a seat and places the plate on the table. He puts his hood on and looks over apologetically to Jimin.  "Sorry for being late."  Jimin just shakes his head, scolding him only jokingly. Who could possibly scold a little angel like this brat?  Namjoon accepts the fact that now is the time he is going to have to come clean to his boss and turns to Jungkook to ask for his phone. Just then, he sees a familiar figure behind the model. He does a double take, but it isn't his imagination.  "Jin?" Namjoon exclaims in astonishment, trying to get the attention of the tall, handsome man that just entered the cafe. He is wearing grey sweatpants and a white t-shirt, showing off his broad shoulders, as he carries a black duffel bag.  "Namjoon-ah!"  "Hey man!" Namjoon stands up quickly to hug his best friend. ”Did you just come from the gym?”   ”No, I just came from a funeral, the fuck you think?” Jin pats him on the back, really hard, and smiles at him, really warm.  Namjoon tries to laugh but is too surprised to see Jin in this foreign city, walking into the exact little cafe where he is. He just puts his hands up and smiles, waiting for an explanation.  “I hear you’re running a grand enterprise Mr Kim, operating on global scale now. Venice to London, London to Paris. All on company money, hmm? What’s the deal, Mr. Worldwide?” Jin materialises a bar chair seemingly out of nowhere and sits extremely close to Namjoon.  "Erm... " Namjoon starts to go through different versions of explaining what the hell he has been doing these past few days but Taehyung cuts in before he can mumble something about "change of plans" and "creative direction".  "Hi Jin!"   "Hi buddy. How was the flight?"  "Great. Namjoon has been very helpful. And Yoongi has been very annoying but it actually helped a lot too." Taehyung says all of this with completely innocent naivete, having no clue that Namjoon's entire career is on the line.  "Who?" Jin's amicable demeanor breaks and his suspicious nature comes to the forefront. Namjoon's boss is here and so is his hook-up. A perfect morning meeting.  "Hello." Yoongi raises his hand slightly like he's in middle school. "Min Yoongi. I used to work with Taehyung."  Nice save. Namjoon exhales and tries to get Jin attention back to himself.  "So, we have decided to-  "I know you." Jin points at Yoongi enthusiastically.  "No, you don't...?" Yoongi is taken aback by the sudden interest in him.  "No, I do. I know you!" Jin gets even more fired up, then turns to the rest of them. "And, uh, excuse me, I haven't introduced myself. Kim Seokjin. I'm Namjoon's boss."  "H-hello!" Jimin replies, trying his absolute best not to burst out laughing at the looks Namjoon and Yoongi are exchanging. Hoseok is right next to him, nodding at Jin politely, covering his mouth with his hand. Taehyung and Jungkook are the only ones not particularly engaged with the conversation, the younger looking at his phone, typing at warp speed, the older staring motionlessly at his own lap, blushing for some reason.  "But you... don't." Yoongi furrows his brow, uncomfortable yet somewhat intrigued by Jin's relentless conviction.  "I do! I sold you something. But what was it?" Jin replies, looking up like he's trying to retrace his steps. "Guns?"  "What?"  "WHAT?" Namjoon repeats Yoongi's question, with much more concern in his voice.  "No?" Jin looks at them for confirmation, completely unfazed by Namjoon's shocked epxression. "No, okay. But it was was something expensive. I remember. And you were rude, so very rude."  Jin continues to lament while Yoongi and Namjoon are at a loss for words. At the other end of the table, Jimin and Hoseok are desperately gasping for air, their heads resting on each other's shoulders.   "I mean, that does sound like him." Taehyung quips, biting down on his lip mischievously as soon as he sees the rage firing up in Yoongi's eyes.  "Except I don't remember ever being rich. I don't buy anything that is expensive and I don't remember you." Yoongi concludes the discussion about his identity with a stubborn little sniff. Jin, unfortunately, remains unconvinced.  "It must have been a rough time for you. You looked kind of beaten up." He extends one of his long, muscular arms towards Yoongi and places a finger on his temple. "There was scar all the way from-  "Oh, fuck." Yoongi sighs and gently pushes Jin's hand away. Then he looks over to Namjoon. "Fucking Chi-won."  Jimin and Namjoon exhale almost at the same time, their faces similarly concerned and weary.   "Ugh, not him... " Hoseok says in a low voice.  "You know Chi-won?" Jin turns around, excited like a TV show host interviewing the audience. Yoongi sinks lower in his seat, covering his face with both palms.  ”Yeah, I met him once, in erm... 2013? Completely at random. Chi-won is fucking terrifying, man.” Hoseok's face clouds over at the thought of the distant memory. Then, his usual demeanor returns to lighten the mood. “It makes teasing Yoongi a lot more fun though. He’s like the sugar plum fairy version of him.”  ”What the fuck does that mean?” Yoongi asks, genuinely confused instead of taking offence.  ”I don’t know.” Hoseok waves his hand in front of his face apologetically. “Jimin has been watching the Nutcracker on repeat the whole week. I mean... is it hot how he does plies in the living room? Yes. Am I comparing everything to that storyline now? Also, yes."  "Anyway... " Namjoon seizes the opportunity to interject. "We've been having some issues with re-organising the showcase. That's why Taehyung is here, to do some additional work in his old studio in Paris. And also, I left my phone so I had to get it back."  Namjoon says the last sentence a little bit less audibly. He is ashamed of being careless but he feels instantly better for telling Seokjin everything, especially the part that he was guilty about. Jungkook slides his phone over to him and as he takes it to pocket it, Namjoon feels his friend's familiar touch. Jin is grabbing his shoulder, reassuring and warm as always.  "Good work, man. I know it's not always easy." The half-smile he is wearing says all that needs to be said. He knows Namjoon can do better and he knows he will.   "We're doing sketches today, so that should help." Namjoon offers.  "Are you listening?" Yoongi nods at Taehyung, who is peaking at his phone under the phone.  "Uhm, yeah..." Taehyung's head pops up, revealing a little rosiness across his face.  "When was the last time you did live drawings?" Yoongi squints at him.  "I draw all the time, what do you mean?"  "Live. Like right now. People." Yoongi says every word with growing emphasis.  Taehyung raises his eyebrows and looks away, with a "I dunno" expression. Yoongi narrows his eyes even more, like he just caught him stealing something.  "Why aren't you doing sketches of people anymore?"  "I don't know. I don't want to."  Yoongi just shakes his head. Then he points at Jungkook.  "Draw him. Come on, pop that notebook open."  Taehyung's jaw drops and he blinks in quick succession trying to list reasons not to comply with the request. The seconds pass and he still hasn't said a word. He is avoiding Jungkook's stare, even though the boy hasn't taken his eyes off him since Yoongi said his name.  "I'll draw you." Taehyung finally says, appeasing Yoongi.  "No, that's too easy. You've done that many times. That's not practice." Yoongi flat out rejects the compromise, then continues in a slightly softer voice. "Come on, these guys have to leave soon and I'm not leaving until you give us something."  Embarrassed by making at least five people wait, Taehyung takes out his new notebook and his old pencil case, getting ready to sketch. His hands moving almost mechanically, there's no hesitation in them. But his face is full of shyness and quiet shame; it's almost apologetic. As he continues working, Namjoon takes the opportunity to whisper to Jin a short little explanation.  "It's his brother. Min Chi-won. I wanna talk to you about that later."  "Cool. I'll tell you what else I used to sell apart from paintings."   Namjoon nearly chokes on air as he realises that Jin wasn't joking about selling firearms, but discreetly covers his coughing with his hands. Taehyung's drawing seems to be coming along nicely, judging from Yoongi's scrutinizing expression, and there's really not much more he could ask for than his client actually producing creative work a couple weeks before a showcase. Maybe it will just work out.   The group decides to disband until dinner. Taehyung is free to leave as soon as Yoongi, Namjoon, and Jin have a look at his work - they are all very pleased, in their own different ways. Though he wants to leave more than anything, Jungkook and Yoongi drag him along with them as Jimin and Hoseok push their models out of the cafe. Jin heads off to change from his gym clothes to something a bit more business casual. He agrees to have a quick catch-up with Namjoon before meeting with some of his French clients in the evening. The first thing Namjoon is going to ask him is how the hell he found him in the middle of this city. Namjoon hopes he hasn't tagged him with a microchip and has simply followed the trail he left with the company credit card.   Strolling along the less busier alleyways of Paris, the early start of the day slowly hits Namjoon. His steps get heavier and the wind is taking some of the warmth in him away. Maybe he should have worn a jacket or something. Maybe he should buy one! After all, he did do some things right today. After a successful mini shopping trip, Namjoon and his new windbreaker have a seat at a nearby cafe for the third coffee of the day.  "Are you ready to order, sir?" A smiley waitress comes over to his side.  "Ah, no, I'm waiting for a friend. Thank you." Namjoon gets his phone out to text the location to Seokjin. Then sits back and continues reading his book, getting lost in the fictional world for hours as he always does.   "Hello, Namjoon."  He was about to get up to hug his friend but the voice didn't match Seokjin's. Namjoon stayed put. The face he saw in front of him made him stiffen up with shock. It was Min Chi-won, in a black suit, in the middle of Paris, just in the little cafe he was sitting in. Namjoon feels anger prickling in his body, all over his skin. The man irritates him just by being in the same room with him, just by existing.  Chi-won doesn't wait for a response. He takes his hand out of his pocket, slides a phone across the table, and sits down.  "That's for you."   Namjoon doesn't even look at the phone, just holds Chi-won's gaze, even if it is difficult to hide his nervousness.  "I don't want it."  "Oh, but you're going to need it. You're going to help me do a little business in China."  "Why would I help you?"  “Because... If you don't then you’re not getting an exhibition, not here, not in Venice, not anywhere. And that’s me being nice.”  Namjoon furrows his brows. Sure, Yoongi's brother is intimidating, but what can he really do? He's not going to force him to do anything that he doesn't want to.   "You might have your own brother traumatised but I don't know you. And I don't care about your threats."  Chi-won let's out a surprised chuckle. It's the first time Namjoon has seen anything close to amusement on his face. It's unsettling. Just then, the waitress comes around to take their order. He orders a sandwich and a tea. The girl leaves and he turns his attention back to Namjoon.  "Maybe Yoongi hasn't told you what I do, Namjoon. But let me assure you, I am a very hard-working man. And I usually get my way."  "I don't care. I just want to know what you did to him and make sure you stay the hell away." Namjoons words are coming out faster than he intends them to but they a least have a bite to them, even if he can feel his hand shaking slightly.  "Well... I'm not going to tell you that. Let's leave it up to Yoongi, shall we?" Chi-won sits back in the sofa, finding Namjoon's stubbornness a little tiresome.   Just then, the waitress returns with the order. Chi-won smiles at her, the waitress smiling back, unaware of the type of person she is serving. He is still quite young and similarly attractive as his brother, if he isn't showing the side of him that Namjoon has so far seen. Now, everything about the interaction is bizarre and infuriating. Before Chi-won bites into his sandwich, he addresses Namjoon once again.  "But I will tell you this much. I did what I had to. We all did."  "Nothing can possibly justify your actions. Just the way you treat him, your own brother, it's unac-  “Is it?" Chi-won cuts in without raising his voice even a little bit. His sudden glare is enough to make Namjoon question his own stance. "We we’re slowly starving to death. What would have you done? I would love to know.”  Chi-won is staring him down, his body completely still as he chews on his egg sandwich with absolutely no taste. His jaws move mechanically, showing no interest in the simple pleasure of a meal. His eyes are cold and unfaltering. This man isn’t afraid of anyone. Not anymore, not for a very long time. Namjoon realises that it’s not just their looks that make them similar, they share at least one more trait. The Min boys don’t seem to lie. Their bluntness is identical.    “It isn’t easy killing someone, you know. It isn’t easy doing it fifty times in a row.”  The warm lighting of the coffee shop is comically cheerful for the words that come out of Chi-won’s mouth. His tone is so plain, so bored and sure of himself, it cuts like a knife. He puts the sandwich down and brushes the crumbs off his lips. Just the muscles tensing in his jaw are terrifying, he doesn’t need to say more.  Namjoon looks away finally, staring down at his lap. It is done, he has managed to intimidate him. Even if it is for a second, he has already lost one match with this man.  "What do you want?" He asks quietly, concentrating on his heartbeat to collect his thoughts. Just to break the shock he has been under since the conversation started.  “I want Yoongi to come home. And you’re going to help me with that. As well as some other things." Chi-won pauses to take a sip of his tea. Savoring the words he is about to say, he waits a little more, just looking at Namjoon. “Because you know what’s good for him, don’t you?”  Namjoon exhales slowly to keep his calm. He is visibly sickened by the thought of Chi-won having any knowledge of the tender relationship between him and Yoongi.  "How?"   “You sell art. Rich people buy art. You must have noticed that during your lengthy work experience.” Chiwon’s tone makes it very clear that he knows Namjoon has been a fully fledged art dealer for no more than one year.  “Yes, I’m aware.”  “I need to sell some items and I want to know who has what, and or more importantly, who wants what. But above all, I have to cover up some tracks and it can’t be me doing that. I need somebody I can trust. And if you’re fucking my little brother, then I can trust you.”  “I don’t trust you.” Namjoon objects quickly, his eyes darting at the man. He is losing his composure again.  “That doesn’t matter. This is a one way relationship.”  “Are you... blackmailing me?” Namjoon asks wishing he was just imagining the whole conversation.  “Yes, that’s exactly what I’m doing. I’m blackmailing you, I’m blackmailing my little brother. You, mostly to get him onboard a bit more. He already got the gist of it from our most recent little meet-up. See, he catches on a lot more quickly, I don’t even have to say the word blackmail, he knows what I’m about.”  “You’re disgusting.”  “No, no. I’m family. And family... sticks together.” Chi-won gives Namjoon a smile so chilling that it turns his stomach upside down.  “And don’t worry, I like you, a lot more than those other guys he had in the past.” He has already got up and as he's leaving he puts his hand on Namjoon’s shoulder.  “Not that there were many. I did make sure that they left after a while.” Chi-won admits his crimes to himself, like confessing to a priest, except showing no remorse whatsoever. “I don’t know how I’m going to get rid of you but I’m glad I don’t have to think about that right now. Let’s keep it that way, alright?”   -x-   “Why do you look good in everything?”  ”The Lord only knows.” Yoongi shouts back.  Namjoon is watching as he is walking over to him. He's hair is blond, platinum blond. It's practically glowing white in the darkness of the quiet little street. As he finally reaches him, he notices that he is wearing an oversize black t-shirt with a navy blue hedgehog on the front.  "I like the new look." Namjoon kisses him, holding him close to his chest as soon as he can touch him. Then, he lets go a little. He knows he has to, at least a little bit, to start talking to him. Even if all he wants is to never let go.  "Do you?" Yoongi rubs the back of his head, slightly unsure.  "I don't get it but I like it."  "It's called cybergoth."  "What is that and how does that relate to Sonic?"  "I don't know. Ask Jimin, he's the mastermind behind this. Or Taehyung, now that you're in cahoots with." Yoongi feigns annoyance as he tries to steal another kiss from Namjoon, struggling on his tiptoes to reach his lips.  "I'm not in cahoots with him, I work for him." Namjoon laughs and gives him a dismissive peck. "Where is Taehyung?"  "He's with Jungkook. We're going to have dinner together. I'm afraid they're cooking for us."  "Oh, no... "  "I know. I'm sure there's a McDonalds open somewhere around here." Yoongi shrugs, a little smile hiding in the corner of his mouth. Instead of smiling back, Namjoon decides to get it over with and admit what has happened earlier. Yoongi isn't exactly surprised that Chi-won went to see him, only frustrated.  "I think you're going to have to visit your hometown." Namjoon concludes finally.  "Yes, it seems to be that way." Yoongi looks to the side, studying the parking cars like they will give him some advice at this time.  "And, uh... I am also requested to accompany you." Namjoon tries to laugh at the way he phrases their situation.   "What?" Yoongi exclaims, suddenly angry. "He can't do that! You did nothing wrong!"  Namjoon looks back at him, perplexed at the last sentence, but quickly decides not to ask questions right now. He has things to say.  "I don’t care. I’m gonna go. I’m going to be there for you now."  "Wh- But why? We just- " Yoongi blinks at him, incredulous and still furious.  "Yeah, I don’t know why we met either. I don’t care.” Namjoon quietly dismisses him and takes his hand. “We’re together now. I want this. I’m not giving it up. You have no idea how much I like kissing you. You have no clue. What I feel when you... what you do to me... You have no idea.”   
Namjoon gazes into the nothingness for a bit, trying to recall all of times he felt that feeling. There have been so many, he has to smirk a little. It’s so obvious, he really doesn’t need confirmation from Yoongi to know what this is. He knows even if Yoongi doesn’t. Even if he doesn’t feel the same way.
  ”But...”  Namjoon strokes Yoongi’s temple and pushes his hair back. He’s never seen Yoongi like that, not except for that time in the shower. He thought he had a nice forehead. His hair was black back then. It’s blond now, dark roots under the tips of his fingers. He kisses him on his brow. His hand moves down from his hair to his soft and chubby cheeks. Namjoon lightly thumbs on it and smiles at Yoongi. He’s pouting. There's worry in his pretty eyes.  ”Chin up, baby. I love you.”  Yoongi’s eyes grow a little wider. His cheeks flare up. Namjoon keeps looking into his eyes, surprised at himself for not blushing for once. It doesn’t seem hard to admit this to Yoongi, it doesn’t feel intimidating to lock eyes with him. He just feels happy.      -x-




Afterword


End Notes
i just started this kind of without much thought so we'll see how it goes. tell me what u think, come say hi @sovietsuga


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



