



An Enormous Strength of - Kittycombs - Multifandom
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

An Enormous Strength of Will
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/14465910.
  


Rating:
General Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
F/M, Gen, M/M
Fandom:
The Avengers (Marvel Movies), The Avengers (Marvel) - All Media Types, Captain America (Movies), Iron Man (Movies), Doctor Strange (2016), Black Panther (2018), Thor (Movies), Guardians of the Galaxy (Movies)
Relationship:
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers, Pepper Potts/Tony Stark, Wanda Maximoff/Vision, James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson, Steve Rogers & Tony Stark, Peter Parker & Tony Stark, Peter Parker & Shuri, Loki & Thor (Marvel), Loki & Wanda Maximoff, Gamora/Peter Quill
Character:
Steve Rogers, James "Bucky" Barnes, Tony Stark, Wanda Maximoff, Vision (Marvel), Sam Wilson (Marvel), Thor (Marvel), Loki (Marvel), Bruce Banner, Natasha Romanov (Marvel), T'Challa (Marvel), Shuri (Marvel), Peter Parker, Gamora (Marvel), Peter Quill, Rocket Raccoon, Groot (Marvel), Drax the Destroyer, Mantis (Marvel), Stephen Strange, Okoye (Marvel), Thanos (Marvel), James Rhodes
Additional Tags:
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie), Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant, Infinity War spoilers, i went and saw infinity war and not even 24 hours later i already wrote fic, Fix-It, Happy Ending, Hurt/Comfort, YOU get a reunion! and YOU get a reunion! EVERYBODY GETS A REUNION
Series:
Part 1 of
Infinity War ending????? I don't know her
Stats:

        Published: 2018-04-28
        Words: 5454
      

An Enormous Strength of Will
by Kittycombs
Summary
INFINITY WAR SPOILERS SERIOUSLY PEOPLESteve Rogers has a plan. It's not a great plan. Hell, it's not even a good plan. But it's the only one they've got.
Notes
LAST WARNING PEOPLE INFINITY WAR SPOILERS BELOW

          See the end of the work for more notes




An Enormous Strength of Will

“You should have gone for the head.”The snap of his fingers resonated like a drum in an empty room, punching at Steve’s eardrums. He felt a wave go through him, something passing right through his middle, and for a moment, he was certain that if he looked down, his body would no longer be connected with his legs.When he could finally open his eyes again, the whole world was still.Thor had an axe embedded in Thanos’s shoulder. Thanos was smiling.When the villain was smiling, that was never good.Thanos just knelt there, looking all around him.What on earth was-“...Steve?” Bucky asked, at Steve’s four o’clock.Steve turned, and wished he hadn't. Because if he hadn't, he wouldn't have had to see James Buchanan Barnes disintegrate before his eyes.If he hadn't turned, he wouldn't have had to watch in open eyed horror as Bucky died  again  while Steve could do nothing to save him.Steve felt all his muscles go tight. His vision blurred-No. No, not right now.Later, there would be time to mourn later. Save the universe, make sure it didn't all mean nothing.He looked to his left - Sam was blowing away in the wind. In front of him, Wanda, sobbing over Vision’s corpse, looking almost glad to go. On his right, T’Challa picking up Okoye, only for him to turn to dust in her hands.Steve Rogers, contrary to what many people seemed to think, felt things. He felt them very deeply.And right then, he could feel the rage all the way through his  bones. A passage from a book Tony had given him once floated through his head.
 ‘I feel like I could eat the world raw.’ 
Plan plan plan plan he needed a-Got it.As quick as he could, once Thanos’s eye is off of him, he darted over to Okoye, grabbing her spear from where it had fallen near her.“I have a plan. When you’ve got the chance-”“I will. My aim will not fail.”There were tears in her eyes, just sitting there, not falling. She looked as angry as Steve felt.He stood, knowing that he could die doing this, and not giving one single fuck.“Thanos!” He yelled, stepping forward, walking slowly, taking his time, to make sure that all of Thanos’s attention was on him and him alone. “If you think this is over, you're wrong.”“You silly little human,” the grape bastard starts, “you really are even more naïve than I had thought.”Okoye circles around, crouched to the ground, all but invisible unless you knew to look for her.“Why's that? Because I'm not done fighting yet?”“Because you don't see that I’m right.” The monster had the audacity to almost look sad. Steve  hated him. “I don't see how destroying half the galaxy makes you  right.” A few more seconds and Okoye would be in position. A few more seconds.“Because now you will not want for anything. With half of you gone, there will be enough for those left.”Steve doesn't try to think about how  half the universe  is gone. “You know, for some reason I feel like I've heard that somewhere before.”  Don't look behind him, Okoye will be there, if you look behind him, if you move your eyes for even one second, he'll know. “Genocide is never an answer.”“This is an even split. No petitioning, no asking. Randomly chosen. Now no one will try to convince you why a person they love is worth being spared.”“That's because they all are.”“You proved me right, Steven Rogers. More naive than I would have thought.”“From where I'm standing, you've still got an axe in your shoulder.”Thanos smiled. “From where you're-”
 Shnirk. 
Okoye’s spear appeared, the tip having sailed right through Thanos’s left eye, strong enough that it had gone all the way through, and was beginning to poke Thor in the side.Thor dropped him, stunned.Steve ran over. “Hell you think your doing?” He demanded, hysteria coming toward him.  Not now, not yet, mourn later. Steve grabbed Thor’s axe, yanked it out of what was hopefully a corpse, and swung it down hard on Thanos’s neck, again and again and again. Just to be sure. He had to be sure.Another voice, a voice that normally saved itself for nightmares, floated through his head.
 ‘Cut off one head, two more grow back.’ 
Steve aimed wrong, slightly, and Thanos’s head flew back, rolling and coming to rest against the side of a tree. He dropped the axe and grabbed the spearhead from where it had been broken from the shaft as Steve had been cutting, and he straddled what was left of the body, stabbing into its torso repeatedly. There was a heart in there somewhere, even if Thanos could not feel.He only stopped when there were more holes in the flesh than uninjured skin.He fell to the side, and took great, shuddering breaths. Dirt flew in his mouth. Steve held himself up on his elbows, eyes locked on the place where Bucky’s ashes were.Plan part two, the part where Steve probably dies.He dragged himself up - his mother’s voice in his head, much more welcome,  ‘if you can breathe, you can stand, and if you can stand, you can fight’  - and allowed himself one more steadying breath.He walked around Thanos’s corpse, and sat next to his hand. He grasped the ends of the glove firmly, getting his fingers under the edge, and braced his legs, letting his body weight and gravity help him yank it off.He let it hang from his fingers. He stood up.“Steven,” Thor started, “that gauntlet is dangerous. Not even Thanos should have been able to wield it. It would be madness to try-”Steve huffed. “Only one way to find out.”He dropped the too-big glove onto his hand, trying to get his fingers into the proper place when something odd happened.It shrank.It fit his hand perfectly, like it belonged there.Something began to buzz in the back of his mind, but he shoved it aside for now. More important things. Mourn and deal with the headache later.The raccoon walked over to him.“You know, pal, if you're gonna destroy the rest of the world, I want it noted that I'm against that.”“How long has it been?” Steve asked, turning to Thor. “Since he attacked your ship?”Thor hesitated. “Four days? Five?”“Bruce?” Steve asked, turning to where the Hulkbuster armor was half buried in rock. “How many days since New York.”“Four.”“Four days. Okay. I can do that.”“Do what?” The raccoon asked.“Undo the damage that Thanos has done in the past four days, but he stays dead,” Steve explained. He held his hand up to the light. The Infinity Stones sparkled.“If I can make a request?” The raccoon said, “the Guardians of the Galaxy here on earth, with our ship.”“Tony!” Bruce interrupted. “Tony and the kid went into space with Dr. Strange.”“Anyone else?” Steve asked, his heart racing.“The people of Asgard here, safe, with their ship in range to descend. All of them, including my brother.”“I take it there's a long story?” Steve asked, looking at Thor.“Very long.” He pointed at the left side of his face. “This eye isn't even mine.”Steve nodded, not sure what the response was to that.“Steven,” Thor said, placing a worried hand on Steve’s shoulder, “I must warn you. For a mortal to wield it...the power alone could rip you apart. Pull you adrift in the cosmos.”Steve looked over to the brown dust that was Wanda over Vision’s empty shell. To the place where Sam had been, only minutes ago. He thought about Pepper, and how he needed to bring Tony home for her. He thought about the kid (if it was the spider guy at the airport, he couldn't have been more than 16, now that Steve thought of it), how he didn't deserve to be stuck in space. He thought about T’Challa, and all the man had done for him. Shuri had already lost a father, she shouldn't have to loose her brother too.He let his eyes fall on the pile of ash next to the gun Bucky had been using.“Good thing I've got a strong anchor.”Even if it does rip Steve in half, he’ll be dead. And it's a noble death, to save the world. It's not suicide. He might go to Heaven. See Buck, his Ma.And if it worked?Steve took a deep breath.  Asgardians, and Loki. Guardians, and their ship. Tony, the kid, and Dr. Strange. Everyone back. The civilians, they don't remember what happened today. They think it's situation normal. The damage undone. All of it from the last five days. But Thanos...Thanos stays dead. He closed his eyes, and snapped his fingers.The wave of energy pulsed again, and the buzzing in his head turned to a fire.He yelled out, collapsing onto his knees. It could have been minutes, hours, days, another seventy years could have passed, and Steve wouldn't have been able to say.Okoye was there at his side, one hand on his shoulder. “Steady, Captain,” she said, and her familiar-but-not-too-familiar voice stayed him from the storm.Steve opened his eyes and looked at her. Her mouth was tight, but no more so than usual. Steve didn't draw much anymore, but, he thought deliriously, Okoye had an excellent face for it, if she'd let him.“Did it work?” He asked.Her face smoothed. “You tell me.”She pulled him up, one hand on his arm.Steve swallowed. He looked up.T’Challa was leaning against a tree, breathing heavily. Sam was pushing himself up, spitting dirt out of his mouth. The Hulkbuster armor was propped against the rock instead of in it. Wanda was once again leaning over Vision, and the color was slowly returning the his face. There was no soul stone, but hopefully Shuri had done enough. Steve swallowed again, bracing himself.He looked over to the spot where Bucky had been.The man had pushed himself up, sort of sitting on his knees, both hands holding him up.The immediate threats were gone, so Steve let his heart take over.He all but threw himself at Bucky, body not able to decide if he would rather clutch Bucky to himself or run his hands over his friend’s face, his hair. He's here he's here he's here he's here he's   here.  “Steve? What the hell just happened?”Steve had never been happier to hear anyone say anything. “I don't know, I just know it's over.”“He's dead?”“Okoye killed him.”Bucky smiles. “Of course she did.”Steve followed his line of sight. Okoye was standing in front of T’Challa. Neither of them said anything for a moment, before T’Challa pulled her into his arms.“I am sorry I failed you, my king,” Okoye said.“You could never fail me, General. It seems, Okoye, that you have, in fact, saved me once again.”They exchanged a few words in Wakandan, which Steve couldn't understand.He just held Bucky close to him, until he heard Okoye say, “Wakanda Forever.”T’Challa repeated it.“Wakanda for-fucking-ever,” Steve agreed.T’Challa and Okoye both looked at him.“Was that...disrespectful? I'm sorry.”T’Challa and Okoye looked at each other, and then they both laughed. “Not at all, Captain. Not at all.”Steve smiled at them both, and turned back to Bucky. They locked eyes.“I...Bucky, I-”“Steve, before the next weird thing from space comes to kill us, would you just kiss me already?”“What?”“Unless, that is, you don't want-”Steve wrapped both hands around the back of Bucky’s neck and kissed him, softly, gently. After everything Bucky had gone through, he deserved this softness.Steve felt one of Bucky’s thumbs wiping at his face as he pulled away. Oh. Steve was crying.“Been wantin’ to do that as long as I can remember,” he confessed.“Pal, wantin’ to do that was the  first  thing I remembered.”So Steve kissed him again, just because he could.Bucky clutched back at him this time, kissing him harder. Scared, adrenaline still coursing through their veins.It occurred to Steve that maybe Bucky needed to make sure Steve was alive as much as he did Bucky.Steve ran his fingers through Bucky’s hair. He would learn, Steve decided, to braid, so that he could braid Bucky’s hair back for him.Their beards rubbed against each other, the little hairs catching together.Steve only pulled away because he needed to breathe.“Cap?” Sam asked.Steve stood up, bringing Bucky with him. He let go of Bucky for just one moment, half-running over to Sam, and crushing the man in his arms.“Cap, as much as I appreciate this, some of us have normal human bones that have been through enough today.”Steve laughed, still crying a little. He's never felt so relieved in his life.Steve heard a gasping sob behind him. He turned, and saw Wanda holding Vision’s face between her hands.“Vis, wake up. Please.”Steve stared at the stone on his hand. Wanda had already shown she could destroy them, so he wouldn't need the glove to wish it to destroy itself.He got his fingernail underneath the fitting, and  willed the stone to release. As soon as the thought crossed his mind, it popped out and landed in the ground.Steve crouched and picked it up, walking over to her, and placing a hand on her shoulder. She sobbed, and turned her face into his neck.Bucky knelt next to them, and pulled her into his own arms. He gave Steve a look that clearly said,  do what ya gotta. Steve gently took the stone and placed it on Vision’s forehead. He  willed it to work, and…Vision gasped, pushing himself up.“Wha-?”“Vis!” Wanda cried, pushing away from Bucky in order to grab Vision. “How, I-”Vision pressed a kiss to her forehead, fingers drifting up to touch the Stone in his head. “It would appear that Captain Rogers continues to impress.”Steve felt himself blush. “Nah, I-”Thor cut him off. “Only a being with great strength of will would be able to do that, Steven. I do not think even I could.”“So Steve Rogers saved the universe by being too damn stubborn to do otherwise,” Bucky said, reaching out and cupping a hand to Steve's face. “Why am I not surprised?”Steve felt himself give a watery laugh. He shifted around where Wanda and Vision had their heads pressed together, and imitated their position with Bucky. Eyes closed, foreheads together, hands on cheeks, whispering words to each other.“I love you,” Steve confessed. “I always have.”“Love you too,” Bucky replied. “Always will. Not even those Nazi fucks could knock that outta my head.”Steve gasped another laugh, tears rolling down his cheeks.Bucky wiped them away. “No need to cry, sugar. Everything's gonna be alright now.”Steve only cried harder. “I'm just so. So, so, relieved. I thought I'd lost ya,  again.” “But ya didn't. I'm with you til’ the end of line, pal. Gonna take more than Nazis and space bastards to get rid of me.”“Whatever souls are made of,” Steve said, “yours and mine are the same.”“Dammit punk, you're gonna make me cry too. You been practicin’ that?”“Nah, it's from a book. Wuthering Heights.”“Maybe you can read it to me sometime.”“Of course, long as you're next to me.”“Let's find a bed somewhere and sleep for a month, first.”Steve laughed. “I could get behind that, honestly.”Bucky was about to say something, but a loud crash resonated through the small wooded area.“Ahhhhhhhhh what the hell?” Someone yelled, and the voice was familiar.Steve stood, Bucky with him, arms firmly around Steve’s waist, not letting him go.“Tony?” Steve asked. “You alright?”Tony looked up from where he lay on the ground. “Rogers? That you?”Steve gave him a cautious smile. “Yeah, ‘s me.”“You have a beard. Captain America has a beard.”“Didn't think I was Captain America anymore,” Steve admitted.Bucky's arms tightened around him. Steve wrapped his arms around him in return, not caring who saw.“Mr. Stark?” A higher voice said. “What happened?”“What happened is that Steve Rogers is a badass,” Rhodey said. He walked over to Tony and offered him his hand to help him up. “Glad to see you're okay.”Tony stood, flinging himself against Rhodey. “Holy shit. I was in space. I was fighting an evil mutant grape.”Rhodes nodded over to Thanos’s decapitated head. “Yeah, I know.”“Ew, gross, kid don't look,” Tony said, placing his hand over some kid’s eyes. “Who the hell did that?”“I did,” Steve said. “But Okoye is the one that killed him.”“Cutting off his head didn't kill him?” Tony asked incredulously.“No, she threw a spear through his eye. The head was just a precaution.”“Holy shit. Who's Okoye?”Okoye stepped slightly forward. “She is me. General Okoye, leader of the Dora Milaje.”“And those are?” Tony asked.“The king’s personal guard,” T’Challa said.“Mr. Stark, can I open my eyes now?” The kid said.“Oh, right.” Tony removed his hand. “Peter, everyone, everyone, Peter.”“Is that the spider kid from the airport?” Bucky asked, tiredly.“Uh, yeah, sir.” Peter looked a little shocked. “Holy cow, you're Captain America. I fought Captain America. Captain America kicked my ass.”Steve blushed.“And metal arm dude! Is that a new arm?”“Yeah,” Bucky answered. “Someone kinda blew my other one off.”Tony winced. “Yeah, sorry about that.”Bucky didn't say anything.“You killed my mom, I shot your arm off. Bygones?” Tony offered, holding out his hand.Bucky just stared at it. “The Soldier killed your mother. He's part of me, but I'm not him.”Tony sighed. “I'm sorry. Okay? I'm apologizing. And I never apologize to anyone except Rhodey and Pepper.”“I'm sorry too,” Steve said. “I shouldn't have kept that from you.”Bucky’s finger tightened on Steve’s uniform. “You tried to kill us.”“Yeah pal, and you tried to kill me.”“I was trying to  escape.” “How about I make you a cool new arm and we call it even?”“I already have a cool new arm,” Bucky said, wiggling his fingers. “And I doubt you could make anything cooler than Shuri could.”“Who's Shuri?”Tony’s question went unanswered, as at that moment, Loki showed up. He fell to his knees, hands clutching his throat, gasping and shaking.Thor dropped his axe once again, rushing over to his brother.“Loki, Loki, you're safe, you're here. Thanos is dead. He won't hurt you again. I'm here. You're safe.”Loki looked up at Thor, his eyes slightly unfocused. “You're still alive. And Thanos is dead?”“Yes. The honorable General Okoye killed him, and then Captain Rogers took off his head with my axe.”In the background, Tony whispered to Peter, “and my bow.” Peter snorted.“But what of the ship?” Thor asked. “Is everyone alright?”Loki nodded. “We woke up already orbiting Midgard. All of us. Heimdall...was most surprised.”“But then why are you here?”“I had to find you,” Loki answered simply. “I...after everything, brother, we are connected, you and I. You think there is any place in the universe where you could go where I could not follow?”Thor smiled, placing his hand on the back of Loki’s neck. “You always were the cleverer of us two.”Loki scoffed, but smiles. “Not like that's hard.”Thor began to cry, smiling all the while. “I will not lose you again, brother.”Loki threw his arms around Thor, whispering so quietly that Steve could only hear him thanks to his advanced hearing.“I would not want you to.”The brothers clutched each other and shook. Steve averted his eyes to give them some privacy.“No one care that he invaded New York?” Tony asked, pointing at Loki.“Eh, he's not so bad anymore,” Bruce answered, still in the armor. “Kind of a jerk, but more in a chaotic neutral way than any pure evil.”“You play Dungeons and Dragons?” Peter asked.“Yeah,” Bruce said. “We should play sometime, kid attached to Tony in an as-of-yet undescribed way.”Tony jogged over to Bruce, poking at various places and pulling wires until the armor released. He pulled Bruce into his arms.“Good to see you, Buddy.”They stood up, and Tony turned. His eyes landed on where Vision and Wanda were still wrapped in an embrace.“Young man, where have you been? Have you been waltzing all over the world with your girlfriend?”“I would hardly call it waltzing, Mr. Stark,” Vision said, not at all embarrassed. He stood pulling Wanda with him. “But, can you blame me?”Tony smiled. “Not at all.” He walked over and pulled them both into a hug. “Everyone here is officially invited to my wedding!” He announced.“You and Pepper gettin’ hitched?” Steve asked.“Yeah!”Bucky yawned, nuzzling his face against Steve’s neck and pressing a soft kiss to the skin there.Tony’s eyebrows furrowed. “You and Terminator there-?”“A recent development, but a welcome one,” Steve said, gliding his hand up and down Bucky’s spine.“You know what?” Tony said, throwing his hands in the air. “Almost dying on some alien planet does wonders for your perspective! Fuck it! Congrats, Cap! I love you all!” He strode over to Steve and Bucky, wrapping his arms around them both. “Welcome to the team, Robocop!”Bucky looked up. “I don't know what that means.”“No worries, once we get back to the Tower, we can have a movie marathon with as much pizza as the state of New York can provide.”Bucky looked at Steve nervously, then at T’Challa.“You will always be welcome here, Sergeant Barnes. Indeed, if I did not allow you to visit, I think Shuri might commit some light treason.”Okoye cracked a smile at that.“Mr. Stark,” Peter asked. “Can I call my aunt? She's probably worried.”“Oh, shit, right,” Tony said, pulling a phone out of an interior pocket. “Here, kid.” He pulled his arm back. “Wait no, she'll be pissed and it's my fault. For once, responsibility wins the day. I'll be right back.”Tony walked a little away, the phone to his ear, Peter trailing after him.Bucky looked at Steve.“We don't have to go back to New York if you don't want too,” Steve said.“But New York is home.”“No, Buck. Wherever you are is home.”Bucky blushed, and Steve kissed him again.“Uh, Captain Rogers?” Someone interrupted. “Sorry to bother you, but if we could do something about that gauntlet on your hand….”Steve pulled away from Bucky just enough to look at the newcomer. “And you're?”“Dr. Stephen Strange, sorcerer supreme.”“I have no idea what that-”Steve was cut off by yet another group of people landing on the ground.“Steve, that lady is green,” Bucky said.“Yeah, she is,” Steve agreed, bewildered and one hundred percent too tired for this.“Gamora!” A man shouted, scrambling up and pulling the green lady - Gamora, presumably - up, placing his hands gently on her face and checking her over for injuries.“Peter...what?”“Oh, you're alive. Holy shit you're alive.”“I...I shouldn't be. How…?”“Captain Rogers here appears to have retroactively fixed everything,” Strange said.The group of them - green lady, the guy, some huge thing with grey skin and red burns, and some fuckin’ lady with antennae - looked up.The guy let out a squeal. “Captain America! Holy shit it’s Captain America!”Steve blushed, dropping his head to Bucky’s shoulder. “I could really go for that month of sleep you mentioned right about now,” he whispered, just for Bucky.“The pirate angel baby has lost his eyepatch!” The grey thing exclaimed in a loud voice, pointing at Thor, who had stood up, his arms still around Loki.“Oh,” Thor said. “Hi, guys.”Steve turned back to Strange. “What about the glove?”He hesitated. “Gauntlet. Give it to me, I need the Time Stone.”“Why?”“It's my responsibility to protect it.”“Yeah, and you did such a great job,” Bucky said, sarcastically.Strange’s expression soured. “It was the only way. This was the only possible future where we won.”Steve looked at Bucky, standing in his arms, safe. Steve closed his eyes, willing the Time Stone to fall. The green gem let out a  thump as it landed on the ground.“Thank you,” Strange said, picking it up and making some hand wavey movement until an amulet appeared around his neck.Steve and Bucky shared a look. “Nap,” Bucky mouthed. Steve smiled at him.“Can you take the rest of it off my hand?” Steve asked, an edge to his voice that only Bucky would recognize.Bucky groaned. “Stop. No. I did not survive the end of the world only to be beaten to death by your stupid puns.”Steve kissed Bucky's hair. He pulled off the glove, and handed it to Strange, who did another hand thing, and the glove disappeared from sight.“Where’s Nebula?” Gamora asked just then, breaking away from the group long enough to let out a general address.The raccoon winced. “Thought I was forgetting something.”“She's on Titan,” Space-Peter answered. “We can go get her right now.”Gamora smiled. “Let’s go.”“If you ever need to contact us, just tell Muscles over there,” Space-Peter said, jabbing a thumb in Thor’s direction. “His ship will be able to reach us.”The group of them began to walk away, Groot and the raccoon with them.“I think that raccoon wanted to steal my arm,” Bucky said, somewhere between bewildered and bemused.Space-Peter stopped. He gestured at his teammates for one minute, and ran back.“I couldn't leave earth and  not do this, I mean, c’mon. You're Captain fucking America.”Steve sighed. “Just going by Steve Rogers these days.”“I mean, still. Captain America.” He turns to Bucky. “And James Barnes! Holy shit! How are you alive!”“Long story, involving cryogenic freezing and brainwashing on my part,” Bucky answered. “And nose diving into ice as a suicide mission on his.”“Sick,” Space-Peter said. “Anyway, I gotta go. Gotta pick up my girlfriend’s crazy sister from some weird planet. Nice to meet you.” He looked Steve up and down again. “Captain America.”He jogged back to his teammates, and they got on their ship, which had parked itself in a nearby field.Tony chose that moment to walk back to the group, looking a little humble.“Wait, where are the space cadets going?”“No fucking idea,” Steve admitted. “He told me but I wasn't paying attention.”“Shame. Was almost starting to not-hate those guys.”“Come, friends,” T’Challa said. “Tonight, we celebrate our victory.”“He just needs to get back and tell his mother and girlfriend he’s okay,” Okoye stage whispered to Bucky. He laughed.“Now is Nakia?” Bucky asked, releasing one of his arms, but keeping the other around Steve's waist.Steve draped his arm over Bucky's shoulders.Shuri, thankfully, is safe. She's excited to see that Bucky’s arm was functional, and tried to drag him away to talk upgrades, but Bucky shifted himself closer to Steve's side and her mouth opened in an, “ohhhh,” of understanding.“It's about time you got your act together, Sergeant Barnes. Looking at all the memories of him in your head almost made  me in love with him.”Bucky rolled his eyes, blushing. Steve smiled, pulling him in for another kiss.Shuri walked away at T’Challa’s beckoning, wrapping her brother in a hug. Peter seemed to notice something nearby and goes, “woah!”Shuri turned to him, and they struck up a conversation about some science thing Steve didn't have the energy to follow along. He spotted a couch on the edge of the room.He pulled Bucky along with him, and let his legs give out, dropping down on the couch, taking Bucky down with him. Bucky laughed.“Don't you wanna shower? Change clothes? We're all gross.”“We've been grosser,” Steve countered, letting his head fall back against the couch and pulling Bucky close to his side. Bucky shifted his shoulder under Steve's, placing a hand on Steve's knee. He reached his other hand up to hold Steve's hand where it hung over Bucky's shoulder.“Fair enough. Quick nap now, food, wash up and change, then that sleep for a month thing we were talking about.”“You can sleep on the quinjet back to New York,” Tony said, flopping onto the couch on Steve's other side. “I called Pepper, she'd be more than happy to have you back. Kinda insisted I bring you to at least visit, actually.”Steve exhaled, half sigh, half laugh. “We good, Tony?”“Yeah, Cap,” Tony said. “I think we're good.”“We're still technically criminals,” Steve reminded him.“Not for much longer,” Tony said. “I've been digging into Ross. He's not a good dude, Steve. Think I found something bad enough to either make him resign or get kicked out. Then people’ll see how corrupt he was and how he just wanted control over us for his own grubby little hands, not to mention that you were the one actually saving people, while they were the ones blowing stuff up.”Steve smiled, opening his eyes. “Thank you, Tony.”“You deserve it, Cap. Now, I gotta go talk to this princess about her tech, because I'm a little in awe right now, and I'm too keyed up to sleep.”Steve lifted his free hand just enough to pat Tony’s knee. Tony stood, and walked to Shuri, easing himself into the conversation she was having with Peter.Wanda and Loki were standing in a corner, Vision standing behind Wanda, looking a bit like he was sleeping upright. Of course, Steve wasn't see if Vision needed sleep. Wanda and Loki were probably talking about magic stuff.Rhodey was talking to T’Challa, who was introducing him to Nakia.Sam, who had at some point devested himself of his wings, flopped down on the couch next to Steve. “Cap, I think we all need to take a vacation.”“Agreed,” Steve said.Sam nodded, yawned, said, “wake me up when it's time to eat,” and leaned against Steve’s free shoulder where he fell asleep in seconds.Okoye was standing with her back to the wall, eyes flicking occasionally to T’Challa, making sure he was safe. A man was standing with her, and they were talking quietly.Natasha walked up to the couch, sitting down against Steve's legs. “I called Clint. Apparently I interrupted his breakfast. The kids all say hi. Laura asked how you would feel about visiting soon. Apparently they weren't even aware of the whole world-ending thing.”Steve smiled. “Life goes on.”Natasha nodded. She stood, hunched slightly, tired. She grabbed one of the end pillows, placed it on Bucky's metal arm, and put her head on it. She wrapped her hands around his arm.“He kept me safe, you know,” she admitted quietly to Steve as Bucky slept between them. “In the Red Room. He kept us safe. I'm sure he let us beat him once or twice, just to show the handlers that we were making progress to make sure that they didn't throw us out of the program. I think he remembered things, even then. He called me ‘Becca’ once. He had an open spot on his left side, like he was used to someone being there.”Steve smiled, turning his head to nestle his nose in Bucky's sweaty hair.“I'm glad that we're all okay, Steve,” Natasha continued. “You're one of the most important people in my life. You respect me, and you trust me. And you're making me start to believe I deserve it.”“You heard Bucky,” Steve said, yawning a little. “I'm too damn stubborn for my own good.”Natasha exhaled through her nose, a bit of a laugh. “I'm glad you have him, Steve. You deserve to be happy. Although you could have told me I should have been recommending men.”“You could have been recommending either, honestly.”“Both?” She asked.“Yep,” Steve replied, and that was the end of that conversation.“Go to sleep, Steve. We’ll all be here when you wake up.”And everyone was.(Waking up to the knowledge that a picture of everyone collapsed on and around the couch, tweeted by Shuri, caption ‘#earthssleepiestheroes’ was trending on Twitter was unexpected, but not, necessarily, unwelcome.)



Afterword


End Notes
I'd be 10000% willing to turn this into a series if there was interest because I want my babies to have a soft adventures(EDIT: this is a series now, pls recommend titles for the series)"I could eat the world raw" is from song of achillies and "if you can breathe you can stand" is from an app game called "choices" by pixelberry (the royal romance book three)Shoutout to anyone who can find the lord of the rings referencecome visit me on tumblr at kittycombswriting (how do you insert a link??)


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



