



As Long As The Stars Are - suzvoy - Chen Qing Ling The
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

As Long As The Stars Are Above Us
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/21708748.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
陈情令 | The Untamed (TV), 魔道祖师 - 墨香铜臭 | Módào Zǔshī - Mòxiāng Tóngxiù
Relationship:
Lán Zhàn | Lán Wàngjī/Wèi Yīng | Wèi Wúxiàn
Character:
Wèi Yīng | Wèi Wúxiàn, Lán Zhàn | Lán Wàngjī, Lán Yuàn | Lán Sīzhuī, Jiāng Chéng | Jiāng Wǎnyín, Jīn Líng | Jīn Rúlán, Wēn Níng | Wēn Qiónglín, Lán Huàn | Lán Xīchén
Additional Tags:
Fluff, Romantic Fluff, Tooth-Rotting Fluff, SO MUCH FLUFF, Fluff and Angst, Alternate Universe - Canon, Lan Zhan uses his words, Communication, Yunmeng Bros
Series:
Part 6 of
At Your Side
Stats:

        Published: 2019-12-07
        Words: 5537
      

As Long As The Stars Are Above Us
by suzvoy
Summary
The day of their wedding finally arrives.
Notes
Okay, so their wedding - and everything around it - is a mix of traditional Chinese, Western and Lan clan bullshittery ;D ;D ;D Honestly, I just went with what felt right for the characters - I genuinely can't see them going full Chinese traditional for any part of it (or as much as possible with two guys :P).Also? If you somehow felt like the sap had ever gone away? It's back in a BIG way.Feedback would be great :) Thank you!



As Long As The Stars Are Above Us

Though their wedding was sure to be the least impressive wedding ever seen in the clan world, nonetheless, the day before it was due all other activities were cancelled in Cloud Recesses.There were no other meetings, no lessons or teachings – certainly no archery. Every activity that did occur focused only on preparations for the wedding.And Wei Wuxian was not allowed to attend to any of it. Which was ludicrous, of course – it was his wedding! But whenever he asked some disciple in the middle of some activity – preparing decorations or food mostly, though there did seem to be a lot of seating being moved around – he was told in no uncertain terms that neither he or Lan Zhan were allowed to take part.Instructions that had apparently come directly from A-Yuan himself.Clearly, he would need to have words with his...almost-son. A-Yuan could not expect him to go all day doing nothing – it would only end in disaster for all involved.It took some searching, as no one he asked ever seemed to know where A-Yuan was (he suspected a conspiracy) but find him he did eventually, standing on a grassy ledge, overseeing the area where they were to be wed tomorrow.It was a beautiful location – one both he and Lan Zhan had suggested and agreed on quickly. Next to water but near the rabbits, the ground littered with a healthy covering of grass...it seemed simple and perfect.“A-Yuan,” he called as he approached, “finally!”Turning to face him with a warm smile, A-Yuan nodded in greeting. “Master Wei.”“A-Yuan, I beg of you,” Wei Wuxian clasped his hands together in front of him, wearing what Lan Zhan had once referred to, without a hint of contempt, as his 'deliberately manipulative pleading face' (he loved that his Future Husband appreciated him for the fiend he clearly was). “Give me some activity. Any activity.”A-Yuan, shameless as he was, didn't even pretend to think about it. “Spend time with Father,” he encouraged, then looked down at a piece of paper a harried-looking disciple thrust into his hands. Reading the contents, A-Yuan nodded before handing it back at the same moment as he said, “Five more.”Nodding his understanding, the disciple bowed and scurried away.Turning back to face him, A-Yuan smiled again. “Master Wei, I have it well in-hand,” he assured him, as if that were not astoundingly obvious. “It is not a complicated wedding. Zewu Jun was happy for me to take over and I already have the help of all the disciples, not to mention...” A-Yuan gestured to the clearing below where – among others – Wei Wuxian could see Wen Ning, Jin Ling and Lan Jingyi hard at work. Wen Ning was currently carrying and placing tables for the celebration afterwards, while the others mostly seemed to be gathering fallen leaves.There was no denying the warmth he felt inside, at the sight of so many people he cared about working together to make his wedding so special.That didn't stop him, of course. “Lan Jingyi?” he complained, throwing an arm out in his general direction. “I am not permitted to assist with my own wedding preparations but you allow Lan Jingyi?”From the face he made, A-Yuan clearly knew Wei Wuxian was being ridiculous on purpose. “That is the truth of it, yes,” he said bluntly, but it was clearly a show of his own humour. After a moment, his voice softened. “Let me do this, Master Wei. This is something I can give back to you. Both of you.”His own face relaxing at the honesty in those words, Wei Wuxian spoke. “A-Yuan, you owe your father and myself nothing.”“I know that's the way you see it,” A-Yuan acknowledged, “and while truthfully I do feel like I owe both of you much, that is not why I'm doing this.” When Wei Wuxian frowned at him curiously, he continued. “Though it took some time, I've recovered more memories from the many months we lived in the Burial Mounds. And even in those that are not clear...” His eyes had gone distant as he remembered, but now their attention returned, focusing on Wei Wuxian. “What I do remember is a man who never talked down to me, who spoke to me the same way as anyone else. A man who taught me. A man who played with me,” he grinned at the memory, then, as the two of them looked at each other with tears in their eyes, “and a man who loved me.”“A-Yuan,” Wei Wuxian whispered, his heart full.But A-Yuan wasn't done. “And then there was another man who loved me,” he continued. “Growing up, my Father did tell me he loved me, he always made sure that I knew. But it was difficult for him, at first.” That certainly made sense, given Lan Zhan's background. Wei Wuxian still found it remarkable, even today, just how much he had grown. “I learned to see his love in his actions, the things he would do for me. And even after he could say those words comfortably, frequently...I could still see his love for me, every day. That it what I learned from him,” he said finally, “and today is how I show it to you.”Wei Wuxian couldn't have stopped himself from hugging A-Yuan then if he'd tried – and he certainly didn't try at all. A-Yuan met his hug fiercely as Wei Wuxian held on tight, so very proud of this incredible young man.“A-Yuan,” he chuckled wetly through his tears, still hugging him, “I did not think it was possible to love you and your father more than I already did. Today you have proven me wrong.”“I'm so glad,” A-Yuan's emotional voice told him, “so glad that you have finally found your happiness with each other.”The hugging – and crying – went on for a while longer, but eventually A-Yuan reluctantly urged Wei Wuxian on his way, so he could continue with his work.As he had done for so few others, Wei Wuxian relented.His mood high after that encounter, he decided to follow A-Yuan's advice and search out his Future Husband. He found Jiang Cheng instead, approaching his brother as they crossed the courtyard from opposite directions. Needing to put this mood to good use, he smirked.“Jiang Cheng!” he called out, flagging his brother down even though they could plainly see each other. “A-Yuan will not let me have any control over my own wedding. He is so mean and heartless!”Pausing next to him, Jiang Cheng fixed him with a judgemental stare. “A family member not listening to you? Now you know what it's like.” They both made faces at each other before he continued. “In any case, you are to marry tomorrow and this is what you're spending your time doing? Shouldn't you be fretting somewhere about everything running perfectly?”In all honesty, he didn't feel the slightest bit nervous. “I'm not nervous at all,” he shrugged. “I'm just looking for something to do.”“Well...go and see Second Young Master Lan or something, then.” Jiang Cheng had clearly had enough. “It's not like the two of you haven't already ignored enough traditions. I'm busy.”Interesting... “Doing what?”“I have also been put to work,” he announced, unimpressed but clearly doing as he'd been told anyway.Wei Wuxian's mouth dropped open as his brother marched away – the image was such a good one! His brother – Jiang Cheng, Clan Leader Jiang, Sandu Shengshou, famous for his bad temper – being ordered about by innocent-looking A-Yuan. And he was doing it!“Today is a good day,” he told the sky, then continued his search for Lan Zhan.Wei Wuxian looked everywhere he could think of, but in the end – perhaps predictably – only found him when almost ready to give up and had returned to the jingshi.Lan Zhan was resting on a cushion in the middle of the room, meditating. Smiling at the sight of him, Wei Wuxian soon grabbed his own cushion and settled in next to him. He was quite proud of himself, really, managing to hold his pose for several minutes without losing interest, when Lan Zhan spoke.“Sizhui would not allow you to help?”Opening his eyes, Wei Wuxian studied Lan Zhan only to see that he hadn't moved at all, still sitting perfectly still with his back straight.“No,” he complained.“He would not permit me to, either.”Wei Wuxian made a face. “Our son is very strong-willed, Lan Zhan.”Lan Zhan made a noise that, from anyone else, would have been a laugh. “This surprises you?”Well, given who his father's were... “Not particularly,” he shrugged. “Just an observation.” Sighing, he closed his eyes, resuming his pose. What Jiang Cheng said before played on his mind, however, and he spoke again. “Are you nervous?”“No,” Lan Zhan replied instantly. “Are you?”“No,” he said truthfully. “Jiang Cheng said...” Wei Wuxian shook his head. “Anyway, it doesn't matter.” Trying to actually meditate, this time, he jumped slightly in surprise when he felt one of Lan Zhan's hands touch one of his.Smiling, keeping his eyes closed, he turned his hand over until they could link fingers. “Is meditating while holding hands a recommended Lan clan technique?”“I don't see why not,” Lan Zhan said easily, and then they both fell into silence.An unidentified amount of time later – meditating with Lan Zhan might actually have been helping – they were interrupted when someone entered the jingshi.Both opening their eyes, they watched as the disciple bowed before them. “Hanguang Jun, Master Wei. Apologies for the interruption but your guests have arrived.”Grinning instantly, Wei Wuxian freed his hand and jumped to his feet. “Please, take us to them immediately.” Turning back to Lan Zhan, he smiled and held out an unnecessary hand.Lan Zhan took it anyway.Wei Wuxian fairly skipped as they crossed Cloud Recesses, thrilled that the only guests they'd personally invited had been able to make it. Neither he or Lan Zhan had many friends – or any, really, though he'd considered Nie Huaisang to be a friend, once.And though their guests today weren't friends in a traditional sense, they were truly the only people that both of them had thought to invite.Their guests had been taken inside the traditional waiting area and when he realised exactly where they were, he rushed inside, startling them – though Mianmian didn't seem to mind, smiling as she saw him.“Young Master Wei,” she greeted, as she and her husband bowed together.“Lady Luo,” he greeted happily, thoroughly resisting his first instinct to use her other name. “Sir,” he continued, addressing her husband.Lan Zhan arrived, then, and he waited while they went through all the greetings again.There was, however, a surprise at the end.“Mianmian,” Lady Luo said quietly, urging her daughter forward. Looking up at her parents, little Mianmian waited until they nodded reassuringly, before turning back to face Wei Wuxian and Lan Zhan, and bowed in greeting.She'd obviously been painstakingly tutored by her parents, as the bow had perfect form. It was, perhaps, the most adorable thing Wei Wuxian had ever seen – and he'd known A-Yuan as a child.Wei Wuxian was not the only one to be charmed.“Luo Mianmian,” Lan Zhan greeted warmly, bowing to her seriously, “it is a pleasure to be in your presence again. As it is yours,” he added, facing her parents. “It pleases me greatly that you could be here.”“Oh, indeed,” Wei Wuxian concurred. “The two of us couldn't be happier that you came to our wedding. Thank you for travelling all this way.”“We were honoured to be invited,” Mianmian's husband insisted.“Truthfully,” Mianmian said honestly, “had the invitation come from anyone else I would not have attended. I have not cared for clan society in many years. But then,” she smiled, looking from Wei Wuxian to Lan Zhan, “I feel that is something we always had in common.”Mianmian was a woman who knew what she was talking about.Lan Zhan had long since told him of the way Mianmian had stood up for him at Koi Tower, in front of all the other clans. Of her bravery and righteousness when she could no longer stand their hypocrisy and seceded from her clan.Of his own guilt and shame at not being ready to do the same.Wei Wuxian had disavowed him of that belief as thoroughly as he could – Mianmian had not spent her entire life growing up in the Lan clan, with 3500 rules drilled into her head on a daily basis. He truly felt no insult that Lan Zhan had not be able to make the same sacrifice at the time.Regardless, Mianmian had proven her strength of character – and again, when they'd run into her not long ago. She was, without question, the only non-family member they could have possibly invited to their wedding.“On that we are most definitely agreed,” Wei Wuxian told her. “Now, I know for a fact that you travelled quite some distance to be here.”“Indeed,” Lan Zhan continued. “Please,” he lifted an arm towards the exit, “follow this way and we will show you to your lodgings and refreshments.”Smiling, Mianmian nodded and agreed readily.*They spent at least the next few hours in the Luo family's company, despite their concerns that they were stealing important time from them the day before their wedding. Wei Wuxian explained – not a little smugly – that their son was dealing with everything, and they had the time.They heard more of Mianmian's life since leaving Jin clan, how she met her husband and how they started a life together. Their lives seemed so entirely normal it was frankly refreshing.Eventually, however, they did have to leave and departed with friendly bows to prepare for that evening's event. Well, it wasn't an 'event' in a traditional sense – there would be no great celebration. But there was to be a meal for family only and A-Yuan and Lan Xichen had gone to some trouble so Wei Wuxian intended to be there on time.As with every part of their wedding it was to be a relaxed atmosphere, so when it was time Wei Wuxian simply made sure that he was well presented, took his Future Husband's hand, and set off.They'd taken over one of the larger teaching rooms and instead of many small tables there were several larger ones in the middle of the room. As they stepped inside Wei Wuxian could see other changes, too – it was more well-lit than usual, with more candles placed around the room and the occasional decoration.How Lan Qiren felt about all this Wei Wuxian truly had no idea. He could only imagine he hated every single second of it, but since this morning he had been largely absent and this moment was no different. Wei Wuxian had little doubt he was stroking his beard somewhere, muttering about the downfall of the Lan clan.They were the last to arrive, with everyone else already present turning to greet them. The greetings took a while, of course, but then A-Yuan ushered them to the main table to sit, so their food could be served.Conversation started up quietly as they waited, and Wei Wuxian smiled as he looked around, taking in the sight of all these people he cared about so much, all sitting in one room together. His family, Lan Zhan's family, Wen Ning – who was as good as family, as far as Wei Wuxian was concerned. In fact, there was only one person missing - the person he had only recently been thinking of.“Lan Xichen,” he found himself asking, drawing his attention, “is your uncle not attending?”A slight wrinkle appeared on Lan Xichen's forehead. “I'm afraid not. When I made it clear to my uncle that there would be alcohol present and that – as I am Clan Leader and he is not – he could do nothing about it, he declined to attend. He does, however, still plan to attend the wedding tomorrow.”Well. While it was certainly no great loss to Wei Wuxian personally, he did regret the choice for Lan Zhan and Lan Xichen – especially Lan Zhan, who looked away to hide his hurt.“I'm sorry if the decision caused any tension between you,” Wei Wuxian addressed Lan Xichen, as he placed a comforting hand on Lan Zhan's leg.“There is nothing to apologise for,” Lan Xichen informed him. “We discussed the matter as adults and we all agreed. It was not your decision alone.” He was right, technically – there had been a discussion about alcohol, and they'd decided to allow it. Though the intention was to use it mostly only for toasts, Lan Xichen didn't mind if they drank more as long as no one got too out of control. Wei Wuxian had no problem with that at all – even he didn't want to get drunk on the eve of his wedding.There were to be no separate courses during the meal, so once their food was served, their dishes were full and their cups no longer dry, Lan Xichen stood, lifting his cup and addressing the room.“Friends,” he said warmly, “and soon to be family.” He nodded at Wei Wuxian, and the table where Jiang Cheng and Jin Ling sat. “Enjoy this meal and companionship, as we celebrate all that Wangji and Young Master Wei were before, all that they are, and all that they are about to become. To family,” he announced, raising his cup to his mouth to empty it.“To family!” everyone around the room echoed, joining in the toast and emptying their own cups.The sound of spluttering caused all to turn and stare at Wen Ning.“Wen Ning?” Wei Wuxian asked, agape, taking in the reaction. “Don't tell me you've never drunk before.”“I-” Wen Ning coughed again, before attempting another sentence. “Of course I have, Master Wei,” he nodded awkwardly, probably not appreciating all the attention. “Just...not for a very long time,” he admitted.That made an alarming amount of sense and as everyone silently looked around at each other and registered exactly why, it was – surprisingly – Jiang Cheng who spoke next. “Not something you'll have to worry about much longer, Wen Ning,” he said, making the man in question stare at him with wide eyes. “Spend any length of time with my brother and soon you'll be a drunkard just like him.”Delighted that his brother was trying, Wei Wuxian nonetheless had to defend his honour. “I am hardly a drunkard,” he complained, “I just happen to appreciate a well-made wine.”Jiang Cheng snorted. “You'd appreciate rain water from a puddle if it had liquor in it.”“You-!”“Wei Ying,” Lan Zhan interrupted, “you should eat your food before it gets cold.” Glaring at his brother – who was smirking happily – and then at Lan Zhan, for betraying him, he huffed and reached for his food.“Besides,” Lan Zhan continued, “your brother is right.”Laughter broke out across the room – some of it loud, some of it not – as Wei Wuxian slammed his chopsticks back down on the table. “My own future husband,” he hissed, folding his arms across his chest in mock dismay, “conspiring against me.”“It is a vast conspiracy indeed,” Lan Zhan agreed, unable to hide just how pleased he was with himself.It was all-too-adorable, and Wei Wuxian couldn't keep up even his fake disappointment for long. “You are lucky I love you,” he told him firmly, uncrossing his arms.“Yes,” Lan Zhan said as he smiled gently back, “I am.”Jiang Cheng muttered that they were 'sickening'.Wei Wuxian lobbed his chopsticks at him.Lan Xichen, technically host for the evening – and a much better man than either one of them – ignored all of this and drew A-Yuan, Jin Ling and Wen Ning into a conversation about night hunting.*Some two hours later, their meals were long eaten and their empty dishes cleaned away. Those that did drink recreationally had shared a few more cups, just enough to be a little merry and the atmosphere was a relaxed and happy one.Surrounded by all the people he loved, Wei Wuxian didn't think he'd ever been happier.“Still can't believe you're spending the night before the marriage together,” Jiang Cheng announced, shaking his head.Neither he or Lan Zhan were particularly traditional when it came to this – or most of the wedding, if he were honest. “After waking tomorrow, we will not see each other until the ceremony,” he offered, their only concession. “Besides,” he smirked, “it's not as if we have any virtue left to protect.” Taking in the range of facial expressions around him – everything from barely-hidden amusement to disgust – he cackled and continued. “We have de-spoiled each other in ways you can only-”“Enough!” Jiang Cheng pleaded.“My hearing will never recover,” Jin Ling complained, holding his head in his hands.Wen Ning looked as startled as he did by everything, Lan Xichen shook his head as if he disapproved but his smile said otherwise and Lan Zhan...Lan Zhan's ears were bright red but he denied none of it at all.A-Yuan, for his part, addressed him far-too-innocently. “So you found those books you told me of to be very instructive then, Master Wei?”Unfortunately for Wei Wuxian, he had just taken another sip of wine.*The next morning, they were very unfairly woken by a very loud knocking on the jingshi doors. Wei Wuxian had no hangover – he had not drunk to excess the night before – but neither he or Lan Zhan had been able to sleep well upon their return, their excitement for the next day overwhelming both of them.The knocking continued.“Go away!” Wei Wuxian yelled, then turned to snuggle up closer to Lan Zhan – who seemed agreeable, pressing his lips to the top of Wei Wuxian's head.Unfortunately it did not go away, as a moment later they heard the sound of the jingshi doors opening and Jiang Cheng appeared next to their bed.“Wei Wuxian,” he said fearfully, “please tell me you are not naked under those bed clothes.”They weren't, but he wasn't about to tell his brother that. “Lift the covers and see for yourself.”“Wei Ying,” Lan Zhan rebuked, throwing back the covers to reveal their night clothes, finally bowing to the inevitable himself.Looking extremely relieved, Jiang Chang addressed him. “Second Young Master Lan, your brother awaits you in his room.”This was all as planned, of course – Lan Xichen and A-Yuan would be assisting Lan Zhan, while Jiang Cheng and Jin Ling would be assisting him.“Wait!” Wei Wuxian exclaimed, as Lan Zhan stood to move away. When he turned back to face him, Wei Wuxian reached up to shamelessly grab him by the clothes, pulling him in close. “I'll miss you, Almost Husband.”Lan Zhan smiled with as much of a grin as Wei Wuxian had ever seen. “And I you, Almost Husband.”Jiang Cheng scoffed. “You'll be seeing each other in three hours,” he lamented, as if their fond farewell was completely unnecessary or something else equally ridiculous. “Go, let's go,” Jiang Cheng muttered as he hustled Lan Zhan out of the room, where Jin Ling was ready and waiting with footwear and a robe for propriety's sake.“Well,” Jiang Cheng announced as he came back to his brother's side, hands on his hips. “You need a bath. And then we'll see if we can do something with that hair of yours.”*All had been done, all had been attended to. His hair had been readied – little different than usual, though he was wearing a slightly more extravagant head piece of his own. His robes had been carefully put on (Jiang Cheng had stared for a while and then gruffly told him that he looked, “Passable.”). Jiang Cheng and Jin Ling had changed into their own outfits for the wedding.And now, all there was to do was wait.They'd purposefully chosen a time early in the day, as neither one of them saw any point in delaying the wedding any longer than necessary. Even so, the wait itself felt longer than all the time that had passed thus far in both of Wei Wuxian's lifetimes.It was interminable.“Nervous yet, Uncle?” Jin Ling asked, who'd been pacing back and forth himself for a good ten minutes now.“Not at all,” he replied honestly. Excited, definitely. But nervous? Not for a second. If he had to describe the way he felt right now, it would be...certain.But also impatient, because how wasn't it time yet?As if to answer his prayers, Lan Jingyi suddenly flung himself into the room, only remembering at the last second to bow. “Master Wei,” he said breathlessly, “it's time.”Finally. Wei Wuxian took his brother's hand, Jin Ling following behind, and left to meet his soulmate. As they descended the few stairs from the jingshi he saw Mianmian and her family waiting outside. He tried to wave as he passed but Jiang Chang slapped his arm back down so he gave up with a grumble, knowing that Mianmian and her family would fall into step behind them.It did not take long to reach the courtyard and it was there, in the place where he'd really got to speak to his soulmate for the first time, that he saw Lan Zhan in his wedding robes.He was beautiful, of course. Red was a colour he'd never seen Lan Zhan wear before but of course he looked like he'd been born to wear it, as he did with everything. He wore his headband once more and Wei Wuxian was surprised to realise just how much he had missed seeing it there.As they walked towards each other Wei Wuxian was vaguely aware that Lan Zhan's family and the disciples followed behind him, that he had taken his own brother's hand, but all he could really see was his Lan Zhan, his soulmate, his Almost Husband.They paused a few feet away from each other. It felt like miles.“Almost Husband,” Wei Wuxian grinned.“Almost Husband,” Lan Zhan smiled back.If he kept smiling this way, his face would never stop hurting. “You look so handsome.”The tips of Lan Zhan's ears flushed. “Red has always suited you.”Their brothers gave them a moment to take it all in – later, when he could think clearly, he'd think how uncharacteristically kind that was of Jiang Cheng – and then Jiang Cheng and Lan Xichen stepped forward, releasing their hold on their brothers' and placing Wei Wuxian's and Lan Zhan's hands together instead.Wei Wuxian had never wanted to hold Lan Zhan's hand more in his entire life, but managed to keep his hand carefully balanced on top. There would be time later. For that, and so much more.“Shall we?” Lan Xichen asked, gesturing to one side with a smile.Sharing a proud nod, Wei Wuxian and Lan Zhan carefully led the way to their wedding site, everyone following behind them.It took Wei Wuxian longer to reach than it usually did, what with the unusually dignified speed he had to walk at but, eventually, it came into view.Wei Wuxian's breath caught. The view had always been stunning, but with A-Yuan's handiwork...it was even more so. It was simple – as they'd requested – but just right.The Lan clan did not believe in destroying anything from nature without good cause, so instead of flower petals, a path had been created from the fallen leaves he'd seen them picking up the previous day. A path that led right up to the spot they'd chosen, where two cushions had already been placed on the grass for them to kneel on.The trees around the clearing had been decorated with fabrics in the colours of both the Lan and Jiang clans, and wind chimes hung from their branches. Not so many as to be annoying or a distraction, but just enough to add to the atmosphere. Their son had judged it very well indeed.The tables were set up to one side for the rest to sit at after, decorated mostly in white, with some blue and purple here and there. There was to be no formal wedding banquet in the following days – neither one of them were interested in that level of ceremony, and their families already knew how they felt about them – but their guests would at least be well-fed today.Around it all the bunnies frolicked freely – and in fact, some of them had already made themselves home on their cushions.He wanted to turn to A-Yuan then and there, hug him, thank him – but that would have to be later. Now, now was just for him and Lan Zhan alone.Without a word, family and friends alike remained up on the ledge, as Wei Wuxian and Lan Zhan started their journey down the path of leaves. Wei Wuxian smiled at the crunch of the leaves beneath his feet, the sun shining down from the morning sky, and the weight of Lan Zhan's hand beneath his own.They were going to be married, soon.As they reached the cushions, it became clear the bunnies had no intention of moving.Lan Zhan addressed them. “Please leave,” he said politely and the bunnies just – moved. Immediately.“So good with animals,” Wei Wuxian teased as they finally released hands and knelt across from each other.The water trickled pleasantly besides them, the wind chimes played gently in the breeze and he was smiling across at the man he loved, about to pledge his love to him forever.His eyes watered. “Almost Husband.”Lan Zhan's eyes looked equally as emotional. “Almost Husband.”Wei Wuxian nodded. “I am ready.”He nodded back. “As am I.”He'd never felt so absolutely ready for anything in his life as he did for this. “Lan Zhan-”“Wei Ying-”They both stopped and grinned when they realised they'd both spoken right over each other.“Sorry,” Wei Wuxian laughed.“There is nothing to apologise for,” Lan Zhan told him. “It pleases me that we are both so eager to wed.”Taking the point – and sharing it – he nonetheless insisted. “You first.” Their vows had already been prepared, they mostly knew what they were going to say, but it was an emotional moment nonetheless.Doing as asked, Lan Zhan began to speak. “Wei Ying,” he spoke, staring into Wei Wuxian's eyes, “my best friend. Soulmate. It seems I have loved you almost as long as I have known you. And though our journey here was full of strife, it only proved to me just how deep my feelings for you run. Thank you for challenging me, for helping me see that there is always another way. You gave me a son, and a life worth living. As long as the sea is bound to wash up on the sand, and the stars are above us...I will love you.” Tears were quietly running down his face. “As husbands, and Cultivation Partners. At your side, always.”Wei Wuxian honestly didn't know how he was supposed to get through this without crying over everything, but his need to say his own words superseded everything. “Lan Zhan,” he began, voice catching for a moment. Swallowing, trying to talk past his own tears, he tried again. “Thank you, for your constant and unwavering devotion. For your love. Your humour. Our son,” he grinned. “Thank you for always looking out for me even when I wouldn't look out for myself, even when I did everything to push you away. You are my match. My best friend. And the soulmate of both my lifetimes.” He sniffed, though it did little good at his point. “As long as the sea is bound to wash up on the sand, and the stars are above us...I will love you. As husbands, and Cultivation Partners.” He meant the words with everything inside him. “At your side, always.”Sharing a look they nodded, then carefully bowed to each other three times. One to worship the heavens, one to worship their parents – and finally, one to worship each other. After the third bow, both grinning a little stupidly, Lan Zhan then reached up to retrieve his headband. Much as he had in Cold Pond Cave, all those years ago, he attached it around Wei Wuxian's wrist and then his own.And it was done. They were married. Married!“Husband,” Wei Wuxian greeted giddily.Lan Zhan honestly looked just as besotted. “Husband.”Yelling in joy, Wei Wuxian then launched himself at his husband, knocking him over until they were rolling into the grass, spooking animals as they went, both of them uncaring of bunnies or grass stains or anything else but the sheer, unending joy rolling through both of them.Under the bright morning sky, Wei Wuxian lay in the grass and, pressing quick kisses all over Lan Zhan's face, heard his husband's unfettered laughter for the very first time.



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



