



Backyard Pool - charlottesometimes - Marvel Cinematic
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Backyard Pool
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/17306234.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
Marvel Cinematic Universe, The Avengers (Marvel Movies), Captain America (Movies)
Relationship:
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Character:
James "Bucky" Barnes, Steve Rogers, Bruce Banner, Natasha Romanov (Marvel)
Additional Tags:
Disabled Character, Wheelchairs, Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism, Drug Abuse, Stalking, really really mild stalking and they're on his property anyway, Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks, though it's AU shrinkyclinks, Alternate Universe - Modern Setting, Vomiting, Suicidal Thoughts, Social Anxiety, Slow Burn, Pining Steve Rogers, Hurt/Comfort, Stucky - Freeform, Alcohol Withdrawal, Fluff and Angst, Caretaking, Lack of Communication, I'm really excited that's already a tag, Relapse, Drug Dealing, Mild Sexual Content, Drunk Sex, Sort Of, Consent Issues, mostly off-screen, disability slurs, Addiction recovery, Families of Choice, i've been told this fic actually gets pretty serious so I'll tag that
Collections:
Bucky and Steve The Best and Biggest
Stats:

        Published: 2019-01-05
          Completed: 2019-01-14
          Chapters: 12/12
        Words: 59662
      

Backyard Pool
by charlottesometimes
Summary
Steve is disabled, and lives as a shut-in by choice. As long as he's in his perfectly handicapped-accessible house, he doesn't need any kind of help from anybody. Bucky is a college kid with a past he doesn't like to remember, and he's the life of just about any party: Comes early and stays late. Going to class, though? There's really not time for that. When Bucky realizes that the lushly landscaped, heated backyard pool abutting his college university's campus is never used, and seems to be attached to an empty house, he starts throwing parties there. But … it's Steve's pool. And Steve catches them at it from the beginning. He doesn't say anything. He doesn't mind. Watching their antics through a crack in the curtains is the most human contact Steve might ever be likely to have.
Notes
A disclaimer. Steve, in this fic, is in a wheelchair due to paralysis of his lower body. He chooses to become a shut-in who doesn't see people because he can't handle the prospect of being helpless in public, or of people offering to help him because he can't walk, or of people pitying him. That's the way HE is. That's the character of this Steve Rogers in my fic. It has more to do with how stubborn and prideful he is, than with his being confined to a wheel chair. His disability isn't his problem; he could have made very different choices despite his disability. His problem is his outsized pride, and maybe a little bit his problem is that he's RIGHT that if he went out in public, he might get pity and ignorance slung his way. What I'm trying to say is, I don't think that Steve reacts to his disability in a normal way in this fic. I'm not trying to say that people who can't walk should or do tend to become shut ins. Let me know if I have still managed to be offensive. I don't want to be.




Chapter 1



Sometimes at night, laying in the huge, soft bed that he'd got for himself as a birthday present not long after he inherited his parent's house, Steve Rogers would hear a strange sound outside—rustling grass or a thump—and a part of him would hope he had a home invader or a movie monster on his property or in his house. Because then he wouldn't be alone, at least for a minute. If they wanted his TV, his computers, his game consoles, they could have 'em. It would just be nice to get a reminder that he wasn't the only person left on the planet. He did his best to ignore the twitch of hope, and to focus on the much more reasonable fight or flight response that came with the night noises. Then he would reach out one thin arm and rest a hand on the little gun he kept on the edge of his nightstand. But the twitch of hope still came, and it came the night he heard the distinct, unmistakable sound of voices and shuffling from his backyard. Steve stopped breathing. He reached for the gun. He might be an invalid, confined to a wheel chair, unable to function on his own unless he was inside his completely handicapped-accessible home. But that didn't mean he would let anybody hurt him, if it came to that. He was a good shot if he had time to set himself up for it. “I swear to you,” one of the voices, a young man, said on a laugh Steve could just barely hear through the wall between him and the yard. The voice said something else, but Steve couldn't make out the words. What he could make out is that there was the sound of footsteps, and then a thump, and another thump, accompanied by a lilting squeal that dissolved into giggles. “I can't believe we're doing this, Barnes,” another male voice came. “You have the best worst ideas,” a female added. Then, there was a splash, and several of the voices laughed. … Well, thought Steve. Someone's sneaking into my backyard pool. Do you call 911 on something like that? It's not like they were going to steal the pool, even if it was heated and well-lit and lushly landscaped and so inviting (and Steve couldn't use it himself, no matter how much he wished he could). And Steve couldn't imagine even the most meth-addled burglar wanting to abscond with his patio furniture; his parents bought it, when he was a toddler, and it hadn't exactly stood the test of time. Another splash, another squeal, and a whoop. “Shut the fuck up, you guys,” says the second male voice. “We're damn sure about to find out if anybody really lives here, if you keep fucking screaming.” “Ssssorrrryyyy,” the first male voice returned in a stage-whisper. “But I told you nobody does.” "You should really get in, Bruce," the female voice said. "I think it's heated."A yelp cut off with a *plllft* told Steve the girl had dunked the guy who'd gotten into the water.The youthfulness of their banter struck Steve in his center. He found himself smiling to the sound of the group's apparent intrepid leader, the guy in he pool, spluttering up for air with a shout that might have been, "Darcey fucking Lewis!"More splashing.Okay. Steve couldn't take it anymore. He had to see what was going on in his backyard. … To assess their threat-level. To determine his most reasonable course of action. The chair didn't squeak too badly as he hoisted himself up and into it using the handle bars mounted on the wall by the bed in a practiced movement. The thick carpet of the bedroom kept his wheels from making a sound as he maneuvered himself in front of the window that looked out on the backyard.He leaned forward and cracked the curtains just barely apart, and peered out.A young man in his boxer briefs perched smiling on the lip of Steve's never-used but well-maintained pool, grinning down at a swimming brunette woman in a red bikini. A taller man hesitated a few feet back from the water, stealing occasional glances at the house. He wore the gray sweat pants embossed with the words "Trinity University" worn daily by so many of the students who attended the private school that Steve's backyard directly abutted (his mother had been a biology professor there, right up until the end).Both men held red plastic cups, and a blue plastic cup with several crazy straws poking from the rim sat poolside. As Steve watched, the woman leaned up, took a pull from one of the straws, and launched into a backstroke across the water.The guy with his feet in the pool--the apparent group leader, and a pretty good-looking kid, even if he was more than halfway to being as skinny as Steve was himself--upended his cup into his mouth and smacked his lips."Damn," he said. He picked up the blue cup, the woman's. "Gonna need a refill.""No," the woman squeaked, and lunged for her drink, just as the hesitant man said, "Jesus, Bucky, we put like five shots each in these."The guy, "Bucky," glared at the woman and set her drink down unmolested. "Well if it's too much for you then gimme," he said to the other man.Shaking his head, the second man moved through the various palms and flora that surrounded the pool, giving it a grotto-like feel, to sit beside Bucky with his feet in the water, and handed over his drink. "I guess if nobody's come to tell us off by now, no one really is home," he said. "And it's--" he looked at his wrist--"3:37 am. Maybe really nobody does live here.""Think of it," Bucky said. He leaned back, propped up on one arm, taking gulps from the other man's drink. His words were slightly slurred. "We could throw a little private party here. Invite the cutest guys and chicks. Let them know we have access to a private swimming pool. We can start a secret club! A pool club. Everybody wants to be in secret clubs. They have cache."Steve had to cover his mouth to keep from laughing. They made a charming trio. And they seemed harmless enough. It was probably way too harsh to call the cops on them, and it's not like Steve could confront them himself; that would mean showing himself, and he'd gotten way too used to never having to do that. The only person who ever actually saw him these days was the weekly grocery delivery guy, and that was emotionally taxing enough. So what was he supposed to do? He was at a bit of a loss. … Maybe it wasn't so bad just to leave them be for a minute. The other man cracked up at Bucky's suggestion. "Yeah, that's about as good an idea as when you suggested we free-climb the clock tower naked. Although I guess at least this idea could just land us in jail, instead of dead."A wooden knocking came from one side of Steve's yard, and all three kids straightened and swiveled their heads."Who in the name of Jesus are you kids?" came the controlled but angry voice Steve knew vaguely belonged to the matron of the house next to his. "Keep it down, would you? This is a peaceful neighborhood."Anger flared in Steve, irrationally; if he were somebody else, somebody who left the house and talked to people, he'd go out there and tell that lady that he could let whoever he wanted use his pool, whenever he wanted to let them do it.He tried to ignore the feeling. It was like when he hoped for intruders: dumb, probably just circuits misfiring in his brain. Inexplicable.The trio looked at one another, and Bucky began silently cackling, shaking with it. He stood up, motioning the others to do the same, and they silently retreated to Steve's back fence. Bucky took a long pull from the new drink he'd claimed, then boosted the woman and the second man over the fence; he passed the drinks over the top, and climbed up as best he could on his own until hands came over and hauled him the rest of the way.The sound of their hasty footsteps away from Steve's fence came and faded. The lapping sound of the still-disturbed pool water took it's place as the only sign they'd been there.Steve only realized he'd been smiling hard when the smile began to droop. He let the crack in the curtain fall shut, turned back to his darkened, organized bedroom, and sighed.~vOv~Being told off by a matronly neighbor apparently did nothing to daunt Bucky, though, because the next Saturday afternoon, as Steve was sitting in his home office putting the finishing touches on the complex website he'd been commissioned to design for a small but ambitious Austin, TX start-up credit union, he heard voices and scuffling coming from his backyard.Little Motherfucker, his completely mute but otherwise healthy and spry cat, perked up her head toward the window and sniffed at the air.Steve looked over at her. "You're curious, too, huh?" he asked. "Well let's see."He moved his chair until he was right in front of her, the move she knew meant, Up! She sprang into his lap, and he moved them both to the window; he was ahead of schedule on the website anyway, and--he justified--Bucky was, at the very least, eye candy. You couldn't blame a guy for looking a little.Bucky was already on Steve's side of the fence, arms raised as he helped whoever was on the other side hoist a large two-person floatation device over it. They succeeded, and Bucky lowered it into the pool with a plop. People then started coming over the fence, laughing and falling, some holding drinks they sloshed all over as they clamored. Bucky and the hands of people Steve couldn't see passed foam noodles, coolers, and a plastic tub over the fence posts as well. Steve smiled and shook his head. You had to give Bucky credit: He was bold. Maybe a little reckless, but Steve didn't fault that in a person. He'd be reckless, too, if he could be. Once upon a time, he had been. And Bucky was reckless in his pursuit of fun—there was something exotic and appealing in that. One of the last people over the fence was Bucky's male friend from the other night, the bespeckled, hesitant individual for which Steve's brain managed to dredge up the name “Bruce” in retrospect. Whereas most of the students wore bathing suits or bathing suit covers, Bruce wore sweat pants and a T-shirt, and a large, shiny wrist-watch that did not look waterproof. Bucky clumsily helped him down from the top of the fence, but Bruce's weight tipped them both over; Bucky stumbled and fell to the side, while Bruce barely managed to keep his footing as he landed. Bucky cracked up hard. Bruce glared at him. “Well, help me up!” Bucky said, so loudly Steve could hear him over the sound of the other kids talking, his words once again slurring, holding out a hand. Bruce did, not looking at his friend, and saying something Steve could not hear. As soon as Bucky was on his feet, he surged forward and hugged Bruce. “You're a good friend, you know that?” he asked. Bruce nodded. Around the two of them, other partygoers were laughing and conversing, touching one another freely, unpacking coolers and dipping toes into the water. “Good call!” one kid shouted to Bucky as he moved toward the pool. The kid gave Bucky a thumbs-up and Bucky returned it. “This place is gorgeous. But we really won't get caught?” Bucky shook his head. “No way,” he said. “And if we do, everyone can blame me!” There was general laughter. Steve couldn't help but believe it when Bucky said he would take the fall for them all, if they got into trouble for this, and the thought had him grinning from ear to ear. He vowed that, if anyone called the cops on these kids, he would defend them so that there was no rap for Bucky to take, even if it meant showing himself. He didn't much like the idea, but he'd figure it out, if it came to that. The party eased into full swing. Steve's weather beaten picnic table became the venue for a game that involved cups full of beer, and throwing balls into them, which was apparently no easy feat. Bucky was terrible at the game, probably because his coordination was pretty clearly impaired, but he was a good-natured loser who didn't mind cheering on whoever had just beaten him. One kid, a big broad pony-tailed blonde guy, inspected Steve's grill for a long time—which made Steve nervous, since the grill was near the window where he was watching, but the kid didn't look up—until he figured out what was wrong with it, fixed it, pulled charcoal and a lighter from the plastic bin they'd brought, and proceed to start a cook-out. Bucky came over and slapped him on the back as smoke began to obscure some of Steve's view of the festivities. “I knew we could count on you,” he said. “I was not a Campfire Scout for so many years for nothing,” the blonde replied with a faint accent. Steve frowned down at Little Motherfucker. “I can't see,” he said. “What do we do?” She made the motions of a meow, but as usual, no sound came out. Steve shrugged and turned to wheel into his bedroom, to look out the other backyard-facing window, trying not to focus too hard on just how sidetracked he was apparently allowing himself to become. When he got settled into his new position and scanned the small crowd, Bucky sat shoulder to shoulder with some girl, their feet in the water, his eyes drooping and a dopy grin on his face. They'd turned into each other so their noses were maybe six inches apart, and the girl giggled a lot. Somehow, Bucky had managed to lower his voice, so Steve couldn't hear what they were saying. Two impulses curled in his chest. One: Kiss him, you crazy lady. Two: Don't you dare fucking kiss him, you crazy lady. … Oh Jesus, he was falling into lust with this kid he was spying on. That felt a little dirty. Or a lot dirty. He zoned out a little as he contemplated this, vaguely monitoring the proceedings, half-listening to the meandering conversation of two young women who sat in patio chairs near his window. He didn't know the people they were talking about, until he heard one of them say, “Bucky.” Then he started paying attention. “What do you know about Bucky?” is what one of the girls said. “Y'all are both engineering, right?” The other shrugged. “Yeah,” she said. “He's a sophomore, almost flunked freshman year but I guess he didn't. I've also heard he's a scholarship student, but I don't know if that's true or not. And he's a huge player, so don't even. Not that I don't get why you're looking. I've had most of my basic classes with him, and I generally try to sit so that I can just look at him if I want to without it being creepy.” The girls shared a laugh, then the first one said, “I do that with Thor in my comparative lit classes ...” and Steve tuned out again. The absurd desire to somehow ascertain whether Bucky managed to keep his scholarship, and to offer him some kind of anonymous financial assistance should he need it (Steve's mom left him some savings, and he was a sought-after freelance web designer with more money than he could ever need, considering his simple life), flared through Steve. Which meant, Steve knew, he was losing a bit of his grip on reality. He did that sometimes, with—embarrassingly—TV or book characters. He'd think, I can help! Before he would remember that, no, you can't. You live in different worlds.  This whole spying thing made him uncomfortable, made his heart rate pick up, pulled at the part of him that could get totally invested in something, until everything else turned to white noise. He was already trying to think of ways he might make sure the kids kept coming back here. This wasn't good for his mental health, to want something he could never have. “Alright, kids!” came a matronly voice, loud, above the din of conversation, pulling Steve's attention back to the side fence. Fuck. “You all clear out right now, or I will call the cops, do you all understand?” the voice continued from next door. Despite the thoughts Steve had just been having, he glared at the fence through his crack in the curtains, wishing he could will the lady to shut up and leave the party alone. Steve wanted Bucky and the girl to start making out. He wanted Bucky and the girl to giggle and fall in love, and come back here just the two of them, and talk about life and love and the future and poetry and movies and books, so that Steve could know what Bucky liked, what Bucky thought about, and so that Steve could know Bucky was happy. … Seriously deranged thoughts you're having, Rogers, Steve thought. The students reacted the same way they had the day before, immediately packing up without saying a word and high-tailing it out of there. Bucky, though, shouted, “Who are you to tell us to leave? It's not your house!” Some of the other students froze. “I strongly suspect it's not your house, either,” the woman said. “I have my finger on the 'call' button, dialed to 911, got it?” Bruce came up behind Bucky and said something earnest into his ear. Bucky glowered at the fence, and pushed Bruce's hand off his shoulder, but backed away.  Packing up and getting back over the fence went faster than getting set up had, everybody moving efficiently. Bucky tried to help, but mostly knocked things over, and Bruce eventually led him to the fence and boosted him roughly over to get him out of the way; Bucky fought him with what looked like genuine chagrin and anger the whole time, though, like he didn't like being shunted off even by his friend, but he was too unfocused to keep it from happening.  When everything was quiet and still again, and Steve sat blinking into the evening light, he heard a “Hmmm,” from his neighbors yard, and the sound of her walking away. He waited a few minutes, to be sure the neighbor was really gone, then wheeled himself out to the empty patio, so recently full of voices, and looked around. They'd done a good cleanup, even if it had been swift. Nothing looked out of place. Nothing indicated there had been people here. Except—what was lying in the grass by the fence? It gleamed in the pale evening light. With difficulty—grass was hard—Steve moved himself over to it, then used his long grabber to lift a set of keys off the ground. They seemed to belong to a female, with a pink rabbit's paw and a plastic framed image of a young woman saying, “I need a little drinky drink,” featuring among the key chains. Steve thought for a minute, then set them back down where they'd been left, but on top of the grass fully so they were easy to spot, and went back inside. ~vOv~The next morning, after much debate with himself over *why the fuck* he was doing this, Steve looked up the name of his next-door neighbor via property records online, then put that name into a phone book website. The resulting number, he dialed."Hello?" said a familiar matronly voice, though this time it did not boom.Steve licked his lips. "Mrs. Carney?""This is she.""Okay, hi. This is Steve Rogers. I live next door to you. I'd come over but I'm very busy and I'm away a lot. I'm away right now, actually. But here's the thing. I let a couple of my friends who go to Trinity use my pool sometimes. They said there was a misunderstanding yesterday--""Oh! Steve!" the woman said. "You still own that house?""Um ... yes?""I had no idea. I assumed the bank had it, or some developer. I guess you live elsewhere?"Steve wasn't sure what this lady thought was up with his weekly grocery delivery guy, if she thought nobody lived here, but whatever. It was true he never went outside, had no car, and that the lawn guys showed up biweekly to maintain the place, but he never did any work on it himself. "Mostly," he lied."I can imagine it's hard to be there," Mrs. Carney said. "Probably reminds you of your parents.""Uh," Steve said. "Yeah.""Okay, well, I'm sorry I ran your friends off. But do ask them not to come in the middle of the *night*, would you?"Hm, that put a hitch in things. How could he tell them that?"I'll let them know," he said anyway."Oh, thank you. Sorry again about the misunderstanding!""No problem, Mrs. Carney," Steve said. They signed off.Steve put the phone down and looked over at Little Motherfucker. "You think that'll backfire on me?" he asked her. She blinked and came over to settle in his lap. “You think he'll come back at all?” he asked. She meowed silently.  ~vOv~Three days later, again in the small hours of the morning, voices from the backyard broke through Steve's wee-hour insomniacal reverie.He pushed himself to sitting immediately, smiling over at Little Motherfucker. “I told you so,” he whispered. Little Motherfucker looked away haughtily. He took up his usual post by the window, and saw Bucky gingerly and over-carefully helping down a pretty young woman, though not one Steve recognized from either of Bucky's previous visits. Bucky wore swimming trunks, and a cross-body book bag. “There you go,” he whispered in the quiet when the girl was safely on the ground, her draped bathing suit covering no longer caught on the rough wood of the fence. “Wait one second.” He moved over to the side fence, the one adjoining Mrs. Carney's house, and knocked lightly on the wood. “Hey, lady?” he said, grinning manically to himself. It occurred to Steve that this was the closest Bucky had ever been to him, and he scrutinized his face in the dim yellow illumination of his back porch's automatic light. He was as good looking as Steve had believed, yes, but he also looked tired. That was probably a function of it's being after 2 a.m. Or maybe because it was January, so finals were probably coming up. Or had just happened? Steve hadn't gone to college. “Lady, you there?” Bucky called into the wooden slats of the fence. His voice was, once again, slurring. Steve felt a brief pang of longing that he was specially situated to only encounter Bucky when he was partying. He'd like to see him concentrating hard in his engineering classes, or laughing with friends at lunch, or—Stop right, there, you creep, he told himself. But … he still kept watching. Mrs. Carney did not respond to Bucky's knocks, so he turned back to the girl. Neither of them, Steve noted, saw the keys in the grass. “Welcome to the little jungle paradise I have discovered!” he said, twirling around, tangling his feet together, and stumbling a bit. He just laughed at himself, and the girl laughed too, coming into his outstretched arms. He pulled her close and they only stopped giggling because he kissed her, sloppy, but they both seemed to like it. This was the most uncomfortable Steve had been since the spying began, and he resolved to turn away if things went in the direction they seemed to be going in. But, they didn't. They broke apart and Bucky went to the edge of the pool, leading the girl by the hand. Their backs were now to Steve, so he couldn't see exactly what they were doing, but it involved pulling items from the bag Bucky had brought, and doing something with their hands as they sat thigh to thigh. Then Bucky lowered his head to something on the girl's knee, inhaled sharply, and lifted his head fast, tipping it backward. He exhaled contentedly, then did it again. “Good,” he said, voice a little choked. “Very good. Go ahead.” The girl repeated his motions. “Yeah, good,” she said. They did this a few more times. Steve just stared, dumb-struck. Partying college kids was one thing; narcotics was something else. Something he was rather less comfortable having in his backyard. And he was, he had to admit, a little disappointed in Bucky. Which was stupid. Very stupid. A lot of college kids did coke, right? Besides, who was Steve to judge Bucky's behavior? He felt like an idiot. When they'd both done a few inhales—or whatever the lingo might be—Bucky set a glossy tray aside and, without further ado, leaned over to kiss the girl with force. They made out a while, as Steve stared down at Little Motherfucker, feeling torn between not wanting to call the cops on Bucky, not wanting to show himself, not wanting Bucky to leave, and now also, kind of wanting Bucky to leave. “I love you, Melinda, do you know that?” Bucky said, fervent and so low that Steve wouldn't have been able to hear him had it not been the quietest part of the night. “I met you like a week ago,” the girl, Melinda, laughed. “So?” Bucky said. A pause, presumably for another kiss. “I'm not playing you. I really feel like I love you. I want to quit Trinity, and I'll come to St. Mary's with you. We can get a dorm together”--another pause--“and spent Sunday mornings”--another pause; Steve pet Little Motherfucker with a vengeance, not looking up--“doing crossword puzzles on the floor in the sunlight, drinking coffee, and eating croissants.” Another pause. “I'll go to all your exhibit openings, not like Ben.” Pause. “I'll wear a suit.” The girl laughed again, not nervous, but maybe a little indulgent. “Okay, Jim,” she said. “Whatever you say.” A longer pause drew Steve to look up, just to assess the situation, and he saw that Bucky was staring down at the girl, intense but a little bleary-eyed. “You've had, what, four lines of coke, a tab of E, and you've been drinking since 2 p.m., right?” Melinda said. Bucky shook his head and buried it in her mostly-exposed breasts, not as if to deny it, but as if to say, So what? The girl laughed again, and pulled his lips back up to hers, then said, “It doesn't matter, though,” she almost whispered. “I know what you want. You can have it.” Bucky blinked at her. “No, you don't know what I want,” he said. Then he stood up, turned so that his back was to the pool, and let himself fall backward into the water with a skin-slapping splash. As he sunk beneath the surface, his hair waved languidly around his head, and then he disappeared from Steve's view. The girl sighed and sat back up, waiting for Bucky to reemerge. He did, eventually, not looking at her. “Come back up here, young man,” she said. “Come back up here and get on top of me.” “Maybe in a minute,” Bucky said, pushing watery hair from his face. His demeanor had changed completely, as if the pool water had replaced it. “Oh come on, don't make me actually get into the water,” the girl wheedled. Bucky flopped backward and looked up at the sky. The girl sighed, again, longer. “Jim,” she said, enunciating. “You're high, and drunk, and being melodramatic again, and I don't feel like dealing with it. Let's go back to your room, huh?” “You go ahead,” Bucky mumbled. “I'm going for a swim.” The girl looked at him for just a second, and then stood up briskly, as if she were well aware there was no use arguing with Bucky. “Don't drown,” she instructed. Bucky only looked up at her when she got to the fence, apparently assessing whether she could get over it herself. She managed it with relative ease, and Bucky flopped backward again as she disappeared. He didn't move, and didn't seem to drown, for several long minutes. Steve couldn't stop the butterflies in his stomach: If Bucky, who was apparently impaired, did start to flounder, there wasn't anything Steve could do. And then, of course, since Steve's luck had always been awful—Bucky's eyes closed and his head sunk and he came up spluttering and wide-eyed, standing up in the chest-deep water where he still thankfully was, coughing up water. Steve stiffened. Jesus fucking Christ. Never had he so acutely felt how helpless he was to impact this strange backyard-invading situation he had allowed to go on for so long. And rarely, recently, had he so acutely felt how helpless he was in general, thanks to his fucking legs, and that made him burn with anger: Didn't he live this stupid, tiny, shut-in life so that he wouldn't be reminded, not by things he could not do and not by the looks on people's faces, that he wasn't what he used to be, and what most people were? That he was less? But before Steve could reach some kind of a boiling point, Bucky shook his head and wisely climbed out of the pool, packed up his drug paraphernalia, and made his exit alone. Steve had no idea how to feel, or what to do.



Chapter 2



Over the course of the next 24 hours, during which he slept even less than usual, Steve turned over the events of the previous night in his head, trying to determine his best course of action, seeing as he did not want anyone to drown or have a drug overdose in his backyard, yet at the same time he did not want to directly confront anyone, thereby forcing him to show himself. If they were just college kids, drinking and flirting and swimming, that was one thing. But cocaine? And the way Bucky had acted this last time ... it didn't put Steve in mind of a happy-go-lucky college kid so much as it did an aging, depressed rock star trying to party his problems away, but overshooting the mark and getting morose. It was like something out of a Showtime TV show. But he *didn't* want them to stop coming. He didn't want Bucky to stop coming. And so maybe it was time to admit to himself: He liked watching these kids. It made him feel like he was a part of their antics, and he liked that feeling. Because he had never been a part of anything like that, and never would be. He would never be a part of anything that wasn't on the internet.What would happen to him, though, if Mrs. Carney got wise to the fact that there were hard drugs involved? That Bucky, or anyone else, might be fucked up enough that drowning seemed like a genuine possibility? She could call the cops on the drugs. The ensuing cop visit would not only reveal to the kids that Steve existed, but probably get Steve thrown in jail with them, and he didn't think he could handle that.He didn't manage to come up with an answer, though, before the next Sunday, when Bucky was back, three friends in tow, and at about 5 pm, a reasonable time. They weren't carrying anything today, and as they all alighted on Steve's side of the fence—Bucky, the girl from the first night, Bruce, and one other girl—Bucky clapped his hands together. “Okay,” he said. “We're going to find these motherfuckers. You two that way, we'll look over here.” His voice didn't slur today, which was a nice change. The group fanned out, looking over the grass, pushing through the dense, various flora that surrounded the pool, and occasionally calling to one another. “Are you sure you left them here?” Bruce asked at one point. “The lady already said she looked everywhere else, Bruce, calm your pantaloons,” Bucky answered. “We have to find them,” the girl who wasn't from the first night answered. “We have to. They have to be here.” “We will,” Bucky replied. Steve almost laughed. They're right there, he thought, where you were standing when you came over the fence. But the search was interrupted, before anyone realized this, by Mrs. Carney's carrying voice. "Oh, kids!" she said. Her head actually popped over the side of the fence this time, like she was standing on something.Steve frowned. It was a perfectly reasonable time to be outside, and everybody was behaving. What could she possibly want?Bruce and Darcy stood up straight and exchanged a look. Bucky took a few steps toward the fence and visibly steeled himself. "Uh, yeah, hi!" he said. "Look, we're not--”"I just wanted to apologize for running you out the other day," Mrs. Carney said. "I didn't realize Steve had given you permission to be here."Oh. Shit. Little Motherfucker lifted her head. Steve glared at her. “Don't look at me like that,” he said. Bucky hesitated for only a second. “Uh, yeah, he did,” he said. “Thanks. I guess he—let you know …?” “Yes, he gave me a call. That's very generous of him. I am so sorry. I didn't realize he still owned the house. I haven't seen him in years, so I assumed the bank owned it now, and you were trespassing.” “Right,” Bucky replied, nodding. “I can understand why you'd assume that. Since he never comes around.” “Yes, exactly,” Mrs. Carney replied. “Anyway, I would just like to ask that you kids don't come here too late at night, if you understand. I work in the city clerk's office, you see, and I have to wake at 5 a.m., and I'm a light sleeper anyway. Do you understand?” “Oh yeah, um—what's your name?” “I'm Ellen Carney.” “Yes, Mrs. Carney, we understand. We won't come late anymore. And thanks for the apology.” They said their goodbyes, and Mrs. Carney's back door clicked shut, indicating that the kids were once again alone in the yard. Bucky turned back to his friends with a wide-eyed look, and raised his arms. “What,” he said. “The. Fuck?” “I have no idea,” the girl from the first night said. “But I'm a little freaked out now. What if it's, like, the ghost of the former owner, and the bank does own it?” “Yes,” Bucky said. “The ghost of the former owner. That's the first and most obvious conclusion you could possibly draw.” Actually, Steve thought, that is not entirely inaccurate. “Let's just find the keys and get out of here and not come back,” Bruce put in. “I'm done with breaking and entering.” “I don't think it's actually breaking and entering,” Bucky muttered, looking down at the grass again to scan it. “Oh, here they are!” called the other girl just then. She held up her keys triumphantly. “Great, we're out of here,” Bruce said, already heading to the fence. The others followed, Bucky last, and as he perched on the top of the fence posts, poised to lower himself down the other side, he gave the house a long, searching look. His eyes went to both back windows, and at the one where Steve was actually sitting, his eyes seemed to linger. Steve's heart sped up, but he didn't move. If he twitched the curtain shut, that would more surely give him away than anything Bucky's eyes might be able to make out through the crack. Finally Bruce called, “Bucky!”, Bucky lowered himself, and the group went away. ~vOv~ Steve never really felt happy; that wasn't in the cards for him, anymore. He didn't even feel content—more, he just felt safe, in his completely handicapped-accessible house, with his routine grocery deliveries and his routine pool-maintenance and landscaping guys coming over to maintain his yard, that one window he had to the outdoors. In his house, he wasn't handicapped; he could do whatever he needed to. Nobody could want to “help.” And online, through his web design company and through work he did to help hack and leak government documents, he was more than competent. He was well-regarded. He was capable. There was no challenge he couldn't meet. Plus, he loved Little Motherfucker. So, it was a life. A life he could focus on, that kept him from thinking dark thoughts except in the wee hours of the morning. But as the high—which he hadn't even known he'd been on—of his spying activities began to fade as days went by without Bucky and company hopping his fence, Steve found he could no longer focus on his little life for long enough to keep the dark thoughts at bay. They began to creep forward from the wee hours into breakfast, or to sneak up on him as he unsnarled code in the middle of the afternoon: Is this any kind of life? What will you do if you ever do need somebody's help? You've got nobody. Nobody would tolerate you. Do you even remember how to talk to people face to face? Seriously, you're 24 years old, Rogers—if you live to a ripe old age, you've got fifty years minimum of this silence left ahead of you. Can you really make it through fifty years? Considering nobody cares for you, and you care for nobody, what's the point of even being alive, actually? One day about a week and a half after he'd last seen his backyard invaders, Steve shut down his monitor, pulled his headphones out, put his head in his hands, and just surrendered to the thoughts; they weren't going away. Just then, there was a knock at his back door. The grocery delivery guy wasn't due for three days, and he came to the front. Steve went ice-cold. Could it be Bucky? Or Mrs. Carney? Why would either of them think somebody's home? He felt caught, somehow, like the spotlight from a police helicopter was on him. And at the same time, despite his fear, he suddenly just could not picture himself sitting still right now, and waiting for whoever it was to go away. Like someone else was making the decision for him, he knew he was going to answer the door. He turned and rolled from his home office, down the hall, and into the living room. The back door stared at him, with its high little window covered by blackout curtains. Another knock sounded, longer this time, as he stared. He clenched one fist, reached out the other, and swung the door open. Bucky stood on Steve's back porch, one hand in a pocket, hair a mess, wearing a university sweatshirt. His eyes immediately widened and he leaned slightly forward, like he was trying to make sure he was seeing what he was seeing. His opened his mouth like he wanted to say something, then shut it, then opened it again, and he said: “You're not Steve, are you?” Steve felt just as exposed and irrationally angry as he always did, when he encountered other people since he was in his chair. The crazy thought that Bucky might assume that Steve hadn't run them off or called the cops on them because he was too weak—which was half true—flashed across his mind. A thousand desperate retorts and angry recriminations in response to that filled up his head until he had to remind himself to focus on what Bucky had actually just said. Which wasn't so hard, since his brain supplied him with memories about how Bucky was, generally, a sweet guy. Not the kind to fuck with somebody in a wheelchair, right? He wasn't an unknown. And Bucky had his own problems; he wasn't perfect, maybe couldn't fault Steve for not being perfect.  “I, uh.” Steve cleared his throat. “I actually am Steve, yeah, Steve Rogers.” He'd got the words out! And he'd even looked near Bucky's eyes. Not in them, obviously, but nearby. Bucky's mouth went to one side, and Steve realized that he was witnessing, for the first time, what Bucky's face looked like when he was concentrating hard on something. Like how he might look in his engineering classes. “Okay,” he said after a second. “I think maybe you and I both have some things to explain to each other.” Regret at having opened the door began to bloom in Steve. What was he doing? How could he end this encounter as quickly as possible? Also, Bucky looked tired and worn, too thin, not at all taken care of, and would he maybe eat something if Steve made it for him? Steve was a good cook, he had plenty of practice. … Where did that come from? “What … do you mean?” Steve managed, not brave enough to be the one to launch them into a real conversation, but half-hoping Bucky would force the issue. “I mean … Did you tell your neighbor not to bug the college kids who … You know?” They stared at each other. “And,” Bucky added, sounding a little miserable, “do you live here? Like, full-time? Or …?” He looked down. Why, oh why had he answered the door? “What do you want?” Steve asked. “Is there anything specific I can do for you?” Bucky's lips pinched, and he shook his head. “I guess not,” he said. “Sorry. And sorry I … snuck into your yard so many times. I won't do it again. I don't know what you meant by--” He shook his head again. “I guess it doesn't matter. You're here, it's your pool, and I'm really sorry. I'll just go now.” He turned to start away, but Steve reached out and heard himself say, “Wait.” Bucky turned around again. Steve took a deep breath. “Okay, yes, I called my neighbor,” he said. “And yes, I live here. Full time. I don't leave much, and I don't use my backyard, because …” He gestured to the chair. “So yeah, I heard you guys in my yard. But it's harmless.” A decent lie came upon him then. “I've lived here for years. You think you're the first group of college kids to realize there's a really nice pool nobody ever uses, just over the fence from a main part of your campus? You're not. You can use it. I don't mind. It's like … my gift to the world. Go ahead. It's whatever.” Please, please, please, just take it, Steve thought. Bucky squinted at him. “You live here?” he said. “Yeah.” “Like, alone?” “Yeah.” “... How old are you?” Steve almost laughed. “I'm 24,” he said. “What's that matter?” “I mean … you heard us out here, you didn't mind, so …?” “So, what?” “So why didn't you come join the party?” The gulf between them yawned, obvious and black, and Steve closed his eyes. “I said it's fine, Bucky,” he said. “Just take it. It's a free, private, heated pool. Just go with it.” “Wait,” Bucky's voice came through Steve's closed eyes, suspicious. Steve opened his eyes. “Wait what?”  “I didn't introduce myself.” Steve felt the hot blush come over his face, and he buried his face in his hands, and—Christ--if that wasn't a confession, he didn't know what was. “You listened to us,” Bucky said. He didn't sound mortified, though, or angry. He sounded—amused. In fact, he laughed. “You listened and remembered my name? Man, if you were older, that'd be creepy. As it is, it's … well, still a little creepy. But you're cute, so I'll give you a pass.” Steve looked back up. “I'm cute?” he said, unable to decipher the grin on Bucky's face, or to parse out what his game might be. “Yeah, uh.” It was Bucky's turn to blush. “Sorry, was that weird, I just got a vibe. Sorry. Wow, I probably just blew this whole thing--”“No, no, you didn't blow it, I don't mind,” Steve said, before he could stop himself. “I don't mind.” “Oh,” Bucky said, brightening again. “Okay.” “But you … can think someone's cute, even if they're …?” Steve gestured to his chair. Bucky cocked his head to one side. “Duh,” he said. Steve wasn't sure he could believe something like that. But Bucky's even saying it further proved his good nature, and Steve smiled again. “Well, thanks,” he said. “Anyway. I'm gonna. Go back on inside. I work as a web designer, I've got a big deadline …”He didn't have a big deadline. Bucky's smile dropped. “Oh, right, of course, I'm sorry,” he said. “You're probably, like, at work. Okay. Yeah. Um. Well. Thanks for the—offer? About the pool. Uh. Yeah.” “It's not an offer, it's just how it is, okay? It's all good. I don't mind. Use it as you please.” Bucky nodded again, but worry pinched at his face again. Still, Steve had reached his limit for human interaction for the moment—he was so far out of practice, even this had been Olympian—so he just nodded, backed up, smiled, and shut the door with a perfunctory, “Bye!” Bucky repeated the word back to him, but the door was already closed, and Steve slumped backward in defeat. He really, really, really fucking hoped he hadn't just ruined everything. That night, not for the first time—not by any means—Steve guiltily touched himself to the thought of this smiling, cute college kid named Bucky. ~vOv~ That afternoon Steve called his handyman, who had helped him years ago (when he still saw people sometimes) to transform his house into a handicapped-accessible paradise, and asked him to put a gate in his back fence that opened from either side, and didn't lock. The handyman was skeptical over the phone, but the next day he came, and put the gate in. Steve checked on his progress through a window with satisfaction. ~vOv~Bucky didn't come back, though. A week passed. Regret took hold that he had sent Bucky away, instead of asking him if he wanted to stay for dinner, like a small, strange part of him had wanted to do. He might never come back now. But he couldn't regret that, he told himself. That would be the first step toward regretting his entire solitary life, and considering he felt entirely incapable of living any other kind of life, regretting that would just be too painful. If Bucky and the gang came back to use his pool, it would be nice just to have the background noise. That was all he really wanted. Then, as he was feeding Little Motherfucker early one Friday evening, he heard the metal-on-metal sound of a gate opening, coming from his backyard. Then a knock, for the second time in memory, at his back door. Steve didn't bother to wonder at the fact that he intended to open it this time. He just did. And, again, it was Bucky. Smiling a little sheepishly, wearing a T-shirt with an annoyingly deep and revealing V-neck and tight jeans. “Hi, Steve Rogers,” Bucky said. “Hi, Bucky—uh? What is your last name?” “Barnes.” “Hi, Bucky Barnes.” The smile widened, and Steve found himself returning it. Why would Bucky be here alone again, and dressed in such a …. manner? He didn't dare to imagine—but Bucky had said he was cute—“Look, uh,” Bucky started, cutting off Steve's train of thought. He rubbed the back of his neck and didn't meet Steve's eyes. “I just wanted to come by and ask you. Would this Sunday around three be okay for me to bring, like, twenty people over here? I figure if I'm actually gonna use it like you said I might as well make sure it's a good time, or whatever.” Steve blinked, a mix of disappointed and relieved. “Uh, yeah,” he said. “Sure. I was going to invite all my celebrity friends over for a cook-out, but I can push that back.” It occurred to Steve after he said this that it might not be as funny to Bucky as it was to him. But Bucky laughed. “Oh good,” he said. “I'm sure they'll understand.” They looked at each other for a second. Then, like an hourglass running suddenly out, Steve said, “Do you want to come in? I was just about to make dinner.”Bucky shook his head slightly and opened his mouth, then stopped and paused. “Uh, yeah,” he said, sounding like he was surprised by the words coming out of his own mouth. “Yeah, that sounds good. What are you making?” “Well, I've got lots of options. I always cook. We can make something you like.” “... Can I help cook?” Bucky asked. “I never learned.” Steve cocked an eyebrow. “I'm sure we can put you to work somehow.” Bucky smiled, and Steve returned it before he turned to wheel into the living room, hearing the door click shut behind him and the sound of Bucky's footfalls as he followed.He had no idea what he was doing. What did he have to say to another human being? People usually talked about their friends and families, their exploits. He had none of those things. He had no stories to tell that weren't about the antics of Little Motherfucker.His hands were *actually* shaking as he turned to look at Bucky again when they reached the spacious kitchen."Here it is," he said. "Scene of one of my favorite hobbies." Christ, he thought, what's Bucky care what your hobbies are? ... Actually, he realized, he wondered what *Bucky's* hobbies were.(Other than narcotics and liquor.)"I was thinking of making something simple. A chicken curry with jasmine rice. But I've also got the stuff to make--""No, that sounds delicious," Bucky said. He stood in the doorway to the kitchen, arms crossed, shuffling his feet and glancing around.Oh, right. Steve's kitchen did not look like a normal kitchen: Counters all low enough that Steve could work at them from his chair, most hollow underneath so he could scoot up close, walls lined with racks he could pull down via a low grab bar rather than regular cabinets.For some reason, he felt embarrassed by it."Uh, sorry," he said. "I guess my kitchen is kinda weird."Bucky frowned. "What? No. It's not that. Your kitchen looks pretty kitchen-like to me. It's--I need to make a phone call.""Oh, um, go ahead. I'll wait."Bucky nodded and disappeared back around the corner.Steve opened the fridge absently. What might Bucky like? He said curry was okay, but was it? All he knew of his tastes was that he liked hamburgers."Thor, hi," came Bucky's quiet voice from the living room. Steve wondered if Bucky knew he could hear him, then almost laughed aloud; as if spying on Bucky wasn't something Steve had gotten so much experience in it should be on his resume."Look," Bucky went on, "I'm gonna skip tonight. If anybody asks tell 'em I was feeling a little under the weather ... Ha, no, Melinda no longer really speaks to me ... No, nothing like that. Actually, I'm hanging out with--well. It's a story. I'll tell you later. Maybe on Sunday ... Okay, I will. You too. Bye."Simultaneously, a rush of pleasure that Bucky had canceled plans for *him*, and a rush of fear because he didn't understand *why* Bucky would do that, overcame Steve. He stared sightlessly into his refrigerator.He heard Bucky come in behind him and turned. "You don't have to cancel plans for me," he said.Bucky looked momentarily surprised, but then said, "No, trust me, I wanted to." He laughed. "We were just going clubbing. Again. I used to like doing that, but ... I don't know. There are expectations of me. Exhausting expectations. They have them for a good reason, but ..." He shrugged. “Maybe I'm over it.” Steve didn't know exactly what that meant, but he could guess a little. "Well no expectations here," he found himself saying.Bucky actually kind of *beamed*, and Steve felt privileged to be just a few feet from him when he saw that expression. Bucky had always been so far away, before."Yeah," Bucky said. "Thanks."Steve smiled back.Bucky shook himself, as if trying to refocus, and looked around. "Actually, you know, your kitchen's kind if killer." He went to one counter and picked up a can opener. "It looks like somebody actually *uses* it. Like somebody lives here."Well it ought to, Steve thought, considering the fact that I exist exclusively here."Thanks, I think?" he said aloud.Bucky just smiled again and put the can opener down, but Steve almost thought the smile was a little sad, this time."So, are you sure curry's good?" he asked, rushing to change whatever thought process had Bucky smiling sadly. "We can do pasta, enchiladas, stir-fry, stuffed peppers--""I'm sure, I'm sure, I promise," Bucky said, laughing. "Let's get to it."They got to it. Steve pulled out the ingredients--Bucky stood behind him and saw Steve's sizable collection of hand-crafted ales, which he loved, and requested one; Steve told him to have whatever he wanted--and they set about chopping and prepping.Steve started the rice, and Bucky diced raw chicken breast--slowly, clumsily, but with a grin. At first, Steve was on edge, waiting for Bucky to offer him *help* with something he *thought* Steve couldn't do or reach.But Bucky didn't, and Steve relaxed. "So you like to cook," Bucky said, polishing off his second ale and trashing it."I love it," Steve replied, mixing spices. "I ..." Should he be honest? Christ, why not. "I don't get out much. I have a lot of time to myself once my work's done every day. So I love to try new recipes and stuff."Bucky retrieved another ale. "Need another?" he asked Steve.Steve still had most of his first drink left, so he shook his head."Why don't you get out much?" Bucky asked, opening the drink and returning to his station.Steve had an answer prepared for this.He shrugged. "I'm shy, I guess. But also, it's just logistically"--he gestured to his chair--"easier to be around here. The whole house is outfitted for me. The rest of the world, not so much. Plus, my work is online, both professional and some volunteering I do, and so I live a pretty full life that way." That last part wasn't a lie, exactly, but ... The tone of contentment he said it with might have been disingenuous.Bucky bobbed his head. "Fair enough," he said.Steve started measuring out yogurt for the sauce. "What do you do for fun?" He cut his eyes over to Bucky. "Other than partying and clubbing, I mean."Bucky turned red. "Ha, um," he said. "Nothing much, I guess. That's pretty much it.""Movies?" Steve asked. "TV shows? Books?""Oh, sure," Bucky said, the red receding a little.The topic of pop culture and media, as it turned out, was safe for both of them, and it sailed them through the food prep; Bucky was, as Steve had suspected, discerning and articulate when it came to a subject he knew something about, such as their mutually-beloved "The X-Files.""Mulder was just stubborn and stupidly prideful," Bucky said at one point. "I bet he coulda found more people to help him out and join his cause if he'd tried, but no--he was gonna save the world single-handed. Thank god he had Scully to look out for him, at least.""What's wrong with not wanting to get other people involved if you can handle it yourself?" Steve asked in return, distracted by mixing the sauce.Bucky just gave him a wry look, and smiled.Talking like that, before Steve even knew it, the prep was done."We'll just let that simmer for fifteen, and then we'll eat," Steve said as he put the lid on the pan of curry; it already smelled heavenly."Can't wait," Bucky said, his voice slurring a bit. Steve had lost count of how many ales Bucky had put away.Just then, he got another.They retired to the living room, which contained several recliners but no couch. Steve wheeled into the empty space in front of the TV.Bucky sat cross-legged in one of the recliners and took a drink of ale. "Thanks for asking me in, by the way," he said. "This is really fun.""No problem," Steve said. And maybe the two and a half ales he'd had himself by now loosened his tongue a little because he added, "You looked like you could use a good meal. Or a week's worth of good meals. Don't they feed people at that school?"Bucky laughed. "You're one to talk," he said. "What do you weigh, eighty pounds?"Steve looked down and didn't answer, because the answer would've been, I rarely check because it's too much trouble to get myself on a scale. "Hey," Bucky said, concerned. "I'm sorry, I was just messing with you. I think you look good like that. Very good. Fucking cute, actually. And you probably don't *actually* weigh eighty pounds, I was exager--""No, no," Steve said, looking up. "I wasn't offended. And thanks for the compliment."Bucky's concerned face relaxed, and he sat back in his chair. "Just telling it like I see it," he said."Well, I'm honored," Steve said, "especially considering you yourself are a pretty damn attractive guy."Bucky's smile faded, but it wasn't replaced by neutrality, or a frown; his eyes darkened and burrowed into Steve. He bit his lip, and released it."Why are you in that chair?" he asked.Steve's blood froze. What was he going to--"Whoa!" he heard Bucky say, and he looked back over at him.Little Motherfucker had jumped up into his lap, and was turning in circles and kneading his thigh with her little white paws."You have a cat," Bucky observed. The shock of her appearance wearing off, he slumped his shoulders and pet her back. She arched into the touch, and settled down.Bucky smiled, the previous question--thank *every* god--apparently forgotten. "What's his or her name?""Uh." Steve laughed. "Her. Sure you wanna know?"Bucky looked at him sidelong. "Yeah?"Steve told him.Bucky burst out laughing. "Was that on purpose, or did you name her something else, but that's what stuck?"Steve joined the laughter. "You're right, actually," he said. "She was supposed to be Sarah.""This is more original," Bucky said, stroking the cat. "And more you."Warmth settled over Steve at that, even if he wasn't exactly sure how Bucky thought he knew what was "Steve" after speaking to him for a total of maybe an hour and a half. "Well," he managed to say. "She doesn't mind it."Bucky scratched Little Motherfucker under the chin."So tell me," Steve said. "What's your major?"Bucky kept focus on the cat and shrugged. "Engineering.""What kind?""Electrical.""You like it?""I." He scratched the cat intently. Then he drained his mostly-full ale.Steve waited."Sure," Bucky said finally. He licked his lips for traces of foam. "It's great.""A stunningly enthusiastic recommendation," Steve said. "I'm suddenly regretting my life choices in not having studied it."That got a chuckle out of Bucky. "I *did* pick it 'cause I wanted to do it," he said eventually. Which seemed like hedging to Steve, but he let it be.Bucky was something of a Rubix cube. But, hey. Steve solved one of those for the first time at four years old."That's good," Steve said, noncommittal.Bucky, bleary-eyed and heavy-lidded, looked thoughtful and then spilled, "I do love the work, when I actually manage to do it." He laughed nervously. "Which isn't all that often."Steve nodded knowingly; he'd read about college students, and their sometimes mixed-up priorities. Bucky seemed to be a paragon of the concept. "I see," he said.Bucky's wandering eyes found Steve's again. "You go to school?"Steve shook his head. "Self-educated," he said. "Web design. Coding. Some ... Well. I can get into places I shouldn't, a little. Computers. Mostly it's boring."Bucky's eyes brightened and he sat forward. "Oh my god," he said. "You're angry, intelligent, isolated, self-taught hacker coder computer guy! Oh my god. I never thought I'd meet that guy! Let alone that he'd be as cool as you. And as ... bathed." He collapsed back again, laughing. "That's awesome.""Uh," Steve said. "Yes? Thanks?""Do you heckle people for no reason on YouTube comments? Do you 4chan?"Steve couldn't stop the laugh that bubbled up at that. "No to the YouTube," he said, still smiling. "And I only go on 4chan when I have to. Don't worry.""That's good to know.""I did ..." Steve hesitated, then went for it. "I did make the most popular gay sex mod for 'Skyrim', if you know that game." One of his most populist, non-secretive accomplishments.Bucky laughed in earnest at that, throwing his head back, and Steve *loved* it. He loved that Bucky laughed."I probably have it, then, 'cause I've got like five sex mods on my game," he said.Steve grinned. "You got a favorite character of yours on there?"'Skyrim,' and eventually the Elder Scrolls series in its entirety, became the night's second major bonding point, as they finished waiting for the curry. Then Steve plated the food, and they settled back in the living room to eat."I actually have a T-shirt," Steve confided as he blew on his first bite of the piquant dish, "that just has a hand-print on it and says, 'We know.'"Bucky grinned, delighted, swirling his fork through his own serving. "That's awesome," he said. He dropped the fork and took a long pull from his new ale. "You're awesome."Steve felt his stomach sink. Because--he knew--by this time, Bucky was pretty well fucked up. Steve couldn't know if he meant anything he said. And that thought made him unaccountably sad."Thanks," he mumbled. "Try the curry."Bucky took a small bite, and his eyes widened."Oh Jesus god," he said. "This is really good! How did you even?""Hey," Steve said, pleased, "you helped.""I did as I was told." Bucky took a bigger bite."You learned how to dice chicken and simmer jasmine rice. Both important lessons."Bucky put his fork down again and finished his ale; Steve was beginning to be seriously impressed by how much alcohol he could put away."Well, I thank you, sensei," Bucky said, exhaling and setting down the empty bottle. He blinked a few times and shook his head, as if to clear it. "You're a ... good teacher," he added, distant and distracted."Hey," Steve said. "You okay?""Yeah, great." Bucky stood up unsteadily. "I'm gonna get another. You need something?"Steve shook his head, and Bucky disappeared. He couldn't pinpoint the origin of the slight sadness blooming in his chest.Bucky stayed gone a while, even though he had disappeared into the kitchen, and when he came back his steps were even more unsteady. He collapsed into his chair again, and set a new, full ale down by his plate.He looked sleepy and bedraggled, and maybe even a little melancholy, eyes at half-mast."Hey," Steve said. "Hey, do you maybe want--we could watch a movie or something?"Bucky turned to him with some small effort, and nodded. "Sounds good," he said, with an obviously forced smile.Steve put on, "Life of Brian," which Bucky hadn't seen, but which he was likely to enjoy, considering he had said he liked, "Monty Python and the Holy Grail."Steve finished his food, and Bucky fell asleep slumped in the chair by the end of the second scene in the movie.Bucky hadn't hardly eaten anything, but Steve didn't have the heart to wake him, so he put all the leftovers away--in plastic containers for Bucky to take home--and put a blanket over Bucky. Then he put a tall glass of water and a full bottle of Advil on the coffee table in front of him.He went to bed with his bedroom door open so he could hear if Bucky stirred in the night.Thinking of Bucky in the other room, he fell asleep immediately, and stayed that way.



Chapter 3
Chapter Notes
Please let me know what you think, even if you do not like something! I am good with concrit. Then again, this fic is rabidly self-indulgent. So I sure hope there are people out there who want the same indulgences I do. Lol.



Bucky was gone in the morning, but for some reason that didn't hurt as much on its own as did the fact that Bucky neatly folded the blanket Steve had draped over him, and put it back in the hall closet, up on the highest shelf, where it went.

Steve hadn't even known Bucky was conscious enough to know Steve had  gotten  it from the hall closet, using his long grabber. But apparently he had noticed, and not only had he noticed, but he put it right back. Back where it went. Out of Steve's obvious reach.

And back where it would give no reminder Bucky had even been there.

He probably had things to do that morning, Steve reasoned.

Fortunately, he thought, Bucky would be back the next day, Sunday, with his friends. And though Steve couldn't wrap his mind around the idea of spying on Bucky anymore now that they were ... acquaintances, he still breathed easier knowing Bucky would just  be back. 

And Bucky was back. At 3 pm, as planned, voices and the sounds of a pool party slowly grew in the yard. This time, for once, Steve did his best to mind his own business and content himself with the knowledge that Bucky was back there--(was Bucky back there?)--and stared at some code on his computer screen.

Then, his front doorbell rang.

Steve frowned and went for the door, assuming it would be Jehovah's Witnesses or something, but thinking maybe--for whatever reason--it would be Bucky.

Which it was. Steve glimpsed him through the viewing hole he had installed at his level. Bucky, with a black eye, bloodshot whites, black bruising on one side of his jaw, and three fingers in a splint.

And he was holding a basket. Like, a holiday gift basket.

It made no sense, and part of Steve wanted to crack up, because seriously, what a  life  Bucky Barnes led; but another part of Steve wanted to find out who’d punched Bucky in the eye and, like … hack into his computer and fill it with furry porn.

He opened the door, cracked a half-smile, and asked, "Who's the weird gift basket for? That red head I saw coming in? She's really cute, you know. That what the kids these days do, give each other gift baskets?"

Bucky went white. "Uh." He rubbed the back of his neck. "It was for you? For your hospitality?"Blood rushed to Steve’s face; he  was not fit to interact with people. “Oh! I’m–”“It has some good stuff in it–”“No, no, I’m sure it does–”The gift basket drooped as Bucky looked down. “I’m sorry. It was stupid. I just wanted to apologize.”Steve’s first thought was that Bucky meant he wanted to apologize for leaving without saying goodbye, which, yeah, Steve would not at all mind an apology for that.But then Bucky said, “For drinking all your ale and passing out in your house.” He kept his head angled down as he looked up at Steve, so that his eyelashes were on display. “I’d had a hard day I guess, but it wasn’t cool of me.”Oh, that made sense. “It’s okay.” Steve shrugged. “All it’ll take to make up for it is at least two Pink Lady apples and a small jar of dijon mustard.”Bucky’s long blink suggested that he didn’t immediately understand this. But then a smile broke across his face and he said, “Well! I think I can handle that,” and held out the gift basket.Steve accepted it and set it on his lap. Bucky’s smile wavered but held up, like a faulty hologram.He really did look tired. The smudges under his eyes could be mistaken for smeared makeup, they were so dark. And, of course, he was still way too thin.But what did it say about Steve that he was fixated on that kind of thing? Probably it said that Steve  knew  he had nothing much to offer anyone except maybe a nice guest room to stay in and reasonably well-cooked meals. Certainly he couldn’t offer normal things like human company and relating to each other and going on dates.  So,  he thought,  I should probably get the fuck off that fixation. … But Steve still couldn’t help the words from coming out of his mouth. “Oh, and, uh, by the way.” The steadying breath he took probably made it sound like he was going to say something negative, so he tried to smile as he went on, “Could you guys maybe … not do anything illegal while your here? It’s just, what could I do if someone got hurt, you know? I could call the police, but I’d never get over it if someone overdosed or drowned because I let you guys …”He trailed off. Bucky had frozen, mouth half-open, eyes up to one side like he was desperately trying to decide what to say. “Uhhhh …”“I’m not  saying  you were going to have drugs here, I don’t know if you were or not,” Steve said in a rush. “Just, I know some college parties do, so I–”“No, no, I get it. I get it. That makes sense. It’s your home, drugs are a crime, that makes total, complete sense. Total sense.”Then why did it sound like there was more to that statement?“Okay then,” Steve said anyway. “Thank you.”Bucky still seemed to be frozen. “It’s just, it could be hard,” he said. “People are used to–but it’s fine. Yeah. Totally. No drugs. No problem. Of course that’s no problem, I’m sorry I said anything.”The sun gleamed off Bucky’s hair as he ran a hand through it, nervous or tired, and Steve had to swallow down,  Nevermind, do whatever you want, just do it here and don’t leave me alone again.A wave of self-loathing washed over Steve at that, and he wanted only to go back inside.“Anyway, you guys have fun,” he said. “I’ll just be inside. And I’m not here, by the way. If anyone asks.”Bucky nodded.~*~The code on Steve’s computer screen swirled and twisted away from him. The sounds of the party gearing up floated through his firmly closed and curtained bedroom window.He checked his Reddit feed a half dozen times. In forty minutes, nothing happened anywhere on the Internet. I cannot spy on Bucky Barnes. I cannot spy on Bucky Barnes. Hell. He shouldn’t be spying on any of the other kids, either.But the code wasn’t interested in making sense to him. And no one had said anything worthwhile on any of his Reddit posts.He gave up. He shut the lights of his bedroom off and took up his station at the little crack at the edge of the blackout curtains.Half-naked young adults littered his backyard. They’d draped themselves on patio furniture and grass, or stood in groups clutching cups. A small crowd had set up the ball-throwing game again; this was likely the source of the intermittent cheering. A half-dozen people wearing regular clothes stood at the gate Steve had installed, regarding the scene with bewildered smiles.Steve’s eyes picked Bruce out of the crowd, sitting alone with his feet in the water.And, on the other side of the yard from Steve’s vantage point – there was Bucky.Three people stood around him with their hands on their hips while Bucky gesticulated, eyes a little crazed and faced flushed. Steve couldn’t hear what Bucky was saying over the din of the gathering, but he  could tell that the listeners didn’t much like it.Searching for clues, Steve looked back at Bruce; but Bruce mostly just looked miserable. He rested his head on one hand and stared into the pool water, and he didn’t even move when someone splashed him.The three people Bucky had been gesticulating to left the party, and Bucky moved over to the kegs for a drink.The keg was closer to Steve.Bucky had regained the fuzzy, vague look in his eyes. He filled himself a cup, drained it, and filled the cup again.So intently was Steve watching Bucky, though, that when Bucky whirled around suddenly and shouted, Steve wasn’t clued into why. But then he looked to where Bucky began to stride.Two couples all raised their arms in greeting as Bucky drew up to them. One of them offered him the bong they’d just pulled out of a backpack. Well,  Steve thought. Weed wasn’t really a drug. Right?Bucky started speaking to this group, just as animated as he’d been with the last. But this time, he kept glancing back at Steve’s house, looking almost frightened.… Shit. This had  not been Steve’s intention.But just then, Steve’s view of Bucky disappeared as a man and a woman disconnected themselves from the main body of the party and drew up to the side of the house.They stood directly in Steve’s way. He could see that the man’s jeans were “Wranglers,” but he couldn’t see Bucky. The man’s suntanned, swarthy skin bore several days of stubble; the woman was the redhead, who Steve didn't think he'd seen before today.Steve held his breath, not daring to move. If the man tilted his head, even a little, he  really might be able to spy Steve through the little sliver of opening in his curtains.“How many do you have?” the woman asked.“Enough, I promise,” the man answered. “What do you want?”“A dozen?”Three more people appeared beside them. “Rumlow,” one of them said. “Are you in business? Bucky said–”“Yeah, yeah. One second. Three-sixty, Natasha.”One of the red headed woman’s cheeks dimpled. “That’s ridiculous, Brock."“That’s the price for a dozen.”“Heck,” one of the newcomers said. “For E? I’ll take that price.” He dug a wallet out of a pocket in his swim trunks.Steve could  not just sit here and watch this. If they noticed he was there, they noticed. He shut the curtain and sat back in his chair, in the dark.The voices continued their conversation as if they had not noticed anything.“Two forty?” the woman asked.“We aren’t negotiating.”There might have been a faint  whooshing sound from how quickly Steve turned and moved into his bathroom, where he wouldn’t be able to hear any of this, but he didn’t care. He shut the door behind him. Get ahold of yourself, Rogers. He put a hand on his chest, surprised at how fast his heart was beating.What was even  wrong  with him? They were just college kids having a good time. He wasn’t even anti-drugs! Not on principal. Not necessarily. Not when used responsibly, for fun, and sold responsibly, by responsible, decent people to other responsible, decent people. Hell, he’d read all the obligatory articles about how drug criminalization was a cultural problem in America, related to racism and puritanism. He  knew all that.So why did he want to call the cops  right fucking now  on that guy for selling ecstasy in  his backyard? Was it just the intrusion? Was it just the drama? Had Steve finally lost his fucking mind, and he was so bored and lonely that he wanted to get someone  arrested to have something exciting happen to him?… Yeah. Probably.Steve took deep breaths until his heart slowed down and the anger dwindled. He realized he was balling up his fists – right, like he would ever punch anyone – and, embarrassed, he loosened them.Then he cooked stuffed peppers. The prep took a solid 60 minutes, because Steve did everything by hand and kept checking his Reddit feed in between in hopes that someone would have direct messaged him (no one ever had).But once he’d closed the oven on the peppers, and set the timer, he sat in the middle of his kitchen, phone in the holder on his chair arm, and just stared at nothing for a second.And then, after a few more seconds, he realized he was straining his ears for sounds from the party.It was almost 6 p.m., and things were getting rowdy – apparently. Whoops and splashes cut through the constant hubbub; Thor’s unmistakable voice shouted something about a “foul.” Have a dozen of the people out there taken ecstacy?  Was one of them Bucky?  Why wasn’t Steve okay with that? He was. Obviously.But of course … well, all things considered, they probably  needed  adult supervision. And Steve could not  imagine how else he would fill the thirty minutes until his peppers were ready.Carefully, once he’d positioned himself at his bedroom window again, he pulled the curtain aside a crack.Rumlow had shifted a bit, so he didn’t quite obscure Steve’s view but he was still way too close for Steve to like it. Another kid drew up to him even at Steve opened the curtain, and exchanged cash for a small bag.Beyond Rumlow, the scene was much as it had been, with the addition of a few kids in regular clothes, apparently late additions to the party, milling around with drinks in hand.Bruce appeared to be either gone or out of view, and if he was gone then Steve felt a frisson of gratitude for  Bruce’s sake at that.Bucky, though … was definitely still there. He sat by the pool in a kind of heap, apparently arguing with the girl in the water in front of him, expression sulky. Steve was a little embarrassed to admit that he knew on the spot how drunk Bucky was; he’d watched him get drunk enough times to be able to tell.Bucky getting sulky or morose while drinking was, apparently, a theme. He and the girl argued a little while longer before she raised her hands in surrender, handed something to Bucky, and swam away, leaving Bucky to shove the thing in his pocket and bury his face in his plastic cup.Did Bucky not  care about Rumlow’s windowside entrepreneurialism, or had he just not noticed it?That question was quickly answered. Someone else lit up a joint, and Bucky advanced on them like an angry mother.Huh. Bucky was  keeping the party free of drug use.  Or at least, as well as he could, seeing as he was still also getting wasted. It would be cute if it wasn’t kind of – sad? Steve had  definitely ruined the party. At least, for Bucky. You could be out there helping him run interference, said a voice.… And where did  that  voice come from, exactly? When would that  ever have been an option?Steve shook his head, willing his thoughts to shut the fuck up. Maybe if he could get ahold of himself, he could ignore this party he  wasn’t even invited to and mind his own goddamn business.But then Bucky got pulled into a game of balls-being-thrown-into-beer-cups, and Steve reasoned that since that was a  sport,  it was  okay to spectate it.Not that, once the game got underway, Steve was on any level capable of following the action. Leaving aside the fact that he didn’t actually know how to play, or when a point was scored, Bucky was distracting.Distracting because: A) He was shirtless. When he lifted one arm to toss the ball in a smooth arc across the table, the lines of his body tugged at something in the pit of Steve’s belly.But also because, B) He … kept smiling like a hologram. He looked sad any time no one (other than Steve) was looking directly at him. And when he did smile, because someone had said something to him or tossed him the ball or handed him another drink, it was nothing like the smiles he’d given Steve the first time they met. I am absolutely projecting, Steve thought.Or was he?
 Yes. 
And suddenly, in another fit of what must be fugue or dancing sickness, Steve shut the curtain, turned, and approached his own back door. He didn’t hesitate at all as he lifted his fist –And knocked. Loudly. Continuously. For several long moments.The sounds of the party died down. Confused voices rose.“Uh, Bucky?” someone said. “The house just … knocked.”Bucky’s voice, vague and slow: “... What?”Steve knocked again.“Oh … kay,” Bucky said.A moment later, the back door knob turned; of course, it was locked. “Steve?” Bucky said.Steve cracked open the door. “Can you come in for a second?”Bucky’s hand braced on the doorframe, but he still managed to look unsteady. “Um. Sure.”Only once Bucky was inside, the door shut behind them, did Steve realize that it might seem a little creepy to Bucky that all the lights in the house were off except for in the kitchen; Steve had done this so that he could watch from any of the back windows.He  also hadn’t anticipated what it would be like to sit a foot and a half from a wet, messy-haired, sunscreen-scented, loose-limbed Bucky Barnes. This time when Steve’s pulse picked up, it wasn’t from anger.But Bucky quickly managed to give Steve’s pulse good reason to slow right the fuck back down. He ran the unsplinted hand through his hair. “They’re gonna know you exist now,” he said.“Yeah. Well. I had to.” You had to what, exactly, Steve? “I had to tell you something.”“I should’ve given you my number.” Bucky’s eyes moved around the room, as unsteady as the rest of him. Was he looking for somewhere to sit down?“Maybe. But listen. That guy standing by the window outside? Rumlow, I think I heard his name was? I couldn’t help hearing it, by the way, he’s standing right by the window to my bedroom, which is where my desk is. Anyway, he’s selling ecstasy. A lot of it. I thought you should know.”Steve braced himself for contempt.But he did not get it. Bucky’s darting eyes fixed on Steve, suddenly quite steady. “Are you sure?”Steve nodded.Bucky’s intake of breath was a hiss. “The  fucker ,” he said. “I told them all – Steve, I told them no drugs. I really did.”“I – believe you. I do. That’s why I –”“I’m gonna … Look, Steve. I’m so sorry. Don’t think this means – well, it doesn’t matter. I’ll just go now. I’ve got to …” He whirled and was through the back door before Steve could try to derive any kind of meaning from this.“Rumlow, you piece of shit, I knew I shouldn’t invite you!” Oh, fuck. Steve raced around the corner, to crack the curtain on his bedroom window once more.He got there just in time to see Bucky march right up to Rumlow, plant his feet, and say – loud enough to quiet the gathering a second time – “Get the fuck out of here, man. You heard me when I said just alcohol. I know you did.”Rumlow laughed. “Why don’t you mind your own business? I wasn’t bothering anyone.”“It’s my friend’s house, so it is my business. You don’t just go over to people’s houses and start weighing cocaine on their coffee tables without asking them, do you?”“Bucky, are you sure you want to do this?” Rumlow asked. “We both know you don’t give a  shit if I sell some E.”Bucky froze, just for a second. “Yeah,” he said. “I do.”Rumlow’s voice dropped, so probably only Bucky and Steve could hear it. “I know what this is actually about. You’re drunk, Bucky. You’ve got it twisted. Shut the fuck up and go home. I think it’s probably time for you to go home for the day.”A second passed as Bucky considered this, jaw locked and teeth gritted.Then Bucky surged forward; his fist flew toward Rumlow, but Rumlow threw it off easily and threw an uppercut into Bucky’s stomach.Bucky doubled over and staggered back a few steps. He lost his balance and landed hard on his ass; a hand flew to his mouth. Then he leaned over and threw up onto the ground.It was literally all amber foam that came out.“What the  fuck ?” came Natasha’s voice from the crowd. She drew up beside Bucky. “What the fuck, Rumlow?”“He threw a punch at me first,” Rumlow said. Several bystanders confirmed this.“Of course he did, he’s  wasted, ” Natasha said. She looked around at the partygoers. Beside her, Bruce appeared, leaning down to the still-doubled-over Bucky; so he hadn’t been gone, just avoiding the action. Fair.“I think it’s probably time to clear out,” Natasha said to the group at large. “Everyone! Party’s over. We’ve had a little assault and battery here, so if everyone could please just … Thanks. Great. Thank you. See you in physics.”The pool area began to empty. Rumlow left, pointing at Bucky as he passed him and muttering something Steve' couldn't hear. Natasha – who, for a woman who’d just bought a dozen tabs of E seemed remarkably on top of things – knelt down beside Bucky, avoiding the beer vomit. Bruce knelt on his other side. Well,  Steve thought.  That didn’t really go very well. He felt responsible. How badly hurt could a person be from getting gut punched in the stomach? Could you die? Steve shut the curtain and picked up his phone; should he call an EMS vehicle? When did people decide things were emergencies?A knock from his back door interrupted Steve’s thoughts, and he jumped.Ignoring the impulse to peek outside before going to the door – they all knew he was in here, at this point – he made his way to the living room and answered the knock.Bruce stood on his patio, arms crossed.He raised an eyebrow at Steve.



Chapter 4



“Uh, so,” Steve said. “Hello.”Bruce’s feet shuffled. He was, once again, not dressed for a pool party. “I guess you’re the owner of the house.”“I am.”“Did you, like …” He looked over at Bucky, who Natasha was trying to get to stand up, but who was resisting. But then Bruce dropped his gaze. “Nevermind. Sorry to bother you, sir. It’s none of my business. We’re getting out of here anyway.” He started back toward Bucky and Natasha.“Wait!”Bruce stopped.“Did I what?”The evening light made it hard to read Bruce’s expression. “I was just going to ask … if you put him up to that. Do you know Bucky well? I thought he might’ve figured out who lived here, but I wasn’t sure.”“Uh, no, I don’t know him well.”Behind Bruce, Bucky – still seated on the lawn – looked up. “Don’t bother Steve!”Natasha’s face was curious as she glanced over to where Steve was sat in the threshold.“I’m not bothering him,” Bruce said, placating. “I’m just … introducing myself.”Bucky didn’t bother to answer, or conclude the conversation. He flopped backward onto the grass and lay still. When Natasha lightly slapped his cheek, he either pretended not to notice, or really did not notice.“He’s being a brat again, I think,” she said.“What else is new. Look, Steve, I’m sorry about all this. I figure it was you who said no drugs?”Steve nodded. “Is Bucky … okay?”“He’s very drunk,” Natasha answered.“But I mean – he got punched.”“It wasn’t that hard a punch,” Natasha answered. “I’ve seen Bucky take worse”“Frankly,” Bruce said to Steve, “if you’re not into drugs on your property, I don’t know why you told  Bucky he could party here.” Me neither. “I’m – sorry.” Steve felt at a loss.But then inspiration struck, and Steve started talking before he could second guess himself. “Look, he’s looking pretty rough, why don’t you bring him inside? He can sleep it off a little in here.”Bruce and Natasha exchanged a glance. “You really know Bucky?” Bruce asked, looking back at Steve.“He’s an electrical engineering major. His interests include Skyrim and The X-Files. He has a reputation when it comes to clubbing.”A dry laugh escaped from Bruce, and he put his hands in his hoodie pockets. “Maybe you know him better than me,” he said. “The  X-Files ?”~*~It took half an hour of lugging and coaxing, but Natasha and Bruce got Bucky into Steve’s guest bed, on his side, with a trash can, bottled water, and Advil beside him. Then Steve herded them back onto the patio, so they could talk without disturbing Bucky.“Thank you guys for the help,” Steve said. He hated that he could offer Bucky a place to stay, but that when it came to actually hauling him into the bed he  couldn’t really help much.“Uh, I mean,” Bruce said, shuffling. “Thank  you. Usually if Bucky decides he’s just going to pass out in a weird location, we’re screwed. Sometimes we just leave him.”Huh. “Is Bucky …” Steve bobbed his head, looking for the words. “Is Bucky okay?”Both Steve’s guests squinted at him. “How do you know him, by the way?” Natasha asked.“Well.” Steve licked his lips. A version of the truth would probably be fine. “He noticed my pool, and he liked it. So he just knocked one day and asked if he could use it. I said sure. Happens all the time, Trinity kids noticing the pool and asking to use it. And once he’d asked, Bucky and I got to talking I guess.” He shrugged, feigning nonchalance. “We’ve hung out a few times. He’s a good kid.” Steve winced at both the lie and the use of the term “good kid”; he truly, truly did not know how to talk to people.Natasha made an acknowledging sound. “Well,” she said. “To answer your question, no, Bucky is not okay. He hasn’t been okay since the day I met him.” She shrugged. “But a lot of people aren’t.”This was true, Steve thought, but a lot of people weren’t Bucky.… Jesus Christ.“Do you know why he …” Steve could feel himself blushing again, like talking about Bucky behind his back made him feel vaguely caught out.“Why he’s a self-destructive lunatic?” Bruce asked.“Something like that.”“I don’t know why he punched Rumlow,” Bruce said. “Or why he drank so much today. But really, he drinks that much pretty much all the time, so. He wouldn’t have gotten quite that bad if he’d been doing coke too, which he normally is.”That hadn’t really been the question Steve meant to ask, but he felt the blush intensifying at the very thought of explaining that what he  really  wanted to know was  why  Bucky “drinks that much pretty much all the time,” so he kept quiet.“If you don’t mind, though,” Natasha said, leaning away from Steve, “could we just leave him here for the night? I’ve got to–”“Of course,” Steve said. “Yes, of course. No problem.”“Nat!” Bruce said. “We can’t just …” They exchanged glances again.“Are you saying you think Steve is a murderer?” Natasha asked dryly. “That kind of thing only happens in the movies.”“It’s just not …” Bruce glanced at Steve, but didn’t catch his eye.“Bruce,” Natasha said. Bruce looked up at her. “It’s fine.”Another second passed. Then Bruce, apparently somehow satisfied, said, “Okay.”They left out the back gate, waving to Steve as they passed through.He waved back. It was, frankly, surreal.The backdoor clicked shut behind him when he returned inside, sealing him in the house alone with an unconscious, wasted, apparently “self-destructive” college student. What was Steve doing?~*~It was not an easy evening for Steve, nor an easy night. Though he wanted to ignore Bucky, to just let him sleep, he kept cracking open the door to his room to – ostensibly – determine whether Bucky was still breathing. Which he always was. Bucky  did sit up long enough to vomit into the trash can, at one point. But other than that, he seemed to stay unconscious on the bed.Steve’s peppers were burned, so he dumped them in the trash and picked at a bowl of leftover stir-fry for dinner. He got himself one of his specially selected fine ales, but thinking about Bucky drinking them like they were water made him – for some unfathomable reason – dump the thing out into the garbage with his peppers.And  still,  no one was saying anything interesting on any of his Reddit posts,  or direct messaging him.He played  Breath of the Wild until 3 a.m. and then, being unable to pretend he was staying up on purpose any longer, he pitched himself into bed and stared at the ceiling for an hour.It seemed to him that, just as he was finally dozing off, a sound came from the hallway, and Steve’s eyes snapped open.“Fuck,” came a soft voice. Then a scuffling. Bucky repeated the curse.Blinking the bleariness from his eyes, Steve turned to the bedside clock.4:47 a.m.Bucky was trying to leave secretly without saying goodbye  again. … And what did it matter, exactly? Steve set his jaw and fixed his eyes on the wan beam of dawn coming out from the edge of his blacked-out window.But then he heard gagging, and there wasn’t even time for him to argue with himself before he swung into his chair and went through the open guest room door.Bucky, cradling the trash can in his lap and sitting on the foot of the bed with his shoes pulled back on already, looked up at Steve’s appearance. “Oh, no. I thought that might be where I was.”“Sorry to disappoint, I guess?” Steve said.Bucky’s hand went to cover his eyes. “That’s not what I mean.”Then what  did you mean? “So, uh. Can I get you anything? How are you feeling?” Why are your shoes on?“Did I do anything  really stupid?”“Define really. And define stupid.”“Just … I was trying to keep people from doing or selling drugs. Then I think I played beer pong. I don’t really know …” He opened his eyes. They were bloodshot, but at least they could focus.They squeezed shut again and Bucky ducked his head toward the trash can. Steve scrutinized the doorframe, even going so far as to reach out and pick at a splinter there, while Bucky heaved.“Oh, my god.” Bucky wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, then put the back of his hand on his forehead. He looked miserable; Steve wondered if he’d maybe want a shower before he left. “I’ll be out of here in like one minute,” Bucky said. “I think I have one more of those coming. Just one. Then I’ll be out of here.”“You don’t have to be out of here,” Steve said, willing his words to communicate just how immensely true that was. “You know, I … consider you a friend. Anyone who’s slept in my guest room and given me a gift basket qualifies.”“That was easy,” Bucky said. But he didn’t open his eyes, or move.He threw up into the trash can a few more times, and Steve continued not to notice.Finally, Bucky let out a sigh and stood. “Do you mind if I clean this out in the shower?”“Uh. If you want. But you really don’t have to go already. It’s not even 5 a.m. You should probably go back to bed.”Moving across the room, holding the trash can at arm’s length, Bucky smiled his hologram smile. “I won’t be sleeping anymore tonight,” he said.He disappeared into the bathroom. A moment later Steve heard the shower running.Did one continue a conversation while one’s friend cleaned out one’s trash can of their own hangover vomit?  Did one tell one’s friends they were friends when one’s friends had a hangover and were vomiting in one’s house? Steve’s head hurt.He hoped the loud sniffing sound just barely audible under the sound of running water was Bucky blowing his nose and not putting something up it.Bucky reemerged a little while later, sans trash can, steadier on his feet. Great. “Look, so,” Bucky said, not looking anywhere near Steve, “I should let you know. If we can’t have drugs here, then … Which is, look, I am not saying it’s not cool for you to say that. Because it’s totally cool. I understand 1,000 percent. But since you said it, well, I figure I probably won’t plan all that  much here anymore, so I wanted to ask if you wanted to …”No TV cliffhanger had  ever baited Steve’s breath like that unfinished sentence. “So you wanted to ask if I wanted to ...?”“Nevermind. I just wanted to let you know that. It was so solid of you to let us use it. I’m sorry about anything I might have done. If there’s anything I need to make up to you, please let me know.” He made for the doorway, which Steve was entirely blocking. “Can I …?”Steve backed up into the hallway, and Bucky started toward the front door.“I mean,” Steve floundered, “okay, I understand. Fair enough. Makes sense. You gotta do what you gotta do.”Bucky’s back didn’t respond and Bucky unlocked the front door. No, no, no, no, no.  Adrenaline hit Steve, and he opened his mouth. “Although I mean—is it really that important,” he said, “that you to be able to do drugs  everywhere  you go,  all the time?”Bucky’s hand froze on the doorknob. “You don’t know me,” he said. “Why would you say that? How could you think you know a thing like that?” It’s a long story. “Am I wrong?”“Of course you’re wrong.”“Then why don’t you–”Bucky turned and fixed Steve with such a penetrating look, Steve shut his mouth. He didn’t think he’d ever seen Bucky’s eyes look that focused.It would have been hot if Bucky hadn’t also looked tense and angry.“What are we really talking about here?” Bucky asked.Steve’s mouth went dry. Could Bucky know how Steve felt?  How? Well, Steve realized. Of  course Bucky could know. It wasn’t like they hadn’t flirted. And it wasn’t like Steve hadn’t already revealed exactly how alone he was.Steve felt smelly and silly in the T-shirt he’d been wearing since the day before, sitting there in his chair, in his socked feet. Did he even know where his shoes  were  ? No. No, he did not.  Where were his shoes ?
 I’m an idiot. 
“I’m sorry,” Steve said finally.“It’s fine.” Bucky opened the front door. “You’re fine. I’m sorry I said it like that. You didn’t do anything wrong.”“Yeah, I did. That was uncalled for.”“Then consider us even,” Bucky said. “Thanks for the bed. Seriously. And uh. Take care of yourself.”Being left completely alone in his house felt a whole lot worse than being left alone with a unconscious Bucky nearby just a few hours earlier.~*~Bucky didn’t come back. A week passed, and Steve missed two work deadlines. He cooked so much that he had to place a second grocery order in the same week, and ended up throwing away enough leftovers to feed two people for a month.Then Natasha showed up. She knocked on the back door, smiling behind sunglasses, and asked whether – since Bucky didn’t want to use it anymore –  she could use the pool. “No drugs,” she said. “Just swimming.”Steve said yes, of course. So over the next few weeks, Natasha and a few friends of hers started coming by (sans Bucky). Their affairs were much lower-key than Bucky’s had been and, sometimes, Natasha even just showed up by herself and laid by the pool texting.These gatherings didn’t interest Steve. He didn’t watch.Maybe he’d learned his lesson, he thought.Then, on a Wednesday, sitting in front of his desk, with Little Motherfucker curled in his lap and about 5,000 tabs open on his computer,  none  of which he’d even  begun to read,  Steve heard himself let out a  growl. He growled.Little Motherfucker looked up at him and meowed silently as Steve clapped a surprised hand over his mouth.“Sorry, girl,” he said.… And that was it. Steve clicked out of his browser, letting all the tabs close at once, and rolled with swift efficient movements to his back door. Blindly, he grabbed a magazine from the stack on his coffee table, and went outside.The back door shut behind him, and he realized he didn’t even remember whether it locked automatically behind him; that would be bad. But when he tried it, it opened again.And, of  course  it did. He locked it manually every time he had to shut it from the inside.
 I’m losing it. 
But then Steve turned around, and looked out at his backyard and the school campus beyond. No wonder people want to hang out here. It really was beautiful. How much did he pay the lawn guy? Probably not enough. The water glittered in the golden afternoon, azul tile pristine. The palms lilted around the pool’s edge, nestled in their rock beds.Beyond Steve’s gate, the Trinity University campus was a tree-lined, flower-bedecked, well-manicured confection. A smattering of students moved up and down the hill that blocked the rest of the campus from view; a group of three was even laid out on a blanket on the grass, looking at their phones and laughing.Fear swooped through Steve’s stomach, but just for a second. His hands spasmed on the magazine.But … he took a deep breath.The sun was warm on his arms and face. It actually was. He’d thought maybe it would be, but dismissed the thought as the feverish imagination of someone who felt irrationally guilty about his lifestyle choices.But, no. The sun was warm.Steve almost laughed to himself. What would the internet say if he told them he’d  gone outside after all?He stationed himself beside the patio table, and opened the magazine.It was a three-year-old New Yorker, so some of the pieces were no longer relevant. But between the feel of the sun on his skin and an engaging article on poaching, Steve found that within a half an hour he felt better than he had in weeks. His breathing slowed, his heart rate calmed down. He felt his shoulders relax.“Hey.”Steve looked up to see Bruce leaning on the gate.And, shit. His heart rate sped right back up. “Hey.”Bruce adjusted the messenger bag he wore. “How’s it going?”“Great,” Steve said. It occurred to him, pointlessly, to hope that Bruce couldn’t tell how old his magazine was.“I hope.” Bruce adjusted the bag strap again, and Steve began to suspect there was nothing wrong with how the bag was actually situated. “Bucky didn’t say or do anything …”“No, he was fine.”  Is he fine? Bruce nodded. “Good.”“How are you?”  Why am I asking that? “I’m well. School’s good. Did you go to Trinity?”“No, uh. Self taught.”“Oh, wow. That’s way better.”“Is it?”“Trust me. It is.”A silence fell. “Well, anyway,” Bruce said. “Just wanted to say hi.”Steve blinked. “Hi,” he said.Bruce smiled at him sidelong, but he nodded and went on his way.Steve’s head fell backward to rest on the edge of his chair.That hadn’t been so bad.~*~Steve started sitting on his patio in the evenings.Mostly he read, or pretended to, and within a week he had a reason to order some new actual printed books online for the first time in years.But also … he just stared. At the water, at the campus, at the sky. He would never, ever have told anyone how different the sky looked when it wasn’t pixels. He would never have suggested that purple and blue are just  different in person than on a screen. He would never say how much more whole a real breeze felt than did the breeze from an air conditioner.And if the warmth of the sun actually made him tear up a little the first few days, that was definitely because he had a vitamin D deficiency.Because, no. He didn’t go outside from some … what? Some aesthetic, pastoral impulse toward health. He wasn’t an idiot or a sap.And he didn’t go outside to wave to the college kids. Though, he did wave at the college students.So why  did he go outside? He went outside … because he could. It was his patio, after all. If Natasha was going to use his yard, he damn well could use it too.… Okay. He went outside because he liked it. Okay? Okay.He kind of liked waving at Bruce, Natasha, and the dark haired girl from that first night, Darcy. And he liked his landscaping.On a Friday a few weeks after Steve started going outside, he was rereading a William Gibson novel – which is to say, he was completely engrossed in a cyberpunk world and had no idea where or who he actually was – when a hand appeared over the text in front of him, and he was abruptly returned to earth.When he lifted his eyes, the hand turned out to be attached to Bruce. “Well hello,” Steve said.“Hello. I called your name but you didn’t notice. I decided I had to know what you were reading.”Steve held up the book.Bruce scoffed. “Are you kidding me? I fell asleep literally every time I tried to read that.”“That tells me everything I’ll ever need to know about you,” Steve said, and his own voice sounded funny to his ears. There had been a time – five years ago now? Six? – when he had bantered, teased, and joked like anybody. But that guy was in the past, and it felt weird to hear him talking.“I feel like I could say the same about you,” Bruce said. “Cyberpunk assholes are going to get less and less cool.”Steve shrugged. “That’s fine. We still run the internet.”“No, Silicon Valley runs the internet, and Silicon Valley only thinks they’re Cyberpunk assholes. They’re actually just capitalists.”Immediately, Steve’s opinion of Bruce shot up. “Do you want to sit?” he asked, gesturing to the chair across from him. “Unless you have class.”The afternoon sun warmed the patio, but didn’t bake it; the sky stretched out clear and blue above them. Steve couldn’t imagine anyone  not wanting to take a little time to themself on a day like this.Bruce considered. But then he sat. He sank into the chair slowly, like his back pained him, so Steve looked elsewhere until he was situated.…  Oh, shit  . Steve didn’t know what to say next. What did people talk about?  Shit.  What  did people–“So, Steve,” Bruce said. “You’re self-educated. What do you do?”
 Themselves! Each other! That’s what people talked about! 
If a person could slap himself for sheer stupidity, Steve would have done it in that moment. But after a second he answered.Bruce looked impressed. “So you’re my role model, then,” he said. “I’m a computer science major. It’s guys like you who’ll be telling me what to do, if I ever get a job once I’m out of here.”“But it’s guys like you who’ll end up running the company later.”“I sure hope not.” Bruce smiled. “Maybe a nonprofit.”Steve liked this guy more and more.  Guess there are other people than Bucky,  he thought.  Imagine that. They talked about code, about William Gibson, about futurism, and about democratic socialism. It was, Steve realized about an hour in, a  much  more substantive conversation than he’d had with Bucky at  any point.(...But why, exactly, was he comparing everything and everyone to Bucky?)As the sun sunk, so did Steve’s guard, and he felt it happening. He retrieved them ales, and Steve managed to drink one of the things for the first time since Bucky had stopped coming around.“I’d do it, too, if it wasn’t for this chair,” Steve heard himself saying. Night had come, and the patio light made a yellow island of the table and their two chairs. “I have the money I’d need to get the house built with enough solar panels and a generator. It would be nice to have a greenhouse, but it isn’t necessary.” He hadn’t told anyone this, ever: About how he dreamed of building a home off the grid. “You could even–”He gestured too broadly, and knocked his novel on the ground. “Oh.”It fell, quite obviously, just a few inches from Steve’s chair. Which was to say, several feet away from Bruce’s.But, immediately, Steve saw that it was going to happen anyway.It was going to happen anyway.Steve rushed to get his hand to his grabber, saying, “Don’t”–Bruce was already up and out of his chair, kneeling to scoop up the book. “Don’t worry, I got it,” he said.He set it back on the table by Steve.
 … Oh, fuck. 
When it happened, Steve felt it on some level like it was happening to someone else. He knew, or part of him knew, how stupid it was. How pointless. How much trouble it had gotten him into  – and would, apparently, continue to get him into.But rage filled him up like an energy. Every laugh Bruce had laughed during their conversation turned rotten in an instant. Every barbed remark Bruce had tossed, Steve realized it could have been aimed for him. Shut up shut up shut up. I did it to myself. I did this to  myself  , Bruce, shut up. His heart sped up again, ready for a fight that would never come, and he had to deliberately loosen his tensing muscles.“Oh. Thanks,” Steve said.His tone was wrong, though. It couldn’t be otherwise. Bruce’s eyes sharped on Steve. “You okay?”“Fine. I just remembered I have to be getting in. I have an early call.”The pause before Bruce spoke told Steve he knew something had happened. But he didn’t say anything about it. “Okay,” Bruce said.It couldn’t have been two minutes later that Bruce turned at the gate to wave goodbye, and Steve pretended not to see it. He picked up his book, took it inside, and shut the door behind him.~*~The next day, Saturday, Steve did not go outside.He didn’t  need to go out every day, he reasoned. He felt better already for having spent time in the sun. More relaxed, more focused. It really, probably, had been a vitamin D deficiency. Now, it was cured. If the restlessness came back, he’d go outside again.When Bruce arrived a few days later for a planned hang-out they’d settled on, Steve hunkered down in his bedroom, silent, and eventually Bruce went away.But it only took a week for the restlessness to come back, like a skittish pony in the room with him while he tried to work or volunteer or even  play a fucking video game. The image of a sky or a lake on his computer made him angry. The AC kicking on and pumping cool air on his face felt like a right hook, and he wanted to fight back – but there was no one there.On a Friday he wheeled to the back door, and stared at it. For a while, he’d been keeping the blackout curtains on the door’s window open. Those curtains were shut now. But he stared at them, at the little glimmers of light coming in around the edges.Little Motherfucker stood beside the door and meowed a silent meow.“Open the door,” he told her.
 Meow. 
“Can you open the door, girl?”
 Meow. Meow. 
“Can you  fucking open the door?”She cocked her head. Then she climbed into his lap.Steve collapsed back into his chair. “Me neither.”He cooked dinner, picked at it, and threw it away.At 5:55 a.m. that morning, having been continuously awake for almost 40 hours for no reason whatsoever, Steve Rogers reached out to his bedside table as he often did when he was afraid, to feel the metal of his handgun. I literally,  he thought,  cannot go on like this. 



Chapter 5



But Steve didn’t use the gun. And of course he didn’t. What the fuck did he want? To end up half brain-dead and on a life support machine? While there would be a certain symmetry to it, no.So he didn’t use the gun. He didn’t do anything. He just laid in bed for five more minutes until the alarm went off at 6 a.m. Then he made coffee, made breakfast, threw breakfast away wholesale, and checked his email.Bleary-eyed and dumbstruck, he found himself staring at his monitor and completing work projects like a man possessed. Pain in his legs flared up again that day, for the first time in a while; but it did tend to go in cycles like that, so he tried not to think it was some kind of a statement from his body. He put the hot water bottle under the blanket he always wore over his legs and pretended the pain wasn’t happening, which was his normal reaction, so at least something felt normal.For lunch, he didn’t even bother cooking. He opened the fridge, stared at the eggs and meat and cauliflower, closed the fridge, opened the fridge again, and squinted at his copious supply of ale.… It seemed to work for Bucky, didn’t it? And it would probably help with the pain.But Steve shook his head and threw the idea off like an ill-fitting shirt. He poured more coffee and sat drinking it, staring at his back door.Just. Staring at it. Did he hear – distantly – the sound of students calling to one another? He’d never heard that sound before he’d ventured outside. Why would he hear it now?And then Little Motherfucker settled on his lap, just as an idea settled on his mind:
 I should make a plan. 
That’s what a person did, right? That’s what Steve always did. When there was a problem, he opened a up a spreadsheet or pulled out a notebook and he made a plan. Just like the house he would have built had been a plan. Just like his adaptations to this home had been a plan. Just like the funerals for his parents had started out as plans scratched on receipts as he sat alone in a hotel room. Just like the life he led  now had once been his plan. He could make a plan for a new life.
 Skype therapy sessions. Exposure therapy? Started that already, so that’s good. Medication? No. Not ready for that. Forums! Support forums. Good idea. Books? Yes. Books. I wonder if there are books on … agoraphobia? Do I have agoraphobia? I might have agoraphobia. 
Would there be books on how to stop cope-cooking?He laughed aloud at himself.In response, Little Motherfucker headbutted his chest.~*~As Steve closed out of work that night – he always made a show of exiting all work-related tabs, to  try at least to signal to his brain that work time was over – a knock at the front door froze him and stopped his breath.He sat with his finger in the air, poised in the act of clicking.
 Did I really hear that? 
But the knock came again, answering that question. Well, Steve thought. If he was going to start deliberately, intentionally moving forward, then he should answer the fucking door.He would answer the fucking door.Slowly, feeling weirdly like he was approaching a wild animal, Steve eased his way up to it. The curtains were closed again, so he couldn’t see who it was; and  damn his past self for that, honestly.He arrived at the door and, only at that moment, realized how quietly and carefully he’d made his approach.The knocking came again. “Hey, Steve?”For the second time in five minutes, Steve froze. Because it was  Bucky’s voice.Too many emotions competed, the symphony discordant. Open the door. Get away. Wait. Wait a minute. See what happens. Fuck this guy. He’s trouble. He started all this misery. Open the door.
 Open the door. 
The doorknob was smooth and cold under Steve’s fingertips.  Should  he open the door? What would it  mean ?
It would mean you fucking opened the door, Steve. It’s not that deep.
He didn’t have to care what Bucky had to say. He didn’t have to reinvest. All he had to do was  open the door. … That still, honestly, seemed pretty difficult.“Bucky?”A pause. “Steve, hey. Are … you okay?”“Fine. What’s up?”Another pause. “Are you busy?” Why, because you know I’m  literally never  busy? “Depends what you mean by busy.”“Like. Can you hang out? Tonight? Or any time. Not just tonight. It’s just, we don’t have each others numbers, or I would’ve texted.”Even saying that many words at once, Bucky’s dictation held up. He was either sober, or getting better at hiding it when he slurred.Steve’s eyes started to sting from how tired he was, and he rubbed at them. How did he even feel about Bucky? Definitely, yes – he could admit it – Bucky had done something to Steve. But was any of what Bucky had done  about Bucky? Steve didn’t even know him.Yet even as he asked himself that question, images floated up into his mind’s eye and made his whole body tingle with fear and joy: Bucky smiling on his back porch in that V-neck, Bucky leaning against his door frame to steady himself, Bucky with bloodshot eyes yelling at college students to stop smoking pot. The smell of sunscreen and beer when Bucky had come into Steve’s living room before Rumlow punched him. What did Bucky smell like, Steve wondered, underneath the sunscreen and beer?Especially, under the beer. And what would Bucky look like, if it wasn’t for the beer, and the rest of it … ?He cut that trail of thought off at the head.
This is all insane.
Well. Maybe it was time for a little insane.  I’ll write it into the plan. He unlocked the door and backed up. “It’s unlocked.”Soft early evening spilled into the room and deposited Bucky on the tile of Steve’s tiny foyer. When the door shut behind him, Steve immediately missed the sliver of purple sky he’d glimpsed.But he didn’t think about missing it long.Bucky stood with his feet too close together, hugging himself. His crewneck T-shirt And sweatpants looked slept-in, but the broad smile on Bucky’s face seemed to be trying to say that everything was alright. At least he didn’t appear to have any new injuries, and the ones he’d had were faded.And then again … his foot jangled as he stood there, and he kept changing how his hands were situated.“Are you high?” Steve asked.  Fuck, seriously Rogers? “Well hello to you too.”“Sorry. It’s just – you seem kinda wired.”“Too much caffeine. Way too much. So yeah, I guess I’m technically high, but it’s legal, okay?”Steve put his hands up. “Okay,” he said. “I won’t offer you coffee, then.”“Please, no.”They faced each other in the foyer, Bucky’s feet shuffling on the tile as Steve scooted back and forth in place a bit.“So, uh,” Steve said finally, “you said you wanted to hang out sometime?”“Or now?” Bucky said, running a hand through his hair and shrugging.“Now is good.” Honestly, Steve’s mental attempt to stop himself from adding, “Have you eaten?” was nominal at best.Bucky shook his head. “I – haven’t eaten dinner, no.” Will you eat dinner? Ever? At any point in your life? “I have leftovers,” Steve said. “I can just heat something up. Or I could cook something quick, you could use the TV. Or – you know what? People order pizza. That’s a thing people do. Or chinese. Do you want to order pizza or chinese?”Bucky’s smile turned amused. “I’m not really  that  hungry,” he said. How? How the fuck? “Do you like pasta? Everyone likes pasta, and I have some leftover alfredo, with side salads.”“Sure.”“We could watch a movie. Or play a game. I have Overwatch, and I’m set up both in the living room and in my bedroom, we could –”“A movie’s fine,” Bucky laughed. “Can we keep it low key? I’m–I might have had a lot of coffee, but I’m still kinda …” He made a circular hand motion around his head. “Everywhere. Tired, I guess. I just …” His face pinched. “Sorry, that was kind of dickish. Like, what, we make friends, I throw up in your trash can, I don’t come around for two months, and then when I do show up again I’m like, Sorry Steve, can we keep it low key, I only come to your house when I’m too tired to  do anything.” He stopped, and winced. “Sorry.”Was this some kind of an act? Or was Bucky Barnes actually that cute and guileless?  God I hope he’s just that cute and guileless. “It’s not dickish at all,” Steve said. “I couldn’t mind less. I would love to keep it low key. I haven’t slept in …” He checked his phone. “Well over 48 hours.”“ Why not?” Was Bucky … did Bucky look worried? Was this the greatest day of Steve’s life?Steve shrugged. “Just couldn’t. Now if you wanna go sit on a recliner, I’ll grab salad and pasta. You can look for a movie on there, all my accounts are hooked up to the Playstation. Oh, and uh.” Steve tilted his head. “You want anything to drink?”“What do you have?”Uncertainty rose up in Steve like a bubble. He swallowed. “Soy milk, orange juice, hot tea, ale, La Croix.” He tried very, very hard to keep his voice neutral on all counts.Bucky’s interest appeared to be piqued by something, because he nodded and said, “Oh yeah, what kind of hot tea? Do you have anything without caffeine?”It was the greatest day of Steve’s life. “Peppermint, chamomile, cinnamon rooibos.”Bucky blinked at that, blank faced. “You pick?”“Sure.”Steve made him chamomile, and hated himself for it. He hated himself because chamomile was for sick people, or people in need of comfort and care. And Steve was an idiot, a shut-in, hacker, homosexual idiot, and he wanted to somehow make Bucky swallow down all the warmth and comfort Steve imagined (in his fevered, lonely brain) that Bucky needed. Steve Rogers,  he thought as he put pasta in the oven to re-warm it,  you are half in love with a drug-abusing, fight-starting, unreliable college student you know almost nothing about. … It be like that sometimes.He put the pasta, salads, and drinks on trays, and carried them into the living room.Bucky perked up to smile when Steve came into the room, but that just pointed out to Steve how slack and exhausted his features had looked in the second before he registered Steve’s presence.Steve did his best to give Bucky a big enough return smile to make up for it.They settled in with TV trays – Steve wondered anxiously at first whether Bucky judged him for having TV trays, but Bucky gave no indication that he did, so Steve did his best to push the thought away.“When was the last time you watched  Fight the Future ?”Bucky’s eyes actually kind of lit up, and a little flood of warmth washed over Steve. “It’s been years!” Bucky said. “What a good idea.”Steve put the movie on, and pulled his tray closer.Presumably, Steve was focused on his own meal then.But actually, Steve watched from the corner of his eye as Bucky approach  his food.Bucky picked up his fork like it might be hot. He poked at the salad with it. “I forgot about this scene,” he said, eyes fixed on the romaine.On the screen, Mulder sat in a bar. “I forgot  most of this movie, I think,” Steve said.Bucky laughed, and poked at his salad again. He wasn’t eating it but, boy, was he looking at it.A few scenes into the movie, Steve tired of watching Bucky not eat and raised his own fork to his lips, only to realize that he was ravenous. He ate all the salad, then all the pasta, and he kind of wanted seconds.Suddenly, in a flurry of movement, Bucky stood up. “I have to …” He bolted for the hallway, turning into the guest room. Pee? Steve just blinked at the doorway he’d disappeared through.Then he paused the movie. “You know,” he called. “There’s a bathroom off the hallway too.”There was no answer. Just the sound of running water, and then flushing.Steve dared a glance at Bucky’s plate. He had eaten, a little. Maybe a fifth of the pasta and a few bites of greens.Bucky returned, rubbing the back of his neck. “Sorry.”“For going to the bathroom?” Steve asked, moving toward the kitchen. “I’m getting seconds. Need anything?”“More tea? Maybe peppermint this time.”Amazing. Wonderful. Marvelous. “Sure.”The rest of the evening passed quietly. The movie was as much campy fun as Steve remembered. Bucky laughed and reacted and existed on the recliner beside Steve.For every glance Steve stole at Bucky during the movie, a question rose up in his mind: What is your story? Where did you come from? Why are you in my living room? When was the last time you slept? Do you even run on human nutrition? What kind of a hugger are you? Do you  like  hugging? Jesus Christ. Jesus H. Motherfucking Christ in a handbasket.The movie ended, and Steve paused it just before the credits started. “That was a trip.”“I suddenly want to watch some episodes.”Steve would rather talk to Bucky. “I own them all on Amazon.”Bucky’s eyelids had begun to droop, and Steve watched as he smiled anyway. The resulting sleepy smile was all the sweeter for being fueled, as far as Steve knew, only by peppermint tea and chamomile.They ended up doing both: They half-watched some episodes and talked in between.“So’s school any better?”Bucky shrugged and sipped tea. “Sort of. It doesn’t define me. I’ll still be me if I don’t finish. Or if I have to finish somewhere else or something.”That … didn’t sound better. “That’s true.”“How’s work? Did you have anything to do with that leak everyone’s talking about?”“I can neither confirm nor deny.”  Absolutely not. I’ve been half-dead. Bucky laughed, and Steve realized that his subconscious had already begun to categorize Bucky laughs: Drunk and sloppy; drunk but still pretty happy; self-deprecating; actually joyful. This was the last one.They talked about Steve’s work. Steve almost hated it, since what he really wanted to talk about was what was going on with Bucky.But … he felt somehow like that subject was more or less off limits.Bucky yawned as the third episode ended. “You could stay the night again,” Steve said, with a valiant attempt at sounding casual. “Not that you–need to. I know. But like …”Bucky raised his eyebrows, face serious, and if Steve didn’t know any better he’d have called the expression suggestive. “Steve,” he said. “You don’t gotta explain. I deeply understand the appeal of a sleepover.”“A … sleepover?”“Right. Like when you sleep over at your–friend’s house or whatever when your kids? Borrow each others’ Spiderman blankets and make pancakes in the morning? Like that.”“Yeah!” Steve said, trying to cover the flush he suspected was creeping onto his face with enthusiasm. “Exactly. Do you like pancakes?”“Of course I like pancakes.”Steve did not have the ingredients to make pancakes. “We’ll make pancakes.”Bucky’s smile fell into the last category again. “Awesome.”Was there a better feeling, Steve wondered, then making up a bed for a sleepover? Yeah,  a different part of his brain answered.  Having the kind of sleepover where you don’t have to make up the extra bed. “Oh, Steve,” Bucky said just before Steve went into his room for the night. “Can I use the Playstation if I keep the volume off, during the night? I’m not so sure I’ll actually be sleeping much.”Steve paused in the doorway to his room. “Of course. Goodnight, Bucky.”“Goodnight, Steve.”As Steve placed an express grocery delivery order for 7 a.m., he tried very hard not to wonder why Bucky was so sure he wouldn’t sleep, and whether there was something Steve might have been able to do to help, if he just had the courage to offer.~*~Steve slept so hard that night that when he woke in the morning he had no clear recollection of trying to fall asleep. He must have simply closed his eyes and gone out.Morning light squeezed in around his blackout curtains. In the living room, he heard the faint sound of a phone keyboard.So had Bucky not slept at all, or had he just woken up?The bedside clock said … 7:10 a.m. And if that didn’t answer Steve’s question, the way Bucky looked as Steve came into the living room did. The whites of his eyes were more red than actually white. His paleness was almost ashen. His hair stuck up in so many directions, Steve could only imagine it took many hours of nervously running his hands through it for it to get like that.But he gave Steve a slight, genuine smile. “You’re up early,” he said. “But you probably always get up early.”When I sleep at all. “I try to. Did you sleep?”Bucky shrugged and pocketed his phone. “Does microsleep count?”“Microsleep?” Steve moved to the front door and retrieved the groceries he’d ordered, then moved into the kitchen and starting setting the scene for cooking breakfast. “That sounds like something. Any idea what’s causing your insomnia?” My, aren’t we brave this morning.Bucky’s eyes followed Steve, and Bucky came up to lean on the low breakfast bar that separated the living room and kitchen. “I definitely have  some idea,” he said. “Whatcha doing?”“Making pancakes, duh. Some idea?”“Mmhm.” Bucky leaned forward until he was practically prone on the broad, low breakfast bar, forehead resting on the cool marble. “Can I help cook?” he asked, voice muffled by the countertop.Steve’s mouth quirked on its own. “Yes, but you will have to at least sit up.”With a sigh, Bucky levered himself up so he was perched on the edge of the bar.For a while, they just cooked. Steve let Bucky mix everything; mixing was easy and soothing.“You know,” Bucky said as he whisked eggs, “there’s a note on your back door. It’s been there for weeks.”“... A note?”“From Bruce.”Shit. “Oh. Weird. Guess I missed him.”The obviousness of Steve’s prevarication was lost on exactly no one. “Guess so,” Bucky said, eyebrow raised in humor. “We could go look at it. And eat on the patio.”Steve had to grit his teeth. “I’m not sure,” he said. “What’s the weather like?”Bucky hopped down from the counter, crossed the living room, peaked outside, touched the glass of the window, and returned. “It’s gorgeous.” That’s not the weather I meant. Steve swallowed.But Bucky said, “Okay. That’s okay. No big deal. Do you want me to get it for you? The note, I mean.”Steve’s exhale came out audible and relieved-sounding, and he hated that. “Um. Sure.”“He’s sorry, by the way. That’s what the note says.”“Sorry?” Steve’s voice was way too high.“Right. For anything he did to offend you. Any small thing. Like …” Bucky’s tone invited Steve to fill in the sentence.He frowned instead. “I don’t know what you mean. What are you saying?”The eggs had gotten way over-mixed, so Steve took them away. The whisk dripped onto the counter as Bucky held it away from his body like a lit sparkler. “Most people don’t know any better,” Bucky said. “Most people don’t get that you have to judge whether that kind of thing is okay based on the person. They’ve never had to think about it.”The eggs were hopeless. They sloshed, full of air bubbles, as Steve heated butter for them. “Oh, but you have?” he heard himself say.“Yeah.”“And why would that be? Why would you need to be so enlightened?” If it was possible, and it shouldn’t have been, Bucky’s face went even whiter. “I just Googled it once and read some stuff. It doesn’t matter.”The eggs will be fine, Steve. He swirled them in the bowl. The butter started to spit, and he dumped them into the pan. “Okay,” he said.“So.” Bucky had come around to rinse the whisk in the sink, and he turned on the tap. “Um. I’ve been meaning to ask.”A million unfortunate candidates for what Bucky had been meaning to ask clamored at Steve. “Yeah?”“Do you like boardgames?”Steve’s hackles fell immediately. Bucky was a magic spell of some kind, Steve decided. “Those kinda take … you know. Friends.”“Oh, true. Well would you want to try? My sister likes boardgames, so I’ve been trying to get into them.”“You have a sister?”“Or – my cousin. I meant to say my cousin. Sorry. I don’t really know her. But it seems like such a cool hobby, she’s always posting pics of it on Instagram.”O … kay. “That’s cool. I don’t know much about them. Battleship, Monopoly … Life?”Buck laughed. “Absolutely not,” he said. “There’s a whole world of better games than that.”This discussion took them to the end of cooking breakfast. When they finished, they had a breakfast feast fit for four people instead of one – since Bucky would probably not eat – and Steve had developed a keen curiosity about a card game called  Star Realms. “I think maybe we can eat outside after all,” Steve said, cutting into a halting disquisition on the definition of a “eurogame.”“Oh!" Bucky said. “Great.”They got themselves trays of food and coffee. Steve took it upon himself to plate the food for them both, so that Bucky didn’t get the chance to like ... not serve himself very much, or something. They’d made all this damn food at Bucky was  going to at least pick at it and Steve would brook no argument.But … as Steve ladled the veggie-sausage-egg scramble onto plates beside the pancakes, Bucky appeared at his elbow. “That smells so fucking good,” Bucky said.“Agreed.”Then, Bucky’s stomach growled.Steve paused, and turned to look up at Bucky, eyebrows raised.Bucky blushed, his hand moving to his abdomen and pressing down in surprise.Steve opted not to say anything, and finished plating the food.He managed to maneuver the situation such that Bucky was the one who had to open the back door, and a few minutes later they sat across from one another on the patio, steaming plates between them.… It wasn’t so bad. It was alright. No one was around – it wasn’t even 8:30 a.m. yet, so college kids were still asleep. So it wasn’t so bad.Bucky picked up a fork and a knife, and started talking again about “eurogames,” but then he put a huge bite of pancakes into his mouth and literally shut himself up.Steve tried very hard to pretend he wasn’t transfixed by this, and cut into his own stack of flapjacks.The eurogame speech did not pick back up. Bucky’s focus had absolutely changed. Fork and knife moving, glass of orange juice draining, Bucky intently made his way through both pancakes and scramble. Steve made stabs at conversation while Bucky ate – and Steve did eat his own food, but in a distracted way, like he was also simultaneously trying to watch the greatest movie ever made – and Bucky mostly smiled and laughed in answer, which was absolutely fine.“Jesus, that was good,” Bucky said, taking his last bite of scramble. His plate was clean. “I couldn’t tell you the last time I had home c–well, I guess I could. Sorry.” His cheeks went pink again. Which was basically adorable.“I’m glad you liked it,” Steve said. “Want seconds?”Bucky winced. “Let’s not push it.”What is “it”? “Sure.”A yawn broke over Bucky’s face, and he stretched. “God, I’m tired.” He looked it. His eyes were unfocused again, though this was a different kind of unfocused.“You could … try to take a nap. Sometimes food helps.”“What if I did do that?” Bucky asked. “Would that be terrible? I sleep over at your place and then just crash in your guest room during the day, too?”“I can’t imagine how that could be terrible,” Steve said, smiling. “By all means. I think … I’m going to stay out here a while.”Bucky squeezed Steve’s shoulder as he passed.When he was gone, Steve could not have said how long he just sat there thinking of that squeeze, staring at the trees.~*~After a while Steve pulled his current novel out of a pocket on his chair, and read. By 9:30 a.m., a few kids were moving slowly on the paths, but no one bothered Steve, so Steve just read and breathed in the scents of spring.Then the back door opened, and Bucky sunk into the chair opposite Steve. He brought one knee up to his chest, draped an arm over it, and buried his face in the crook of his elbow.His other hand, he sat on the table halfway between himself and Steve, and Steve noticed for the first time that one of his fingers had healed bent, a little. Was Bucky right handed? Steve couldn’t remember. Did he know?“I think,” Bucky said, “I might actually be even more tired just from trying to take a nap, like I reminded my brain that sleep exists without actually getting any.”Steve looked at Bucky sympathetically, though Bucky couldn’t see it. “I’m sorry,” he said. “I hope it’s not the bed.”Bucky’s head rocked back and forth on his arm. “Not the bed. Have you ever been so tired, it felt kind of like your skin has stopped feeling things? Like your body has begun to shut down functions it doesn’t absolutely require to remain in homeostasis?”Oh, my god. “I don’t – think so.”Bucky grunted.Then something terrible happened. Steve’s hand shot out, of its own accord, and covered Bucky’s hand on the table.Steve squeezed.For a second – one, blissful second – Bucky squeezed back.Then his head popped up, and his bleary eyes fixed on Steve. His hand withdrew, and he sat up straight. “Look,” he said. “I gotta go. I have a lot of homework today.”Steve’s mouth fell open, but no sound came out.“But, um,” Bucky went on, digging in the pocket of his sweatshirt. He pulled out his phone. “Let me give you all our numbers.”By the time Bucky had given Steve his, Bruce’s, and Natasha’s numbers, Steve’s panic and self-loathing had ebbed a little.A little.“Come back any time,” Steve said as Bucky stood.  Any time, Rogers?  Any  time? Are you  trying  to sound desperate? Bucky’s head looked too heavy for his body, and his smile wavered like uncalm water.“Or, you know,” Steve added without consulting himself first, “tonight, even.” It would be Saturday night. A wonderful choice for nights upon which to keep Bucky safe.“I don’t know,” Bucky said, slowly. He laughed, but it sounded mechanical. “You’re too nice to me. I should probably pay you for the amount of times you’ve fed me.” Is that how friendship works?  “I mean, you  did give me a gift basket.”“I owe you at least two more.”Inspiration struck. “Why don’t you bring some ingredients tonight? You bring the ingredients, I teach you to cook.”Bucky’s teeth worried at his lip for a second, but then he said, “Okay. Sure. Send me a list.”A minute after Bucky left, Steve composed the text message telling Bucky what ingredients to buy, but he forced himself to wait half an hour to send it.Then he read Bruce’s note.
 Dear Steve Rogers, 
 Bucky and I talked about it, and he says I might have offended you. If I did, I’m really sorry. Bucky gave me some ideas about  how  I offended you, but of course I can’t know for sure. If you ever wanted to tell me, I’m around. I would like to learn about this sort of thing. He ended with his phone number.Steve folded the note up and tucked it in a magazine.



Chapter 6



Bucky did come back that night. And he did bring the ingredients to eggplant parmesan.And they did cook it, and Bucky did eat it – this time, he  did get seconds, and ended the meal leaned back in his chair, sipping tea and looking like a man feeling pleasantly replete.And they did have a wonderful time, and they did talk more about  The X-Files . They even talked about politics for the first time, and found that they had little cause for disagreement.And they played  Star Realms,  which was definitely more fun than  Battleship  or  Monopoly, and not just because Bucky’s smile the whole time was genuine.What they did  not do was get anywhere even remotely close to talking about any of the questions that had battered at Steve all day. Questions about Bucky, and who he was, and what was going on with him.One did not just launch into those kinds of discussions, that much even Steve knew about friendship. And, of course, not launching into those types of questions meant Bucky wouldn’t have reason to get angry, leave, and not come back for two months.But Steve still couldn’t help but wonder … did Bucky wonder about Steve the way Steve wondered about Bucky? Did Bucky ask himself,  Why’s he in that chair? Why doesn’t he go outside? Why does he choose to be alone? Steve watched Bucky whenever he thought Bucky wasn’t looking, but no amount of scrutiny of Bucky’s  Habitat for Humanity T-shirt or dark-wash jeans or pale, thin face told Steve anything.Then again … there was a time or two when Steve thought he caught Bucky looking likewise at  him. For now, that would have to do.As the evening wound down – or, wound down for Steve, since it was only about 10:45 p.m. – Steve’s heart sped up and refused to slow down, because what he  wanted was to ask Bucky to stay the night again, but he absolutely couldn’t think of a way to broach that subject without seeming desperate, clingy, and maybe even controlling.Bucky yawned and tossed his cards down onto the patio table. “You win,” he said. Steve had won. For the first time. In game six. “The student has exceeded the teacher. It’s over for me. Behead me now. There can be only one.”“Is that like … an attempt at a Highlander reference? How old are you?”“Twenty-two. Did you not know that?”Wasn’t that old for a sophomore? “I guess I didn’t.”Bucky yawned again. He looked, still, like his head was way too heavy to keep up; even as Steve watched, Bucky blinked, long and slow, like getting his eyes back open again after blinking them was an effort. “Can I stay here again?” Bucky asked.It was night, but it was like the sky had opened up and bathed Steve in light. “Of course.”“Thank you. I really am sorry about … But I guess you don’t mind. Right? You know you can tell me if you do mind?”Steve shrugged. “I don’t,” he said. “I think you might have figured out by now that I like the company.”Bucky’s hair went wild as he leaned his heavy head on one hand, fingers sliding through his own locks as he looked up at Steve through his eyelashes.  How could that not be calculated? “It’s a crime, you know.”“What’s a crime?”“That more people don’t stumble upon the cute, really nice, really funny guy in the house right by campus. That you don’t have a small army of friends who come over and make you teach them to cook.”“I … wouldn’t want that. I told you. I’m shy. I like to keep things quiet.”“I know,” Bucky said. “Still a crime.”“I think this is a compliment,” Steve said, wary, “so, thank you.”“S’a compliment,” Bucky confirmed. Then he laid his head, face-first, on the patio table.“... Bucky?”“Mm?”“You want to get in bed?”He nodded into the table.Putting Bucky to bed tonight was different from the night before. He was way less with it.  Did he take something ? But, no; Steve squashed that thought. Bucky was just exhausted. And he had a right to be, from what he said about his sleep lately.Bucky even got into bed with the light still on, which let Steve putter around making sure curtains were closed and vents were open as Bucky lay there under the blanket. “Light off?” Steve asked when he reached the door.Bucky made an affirmative noise.Steve almost felt bad, once he got into his own bed, at how quickly he felt sleep coming.~*~The next morning, Steve woke by 8 a.m., and found the living room empty. No sound or movement came through Bucky’s partly-open door. Steve brewed the coffee quietly.He took his cup outside, into the back yard, but left the back door open.Little Motherfucker came to the doorway, sniffed at the air, and perched there in the threshold, bolt upright and tail moving.Steve got absorbed in reading again as the hours passed and noon drew closer, so it came as some surprise when Bucky sunk into the chair across from him, put his feet up in the trestle underneath the table, and leaned back in a stretch. “Good morning, Stevie,” he said. “Can I call you that?”The book shut with a force of its own as Steve looked up. A slow smile lit up Bucky’s face as Steve did. Jesus Christ, Steve thought. Solid improvements in Bucky’s appearance had taken place overnight, and Steve had to hide how his breath caught – in hope, not lust. “Did you sleep?” he asked.“I did! I think I  forgot what it’s like to wake up from sleeping that long. I’m completely out of it. But it’s a much nicer kind of out of it than last night.”Steve blinked a few times so that what he was doing wouldn’t qualify as staring. The film of hazy exhaustion was gone from Bucky’s eyes; even the shadows around them had lessened. A dash of color had come back into his face.Steve’s efforts not to stare apparently failed, because even as he looked a dash of even  more color – pink – shaded Bucky’s cheeks, and Bucky looked away.But Bucky didn’t say anything, and he smiled a little.“You … want breakfast?” Steve asked after a second.“Yes, please.”With only light protestations, Bucky allowed Steve to single-handedly whip up a quick breakfast frittata, since he cooked faster alone.He also made some French toast. But not that much French toast. Just exactly enough for two people.“If you cook so much, and so well,” Bucky said once they were back on the patio and Bucky had demolished half his food already, “how do you stay so skinny?”“Hey now, it’s just my frame,” Steve said. “I’m as healthy as I can be, considering.”“It – wasn’t meant as an insult. I’m sorry. I told you, I like the way you look. It was a compliment. And also, genuine bafflement.”Steve’s heart rate normalized. “It’s – okay,” he said. “Sorry.”“ Are  you healthy?” Bucky asked. “Do you … get check ups? I only ask because, well – do doctors still make house calls? Oh, wow. You know what? Pretend I didn’t ask that. That was out of line. I take it back.” He lowered his fork and stared into the patio table. “Sorry.”Steve’s heart soared.  So he  does  wonder stupid stuff about me!  “I have a doctor who makes house calls,” Steve answered honestly. “She tells me I should –” Steve stopped. He settled for half the truth. “Go outside more often. Haven’t seen her in a few months, though.”  I probably should. “Do you own shoes, Steve?” Bucky kept his eyes on his frittata, which he was not finishing, and Steve wished desperately he could steer the conversation away from anything that made Bucky too nervous to finish his frittata. There were vegetables in that, nutrients.But – then the question Bucky had asked registered, and Steve’s own fork froze suspended above his plate. “Of course I do.”  Somewhere. “Anyway,” Bucky said, looking surprised and stricken by his own words, “I wanted to ask you. What  is – a ‘frittata’?”They finished their meal in peace and, yes, Bucky did finish his meal.“So, it’s Sunday,” Steve said when they’d both finished.Bucky sat with his chin balanced on his hand, but it looked more like he was engaged in the conversation than like he was exhausted. “Sure is.”“You got – homework?”Bucky’s eyelids fluttered, like he was hiding the fact that he was rolling his eyes. “Please don’t remind me. I was waiting to think about that until I left here.”“Fair.”Bucky heaved a sigh and sat up straight. “Speaking of which …”“You gotta get going?”“Yeah. When can I come back?”Bucky asking that question could be Beethoven's tenth. Steve spread his hands out wide and shrugged, trying to say without saying it,  Literally whenever you want .“You doing anything Wednesday night?” Bucky asked.Wednesday night was 1,000 years away. “Nope.”“Great.” Were Bucky’s lips plumper now, somehow, as he smiled? No. That was crazy. Steve was crazy.“Great,” Steve said.The restlessness that settled over Steve once Bucky left was different from the restlessness of the week before. It was … almost pleasant. After a few hours of straightening things pointlessly, he sat down at his computer, opened a Google Doc, and typed:MY PLANHe’d been at work on it – researching books, looking up therapists, copy-pasting blurbs into the “Background” section; incidentally, he did not think he was agoraphobic after all, based on the actual definition – for two hours when his  phone buzzed.  When was the last time Steve’s phone buzzed?[Bucky Barnes]School is hard.Steve felt himself smile sympathetically. He resisted the urge to reply, in all caps, AT LEAST YOU’RE DOING IT![Me]You got this tiger.[Bucky Barnes]Tiger?[Me]Isn’t that what people call each other when they’re being encouraging?[Bucky Barnes]I have no idea, but by all means continue.[Me]YOU GOT THIS TIGER![Bucky Barnes]Thank you Steve :)~*~Bucky came back on Wednesday. And that Friday night, too. And the following Sunday.They developed a routine, which evolved over the next few weeks. At first, Bucky showed up around 5 p.m. They would cook, watch movies or TV, play video games or boardgames, and talk. Whenever possible, they went outside.As a week or so passed, Bucky started coming earlier, and doing homework for a few hours in Steve’s living room while Steve worked in his bedroom. The sound of textbook pages turning and a pencil scratching soothed Steve like nothing ever had. His focus was better than he could remember it being.Most of the time after Bucky hung out, he stayed the night. And he slept, coming into the kitchen or onto the patio in the morning yawning pleasantly and rubbing his eyes.Neither man ever tried to pry into the obviously darker details of the other man’s life; and, more unhappily perhaps, no one made any moves toward anything … else.Steve had the distinct impression that Bucky would have made such a move, had he been drunk at any point during this time.But … he wasn’t drunk. He never asked for ale, and the few times Steve mentioned that it was among his drink choices, Bucky chose something else. He showed up clear-eyed and steady to every hang-out; the moroseness that came out when Bucky was drunk never manifested; and as time went on, the hours during which Bucky sent text messages stabilized into between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m., which Steve knew to be an accomplishment even for a responsible college student.If Steve didn’t know any better, honestly, he’d say Bucky wasn’t drinking or using drugs  at all during this time.The evidence was this: Bucky’s appearance, and the frequency of his genuine smile, improved steadily. As one week turned into two weeks, which turned into a month, the paleness left him, replaced by healthy coloring that moved his look away from “hot vampire” and closer toward “hot boy next door.” As the circles around his eyes faded, his gaze sharpened, his blue irises and expressive eyebrows boring into Steve with a perceptiveness and focus Steve hadn’t known was there. Once Bucky stopped arguing about all the cooking and feeding Steve was doing, and just accepted it, he quickly lost a bit of the hard, cutting thinness that he’d had since the day Steve met him.Of course, he definitely wasn’t  healthy  yet. That would take months more of cooking, sleeping, and care; years, maybe; a lifetime, maybe. (  Stop that, Steve. )But he looked much, much better. And he seemed to  feel better, too. He laughed more easily, and fewer things made his eyes go distant and distracted. He revealed himself to be an easily amused nerd, even, when he started playing light pranks: Tapping Steve on the wrong shoulder when he came up behind him, or hiding Steve’s computer mouse in the pantry as a way to tell him to actually eat lunch and not just cook it, or texting Steve out-of-context pictures and overhead conversation snippets during the day with no explanation.Plus, Bucky was obviously doing his school work. He started answering the question when Steve asked, “How’s class going?” And as the weeks went on, the confused helplessness left his face whenever he did homework at Steve’s house. An intent interest, punctuated by smiles and nods, took its place.It was  fucking sexy. They learned more about each other during this time. Steve told Bucky he was an orphan, with no extended family. He told him about having to arrange his mother’s funeral by himself. He told him in more detail about the work he did.Bucky, Steve found out, hadn’t grown up anywhere near here, and Bucky even let slip one day that he was in school on a scholarship, but he’d also taken out loans. He had a part-time job on campus working a desk, which he apparently had almost lost but had managed to retain. Steve ascertained that Bucky had a family, still, but that he might not really talk to them, and definitely didn’t talk  about them.As time went on and spring began to warm toward summer, Steve’s seering curiosity about Bucky’s full background attenuated. Steve still wanted to know everything about Bucky, including why he had felt compelled to push himself close to losing his job, his place at school, and probably his health. But, more than that, Bucky started to become, just … Bucky.Bucky, who was okay now. Bucky, doing homework in Steve’s living room with Little Motherfucker on his lap, or moving around Steve’s kitchen knowing exactly where the vegetable peeler lived, or texting Steve “good morning i guess, i have a test today and i lost my watch i think, is it in your guest room, anyway good morning! who and what am i even?” at 8:30 a.m.Bucky, who helped with the chores at Steve’s house even though Steve had never asked, but never performed  any  task that could be taken as the implication that Bucky thought Steve  couldn’t do it.If Steve hadn’t been sure he’d fallen for Bucky  before  Bucky reorganized Steve’s mess of a pantry – boldly placing things on the top shelf, even at the  back of the top shelf, as if Steve was just anybody – Steve was certainly sure of it after.Steve was joyful, for most of every day. Even when his pain came, and he had to hunker down in front of something mindless like  Friends  with a hot water bottle and gritted teeth, he had something to hold on to. He knew how tenuous this was – he had  no idea what was going on, so he had no idea what he was staking his joy on – but he did his best not to let that ruin it. Steve wouldn’t collapse if Bucky disappeared.He had a plan, and he was already starting to enact it. He was a capable adult, and he would forage ahead.But while he  did have this … he would have it. He would enjoy it.And speaking of his plan, on a Wednesday morning, Steve pulled up his contact for Bruce.[Me]Sorry I blew you off. Bucky was right. I got offended. But I’m an idiot.[Bruce Banner]You’re not an idiot. It was my bad. Steve stared at the conversation, willing either Bruce to save them or for Steve to suddenly know what he was doing.[Bruce Banner]Did you want to play some smash bros after all?[Me]Yes.Steve deleted that without sending it.[Me]yeh[Bruce Banner]Great! What about tomorrow night?Bucky wouldn’t be over that night. Which, when Steve really thought about it, was better on several levels. A) Steve wouldn’t have to try to deal with talking to two people at once, and B) He wouldn’t be in danger of using Bucky like a security blanket.So when Thursday night came around, Steve was wheeling in a circle around his bedroom, hoping he looked like human beings looked, and fighting off a stress headache when the door knock came.But, it turned out to be  fine . Bruce, looking tired but reasonably relaxed – definitely more relaxed than he had ever looked in the party scene – was kind and attentive and really bad at Super Smash Brothers.“So how’s stuff going … like, generally?” Steve asked, a few hours into their hangout. People asked each other that, right? He’d always asked Bucky that, but that was because he wanted to know the answer with a burning intensity, so he’d questioned the impulse a little less.“It’s good,” Bruce said. “It really is. I got into a PhD program at Trinity, which means I don’t have to move.”“Oh – you’re not an undergrad?”Bruce shook his head, and did something very stupid on the screen. “No. I’ll have my masters at the end of the semester.”Which would be soon, Steve realized. Or he thought it would.Also, this explained some of why Bruce would want to make friends with Steve. Most of the undergrads would move on soon. Steve wouldn’t.“Look, Steve,” Bruce said after he’d died yet again in the game. “I wanted to thank you, by the way.”“For what?”“For Bucky. I don’t know what you did to him, and I don’t need to know. It’s between you guys. I just wanted to thank you. He’s  so much better. And also, I guess, I wanted to say that if you at any point plan to stop giving him whatever it is that you’re giving him, that you let me know so I can … prepare myself.”Steve paused the game and looked at Bruce. Bruce’s expression was stern.“Are you admonishing me not to hurt him? Is this happening to me?”For a moment, it looked like Bruce would deny it, but then he smiled. “Yeah,” he said “I am. So don’t, okay?”Steve felt a little ambushed; he’d  thought  Bruce just liked  him . But apparently this was all about Bucky. “I hate to break it to you,” Steve said, “but you have it wrong. I didn’t do anything to Bucky. I don’t even know what was wrong with Bucky. You probably know a lot more than I do.”“What?” Bruce blinked. “But he got better right when he started coming over here.”Steve shrugged. “Yeah, I did notice that,” he said. “But it’s not because of me. We just … hang out. Talk. Eat. Cook. Play games. Has Bucky not explained that?”“Bucky … well. I guess it turns out you know this, right? You know how Bucky puts up a magical force field of ‘don’t talk about anything too personal.’” Oh. “He – does do that.”Bruce looked troubled. He pulled at the fabric of Steve’s recliner.“Can you tell me what you do know?” Steve asked. He set his controller down as the image on the TV screen gave up and darkened.“Sure.” Bruce shrugged. “It isn’t much though.”“Anything will help.”Bruce’s eyes flashed. “Help with what?”“With …”  Shit. “I might not be the reason Bucky is doing better, but I think I helped. I want to help.”“Okay.” Bruce settler back down. “Sure. Well. I met Bucky when he was a freshman. He was wasted as all fuck and wandering the hallways of the apartment building where I live, wearing a Trinity sweatshirt. I made sure he got home. Then the next morning, he appeared at the reception desk in the computer science wing. He has a part-time job there, and so do I. Against my better judgment I covered for him during his first shift, when he was running to the bathroom constantly to throw up from his hangover. That night he asked me if I had anything to do, I said no, and somehow he got me to go to a bar with him. And then the pattern, stupidly, was set. I see him every day because he works in my department, and I like him as a person, so I guess I enable him and party with him when I shouldn’t because it’s just … easier than telling a friend they’re a mess.”“And he’s been a mess the entire time you’ve known him?”“Until now, yeah. And honestly, he’s worse than he used to be. He’s drunk every day, usually starting earlier than I want to think about, and he does any and every kind of drug recreationally, but he always keeps coke around to balance out booze. He’s had huge problems with school, and I have no idea how he hasn’t lost his scholarship. Maybe he has and he just doesn’t want to admit he’s just on loans now. He hasn’t lost his job because of  me.  But, I guess I should have used the past tense for all of that. You know, he cleaned out the entire Computer Science Department Google Team Drive? He usually has nothing to do while he’s working that desk, so he used to sit there with his head down. But last week he  organized our Google Drive.” “If that’s not a sign of recovery, I don’t know what could be.”“Right? Anyway, it’s a miracle. Last night we ate at Chipotle with Natasha. We just  ate tacos.  No one went to the bathroom to snort coke. No one almost threw up. No one apologized for being out of it and then apologized again fifteen minutes later because they forgot they already did. We just talked about school and  Star Wars and stuff. And everyone actually ate their fucking tacos.”A pang of longing hit Steve – which was stupid. Even if he did leave his house, they wouldn’t have invited him to Chipotle. He wasn’t one of them.“Has it been weird for him, not partying?”Bruce nodded. “People were surprised at first, and didn’t know who to replace him with. But they figured it out in, like, days. Thor and Darcy are party animals, but they’re good people, and they’ve done a good job of blocking people from bugging him about it by deflecting that kind of attention back on themselves. And ... I think whenever  he  feels squirrely about it, he comes over here.”Steve’s entire body tingled. “Good,” he managed to say. “Um. Anyway. Any idea what the deal with him and Rumlow is? It seemed like he was scared of him.”“I agree,” Bruce said, expression darkening. “Bucky absolutely hates Rumlow for some reason, but he also does anything Rumlow tells him to do. Bucky even sells E and coke sometimes for him, at high-class parties where a pretty face like Bucky’s can get Rumlow an in. But Bucky’s not the kind to want to get into stuff like that. Bucky’s definitely afraid of him. And I don’t know why. Also if you’re wondering, no, Rumlow’s never laid a hand on him before that I’m aware of. At that party, Bucky did throw the first punch.”It all just got more and more confusing. “So generally, what do you think the problem is? What’s wrong with Bucky?”Bruce frowned. “I think I’ve explained it already. He’s an alcoholic. Seems pretty textbook. I’ve looked this up. The main characteristics are that an alcoholic can’t have just one drink without it getting out of hand – and that’s check. An alcoholic gets worse over time, and that’s check. And an alcoholic doesn’t stop in spite of consequences, and that’s check.”Hmm. “Are people alcoholics just, for no reason?”Bruce put up his hands, palm out. “That’s a way tougher question,” he said. “Bucky … I don’t know. He doesn’t talk to or about his family, and he pretty clearly doesn’t want to talk about anything that’s ever happened to him before he got to Trinity. And then there’s the whole never, ever talking about his feelings to anyone on any level. But I don’t know if whatever’s happened to him is any worse than what happens to anyone, and he just doesn’t talk to his family because they’ve told him he’s a drunk and he didn’t want to hear it. People do that.”“So … how do we help him?”Sighing, Bruce said, “Christ, I don’t know. If I knew I’d have done it. Basic Internet research tells me there’s no good answer. Mostly, alcoholics get help from other alcoholics, or they have to just start the recovery process themselves and  tell other people how they can help them. The standard advice for how to help an active alcoholic is to not be around them unless they get sober. Which I, personally, think is bad advice, even if it does sometimes sound tempting.”Steve absolutely agreed that this was bad advice, but also, what did he know? “Well, he  has  started the process himself now,” Steve said. “If it’s true he’s an alcoholic, I mean.”“If? He keeps two bottles of mouthwash in his desk at work. One for when he throws up while on the clock, which is a biweekly occurrence at least. And the other is not mouthwash.”“Kept?” Steve asked sharply.“Kept,” Bruce corrected. “Now he has Gummy Bears.”Well, that was  fucking adorable , but Steve didn’t say that. “Still doesn’t mean he’s an alcoholic.”“I guess you’re right. He could just be an idiot. And he woke up one morning, realized he was being an idiot, and stopped. Wouldn’t that be great?”Steve glared.Bruce waved a hand. “That sounded sarcastic,” he said. “It wasn’t. Alcoholics relapse. Idiots who’ve figured out they’re being idiots don’t. I would love for him just to be an idiot. But I doubt it.”With a sinking feeling, Steve realized that he doubted it, too. “But if,” he said, slowly, “if someone got him to talk about what he needs from his friends, then we might be doing the right thing either way, though, right?”The way Bruce’s eyes narrowed made Steve almost blush from the scrutiny. “You guys are just friends?” Bruce asked.“Of – course.”“Of  course ? You – I’m sorry. Are you straight?”“No.”“Okay, thank god, I thought I was losing it. Christ. You’re cute, though. How– oh. ”“‘Oh’ what?”“Bucky sleeps with pretty much anyone he thinks is cute, so normally I would be really confused at the idea that he’s not–mm. You know what? Nevermind. This line of conversation is not mine to have. I apologize.”“Are you implying you think I  can’t ?” Steve asked, voice low.“No! Jesus, I’m sorry, I meant it’s because he’s–”Steve shrugged and cut him off. “Okay, okay. Then I think you’re right. It’s because he’s sober.”Bruce opened and shut his mouth twice. “I’m not talking about this … Wait. He  sleeps here. And you guys are just friends?”“I have a guest room.”“ Why does he sleep here?”“He just … likes it, I think.”Bruce’s expression went blank, like he was processing that. Then, with no change in the blank expression, he said, “You guys are stupidly cute.”Maybe. “If there was an ‘us guys.’” He shook his head, trying to get back on track. “But like I said. Someone needs to get him to talk about what he needs from us. Right? We can’t help him if we don’t know what’s going on.”“Good,” Bruce said, pausing between each word dramatically, “freaking. Luck.” But then a thoughtful expression came over his face and he added, “And if you do figure it out, let me know both  how  you did it, and what he says.”Fair enough. Steve felt vaguely faint, so he pulled in a deep breath. It helped. “Did you come over here to talk about Bucky?”Bruce’s eyebrows drew together. “Not at all,” he said. “I came over to lose at video games.”Steve laughed, and they managed not to talk about Bucky again before Bruce left.~*~The next night, Bucky came over. They cooked and played a game called  Battle Lines,  which Bucky had checked out of the public library – his interest in boardgames was only growing now that he was sober, and, well, speaking of things that were  fucking cute. But Steve was distracted. Had there ever been a  worse  candidate than Steve for getting a closed-off person to talk about their feelings? It wasn’t like Steve was any kind of a good example. He’d been completely complicit in establishing their relationship on grounds where any “deep” conversation they had was about literature, politics, themes in TV shows, or art – never about themselves. When talking about themselves, they were casual, unrelentingly positive and evasive …  Ya know,  Steve thought, t  he way everyone is with everyone, pretty much, only worse! Besides … Steve still didn’t know for sure if Bucky was an alcoholic. Maybe, just maybe, Steve was the idiot. Bucky’s life before he’d started to hang out with Steve had seemed on some level glamorous, high-octane,  fun  . Now, Bucky’s life was quiet, small, subdued. The most excitement Steve got was during particularly intense games of  Fortnite,  and that was still in his living room. Sure, Bucky had chosen to spend so much time in Steve’s world. But that didn’t mean he’d choose it for much longer. Maybe Bucky had just needed a break, a quiet space to sort things out a bit and to get his schoolwork back on track. Maybe he’d be through with Steve any day now, and Steve doing something to imply that Bucky was an  alcoholic  would be farcical and intrusive enough to make that day  today .So when Bucky left the next morning, his face bright and cheerful and his belly full of warm muffins, Steve had done absolutely nothing different than usual during the entire visit.One day later that week, in the afternoon, with Bucky in the living room scratching formulas on graph paper, Little Motherfucker lying on his feet, Steve opened up Google:
 Alcohol withdrawal. 
… Interesting. Nausea and insomnia appeared among the symptoms, which would explain some of what had happened to Bucky. Of course other, much nastier symptoms also appeared in Steve’s research. Seizures. Hallucinations. “Death,” apparently, was just another possible side effect, listed along with the others in bullet points.Steve leaned over and stole a glance into the living room. Bucky’s teeth worried at his bottom lip as his hand moved across the page of his notebook. His hair hung a little in his eyes, and Steve found his mind wandering to what he would feed Bucky for dinner. Something with potassium; he wondered sometimes if Bucky got enough potassium.He suppressed his self-directed eye roll, shook his head, and went back to his Google search. Alcoholism , he typed.… Okay, fine. Apparently, Steve was by no means the first person in the world to watch somebody transform over the course of six weeks from sick to well when they gave up drugs and alcohol.And, apparently, if it  was  alcoholism, the transformation was considered to be temporary; or, at the very least, repeat performances of the transformation – alternating with watching it happen in reverse – were to be expected.
 What are you doing, Steve? You have no idea if that’s what’s up with Bucky. No fucking idea. 
… He stole another look at Bucky, at how well he looked in the light spilling through the windows to the back yard. Images of Bucky saying, embarrassed and defeated, “School doesn’t define me. I’ll still be me if I don’t finish,” and Bucky throwing up into a trash can, looking green but resigned, floated up in Steve’s mind.
 Don’t I kind of pretty much know? 
He shut his laptop, leaned back to rest his head on the back of his chair, and closed his eyes.



Chapter 7
Chapter Summary
These sweet dumb boys finally talk about real stuff.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




He made salmon, mashed potatoes with the skin in, and honey-roasted carrots for dinner that night while Bucky continued to study; he had some tests coming up.As Steve chopped carrots, Bucky came up behind him and dug into the fridge for a a La Croix. “What you making?”Steve told him, and Bucky leaned forward – through Steve’s personal space – to snag a couple pieces of raw carrot.Bucky popped the carrot into his mouth. “Sounds good. And thank you again for making dinner without me. I’ll make it up to you soon.”He left with his water – and with Steve destroyed in his wake. Because it turned out that sober Bucky smelled like cinnamon tea, soap, and clean skin, and Steve was torn between wonder and self-loathing.After a few minutes he managed to collect himself, even if he did have to focus on his knife technique with extra care, his fingers half-numb from shock and something like fear.They took dinner outside as usual and settled down to a quiet conversation despite the fact that Steve was absolutely loopy inside. How could he broach a subject that might push Bucky away? Then again, how could he  not broach it?And then, the tables turned.“You know, Stevie, I’ve been wanting to tell you.” Bucky ate the last carrot on his plate; he’d already eaten his fish, but he’d left his potatoes untouched so far. Steve frowned at the untouched starch. “You …”Panic bubbled in Steve’s belly, but he tamped it down. “I?”A light blush dusted Bucky’s cheeks, but he went on, looking down at his potatoes, swirling them with his fork, “You look good. Ever since you started going outside more and talking to people and sleeping better. I’m happy for you and I hope everything keeps going that way for you.” He seemed to force himself to look up. “Do you think it will?”Half of Steve wanted to cackle at the cruel irony, and the other half wanted to freeze up completely. “I’m fine,” he said, immediately regretting it. “You should eat your potatoes, you know. The skin has potassium.”Bucky paused, but then he smiled, definitely a sad smile. “Okay, Stevie.”He took a bite of potatoes. Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck.  Alarm bells jangled through Steve’s head.  What  had he  done ?Steve opened his mouth again, though he had no plan. “I’m–” Bucky’s head popped back up, eyes interested.  Fuck.  “I’m well,” he said. This was neither that revealing, nor particularly off-putting, so Bucky just nodded reasonably. “I mean,” Steve pushed onward, “I’m really well.” He  hated  this. “I’m. I’m doing good.”  Oh, god. Oh god. Might as well commit.Steve inhaled. “I really am doing well. I feel good almost every day, and I can’t remember if there’s ever been a time I could say that before. I sleep better. My pain is even down. And yeah, a lot of it is because I’ve started going outside and talking to people, and I know that. I needed to make changes, and I still do, but I’m happy with the progress I’m making and I do think I’ll keep making progress. It makes me happy that you noticed.” Fuck yeah.  Steve looked at Bucky, and kept his expression neutral.  Give me an answer to  that,  big shot. Oh, Bucky gave him an answer. A grin took over his face like clouds breaking apart to let the sunlight through. He ducked his head and laughed, blushing again. “That’s so great,” Bucky said. “But, like – it’s not about me, is it?”… Oh. “No, Buck. I can’t honestly say you coming around didn’t jumpstart me. But it’s not about you. It’s about making changes. Although … the biggest change I’ve made  is hanging out with you. I like hanging out with you.”“You know it’s almost summer?”Steve looked around at the 80-degree-evening. “I sure do.”“Not just the season. I meant, the semester ends soon. And I don’t necessarily live here in the summer.”…  Oh. The tenderness of this moment dawned on Steve. Bucky was trying to make sure Steve would be okay when Bucky left for the summer. Which he would do. Because it was normal, and natural, and what college kids did. “I can take care of myself,” Steve said.Bucky didn’t take offense at that. He just gave a half-smile. “Bruce will still be around. And Natasha. You should hang out with her. You guys would like each other, I’ve realized.”“I will. Thank you.”“You’ll be okay?”“Of course. And you’ll be back in the fall, right?”Bucky’s gaze dropped. “Yeah,” he said. “Yeah, of course.”Was Bucky a bad liar? Steve had never had cause to wonder that before. “Why wouldn’t you be?”Bucky’s laugh was bitter, derisive; a laugh like that almost didn’t fit with the way Bucky looked anymore, pink-cheeked and well on his way to healthy. “Finals are starting,” he said. “It’s one thing to jump back into classes and do okay at the new material. It’s another thing to get tested on  everything , including all the stuff you missed before you … started paying attention.”This was opportunity. They were so close already to talking about it. And after what Steve had said, Bucky  owed him.Or at least, that’s what he told himself.But how to approach it?Well, Steve was an idiot, so he said, “Started paying attention?”Bucky nodded and ran a hand through his hair, making it stand up at odd angles. Then he gave Steve a wry smile. “I think I told you, that first night we hung out. I didn’t used to be this diligent. Ever. At least not of my own free will. Honestly …” He leaned back in his chair, his expression going distant. “I wish I could remember more. It’s all a haze. I went to a different school before Trinity for a while. I flunked out, but a couple credits transfered. I’m not really a sophomore. More like halfway between that and being a junior. But that’s harder to explain. Most people don’t know I’m 22. Anyway, I almost failed out of  this  school last year,  and  last semester. There are huge chunks of time I can’t explain very well, when I was studying or pulling things together at the last minute, and using … I mean, I think you can guess what I was using.” He shuddered. “How did I  do  that kind of thing?  God,  it just  sounds exhausting.”… It was  right there. It was there. Bucky had taken it out and laid it on the patio table.“You mean … drugs,” Steve said. “And alcohol. Like, you used to do a lot of drugs and alcohol?”Bucky looked up and gave another wry smile. He’d slouched down in his chair, feet up on the trestle, sprawling comfortably but somehow also looking a little bit embattled. “Is that a secret? I didn’t mean to make it one, I don’t think. Maybe I did.”“I guess not. But I wasn’t sure if you’d stopped. Or if you thought …”“I’ve stopped. If I thought what?”“If you considered what you did before to be – a problem. Too much.”Buck leaned forward, forearms on thighs. “I guess we should talk about this.”Was it going to be  this easy ? “I – would like to? The one time I hinted at it, you told me I was wrong.”Bucky’s eyes widened, apparently remembering that morning perfectly well. “Yeah. I did. I’m sorry.” And he looked sorry. He ducked his head. “That’s kind of how I do it. Deny, deny, deny, just get to the next drink or drug so I can forget about how much I need to get to the next drink or drug. I’m fucking tired of it. But,  yes.  It was too much. I have a problem. I  am a problem.” She pursed his lips. “I take that part back, that’s self pity. I’m not a problem. But I definitely have one.”Steve’s head tipped back and he exhaled, tension leaving his shoulders. “Thank  god. ”Bucky’s head jerked up. “That’s not exactly a reaction I could’ve predicted.”Some nerve pain was starting in Steve’s thigh, but he resisted the impulse to rub it. “No, no,” he said. “I don’t mean thank god you have a problem. I just thought I was going to have to like–”“Convince me?” Bucky asked, expression shrewd. He shook his head and took a swig of soda. “Mm-mm.”Steve ate his own potatoes, willing Bucky to do the same; also, the hand movement distracted him from the growing pain in his leg. “So: Thank god,” he concluded. “But like. Also.” Bucky leaned over the table, looking way more relaxed in this moment than Steve would ever have imagined. “That’s a pretty serious thing, right?”Bucky’s posture stiffened; oh, good, now things were going according to plan. “I mean, yeah,” Bucky said, tone equivocal. “I’m handling it.” Ah.  What a practically  Steve- like response! “You are,” Steve said. “I’ve been so happy for you. If you feel anywhere near as much better as you look, that’s got to be a huge change.”Bucky’s feet began to shift and tap uncomfortably. “I do feel better. So much better.” But the engagement was gone.  Why ?Probably just because this stuff was hard. It was hard.“Hey, Buck,” Steve said. “Um. Don’t be embarrassed. It’s okay.” He felt his hand go unconsciously to his leg and start to rub it. He tried to pretend it wasn’t happening.“I’m not embarrassed,” Bucky said, thankfully appearing not to notice Steve rubbing his leg.“O–kay. Sorry.”“It’s just …” Bucky changed positions three times in three seconds. “This isn’t a  new problem for me. I go back and forth on whether I think it’s a problem. With predictable results. I’m 22 years old, but … sometimes I feel a lot older.”What was he saying? “Predictable results?”“Right, like – relapse comes when you think you don’t have a problem anymore.” Relapse.  That word hit Steve like a slap. Bucky had  already gotten better before … and worse again. “How many times have you …”Bucky’s eyes alighted, for a second, on Steve’s hand rubbing at his own thigh. But then Bucky dropped his gaze to his own boots. “I went to rehab when I was 16. Okay? That was the beginning. A lot has happened since. Like, a lot of ... But anyway, I thought Trinity would be my clean slate. My second chance. But that dream didn’t last long. And that’s a general outline of my sordid history.”“And, now? What made you stop this time?” His voice almost caught on “this time,” but he managed to prevent it.Did Bucky press his lips together slightly in self-recrimination? Steve couldn’t be sure. “A lot of little things. Like me realizing … even if I see an opportunity to do something good that no one else sees, I was in no shape to  do it. And my scholarship adviser telling me this is absolutely the last chance I’ll ever have, that was a huge factor. Also, other stuff that it would be gross to mention. Let’s just say physical addiction is hard on the body. But look. That’s pretty much all I have in me right now on this subject. Okay? I’m sorry.”Steve made his voice soft; that was fine. The subject was broached. Steve could ask how he could help later. He could find out  why Bucky had turned to alcohol and drugs … probably much later. Maybe in a couple decades, Bucky would be willing to have that conversation. “Of course it’s okay.”Bucky didn’t look up. He kept his eyes on his own boots. “Why are you rubbing your leg?”“Because.” Steve cleared his throat and looked away. He wanted to stop rubbing, but now it felt like that would be a sign of weakness. “It hurts.”Bucky moved his eyes but not his head, looking up at Steve. “It hurts.”“Yeah …? I am in a wheelchair, in case you hadn’t noticed.”“But if it hurts,” Bucky said, not moving; in fact, his tone even kind of made his stillness ominous, “then your paralysis is incomplete.”“... Yes?”“But you don’t do physical therapy.”“Who says?”“The fact that you don’t leave your house says, Steve. And the fact that I’ve never seen you do it, and I’ve spent many, many whole days here.”“Why,” Steve said, slowly, “do you know the difference? Between complete and incomplete paralysis?”“Um. I Googled it?”Steve growled, “Well if you know the difference, then you know that there’s a lot of variety among people with incomplete paralysis. I don’t need physical therapy. Okay?”Bucky’s eyes were sharp as he looked up at Steve for a long moment. And had there been a time when Steve was  glad to see Bucky’s gaze grow sharper, more focused? “Is that so?”Steve’s nostrils flared. “That’s so.”Bucky maintained eye-contact as he stood up, scooted his chair toward Steve, and sat down again, their knees interlaced. He still maintained eye contact as he reached out and replaced Steve’s massaging hand with his own, touching Steve’s throbbing thigh through the blanket. Then, finally, Bucky let the eye contact drop. He looked down at his kneading fingers.Steve felt like he’d had his strings cut. His eyes closed and he leaned back in his chair. “A little harder is fine.”“Okay.”Steve took a breath and tried to untangle some of the conversation they’d just had. “Do you really think you’ll fail finals?”“I’m doing my actual best, for once,” Bucky said, still rubbing. The motion of his fingers  felt  like a pleasantly aching distraction from the pain itself, but Steve knew from experience that a massage like this could do real good. “But I don’t know. I really don’t.”“When do your tests start?”“Nine days.”Steve’s pain, which was nerve pain and therefore only pretended to have a specific location, began to ease in the pit of his belly, even if his thigh still hurt. It was weird and hard to explain, but it definitely felt a little better. “Stay here,” he said. “I won’t bother or distract you. You know how quiet I can be. It’s clean here and there’s good food and a nice bed. Bring all your books.”Steve’s eyes were still closed, so he couldn’t see what Bucky did in the pause that followed this. But Bucky said, “Thank you, Steve. Let me pay you something for it, at least?”“If it will make you feel comfortable enough to  do it, sure.”A smile colored Bucky’s voice. “Okay.”“Good. It’s settled.” “It’s settled. Stevie?”“Yeah?”“What happened to you?”“...When?”“Like. Why are you in a wheelchair?”Steve froze. After a second, he remembered to inhale again. “Um. I sustained a traumatic injury that crushed my rib cage and injured a thoracic vertebrae. I’m paraplegic with some loss of functionality in my lower abdominal muscles.” He cracked one eye open, but Bucky wasn’t looking at Steve’s face. He was looking at his own hands working on Steve’s thigh. “I lost no dick functionality, though. Thirty percent of people with my type of injury don’t. I guess you could call it a  stroke  of luck.”Bucky stopped moving, and looked up at Steve. “You didn’t.”“I did. And I do.”“Oh, my god.”“It actually helps. So long as I stroke it routinely, I don’t really get much spastic movement in my legs. It’s basically medicine.”“You know,” Bucky said, “I’m not surprised. For a second I was surprised, but I’m not surprised this is the direction this conversation has gone in.”Steve grinned.After a second, Bucky asked, “So why do you have a heated pool?” Wow. Apparently today was the day for all the invading questions. “I thought, once, that I’d use it.”“Weird. Why would you need a pool if you didn’t anticipate doing any physical therapy?”“Look, I don’t have to explain–”Bucky looked up. “You wanna go in?”~*~The patio light reflected in his eyes. His focused, sharp, beautiful eyes. Behind him, the water of Steve’s pool lapped quietly at its tile sides in the early evening dimness. “What, like ... at some point?” Steve asked.“No.”“I can’t. Obviously.”Bucky went back to kneading Steve’s thigh. “I mean, you could.”“I can’t do that. I think you know me well enough to know that.”“I know you well enough to know you don’t  want  to.”“Okay?”Bucky shrugged. “Okay.”Steve’s leg really did feel a little better, but part of him wanted to throw Bucky off him, end their physical contact, and go inside.But then Bucky started making circles with his thumbs, and Steve felt it in every part of his body. He took a deep, steadying breath, and the anger drained right out of him.…  Why not? It was a simple question he put to himself: Why not?“I’d keep my pants on,” he said. “They’re jeans. That might be weird.”  But you cannot see my legs. Bucky didn’t react visibly, and his tone was neutral. “That’s fine with me. I’ll keep mine on too, if you want.”“You don’t have a change of clothes here.”“I’ll go get a bunch of my clothes, and all my books, a little later on tonight before bed. Since I am staying here for for a while and all.”Right. Finals. “Do you even have  time for this?”Bucky looked up again and retook Steve’s gaze. “Oh, Steve. I have time for this.” Fuck. Steve’s voice came out faint. “Okay.”“How’s your leg?”“It’s better.”“Good.” Bucky rose. He crossed to stand catty-corner to where the underwater steps led down, pulling his shirt and socks off as he went and throwing them into the grass.Heat made Steve’s dick twitch, and he concentrated very hard on  not letting that sensation grow. That wasn’t what this was about. And what  is  it about? “Come over here,” Bucky said.Inhaling shakily, Steve did. He lined up his chair with the edge, feeling the unfamiliar bumpy slip of rocks through his wheels.The pool filled up his field of vision, big and blue-black in the dark with splashes of gold patio light on the surface. The light shifted as the water rippled when Bucky moved down onto the second step, submerged up to his knees.Steve pulled his shirt off and threw it at Bukcy’s.Bucky leaned forward and put his hands under Steve’s arms, on the bare skin of his chest. His thumb came within centimeters of Steve’s nipple, and Steve’s whole body tingled. “Will it hurt you if I pick you up like this?” Bucky asked, voice low.Steve shook his head.“Okay. On three: One.” Steve took a deep breath. “Two. Three.” Bucky pulled and let them both fall backward, into the shallow end. His hands stayed firm on Steve’s rib cage, one palm just over Steve’s fluttering heart.  Bucky fell back too far, head dipping under the water, but Steve didn’t. Bucky’s arms held Steve in place above his own body until they’d maneuvered to vertical.Steve’s legs didn’t have anything close to full feeling. But he  could  feel how free they were, how weightless. Bucky moved backward across the pool bottom, and the water rose up around their chests. Steve’s breathing was easy and light, his arms moved through the water’s warm caress, and his toes — which he could wiggle, with effort — felt suspended.Bucky’s body was a hot, dripping presence a foot from Steve’s own. His arm muscles stood out from holding up Steve; droplets it water clung to his collarbone. Health and youth radiated from him as surely as body heat. Chlorine could not overpower that scent of cinnamon and skin.“Good?” Bucky asked.“Your fingers do kind of hurt my ribs,” Steve said. “Can you pull me in closer?”Bucky did. He pulled Steve in so their arms could loop around each other, Steve’s around Bucky’s neck, Bucky’s around Steve’s waist. “Better?”“Yeah,” Steve sighed against Bucky’s skin. He squeezed his eyes shut on the pain starting up in both his calves, radiating up into his glutes. “Better.”The water whispered at their shoulders as Bucky looped them around the deep end in a kind of dance. Steve could feel, distantly, how his legs dangled and swished with the movements.The pain increased, and Steve ignored it. He pressed his face harder into the crook of Bukcy’s neck.“Still good?”Steve nodded.They danced their dance for so long Steve lost track of time. The water was warm.  Bucky was warm. Steve’s original pain faded completely even as the new ones grew. Bucky splashed water on Steve’s shoulders, his neck. Steve just tightened his grip on Bucky.It began to be difficult to think of anything but the pain.But then Bucky’s hand stroked Steve’s hair back, and for an instant he forgot the pain completely. “You want to sit on the steps for a while?” Bucky asked.Steve made a mistake then. He opened his mouth. “Sure.”Bucky stopped. He shifted his grip on Steve until he could see Steve’s face. “Stevie, are you crying?”“Yes. I’m sorry.”“Why? What’s wrong?”“Movement …” Steve sniffed. “Makes the pain worse sometimes.”Shock, then outrage, then dawning understanding, then  greater outrage  played over Bucky’s features. “But … if movement makes it worse–““I  know  what it  fucking means if movement makes it worse!” It meant that more movement could, some day, make Steve a completely unknown amount better.Bucky’s face crumpled from outrage to disappointment. “Oh, Steve.”Steve pulled himself back into the crook of Bucky’s neck. “Take me to the steps.”Bucky did. Steve felt drunk on a cloud of pain and Bucky’s scent. Would he ever come up with a better excuse to be near that scent?They situated themselves against the lip on the pool, on the highest step. Bucky braced Steve so the water wouldn’t overwhelm his reduced-functionality abdominal muscles, and Steve held on to the edge to help.“Any better here? I assume we can’t just get out.”“Better,” Steve said. This wasn’t true, at least not yet. “And no.”“Is it doing any actual … damage?”“No.” He didn’t think so. Bucky dipped his free hand under the water, and ran it up Steve’s leg, starting at his ankle, past his knee. “Where?”“Back of the calves.”Together, they held Steve’s legs still. Bucky’s fingers and the water kneaded at them.The pain got better. A lot better. It faded to a memory of itself. “Okay,” Steve said, exhaling. “I’m okay. It’s just the movement.”Bucky didn’t reply.“This was really great, Bucky.”“Was it?” Bucky raised an eyebrow. “You were in  pain  the whole time. You were  crying. ”“It was great.” Steve’s tone was firm. “Thank you.”Bucky looked over at Steve, a wet lock of hair hanging over his eyes. His fingers on Steve’s leg beat a pleasant rhythm; Steve’s heart’s rhythm was less pleasant, a little too fast.They looked at each other. Could I do it? Steve wasn’t sure he had the ab strength to lean that far forward in the water, kiss Bucky, and sit up straight again.But before Steve could decide what to do, or whether to do anything, Bucky’s eyes shifted from focused to almost dreamy, like he’d noticed something new, and he breathed out, “Fucking wow. Wow.”That made Steve a little uncomfortable, especially after being reminded at dinner that Bucky could assess Steve’s appearance just as well as Steve could assess Bucky’s. What did he see? Did he like it? If he liked it, was he wrong? “What?”“This is so ... vivid.”“What is?”Bucky’s smile tipped into sad. “Life? You. The world. Being awake and alive and ...”Steve wholeheartedly agreed, but he didn’t think he quite understood. “I’m … glad.”Bucky dropped his gaze again, shoulders sagging a little. “I shouldn’t feel that way.”“Feel what way?”Bucky shrugged.“Come on,” Steve said.  Don’t leave me here alone now, Bucky.  “You can tell me. I just cried on you.”Bucky’s answer was quiet enough that the lapping of pool water almost obscured it. “I’m not used to being sober and liking it. It feels good. And I’ve been sober before, but … I’d never managed to find a way to feel good, when I was sober before. But still, I shouldn’t be happy or amazed or proud of myself about just not being miserable, addicted, foggy, and hurting people. This is just the way a person’s supposed to be.”Ah. Steve considered this. On the surface it made sense, but he could tell the logic was faulty somewhere, and after a moment he figured it out. “So if I did go back to physical therapy and I got to where I could walk with braces, I shouldn’t be proud or happy or amazed because walking’s just what people do?”Anger clouded Bucky’s features. “Hey, no,” he said. “That’s not the same thing. I do this to myself.”If it wouldn’t have been a dead giveaway of things Steve didn’t want to give away, he would have laughed. “Did you?” he asked instead. “From what I understand – and I’m an expert, see, because I Googled it – alcoholism is a disease.”“Sure it is. But it’s a disease you give yourself.”“When you were  16  ? Who the hell knows better at 16 than to do stupid stuff?”  I sure didn’t. “I’m not 16 anymore.”“So now is a great time to change, and to be proud and happy about that change.”“Sure.” Bucky wiped at a pair of stray water droplets rolling down his neck. “But I shouldn’t talk about it. Nobody wants to hear about how now I’m miraculously capable of existing and having life events that don’t involve cops, eviction, expulsion, or … worse.”Was this a life event? It did kind of feel like one. Though it had felt  more like when back when Steve felt like they might kiss.Should he try to get them back there?… Yes. He couldn’t think of a better way in the universe of helping them both. “Bucky?”“Yeah?”“Will you kiss me?”



Chapter End Notes
Hi! Please comment if you're liking something, or if there's something you hope to see happen or something you hope to find out about the characters. I have officially finished writing this fic, but I'm not 100% confident in what I've written so if anyone was to give me insight into what the chapters I've already posted seem to say to readers, I would be very grateful.


Chapter 8
Chapter Summary
The summer wet season starts, and no one is happier in the rain.
Chapter Notes
Hey yo also btw come follow me on Tumblr, I post about Marvel (mostly Loki but also Steve, Bucky, Stucky, and Natasha) lokiisanerd.tumblr.com

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





Bucky’s smile dropped like a stone. “What?” 

“I mean–wow, okay, never mind–”

“Fuck, Steve.” Bucky’s hand left Steve’s calf, and he covered his eyes. “I’m sorry. This is my fault. I shouldn’t have … it’s my fault. It’s completely my fault.” 

It felt like falling. Had Steve had it all wrong from the beginning? What 

did 

Steve know about people and romance, after all? 

Steve fixed his eyes on the tile edge of the pool. “No, it’s my fault. I got it wrong. I’m sorry.” 

“No, trust me, Steve. You didn’t get it wrong.” He ran his wet hand through his drying hair, and drops of water clung to the strands like dew. “I’m sorry.” 

“You’ve said that. But if I didn’t get it wrong, what are you sorry 

for

?” 

Bucky drew a breath like his lungs hurt, exhaling slowly and saying, “I can’t talk about this. Not today. I’m so sorry, Stevie. I …” He rose and, before Steve could process anything, he’d brought Steve’s chair around to him and waded back into the water. “Can I help you back in?” 

The tendons on Steve’s neck were probably standing out. He knew they did, when he gritted his teeth this hard. “I guess you’re going to have to.” 

Neither man spoke again, though Steve growled several times, until they were standing at the back door, Steve leaking on his chair – which was waterproof – and Bucky dripping all over the concrete, holding his shirt and socks in his hands.

Bucky said, “You know what, I’m just going to get home. I’m pretty tired.” 

“Your 

shoes 

are inside my 

house.

” 

“Yep. See you!” 

He left. He actually turned around, went through the back gate and onto campus, and 

left

. 


That’ll teach me, 

Steve thought, shaking his head. 

What the 

fuck 

had just happened? 

Steve’s phone buzzed in its pocket on his chair. He almost laughed out loud. 

[Bucky Barnes]
I’m really sorry. I will explain at some point. I’m not up to it tonight. We talked about so much stuff. I wish I could make myself go on, but I can’t. 

Couldn’t Steve have fallen for somebody 

normal

? No, no way, apparently. He had to fall for somebody just as stupid as 

himself

. 

[Me]
You probably could. But okay. I’ll just be over here alone and imagining that there was never anything between us and I’m delusional. 

[Bucky Barnes]
You’re not delusional. 

[Me]
So, what then? You like me but you’ve decided we can’t be together and you’re enforcing it unilaterally?

Three dots appeared on Steve’s screen. Then they disappeared. No message came. 

[Me]
I’m sorry. You can have time if you need it. I was just shocked. 

[Bucky Barnes]
Okay. 

Steve typed: Stay safe. But he didn’t send it. 

~*~ 

Three days passed with no sign of Bucky. Steve texted him a few times, and even called once, but he got one-word answers or nothing at all. 

Pain in Steve’s calves flared up daily, right where it had started in the pool. The first night it happened, Steve just sat in his dark living room, denying the pain, tears leaking down his face, watching the pool through his open back window. 

The third night the pain came, he Googled techniques for relieving calf pain for his type of injury, but angrily X’ed out of every tab he opened when it turned out the exercises could not be performed alone without special equipment that he did not have. 

He thought a lot about Bucky, but not as much as he anticipated that he would. Steve’s anger faded within 12 hours, and he was left … curious. It was Schrodinger’s good relationship, at this point; Steve didn’t even know enough about Bucky yet to be sure he was missing out on something. Maybe they would never have worked anyway. 

Maybe, just maybe, Bucky was an asshole who did things like refuse to kiss a guy and then leave in a huff of mysterious protestations. 

Now, Steve’s general loneliness … that was a bigger problem. So on Sunday, Steve had Bruce over. And that was nice. It took half the lonely feeling out of Steve for all of Monday. 

The lonely feeling was back by Tuesday, worse than ever. Steve went into his MY PLAN document and typed, in all caps at the top of the first page, AM I A FOOL WHO THINKS HE CAN SOLVE HIS EMOTIONAL PROBLEMS WITH A GOOGLE DOC AND A TEXTBOOK ON COGNITIVE BEHAVIORAL THERAPY? YES. YES I AM. LET THE RECORD REFLECT THAT I AM A FOOL. 

His head hit his desk as he sunk forward over his keyboard, face-first. 

But then on Tuesday afternoon, a knock came from the front door – which Steve had started to think of as Bucky’s polite door – and Steve rushed to open it even as his brain screamed, 

This is a crutch! Don’t do it!


The rainy season of late spring in the south gusted hot, wet air through the front door. Bucky strained beneath the weight of a backpack big enough for hiking the Appalachian trail. He wore his school sweatshirt and jeans, and he looked tired. Pinched. 

Plus, he was soaking wet. 

“What can I do for you?” Steve asked. 

Bucky held out an envelope. “Can I still stay here until finals are over? It’s almost impossible to concentrate at my place. Fifteen minutes ago someone was doing coke off someone else’s naked body ten feet away from me.” 

The envelope contained – money. Five-hundred dollars. “How much do you 

make 

at that part-time desk job?” 

“Is that a yes?” 
Steve shrugged and put the envelope in a pocket of his chair. “I guess.” Fuck, what if he needs to be encouraged? Someone needed to make him something hot to drink, and Steve didn’t think there were any other candidates for the job beside himself. “I mean, yes,” he corrected. “As long as you weren’t doing coke off of anyone. Or at all.” 
Bucky’s eyes slid away. “I wasn’t. I wish you didn’t have to ask me that.” 

Steve did make Bucky something hot to drink. And he did make sure he dried off. Within the hour, Bucky sat on the guest room bed, surrounded by books, tea on the bedside table and color coming back into his face. 

Even when Steve went back to his desk, and could neither see nor hear Bucky, the loneliness was gone. 


Boy, 

he thought. 

I’m in real trouble. 


The next week went much the same as that afternoon. Bucky went to study groups and came home soaking wet because neither of them owned an umbrella. Steve made him take a shower to warm up – even though the rain wasn’t cold rain – and made him tea. Sometimes, also, Steve made him baked goods. 

In between study groups, Bucky studied on his own in the guest room, biting his lip, Little Motherfucker flopped on top of textbooks like she went there. 

Every time Bucky left the house, Steve told him to buy an umbrella. Bucky never did. 

Other than that, they didn’t talk much. 

“Buck?” Steve asked that first night. 

“Mm?” 

“Are we going to discuss the thing?” 

Bucky looked up from his graph paper. “After finals?” 

“Okay.” 

So Steve cooked, worked, played video games, rewatched The Lord of the Rings trilogy, rediscovered Lord of the Rings memes, and went about his life while Bucky studied. 

On the following Monday night, Steve and Little Motherfucker were fighting orcs in the living room when Bucky came in and stopped, arms crossed, looking at Steve. 

The game made a cheerful sound as Steve paused it and looked at Bucky. 

“My first final is tomorrow at 8 a.m.,” Bucky said. 

“Wow, already? Do you feel prepared?” 

Bucky’s expression was hard, rigid. His crossed arms held a tension, his posture coiled. “Yes. Yeah.” His voice broke, but just a little. “I mean. Yes.” 

“Sit,” Steve said, pointing at Bucky’s recliner and moving toward the kitchen. 

Bucky’s shoulders sagged, and he fell into the chair. Little Motherfucker jumped down from Steve’s lap and over to Bucky’s, where she sat at attention, looking up at his face. 

“You’ve done all you can, right?” Steve asked, pulling out pots and milk. 

“I’ve done all I can for 

months,

” Bucky moaned. “I don’t know who I am anymore. I haven’t talked to Darcy since like March, I don’t have any clean pants and yet none of my dirty pairs even have bodily fluids on them, and I 

know what the daily specials are 

in the 

library cafe. 

I have become the math.” 

Bucky’s tone implied that this was bad, but joy welled up in Steve. He didn’t hide his smile as he put the milk on to boil. “Uh-huh. That’s rough, buddy,” he said.

“What I’m saying is,” Bucky went on, “I can be proud of myself all I want, but that won’t pass the test for me.” 

“You’re right,” Steve said. “The studying will. You know. All that stuff you’ve been doing. The reason you’re proud of yourself.” 

“I didn’t 

necessarily

 say I was proud of myself,” Bucky said, blushing and looking pointedly down at Little Motherfucker. Even from this distance, Steve could see her “meowing” at him. His fingers found her tiny head. 

“Is it hard to tell if you’re prepared?” Steve asked. “I only ever had to take tests in public high school. And I mean, come on. So I don’t know what it’s like to prepare for a test.” 

“I bet you finished the test in the first five minutes of class, turned it in, and wrote code secretly on the class computer for the rest of the period.” 

Steve narrowed his eyes. “How dare you. But also you avoided my question.” 

“Did you need a wheelchair in high school?” Bucky’s tone was too high, like he was trying to make it sound casual but wasn’t very good at it. 

Steve poured boiling milk over chocolate powder in two mugs, and brought the drinks into the living room. “No,” he said, handing Bucky one of the drinks. 

“Cheers?” 

“Cheers. To luck for you this week.” They clinked the mugs. 

Bucky’s pink tongue licked chocolate foam from his lips, and he sighed. “Drinks definitely taste better now,” he said. “Thank you.” 

“So you’re worried,” Steve said. 

Bucky stared into his hot chocolate. “I mean. You could say that. Who ever really knows?” 

This was fairly close to confirmation. “You gonna get some sleep tonight? I can’t imagine that anything you haven’t learned already could be more valuable than going in well-rested.” 

“Gonna try.” 

“Can I help?” 

Bucky’s mouth fell open and his forehead wrinkled, and Steve realized his mistake. “That was not an innuendo,” Steve said, holding up a hand. “I just mean, some people find it easier to fall asleep with someone else in the room, or with a particular kind of noise in the background, or with … a particular scent, or just, something. So if there’s anything I could do, just let me know.” 

“So you had an accident some time 

after

 high school.” 

Steve almost choked on chocolate. “Uh, yes.” 

“Okay.” Bucky leaned back in his recliner. “I’ve been arrested three times. I’ve been evicted twice. I don’t keep a relapse count anymore.”

“I was 17 when it happened. I graduated at 16. Are you worried about actually failing your tests, or are you worried you won’t score high enough to keep your scholarship?” 

Bucky finished his hot chocolate and set it on the coffee table. “Both. Either.” 

“Those are wildly different things.” 

“With the same result, which is me having nowhere to go and no self esteem. I do like having someone in the room with me when I try to fall asleep. How would that work?” 

A thrill of pleasure went through Steve at Bucky’s personal disclosure – but ..

. 

“Nowhere to go?” 

“Steve.” Bucky scratched Little Motherfucker under the chin intently. “Don’t say what I know you’re about to try to say. Just don’t do it.” 

“Why not? It’s true.” 

Bucky shook his head. “Could you like … just sit nearby and read quietly until I fall asleep? I think that might help.” His cheeks were practically red. 

“You 

will

 tell me how you do on your tests, right?” 

“Of course.” 

“I can sit quietly. That’s no problem.” 

And that’s what he did. He sat by Bucky’s bedside and read on iBooks with the light off in the room and the brightness down on his phone while Bucky tried to fall asleep. 

“Steve?” Bucky said into the near dark. Outside, cicadas chirped and rain pattered. 

“Mmhm?” 

“What would you do if we had to just be friends? Would you be my friend? Would you ever 

want 

to just be my friend?” 

“If you’re asking whether I actually like you as a person, the answer is yes.” 

“But like … why?” 

Steve lowered his phone. “You’re–” 

“Stop. Stop, I’m sorry. That’s stupid. I’m just really stressed out. Part of me wants to give a rant about the entire test-based school system, but then again, most people don’t spend half the semester blacked out, so I guess I don’t really know what the system is like for most people.” 

There were any number of directions Steve could go with 

that, 

but he chose, “You are just stressed, Buck. Which is understandable. But you can sleep now. It’s okay.” 

“Will you tell me a boring story?” 

“Of course,” Steve said. “That’s the only kind of have.” 

Bucky fell asleep while Steve told him, in great detail, about an argument on Reddit over 

Star Wars

 continuity errors. 


~*~ 

The rain kept up, and Bucky lost the umbrella Steve bought online. He apologized and told Steve he would get a new one at the drugstore. But he never did. 

Bucky spent his days at school taking tests, and his evenings curled up on the recliner in a nervous heap, scratching at graph paper and pawing at his hair. After the first night, he wouldn’t even let Steve help him sleep; by Thursday, his eyes were bloodshot and he was drinking so much coffee that he developed a foot-tapping habit that 

almost 

made Steve wish he was alone all the time again. He didn’t eat, either; and that much caffeine on an empty stomach could 

not 

feel good. 

By Friday he had a cold, and of 

course 

he did. 

“How do you think you did?” Steve asked him on Tuesday evening, after his first test. 

“I already know of three problems I had wrong from the beginning,” Bucky said, tapping his foot and biting a nail. 

Shit. “Out of how many?” 

“I do not want to talk about it.” 

The weekend, Steve hoped, would be a reprieve. But it was not. Bucky disappeared on Saturday morning and didn’t reappear until Sunday evening, sniffling horribly. A cough had settled in his lungs. 

Steve’s consolation was that Bucky had, on Saturday afternoon, texted him the words: 

Sleeping over at study group house. Won’t be home tonight. 


Bucky didn’t take the statement back, and Steve didn’t argue with it. 

“How many more tests?” Steve asked as he forced Bucky to sit on Sunday evening. 

“Two.” 

“You’re 

going 

to eat something tonight. Understand?” 

Bucky coughed pitifully, and Steve regretted the sternness of his tone, though not the substance of his message. “Okay,” Bucky said, the ghost of a smile on his lips. 

Monday was the same. 

Tuesday was different. 

At 4:04 p.m., Steve’s phone buzzed: 

[Bucky Barnes]
Test over. 

[Me]
Congratulations! When do you find out your scores? 

[Bucky Barnes]
They start coming in today. Going to engineering building to check with some friends. Will let you know. 

Then, Steve got nothing until 6:30 p.m. 

[Bucky Barnes]
Did I mention I’m not coming over tonight? 


No, you did not

. Fear went through Steve. He texted Bruce: 

[Me]
Do you have plans tonight with Bucky? 

[Bruce Banner]
No. Natasha and I are working. Why? 


Calm down, Steve

. Bucky has a whole life outside of your living room. 

Steve would 

not 

be that kind of guy. The kind of guy who texted back, How come? Or, Whatcha up to? Or, Whose ass are you snorting coke off of? Or, GET HOME RIGHT NOW WHERE YOU’RE SAFE. 

[Me]
Everything okay? 

[Bucky Barnes]
It’s fine. Thanks. 

Steve stared at that and thought for a long moment. 

[Me]
You know you can always come here no matter what. No matter what. 

Bucky didn’t answer that, and Steve pulled himself into bed at 2 a.m. with little hope of falling asleep. 

~*~

The knock at Steve’s front door at 10 a.m. the next morning was hands-down the greatest sound Steve had ever heard. 

Bucky held out an umbrella, a six-pack of root beer, and a bag of groceries. 

“I’m sorry I was a nightmare for the last two weeks,” Bucky said, his voice distorted by his stuffed nose and sore throat. “I have bought these items as an attempt at an apology. I am going to make you lunch.” 

Steve must have looked dumbfounded, because Bucky added, “This cold is not as bad as it sounds. Don’t look at me like that.” 

“Bucky,” Steve said, bobbing his head, “your 

tests. 

How did you 

do

?” 

“I didn’t fail.” 

“That’s great! Right?” 

“I’m here to fix you lunch, talk about the thing, and find a way to force myself to tell you to start physical therapy, because I should have done that two weeks ago,” Bucky said. “That’s the agenda.” 

“

Bucky.

” 

Bucky’s eyes went up to the cloudy sky, and he let out a breath. “I lost my scholarship. I had to get straight As to keep it because I was 

supposed 

to lose it already but I begged and I made stupid promises. But I didn’t get straight As. So.” He shrugged. 

“Oh, Buck. I’m so sorry.” 

“I mean, it’s my own damn fault. Life gave me every chance, and I got it together just in time to miss the last one. You shouldn’t feel sympathy for me.” 

“Well, too bad. So does this mean you … can’t come back to school in the fall?” 

“I’ll look at my options with my scholarship adviser next week. He likes me so he’s going to help me see what else I can do.” 

“That could work! Right?” 

Bucky’s shrug was as glum as the weather. “I guess. Can I come in?” 

Steve moved aside. “Bucky, I have to ask …” he said as Bucky started unpacking the ingredients for fancy grilled cheese, “Last night. I know you don’t like being asked this kind of thing–”

“Yes, I am still sober. Almost three months. Thanks for asking.” Bucky turned on the faucet as hot as it would go. 

“Okay.” Steve had about a thousand follow-up questions, but he decided to let it lay. “So about the thing.” 

Bucky scrubbed at his hands under the hot spray. “About it. Um.” 

Steve hovered in the middle of the kitchen, feeling useless and silly. 

Eventually, Bucky went on. “It’s pretty simple I guess. There’s conventional wisdom about getting involved when you’ve just quit an addiction. A summary of that wisdom would be: Don’t. Some people say to wait a year. Other people say to wait five years. Or wait until you’ve raised a happy, healthy puppy into adulthood, because if you can do that, you can do a relationship. Saner people say to just wait until you don’t feel like you 

need 

a relationship. Wait until you can stand on your own.” 

This struck Steve as beside the point – or, more specifically, a sentiment had too late. “You do feel that way, then?” 

Bucky scrubbed harder. Steve winced a little at how red his hands were getting. “What way?” 

“Like you need this.” 

Bucky shrugged. 

Steve lost it. “Stop that, Bucky. Stop.” His wheels clicked against the underbelly of the sink as he grabbed Bucky’s hands and pulled them out of the steaming stream. 

“I have a cold,” Bucky said. “I want to make you lunch but I don’t want to make you sick.” 

“I think you got all the germs already, and the top layer of your skin.” 

Bucky’s eyes were wider than usual as he looked at Steve. “Sorry. I probably just shouldn’t be here.” 

“And why the hell not?” 

“I should have thought it through a long time ago. I should never have come when … I should have known the effect it would have.” 

“Do I 

really 

seem like a guy who’s clamoring for just any old relationship? I let you into my life because there’s something special here.” 

Bucky’s eyes squeezed shut like he was in pain. “Let go of my hands so I can make lunch.” 

Steve did. “Can I help?” Bucky side-eyed him, so Steve added, “With lunch, I mean.” 

“No.” Bucky’s red hands thunked bread and Gouda down on the counter near the stove. “Go wait for me on the patio. You haven’t been outside all week.” 

“It’s been raining.” 

“Well it isn’t raining today.” 

Admitting defeat, Steve did as he was told. 

And, out on the patio alone, he realized something terrible. 

… Bucky was here to break up with him. If you could “break up” in a relationship that comprised primarily of regular friendship activities, domestic chores and caretaking, and expert cooperative avoidance of any deeper conversations. 

The pool water reflected the cloud cover like a gray slide superimposed over the blue tile. Steve watched the ripples in the light breeze. He burned with shame to think he’d once let Bucky take him in there. That he’d let himself be that helpless and vulnerable. Pain flared up in his calf, and he just sat there for a while letting it hurt. 

Eventually, Bucky set a tray down on the table with a click, and Steve had to swallow the words, “That actually smells pretty good!” and said instead, “Thank you, Bucky.” 

“Course. How could I help but pick up a few tricks?” 

Steve smiled, and took a bite of his sandwich; it 

was 

good, not much different than Steve made it. Bucky had also made tomato soup. 

“So,” Steve said. He took a sip of root beer to wet his throat. “I don’t want to draw this out. Say everything else you came to say. Please.” 

Bucky’s sandwich froze, poised above his plate. “Okay. Sure. You’re an idiot. You need to do physical therapy. It would help with the pain, and it would help you to improve functionality. But you know that. I just think no one was ever around to call you an idiot before. So, you’re welcome.” 

“... And?” 

“And what?” 

“What are we doing? If we can’t be together, if you don’t have a place to stay but you won’t stay here, if you’re giving me this sage parting wisdom – what?” 

“I.” Bucky blinked, sandwich still poised. “I guess I hadn’t gotten that far. I just wanted to come over and see you, and I’d been thinking about the thing and about your physical therapy for the last two weeks, I just … didn’t have the mental bandwidth to talk about them yet.” 

“So you’re not trying to part ways?” 

“No.” 

Steve felt faint. “Oh.” 

Bucky’s hands patted the table and his pockets, searching for something. Eventually he settled on a napkin, and blew his nose. He ended up coughing, and the desire to wrap himself around Bucky bodily tugged at Steve. 

When Bucky regained his breath he said, “I should mention though, I 

am

 probably going to be gone soon, but that’s … not because of you.” 

Whiplash settled in over Steve’s emotions, and he gave up on trying to eat. “Fuck. Right. Where will you go?” 

“I don’t know yet. I don’t have a ton of options. The job I had went with the scholarship program.” 

“Fucking, Bucky, 

stay here.

” 

“I can’t do that, Steve. I 

just 

told you why.” 

“Well do you have – family you could stay with?”

“No.” 

“You said you have a cousin.” 

“A cousin? Oh. Right. That’s … not an option.” 

Steve regarded Bucky levelly. Bucky 

was 

a bad liar, and Steve was getting to know this intimately. 

But Bucky went on, eyes focused on his root beer bottle as he fidgeted with the label, “You have to stop this. I’m going to leave if you don’t. It’s nothing personal. I just can’t handle this. I’m weak. I wouldn’t be what I am if I wasn’t weak.” 

“Well 

that 

sounds like bullshit.” 

The shake of Bucky’s head was almost imperceptible, like even that much movement cost him. 


Steve, you are a coward. 

“Okay, Buck. Fine. Let’s talk about, shit, I don’t know, the stock market?” 

They didn’t talk about the stock market, but they didn’t talk about anything real, either. 

~*~ 

In the next week, the rain picked back up, Bucky’s cold got worse, and Bucky’s secrets stayed locked like a safe. 

Steve toyed with the idea of telling Bucky everything about himself – even the worst thing – as an attempt to crack the code. But he could barely even 

think 

about doing it, let alone actually 

do

 it. If he wanted Bucky to still 

like 

him, that was no option. 

He deleted the MY PLAN document, recovered it from deleted files, and then stopped looking at it. Bruce texted Steve three times, and Steve didn’t text him back. Natasha even texted him, and he ignored that, too. When the pain came, Steve didn’t ignore it; he sat listlessly with a heated blanket wrapped around his calves, watching reruns and feeling sorry for himself. 

Steve also received a text every day from Bucky saying, “Schedule physical therapy and see your doctor,” and Steve replied to those with randomly selected emojis. 

He was starting to think that this was no longer Schrodinger’s good relationship. It was just a bad one. Not the kind you save; the kind you get over. 

Bucky disappeared on Friday, and showed back up on Monday afternoon looking bedraggled and exhausted, shoulders slumped and hair standing up when he rested his forehead on the back door frame as Steve opened it. 

“Are you drunk?” 

“No. I’m stressed out. You want me to buy you a breathalyzer? Everyone in my life always ends up owning one.” 

Steve lifted his chin. “What if I kind of do want one?” 

Bucky pushed himself up off the frame, and stood up straight. “Kay.” He turned and left. 

Panic seized Steve. “Where are you going?” 

“The store.” 

Bucky blew a 0.0 half an hour later, Steve’s muscles unclenched, and he squashed down the frisson of self-loathing he felt at that. 

“When’s your meeting with your adviser?” 

“Tomorrow.” 

Steve squinted at Bucky, wrapped in a blanket on his recliner. 

There were bruises on his neck. Very distinctive bruises. 

Steve’s stomach went ice cold. 

… But what right did he have to Bucky’s neck? None. He had no right to it. He had no rights at all in Bucky’s life. 

The words, 

What are we even doing? 

battered at the back of Steve’s lips. 

But then Bucky shifted, covering more of himself with the blanket, and he said, “I think it’s going to be okay, Steve.” 

“When? How?” 

“I think I’ll be able to pay for school.” 


I could literally solve all your problems if you just asked. 

“That’s great, Buck. Did you find a loan, or …?” 

“I took out all the loans I can already. And you know, I could probably just go to a cheaper school. But I’d have to skip next year because I didn’t apply, and besides … I want to stay here.” 

“So how will you pay?” 

A moment passed with only the sound of the rain outside. The rivulets of water running down the back windows cast tiny moving shadows over Bucky’s face. “I’ll let you know the whole plan tomorrow after I talk with my adviser. Okay?” 

Steve’s heart hoisted an inch. “Okay. Sure, Buck.” 

Steve’s spirits remained high the next day when Bucky left at 10 a.m. for his appointment. 

By 5 p.m., they’d sunk further down than ever. 

[Me]
Bruce, have you  heard from Bucky today? He’s not answering any of my texts or calls. 

[Bruce Banner]
Fuck me. No I have not. Also, hi steve, I don’t know if you can see my previous messages. 

[Me]
I’m sorry. 

[Bruce Banner]
It’s okay. Let me try calling Bucky. 

[Bruce Banner]
No answer. I’m going to his house. 

[Bruce Banner]
They haven’t seen him, but then again, they’re all drunk, so they might not know what they’ve seen. 

[Me]
Is this bad? 

[Bruce Banner]
This seems bad. 

That night, and the next day, Bucky ghosted. He ghosted completely. 

Bruce came over the next night, and they did their best to hang out like normal people. And Steve supposed that they did talk like normal people, since normal people were usually avoiding something, after all. 

“He’s probably not alright,” Steve said when they’d both died in the game they were playing. 

“If you mean probably not sober, yeah.” 

“This sucks.” 

“Yeah.” 

On Friday, a break in the rain brought Natasha and two girlfriends to Steve’s pool. And there had still been no word from Bucky, despite Bruce’s and Steve’s many texts and calls. 

For fifteen minutes, Steve hovered by the back door, hand over the knob. 

When he did finally open the door, Natasha looked up from her magazine with a complete lack of surprise. 

“Natasha,” Steve said. “... Do you remember me?” 

“I texted you the other day. There’s a traveling lecturer on futurism coming to campus. I thought you might want to see her. She’s pretty famous, and I know you’re into that kind of thing.” 

“I know. I’m sorry. But I have to ask—”

She shook her head. “I haven’t heard from him. He’s a ghost.” 

Bad choice of words, considering the magnitude of Steve’s fear. “Do you think he’s okay?” 

“Depends on your definition of okay.” 

“Any idea where he’d be?” 

One of Natasha’s eyebrows arched. “Probably minding his own business somewhere. Are you his mom?” 

Steve’s lips parted and his fists balled up. “What the hell does that mean?” 

Natasha’s expression assessed Steve. After a few seconds she said, “If I don’t know where he is, and none of my people know where he is, there’s only one person left I can think to ask. And 

I’m 

not asking him.” 

“Who?” 

A fat raindrop fell on Steve’s shoulder, and he looked up at the sky. The clouds had rolled back in and a light pitter-patter sounded from the pool. 

Natasha rose and slung her towel over her shoulders. “Guess I gotta go,” she said. “But I’ll send you his contact.” She tapped at the screen of her phone. “Good luck.” 

As she left, Steve checked his messages. 

[Natasha Romanov sent you 1 contact]
“Crossbones (Rumlow)” 




Chapter End Notes
I'm sorry about all the pain ... Also comments are love :D


Chapter 9
Chapter Summary
Steve contacts Rumlow. There are some surprises.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“Bruce.” Steve threw the towel he’d used to dry himself off with after coming in from the rain into the laundry hamper.“You  called me. Can you do that?”“Natasha says he might be hanging out with Rumlow. Does that sound right to you?”Little Motherfucker stood gingerly in the doorway to Steve’s bathroom, one paw raised. He maneuvered in front of her to indicate, Up. But she didn’t move.“ Hanging out  with Rumlow? No.”“Okay, something else then,” Steve said. He scooted back and forth in place to try to make Little Motherfucker jump. “Something other than hanging out. What I mean is, she gave me Rumlow’s contact. Should I use it? What do I say?”“Steve, Rumlow is a drug dealer. I think he’s been to prison. He carries a knife. I am a graduate student. You are a web designer.”“So? Bucky’s a college student who I think, I  think , has also been to prison. It’s all relative.”“I mean, text Rumlow, I guess. But try not to do or say anything  too  self righteous, or to get too involved. Besides, Bucky’s probably not with Rumlow anyway. He hates Rumlow. If Bucky was going to relapse, now that he can’t come back to school anyway, he’d probably just make some new friends in a bar and disappear from everyone he knows. He can make friends anywhere.”“Fucking, either  get up here  or  get out of my way! ”Bruce paused on the other end of the line. “Pardon?”“Sorry. I was talking to my cat.” Finally,  finally, she jumped up onto Steve’s lap. “Bruce, why are you so ... nonchalant?”“About Bucky?”“Yes, about Bucky.” Steve had a headache,  and his legs hurt.“He’s my friend, Steve. Not my life. Not my child. And not my boyfriend. I have neither authority nor necessity to tear up my whole life looking for a grown man who made his own choices. And … what could I even do, anyway?”“What can you  do ? I don’t know! But we can’t just let him destroy himself. Can we? Is that what you would’ve done, if he’d never met me? Just let him self-destruct, fail his classes, pass out in parking lots and maybe, I don’t know, get run over?”Bruce either scoffed or laughed, Steve couldn’t tell over the phone. Little Motherfucker resisted being scratched.“Okay, look,” Bruce said, “I’m sorry I’m not an adorable big-eyed gay man who – just by  existing  – incites in Bucky the will to get better. I’ll work on that.”That froze Steve in the act of tossing his passive-aggressive cat onto the floor of his bedroom. “Incites in Bucky the will to get better?”“Is that news to you?”“I guess it’s not. But that is not all I do. I  am trying. I am. From the beginning, I called him out–”“Fine,” Bruce said. “You win. You’re stronger than me. You’re above the normal fucking human impulse to pretend everything’s okay. I’m a coward, and a bad friend, and you’re a good one. But I have a wave of summer school labs to grade, and tonight I’m going to hang out with a couple friends who I’ve literally never seen produce airline-size liquor bottles from the lining of their coat. So if you’ll excuse me.”“You’re excused!” Little Motherfucker landed with a slight thump – a  very slight thump – and turned to look up at Steve with silent recrimination.“... So are we still on for Sunday?”“Yes!”“Kay. Bye.”~*~Steve cracked his knuckles in the quiet dark of his living room. In some misguided attempt to make himself one with the situation, Steve had consumed six ales, and the bottles sat in a row on the coffee table beside him.He was nauseous and angry. His cursor blinked on his screen under New Message: Crossbones (Rumlow). With an effort and a deep breath, he herded his thoughts until he arrived at something coherent and unobstreperous.[Me]
Hey. My name is Steve. You came to a party at my house once. I’m friends with Bucky Barnes. I wanted to know if you knew where he is, maybe.A few woozy minutes passed. Every time Steve blinked, the room felt a little like it was spinning.  Bucky does this all the time, because he  wants  to. [Crossbones (Rumlow)]
I don’t know who you are. I’m a private individual. Do you have a business need? He means drugs. Well, if that’s what it took to have a conversation.[Me]
Weed?[Crossbones (Rumlow)]
How did you say you know Bucky?[Me]
He goes to my school. Trinity.[Crossbones (Rumlow)]
Who’s your adviser?[Me]
Fury.[Crossbones (Rumlow)]
How much?With half-numb fingers and spotty vision, Steve Googled around until he discovered the standards amounts.[Me]
An ounce.[Crossbones (Rumlow)]
My my. $330.[Me]
Do you deliver?[Crossbones (Rumlow)]
Sure. What’s the address? Fuck.  What did Steve do  now ? Did he give a drug dealer his address?… Yes. He did. Hands shaking a little, he typed it out.[Crossbones (Rumlow)]
You have cash? Want it now?[Me]
Yes. Yes.[Crossbones (Rumlow)]
It’ll be about a half hour. Well  , Steve thought.  That’ll give me some time to sober up. The phone thunked as he dropped it back into its pocket and closed his eyes.  What am I doing? For a few minutes, he didn’t move, listening to the air conditioner and the small sound of Little Motherfucker licking her paws. His brain felt suspended in water, disconnected. It was not altogether unpleasant.Of course, it was nothing to write home about, either. Two drinks probably actually felt  better  to him than six. He couldn’t even  imagine  wanting more at this point. And it’s not like Steve was happy, either generally or today.  So then … what kind of monumental pain must a person be in, to want to feel this way all the time? But then Steve’s thoughts were interrupted by a knock at the back door.His eyes flew open.  It’s probably Bruce. He’s come to check on me, make sure I’m not too obsessed. Yes. That made sense.But Bucky said, “Hey, Stevie, open up,” and that theory went out the window.~*~ Thank god I closed the curtains. Steve froze. He didn’t even breathe. For the first time, he thanked gods that didn’t exist that Little Motherfucker couldn’t meow.Then his heart slowed down a little and he realized he wasn’t sure  why that was his reaction.“Lemme in, Steve. I know you’re here. Answer the door.”His words slurred badly, fuzzy and vague like Bucky’s mouth was full of peanut butter.As quietly as Steve could – for some reason – he trashed the ale bottles and retrieved the breathalyzer from his bedroom. He swung the door open and backed up, holding the device out like a weapon.Bucky’s broad, sloppy grin dropped immediately. He’d braced himself on the doorframe, just like the last time Steve had opened this door on a wasted Bucky Barnes. His paleness, apparent exhaustion, and rain-drenched raggedness pulled less at Steve’s heart than they ever had before. Steve hardly even noticed them.Steve brandished the breathalyzer.“S’not a secret I’m drunk. I know I’m too drunk to hide it. I’m not here to pretend I’m not drinking.”“I want to know.”“Do you even know what the numbers  mean ?”“Yes. I Googled it.”Bucky’s lips pressed together like  Steve was the crazy one, but he took the breathalyzer, blew into it, waited a moment, winced, rolled his eyes, and handed it back to Steve.Steve’s hand clapped over his mouth. “Point  one nine?  Are you  serious,  Bucky? A normal person wouldn’t be  standing .”“Well, I’m not a normal person, am I?”“No,” Steve said, frosty; he could feel how the ale he’d drunk made his tongue move on ahead of him, say what he was feeling instead of what he ought to. “You’re really not.” Then he added, as he remembered it, “But your tolerance must have gone down. You were sober for three months.”“You’d be amazed how much I can build it back up in a few days if I just don’t ever stop drinking. If tolerance building was a sport I’d win.”“This is not funny.” Steve’s voice was still cold.Bucky leaned on the doorframe, face a mask of wobbly neutrality. “Are we arguing? I didn’t come here to argue with you.”“Did you really think we would do something other than argue if you came here like this?” “Yeah. I did. I still do.” His voice broke, and his face went painfully earnest. It was a whip-crack change from the exasperation he’d affected at the breathalyzer. As drunk as Bucky was, though, emotional instability made sense.But … he looked so serious.  Okay, Steve. Calm down. Calm down. Maybe he wants help. “Okay, Bucky. Fine. What? What did you come here to do?”Bucky shut the door behind him, muffling the pitter-pat of rain. Haltingly, steadying himself on the wall several times, he knelt in front of Steve’s chair so their eyes were level. His forehead wrinkled and his eyes glistened with an unfocused, glassy wetness.He braced his arms on Steve’s chair. “Steve …”“Yeah?”  Ask for help. Ask for help. Fucking ask me for help. I  will  help you. Steve had never wished anything so hard before as that:  Ask for help. But Bucky didn’t speak. Instead he leaned in and, before Steve knew it was going to happen, Bucky had stolen their first kiss from them both.It smelled like liquor and it felt like leather. Bucky’s lips were dry enough to set off an alarm bell in Steve’s head about dehydration.After a brief press of lips, Bucky pulled away and paused, hovering with his mouth a hair’s breadth from Steve’s. His breath smelled astringent, but Bucky was so warm; warm and close. Steve let out a shaky breath.“Kiss me back,” Bucky said, and Steve could feel the words on his lips.Steve closed his eyes. “No. I don’t want this.”“Are you sure?” Bucky slid a hand up Steve’s arm, getting his fingers caught on Steve’s T-shirt sleeve. He brought the hand around, across Steve’s back, up his neck, until he cradled the base of Steve’s head. Fingers slid through Steve’s hair until his whole body prickled with sensation.“I’m. I’m sure.”Bucky froze. “Okay.” He took the hand out of Steve’s hair, and Steve’s eyes opened.Bucky leaned back, so they were feet apart instead of inches. His lips might be chapped, but they still looked delicious. His pupils were wide, and that did something to Steve.“Okay, maybe …” Steve swallowed. “Do you always want this and you just don’t?”“Yes.”“Why  not ?”“Can I kiss you again or can’t I?”“ No ...  Yes.”  It’s all ruined already anyway  jangled through Steve’s head, along with  This could be my only chance  and  He could very well just die soon. Bucky kissed him, mouth open. Steve let him in. It was wet, sloppy, and sliding, and Steve felt a sordid thrill in his very guts. Bucky’s hand went back to Steve’s hair; his other hand grabbed at Steve’s side, thumb nestling in the tender place where his hip met his thigh, just above where his sensation mostly stopped.Steve reached out and pulled Bucky closer, and the kiss deepened.A few moments later Bucky pulled away. “Your room?”Steve’s chest heaved. “Okay.”Bucky stood up and led the way, and within seconds they faced each other at the side of Steve’s bed, Bucky with a question in his eyes.Steve said, “I’ll swing up, and you can …”“Okay.” Steve did. He maneuvered himself to lay flat on his back on the bed, over top the blanket. He felt vulnerable and helpless – and he fucking loved it.
 He loved it. 
Bucky’s knees sunk into the bed on either side of Steve’s legs. “You’re beautiful,” he said. His words were slurring, if it was possible, even worse than before. His eyes were dark and hazy, lustful and unsteady, and it was neither a combination Steve had ever craved nor was it unappealing, in an awful, sinful way. I’m trash. Steve squeezed his eyes shut.So he didn’t see it coming when Bucky kissed him again, his whole body pressing into Steve’s, but not crushing him; he could feel Bucky’s elbows bracketing him, supporting Bucky’s weight.Their dicks pressed together through their jeans, Steve’s rock-hard, and Bucky’s hard enough.It was Steve’s turn to run his fingers through hair, and that got a moan from Bucky, and  that  destroyed Steve. His breath hitched, and he felt an old feeling, one he didn’t feel anymore in his quiet, safe little house:  He wished he could move his legs.  He wished he could wrap them around Bucky, pull Bucky closer,  participate in this more fully.His brain started to try. It was stupid; he hadn’t set himself up for disappointment like that in  years. Obviously, it didn’t work. Still, the fight went out of him when it didn’t. His arms fell to his sides in disappointment: Stupid, traitorous, pointless disappointment.Bucky pulled away. His head weaved as he tried to fix his eyes on Steve; he looked dizzy. “What’s wrong?”Steve took a deep breath, ready to reassure him, to dismiss the issue.But then Bucky sat bolt upright, clapped a hand to his mouth, and launched himself from the bed. A second later Steve heard vomit splattering into water in the bathroom.  Sexy. Steve’s erection died just as a wave of anger made him grit his teeth almost painfully. Anger at what, he could not precisely say. But  fuck .He worked his fists open and shut and pushed himself to sit up.  Why am I angry ? Was he angry Bucky couldn’t do this?
 No. 
…  Oh my god. We almost just  did  that.  Steve  had almost just  let that happen. Steve felt nausea of his own, and sympathized with the heaving sounds he could still hear coming from the bathroom.After a few minutes, the sound of the tap running failed to drown out a series of distinctive sniffing sounds. Steve’s nausea grew and his heart sunk.But the cake was taken when, a few moments later, Bucky walked out of the bathroom with his mouth locked around the nozzle of what Steve guessed was a triple-sized flask. He capped it, smacked his lips, and tucked it back into his boot.Steve pulled himself back into his chair and pointed toward the living room. “Get out of my house.”“That’s probably fair.”“Right now.”Bucky put his hands up. “I’m going. Okay? I’m going.”“Unless.”Bucky stopped, halfway toward the bedroom door. “Unless?”“Unless you want to stay because you’ll let me help you.”“You can’t help me. I don’t know what ideas of help you have in your head, but there’s no help for me from other people.”“ But what if there is? ”Bucky’s face went stony. “There isn’t.”“Have you ever let anyone try?”Bucky pressed his palms into his eyes. “I’m too drunk to have this conversation.”“You’re too drunk to fucking  exist .”“Yeah. I am. You’re right.” Oh fuck. “Please don’t take that literally.”“I won’t. Don’t worry. Not my style. My style is to kill myself over a period of years.”“So you won’t–”“What was that?”Steve stopped. “What?”A knock came from the front door.Bucky winced, guilty. “Tell me that’s not Bruce. I don’t want to see him when I’m like this.”The headache that had started earlier that day throbbed behind Steve’s eyes like a testament to his bad choices. He’d almost forgotten that he  ordered an ounce of weed.  “It’s not Bruce,” he said.~*~“Stay here,” Steve went on, pushing past Bucky into the hallway. “Seriously, Bucky. Stay in my room. Okay?”Bucky took a stutter step forward, lost his balance, and caught himself on the bed frame. “What is it, the cops?” he asked. “What’s going on?”Steve shut the door to the bedroom on Bucky’s protestations. He retrieved the cash Bucky had given him weeks earlier from where he’d stashed it and opened the door.Rumlow’s arms were crossed across his chest like armor. “I’m Crossbones,” he said. “Are you the one who texted me?”“Yes,” Steve said. “I change my mind. Here’s $500 for your trouble in coming out here. I’m very sorry.”Rumlow’s face registered shock and surprise, and for a second Steve thought it was for him. But then he realized that Rumlow’s gaze aimed over Steve’s shoulder.“What the hell?” Rumlow said. He looked back at Steve, then over Steve’s shoulder again. “Was this supposed to be some kind of setup?”“No, no, fuck, Rumlow, no,” Bucky’s voice came from the foyer. Steve closed his eyes and focused on breathing, lest he yell something unwise. “I’m sorry,” Bucky went on. “It’s not. I have no idea what’s going on here. Honest.”Rumlow took the envelope, plucking it from Steve’s fingers like a potentially poisonous flower. He cracked it open. “If that’s case,” he said, thumbing the money, “you have a sugar daddy who can throw $500 around for nothing. So why are you working for  me ?”Bucky’s voice when he answered cracked, high, like he was fighting tears. “Oh, shit. I wish you hadn’t said that.”Honestly, Steve wasn’t surprised. He only wished he was. “Are you selling drugs, Bucky?” he asked, pivoting around.Bucky slumped against the foyer wall. “Are you  buying them?”“No. I’m trying to find you.”At that, Bucky did start crying, his face twisted up with the miserable unselfconsciousness of liquor. “Oh,” he managed after a minute.“Sorry to break up whatever this is,” Rumlow said. “I hope this doesn’t mean I won’t see you in the morning.”“No, you will  not, ” Steve said, rounding on him. “Take your money and get out of here and lose my address.”“Uh-huh.” Rumlow smiled. “See you tomorrow, Bucky.” He started down the path toward the sidewalk, but then he turned and added, “Bucky, you do know that even if this guy offered you the kind of money you need, you couldn't accept it, right?”Bucky did his best to control his voice. “I do know that.”“Good.” Rumlow’s car door slammed.Steve shut the door on the sound of his engine pulling away, and Bucky’s sobs redoubled. He sunk down to the floor, crying lavishly, hands over his face.Steve didn’t know whether he should let himself feel sympathy or not, considering Bucky’s tears were mostly thanks to vodka. He wished he could sit down on the floor with Bucky, but in the foyer there was nothing that would help him get back up.He settled for leaning as far forward as he could, and carding a hand through Bucky’s hair.When Bucky settled down, head tucked into his knees, Steve’s anger had settled down too. He said, softly, “Stay here tonight. Don’t do whatever you’re supposed to do tomorrow with him. We will figure all of this out together. What he said about the money is true, Buck.”“I can’t just do that. It doesn’t just work like that.”“Why  not ?”Bucky shook his head, face still buried in his knees; Steve couldn’t see his expression, but his shoulders sagged and the way he’d pulled himself into a tight ball didn’t say anything good about his mental state.“Then what are you going to do?”A second passed, Bucky frozen still. Steve didn’t breath.Bucky stood up and pushed past Steve to the front door. “I’m going, that’s what. You weren’t supposed to find out about Rumlow.  You weren’t supposed to ever see me like this. It’s all fucked up now.”“We can unfuck it!”Bucky whirled. “Can we?” He smiled. “Do you really think I have the strength for that? If I did, I wouldn’t do shit like this in the first place, Steve!”He opened the front door. Wet night blew in again, and Steve felt a clammy shiver. “If you leave right now, Bucky – you don’t come back. I have intense, unreasonable feelings for you. And yes, I’m lonely. But I have limits. There is an upper limit to the number of times I will beg you to let me help you before I feel too stupid to ever try again. There is an upper limit to the number of times you can leave and come back without me feeling too rebuked and pathetic to ever feel good in this relationship – if that’s even what it is. Those limits have been reached.  Don’t leave .”For a minute Bucky’s hand lifted from the door knob, hovering, his posture coiled to spring.
 Turn around. Close the door and turn around. 
“I’m glad,” Bucky said.He went out into the night, shutting the door behind him with a soft click.



Chapter End Notes
Stick with me. The pain ends at some point.


Chapter 10
Chapter Summary
Everyone decides what to do next.




[Paraplegia Support Forums → Mental Health Issues → Thread: New] 

[Thread: New Here, Social Anxiety Issues You Could Say? Need Support, Encouragement.]
[User: HeyItsSteve]

“Hi everyone. 

I’m new here. This is my first post. My name is Steve. I’m paraplegic b/c of a thoracic vertebrae injury, T4, which I got about seven years ago. But I’m not posting here for support having to do directly with my injury or disability … 

I stopped going outside six years ago. Literally, I stopped. I have a home, and I inherited some money. So I had my home outfitted so that I could be completely independent here, and I never left. 

I have no family. And I have lost contact with all my friends from before my injury, as they were all people from a hobby I both no longer can engage in, and wouldn’t want to if I could. And I do NOT think that anyone would want to be friends with someone like me, let alone have a relationship with someone like me. So I don’t know how I could ever find the courage to try to really be a part of the world. 

Also, I literally cannot stand it when I go out into the world and people do the things that people do to people like me. There is no part of it I can handle. 

So I’m completely alone, and I don’t think I know how to fix it. I guess I just wanted to know if anyone had any advice, or similar experiences. I was so afraid to go out into the world the way I am now that I decided not to, but now I realize I can’t live like this forever. I’m miserable. Everything that DOES happen to me feels so intense and crazy because SO LITTLE happens to me. 

Anyway, thank you guys for having this forum, and thanks to the mods for doing what you do.” 

[Reply]
[User: SamCanFuckingFly (mod)] 

“Hey Steve, 

We’ve all been there to some extent, man. It can feel like we can’t relate to other people anymore, or like they can’t relate to us. It can feel like you’re at a massive disadvantage to do something that’s ALREADY hard in our society: Make real connection with people. Because they look at us and they see the disability instead of the person, so how could they connect with us, right? 

But it isn’t really always like that. There’s a ton of good people out there that get past it faster than we expect them to, when we get like that. And the ones who don’t? Fuck them. I know how unsatisfying an answer that is, politically and theoretically. But practically, sometimes … that’s all we got. You  have to look around certain things and focus on other things if you want to be motivated to go out into the world, and trust me, you DO want to be motivated to go out into the world. It’s worth it. I promise you that. 

Plus, you can always come here. Always. I hope to see you around here, if you need it. I’ll be rooting for you. You can DM me if you want.” 

[DM to User: SamCanFuckingFly]
“Did you ever do what I did?” 

[SamCanFuckingFly]
“Not exactly. But I did reduce my contact with the outside world for a while, to the point where I considered it a problem. Part of it was on purpose, part of it wasn’t, but I do sympathize.” 

[HeyItsSteve]
“When you first started seeing people more again did you feel like every connection you made was the most important thing in the world? Did you feel like people had too much power over you?” 

[SamCanFuckingFly]
“I know what you mean. They have whole lives, and you have less than that. Maybe you feel like you just have them and your computer. Right?” 

[HeyItsSteve]
“And my cat.” 

[SamCanFuckingFly]
“Lol. Yeah. Look, the best advice I can giive you is this: Come up with some things you loved to do before your injury, and find a way to do those things OUTSIDE YOUR HOUSE, WITH other people.” 

[HeyItsSteve]
“That’s a good idea. Maybe someday.” 

[SamCanFuckingFly]
“Sooner the better, Steve. No one lives forever. And the world’s not going to change to make it easier some day.” 

[HeyItsSteve]
“You’re right. Thank you. Is your sn name ironic?]

[SamCanFuckingFly]
“Yeah buddy. Got a problem?”

[HeyItsSteve]
“No I love it desperately.” 

[SamCanFuckingFly]
“You seem like a good egg, Steve. Message any time.” 

~*~ 


Two days after Bucky left, Steve called Natasha. 

“That lecturer you texted me about,” he said. The sky rumbled outside his living room window. “Has she come yet?” 

“It’s on Wednesday,” Natasha said simply. “Would you like to be my date?” 

“It’s open to the public?” 

“Doesn’t matter. I’ll get you in. I’m on the committee that brought her here.” 

“You would really do that for me? You barely know me.” 

“Well, I’m inheriting you from a guy I really liked. So I’ve got to be nice to you.” 

“You know he’s selling drugs, right? Like, I assume that’s become his full-time activity or something.” 

“No, I did not know that. He is using too, right?” 

Steve exhaled his answer, trying not to laugh. “Definitely.” 

“Are you still seeing him?” 

“I never was seeing him. And no.” 

“He still isn’t returning my texts.” Natasha sounded worried; had she thought this would blow over? 

“Yep. He’s a mess. I wish I could help, but he wouldn’t let me.” The tone of this, Steve thought, really hit the mark of casualness that he’d been aiming for. 

A pause. Then, “Mm. We can get from your house to the lecture hall on – without a vehicle. I can swing by at 7 and we’ll go over together.” 

“You can say ‘on foot.’ There’s not a better term.” 

“On wheel, Steve. We can get there on wheel.” 

She was alright. “Is … Bruce going?” 

“Probably. I’ll make him meet us there.” 

“O–kay. Okay, that sounds good.” 

~*~ 

Steve was fine. 

It was a record-long early-summer rainy season. He fired his lawn maintenance guy, giving him a “severance package” to help him out while he found a new customer as good as Steve. 

Then he rehired his maintenance guy, apologizing profusely. He threw out all his ale and did not order any more. 

He messaged SamCanFuckingFly every day for four days with increasing terror over the lecture. 

“Someone’s going to say something,” he wrote on Tuesday. “Or do something. They’ll look at me too long or they’ll fucking pick up something I dropped on the floor, forchristsake. It doesn’t matter what it is. Someone’s going to do something. And it’s going to set me off. I’m going to get mad. I get so mad, Sam. I can’t breath, I can’t focus, everything turns into something the other person did wrong. I want to hurt them back, or else DISAPPEAR. Do you know what I mean?” 

“Steve, man. You need a therapist. I’m sorry, buddy. Everyone goes through some level of what you’re going through – and everyone needs support. But we all handle things a little differently. And you need, I think, multiple prongs of support. Know what I mean?” 

That hadn’t been exactly what Steve wanted to hear. But it did sound like the truth. “I’m scared.” 

“I know, Steve. I’m thinking of you, man.” 

Steve was not fine. 

Steve was so scared. And he couldn’t even say what he was scared of. Not the lecture. 

He was afraid of his life. His future. Himself, and his weaknesses. Life stretched out like a blank, restless slate ahead of him, every day a struggle to corral his maelstrom of thoughts, every day a slurry of wanting to do better, and failing, wanting to do better, and failing. Because well, he couldn’t 

stop 

trying. He was too miserable to stop trying. But he also could not 

succeed

. His life would be a Groundhog’s Day of stops and starts toward the simple goal of being 

normal. 


So Steve was scared. 

And Steve was lonely. He’d thought he made the most of his time with Bucky. But he hadn’t. Steve 

should 

have told Bucky everything about himself. He should have forced out all the details, laid bare all his silly, disastrous stupidity, and asked that Bucky do the same. 

That 

is what he should have done. That was the key, the missing piece. 

Steve knew that this is what he should have done in the pit of his belly, the way you know the deepest, worst truths, like that you’re going to die and capitalism exists. 

He knew this because he started to cry. He hadn’t cried from 

emotional 

pain in so long. But now, sometimes, like a tribute to Bucky’s sobbing the night they almost slept together, he cried at the loss of Bucky, at how scared he was of the future, and at – yes – he cried at what he’d done to himself. 

And all he could think as he cried was that it was a waste. It was a waste because he should have cried with Bucky. He should have let Bucky see this. His tears should be for the future and for the past, not for the present; the present should have been with Bucky. They should have had at least that, even if they cried. 

Steve cried more than once a day for all four days leading up to the lecture. 

On Wednesday, Natasha came to pick him up wearing a smart black dress and a neutral expression. 

“I can’t do it,” Steve said, hovering in his front door. He was wearing a T-shirt and jeans because it’s all he owned. He’d found his tennis shoes, yes; but he certainly didn’t have any slacks or a jacket. He’d never planned to need any. 

“If that’s true, it’s fine. But is it true?” 

Steve rolled a tentative few inches outside. “No. I can go.” 

“Okay. Shall we?” 

He rolled back. “I can’t go.” 

Natasha sat down on the front step, and leaned on her arms. “Why can’t you go?” 

“I get mad, sometimes. It’s irrational. But it can affect me for days afterward. I’m scared of how intense it is. I’m scared of how I lose myself to it.” 

“Mad how?” 

“About how people treat me.” 

“Well, you’re probably not wrong to be mad.” 

“It’s not that I’m wrong to 

be 

mad. It’s 

how 

mad I get that’s wrong.” 

“That’s fair. How about this. Let’s take a lap around the block. Then you can see how you feel.” 

Steve pulled in a breath, held it, and let it out. “Okay,” he said. He nodded. “Okay.” 

He hadn’t had a ramp installed in the front yard, because he’d never planned to leave. Natasha looked at him, and then at the step, with no expression. 

“Sure,” Steve said. “Thank you.” 

His teeth hurt from how he gritted them as she got him down the two small steps, but once they were down and she took her hands away to let him move himself, his jaw loosened and he found that he could breath. 

The grainy texture of the concrete sidewalk affected the movement of his chair, but not badly. It was just different from the carpet he was used to. They moved away from his house, past a yellow two-story, past a house with a tire swing. Had there been a swing on that tree when he moved in? He didn’t think there had. And if there were kids that belonged to the plastic dinosaurs nestled in the tire, they probably hadn’t been born when he last saw that tree.

“How are you?” Natasha asked. 

“I’m – fine. Fine.” 

They reached the end of the block and crossed the street. The sidewalk dipped to be flush with the road on both sides, as the law dictated. Steve moved easily to the other side. 

A woman walking a beagle smiled at them and said, “Good evening.” 

“Good evening,” Natasha answered, glancing at Steve. 

“Good …” Steve watched the woman as she walked right by, and then was passed them. 

He’d been crying so much, it had started to happen easier. A heat pressed up behind his eyes, and he had to will it back down. 

They arrived back at Steve’s house, and his whole body shook. The tears pressed at him. Every muscle in his body would need a solid hour to loosen up. 

“How do you feel?” Natasha asked. “You seem – tense.” 

“You could say that.” 

“Do you want to go inside?” 

“No. I can go on. I can do it. 

Wait

. No I can’t. I can. Oh, god.” 

“Maybe you don’t need to push it, Steve.” 

A few tears escaped. “Maybe not.” He gave up and put his head in his hands. 

He cried again that night, but for the first time he did it in front of someone else. 

“You’ll miss the lecture,” Steve said when they’d returned inside. 

“I’ve decided that’s okay.” 

In the end, Natasha saw the second half of the speech; from what she said later, he fell asleep by 8 p.m. 

The next day, Steve called in sick. It felt like he’d written an encyclopedia in one go, or lifted a stone at Stonehenge. Something important felt weakened, depleted. He did not cry that day. He watched the tiny sliver of light around his blackout curtains change to afternoon’s yellow and then evening’s purple. He moved only to eat a salami sandwich, mostly just scrolling through threads on his new support forum without posting a thing. 


“Want to try again sometime?” Natasha texted him the day after that. 

“What are you” Steve texted back, “my mom?” 

“Is that a yes?” 

“Yes. When I’m ready. Don’t know when.” 

That day was better. He went back to work. He actually posted to the forum. He ate regular meals, and climbed into bed on time. He still felt like he’d been tied to a lead weight, but … maybe he’d take what he could get. 

He tried not to think about an endless cycle of trying and failing stretching out into the future for the rest of his life, and closed his eyes to sleep. 

At 3 a.m., a knock from his back door awoke him. 

~*~ 

All sleepiness fell away and Steve was at attention. He swung into his chair. Dim light from the clocks in the kitchen barely illuminated the living room as Steve approached the door. 

“Who is it?” He kept his voice hard, level. If it was Bucky, Steve … didn’t know what he would do. He didn’t know. His heart could barely stand even the 

thought. 


But then a female voice said, “It’s Bruce and Natasha.”

… Oh. What? “You guys. As much as I’d love to hang out, it’s 3 a.m. What’s up?” 

“We know, and we’re sorry,” Bruce said. A pause. “Can we come in a minute?” 

Five minutes later they sat in recliners side by side, La Croixs perched on their knees, Steve across from them. 

“Okay,” Steve said. “What’s up?” 

The friends exchanged a glance. Natasha started, “We’re …” Her manicured thumb dug into the side of her soda. 

“We’re going to get him,” Bruce finished for her. “Steve, you were right and I was wrong. We can’t just let him self destruct, not if we care about him. We’re going now, tonight. We know where he is. After you told Natasha he was working with Rumlow, she found some people to ask, and found out what he’s been up to.”

A cacophony of reactions buffeted Steve from the inside. But what came out his mouth was, “I – was right?” He could feel himself blinking, mute and shocked. 

Bruce’s eyes were earnest and calm, but – scared? “You were. Do you want to come? I wanted to give you the chance. You being there might just be the key we need to persuade him to … try. To leave what he’s doing and try to do something better. I mean, maybe it won’t even help. Maybe our odds are zero either way. It’s 

hard 

to stop active addition. But I wanted to give you the option to come. Do you want to come?”

Steve ran his hands up and down his thighs, which were beginning to ache. The blanket he always kept on his lap was ratty and pilled, and he dreaded the day when he would have to take it into the world. 

So replace the thing, idiot. 


He shook his head, marshaling his feelings. “I told him we were through. I told him not to come back, because he’d jerked me around too many times and he wouldn’t let me help him.” 

The pair absorbed this, and exchanged another look. Natasha shook her head, and Bruce nodded. “That’s your right,” Bruce said. “I just wanted to give you the chance.” 


The chance. 


“Where is he?” Steve asked. 

Natasha answered, “He’s staying at a hotel suite with Rumlow. They scored a large quantity of coke. Rumlow uses Bucky to get into places to sell it, since he’s so pretty. They’re building themselves a market. From what I understand, it’s not going so great. Bucky’s too fucked up even for that kind of work. He’s been to the hospital twice in the last ten days. But Rumlow isn’t going to just let him go. That’s not the kind of guy he is. Plus, Steve, I’m sorry to have to tell you this–”

“They’re sleeping together?” 

Natasha’s face answered the question. “I’m sorry,” she said. 

Steve’s stomach pitched at the very mention of sleeping with Bucky as Bucky was now. 

I cannot believe I almost did. 

“Trust me,” he said. “I’m not jealous.” 

“So do you want to come?” Bruce said. “Or do you need time to think? We can wait a little while. There’s no pressing reason it has to be right now – except for the obvious, which is that every hour we leave him there is another hour of whatever he’s doing.” 

“Why has he gone to the hospital?” 

Natasha’s hair swished as she shook her head. “That I don’t know. But he only stayed overnight once.” 

Steve breathed, “Fuck. You know what I think? I think Rumlow has some power over him. I think … I think he might have information about Bucky. Information Bucky doesn’t want anyone to know.” 

Natasha pointedly looked back at her soda. “He’s doing this to himself,” she said. “Bucky is choosing this freely. No one’s making him. Rumlow’s slimy but he’s not a kidnapper. And besides, Bucky could work for Rumlow without getting so wasted he ends up in the hospital. Rumlow would probably prefer it.” 

“I’m not saying Bucky isn’t choosing this,” Steve said. “I’m saying it all might be more complicated than we realize.” 

Natasha bobbed her head. “Fair enough.” 

“So,” Steve said, “what will we have to do? Once we get to the hotel … what will we do?” 

Bruce and Natasha looked at him, eyes wide. “So you’re coming?” 

Steve’s own words echoed in his memory: 

There is an upper limit to the number of times I will beg you to let me help you–


Well. There was also an upper limit, Steve thought wryly, to the number of times he could tell himself he didn’t care, or that he would be better off if he didn’t care. 


One more chance. I give him one more chance. 


“He has to come with us willingly,” Steve said. “Or I’m through.” 

~*~

They took a handicapped-accessible cab – and they were off to a bad fucking start, because Steve did 

not 

like that term. He gripped the arms of his chair until his hands hurt as they drove through the streets of the city, passing closed restaurants, open bars, and porch-lit duplexes. 

The hotel itself was neither seedy nor upscale, with neat rows of beige-curtained windows and the words “Extended Stay” in cursive on the sign. Tidy zero-scaping encircled the squat building as they pulled up to the curb. 

“Can you keep the meter running?” Steve asked once they were all on the sidewalk. He held his credit card halfway between himself and the machine like a question mark. 

“What are you going in there to do?” the cabbie asked, squinting. 

Natasha answered, “We’re retrieving a friend from a bad relationship.” 

“Drugs?” 

Natasha widened her eyes, innocent. “Why would you say that?” 

“It’s this hotel. Look. I’ll decide when you guys get here, based on whether or not your friend looks like they’ll mess up my cab, whether I’m willing to take you back. How’s that for a deal?” 

This was the best they could do, so Steve put his card back in his wallet and the trio made for the nearest entrance. 

It was surreal, for Steve, to be moving about the world and talking to people – familiar and yet unfamiliar, like something out of another life. Bruce held the door for Steve, but he also held it for Natasha, so Steve swallowed down his feelings about it and moved into the lobby. 

It smelled of stale coffee and cleaning fluid. “Do we know the room number?” he asked Natasha. 

Bruce’s eyes cut sideways to Steve. “Are you okay? You’re breathing really hard.” 

“Fine. Let’s get a move on.” 

“This way,” Natasha said. She pointed down one hallway just where a pair of signs indicated which room numbers were in which directions. 


They piled into an elevator. As they rode, Natasha’s fingertips brushed the back of Steve’s cramping hands where they gripped his chair arms. 

Steve’s shoulders relaxed an inch. 

He wished he didn’t feel this way, half-hazy with confusion and mild hyperventilation. What would they see, when they got there? What would Bucky be doing? What would he say? Steve didn’t have answers to the kinds of questions he thought Bucky might ask, or counters to the kinds of truth Bucky might sling. The unfortunate truths that had driven Bucky away from Steve also made Steve feel like he 

should 

be away from Bucky. He didn’t have answers for himself; how could he have them for Bucky? 

On the third floor, about halfway down, Natasha stopped. “Should be this one.” 

Together they looked at the door. Behind it, a television played machine guns sounds and bottled male voices. But beneath that, faintly … Steve thought he could hear other voices. He wasn’t sure. 

Bruce rubbed his stubbled cheek. “Should we knock?” 

“Do we have no plan at 

all

?” Steve asked. 

“Sure we do,” Natasha said. “Get Bucky.” Her slim white hand darted out. She wrapped on the door three times. 

Something clattered behind the door. “What …” said Bucky’s unmistakable voice, low and fuzzy and a little cracked. “Did you hear that? What time is it?” 

Rumlow’s voice: “Shut up a second.” Footsteps. 

Rumlow laughed as he opened the door. “How the shit do you three know each other? And what the hell is 

your”–

he pointed at Steve– “deal? Are you a cop? I assumed you weren’t, since you’re crippled, but I guess I could be wrong.”

“We’re all friends of Bucky’s, is how we know each other,” Natasha said. “And that’s why we’re here. We don’t want any trouble. I’ll even make a big buy if that’s what it takes for you to let us talk to him.” 

“Seeing as Bucky is a free adult, I assume that if you haven’t spoken to him at a normal hour in a normal way, that he doesn’t 

want 

to talk to you?” 

Steve craned his neck around Rumlow, trying to see into the room. The room seemed normal, though there were scattered liquor bottles, mostly empty. He couldn’t see Bucky, or anyone else. 

“A thousand dollars,” Natasha said. “Would a buy like that get me Bucky out here right now?” 

Bruce’s feet shuffled and he crossed his arms. “Natasha, are you sure you want to do that?” 

Natasha’s eyes didn’t leave Rumlow. 

Rumlow’s eyebrows rose. “Sure,” he said. “If you actually have that kind of cash.” 

“This is why you kept saying we didn’t need a plan,” Bruce said. “Christ, Natasha. We didn’t come here to save Bucky but fuck up 

your

–”

“Bruce, stop.” 

“Fine.” 

Rumlow counted the cash Natasha handed over. “Bucky!” he said. “Peel yourself off the floor and get over here.” 

A miserable, unsteady voice answered, “Why?” 

“It’s your friends. They want to talk to you.” 

“You 

are,

” Natasha interjected, “going to give me the product too, aren’t you?” 

“Hold your titties. Yes.” 

From inside the room, around the corner where they couldn’t see, the sound of coughing and rustling blankets indicated that Bucky was, at least, alive and moving. Steve’s heart pounded in his throat. His hands would have been shaking if he hadn’t been gripping his chair so hard. 


Be okay. Be okay. 


A thump came from inside the room. A moment later, Bucky staggered around the corner. 

As he drew up to the door, into the light from the hallway, Steve could see that he looked worse, overall, than ever before. He wore only basketball shorts. Several days of stubble roughened his cheeks. His bloodshot eyes didn’t lift from the floor, like he didn’t even care to try to focus them on the world anymore. He’d managed to lose the weight Steve had put on him and maybe a little bit more. 

His shoulder hit the wall with a thunk when he got to the doorway, bracing there for support. 

But none of that was the worst part. The worst part was the bottle of vodka he held, blatantly and apparently without shame. He took several long pulls from it – enough to get a normal person drunk from zero, and Bucky obviously was nowhere close to zero. “‘M here then.” He took another pull. 

“I’ll go get the product for you, Nat,” Rumlow said, and disappeared. 

Steve could not handle this. All that he wanted to say were curse words. How could Bucky 

do this 

to himself? 

How

? Steve had offered him safety, health, and comfort, and Bucky had chosen this miserable, trembling 

sickness 

instead. 

Bruce found his voice first. “Come with us,” he said, quiet enough that Rumlow might not hear. “We’re here to help you. You don’t have to stay here and keep doing this. I know it probably feels like you can’t stop. But you can. We will help you.” 

At that, a scintilla of interest sparked and died in Bucky’s eyes. He almost glanced up at them. But then he just took another drink, eyes fixed on the floor. “What,” he said. He rubbed his red-rimmed, watery eyes. “Maybe later.” 

“

No,

” Steve said. “Not later. Right now. You’re coming with us. You’re going to let us help you. What the hell are you even doing here?” 

Bucky’s head swung back and forth slightly. “Some day, maybe.” He took another drink. 

“How much have you had to drink?” Bruce asked. 

“Today is like 17 drinks so far. What time is it? Could be more.” He seemed to notice the bottle in his hand, and looked down at it. He blinked at it and shook it a little. “It’s more.” 

“Okay,” Natasha said. “This is not optional. We came here to get you. We’re taking you away.” She reached out and grabbed one of his arms. Bruce followed suit. 

To Steve’s immense surprise, Bucky didn’t resist. He didn’t really 

help

, but he didn’t resist. 

Natasha maneuvered an unsteady Bucky into the hallway. “Let’s go.” 

“Lemme get my other bottle,” Bucky said, plaintive. “This one’s almost done.”

Steve was going to be sick. Did this even count as going willingly? Was Bucky even 

capable 

of doing anything willingly, right now? 

Rumlow appeared in the doorway holding a brown parcel about the size of a jewelry box. “What are you doing?” 

Bucky froze. “I … don’t know. I don’t remember.” 

“Don’t give me that 

shit

. Get back in here. We have a job to finish.” 

Natasha snatched the parcel from Rumlow’s hands. “He’s finished,” she said. “We’re going.” 

She led Bucky, and Bruce and Steve followed. For a solid moment it seemed like they might 

actually get away. 


But then Steve felt a tug like his chair had snagged on something. 

The next thing he knew, the world pitched sideways and forward. His shoulder slammed to the carpeted floor, his chair pressing down on his legs and hips. Someone let out a cry. 

“Get back here!” Rumlow called. 

“What the 

fuck

,” someone said. Someone else shouted wordlessly. 

Steve could only see feet, a tangled confusion of feet. The pair of bare feet stumbled. 

Rage zipped up and down Steve’s spine. If he were capable of killing Rumlow, he would have sprang up and 

done it then. 


Hands clamped around Steve’s upper arms and hauled him to sitting. He threw them off. “Stop. I don’t need help. 

Stop

.” 

Natasha sat back on her heels. “Okay, okay.” 

Steve’s head spun. Whether it spun with outrage or disorientation, he wasn’t sure; maybe both. 

Bucky had disappeared. Just as Steve looked back at the door, it slammed shut. 

The hallway was a mile long in either direction. Steve’s chair, a few feet away, was on the other side of a ravine. One wheel spun in the air, the seat wedged against the floor. It probably weighed ten times what Steve did; he could never lift it. 

Could people see him? How many people? Were people watching him from their rooms? Did they 

pity 

him? Did they want to 

help

? 

His breathing sped up. His chest hurt. Natasha said something. She was speaking. Speaking to him. 

“Shut up!” Steve shouted. His hands went to his ears and he pressed down; maybe if everything would shut up, he could make his head stop spinning. “Shut up. Don’t look at me. Don’t look at me. Please.” 

He couldn’t get enough air. Was there even air in here? 

Why had he come here? Why had he left his house?


There was no air. 

“Leaving,” said a voice – a familiar voice. It cut through the spinning. 

“What?” Natasha asked. 

Steve opened his eyes. “Leaving,” Bucky repeated. He walked toward them on his own, flip flops on his feet and a backpack in his hand instead of a bottle. “We’re leaving. Now. Go.” As he spoke he stooped and righted Steve’s chair. “Steve, le’me help you. Okay?” 

Bucky’s unfocused eyes seemed to shimmer and pitch; but their movement almost comforted Steve, because it mirrored the movement in his head. “I can’t breath,” Steve said. 

“S’get you up.” Bucky’s hands found the same spot on Steve’s rib cage they’d found once before to help Steve in and out of his chair. Steve’s breathing neither improved nor worsened. 

Then they were moving. Someone pushed Steve’s chair; probably Bruce, since he could see Natasha and Bucky ahead of him, Bucky weaving and Natasha doing her best to drag him back on course. 

“You asked for it!” Rumlow’s voice roared from behind them. “Bucky, you asked for it. Kids. Guys. Bucky’s ‘friends.’” He pronounced that word like it was a joke. “Are you ready to hear Bucky’s secret?” 

They paid this no mind; there was nothing Steve wanted from Rumlow. 

“Bucky,” Rumlow went on anyway, “ruined his pretty younger sister’s life. He crippled her. You know why he has a hard on for you, kid in the wheelchair? It’s because he put his sister in a wheelchair just like yours, back in our hometown. She was going to be a gymnast, and now she just sits in a chair all day because Bucky here couldn’t be bothered to drive a car sober. It was in all the papers, and that’s why Bucky can never go home. The town won’t have him, not since he was 17 years old. And now I’m going to make sure people here know it, too. How will that look to all your friends? Think about it. How fucked up is that? Because even though he did 

that, 

he 

still 

can’t stop drinking. Not even five years later. You still want him?” 

Natasha, Bucky, and Bruce all froze. 




Chapter 11



Steve’s lungs burned. The room spun.Bucky jerked away from Natasha and molded himself against the wall, then slid down it and hid his head between his knees.Spots burst at the edges of Steve’s vision. Could you have a heart attack just from your pulse going too fast? He could feel it in his throat, hands, and toes, heavy and distracting.“Yeah, we do, you utter and complete ridiculous asshole,” Bruce said. Steve couldn’t remember what Bruce was answering. “Besides, that doesn’t sound like it’s your story to tell, so shut the fuck up.”… Right. Rumlow had said that Bucky … He ruined his sister  , Rumlow had said.  And he still can’t stop drinking .This was bad. Steve could admit that this was bad.“We do,” Steve forced out. He still couldn’t get enough air.Bucky pulled his hands away from his head and looked up at Steve blearily. “Steve,” he said, “you’re gonna hyper.” He paused, then went on, pronouncing each letter carefully, “Hyperventilate. Slow down.”“You’re serious?” Rumlow said.“We’re serious, and we’re leaving,” Natasha answered. She knelt and heaved Bucky up off the floor; either she was very strong, or Bucky was as light as he looked.Bucky’s backpack clinked as he rose, and Steve felt his nostrils flair; there were probably bottles of liquor in there. But Steve was too distracted and disoriented to say anything about it.“Fine, then,” Rumlow said; Steve didn’t bother to look at him. “You can have him for now. Nat, you come back if you move all that product.”They made it to the elevator. Bruce mashed the “Elevator Close” button. “No, thanks,” Natasha shouted just as the doors slid shut. “I have suppliers who  don’t try to ruin people’s lives.”The door shut.Bucky hung off Natasha, chin sunk to his chest, his burst of clarity apparently over.In the quiet of the elevator, Steve could hear how fast his own breathing had become. He could hear his own heartbeat. The world was awash in the blood pounding at his temples.But his thoughts were the worst. His thoughts were a din:
 He ruined his sister. And he still can’t stop drinking. 
Steve’s knuckles hurt from curling into fists. Rumlow had  dumped him out of his chair. … And then Bucky had come. Bucky had come with them of his own free will.But …  what hope is there for Buck and I now? If Bucky’s history was as bad as Steve’s own – worse, arguably – what hope did they have? They didn’t have enough strength between them to stand up against all that. Did they?“Can I touch your arm?” Bruce asked. “It helps some people.”Steve nodded a tiny nod, and Bruce rubbed up and down Steve’s forearm in a slow rhythm. It did help, a little; Steve tried to match his breathing to the pace of it.“S’Steve okay?” Bucky asked.The elevator doors opened on the lobby.“I’ll be okay, Buck,” Steve made himself say.Bucky’s bowed head bounced a little.They made it to the cab. The cabbie took one look at Bucky and said “I’ll take you but he has to hold this bag, and the fare is doubled.”By the time they pulled out of the parking lot, Bucky in the seat beside where Steve had been situated, Steve’s breathing and his spinning head were overwhelming. He pressed his hands into his chair arms, feeling oddly like if he took pressure off his rib cage he could  breath ; feeling like he needed grounding, somehow, but he didn’t know how.“Are you a – good driver?” Steve asked.“Me?” The cabbie blinked into the rearview mirror.In the seat beside Steve, Bucky’s body sprawled, unconscious or very close to it, the brown paper bag clutched to his chest.“Answer the question.” Steve tried to lift himself up off his chair, just a little. “Are you a good  fucking driver?”“Steve,” Bruce said. “It’s okay. You’re having a panic attack.”“I just want some proof that–”Bucky’s hand appeared on Steve’s chest, and Steve stopped. “It’s okay, Stevie.”“It’s not okay,” Steve said, and he hated that his voice came out a  whine.  “Nothing is okay. Nothing will  ever  be okay. You’re so drunk you keep forgetting what happened five seconds ago. He  dumped me out of my chair.  Natasha  saw  me, she tried to  help . Rumlow …” Steve felt nauseous; the cabbie had misplaced his brown paper bag.“I don’t mean all that,” Bucky said. “I mean you can breath. And the cab ride s’just a cab ride.”Natasha’s voice came from behind them: “Plus, technically we completed our mission.”Bucky’s hand was a warm, shaky weight. Steve relaxed the muscles of his arms, lowering himself back down into his chair.“Bucky,” he said. “I have to tell you something.”Bucky’s bloodshot, half-closed eyes seemed to rove across Steve’s face. “Are you sure?”“I’m sure. I know you might forget it. I’ll just tell you again. Listen. I was trying to kill myself. I didn’t even take precautions against hurting anybody else. I had a motorcycle and I crashed it. My parents died, and I  – I’d been a lonely kid. I graduated high school at 16. I was supposed to go to college, but both my parents died, and I … lost it. A year after they died, I drove my motorcycle off an overpass. It’s just by luck that I didn’t do this to someone  else  . I was young and emotional and  stupid . That’s why I don’t deserve anyone’s sympathy for anything, and I never will. And that’s why … I didn’t feel fit for human company, for such a long time.”Bucky’s eyelids fluttered, like even through  that he couldn’t quite stay conscious. “You’re lying. You’re trying to make me feel better.”“I’m not. And I can’t imagine finding out that I’m damaged goods because I  chose  to be could make you feel  better . That’s not what this is for. It’s for–” Why am I doing this  ? Bucky would just forget it, or remember it in pieces.  Do we even have a future ?Steve realized he was breathing more normally only when he took a deep breath, and the breath was satisfying. He exhaled and  felt his heart rate slow.“It’s for us,” Steve said. “I should have told you before. I should have made you tell me the things you keep inside. But.” Steve shook his head and laughed to remember it: “I didn’t want to lose you.”Tears welled up in Bucky’s eyes with that unique alcoholic celerity. “Stevie … There’s still an ‘us’? After what Rumlow …  Fuck,  I wish I was sober. I wish I could have something to say.”“It’s okay,” Steve said. The cab had gone silent beside their voices. Steve was almost sure there had been a radio playing before, but there wasn’t now. “There could still be an us. You  will be sober. And we’ll talk about it then.”Bucky’s lips pressed together and his eyes slid away, and for a second – one agonizing second – Steve was sure he’d argue.But then his eyes snapped back with a facsimile of their sober focus. “I’m gonna be sick, Stevie.”“Use the bag!” the cabbie called.Bucky’s sleepy eyes blinked. “What? No. I don’t mean right now. I mean I’m going to be sick if I stop drinking.”“I know,” Steve started, but Bruce cut him off – “We know. I was going to say something. I vote hospital.”“You think,” Bucky said, with the tiniest glint of humor, “I have  health insurance ?”“You don’t need it,” Steve said. “I’ll pay. Get what you need. Please.”Bucky raised his voice. “Absolutely not–”“ No,  ” Steve said, raising his voice even louder. Bucky shut his mouth. “I’m  through  with you refusing help. It doesn’t fucking  matter that it’s financial help. Bucky, money is a construct. It does not constitute value.”“That’s an easy thing to say for a guy who … Fuck.” Buck collapsed back into his seat. “I’m so tired. I’m sick  now  . Steve, what if I just had a …” He reached for his backpack – which, Steve remembered, had been  clinking  – his hands shaking as he pulled at the zipper with an eager desperation.But … then he stopped. He looked up at Steve, and that weird semi-focusing came back into his eyes. “Nevermind. Someone take my backpack from me please.”Natasha’s hand shot forward and pulled it off the seat so fast, she might’ve already been planning it before Bucky said anything.“I know a place,” Bucky said on a sigh. “We should just go straight there. I’ve already looked it up. It will cost $8,000.”“You know a place,” Steve repeated. The iron band around his rib cage loosened another inch, and he took another deep breath, then repeated, “You know a place. You already looked it up. When did you look it up?”“I’m honestly not even sure. There were just a bunch of rehab tabs open on my phone when I woke up yesterday. I must have blacked out and done some research.”This was unaccountably heartening. Steve took another deep breath.“Bucky?” Natasha asked.Bucky rested his head on his hand and closed his eyes. “Yeah?”“You have almost $15,000 in this bag.”Bucky’s eyes opened. “He actually paid me?”“He actually paid you.”“In that case,” Bucky said, pulling out his phone. “Here’s the number to Oakmont … something. Ask if they take cash.”He gave Natasha the number, and passed out.~*~After some convincing and a few tears from Natasha – which Steve suspected were contrived – Oakmont Detox and Recovery center accepted the intermittently conscious man that Natasha, Bruce, and Steve deposited upon their doorstep.And they gladly accepted the check Steve wrote.“He’s not paying for detox,” Steve muttered to Natasha as they stood in the clean reception room, “with  drug money. ”They would keep him 9 days, the orderly at the intake desk said. Steve sat with Bucky while they asked him a round of questions about himself and his drinking:“How many drinks per day, and for how long?”“Between twelve and twenty every day for three weeks. Before that I was sober three months.”“Have you detoxed before?”“Dozens of times. I’ve been trying to quit as long as I’ve been drinking.”“Drugs other than alcohol?”“Coke, E, hallucinogens.”Within an hour of arriving, Steve was back on the sidewalk outside the clinic, Natasha and Bruce standing silent and shellshocked beside him.“Well,” Bruce said. “We did it.”Natasha let out a shaky breath that turned into a laugh. A real laugh; she almost had dimples. “We did.”Bruce pointed down the street. “Breakfast?”They sat in a booth at Jim’s Diner and watched the sun climb over the city, sipping burned coffee and eating omelets.Steve thought he wouldn’t be able to eat. But he was. Restaurant food was so different from food he cooked himself. He’d almost forgotten about it.“So what do you think?” Natasha asked. Dawn streaked her red hair copper. “I mean, about what Rumlow said.”“I think that Bucky had a lot of unprocessed baggage,” Bruce said. He took a sip of coffee. “But I really feel good about things.”Steve cocked his head. “Why’s that?” Any good news Steve didn’t know about was more than welcome.“He has the money for another year at Trinity. He might get his scholarship  back after that. And if he doesn’t, he’ll figure something out next spring. He’ll have a clearer head by then.”“You’re awfully confident,” Natasha said.“Well,” Bruce said, leaning back and crossing his arms. “It’s going to be pretty hard for him to get this bad again since I just lost my roommate, so he’ll be living with me, and we’ll be hanging out with you two all the time. We know all his secrets.”Something good – something he couldn’t quite name – rose up in Steve’s stomach. “Do you mean that?” he asked. “You want to … help him?”  You want to hang out with me “all the time”? Bruce shrugged. “I do.”Steve’s heart felt a little lighter just from that, and he almost wanted to laugh at himself. To think that just the idea of someone else helping made him feel that much better. “Awesome,” he said. “Let’s do it.”“Do what?” Natasha asked, wary. “I didn’t sign up for–”“Okay ,  Natasha,” Bruce said. “What are you going to do? Go back to selling drugs and helping to  create stories like Bucky’s? You know coke is the reason he can drink as much as he does, right?”“I never stopped selling drugs.”“But you’re going to.”Natasha glared for a second. Then she dropped her gaze. “I have been meaning to look into it.”Bruce smiled at her.“You guys?” Steve asked.Bruce hummed.“If Bucky gets out and he … relapses again. If he were to … go away for good. Or something. Would you all still want to hang—”“Never,” Natasha said. “I hate responsible, upstanding citizens who like many of the same things I like.”Bruce threw a sugar packet at Natasha. “She means yes.”~*~The next few days passed both quickly and slowly.Slowly because, every time Steve thought of Bucky, it felt like an eternity since he’d seen him and an eternity until he would.But quickly because … well. Steve was busy.The trio cleaned out Bruce’s apartment, just in case Bucky accepted the invitation to live there. They talked their way into Bucky’s place and cleaned up his room, too, though it wasn’t all that messy. Bucky must have done his relapsing mostly elsewhere, and sober Bucky was actually quite organized.This is how Steve discovered that Bucky had a poster of The X-Files star Gillian Anderson wearing a catsuit; an empty fish bowl with a post-it note drawing of a gravestone stick to it; and a collection of well-thumbed science and philosophy books that had nothing to do with electrical engineering.“I think I love this man,” Steve said, running his fingers down the series of sticky notes Bucky had affixed throughout  This Idea Is Brilliant, a book of short essays on the most radical cutting-edge ideas in science and technology.“We know,” Natasha said.They pilfered a few things from Bucky’s bedroom – sheets, towels, knick-knacks, books – and set them up in Bruce’s spare room.On Sunday, they went to the park. There was no reason for this; Natasha just asked if they wanted to go to the park.“What did you have in mind?” Bruce asked as they strolled – moved – God, Steve was going to have to decide how he wanted to think about this – down one of the park trails.“I don’t know,” Natasha said, shrugging. “Isn’t this what people do?”They bought ice cream.The next day, Steve called his doctor and made an appointment. This, he kept as a house call; he couldn’t do everything at once.“Steve!” she said. “I’m so glad to hear from you. I thought maybe you’d decided to neglect your health.”Steve told her that she wasn’t wrong, but then added, “Listen. I need a referral.”She would be more than happy, she said, to provide him with referrals for physical therapists. “But you’ll have to go their offices.”Steve said, “I know.”Maybe someday, he would look into getting a modified car. But that day was in the future. He thought that maybe both he and Bucky should process some of their pasts before either of them drove a vehicle.Bucky wrote them a letter, which they received halfway through his stay at Oakmont.“Steve, Bruce, and Natasha,I don’t remember everything about your rescue. But I do remember, oh man I most definitely remember, that it  was a rescue. I’m not sure when or if or how I would ever have pulled myself out of that one. I’ve been asking myself how I could ever pay you back. But I know I can’t. So I’m thinking maybe it’s time to stop worrying about it so much. The counselors here say I should try accepting help more.I also remember that Rumlow told you guys about me. And I guess we’ll talk about that when I get out. I don’t know if any of you still even want to be my friends, or if you just finished the rescue because you’d started it and you wanted to get it over with. Or like, you think I’m worth saving, but not worth hanging around with, and that would be fair.So I won’t write much more, since you might not even like me. Plus, they told me that while I’m here I should try to soak up as much information as I can, since I’m only here for detox and not a full treatment program. So I’ve got to go.Sincerely,Bucky”Steve wrote back immediately, and had Natasha take the letter by hand:“Bucky,If you’re trying to accept help more readily, let me pay for you to stay there 30 days.Yours,
Steve”“Steve,Okay, you opportunistic bastard. Thank you.Yours,
Bucky”And so, in this way, Steve delayed Bucky’s coming home by another three weeks.Which was okay. Steve, Natasha, and Bruce stayed busy.Then, on a Thursday morning, it was time to pick Bucky up.~*~Bucky emerged from the patient area and into the clinic’s lobby with a broad smile but diffident body language, biting his lip and shoving his hands into his pockets.But then he caught sight of them and the smile got a little more secure. “You’re all here!”“Of course we are,” Natasha said, arching one eyebrow as Bucky came toward them. “It’s summer. We’re bored.”“Wait.” Bucky stopped a few yards away. “You’re  all  here. Stevie …” He knelt on the floor in front of Steve so their eyes were on the same level. “I like your shoes.”Steve blushed. “Shut up, you jerk.”Bucky surged forward and hugged him. All the air left Steve’s body for an instant before he returned the embrace. He inhaled Bucky’s scent, shaky and grateful; Bucky smelled like soap and candy.They broke apart. “You look really good, Stevie,” Bucky said.“ I look really good?”“I am generally of that opinion, yes, but also particularly, right now. You look like maybe you got some sun.”“We’ve been going to the park,” Natasha said blandly.“The  park ?”Natasha’s expression was a challenge. “Yes.”Bucky raised his hands in surrender, still grinning. “You’ve been going to the park. Okay.”“You seem really good, Bucky,” Bruce observed.Bucky rose and hugged him, too, and then Natasha. Steve was gratified to see that neither hug was nearly as long as his had been.He did look good. Tired, subdued, but – compared to the trembling shade they’d left in this room 30 days earlier – good.“I think I am good,” Bucky said. “I mean – today, anyway. And beyond today, I think ...” He crossed his arms and shifted his feet. “I think I have a shot.”“Speaking of which,” Bruce said, maneuvering himself to start ushering them all back outside, “we have some things to ask you about.”They went back to Jim’s Diner for lunch and piled into a half-booth, Bucky and Natasha on one side, Bruce and Steve on the non-booth side. After a few seconds of looking at menus, Bucky stuck his back into the napkin holder, folded his hands, and said, “You have some things to ask me about?” with a look of trepidation.“Mmhm,” Bruce said, still looking at his own menu. “Do you want to move in with me? Cameron left when the semester ended. I need someone in that room.”Bucky fixed Bruce with a pointed look. “Okay, be real, Bruce. You know what I’m like.”Bruce shrugged. “Neat, studious, and a giant nerd? It’s a sacrifice, but it’s one I’m willing to make.”“You know what I’m  really like.”“Yeah. I just explained what you’re  really like.”Bucky’s lips parted.“Bucky,” Steve said. Bucky cut his eyes in Steve’s direction. “What did you tell me in your letter?”Pink dusted Bucky’s cheeks. He traced a finger through the condensation on his water glass. “Oh ...” He swallowed. He didn’t speak for so long that by the time he did, he’d stripped all the droplets off his drinking glass with his finger, soaking the napkin under it.Then he sighed and leaned back. “Okay. Okay, thank you. I’d really, really like to live with you right now, Bruce. It’s honestly such a good idea for me I can’t even articulate …” He trailed off with a clipped exhale, and rested his forehead on one hand.Steve, Bruce, and Natasha all exchanged glances. That had gone remarkably well.“Bucky?” Steve asked. “Are you alright?”“I’m great,” Bucky said without looking up.The waitress arrived then and took their food orders. Steve tried not to think too hard about what she thought of him, with some success.When she was gone, Bucky’s head at least was up again, though he looked tired and drained already.But he also looked … open. He blinked his red-rimmed eyes, his features relaxed, if a little sad.“We were also kind of hoping,” Steve said, partly to press their advantage and partly to distract himself from spiralling into wondering what the other  patrons in the place thought of him, “that you’d share your plan with us. Like, your recovery plan. Oakmont said you’d have one when you got out.”Bucky’s chest rose, then stopped, like he was holding his breath. His head sunk to the table, onto his arms. “Oh, my god.”Maybe Steve had been wrong. He put a hand on Bucky’s arm. “If you’re not comfortable …”“No,” Bruce said. “We live together. I need to know your plan.”Steve had unlocked a monster.“How is this happening?” Bucky asked, his voice muffled by his arms.“Bruce has decided to become very prying, is how,” Natasha said. She sipped her coffee. “Plus, we care about you, and it was scary to see you how we saw you.”Bucky groaned.“That’s true,” Steve put in. “It was scary.”“But what you  heard ,” Bucky said. “You know what I mean. How can this still be happening?”… Oh. Steve sought Bruce and Natasha’s eyes’ again. Natasha pursed her lips and Bruce sighed.“Do you want to talk about this?” Bruce asked.Bucky paused. “Yes. No. Kill me. I’m sorry.” He lifted his head. “Has he told everyone, like he said he would? There’s an article. I kept dreaming he would post it on Facebook in the Trinity groups.”“No,” Natasha said, carefully dropping her eyes. “I haven’t heard anything. He must have changed his mind for some reason. Guess he probably has secrets of his own or something, it’s crazy.”“Bucky,” Steve said, feeling like a tightrope walker. Out he went, onto the rope. “If you’re afraid what Rumlow told us is, I don’t know, so bad that we can’t like you anymore, let me just say that, at least for me, it doesn’t work like that. I don’t know why. I can definitely acknowledge that it’s a bad thing to have done. And at first, after Rumlow told us, I was struck by that, by how bad it is. But the thing is … it hasn’t changed the way I feel about you. Maybe it even should have. I don’t know. But it just hasn’t. If you want to know the truth, and maybe this is something  I  should be ashamed of, I don’t know, but if you want to know the truth, the main thing I feel about that story is sympathy for  you.  I don’t know the other people in that story. I know you. And it seems like you’re …” Steve gritted his teeth and said what he meant to say. “It seems like you’re suffering over it. It hurts you. I wonder how it affects your ability to really get better. And that’s what concerns me. That’s what I think about that story.”Bucky’s face went through a series of unhappy contortions before he managed to say, “That’s crazy. It’s totally crazy. It’s got to be. Right?”Steve shrugged. “I don’t think so.”Bruce said softly, “I feel the same way, Bucky.”Natasha crossed her arms and leaned back. “I don’t. I mostly want to march into your small-ass hometown and light them all on fire for thinking they’re allowed to blacklist a 17-year-old child. And that includes your parents.”“Seventeen isn’t  that young, you guys.”“Isn’t it?” Steve asked, voice dangerous.Bucky looked down. “Oh my god, I’m sorry.”“It’s fine,” Steve said. “But this doesn’t have to be complicated. We’re your friends. We still care about you, even after hearing that. Just accept it.”“Of course,” Natasha said, looking out the window, “I wouldn’t still like just  anyone who I was already friends with, after hearing that story. It would have to be someone I thought was, in some legit way, at least trying very hard not to be the kind of person who does that kind of thing again. And you are.”Bucky looked almost relieved to have something new to argue with. “Am I? I just got out of rehab at 22. It’s five years later. The longest amount of clean time I have put together is three months.”“How many times have you had three months?” Bruce asked, curious.“Nine times.” Bucky’s shoulders slumped another inch.“You don’t drive,” Natasha said. “I thought you just didn’t know how or something. But you don’t drive anything, no matter how gone you are. I noticed that.”“Yeah.” Bucky’s jaw twitched. “That’s pretty much the least I could do.”“This may come as some surprise to you,” Bruce said, “but people make mistakes. Sometimes they make bad mistakes, and they hurt other people. But no matter what, if they’re good people, they try to move forward. And people who have made mistakes and are trying to move forward get to have friends, and they’re allowed to have good things happen to them. There’s no rule that says you don’t get to have those things. Has no one ever told you this?”“Who would have?” Bucky asked. Steve’s heart ached, and he made an involuntary sympathetic sound. Bucky looked over at him.“Sorry,” Steve said.Bucky looked down again. “It’s okay.” He paused, and wisely, no one said anything else. Bucky had an air of someone with more to say. “Okay,” he repeated, eventually. “Okay, help me. I’d like you guys to help me. Please.”With one movement, Natasha leaned over to give Bucky a side-armed hug and Steve leaned as far forward as he could and grabbed Bucky’s arm with both hands.Bruce smiled. “We will,” he said. “Can we know your plan?”Bucky nodded. He put one hand over Steve’s. “It’s not super complicated or anything. I read a lot while I was in there. I mean, a lot, you guys. They’re very preachy about making you do things their way, but if you ask for legitimate literature about doing things another way, they get it for you. It’s a good place. Anyway, the bottom line of addiction treatment – and I had never had the courage to do this before, to go out and actually research this myself – is that … okay, look, it’s not a very big revelation. It’s that you’ve got to do  lots of stuff. Do something, and a lot of it. And it’s got to involve.” He bobbed his head, like he wished he could find a way soft pedal what he was about to say. “Support from other people. Those are the only two things: Do lots of stuff to support your sobriety, and have support from other people.”“Lots of stuff like what?” Steve asked.“I’ll do AA. I don’t believe in everything they say, but under this approach, it doesn’t matter whether I believe it or not. Exercise is definitely a good idea.”“You can run with me!” Natasha said.“No,” Bucky said. “I physically cannot.”“I can slow down.”Bucky smiled. “We can try it. Um. Structure. I am going to need to have structure. There are other types of recovery meetings, and I think I’ll make a list and sample them all, you know, just to give me something else to do. And, um. Smaller things too. Like, meditation would probably be good to at least try again. I tried it once before, but I resented it, so. Oh, and it’s important that I tell someone whenever I feel like I want a drink. Incidentally, guys, I want a drink.”A half-second of shock silenced the table, but then Steve squeezed Bucky’s hand and said, “How bad?”“Not that bad. But it goes in waves. If it’s starting now it will get worse.”“That’s normal, right?” Bruce asked.Bucky nodded. “But if I stay clean three months, my chances of long-term success go up five percent. They go up another five percent at six months, and another five percent at one year.”“Where do they start?” Natasha asked.“Six percent.”Another silence.“But by five years,” Bucky said, “my chances are over 90 percent of lifelong sobriety.”Steve loved that. “You have checkpoints.”“I’d like to make it to the second one,” Bucky said with a sad smile.“You will,” Steve said. And at that moment, he meant it.Their food came then. As they ate, they discussed how exactly they would all help Bucky to start and stick to his plan.Natasha suggested a Sunday evening “family dinner” tradition, and this was eagerly accepted by all members of the group as it was not only social support, it was also structure. And, it sounded like fun.“It’ll be at my place, of course,” Steve said, only half-selfishly.They looked up a schedules of support group meetings online and settled on a few for Bucky to try, then divied up who would go with him to which one.“And Steve can really just  go with me?” he asked.“It appears that I can, yes,” Steve answered. “I’ve only had the one panic attack since getting back out into the world, and almost no one has actively tried to fuck with me. I’ve yelled a little bit at three people, but it passed.” Steve winced, remembering how Natasha or Bruce had had to step in on all three of those occasions. “Though I don’t really think I should be going out by myself just yet.”The four of them started a group chat, which Bruce titled, “Friends Who Support Each Other,” and Natasha changed to “Flamingos Who Impress Each Other,” but which Bucky then changed to “Penguins Who Suit Each Other.” Steve decided he would save his turn to change the name for later, when they least expected it.In the end, somehow, as they all finished their food and sat sipping coffee, they also went over what they could do to support  Steve . And Steve couldn’t have said, exactly, how that even happened. But he was proud to say that he resisted it only a little.They pried information out of him about his plans with therapists and physical therapists, and Bucky  wrote the appointment times down so that he could bother Steve to make sure he went.“And speaking of bothering people,” Bruce said when they’d finished going over Steve’s and Bucky’s lives like they were faulty schematics, “everyone tell Natasha to take the internship she’s been offered in cloud computing.”“Why would we do that?” Bucky asked, wrinkling his nose.“Because I need the money,” Natasha said. “And the alternative has become helping to run a dark web site for bitcoin. Bruce does not approve. Bruce approves of very little.”“You don’t need to do anything illegal,” Steve said. “If you’re ever in desperate straits you can come to me.”“See?” Bruce asked. “We are the Flamingos Who Penguin Each Other.”“Uh,” Bucky said, “it’s the Penguins Who Suit Each Other.”Bruce crossed his arms. “I know what I said.”After lunch, the four of them spent the day moving the rest of Bucky’s things from where he lived to Bruce’s spare room. Bruce borrowed a friend’s truck. Bucky didn’t have much, though, and by early evening Bucky, Bruce, and Natasha were collapsing on Bruce’s couch.“You two should probably get out of here,” Bruce said, arms crossed. “I imagine you’ll want to have a sleepover.”Bucky and Steve glanced at each other, then quickly away. “What do you mean?” Bucky asked, just as Steve said, “Yeah, I do.”~*~Which is how Steve and Bucky ended up home by 7:30 p.m., Bucky slinging his overnight bag on his recliner and Steve feeling an odd nostalgia to be back in his house after a full day outside it.Things were happening, and Steve felt good. He couldn’t deny it, even if it scared him.“Want dinner?”“Do I want your cooking?” Bucky said, smiling. “Always.”Warmth glowed through Steve’s body. He made biscuits and gravy with green beans on the side. They ate on the patio table in the purple light, a midsummer breeze rippling the water of the pool.That freaking pool.“So,” Steve said as they settled in, feeling brave and lubricated by the events of not just the day, but of their entire relationship. It almost felt weird to remember there was a time he was afraid of difficult subjects with Bucky; now he felt afraid of avoiding them. “There were a few other things I still wanted to talk to you about.”Bucky leaned forward, toward Steve. His expression went neutral. “What’s up?”“Bucky,” Steve said. Warm summer air blew across Steve’s skin, and he remembered what Bucky had called the experience that night they went into the pool:  Vivid . He thought he understood that. “Look, Bucky. There’s one thing I should get out of the way before either of us say anything else.”Bucky nodded. “I understand,” he said. “Go ahead. I can take it.”Steve was not at all sure that Bucky really could. He took a deep breath. “Bucky, I think I could love you. I’m not saying I do, yet.”  I do, but I’m not saying that. “Because we haven’t had time to figure that out. And because of what you told me about people in recovery, I know we won’t have time for a while yet. But I think I could.”A line appeared between Bucky’s eyes. “Steve,” he said. “If you think I need to hear this, I don’t. Your friendship is enough. It’s more than enough.”“I’m not telling you what I think you need to hear. I’m telling you the truth. And I’m doing it because that’s what we’re going to do from now on. We’re going to tell each other the truth, and we aren’t going to hold things back.”Without only a hint of a pause, Bucky nodded. “Okay,” he said. “Yes. Let’s do that. Let’s – wait. Hold on.” The line between Bucky’s eyes deepened. “You could love me.”Steve almost laughed. It was like Bucky had just figured that out himself. “Yeah,” Steve said. “I could.”“I could love you, too.” Bucky looked up from the table, and the line of confusion melted away. “Is that okay?”“Of course it’s okay.”“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you I was working with Rumlow. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you I needed help paying for school. I’m sorry you had to see me how you saw me. I’m sorry that when I first relapsed, I didn’t come ask you for help. I thought you’d.” Bucky stopped and covered his mouth. “I’m sorry.”Steve moved around so he was sitting side by side with Bucky, and draped an arm around him. “Don’t apologize for wanting to cry,” Steve said. “I have literally started to have fantasies about you crying in my house.”“ Fantasies ?” Bucky laughed, even as the first few tears spilled.“That’s right. I’m a kinky bastard.”Bucky laughed wetly. “I mean … Okay. I think I get what you’re trying to say.”Steve squeezed Bucky harder. “Yeah.”Bucky pivoted in his chair so he was sitting perpendicular to Steve. He wrapped both his arms around Steve’s chest and leaned his head on his shoulder. “I’m sorry I am who I am.”“That’s an apology I don’t accept.”“I mean … my sister."Steve nodded. He’d figured Bucky would need to be reassured about this more than once. Routinely, even. And that was okay with Steve. He reached up and grasped Bucky’s arm. “It’s a hard thing, Bucky,” he said.Bucky shook his head; when he inhaled, his shoulders shook, and Steve could tell he was crying.“If you want to know more about what I think, I think you were so, so young,” Steve said. “And you were sick. Alcoholism is a disease people give themselves, sure, but no one ever picks up a bottle thinking it’s going to hurt someone they love. And you’ve been  trying  ever since. You told that lady at Oakmont you’ve quit  dozens  of times. At first that scared me, but then I realized: You’re a fighter. You’ve never stopped fighting. Have you?”“I can’t stop,” Bucky said. “I just wish I could  succeed .”Steve squeezed Bucky’s arm. “Just focus on this time. Focus on today. You’ve got a solid plan.”Bucky nodded again.“You know what else I think?” Steve asked.“What?”“I think you don’t realize that you not processing that secret is holding you back. Hiding it isn’t helping you. It’s making you sick.”“I know. I know that. Steve?”“Hm?”“I have other secrets that I think are making me sick.”Steve’s heart clenched up. “Do you want to tell me, Bucky?”“It’s like … kid stuff. Like, stuff from when I was a kid. Family stuff. Nothing like with Rebecca. And I do want to tell you. Soon. I just … My therapist in Oakmont told me that the way I grew up isn’t okay.”“That – makes sense,” Steve said. He closed his eyes; a lump rose in his throat. “Oh, Buck.”“I did it when I was 17.” Bucky sniffed. “The thing I did to Rebecca. I went to rehab when I was 16, and within six months I was drunk again. But I hid it from my family. I could still hide it back then. So when they asked me to drive her, I had no good reason to say no.”Steve’s eyes pressed shut. He wished so badly he could tell Bucky he loved him. Instead, he just kept squeezing. “I’m so sorry, Bucky.”“Don’t say that. She’s the one who got hurt, not me.”“But I  am sorry.”Bucky snaked his arm around Steve to wipe at his eyes, then snaked the arm back. “I know I’m going to have to try to be okay with that.”“Good. And your family doesn’t speak to you anymore?”“No. Not since the day it happened. But that’s a double-edged sword. You know, when I got out of jail – I served a four month sentence which was expunged from my record because I was a minor – I thought maybe they would be willing to talk, but ...” He shook his head. “They weren’t.” Something Bucky had said once clicked then. “And now you follow your sister on Instagram, and you want to get into boardgames because she likes them.”For whatever reason, this set Bucky off. One sob turned into a string of them, and within a few seconds he was shaking against Steve’s shoulder. They just sat there for a while, Bucky crying, arms pretzeled together.It was raw, and it was hard. But Steve knew from hard experience – this was right. This was how it was supposed to be.Eventually, Bucky stopped. His head lifted and he said, “So what about you?”“What about me?”“I remember what you told me. Stuff like that tends to lift up out of the fog, even when I’m that drunk. If I get to deserve sympathy for how what  I  did affects  me, don’t you get the same thing?”Steve froze. “Look. I have a therapist now.  And a physical therapist. I’ll be fine.”“Isn’t this like exactly the thing you said we shouldn’t do? Not talk about things?”This was true; Steve wasn’t sure if that made him happy, since it meant Bucky had internalized that message, or just angry. “But – I’m just an  idiot.  I wasn’t drunk. I didn’t have a childhood that wasn’t okay. My parents were amazing. We were poor, but that didn’t scar me or anything. I just got sad and lonely, and ruined my own life.”“So basically,” Bucky said, “I got sad and ruined two people’s lives. You got sad and ruined only your own life. And somehow yours is worse?”“Shut up.”“I’m serious.”Steve sniffed. “There’s no Lifetime Original Movies about people who crash their motorcycles sober. There’s a million movies about people overcoming alcoholism.”“I haven’t overcome it yet.”“You know what I mean.”“Yeah, what you mean is you’ll use any excuse to pretend you don’t deserve a normal human level of empathy and help.”“It’s not that I don’t  deserve it, it’s that I’m fine without it.”Bucky snorted. A hand appeared under Steve’s jaw, and Bucky turned Steve’s head to look Bucky in the eye. “You know what?” Bucky asked.“What?”“I have empathy for you. For what happened to you, and what it’s done to you since it happened. I feel for you, Stevie. But even more than that, I think you’re strong and brave and compassionate and good. You’re amazing. So, as long as I am sober and able, I am going to help you by supporting you and making you understand you deserve help. But it’s only half because I empathize with what happened to you. It’s also because I think you’re a great person who deserves someone in their corner. So there.”The tear tracks on Steve’s cheeks were apparently not retired for the day after all. “Oh, my god.”“There, there.” Bucky wrapped his arms back around Steve. “See, I can make people cry, too.”Steve’s breath hitched as he tried to laugh and cry at the same time. “Bucky.”“Yeah?”“I’m scared.”“What are you scared of?”“Of the future. I’m scared I’ll never get it right. I’m scared  you’ll never get it right. I’m scared life might be too much for us. I’m scared of going in circles. I’m scared of where the circle ends.”Bucky’s eyes when he pulled back were wet, but laser-focused. And that alone soothed a measure of Steve’s fear. “You’re not wrong to be scared,” he said. “I’m scared too. But … I think we have a shot. Don’t you think we have a shot?”Steve looked at him. He felt the summer air on his skin. He smelled the chlorine from his pool. He watched the earnestness – the  openness – on Bucky’s face.“Actually,” he said, “I think we do.”~*~Later that week, they went to Bruce’s graduation ceremony for his masters program.Steve purchased and wore black slacks, a sport coat, and a  fucking tie, for chrissake. Natasha, Bucky, and Steve watched from a row near the front, and when Bruce got his diploma he waved and Bucky took a picture for Instagram.Bucky’s smile later that night, when they went for noodles with a couple of Bruce's other friends, would be emblazoned upon Steve’s memory for the rest of his life.“You two are cute together,” Natasha said at one point, when Bucky had just punched Steve lightly on the arm for some indiscretion.“No, we’re not,” Steve said. “Not yet."“But some day,” Bucky said. And he smiled that blinding smile. “If I can just keep  my  shit together … someday we’ll be cute together.”



Chapter 12
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Bucky’s fist hovered in front of Steve’s door, shaking. The world pitched around him, and he could barely think around how much he wished he hadn’t ditched the rest of the vodka.
 Stupid, stupid, stupid. Steve won’t even say yes. 
It had taken one second to throw away eight months of sobriety. Now, 48 hours later, Bucky was nauseous, drunk, shaky, miserable, exhausted, ashamed, disheartened, and he  still felt scared about the future, sluggish, sad for no reason, drained by this February gray, guilty as always, tired of his friends, sick of AA meetings, and worn down by the grind of his degree program. Fuck it. He knocked.Steve appeared in the living room within seconds and, before Bucky could decide whether to bolt, the back door opened.“I’m not that bad yet,” fell out of Bucky’s mouth in a tumble. “It’s only been two days. Can I come in? Can I stay here for a few days? I–”“You want to stop?”“Yes.”  No. Never. “Please.”“Get in here right now.” Bucky did. “Kneel down here and hug me?”Bucky did that, too. Steve smelled, as always, like lemon laundry detergent and spices.“Are you hungry, Bucky?”Bucky almost laughed. “I think if I went and murdered someone and came back here covered in other people’s blood, your first instinct would still be to feed me.”Humor colored Steve’s voice. “What, would that be wrong?”Bucky  did laugh. He buried his head in Steve’s chest, even if he had to lean forward a little awkwardly to do it. “I’m sorry. I know I smell like vodka. I just …”“It’s okay. You’re here. You’re back. I’m actually really proud of you.”Bucky’s chest shook. “Don’t be that.”Steve shushed him. Fingers ran through Bucky’s hair.Steve did try to feed him. Bucky couldn’t eat much. “That’s a bad sign,” Bucky said, smiling like that would make this all less scary and horrible. “If I can’t eat it means I’ve managed to form a physical addiction again in two days.”“How could that be?”“It gets easier to form an addiction every time you withdrawal. And every withdrawal gets worse relative to how much and how long you drank. So I’ll probably have withdrawal symptoms even though I’ve only been out for 48 hours, but nothing life-threatening.”Steve’s eyes were big, scared. But they weren’t judgmental.The fight went out of Bucky all at once. He curled up on the corner of Steve’s brand new couch and covered his eyes with one hand.It hurt his heart, at that moment, to remember Christmas. Steve had bought this couch for himself so they could all sit together, rather than all being in separate chairs. A bar bracketed it at one end so Steve could get on and off it mostly unassisted. When Bruce had come over the day he got back from going home for the holidays, Bucky had sat right here, in this spot, with Steve’s feet in his lap and Natasha on the other end of the couch.“I don’t want to get so sick again, Stevie,” Bucky said. “I don’t want to start over.”He could hear that Steve was maneuvering himself onto the couch. Then the couch dipped and Steve’s warmth radiated from a few inches away and Steve said, “Then you did the right thing. You’re here.”“The cravings are going to be worse for a while now, because I did this. And I’m already so fucking tired of all the things I have to do to stay sober. I’m so sick of it. It’s not fair.” “No, it’s not fair.”Without saying anything else, and without opening his eyes, Bucky shifted position so his head was in Steve’s lap. “I’m nauseous,” he said. “Give me your hands.”“My hands?”“Mmhm.”Bucky relinquished his hands with some regret; they’re what he’d been using to block out the light.But Steve’s thumbs dug into his wrists, and all at once the nausea faded. “How … what?”“You feel better?”“Yeah. How come?”“It’s just one of those weird body things.”Bucky’s breath shook as he let out a deep, cleansing exhale. “I guess now it’s just time to be sick for a few days. And then I’ll just get back to it. Right? It’ll be okay?” Steve arranged Bucky’s hands so he was pressing his own wrists with his own thumbs, and set his hands down. A moment later, his fingernails traced down Bucky’s back, scratching in a soothing circle.“I hope so,” Steve said. “You want me to call Bruce and Nat, or will you?”Steve’s nails felt so good, Bucky could almost forget how crappy he felt. “I’ll call them in a minute. Can you scratch lower?”“Okay.”~*~“Are you … sure?” Bucky asked. He could hear the doubt and mild panic in his voice, and he hoped Stevie didn’t get angry with him.“I’m sure,” Steve said, voice even. He wanted to be mad, Bucky could tell, but he was controlling it. “Let go.”Bruce leaned forward where he sat with his feet in the pool a little ways away from where Bucky held Steve in the warm water. “What, Bucky, do you think he’s trying to get you to drown him?”Bucky glared at Bruce, feeling peevish despite the beautiful April day around them. At two months sober again, he wasn’t sleeping well, and the spring sunshine hadn’t seemed to seep into his mood yet. He was starting to worry it never would, and he hated himself for that. Why not just be grateful? He had everything a person should  need to be happy. Didn’t he? “No, I just …”“Just let go,” Steve said, patient.Bucky took a steadying breath and let go of Steve, taking a few steps backward through the water of the pool.Steve wobbled a little, then stabilized. Holding to the edge of the pool with one hand, toes touching the bottom, his other hand paddling at the water, he held himself in place on his own power.“It’s mostly core strength,” Steve said. “But it’s pretty cool, right?” Bucky heard the laugh that escaped from his own mouth, and he felt the grin that spread across his face. “Fuck, Steve!”Steve grinned back. “I hoped you’d be happy about it.”“I am.” Bucky darted forward and grabbed hold of Steve again, bare chest to bare chest. Being in the pool was pretty  much the only time he could touch Steve like this, and … well. He hoped this wouldn’t put an end to that. But if it did, that was okay.“I’ll still need your help to get in and out, though,” Steve whispered when Bucky pulled him in, like he’d read Bucky’s thoughts.Bruce looked pointedly away, and Bucky resisted the impulse to kiss Steve on the head.~*~“Do you think this will work?” Natasha muttered to Bucky once Steve was out of earshot.They watched as Steve tentatively made his way through the graveyard, maneuvering around the larger headstones.“It can’t hurt,” Bucky said. “I mean, fuck. He hasn’t been here in almost seven years. People go to graves. It’s a thing people do.”“Well, that’s true.” Natasha crossed her arms.Steve had been angry for months. Maybe weeks. It all kind of blurred together, and Bucky himself was in only slightly better shape, so his patience wasn’t what it could have been. June heat made Bucky pull at his T-shirt as they stood there waiting, and he slapped at a mosquito.What did they think, huh? That putting flowers on his parents grave would suddenly make Steve forgive himself for what he’d done, and let him stop doing things like locking himself in his house for a month – two months? – because someone tried to give up their place in line at the grocery store for him?“You sell all that stuff you bought?” Bucky asked.Natasha shrugged and leaned back against the tree they stood beneath. “No.”“What’d you do with it?” Bucky could have helped her sell it in one evening, if he’d felt strong enough to go to a club without drinking. But he didn’t. And besides … Bruce had counseled Bucky not to help Natasha out of this one.“Rumlow took it back and gave me an 80 percent refund.”“That’s … how did you get him to do that?”“I told you,” Natasha said. “He has his own secrets.” Oh yeah. A smile tugged at Bucky’s lips and he leaned over to give her a side-hug. “So then what was the struggle about, after you bought it? Why were you so mad at Bruce?”“I want to pay my car off. I.” Natasha frowned. “I don’t have to explain this. I gave it back.”Bucky squeezed her closer. “Okay. That’s okay.”Thirty minutes later – though in the heat, with so much on his mind, it felt like longer to Bucky – Steve drew back up to them, divested of his flowers, eyes rimmed in red. “I did it.”Bucky wasn’t sure how to react. “Good,” he tried. “I mean. What did you do?”“I cried. That’s what Melany said to do.”Steve could, at times, be a little prescriptive and literal and overly logical about therapy and mental health recovery advice, which was pretty much the opposite of Bucky; Bucky was more likely to take advice, chew it up until he could taste what it meant, and spit it back out in a different form, just to say it was his. But whatever worked. “Do you think it helped?”“I think.” Steve’s lips pressed together.He really  was crying. Bucky knelt down so they were eye to eye, and put a hand on Steve’s arm. Natasha knelt also, though she just rested her manicured fingers on his chair.“I think,” Steve went on, as one tear escaped, “they want me to be okay. They don’t want me to be so mad at myself.”Bucky hugged him; if there was one thing he knew in life, one single solitary thing, it was that Steve almost always wanted to be hugged. “Of course they don’t.”Steve’s face pressed into Bucky’s shoulder. Natasha laid a hand on Steve’s thigh and applied enough pressure for him to feel the contact.“Could it be okay, sometimes,” Steve said, voice watery, “to um.” He sniffed. “Do you think that maybe, sometimes. Well. Okay, look. I don’t know how to say this. But what if I just at least tried sometime to let things go when people seem to mean well? I'm not saying they're right, I'm just saying I could try.”Bucky pushed away immediately and looked Steve in the eye. He hoped his expression wasn’t  too wry. “Do you think you could do that?”“I could damn well make it a goal.”“Just don’t get mad at yourself,” Natasha put in, “if you ever  don’t do it.”Steve tipped his head back to rest it on the back of his chair. “Yeah.”“But,” Bucky said. “It is a good goal.”~*~“You look like hell, you know that? You want to tell me why you look like hell?”Bucky had no doubt that this was true. He ran a hand through his hair and stared into his diner coffee, stirring it unnecessarily. “It’s nothing dramatic or anything,” he said. “And I haven’t relapsed, if that’s what you’re asking me. You could just  ask me instead of implying. Implying makes me feel like everything I do could mean you think I’m drinking again. I’ll tell my therapist on you.”Tony Stark crossed his arms and leaned back in the booth. “Simmer down on the snark, Barnes. I’m just worried about you. You didn’t call me for three weeks.”“I’ve just been tired. And tired of AA. Tired of ‘getting better.’ Tired of summer. August is too hot. There’s a reason so many people do relapse in summer.”“Tired of AA, now that’s something I can relate to.” Tony sipped his own coffee. “You know what I do when I’m tired of AA?”“What?”“I take a fucking break. Just like you did. No harm in that. You know what I  don’t do?”Bucky didn’t look up, because he knew what was coming.“I don’t ghost on my sponsor and my home group.”Bucky wasn’t sure he was actually going to  drink this coffee. He just wanted to stir it. “Fair enough. I’m sorry.”“Do you think you’re ready to come back to group?”Bucky shrugged.“Because you know what a hard-liner would say. Do you think there’s any truth to it?”Tony was not a hard-liner, and thank god. If it wasn’t for Tony, Bucky probably wouldn’t have a sponsor.A hard-liner would say that if Bucky was sick of AA, he had a relapse coming. “I don’t know if there’s any truth to it,” he said.“That’s not as good as ‘no’ would have been.”Bucky shrugged again.“Do you know why this program works?”“Social support, structure, maybe there really is a god,” Bucky said. It felt like being quizzed on his multiplication tables in the third grade, rote.“That’s half the answer.”Bucky looked up. “What’s the other half?” He actually did value Tony’s opinion, even if he resented – everything, pretty much, all the time.“You’d find out some day, if you worked the steps. The real magic’s in the ninth step. Call it exposure therapy. Call it emotional processing. Call it feeling less like a piece of shit. Call it whatever you want. But it helps.”“I can’t make amends to the people I hurt most.”“Why not?”“They told me to never contact them again.”“Oh. I can see how that would seem like a problem.”Bucky cupped his coffee between both hands. Why was he drinking hot coffee when it was 102 out? Why was he not in Steve’s pool? Why was he awake? “Yeah. Although I …”Tony made a questioning noise, but didn’t push him.“I can’t say the idea doesn’t hold immense appeal. If I  could talk to them …” Bucky laughed at himself. “You know why I can’t sleep? I haven’t been able to sleep since, like … this year. This entire year.”“Why not?”“It’s guilt. It comes and goes in waves. Sometimes, I forget for a while that I should be wracked with guilt. Other times, I remember. It’s not like I want to forget, but with something like this you kind of have to sometimes, to get on with life. But with everything that happened with my friends last summer, and then with telling  you  about my past during my fourth step, it’s been on my mind so much I can’t forget it. So I’m just guilty  all the time. ”“You know what that sounds like?”“Reasonable? Just desserts?”“No. That sounds like the definition of unprocessed trauma.” Jesus Christ. Fuck everything. “My therapist says the same thing.”“You have a good therapist, and thank god, because I cannot do this alone. If you ever have a Bucky’s mental health support system Christmas party, remind me to chat her up to thank her.”“Maybe I should have a Bucky’s mental health support system Christmas party,” Bucky muttered. “Since I don’t get to have normal parties period ever again in my life.”“Well that isn’t true, and you know it.”“I do know it. I’m sorry.” Bucky’s coffee was cold. He pushed it away.Tony’s expression was half exasperated, half fond. “So here’s what you’re going to do.”“Okay?”“You’re going to write them letters. Your parents, your sister, and your hometown itself. You won’t send them, but you’ll write them. Then you’re going to read them to someone you trust.  Then you’re going to read them to me. In the letters, it’s not that important that you apologize. What’s important is that you tell them how you feel, and how you mean to live your life from now on. Okay?”This idea had a definite appeal. But … “This shouldn’t be about making  me  feel better.” Bucky pulled his coffee back toward him and started stirring it again.Tony’s hands appeared over Bucky’s, stopping the stirring. “Bucky.”“What.”“Look at me.”With an effort, Bucky raised his eyes.“Making you feel better is about making you into a person who does good acts. Making you someone who doesn’t worry your friends and ghost on your home group. Making you someone who doesn’t let down your extremely generous scholarship adviser. You have responsibilities now, and I can see how you would feel like they’re small and insignificant compared to the things you’ve done. But guess what? They aren’t. They’re life. This is life. Welcome to life. Get your shit together and write those letters, and then fucking  tell me you don’t feel better and more able to do all the things you need to do.”Bucky’s cheeks puffed out at he exhaled, like he was exasperated. But he wasn’t.He was inspired.But Tony didn’t have to know that.“I’ll do them tonight.”~*~The strength went out of Bucky’s arms immediately when he read out the ending of the last letter. He cleared his throat and dropped all four onto his lap. “And that’s it.”Natasha, Bruce, and Steve had gathered round him in Steve’s living room. They were silent for a moment.“You  are angry at them,” Natasha observed. “Good.”“Yeah.” Bucky swallowed against the lump that had been rising in his throat through his whole reading. “I guess I am. I didn’t  know that.” He swallowed again. “But not at Rebecca.”“No,” Bruce said softly.“Do you feel any better?” Steve asked. Bucky had made the mistake of telling them this was supposed to make him feel better, so of  course that was Steve’s question.“I … don’t know.” Bucky felt oddly empty. He looked down at the letters in his lap, scrawled in pencil on graph paper because that’s what he had. They felt precious in some unnameable way, and for the first time in his life Bucky wished he had, like, a scrapbook or something. “Mostly I just feel tired. Still. Again. Always.”Bruce squeezed his shoulder. “Bucky?”“Mm?”“Do you want to watch  Lethal Weapon ?”This was one of Bucky’s favorite movies. He’d seen it 1,000 times. “Why?”“Why not?”Bucky laughed. “I mean, okay.”Steve made popcorn. Natasha, Steve, and Bucky sprawled on the couch, Bruce on the floor up against it. They dimmed the lights.By the time Riggs had jumped off a building, Bucky had begun to suspect Bruce of rank manipulation. He felt sleep coming, heavy and hard, and part of him fucking hated it.The rest of him curled up against the arm of the couch and fucking zonked.~*~“You look great!” Tony said at the home group meeting that Sunday morning.Bucky knew he blushed. “Okay,” he said. “Yes. Thank you. What’s next?” ~*~“I already booked an appointment with a different one, and this one makes house calls. Plus she’s older, so she probably has more experience, she’ll make fewer mistakes.” Steve crossed his arms and lifted his chin. “So, like I said. I’m on top of it.”“Uh huh,” Bucky said. He crossed his own arms and leaned back in his chair at Steve’s patio table. It was October, and the southern summer heat was easing; Bucky would have been enjoying the weather and the evening if Steve wasn’t a little ball of storm clouds. “You’re so on top if it, it’s almost like the point is to be on top of it, rather than to actually get better!”Steve’s physical therapist had told him it was okay that his progress had plateaued. “It happens sometimes,” she’d said, apparently, prompting Steve to say, “When does it stop?”“Sometimes you’ve done all you can for now,” she’d said. “Sometimes you need to rest for a little while, even. It’s a journey. And you’re doing so well.”This was, anyway, Bucky’s rough translation of what Steve had said. “She pities me. She thinks I can’t do it. I want someone who will push me.”“Have you considered,” Bucky went on, spinning his pencil in one hand and putting his foot up on the table to keep his papers from flying away in the evening breeze, “that you’re pushing her away because she’s seen you vulnerable too many times? Kind of like you try to do to Bruce and Nat sometimes?”“If that were really a thing,” Steve said, staring into his pool, “I’d do it to you too.”Bucky managed to prevent himself from laughing, or even giving Steve a knowing smile. “Is that so?”Steve growled. “Well, is it so bad? I have no  choice but to keep seeing Bruce and Nat. Maybe in this one area of my life, I can cycle through people when I feel too vulnerable around them, and it wouldn’t be so bad.”“Uh, yes. Physical therapy is a relationship, and you’ve told me that before so don’t argue against it now.”Steve buried his head in his hands.“Plus,” Bucky said, “yeah, I don’t think it would be emotionally good for you to give into that impulse, even if it’s just with your physical therapist.”The murderous glare on Steve’s face had only darkened when he pulled his hands away from his face. “Fine.”“Good!” Bucky picked up Steve’s phone from where it lay on the table. “Schedule with her.”Steve snatched the phone away.~*~“How was physical therapy?” Bruce asked Steve at family dinner that week.Steve stared down into his swiss chard. “It was fine.”Bucky felt himself both smile and roll his eyes. “Tell them, Steve.”“I hate you.”“I know.”“I lifted my leg at the knee. A little. Barely. For not even a second. It was just the logical extension of the isometric–” The table burst into congratulations.~*~Bucky thunked the third empty vodka pint in a row down onto the table in front of him.How had he gotten so bad, so fast? The room spun around him, and the abject dread began to grow in his belly:  You’re stuck here again. Stuck back in this repetitive hell. You’ll be sick every minute you don’t have a drink. Did he have any more? He couldn't even remember. Where had he even gotten this vodka?What had even set this off?But then he heard Steve laugh, as if from another room.Bucky closed his eyes to savor the sound. Steve did that now, sometimes: Laughed so loudly you could hear it in another room. When Bucky had met him, Steve’s laughs ran a gamut from sarcastic to ironic. Now there were pages of categories, and this—this full-body laugh Bucky could  picture  just from the sound of it—was one of them. Bucky heard it with not only joy, but with a proprietary sort of joy; a lot of work, including Bucky’s work, had gone into cultivating and sustaining that laugh. You had to fucking care for it and feed it.When Bucky opened his eyes, his heart rate slowed and the room around him steadied. A dream. Relief flooded him like a drug. He exhaled, rubbed his eyes, and sat up in Steve’s guest room bed.He’d slept  hard  last night. He’d needed it, after finals. And finals were probably also the reason he’d had the dream. Stress caused it sometimes.Clear May morning light filtered in through the window, dispelling the shadows of Bucky’s nightmare. A bird chirped outside his window, and the fact it was almost certainly just a grackle did nothing to dampen Bucky’s enjoyment of it. Bruce’s voice came through the open bedroom door, too distant for Bucky to make out the words; he was probably on the patio with Steve. The smell of coffee came from kitchen.Bucky felt fantastic. Rested, relaxed, free of pain or physical distress. His biggest issue was he kind of needed to pee. The contrast with the creeping dread and dizziness of his dream made him feel almost shaky with gratitude.And  wow  .  Still  wow. Almost two years since Bucky’d had a truly bad morning—he’d had one a slip, but Bucky had found it in himself to come to Steve’s after only two days, so he hadn’t gotten bad—and he was still in awe of shit like this. Would he ever not be?He hoped not. He hoped to gods he didn’t believe in but did still talk to sometimes that he always would be. What good was being an alcoholic if you didn’t get to be absurdly, stupidly grateful for waking up feeling good, even years after that became the norm? This was his prize and he would take it.“Knock knock.”Bucky looked over at the doorway.“I know you’ve earned your sleep, Mr. Graduate,” Natasha said. “But you should probably get up. Everyone’s here and we leave in half an hour.”“I’m awake.”Natasha leaned against the doorframe. “You look happy.” She smiled her occasionally irritatingly knowing smile, and part of Bucky felt uncomfortably exposed. But most of him felt ... comfortably exposed. In two years, he’d mostly learned to give into it.“I am happy.”Natasha’s smile didn’t falter, but she pushed away from the doorframe and turned to go. “Then get dressed.”Bucky’s graduation ceremony was, he realized, a good deal more important and more sacred to him than it was to a lot of his fellow graduates. Thor and Darcy joked and cackled as they all milled around waiting to line up in order, and all Bucky’s engineering friends could talk about was the rager they’d go to that night. Bucky looked down at his feet and scratched the back of his neck, not knowing what to say.A hand fell on his shoulder, and he looked up. “Will you be throwing a party?” Darcy asked.Bucky’s heart jumped into his throat. “Um, well,” he started. How did you explain that, apparently, your friend hadn’t noticed for  two years that you didn’t party anymore?“I mean like a gathering,” Darcy said. “Of any kind. Like, you have something to do tonight to celebrate. Or no?” Oh. Bucky smiled. “I do. My friends and I are having dinner at a pretty nice Mexican place.”“That sounds awesome,” Darcy said. “Very grown up.”Bucky’s spirits sagged a little – he was pretty tired of other college kids calling him grown up. “Thanks.”But his spirits picked back up when he got his diploma.  Fuck it all,  he thought.  I did it. I did a thing. He waved to his friends, thinking he could pick them out of the crowd; he might be imagining it, but either way, he knew they could see  him. Steve had better be taking a picture for Instagram like Bucky’d told him to.The irrational ebullience hadn’t left him when he bounced out into the parking lot after the ceremony, and began to scan the crowd for his friends.Bucky caught sight of them minute later – and he  froze .Tony, Natasha, and Bruce stood in a tight cluster around Steve’s chair.But Steve wasn’t  in his chair. Steve stood a few feet away, leaning heavily on arm braces, legs in leg braces.But he was standing.Bucky ran for them. “Steve!”“Bucky!”“Oh my god. Oh my god! I  knew it! I knew you could stand up. Did you pretend you couldn't do it just for this?”Steve blushed. He was  so cute.  “You weren’t supposed to figure that out that quickly. And I’ve only been able to do it for a couple weeks.”“You’re a jerk,” Bucky said.“No, you.”“Well, I think you’re both jerks,” Natasha said.“We’re all jerks!” Bucky said, holding his diploma aloft. He felt giddy and light, and he almost felt comfortable with it.“I thought we were sloths,” Bruce said.Steve had recently changed their group chat to Sloths Who Hug Each Other, which Natasha had changed to Sloths Who Fight Crime Together, and that one would probably stick for a while.Then Bucky had an idea.He had an idea. It wasn’t an impulse; this had been a long time coming.He was going for it. Now, today. Who could object? After all they’d been through, and all they’d managed to do, it was time. It was time to try.“Steve,” he said. “Steve, come here. Can you step up to me?”Steve did. He didn’t wince, so it probably didn’t  hurt, but his breath sped up and his face reddened.“That’s perfect,” Bucky said. His and Steve’s chests were inches apart. “Now, I’m going to do something. I’m going to kiss you. Okay?”“Yes, please–”Bucky did. He bent his head and their lips touched. Bucky’s eyes shut. Their mouths fit together, pressing, sealing something in.Bucky opened his eyes. His hand, holding his hard-earned diploma, looped around Steve, applying only the lightest pressure.“Congratulations,” Steve said.“On what? Is this you saying you’ll be my boyfriend?”One of Steve’s hands clamped vice-like onto Bucky’s arm, so Bucky grabbed for it, supporting some of Steve’s weight. A second later Steve unlooped the arm brace, leaning it against Bucky’s body.Steve reached up with his newly freed hand, and cupped Bucky’s jaw.  “I’m serious,” he said. “Congratulations. You deserve it.”Bucky’s heart did – something. He wasn’t sure if he was happy or sad. But it was good. He pulled Steve into a hug. “I know,” he said. “So do you.” Steve ducked his head to burrow against Bucky’s chest. “I love you, Bucky.”Bucky pulled away again, and smiled at Steve. “Imagine that,” he said. “I love you too.”



Chapter End Notes
That's it! Please let me know what you think. I am extremely open to concrit. In particular I'd like to know it if you felt like the story didn't flow overall or make sense, and in what way.



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



