



Blue Collar Kind of Love - NaughtySammyBoy - Supernatural
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Blue Collar Kind of Love
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/8921140.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
F/M
Fandom:
Supernatural
Relationship:
Sam Winchester/Reader
Character:
Sam Winchester, Reader, Dean Winchester, Bobby Singer, various original characters
Additional Tags:
Angst, allusion to abuse, Asshole parents, Smut, Dirty Talk, Vaginal Fingering, Oral Sex, Unsafe Sex, Implied Blowjobs, Recreational Drug Use, Sex on a friggin' beanbag, a little spanking, Sweet Sex, a little come play, Mention of Past Abuse, Description of past assault
Stats:

        Published: 2016-12-20
          Completed: 2017-02-23
          Chapters: 5/5
        Words: 19611
      

Blue Collar Kind of Love
by NaughtySammyBoy
Summary
You’re a girl who was, for lack of a better word, born with a silver spoon in her mouth. There comes a day when the life you lead and the life your parents envision for you suddenly becomes suffocating, leaving you empty and seeking something different. Different comes in the form of Sam Winchester, a young mechanic working in his uncle’s shop. He wears grease stains instead of suits, lives in a double-wide in a trailer park instead of a fancy mansion, and shows you what a real man is like. What will life be like with Sam? Well, if anyone asked you, you’d just smile.
Notes
I hope you guys like this little mini series! It will either be a three-parter or a four, I haven't decided yet lol enjoy :)

          See the end of the work for more notes





Blue Collar Kind of Love





You pick carelessly at the food sitting before you,
not caring if the cook your mother overpaid had spent all day preparing the meal. The prongs of the expensive silver fork on your hand scrape against the porcelain plate, causing your mother to shriek and admonish your actions. “Quit being a child and eat, Y/N,” she says, “All that noise is giving me a migraine.” You simply roll your eyes and mutter an insincere apology before shoving some pot roast in your mouth, sighing at the unflavored taste of the meat. Would it kill Chef David to toss a little salt in the pot?“Oh, speaking of migraines,” your father
tuts, smiling as if he’d just told the most hysterical joke the world’s ever heard. “The auto shop called before dinner,” he looks over at you, “Your car is ready for pickup. I’ll send Gerald to retrieve it in the morning, that way you’ll have it in time for tomorrow afternoon’s rendezvous with the Alexander.“ Just as your father goes into a heated debate about why he’ll never buy another Lexus, you pipe up with, “Don’t bother with Gerald, I can go get it myself, daddy.” He looks at you with skeptical eyes. “I’ll just call a cab in the morning and ride into town,” you explain, “It’s really no trouble.” You look down at your plate, hiding your face when you add, “And I, um, I broke up with Alexander.”“What?” Both your parents reply in high voices, their forks clinking against their plates in shock. “But why?” Your mother butts her nose in, “Alexander is perfect!”“I went to a lot of trouble to make this courtship happen,” your father adds in a hard tone, pointing a finger at you as if you were a child. “His parents are good people, and they come from a great breed,” he goes on, sounding like he’s trying to sell something to you, “You could be set for life if you married Alexander, do you not get that, young lady?”Your face burns with anger, your eyes welling up with tears that sting with their heat. You try to hide the tremble in your voice when you say, “But what about what I want, daddy? What if I don’t want to marry some stuffy businessman who treats people like dirt? What if I don’t want to be some girl who settles for what other people want for me? Why can’t I just find it on my own?” You stop your rambling, choking back a sob. Your heart breaks when your father scoffs in response, effectively telling you that you’re an idiot without actually saying the words out loud. “I’ll leave some cash on the table in the front room,” he says without any sign of caring, wiping the corners of his mouth before standing. “In the morning, you will go into town, get your car, and present yourself at the Donahue’s and explain to Alexander that you made a mistake. I’ll hear no excuses or disapproval.” He turns his back, leaving you to sit and think about how you wished you were someone else’s daughter. “We just want what’s best for you, darling,” you mother says in a pseudo-sweet voice, “You understand, don’t you?”You look at her with betrayal flashing in your eyes, sniffing back tears before shoving back your chair and rushing up to your room, slamming the door with all your strength. In the bathroom, you strip off your shirt, using the freshly-cleaned mirror to examine the dotting of bruises thatdecorate each hip, ones that are shaped like unforgiving fingertips. Your chin trembles as you trace a single finger over them, your eyes slamming shut as you try to steady your breathing. You cup your right cheek, still able to feel the phantom stinging and heat that had been left behind by a large hand, the one of someone you thought you could trust.“No one knows what’s best for me,” you say bitterly to yourself, anger sizzling through your veins as you look at your reflection, “No one.”


The next morning is crisp, the beginnings of
autumn greeting you as you step out of the house and towards the cab awaiting you.
“105 Delaware Drive, please,” you tell the driver, settling back in
the seat and staring out the window, looking at the place you had called home since
you were a little girl—suddenly aware that it had never felt more like trap in
your life. Your father’s demands ring in your ears, making your stomach twist
in knots that make you feel sick.

“Here you are, miss,” the driver
eventually says, causing you to realize that you had zoned out for the entire
ride. You smile in response and hand him double the fare, politely refusing
when he tries to return the unnecessary half. He thanks you profusely and with
so much sincerity, that it makes you feel like you had actually done something
right for a change. 

You watch him leave, turning to look at the auto
shop that’s apparently called Singer’s if the flashing sign on the front of the
building is any indication. The bell above the door rings out obnoxiously when
you enter, your pointed-toe heels clicking against the linoleum floor of what
you presume is the reception area. An older woman sits behind the desk there,
flipping through a Cosmopolitan magazine and popping gum between her teeth.
“What can I help ya with, little lady?” She asks in a guttural voice,
her smoking habit evident in not only the way she speaks but also in the wafts
of cigarettes mixed cheap perfume coming off her.

“I’m here to get my car,” you tell her
with a wobbling smile that you hope looks believable, “They called my
father yesterday and said it was done.” You jump in shock when the woman
turns her head and shouts out a name that is unfamiliar to you, a loud crash
and a string of colorful words following the outburst. 

“What in the sevens hells got’s you hollerin’
for me, woman?” A gruff voice says before an equally as gruff man appears,
his beard scraggly and his greying hair hidden beneath a weathered ball cap. 

“Got a girl here askin’ for her car, says her
daddy got a call,” the woman says back in a humored tone that kind of
sounds like mocking to you. “Take her back and let the boys get her all
set up,” she says, and for a moment, that sounds a little dangerous to
your sheltered ears, like it had another meaning than you just getting your car
and hightailing the hell out of dodge. 

“Balls,” the gruff man says under his
breath before adding in an annoyed voice, “Them damn boys’ve been gettin’
on my nerves all day. Why can’t you do it?” He looks at the woman
expectantly. 

“Can’t,” she smiles a yellow, crooked
smile at him, “Got some calls to make.”

“Sure you do,” he rolls his eyes before
turning to look at you, giving you and your fancy clothes a once over.
“This way, girl,” he says, turning his back to you. You hurry to
follow him, clutching your purse to your chest as you disappear down a poorly
lit hallway. “Name’s Bobby,” the man tells you as you keep a good distance
between the two of you. “I take it you’re the owner of the Lexus we took
care of,” he says, giving you a warm smile. 

You shallow your nerves. “What makes you say
that?” You curl in on yourself again when the man laughs a hearty laugh. 

“Not many people ‘round this part of town own
that kinda car or wear the kinda clothes you’re currently sportin’,” he
explains, “No offense.”

“None taken,” you pout, gasping and
blinking rapidly when Bobby stops to open a random door and bright light fills
your eyes. When you’re adjusted to the brightness, you see it’s a large
workshop filled with tools, cars with hoods up, various used and new car parts,
and old rock music. You recognize the last lines of the ACDC song, smiling
despite yourself and following Bobby a little closer in the new environment.
You hear laughing and loud voices, followed by pops and snaps. Bobby stops
abruptly and you have to quickly stop your feet as to not ram into his back.

“Would you idjits stop snapping those damn
rags at each other and get the Lexus ready to go?” Bobby questions the
boys you haven’t seen for yourself yet, sounding rather exasperated.
“Can’t leave you two alone for five minutes without you destroyin’ my
whole shop.”

“Oh, c'mon, Bobby!” One voice says,
“We’ve been working our asses off all day!”

“Yeah, Grumps!” Another says, “Give
us a break!”

Bobby sighs and steps aside, revealing you to the
boys, who both stop talking entirely and look at you like you’re an alien in
their world. You can’t help but notice that behind all the grease smudges and
tattered navy coveralls, the two boys—no men—are
rather attractive. The shorter one has his coveralls unzipped and the top half
hanging down around his hips to reveal a greased up white t-shirt with the
sleeves cut off, his dirty blonde hair fallen flat with sweat and his angular
face glistening with it and more grease. The taller one, the one with bright
eyes and floppy brown hair, is looking at you with parted lips and is currently
wringing a dirty rag between his blackened hands rather nervously.

“This little lady wants her car,” Bobby
tells them, “So do me a solid and don’t embarrass me and my entire
business in front of her, yeah?” You watch the two men simply nod and
straighten up. “Follow Sam and Dean,” Bobby tells you in a soft voice,
“They’ll make sure your car’s ready to go and get you outta here.”

“Th-Thank you, Mister Bobby,” you give
him an unsure smile.

“Just Bobby’ll do, girl,” he winks
before disappearing between tall shelves of tools and various other car related
things. You sigh and turn back to the boys, noticing them whispering and
shushing one another when the other gets too loud. You clear your throat after
a while, growing a little impatient as you itch to just get out of this damn
shop. 

“Huh? Oh yeah, yeah, um,” the blonde
quickly says, “Sammy’ll take care of you.” He walks away and you
start to say something but he’s gone before you can, leaving you confused as to
why he left so abruptly. You look at the one left—Sammy supposedly—and give him
a bashful smile. His cheeks are tinted pink, leaving you to believe he may be
just as bashful as you’re being.

“Your car,” he nods, clearing his
throat, “It’s um, this way.” He spins on his heels and begins walking
away, prompting you to hurry and catch up, cursing yourself for wearing heels
and Sammy as well, because he’s got long legs that could beat you anywhere—not
that you were looking or anything.
God, your mother would have a heart attack if you brought a boy like him home,
and your father—holy shit—he’d probably disown you before you even told him what
Sammy’s name was.

After following Sammy around all of God’s creation
it seemed like, your sleek, white Lexus finally comes into view. It looks
shinier than ever, the purity of the color gleaming in the bright shop lights.
“We threw in a free wash and wax, and we, uh, even cleaned out the
interior, vacuumed and such,” Sammy rambles, occupying most of his
attention with cleaning a few fingerprints off the glistening windshield with a
fresh rag he magically pulls from the pocket of his coveralls. “The rims looked
a little dull when she came in, so we polished those off as well,” he
explains further, finally looking at you and giving you a wobbly smile,
“She should run smoothly now, but if you notice any problems, just come
back and we’ll get those taken care of.”

You genuinely smile this time. “Thanks,
Sammy,” you say.

“Just Sam,” he corrects you, quickly
following it up with, “My idiot brother just calls me that to piss me off.”

“Oh, um,” you look at him with unsure
eyes, “I’m sorry?”

“No big deal,” Sam smiles, averting his
gaze to the floor when he realizes he’s been staring too long. “Well,
um,” he sniffs as he places the keys in your hands, “Have a good day.”

“You, t—oh,”
comes your reply when he moves to open the driver’s side door when you round
the front of your car. “Thank you,” you nod politely before climbing
in.

“Bye,” Sam says, looking at you just a
little bit longer before finally closing the door for you. 

“O-kayyy,” you say to yourself as you
fasten your seat belt and shove the key in the ignition. And as you pull away
from the garage, you look in the rear view to see Sam still standing there
watching you leave, suddenly struck with the realization that part of you
didn’t want to leave.

Shit.



Dreams of Grease & Dimples
Chapter Summary
You find yourself back at Singer’s knowing exactly what’s led you there. When Sam asks you out, you’re not expecting what happens next.
Or maybe you are.







Black smudges across your thighs in the wake of strong hands, the calloused skin of them making you feel warm and tingly all over. Gasps and moans fall from your mouth as a pair of candy pink lips trail up your neck, teeth catching over your bounding pulse as dirty, greedy hands shove your skirt up roughly, revealing you and your slick need to his darkened kalisoscope eyes. 

“Sammy.”

You startle awake, breathing erratically and
pressing your thighs together. Oh god, you’re soaked. Heat fills your cheeks, embarrassment scorching through
your veins as you climb out of bed and disappear into your bathroom. You pull
off your ruined panties and skimpy tank top, deciding that a shower is in order—maybe
a cold one. 

Downstairs, breakfast is already on the table,
probably more than your family needs but of course, a simple meal just won’t do
in this house. You settle for a bagel and some fresh fruit, ignoring the
pointed looks your parents are currently giving you. You chew slowly as you
stare at the wall across the room like you’re in deep thought, just to piss
them off.

“So, Y/N,” your father finally says with
a faked humorous voice, “I called Walter Donahue yesterday, and he so
graciously informed me that you never came.” He gives you a moment to
react, gritting his teeth in anger when you say nothing and continue to eat.
“Look at me when I’m speaking to you,” he demands, giving you a hard
look when you obey, a careless smile on your face, “Care to explain to me
why you deliberately disobeyed me?”

“Because, daddy,” you shrug,
“Telling Alexander that I made a mistake would have simply been a
lie.” Both your mother and father gape at you in horror. “When actually, the only mistake I made was
listening to you and allowing you to
make me go out with him. Alexander is, without a shadow of a doubt, the most
vile, boring, and self-centered man I have ever had the displeasure of knowing
and associating myself with.” You stuff a large piece of bagel into your
mouth before saying with some difficulty, “Thanks for breakfast,” and
leaving the table.

“Y/N!” Your father shouts, “You get
back in here this instant!“ 

You act blissfully unaware, retreating back up the
stairs to get ready for the day.

When you end up pulling into the parking lot of
Singer’s a few days later, you’re left wondering how you got there. It might
have had something to do with the fact that you had Googled ‘how to deactivate
the gas gauge in a car on purpose’ just for an excuse to be there. As it turns
out, it was far more complicated than simply disconnecting a few random wires,
so you settled on just getting some air put in your tires. They did look a little low, and it had been the only thing the auto shop
hadn’t catered to when your car had been in the first time.

The same woman is at the reception desk, this time
wearing a name tag with ‘Rita’ embossed on it. “Well, well, look who’s
back,” she smiles, “Something wrong with that fancy car of yours
again already?”

“Just wanting to get some air for my
tires,” you tell her.

“You came all the way here just for some air
in yer tires?” She questions you, her heavily made up eyes filled with
skepticism. “Hun, you coulda gone to any ol’ regular gas station for that.
Why come here?”

Your cheeks go pink. “Well, I,” you
clear your throat, “Maybe I just wanted professionals to do it. Ever think
of that?”

Rita laughs. “Yeah, professionals,” she sighs humorously, “If that’s what you
wanna call ‘em. I just call ‘em ‘Idiot One’ and ‘Idiot Two.’” She spins
in her chair and shouts, “I need some assistance! Got a pretty lady in
here wantin’ some air!”

“Pipe down, Rita!” A familiar voice
calls back. You smile when Bobby comes grumbling in. “Oh, miss
Lexus,” he greets you, “Didn’t expect to see you back in here.”

“Well, I—”

“She’s just wantin’ some air for her
tires,” Rita interrupts you, brows raised when she says, “But my
guess is that ain’t really what brings
her in.”

You look at her in shock. “Excuse me?”
You bring your arms up to cross them over your chest, your eyes narrowing.
“And just what is that supposed
to mean?”

“Nothin’ really, sweets,” she smiles
coyly, “You’re not the first girl to come waltzin’ in here wantin’ to get her eyeful of
dumber and dumbest back there.”

“Hey!” You shoot back, “That is not—”

“Okay, okay,” Bobby pipes in,
“Let’s retract the
claws ladies, ‘cause breakin’ up catfights is way outta my pay grade.” He
points a finger at Rita and adds, “And you stop bein’ a hag to payin’
customers, don’t need you drivin’ ‘em away.” Rita just grins and shakes
her head, going back to reading that magazine in front of her. “C'mon,
girl,” Bobby commands, “Let’s get your car pulled into the
shop.“ 

Minutes later, you park in the garage, climbing
out of the driver’s seat just as Sam comes walking up. “Hey,” he
greets you with a dimpled smile, “What’re you doin’ back so soon?”

“Air. Tires.” Bobby rolls his eyes at
the obvious attraction between the two of you. “Hop to it, boy,” he
tells Sam, “And put them heart eyes back in your damn head while you’re at
it.” His words make both you and Sam blush various shades of red, the
atmosphere a little awkward once Bobby leaves the two of you alone. 

“He’s joking,” Sam tries to cover.

“It’s fine,” you reply, finding your
nerve when you add, “I, um, I like your eyes.“ 

Sam’s dimples deepen as his smile grows, his eyes
casted down at the ground as he kicks a booted-foot out. “Thanks,” he
says, pushing the hair out of his face. “Right,” he quickly collects
himself, “You need air in your tires. Let me get on top'a that.”

I know something else you can get on top of. 
Your blush deepens as you mentally scold
yourself for thinking like the girls your mother warned you about, the ones she
forbade you from ever hanging out with. You watch with hooded eyes as Sam bends
over to grab whatever it is he needs to get to work. “You could wait in
the lobby if you’d like,” he says, “This won’t take long and it’s kinda
boring to watch.”

“I don’t mind watching,” you say,
“That is, if you don’t mind me staying.”

“Nah,” Sam smiles, “I don’t mind at
all.”

After thirty-something minutes of ogling Sam as he
bends and squats around your car to fill the tires, he finally checks the
pressure levels of all four and deems them acceptable. “How much do I owe
you?” You ask him, pulling out your wallet.

“We’ll just charge the card on file,” he
says.

“Oh, um, okay,” you reply, “Well,
at least let me give you a tip for your work.”

“No, really,” Sam smiles, gently
stopping your hand from releasing the snap closure of your wallet, “You
don’t have to go to all that trouble.” He watches you nod, looking a bit
deflated from his rejection. “But, uh, instead of money, how’s about you
let me make you dinner tonight?” He counteroffers, causing your eyes to
snap back up to his, “I make a mean pot roast with all the fixin’s.”

You take a moment to ponder the offer, more so
taking some time to calm your galloping heartbeat. “Okay,” your bashful
voice accepts, “I’d like that.”

Sam grins so big that his eyes and nose do this
cute little scrunchy thing, and you try to think if you’ve ever seen such a
contagious smile before, ultimately deciding you’ve seen not a one quite as
good as Sam’s before. 
“Sweet,” he finally says, “Gimme
your number and I’ll text you the address.” You write it down on some
random receipt you find at the bottom of your purse, handing the crumpled paper
over to him with a smile.

“See you tonight?” Sam asks, giving you a
playful wink when you simply nod eagerly at him and continue to smile like an
absolute idiot.
“And just where do you think you’re going,
young lady?“ 

You sigh heavily at your father’s question as your
hand stills on the front door’s handle, thinking to yourself that you wish the
floor would just swallow him whole and belch up scraps of the stupid Polo shirt
and khaki chinos he’s wearing. He’s looking at you with narrowed eyes, his arms
crossed over his chest as he taps a foot against the newly polished floors,
patiently waiting for your answer.

“Out,” you say simply.

“Oh, is that right?” He further
questions, “And where exactly is it you plan on going?”

You look at the smug look on his face, deciding
that you’d just be honest and really piss him off. “I’ve got a date,”
you tell him, smirking like an asshole.

“With who?”
He bellows, “I don’t recall approving a date. Just who on earth are you
going out with?”

“Sam Winchester,” you shrug, “I met
him over at the auto shop when I picked up my car the other day. He’s making me
dinner.”

A furious red colors your father’s face. “You
most certainly are not allowing that scoundrel to make you dinner!” He
insists, “The Winchester family is nothing but hicks and trash, and I’ll
be damned if you associate yourself with the likes of them. The only thing
they’re good at is fixing cars and being heathens.“ 

You scoff. “How would you know anything about
them?” You shoot back, “You’re always too busy kissing the asses of
those snobs at the country club or trying to get your golf score just right.
You don’t know Sam or anyone in his
family well enough to make those kind of comments.”

“I know enough!” He barks, “You are
my daughter and I forbid you from
seeing this boy.”

You narrow your eyes at him, pursing your lips and
gritting your teeth. “What are you gonna do? Take away my trust
fund?” You deadpan sarcastically, “You can’t control me forever,
daddy, so just get over it.” You give him one more bitchy smile before
opening the front door and disobeying his every demand. You ignore his shouting
and ranting as you climb into your car and peel out of the driveway, kicking up
dust and pebbles as you go.

Your GPS takes you to the opposite side of town,
the one you had heard rumors about. The one people said was home to every
druggie, hooker, and criminal there was to find in your state. But when you
pull into Shady Shoals, a mobile home park, you honestly don’t see what
everyone was talking about. The identical double wide trailers look nice in
their neat little rows with their cute deck-like porches, and it wasn’t nearly
as unsettling as you had heard. And when you finally find Sam’s place, you’re
more excited than you had been in a while. 

Sam opens up his door with a bright smile,
immediately inviting you into the warmth of his home, graciously taking your
coat and hanging it on the antique-y looking coat-hanger next his door. “A
gift from my mama,” he says sheepishly, awkwardly pointing at the piece of
furniture that looks as though it’s been made from the trunk of a slim tree. He
grins when you tell him it’s lovely, thanking you by guiding you into the neat
little kitchen that’s a lot nicer than you had honestly expected. “The
roast just came out of the oven,” he tells you, “Now we just gotta
wait for the greens and cornbread to finish cooking.”

“Wow,” you say when you see the small
square table in the corner, decorated with tall taper candles adorned by
flicking flames resting in the center, along with a small vase filled with
various-colored wildflowers. “This is all so lovely,” you smile at
Sam, realizing that you may need to come up with a new descriptive word. 

Sam nods, his cheeks going a little pink. “I
don’t have any fancy wine or anything,” he laments, hoping to peak your
interest when he adds a hopeful, “I’ve got beer, though. I might even have
a wine cooler way in the back of the fridge or somethin’, I can check for you
if you’d like me to.”

“Beer’s fine,” you assure him, placing
your hand on his upper arm, “Really, Sam, this is all,” you stop to
look at the food cooking away on the stove, at the man-done but nonetheless
cute table decorating, at Sam’s unsure face. “Everything’s perfect,”
you finally say, “More than I could have asked for.”

Sam releases a relieved billow of air through his
nose, his shoulders relaxing as he shoots you another award-winning grin, his
dimples as deep and butterfly-worthy as ever. He reaches up to sweetly tuck
some stray hair behind your ear, his beautifully colored eyes looking into
yours, like he’s trying to read your soul right there in the middle of his
kitchen. Just as you both lean in, eyes falling shut and hearts hammering
against ribcages, the timer on the oven begins to beep obnoxiously, breaking
the spell both you and Sam were under.

“I guess dinner’s ready,” Sam says in a
whisper, still looking at you through hooded lids. “Beer, right?” He
questions, grabbing your hands in his to squeeze them, telling you without
spoken words that your interrupted moment would continue after dinner. 

“Right,” you say, squeezing his back,
releasing them only when he pulls away to retrieve two beers and finish off
dinner. You take a seat at the table, giggling when Sam comes up behind you
moments later and places a plate in front of you, his lips pressed against your
ear so he can whisper a playful, “Bon appétit.” You thank him by
turning your head and catching his lips in a simple, dry kiss, catching him by
complete surprise, and successfully leaving both of you wanting more when you
pull back and grin stupidly at him. “What?” You question him
innocently, “Don’t you know it’s custom to kiss the cook?”

Sam just smirks, crouching down beside you and
looking up with narrowed eyes. “You’re trouble, girl,” he says in a
deeper voice, resting a hand on your knee and squeezing appreciatively.

“Well, trouble is my middle name,” you tell him, giggling when he rolls his
eyes and stands back on his feet to retrieve a plate for himself and the two
beers he’d set out. 

He takes his place across from you, being a true
gentleman and popping your beer open before handing it to you with a smile.
However, he quickly pulls it back before you can grab it. “You’re at least
twenty-one, right?” He asks, “And you’re not a cop are you?”

You just laugh a fully body laugh, covering your
mouth when you realize you’ve become too loud. “Yes, I am,” you say
as you reach over the table and yank the beer from his hand, “And no, I’m
not.” You raise your eyebrows at him before bringing the bottle to your
lips and pulling back a long, excessive sip. 

“Well, okay then,” Sam chuckles, raising
his own bottle in cheers before drinking nearly half of it in one go. “We
might need more of these,” he laughs as he sets it down, watching you take
another sip with intrigue glittering in his eyes. He watches your throat works
the brew down, the way your lips glisten with it when you pull the neck of the
bottle away, how your eyes shine in the cheap candlelight filling his kitchen
slash dining-room. “You’re beautiful,” he says before his brain can
stop his mouth, his face going red with embarrassment.

Your mouth falls open, your own cheeks pinking.
“Thank you,” you respond in a soft voice, your heart doing a weird
skipping thing you’ve never experienced before tonight. “You, too,”
you say lamely, quickly following it up with a just as lame, if not lamer,
“Handsome, I mean. I, um, I think you’re really handsome.”

“Thanks,” Sam nods, reaching across the
table to place his hand atop yours, and for a second, you think you’re
dreaming, because things like this only happened in the fairy tales you read as
a little girl. That magnetic pull with someone was only a figment of your
imagination, right? Things like this didn’t happen in real life, did they? You
couldn’t possibly know someone is
your soul mate just by simply looking into their eyes, could you? No, you tried to tell yourself, you’re just getting ahead of yourself,
but it didn’t really feel that way
with Sam, it felt—you didn’t know—right? Destined? 

Oh God, you’re imagining your life with this guy and all he’d
said was that you were beautiful, for the love of Christ! Get it together, Y/N.

“Well, we should eat before it
gets cold,” you suggest, clearing your throat awkwardly as you pull your
hand away from Sam’s and pick up a fork to dig into the delicious meal sitting
in front of you. You try to act cool, but it fails when you take the first bite
of roast, because damn, Chef David
couldn’t even compete. “For
fuck’s sake!” You say around a mouthful of food, “He cooks perfectly,
too!”

“Huh?” Sam huffs a laugh.

Oh shit, did I just say that out loud?

“Yeah, you did,” Sam says, making you
jump because you didn’t think you said that
aloud either. Were you losing your mind? “Didn’t take you for such a potty
mouth,” he smiles, popping some meat into his mouth as well. “You
okay?” He asks when he sees the way you swallow nervously. “You look
a little…flushed.”

“Oh,” you softly say, placing your hands
on your cheeks to feel the heat radiating off them. “I’m fine,” you
tell him, “I guess you calling me beautiful caught me a little off
guard.” When Sam raises his eyebrows in confusion, it prompts you to add
sheepishly, “No one has ever called me that, especially not a guy. I mean,
my mom once said I was beautiful, but that was only because I’d won homecoming
queen and got this really nice crown and stupid sash that had homecoming queen
stamped on it.”

Sam coughs to cover the laugh the comes out in a
string of snorts. “That’s, uh, nice to know,” he says with a humored
smile, “I’ve never slept with a homecomin’ queen before.”

You sigh and slap a hand to your face in
embarrassment. “I’m sorry,” you shake your head, laughing despite
yourself. You look back at Sam, watching the way his eyes dance with amusement.
“I think you just make me nervous,” you explain, “I mean, you’re
the first guy to actually make me a nice meal instead of buying it, and you
bought these cute little wildflowers—”

“Actually, I got those from my garden,”
Sam interrupts.

“Your…you have a garden?” You ask incredulously, “Like, as in you planted
these and picked them yourself?“ 

“Mhm,” Sam nods simply.

You lean back in your chair and throw your hands
up. “Well, that settles it,” you say, slowly rising from your chair
and rounding the table to grab Sam’s hand, tugging him up to his feet.

“What’re you doin’?” He questions,
forehead screwed up in confusion.

“You’re sleeping with a homecoming
queen,” you whisper, sliding your hands up his sides and pressing yourself
up against his chest, your head tilted back and your lips brushing the
underside of his stubbly chin.

“Oh,” Sam responds breathlessly, looking
down and cradling your head in his big hands. “But what about
dinner?” He questions, his lips ghosting across your cheek towards your
awaiting mouth. 

“You got a microwave?” You smile, your
hands sliding up his strong back to fist the thin material of his shirt. Sam
nods slowly, twisting his hands in your hair and parting his lips to trail his
tongue along the swell of your bottom one. “Good,” you breathe into
his mouth, kissing him soundly before pulling back to add, “We’ll just
heat it up when we’re done.” You don’t give Sam time for a true reply, you
just kiss him again and moan when he returns it back tenfold, letting you taste
his tongue and feel how much he wants you every time he grinds his hips into
yours. 

Sam wraps his arms around your waist, holding you
close and kissing you hungrily as he guides you backwards, barely successful in
not walking you into walls and furniture as he blindly leads you into the
living room. You both topple down onto the couch rather ungracefully, your
mouths never parting and your hands becoming more and more greedier with each
passing second. 

“God,” you breathe when you pull back to
rid Sam of his shirt, shaking like a leaf with pure, unadulterated desire,
“I never do this.”

“What?” Sam pants, sitting up and resting
back on his haunches as he works your jeans open so he can yank them down.

“This,” you repeat, rising your hips to
help him out, “Sleeping with a guy I barely know. It’s just not the kind
of girl I am.“ 

Sam stops entirely, breathing heavily and fisting
the denim he had pulled down to your knees. “We can stop,” he says,
sounding so sincere that it makes your chest grow tight with appreciation and
adoration. He doesn’t look angry, or even disappointed, he just looks sweet and
maybe a bit concerned.

“No,” you say with a smile, looking up
at him with soft eyes. “I don’t want
to stop,” you assure him as you sit up on your butt, your hands sliding up
his chest and around his neck to pull him back down over you. “I want you,
Sam,” you whisper in his ear, teasing the shell of it with your teeth,
“I want you in every way.” When Sam doesn’t say anything, you call
tell he’s still a bit unsure. You pull back and look him in the eye. “I
promise,” you tell him, “If at any point I want to stop, you’ll be the
first to know.”

Sam nods, leaning into press a firm kiss to your
lips. He continues to undress you, making your skin tingle and pucker with
goosebumps when he runs his hands all over your newly exposed body. You gasp
when his trails his mouth over the swells of your breasts, his tongue sneaking
out to lavish your peaked nipples with wet, hot love. Your hands twist in his
hair, your back arching when he sucks one into his mouth, making heat spark all
throughout your body. It’s as though there’s a string connecting your nipples
to your throbbing womanhood, and Sam’s some kind of musician plucking it to
create beautiful melodies that are your moans and praises and pleas for more.

Somehow, and without you even realizing, Sam’s
gets you both completely naked, and the weight and heat of his hard, undoubtedly-above-average
cock presses up against the fleshy softness of your inner thigh, making you
gasp and roll down into it. Sam hisses, his teeth teasing the flesh covering
your sternum and his hands sliding underneath your body to grab your ass
greedily. Your breathing comes out unevenly as Sam moves farther and farther
down your body, his nose soon running through the trimmed thatch of hair
between your trembling thighs, his mouth open and ready against the most
intimate part of you.

“Oh my goodness!” You gasp, reaching
back to grab the arm of the couch and rock your hips down against Sam’s face.
No man’s ever done this to you
before. It almost feels foreign, like it was some kind of taboo thing that your
mother would definitely not approve
of. “God,” you moan, tossing your head back when Sam slides his
tongue through your swollen folds and teases at your weeping hole with it, his
hands squeezing your inner thighs where he’s got them spread wide open. You
feel hot all over when Sam pulls back to look at mess he’s made of you, like
you should be embarrassed to have a man see you in this intimate of a way, but
you’re not embarrassed. If anything, the way Sam’s pupils dilate at the sight
of your cunt glistening for him makes you feel sexy, like a woman who’s made a
man really want her.

“So goddamn pretty, baby,” Sam growls,
easily sliding a long, thick finger up inside you, pulling a straight up
pornographic moan from your mouth as your inner walls flutter around the
intrusion. “Fuck,” Sam says vehemently, “You’re so tight,
darlin’, so wet. Can’t wait to have
my cock inside this prefect pussy.” You gasp at the utter vulgarity of his words, a new, unknown heat rising in your
lower half. Sam chuckles lightly, gently easing a second fingers in to join the
first, pumping them with a perfect speed and angle. “You like when I talk
dirty to you?” He questions against your lower belly, his eyes trained on
yours as his tongue reaches out to taste the saltiness of your slowly dampening
skin. 

You nod, completely dazed by pleasure, your eyes
fighting to stay open and on his amongst the continuous onslaught of it.
“Oh, fuck!” You cry when Sam quickens his fingers inside you, hooking
them a certain way to stimulate the spot inside you that causes white to spark
in your vision and your hips to jerk wildly. Your world tilts on its head when
Sam leans in to seal his mouth around your throbbing clit, a long, loud string
of moans filtering out of your mouth as you’re hurled from the edge, helpless
and willingly surrendered to the magic of Sam’s mouth and fingers.

“God, you’re a fuckin’ goddess,” Sam
breathes as he quickly climbs back up your body to kiss you hungrily, his
tongue slipping between your lips so you can taste yourself on him. He doesn’t
waste any time in slotting his hips between your thighs, shoving a powerful
hand between your bodies to position his cock and push himself all the way inside
you with one slick, fluid push. You’re at a loss for words, still not entirely
down to earth from your previous orgasm, your mouth open in a perfect O shape
as you look up at Sam with hooded eyes, the heft of his cock dragging so
sweetly against your ridiculously wet, velvety walls. “Look at you,”
Sam praises, a little look of pride on his face, “Takin’ my cock so well.
Feels like a fuckin’ dream bein’ inside you, baby girl.”

You sob in pleasure, tangling your hands in his
hair when he presses his forehead against yours and rocks into you deeply, your
body thrumming with so much ecstasy that you could wax poetic about it for the
rest of your life. “So good, Sam,” you cry for him, “It feels so
good.” You look up into his eyes, noticing the way they flutter, and how
these amazing little sounds keep coming out of his mouth. It’s nearly enough to
make you come again. “Please, Sam,” you whimper, pressing your knees
against his sides, changing the angle in which he’s fucking you with in just
the slightest way, “Fuck me harder.”

Sam moans gutturally, pressing his hands into the
cushion on either side of your head and bracing one feet on the floor, using it
for the leverage needed to really pound into you. “Like this?” Sam
questions in a rough voice, “This hard enough for you, darlin’?”

“Never enough!” You gasp, “I’ll
never get enough, Sam!” You lie there and take everything he offers you,
feeling like such a needy vixen for him, and by this point, him and that cock
of his has got you speaking such nonsense and filth, that you’re bound to blush
every single time you recall this very moment. “Fuck me, Sam,” you
plead, looking right into his eyes when you say in a salacious voice,
“Make me yours. Fuckin’ ruin me, baby.”

“Hoh-ly fuck!” Sam calls, his hips stuttering from
shock at your words before he forces himself to get back with program.
“Gonna come,” he tells you, rocking a bit quicker, “Gonna come
just for you, pretty girl. That what you want?”

“Yes!” You cry, feeling the pressure
build between your hips, “Come inside me, Sam. Fill me up—please!”
Your eyes roll back when he gets a hand between your legs to rub your clit,
sending wave after wave of pleasure crashing inside away inside you. Soon
after, Sam moans deeply and a different kind of warmth fills you, making you
come harder than you ever have in your life. You pull Sam into a kiss, one
that’s more so just open mouths slipping and sliding against each other as you
both writhe and buck through your releases, with stars in your eyes and fire in your
veins as you cling to each other.

Everything feels fuzzy and faint and you don’t
even really notice when Sam gently pulls out of you, his large body squeezing
between yours and the back of the sofa. He positions you with easy strength so
that your back is pressed tightly against his slick chest, your jellified legs
tangling with his and his wet, softening cock pressing into your ass. He
peppers your neck in lazy kisses, nuzzling under your jaw as you both bask in
the post-coital bliss that surrounds you like an airy cloud.

“How you feelin’?” Sam asks in a soft
voice, mouth right against your ear, one of his hands trailing along your hip
and lower belly.

You just smile, letting your eyes drift closed in
delight. “Hungry,” you finally say, lazily shifting onto your back,
laughing with Sam and pulling him in for the millionth kiss you’ve shared
tonight.



Welcome To The Park





You awake in a bed that
isn’t yours, inside a house that most certainly is not your own. Instead of
pristine white sheets, your blanketed by a black and red striped comforter
that’s been softened by one too many washes, lying atop navy blue sheets
completely nude and a stickiness between your thighs that stands as a reminder
of the kind of night you had. You rouse from the bed when the aroma of bacon
meets your nose, a lazy, carefree smile tugging at your sleep-swollen lips. You
rub at your eyes and attempt to smooth down your bedhead as you guide yourself
out of the bedroom, making a quick stop in the bathroom to relieve yourself and
clean up a bit before finally venturing into the kitchen.Sam stands at the stove, just as naked as you,
flipping the sizzling bacon and tapping his foot along with the beat of some
old rock classic that’s playing on the staticy radio by the sink. You admire
his form—the golden expanse of his strong back, the curves of his bare ass, and
the wild mop of hair atop his head that desperately needs a good comb through.
Your smile only grows as you sneak up behind him and wrap your arms around his
narrow waist, giggling into the space between his shoulder blades when he jumps
and drops the spatula in shock.
“Didn’t mean to scare you,” you grin,
pressing your cheek against his back and breathing in the scent of him. Sam’s
chuckle vibrates through you as he turns to pull you up against his chest, his
powerful arms cradling you in a blanket of warmth. His lips ghost across your
forehead and he sweetly noses at your hairline, his hands trailing down your
sides and making you giggle at the way it tickles your bare skin. You look up
into his eyes, loving the little smile on his face. “I had a really good
time with you last night,” you say softly, stretching up on your tiptoes
to nuzzle your nose along his, “I’ve never had so much fun with someone
before.”

Sam gives you a gentle smile. “Well, the
fun’s not over just yet, sweetheart,” he reaches behind himself to turn
off the burning eye on the stove, “Breakfast is served.” He gives
your ass a playful swat when you pull away and turn your back to him, laughing
when you look over your shoulder and wrinkle your nose at him in faux distaste.
You disappear into the living room to pluck your abandoned panties from the
ground and pull them on, along with the large tee Sam had left there as well
the night before, also grabbing his boxers before meeting him back in the
kitchen.

“Thanks,” he winks when you toss them at
his chest, his hands quick to catch them. He bends at the waist and tucks his
feet into the legs, jumping a bit when he yanks them up, a boyish grin on his
face. “Hey, um,” he starts as he takes a seat across from you at the
table, “There’s a party at the cove next week, if you wanna tag along with
me and Dean.”

“The cove,” you repeat, sounding a bit
skeptical.

“Yeah,” Sam laughs softly, loading a
plate up with bacon and eggs before handing it to you. “It’s this place
back in the woods, like this giant tree house,” he explains, “It’s
made out all these old trailers and has metal stairs and bridges around it.
It’s pretty cool actually, been around since I was a little boy.” His eyes
shine with excitement, like he’s thinking all kind of old memories, and you just
sit and admire him, popping some crisp bacon into your mouth. “It’s where
I drank my first beer, smoked my first and last
cigarette,” he chuckles, stabbing at his eggs with a fork, “Hit my
first joint there, too, because Dean wouldn’t leave me the hell alone about
tryin’ it.”

“You lose your virginity there, too?”
You quirk an eyebrow, mischief flashing in your eyes. Sam just gives you a look
from across the table, one that says I’m
not one hundred percent sure I should answer that. “‘Kay,” you
shrug, “I’ll share my experience first.” You laugh when he perks up
and gives you his undivided attention. “I was sixteen and going to this
really fancy boarding school, like, plaid skirt and Oxfords kind of shit,”
you ignore Sam’s little ohhh of
intrigue, “There was this senior guy who all the girls bowed down to, said
he was the end all, be all of guys.” You roll your eyes at the memory.
“Well, for whatever reason he took a liking to me, and he took me to this
hidden place on the outskirts of town and asked if he could deflower me.”

Sam snorts. “Deflower you?” He breathes out a laugh. “That’s on odd
way of askin’ a girl if she wouldn’t mind letting you fuck ‘er.”

“My sentiments exactly,” you grin,
“And he wasn’t even good at it. He kept doing this ugly grunting thing, ya
know, like a caveman.”

“Yeah? What about his club?” Sam questions with a smirk, his eyes trained on yours
as he takes a sip of orange juice

You sink your teeth into your bottom lip.
“I’ve definitely had
better,” you say, voice coming out in a purr, “I once fucked this
mechanic who had the most beautiful
cock that I’ve ever had the pleasure of having inside me.” Sam’s eyes grow
cloudy with lust at your words, his nostrils flaring as he lets go of a deep
exhale. “I didn’t get the chance to have it in my mouth, though,” you
say in faux little pout, “Such a shame.”

Sam catches the little devious smirk that crosses
your lips, his sights set on every move you make as you slither down in your
chair and disappear beneath the table. He scoots his chair back and looks down
to watch you crawl in-between his legs once they’ve fallen open, your hands
sliding up his thighs until you’re palming his quickly hardening cock through
the worn material concealing it from you.

“Damn, girl,” Sam breathes, his hands
sliding up and down your forearms, “I ain’t never had a breakfast quite
like this.”

“Well, bon appétit,” you grin up at him,
sliding your hand beneath the waistband to pull him free, licking your lips and
eagerly getting to work.

The week flies by, what with hanging out with Sam
and avoiding your parents all together, that the night of the cove party sneaks
up on you. Part of you is nervous, mainly because you were never the party girl
growing up. The craziest you ever got was junior year of high school when your
best friend stole her mom’s wine coolers and brought them to the sleepover you
had at your house. Needless to say, your mom caught you and made all your
friends leave, leaving you totally embarrassed and hiccupping tipsy. 

“Don’t worry,” Sam says, one of his warm
hands sliding up your thigh beneath your mini-skirt to squeeze in a reassuring
way, the other holding the steering wheel of his old truck straight.
“You’ll have a good time, darlin’,” he smiles at the road.

“Just…don’t leave me, okay?” You look at
his profile with apprehensive eyes, nervously chewing the dry skin on your
bottom lip. “I’ve never been here before and I’m a little freaked
out,” you admit, voice growing small, “So, just please stay with
me.“ 

God, you sound like such a baby.

“Of course I’m stayin’ with you,” Sam
says, pulling his car up onto a crowded grassy knoll that’s lined with cars. He
kills the engine and turns in his seat towards you, his hand coming up to rest
on the back of your neck, his calloused thumb caressing the hinge of your jaw.
“You just say the word and we’ll ditch,” he tells you with a sweet
smile, his eyes sincere when you turn your head to look at him and nod.
“Did I mention that you look damn good tonight?” He smirks, laughing
lightly when you playfully swat his hand away and blush a deep shade of pink,
trying to hide your smile. “Let’s rock and roll, sweetheart,” he
whispers, leaning into kiss your temple before jumping out the car, quickly
rounding it to open your door before you have the chance to.

Sam guides you up a dirt path with his hand securely
intertwined with yours, other party goers milling around you as you go. The
music grows in volume as you get closer and closer to the cove. It’s just as
cool as Sam had told you, the old, colorful trailers stack atop one another
with stairs and bridges connecting them all. 


White Christmas lights are wrapped
around all over, giving off a glow that makes you smile. Tons of people filter
in and out of the trailers and up and down the stairs, red cups in hand and
laughs on their lips.

“Well if it ain’t ol’ Sammy Winchester in the
flesh!” A strongly accented voice sounds from behind the two of you,
causing you both to turn in response. A burly guy stands there, arms
outstretched like he’s asking for a hug. “I was wonderin’ when yer scrawny
ass was gonna show up,” the stranger laughs when Sam goes in for a hug,
the two of them roughly slapping each other on the backs. 

“Good to see you, too, Benny,” Sam
greets, pulling back and wrapping an arm around your shoulders, beaming when he
says, “Benny, I’d like you to meet Y/N.”

“Hey, darlin’,” Benny nods, playfully
grabbing your hand and placing a soft kiss on the back of it, making you blush.
“Deany boy’s told me all about ya,” he says with a wink, “Said
he just don’t get how a sap like Sam landed a pretty lil’ thing like you.”

“Oh,” you say with a bashful laugh,
curling into Sam’s side.

“Dean’s an ass,” Sam chuckles as he
rolls his eyes. “Where’s that sonuvabitch at anyhow?”

“Hey! Don’t go talkin’ ‘bout yer mama like
that, son,” Benny teases as he shoves Sam’s shoulder, making them both
laugh jovially. “Deano’s up in Cabin Five,” Benny tells Sam,
“Last time I saw ‘im, he was tryin’ to get up Stacy Jo’s skirt.”

“'Course he was,” Sam chuckles,
“He’s only had the hots for her since they were both knee high to a grasshopper.”
Benny shrugs, his attention being stolen by someone who shouts his name and
holds up a beer funnel. Sam just laughs, squeezes your shoulder and says,
“C'mon, baby.”

Cabin Five ends up being the trailer at the top of
the tower, an old white and brown one that’s on the smaller side. When Sam
pulls you inside it, the strong scent of pot reaches your nose, the air a thick
haze of the stuff. You feel a little lightheaded after a while, following Sam
towards the back until he shouts his brother’s name in greeting. You see Dean
sitting on a horrendous plaid couch, waving you two over as he takes a massive
hit of the joint pinched between his fingers, his apple green eyes red and
heavily hooded when they look at up you once you’re standing before him.

“Hey, sugar,” he smiles at you, patting
the empty seat next to him, smoke billowing out of his mouth and nose. You look
at Sam before accepting the seat, watching his lips curl up into a smirk as he
settles in next you, sandwiching you in between him and Dean on the small
couch. You watch as Dean passes the shortening joint to Sam, your eyes focused
on the way Sam’s lips cradle the end and how the veins in his neck appear as he
sucks a large hit into his lungs, expertly suppressing his chocking as he holds
the smoke in for as long as possible. You look at him with an intrigued gaze as
he purses his lips, tilts his head back, and blows out a large cloud of fog,
all while he looks at you from the corner of his eyes and smirks this sexy
little smirk.

“You want some, newbie?” Dean asks low
in your ear, holding the burning joint out in front of you as an offering. Your
brain and impulse centers go to war with each other, your brain saying no, no, no, this is a terrible idea, but
your impulsive side saying so sweetly go
for it, kid, what harm’ll it do? You look at Sam, who simply shrugs, a lazy
smile overtaking his mouth. Okay, you
think, looking over at Dean and taking the joint from him, bringing the end to
your lips and breathing in the pungent, burning smoke. The onslaught of coughs
that follows are violent and loud, the brothers laughing with amusement on
either side of you as you clutch at your chest, smiling despite the way it
burns.

“Let me help you, baby,” Sam says,
stealing the joint from you and taking in the biggest hit he can. You gasp when
he grabs your face and seals his mouth over yours, his tongue parting your lips
so he can blow the smoke into your mouth. You breathe it in like it’s a regular
inhale, your tongue twining around Sam’s for a few seconds before you pull
away, tilt your head back, and blow the smoke out with only a few small coughs
this time. “That’s my girl,” Sam whispers in your ear, his voice
becoming a little tinny as the drug works through your system. 

Soon, everything feels fuzzy, like the world is
made of nothing but fluffy clouds. A world where stress doesn’t exists, your
parents don’t matter, and the music is really fucking good. Sam and Dean watch
in amusement as you climb out of your seat, all floppy arms and adorable giggle
as you join the small group of people who are dancing in the center of the
room. One of the girls grabs your hands and guides you in some kind of silly
dance, her long brown hair shaking all around as you both laugh uncontrollably and
try not to topple over. Pretty soon however, dancing gets boring and you
retreat back to the couch, a prominent pout on your lips.

“What’s wrong, buttercup?” Dean chuckles.

“I’m hungry,” you say, turning to Sam
with wide, frightened eyes, “Am I gonna starve?” Sam just shakes his head, smiling as he reaches over and
grabs the bowl of pretzels that is sitting on the end table. “You’re so
sweet to me,” you smile dumbly at him, accepting the bowl and throwing a
few salty pretzels in your mouth. “Oh my god!” You say, words
muffled, “These are, like, the best thing ever.”

“I’m gonna go get you a drink,” Sam
laughs, “Stay here with Dean and don’t move.”You nod, not really hearing
his words as you continue to eat. You turn to say something to Dean, only to be
met with the realization that all his attention is being given to the redhead
now sitting on the arm of the couch beside him, her hand dangerously close to
his dick as she trails it up his thigh. You scoff, growing bored and curious
all over again. You pull yourself up off the couch, feeling like you’re being
weighted down with cinder blocks. You rub at your forehead as you venture down
the dark hall of the trailer, finding an unoccupied room and crashing down into
the beanbag in the corner.

The room starts spinning, like you’re swimming in
a toilet bowl that someone’s just flushed. You feel as though you’re vibrating
all over. A stupid, giggling mess. You can faintly hear someone calling your
name, your hands reaching out and grabbing a hold of something warm and solid
in efforts to anchor yourself to the ground that feels like it’s moving. You
blink rapidly, your foggy eyes soon clearing and the tightness in your chest
finally loosening. Sam’s crouching before you when you can actual focus on
something, his hands cradling your face, fingers gently caressing in efforts to
calm your heavy breathing.

“Whoa,” you say through a long exhale,
“That was fucking intense.”

“Here,” Sam holds a chilled water bottle
up to your mouth, “Drink this, you’ll feel better.” He gives you a
little smile as you accept it, the thumb of his free hand tenderly running over
your flushed cheek as you drink. “I think you just experienced your first
come-down, darlin’,” he informs you, “The first one’s always a bitch.”

You look at him apologetically. “Sorry I
didn’t stay with Dean,” you say in a small voice, “I just started
feeling weird and wanted to lay down somewhere away from all those people.”

Sam shakes his head. “Don’t worry ‘bout it,
baby,” he smiles softly, “You’re safe here. I just didn’t want you
wonderin’ off and gettin’ hurt in your state. Shit’s happened before.”

You nod in response, feeling a lot better after
finishing off the water and with Sam’s comforting presence. A comfortable
silence fills the little room, the bright multicolored light of various lava
lamps placed all throughout giving off a relaxing vibe, the loud music and
conversation outside muffled by the closed door. “Kiss me, Sam,” you
whisper after a while, making room for him on the beanbag and wrapping yourself
around him when he climbs in beside you. He pushes the hair away from your
face, pecking the tip of your nose before moving to press his lips against
yours. You lean into it, your tongue snaking out to trace his bottom lip,
moaning softly when he grabs your hip and pulls you as close as he can get you.

The warm weight of Sam’s hand moves along your
inner thigh, up under your denim skirt until he’s pressing his fingers against
your clit through the thin panties you’re wearing. You release his mouth,
panting and whimpering in need as you spread your legs for him, your head
tipping back when he shoves his hand beneath the soft cotton and smears your
slick between your lips and all around your buzzing little bundle of nerves.
“So wet already,” Sam husks in your ear, “Always so ready for
me, baby, makes my cock ache so fuckin’ bad.”

You groan in response, so ready to have him inside
you that you can actual feel it in your veins—or maybe it some residual pot.
Hell, you didn’t know. All you know is that Sam definitely isn’t expecting you
to flip the switch on him by grabbing his shoulders and shoving him onto his
back, nearly pushing him off the beanbag. “Whoafuck,” he grunts as you straddle
his lap, looking down to watch your hasty hands undo his belt and yank his
jeans open, his eyes growing dark with desire and his cock throbbing at your
sudden assertiveness. A hum of approval leaves him when you pull his hard flesh
free of its confines, his hands reaching out to take hold of hips when you brace
your tiptoes against the floor on either side of the beanbag and hike your
skirt up around your hips. You watch his head fall back when you wrap your hand
around him and use the other to push your panties to the side, teetering on
your toes for leverage to push yourself up and sink down onto him completely.

“Fuck yeah,” Sam breathes, looking up at
you with fierce eyes as you sheath him inside your warm, wet walls. You place
your hands on his chest, fisting his t-shirt as you slide back and forth in his
lap, the slick sound of him slipping in and out of you meeting your ears and
making you blush a deep red as you moan in bliss. “That’s a good
girl,” Sam praises, reaching around to grab your ass to spur you on
faster, “Use my cock just like that, baby girl, make yourself come.”

“Sam,” you moan, letting your head tip
back as you pop your hips quicker, hmm-ing and ohh-ing and yes-ing as you rock
yourself silly. “Oh!” You gasp in shock when Sam slaps a heavy hand
on your ass, the skin tingling with heat and needley pain. “Fuck,”
you say breathlessly as you still in his lap, looking down at him with a
playful smile, “Do that again.“ 

“Yeah?” He smirks, rubbing at your
assaulted flesh and waiting for you to nod before pulling his hand back and
giving you what you want. He watches you wiggle through the pain that follows,
biting your lips between your teeth and mmmm-ing in delight. “You like
that?” He asks, grabbing your waist to pull you up his cock, his hips
quickly snapping up to bury himself deep inside you again. “Yeah, I know
you do,” he smiles lasciviously at your blissful little whimpers, “I
could feel you get wetter after the first one.“ 

“God, you drive me crazy,” you say with
a smile, twirling your hips and running your hands up his chest. You lower
yourself over him to kiss him hungrily, slotting your tongue between his lips
and carding your fingers through his hair. “I need you to fuck me,
Sam,” you purr against his mouth, giggling when he growls and swiftly
flips you over onto your back. He pulls out and flips you again so you’re face
down on the beanbag, your wiggling ass high in the air. He shoves your panties
down until their left abandoned at your knees, his jeans and boxers receiving
the same treatment before he saddles up close to slide his cock back inside
you. 

Your eyes roll back in pleasure, the fit much
tighter in this position. The sound on skin slapping skin fills the little
room, along with the calls of ecstasy that leave you and Sam as you work
together in reaching that awaiting peak. Sam thrusts forward as you rock back,
his hands squeezing your ass that’s decorated in red welts that zing with a
sweet mixture of pain and pleasure. Sweat trickles down your temples as you
pant, the air surrounding you thick with the stink of sex. 

When you finally careen into inexplicable
euphoria, you’re breathless and shaking and unable to focus on anything but the
smooth glide of Sam inside you, growing slicker and slicker from your orgasm.
Your flexing walls work as a catalyst for Sam’s own release, his final string
of moans and groans the most exquisite melody you’ve ever heard as he empties
himself deep inside you. His hips jerk weakly a few more times before he’s
falling down against your back, boneless and panting wildly in your ear.

“Fuck’s sake, girly,” he chuckles breathily,
his lips skimming over your ruddy cheek as you lie just as exhausted beneath
him. “Ain’t no other woman ever made me come the way you do,” he
admits, lining your jaw with tiny kisses, “Damn near makes me wanna put a
ring on that pretty little finger of yours.”

You snort a laugh. “That’s just your dick
talkin’,” you murmur, “Now get off me before you kill me.”

Sam sniggers as he hauls himself up, slowly
pulling out of you and yanking his pants back up, loose belt jingling in the
air. He watches as you sit up on your knees with your back to him, his milky
come dribbling down your inner thigh as you reach down to pull your panties up.
“The owner of this chair really isn’t gonna like the fact that we made
such a mess,” he snickers as he jumps up to his feet, helping you do the
same when he notices you’re a little wobbly.

You simply shrug, your smile careless and mischief
glimmering in your eyes when you look up at him. “They shouldn’t'a just
left it lying around then,” you say, patting his chest and walking around
him to open the door. “Let’s go back to your place,” you suggest,
giving him a smirk when you add, “I’d like to try that spanking thing out
a little bit more.”

“Jesus H. Christ,” Sam says under his
breath, readjusting himself in his jeans, “You keep talkin’ like that and we won’t even make it that far.”

“Ohhh, car sex,” you beam, “Even
better.”

The next morning, you and Sam are tucked away in a
booth at the nearest IHOP, sharing a tall stack of pancakes smothered in whip
cream and sliced strawberries. You’re both still in your pajamas, your makeup a
mess and Sam’s hair an even bigger one. The waitress serving you just smiles
when she passes your table or stops to top of your coffee cups. 

“My mother would have a cow if she saw the
state I was in right now,” you chuckle, licking some stray cream from your
lips. Sam gives a small laugh,
wiping his mouth with a crumpled napkin. “I’d think it’d be cool to meet ‘em,” he
shurgs, “Your parents, I mean.” He quickly notices the way you grow
tense in response. “You don’t talk about ‘em much,” he says,
“What’re they like?”

You heave a heavy sigh, wishing Sam would just
forget the subject entirely. “You wouldn’t want to meet them,” you
decide for him, not meeting his eyes as you poke at the leftover pancake
pieces. You don’t catch the confusion and hurt that clouds Sam’s eyes, or the
way he looks around to make sure no one else is listening.

“Are you ashamed of me or somethin’?” He
asks in a soft voice, “I mean, I don’t wanna assume anything, but—”

Your eyes snap up to meet his, your mouth falling
open in horror. “Of course not, Sam,” you say quickly, leaning over
the table to get closer to him. “It’s just,” you stop to take a deep
breath, “I’m ashamed of them—not you.” When he raises his
eyebrows in question, you swallow thickly. “My parents only care about
money, prestige, and pedigree. They’re shallow, Sam. I know they’re my parents
an’ all, but they’re everything I don’t
want to be in life,” you explain, “You’re such a kindhearted, caring
person, and I just don’t want them tearing you apart because you don’t meet
their unrealistic expectations for me.” You snort humorlessly before
adding, “Shit, I don’t even meet
their expectations for me.”

Sam sits silent, thinking over your words.
“You’re not datin’ me to stick it to ‘em, are you?” He asks, giving
you the biggest puppy dog eyes you’ve seen before. “You’re not just usin’
me to piss 'em off?”

“God, no,” you say, reaching across the
table to grab his hands in yours. “Sam, I’m with you because I truly like
you,” you say vehemently, “You treat me the way I only ever dreamed
of before I met you. You’re sweet, considerate, and such a gentleman. If
anything, I’m lucky you even considered me.”

“What’s that supposed to mean?” Sam rubs
at the back of your hands with his thumbs.

You chew at your bottom lip. “I’m just some
spoiled little rich girl whose parents basically treat her like a pawn,”
you shrug, emotional lacing in your voice despite your efforts to stop it,
“They see me as some ticket to getting them married into a family even
richer than them. All I’ve ever known is fancy dinner parties, horribly
unflavored food, and this stupid need to fit into the box my parents created
for me.” You release Sam’s hands to quickly wipe away the tears that fall
down your cheeks, rolling your eyes at your lack of composure. “I just
feel broken sometimes, ya know?” You say in a soft voice, giving Sam a
watery smile that doesn’t meet your eyes. “Sometimes I feel like a failure,
like all I ever do is disappoint people—especially my parents.”

Jesus, where’s this all coming from? You’re
sitting in an IHOP spilling your freaking guts out to a guy you’ve only known
for a few weeks, but in a way, feel like you’ve known forever. “With
you,” you start, “I feel like I can be myself, like I don’t have to
pretend to be this perfect little angel who’s put together twenty-four seven.
With you, I feel like me.”

Sam smiles warmly at you from across the table.
“Do you trust me?” He asks, forehead creasing with concern. When you
nod immediately, he sighs and says, “I wasn’t gonna bring this up because
I didn’t want to pry, but since we’re getting’ all deep and shit, I thought I’d
ask.”

“Okay,” you nod to encourage him.

“The first time we…” he gestures
between the two of you, waiting for you to catch on before saying, “I, uh,
I noticed some bruises on your hips. I didn’t question 'em because we were in
the middle of somethin’, but they, um, they kinda looked like someone grabbed
you the wrong way.” He watches the way your eyes widen and your breathing
quickens. “Now, you don’t have to tell me about 'em,” he says softly,
hands up in defense, “But again, I just thought I’d ask.”

You search your brain for a viable excuse to use so
you don’t have to tell him the truth. 
Tell him you’re clumsy. Tell him you’re just
really bad about walking into doorknobs, or corners on furniture.
In some way or another, none
of them seem good enough, so instead of hiding from it, you simply take a deep
breath and tell Sam how you got the bruises you’d been so upset about weeks
prior.

Every single excruciating detail.



Let It Be
Chapter Summary
You have a one-on-one with your father for the first time in weeks, and as expected, things don’t go so good.
Chapter Notes
This chapter contains a brief mention of attempted sexual assault. Please, my little doves, do not read if this triggers you in any way. I get that you enjoy my writing but I care more for your mental and emotional wellbeing than kudos or comments <3






You walk into the
house, feeling as if the tall white walls are caving in on you as soon as you
step through the intricately carved threshold. It’s never felt more strange
being in your own home before, like it wasn’t where you belonged at all, like
there was a suddenly obvious lack of warmth and safety and a comfort you craved
but never found in this place. Maybe you were being dramatic, maybe you were
just being ungrateful—what girl wouldn’t want this life? A life of means, of
nice clothes and an expensive car. 
Somehow though, it
just didn’t feel like enough anymore. Maybe it never had been.
You find your father
out on the veranda drinking lemonade and reading the morning newspaper,
forehead creased in concentration as he reads about stocks and sports. He hears
your footsteps but choses to ignore them, not even giving you a second glance
when you take the seat across from him at the glass-top patio table. “You
look terrible,” is the first thing he says, not even bothering to look at
you for more than a few seconds, “Ever since you’ve started seeing that
Winchester fiend, you’ve stayed out all hours of the night and barely speak a
word to me and your mother. Then you stumble in, looking like you’ve partied
all night, doing God only knows what.”
“Don’t drag Sam
into this, please,” you plead weakly, tired of fighting with him, “I
just came out here to sit with you, okay?” You hear his scoff, fighting
back the tears that flood your eyes. “Why do you do that?” You ask in
a soft voice, “Why do you try and make me feel stupid for trying to spend
time with you? You’ve done it my entire life.”
“Oh, stop being
dramatic,” he says, rolling his eyes and placing his paper down on the
table. “I’ve given you everything, Y/N,” he defends himself, “I’ve
given you a life anyone would sell their soul to have.”
“If you call
forcing me to date assholes and buying my love a life worth having, you are so
sadly delusional,” you reply with a watery laugh, “Daddy, you have
try to control every aspect of my life. I can’t do anything without you
sticking your nose up at it or making me feel like an idiot for having my own
wants and needs, for wanting to be myself and make my own choices.”
Your father stands
angrily. “I will not sit here and listen to you spew such venomous
lies,” he seethes, “You stay out all night, probably spreading your
legs for that trash like a common whore,
and I’m to blame because I didn’t coddle you growing up?”
“Richard!”
Your mother’s horrified gasp comes from the open back door, heartbreak evident
in her tone. Tears sit heavy in your eyes, your chest growing tight with shock
and betrayal. “Honey, he didn’t mean it,” your mother tries to say
when you stand up and walk past her into the house, a choked sob escaping your mouth.
“Richard, tell her you didn’t mean it!” You hear her beg your father
before you shoot up the stairs to your bedroom, grabbing empty suitcases from
your closet and stuffing them with whatever will fit—clothes, shoes,
toiletries, whatever the fuck.
“Sweetie, please
don’t go,” your mother pleads when she sees what you’re doing, her dainty,
desperate hands trying to stop you, “We can work this out.”
“No!” You
sob, tearing yourself away from her, “Don’t you get it, mom? I’ll never be
what you and dad want me to be, okay? I don’t want this—I don’t want any of
it! I just want to live a life I’m happy with, with someone who loves me for me and not the wealth I come from.”
You turn to stare at the overflowing suitcases on your bed. “I have to go,
mom,” you say in a broken voice, “I don’t belong here anymore,”
taking a second of short silence before adding, “I never did.” You
pull the zippers closed and drag the cases off the bed by their handles.
“I’ll be back whenever for the rest of my stuff,” you say to your
mother in passing as you leave the room.
There’s no way in hell
you’re using the car your father bought you, so you call a cab once you’re
outside, thanking the heavens above it doesn’t take long to get there. You put
a smile on your face through tears when the driver helps you with your bags,
even opening the back door for you as an added nicety. You give the man Sam’s
address, looking out the window as the world passes you by. The words common whore repeat over and over again
in your head, your father’s face grow meaner and more vicious with every mental
replay. It’s a side of him you’ve never seen before, a side you wish you had still never seen. 
Sam’s a little shocked
when he opens his door to find you standing there, looking like the saddest
girl in the world with your matching, totally over packed luggage. He springs
into action when your face scrunches up in an ugly sob, his arms wrapping
around you as he cradles your head against his chest, his mouth resting against
the top of your head, softly shooshing into your hair as he rubs your back with
his free hand. “It’ll be okay, darlin’,” he whispers, “We’ll be
okay.”
Inside the warmth of
his little home, Sam makes you some coffee, fixing it up just the way you like.
He lets you settle in his lap as he sits in his old, ratty recliner in the
living room, your face buried in his neck as you cradle a John Wayne mug in
your hands. “Tell me all about it, sweetheart,” he whispers, cuddling
you closer. He listens to you relive the last hour or so, wiping your tears as
you go and smoothing your hair down sweetly. He feels responsible, but you tell
him not to be stupid, that you were going to have a blowout with your dad
eventually whether Sam had come into your life or not.
“I can stay in a
hotel if this is too much for you,” you suggests, understanding if Sam
thinks this is all too sudden and a little too soon considering you’ve only
known each other a short time.
“Nonsense,”
he tells you, his lips pressing against your forehead, “You’ll stay here,
with me.”
You nod, grateful that he
shot down your idea, because truthfully, you didn’t want to be anywhere else
right now. Something about the warmth of Sam’s body and the rumble of his chest
when he spoke worked as the greatest therapy you could have asked for, better
than the chocolate ice cream and sappy chick flicks you usually used to make
yourself feel better.
That night, after
Sam helps you make space for the fraction of clothes and shoes you brought in
his master closet and after he’s piled all your toiletries in the overflowing medicine
cabinet in the bathroom, he pulls you into bed. He slowly strips your clothes
off until you’re wonderfully bare, his hands and lips gentle and soothing on
your flesh. He works his own clothing off as well, pressing the front of his
body against the back of yours, both of you laying on your sides in the soft cotton
sheets.
“You are not the
things your father called you,” Sam softly says into the space where your
neck meets your shoulder. “You are beautiful and lovely, and you deserve
to be happy all the time,” he kisses along the curve of your shoulder,
trailing a hand down your thigh before wrapping it around your knee to pull
your legs apart. “Hold yourself open for me, baby,” he husks in your
ear, guiding your hand to your knee and praising you when you pull it towards
your chest. You gasp when you feel the blunt head of his cock slide through
your folds, using your free hand to reach down and spread them apart, amazed at
how wet you are. “Such a good girl for me,” Sam groans as he pushes
himself inside you from behind, filling you up so sweetly that it damn near
makes you cry.
The rhythm Sam builds
is slow and easy, nothing rushed or rough about it. He nips at your jawline,
bathes your neck in soft, tongue-filled kisses, and sets every nerve in your
body alight with pleasure. You moan melodies for him, undulating your hips in
time with his, glowing from the words of encouragement and approval he spills
into your ear in a deep, throaty voice that makes you shiver. When that extra
push is needed, you reach down and rub at your clit, your pussy clutching at where
Sam throbs inside you. He gasps in response, fucking into you a little harder
and clinging to your body as he fills you up with thick strings of hot come. 
“Love it when you
do that, baby,” you tell him in a rasp, nosing at his temple when he
buries his face in your neck, “Feels so good inside me.“ 
“Love filling you
up,” he echoes, gently pulling out of you and shoving a hand between your
dirtied thighs to collect some of the come leaking out your spent cunt. You
accept his soaked fingers into your mouth, sucking and licking them clean and moaning
around them as the familiar taste of Sam covers your tongue. “My filthy
little minx,” Sam smiles as he watches you, “So goddamn
sexy.“ 
You hum appreciatively
as you turn in his hold, tossing a leg over his hip and molding the front of
your body to his. You push the wild, sweat-damp hair away from his forehead and
smile lazily. There’s a softness in his eyes that makes your heart swell when
he looks at you. “You’re my home now,” you whisper to him in the
quiet twilight spilling into the bedroom you now share, voice cracking with
emotion when you add, “Don’t ever leave me, Sam.”
Sam shakes his head,
cradling your face in his hands. “Wouldn’t dream of it,” he says
against your lips, pecking them a few times before saying, “I ain’t goin’
anywhere without you, darlin’.” He swipes the pads of his thumb under your
eyes to clean up the wetness that collects there, his arms eventually wrapping
around you to pull you into his chest, a hand raking through your hair as you
breathe against his warm skin.
 It’s a whole week
before you show up back at the place you used to call home, the house looking
the exact same but now totally different in your eyes. Sam let you borrow his
truck, hitching a ride with Dean to work so you could efficiently haul all your
stuff back to his place—your place, too, now. 
You ring the doorbell,
ignoring how odd it feels and taking a deep breath. Your mom opens the door,
looking a little relieved but nonetheless sad to see you. She lets you in,
informs you she had Gerald pick up some moving boxes and that she’s already took
them upstairs. You give her a small smile of thanks, trudging up the large
staircase, your hand sliding along the smooth, rich oak banister as you
go. 
Once in your former
bedroom, you pack away everything you can, leaving behind the things you don’t
care for. You load box after box into the bed of Sam’s old truck, sighing when
you finally pick up the last one and stare around at your now barren old room.
You turn and walk out, closing the door behind you and descending down the
stairs.
“Where’s
dad?” You ask your mother with a shaky voice.
“He’s in his
study,” she answers, giving you a sad, longing look as you nod and make
your way to the study. She follows behind, not going in but standing in the
doorway as you stop in front of your father’s desk, where he’s sitting with the
back of the chair facing you as he looks out the large window in front of him.
“I, um, I just
came to say goodbye,” you start in a small voice. When he doesn’t say
anything, doesn’t even move a muscle, you sigh shakily. “Daddy, I’m sorry
if I embarrassed you with my actions,” you say, “But I won’t
apologize for finding Sam and falling in love with him.” You look down as
you pick at your fingernails. “I came to tell you that you’re wrong about
him, about his family,” you stop to wipe the tears away, “They’re
good people who work hard for what they have. And I know he’s not what you had
in mind for me, but he’s a good one, and he treats me better than anyone ever
has.”
You take a deep
breath. “But you don’t care about that, daddy,” you cry, “All
you care about is your image and how people perceive you, and you somehow think
that by me marrying the highest bidder, you’ll be happy.” You stop to
think about your next sentence. “You didn’t care that Alexander tried to
force himself on me,” you say in a broken voice, shocked that your father
actually spins his chair around this time, eyes flashing with shock.
“That’s why I broke up with him,” you admit, “He wanted to have
sex and I didn’t, so he tried to force me. He got rough with me, grabbed me so
tight it left bruises and ended up slapping me across the face when I tried to
scream for help. I had to fight like hell to get him off.” You choke back
a sob. “And I tried to tell you, daddy, I did,” you insist, “But you never listened to me and
always cut me off, telling me what events to go to and what people I needed to
impress.”
Tears shine in your
father’s eyes, but his stubborn nature stands strong and he roughly wipes them
away before turning his chair back around. You sigh in response. “I love
you, daddy,” you say softly, “I just wish you loved me more than you
love this life.“ 
With that, you turn to
leave, passing your mother who has a hand covering her mouth and tears
streaming down her cheeks. You leave them both behind, hoping that one day
things between you will be different, but choosing to not hold your breath just
yet. You exit the cold shell of a house, climbing into the driver’s seat of
Sam’s truck and pulling out of the driveway one last time. Despite the sadness
that settles deep in your bones, the weight begins to fall away as you drive
farther away from there and closer to your new home, in that little trailer
park where everything fell into place.
You’re just finishing
up unpacking your boxes when the rumble of Dean’s old classic car sounds from
outside, the opening and slamming of a door making your heart burst before the
car begins driving down the street once again. The front door opens and boots
can be heard on the mat just outside, scraping away any lose mud or dirt. You
smile when a pair of strong arms wraps around you from behind not too long
later, familiar lips playfully kissing up your neck. You spin in those safe
arms, coming face-to-face with a greased smudged Sam, the top half of his navy
coveralls hanging around his hips to reveal a dirty, threadbare, grey t-shirt
that’s tight in all the right places. He smells like sweat, oil, and home, the
scent making your pupils dilate.
"Welcome
home,” you whisper against his mouth, gasping when his hands slide under
your shirt, grease smudging across your skin as he moves them all over. 
“Oops,” he
plays coy, smiling against your parted lips, “Looks like I got you all
dirty.”
“Well,” you
reply, playfully nipping at his bottom lip before trapping it between your
teeth to tug gently, “I think we’re both in need of a nice hot shower,
then.”
Sam growls deep in his
throat as a grin takes over his mouth, bending his knees and grabbing the back
of your thighs to haul you up with ease, making you squeal and wrap your legs
and arms around him like a squid to anchor yourself. You laugh with him all the
way to the bathroom, kissing him silly and smiling like a fool, feeling secure
and wanted and okay despite everything else.
Yeah, you think, I could get
used to this.



My Heart (Epilogue)
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






The alarm clock is shrill, seven o'clock sharp, leaving you groaning and slapping the stupid thing quiet before you turn back over in hopes of getting five more good minutes of much needed sleep. Those dreams are dashed when you hear the pitter patter of little feet coming down the hallway, followed by a soft, shy knock on the bedroom door.


“Stay very quiet and it might go away,”
a groggy voice mumbles next to you in the bed, head turned away from you and
shoved in a pillow. 

You chuckle lightly. “That ‘it’ you speak of
is probably our youngest son who absolutely refuses to sleep past six,”
you reply, reaching over to ruffle the mess of lengthy brown hair atop your
sleepy husband’s head, making him roll over and look at you through barely
opened eyes. 

“We could always just leave him on that
orphanage doorstep like we discussed,” he teases, not surprised when the
doorknob jiggles in response and a tiny, exasperated voice calls out,
“Mommy! Daddy! Let. Me. In!“ 

“Sam, I told you to stop locking this door at
night,” you scold him like he was one of your children, quickly climbing
out of bed and moving to turn the lock and open at the door, revealing a short
little human who has your nose and Sam’s eyes and a sass neither of you can account
for. 

His little annoyed face quickly melts into a
dimpled grin when he sees you. “Mornin’, mommy,” he greets, wrapping
himself around your legs and squeezing tightly before running towards your bed
to give his father some love as well. Sam wraps him in his arms and cuddles him
close, pretending to eat at his neck just to make him laugh. “Yo’re so
silly, daddy!” He giggles, prying himself out of Sam’s grasp to start
jumping on the bed like he does every morning. 

You just smile and shake your head before walking
down the hallway, following the jovial babbling and cooing you hear. You push
open the door to the nursery, gasping playfully when you see a sweet little
babe with brown curls holding onto the side of her crib and bouncing in place.
“Well hello, my sweet girl,” you gush as you walk over and pluck her
out of her bed, settling her on your hip and turning towards the changing
table. You get her all cleaned up and in a fresh onesie before picking her back
up and placing a kiss on her round little cheek, bouncing her on your hip as
you exit her room and travel further down the hallway. 

You don’t bother knocking on the door that has a
stupid “ENTER AT YOUR OWN RISK!” sign on it, knowing it would do no
good in helping to rouse your oldest. You flick on the light, flooding the
pitch black room with brightness, making the figure in the twin bed groan and
pull the covers up over his head. “Up and at ‘em!” You shout happily
just to annoy him, “Early bird catches the worm, yadda yadda, let’s go!” Your baby girl giggles in response,
clapping her hands together and giving you a cheesy, gummy smile.
“See?” You say to the pre-teen who’s purposefully ignoring you,
“Now why can’t you be more like your sister?”

“Because,” he groans as he finally sits
up and rubs at his eyes, his hair an outright mess atop his head, “That
would mean I use diapers and that ain’t cool.”

“Okay, smartass,” you scoff, biting back
a humored smile, “Just get up and get ready before I make you walk to
school, young man.” 
You leave him to get ready,
walking back to your bedroom where Sam and your middle child are lounging on
the bed in matching positions—their hands folded under their heads and their
legs crossed at the ankles. Sam listens intently as your son discusses the woes
of preschool, what with that darned nap time and the healthy snacks he thinks
should be replaced with something sweeter like chocolate cake or those cookies
with the frosting and sprinkles on them. “Okay, boys, enough gossip,”
you smile at them, “Time to get ready for the day.”

“Mommy?” Your son calls as he jumps from
your bed, “Can I seat in tha front on the way to school this time?”

You laugh softly to yourself. “Maybe when
you’re taller, kid,” you say, ruffling his hair as he passes by you, your
heart swelling at the small pout that puffs up his face and the adorable dang it he lets slip under his breath. 
“Watch her while I go
scrounge up some breakfast,” you tell Sam as you place your bouncy
daughter in his already outstretched hands. You lean in to drop a kiss to his
lips, shooting him a wink before heading towards the kitchen, making sure to
wiggle your ass playfully in the process.

“Your mama’s crazy, baby girl,” Sam
tells the little girl with a smile, kissing her head of curls and hugging her
to his chest. He chuckles when she starts babbling nonsense, not able to form
any real, understandable words yet. “Tell me all about it,” he says,
“Tell me how you really feel.” He only laughs when she squeals and
grabs at his stubbly chin with her chubby little hands, her eyes that match
yours wide with wonder as she tries to shove them in Sam’s mouth. “Hey
now,” he snorts another laugh, gently pushing her hands away and cradling
them in one of his large ones, “Quit bein’ a little stinker.” He
boops her nose and kisses her forehead, unsure of how he’d never not known such
a love like the one he had for all his children—a fierce, protective,
unconditional love.

Sam finds you in the laundry room after work, at
war with some grass and grease stains. He’d made sure that all the kids were
occupied by either video games, sleep, or the Lion King before he even thought
about searching you out. 

“We don’t have long,” he whispers in
your ear after he’s plastered himself to your back, making you jump in surprise
since you didn’t even hear him come in. You drop everything that’s in your
hands, reaching back to instead tangle them in his thick hair and tilting your
head to side in order to give his hungry mouth access to your neck. You bite
down into your bottom lip to stop any noise from escaping, your hips pushing
back into Sam’s to feel his hard cock through the rough denim of his jeans.
“Fuck,” his rasps in your ear, strong hands grabbing your hips to
keep them moving, “I could probably come just like this, baby. Been so
long since I had you all to myself.”

“Good,” you start, tilting your head
back against his shoulder and grabbing one of his hands to guide it between
your legs, “Because we more than likely don’t have the time to get all the
way undressed, fuck like bunnies, and then get redressed in time for this kids not to catch us.” Sam laughs
against your throat, shoving his hand beneath your yoga pants and panties to
rub at your needy, sensitive flesh, making you gasp and rock down onto his
fingers, your ass rubbing against his cock in the process. 

“Dry fuck it is, then,” he husks,
shoving his hips forward to further stimulate himself, his free hand coming up
to cover your mouth when you start losing control of your volume, the whirling
dryer an added muter. He pants into your neck, slipping two long fingers inside
your recently neglected cunt, the heel of his rough-skin hand pressed right up
against your throbbing clit. You scream into the palm sealed over your mouth,
your eyes rolling back as pleasure pulses throughout your body. It doesn’t take
long at all for you to come—in fact, you don’t think you’ve ever come so quick.
Sam’s not too far behind, roughly sliding his trapped cock back and forth
against your ass, body soon growing rigid and biting down on your clothed
shoulder to mask his ecstasy as he fills his shorts with hot, sticky come. 

“Holy hell, woman,” he breathes, lax
against your back as you hold yourself up with the washing machine in front of
you, squeezing your thighs around the big hand that’s still between them.
“One'a these days, we’re shippin’ the kids off to my parents for a whole
weekend,” he promises, “That way I can fuck you the way you deserve,
darlin’.”

“Fine by me,” you smile, humming when he
gently pulls his fingers free from your fluttering pussy, the digits glittering
with the evidence of your release when he tugs his hand free from your pants.
You turn just in time to watch him slip them between his lips, tonguing them
clean and moaning at the taste of you.

“Still just as sweet as you’ve always
been,” he smirks once he’s finished. “Someday soon, I’m gonna sit you
right on my face,” he tells you, “And that’s where you’ll stay until
I’ve exhausted that perfect cunt of yours with my mouth.”

“Jesus Christ, Sam,” you groan in
response, pressing your face into his chest, “Let’s send the kids away this weekend.”

Sam just chuckles, mouth open to speak his
approval but quickly being interrupted by the loud shout of, “Daddy! The
Lion King fwoze again!" 

"Will you…” Sam starts, motioning to
his pants that are harboring a pretty big wet spot, “I’ve gotta…”

“Go clean up,” you tell him, “I’ll
take care of that damn DVD player.” You smile as he moves away from you to
sneak out of the laundry room. “Oh, and one more thing,” you stop
him, grinning casually when you say, “I refuse to try and get that stain out.”

Sam just rolls his eyes, biting back a humored
grin.
That night, as you and Sam sit in bed against the
headboard, you’re reading a book while cradling a sleeping baby girl on your
chest and Sam’s flipping through the paper he didn’t chance to read that
morning. In the quiet, peaceful silence that the two of you only ever really
get at this time of night, Sam turns his head to watch the way your eyes follow
the lines of the trashy romance novel and the way the babe using you as a
pillow sighs adorably in her sleep, her face squished by the way she’s lied up
on your breasts. 

A soft smile pulls at his lips, his heart nearly
bursting in his chest with how much he loves you. “You ever regret
it?” He asks in a small voice so he doesn’t disturb his daughter’s slumber.

“Regret what?” You follow up with, eyes
not leaving your book because you’re this
close to the sex scene you’ve been waiting three long chapters for. Your
girlfriend, Nancy, said it was the best stuff she’s read to date.

“Hey, earth to my wife,” Sam laughs,
swiftly snatching the book from your hands, nearly making you shout in protest
before you remind yourself that you’re currently holding a little one who
probably wouldn’t appreciate it very much. You settle for giving give him a
displeased pout, hugging your baby closer. “I said ‘do you ever regret
it’?” Sam repeats, humor twinkling in his eyes.

“And I said 'regret what’?” You sigh,
“You know I hate when you get all cryptic and junk.”

Sam smiles. “I was talkin’ about givin’ it
all up,” he explains, voice falling to an earnest one, “Givin’ up
your parents’ money, givin’ up the chance to marry some rich douchebag who
could buy you the world. You ever resent the fact that you had to waitress
tables all those years because we were strugglin’ there for a while?” He
sighs deeply before adding, “You ever regret givin’ everything up because
of me?”

You chew on your bottom lip in thought, gently and
carefully moving your daughter over to the bassinet beside your bed before
giving Sam your full attention. You cuddle up against his side, cupping his
cheek in one hand and tenderly kissing the other, listening to the shaky exhale
that leaves him. “I didn’t give everything up because of you,” you whisper to him, combing the lengthy brown
hair from his face, “I gave it up for
you.” You thumb over his bottom lip, examining his strong profile.
“You know what I love most about you?” You question him, using his
little hum as a prompt to say, “I love how fiercely protective you are of
me and the kids, but also so kindhearted and gentle.” You smirk when you
asks, “And you wanna know what turns me on most about you?" 

"Oh,” Sam smirks back, finally turning
his head to meet your eyes, “Tell me." 

You pop a kiss on his lips before saying,
"That you’re such an amazing dad.” You smile when his cheeks tint
pink, something you haven’t seen in a while. “You’re so good with
them,” you gush, “And they love you so much, baby.” You see the
way Sam’s eyes glass over with emotion and way his smile wobbles just a bit,
making you bite back your own and nuzzle your nose alongside his. “Not to
mention, you’re a total dilf,” you say just to make him laugh, his open
mouth grazing yours. 

“And you’re the foxiest milf on the block,
darlin’,” Sam returns, running a hand up your side over your silken
nightgown.

“You say the sweetest things to me, Sam
Winchester,” you chuckle, grabbing his face and pulling him in for a
proper kiss, one filled with foolish smiles and breathy laughs. When you pull
back for air, your sweet bliss melts into a solemn look. “There is one
thing I regret, I guess,” you admit, gnawing your lip before elaborating
with, “I hate that our children only know my parents from pictures and
what they read in birthday cards.” You sigh, adding, “I guess I
regret never making amends with my dad. It’s not fair to our kids that they
miss out on knowing their other grandparents just because I didn’t agree with
them and cut them off." 

Sam smiles minutely, grabbing your hand and
placing a gentle kiss across your knuckles. "It’s not too late,
baby,” he says with hope in his voice, “They only live an hour away,
an’ I know you still have their number because I saw it that contact book you
keep by the phone.” He brings you in for another sweet kiss. “If
making things right with your parents is somethin’ you’re thinkin’ about doin’,
just know I’m behind you a hundred an’ ten percent.”

You nod, heart bursting for the man you’ve chosen
to spend your life with. “I’ll think about it,” you tell him,
“For the kids.”

“For the kids,” Sam echoes, loving
admiration dancing in his glittering eyes.

The drive doesn’t take all that long, but with the
kids shouting in the back of the car, one crying and the other two arguing,
you’re left a little frazzled. You’d called ahead a few days prior—luckily
getting your mom—and asked her if you could come and visit for a few hours,
smiling a little when she squealed in response and told you that you didn’t
even have to ask. You asked if it was okay to bring Sam and the kids along,
thanking her when she told you not to be silly and insisted that they tag along.

The house is still massively large, making your
oldest son say, “Dang, this is where you used to live, mom?” You just
shrug, giving him a soft smile.

“You ready?” You ask Sam, rubbing at his
shoulder as he kills the engine and sighs deeply. “Don’t be nervous,”
you tell him when he nods unsurely, combing your fingers through the hair at
the back of his neck, “I’ll be right there beside you.”

You and Sam guide your children up the pebbled
walkway, holding their hands and settling the baby on your hip as you stand on
the doorstep of the place you thought you’d never see again. You ring the
doorbell, hearing the familiar melody of bells ring out inside to inform your
parents they have guests. You hold your breath, squeezing your youngest son’s
tiny hand and smiling when he squeezes back with a dimpled grin made just for
you. The door finally opens, your mother standing there with tears in her eyes
and a hand over her heart, just as beautiful as you had always thought she was
when you were a little girl.

“Hey, mom,” you greet, gasping when she
rushes forward and pulls you into a hug, her hand resting gingerly on the back
of your tiny daughter’s head as she babbles. You watch as your mother pulls
back and looks at the little girl with hearts bursting in her eyes. You
introduce her to your family, even though she pretty much knows them from all
the Christmas cards you’ve sent over the years just to build the bridge you
might have walked over one day. 

Feelings that you can’t explain fill you when she
pulls Sam in for a hug and says, “Thank you for taking care of her.”
You watch Sam smile and hug her closer, letting out a little, “No problem.”

“Well, come on in,” you mother says,
“Your father should be home soon.”

“Oh, where’d he go?” You ask to create
some small talk, quietly berating your middle child for trying to touch the
crystal figurines sitting on the table next to the door. 

“He actually went to that big toy store in
town,” she tells you, making your brows grew together in confusion. She
looks at you hopefully, her voice low enough for only you and Sam to hear as
not to excite the children too much. “He wants to get them some
things,” she says, a little uncertain when she adds, “I hope you
don’t mind. He was just really excited about meeting them and getting to spoil them
a little bit since he hasn’t gotten to.”

“Oh,” you say again, a little softer
this time, your hand moving to intertwine with Sam’s. “That’s okay,”
you nod with a small smile, strangely happy about this revelation, because you
can’t recall your father ever being genuinely excited about anything that
wasn’t a societal obligation. You follow her to the living room where she’s set
out some tea and little snacks, which your sons immediately take a liking to.
“Boys,” you scold when they start shoving whole finger sandwiches
into their mouths and settle on either side of your mother on the couch across
from you, “Act like you were raised with some manners, please.”

“Oh, they’re fine, honey,” your mother
laughs softly, wrapping an arm around each boy and hugging them close.
“They’re growing boys after all!”

“And hellions,” Sam says under his
breath, looking absolutely ridiculous bringing a tiny, delicate tea cup up to
his lips and taking a huge gulp. You playfully slap his arm, snorting a laugh
when he nearly spits the warm, bitter tea out, making sure your mother’s not
looking when he swallows with a grimace and sticks his tongue out to wipe it on
the sleeve of his thick flannel. “You drank this crap growing up?” He
whispers to you, looking incredulous, “Where’s the sugar and ice?”

“Oh, sweetie,” you laugh, patting his
knee in sympathy and shaking your head. Your daughter bounces on your thighs,
shakily crawling out of your lap and into Sam’s, babbling away and pulling herself
up on her feet by grabbing her way up Sam’s shirt, smiling with a wide, gummy
mouth as your husband makes silly faces at her.

“She’s beautiful,” a familiar voice
sounds from behind the couch, making you whip around to see your father
standing there, hair greying and wrinkles crinkling the outer corners of his
eyes as he smiles nervously. You stand immediately, wringing your hands and
mouth parting to speak but forming no words. “She has your eyes,” he
observes, clearing his throat awkwardly in the silence that settles over the
room, all eyes on the interaction between you and the man you’d basically told
to screw off over thirteen years ago.

“Hi, daddy,” you finally say in a small
voice, heart hammering away in your chest as you buzz with nerves. 

Tears sparkle in his haunted eyes when he replies
with, “Hi, pumpkin." 

God, he hasn’t called you that since you fell off
your bike when you were five and wouldn’t stop crying about your scraped up
knees, and he was just trying to comfort you and assure you that it was okay,
that everyone fell off their bike every once in a while. You round the couch
and rush to him, throwing your arms around his neck and hugging him close. He
wraps his arms around you, holding you impossibly tight, like he’s afraid that
if his grip is too lose, you’ll disappear right before his eyes. 

When you pull back, he wipes the tears from your
face before he cleans up his own. "I’m so sorry, for everything,” he
says in a soft voice, “I’m sorry for being a terrible father and pushing
you away, honey. I should have respected your wishes and given your
relationship a real chance. I was just being stubborn and allowing myself to be
influenced by a toxic mindset derived from this lifestyle.”

“Oh, daddy,” you laugh through your
tears, grabbing his hands and squeezing tightly. “I’m sorry, too,”
you cry with a smile, “I’m sorry I never visited or even called. I was
being stubborn, too—I guess now I know where I got it from.” He laughs
with you and pulls you in for another hug.

“Daddy, I’d like you to meet my husband,
Sam,” you say when you pull away, turning towards the couch and waving a
hand at Sam to come over. He quickly scrambles to stand, holding your baby girl
to his chest as he makes his way over to the two of you.

“Hi, Mister Y/L/N,” he greets, maneuvering
your daughter over to one hand to hold the other out towards your father.
“It’s nice to finally meet you,” he smiles nervously.

“Call me Richard, Sam,” your father
smiles back, placing his hand in Sam’s and shaking it firmly. “I’d like to
thank you for taking care of my daughter,” he nods, “And I’m sorry I
didn’t take the time to properly get to know you all those years ago.”

“Thank you, Richard,” Sam says,
“Your daughter’s made me a very happy man.”

You blush at his words, rubbing his back in
appreciation. “Would you like to hold her, daddy?” You ask, motioning
towards the grinning baby who’s wiggling in Sam’s in arms and making grabby
hands at your father. He nods slowly, smile wobbling nervously as Sam hands
over your precious babe to him. She looks up at him in wonder, cautiously
placing a chubby hand on his cheek and her mouth open in thought.

“Hi, little one,” he says to her,
thumbing over one her rosy, round cheeks. “Oh!” He suddenly says,
“That reminds me.” He turns away, swiftly walking away with your
daughter babbling and cooing away in his arms, and you start to say something
but he’s already out of reach. “Gerald!” He calls, “Bring in
those bags from the car, my good man!”

“Yes, sir,” you hear Gerald say before
he’s walking into with too many bags to count dangling on his arms. 

“They’re mostly clothes,” your fathers
informs you, “A few toys, video games, some socks, coloring books,
teething toys. Hell, I don’t even remember all the crap I just bought.” 
You retract in shock, never
having heard your father say hell or
crap in such a casual way in your entire life. 

“Sweet!” Your oldest son says.

“So cool!” Your youngest son adds.

“What do you say, boys?” Sam asks them
in his dad voice, raising his eyebrows and giving them a pointed look.

“Thank you!” They say in unison, running
up to your father and Gerald, gushing about all the cool stuff your dad pulls
out of the bags for them as he balances your daughter on his hip. 

“Won’t you stay for dinner?” Your mother
asks, hope dancing in her eyes. “We have so much to catch up on!”

“But don’t you and dad typically have dinner
at the club on Saturdays?” You ask, remembering the many a weekend you
were forced to spend at that stupid country club growing up, reluctantly kissing
ass and sneaking mojitos when your parents weren’t looking. 

“Oh no,” your father shakes his head
quickly, holding up a rubber giraffe teething toy for your daughter, “We
stopped going there years ago.”

“Huh?” You reply lamely.
“But…why?” You ask, shocked entirely since you recall the club
being the biggest facet in their lives that they used to think the world of.

“We got tired of all the drama,” your mother says, waving a hand in nonchalance,
“And the people there are so vapid and boring—my god—it was like hanging out with broken record players that talk
about the same stuff over and over and over
again.” She huffs like she’s exhausted, making you laugh. “After you
left, we started seeing how vain and idiotic some of things we did were,”
she explains, “It was really an eye opener.”

“Oh,” you say, feeling a little guilty.

“Plus,” your father pipes in, “It
felt pretty good to knock Alexander’s smug little lights out. Wish I could go
back in time and do it all over again.”

“Whoa, wait,” you whirl around to face
him, “You did what?”

“I hit him,” your father shrugs
nonchalantly.

“At least someone did,” Sam laughs with
your dad, the two of them jostling each other around like macho men, still
careful not to scare your daughter who clings to your father’s collar with a
balled up fist, slobbering all over her new toy. “He’s lucky he never met
me,” Sam crosses his arms over his chest, “He woulda been breathin’
through a coffee straw by the time I got finished with him.”

Your father agrees with a laugh. “So,
needless to say,” he grins at you, “We and the Donahue’s no longer
speak. Not that I’ve really noticed the absence all that much.” His nose
crinkles in distaste. “They were a rather horrible bunch of people, the
whole lot of them.”

You’re at a loss for words. “Who are you people?!” You cry
humorously.

“Don’ be silly, mama,” your youngest son
giggles from the floor where he’s connected a long train of train-cars to play
with, neither your mother or father caring that he’s rolling them all around
the shiny hardwood floors. “They’re gramma and grampa!” He says with
a dimpled grin.

You look at Sam with a look that screams whose freakin’ kid is this, shaking your
head and rolling your eyes. Sam just laughs and wraps an arm around your
shoulders.

“Oh! I almost forgot,” your father says,
“I stopped by that Swiss chocolate shop in town and got a whole bunch of
treats for everyone.”

“Daddy, I don’t think—”

“You guys want some?” He ignores your warning
to ask the boys, who immediately shout loudly in approval and hurry to follow
him to the kitchen before you can say absolutely not—because you know what happens when you mix your kids
with too much sugar.

“Daddy, wait!” You cry as you jog after
them, “Don’t do it! They’re not as cute as you think!”

Sam looks at you in mock horror as he quickly
follows behind and hisses, “We are leaving
them here!”



Chapter End Notes
fin.



Afterword


End Notes
Let me know what ya think! You can also keep up with this series at justcallmelosechester.tumblr.com


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



