



cigarettes and - minyoongmeme - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

cigarettes and desperation
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/10777023.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Min Yoongi | Suga
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Min Yoongi | Suga
Additional Tags:
Cigarettes, Alcohol, Blood and Injury, Alternate Universe - Neighbors, University Student Jeon Jungkook, Tattoo Artist Min Yoongi | Suga, Tattoos, Piercings, Tattooed Min Yoongi | Suga, Top Min Yoongi | Suga, Eventual Smut, Masturbation in Shower, Pining, Mentioned Kim Taehyung | V, Dom/sub, Sub Jeon Jungkook, Mentioned Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Anal Fingering, Blow Jobs, Oral Sex, Riding, Rough Sex, Love Bites, Begging, Explicit Language, Biting, Strangers to Lovers, Hair-pulling, Praise, Mild Painplay, Dialogue Heavy, Orgasm Delay, Awkward Jeon Jungkook, Porn With Plot
Series:
Part 1 of
love thy neighbour
Stats:

        Published: 2017-05-24
        Words: 8081
      

cigarettes and desperation
by minyoongmeme
Summary
jeongguk takes loving thy neighbour a little too literally.
Notes
i've lately fallen into the deep hole that is yoonkook and this is what came from it.
just some visuals: yoongi has a (side) nose piercing & an assortment in his ears, and his tattoos are american traditional/japanese traditionali just really fucking love the concept of tattooed and pierced min yoongi so this is kind of indulgent

          See the end of the work for more notes




cigarettes and desperation


Jeongguk’s life was a juggling act. Not only being in his second year of in university as a business major, but balancing two part times jobs in order to slowly chip away at the never ending debt he was in. It wasn’t ideal in any sense, his weeks consisted of studying, ice cold showers because his apartment complex never seemed to have anything even close to warm water, his apartment constantly smelling like cigarette smoke thanks to his neighbour, 

and

 living off of plain rice and instant ramen. Somehow, throughout the inconstant chaos that was his life, he stayed on top of his school work, maintaining a pretty reasonable average. Unlike most people his age, he actually enjoyed his part time jobs, one being in a small coffeeshop around the corner from his apartment and the other at a dog shelter. His whole childhood he dreamt of being a vet, that was until he learnt just how hard it was to become one and he didn’t think that he had the brainpower to get that high of a final average. Which brought him to settle for business, leaving him with more options in the long run, his love for dogs staying as a side job.


He really didn’t enjoy university, but he was in too far in to quit now and had nothing going for him, no skills or talents that would benefit him in the real world. He didn’t have friends either, well there was one boy, Kim Taehyung, who was stupid enough to get hit by Jeongguk’s bike a few weeks ago and automatically assumed that it made them best friends. He was a little older than Jeongguk and was a small framed, lilac haired art major, bright eyed and bushy tailed to be in university. Every time the younger stepped foot on campus he’d be greeted by the high-pitched yell of Taehyung as he ran over to him, it was kind of scary how he was able to always find him. He knew that’d he’d warm up to the other in time, maybe he’d make university more bearable. 

 

Jeongguk’s brain and body, was numb and heavy as he trudged into his apartment building, physically exhausted from being forced to cover an extra shift at the coffeeshop after one of the other employees decided that not showing up with no warning was a great idea. The stale smell of cigarette smoke filled his nose as he exited the elevator onto his floor, honestly how many packs a day did his neighbour smoke in order for the walls to constantly reak of toxic chemicals? He wondered if he could get lung cancer from the amount of second hand smoke he inhales everyday. 


He had lived in his apartment now for two years and within that time had barely ever seen the man who lived next door to him. They had shared brief discussions across their balconies when Jeongguk was new and trying to be friendly, but his neighbour didn’t seem very social, ending the conversation once he ran out of cigarettes. He only looked a few years older, his skin covered in ink and piercings stabbed into various parts of his skin - Jeongguk found him intriguing and very hot. He didn’t want to admit he was practically drooling over his neighbour that he saw once in a blue moon, but that was exactly what was happening. He was sex deprived and hormonal, the only other attractive person in his life was Taehyung, but there was no way he was going there. And yes, 

maybe

 Jeongguk had awoken from too many dirty dreams about his neighbour he didn’t even know the name of, achingly hard - 

shit happens

. 


His backpack felt like it weighed 100 pounds and the hallway seemed like it was never ending, it was late and he just wanted to collapse onto his bed and sleep for a few weeks. Jeongguk lived in a shit hole to put it nicely, but the rent was cheap and that’s all he cared about. He was probably the youngest tenant in the building, most being alcoholics that would stumble around like zombies until they sobered up enough to unlock their doors. In retrospect, he and the other people in the complex had more in common than he thought. Who knows, maybe they started like him, the years just taking their toll. His body stiffened as he turned the corner to see his neighbour hunched over against his door, struggling to open it. He kept his head down as he rushed over to his own door, not wanting to look at the older male for too long and be caught staring, digging through his bag to find his keys. Just as he plucked his keys out of his backpack he stole another glance at the man a few metres away, his eyes widening as he noticed his knuckles were grazed and bloody as he fumbled with his keys in the lock, his black hair flopped down in front of his eyes only showing his busted lip. The younger froze as the other looked up at him, exposing other injuries across his face, a dark bruise around his nose and a cut on his eyebrow that was oozing blood down the side of his face. Had be been in a fight? Just as Jeongguk tried to think of what had possibly happened to his neighbour and if he should do something about it, he noticed his knees buckle and his body start to flop. Jeongguk didn’t think he’d ever moved that fast in his whole life as he sprinted over to the other and caught him before he could fall onto the old, crunchy carpet.


“Let’s get you inside.” he mumbled, putting his arm around him to keep him up, the older’s body going weak. He had made it as far as getting the keys into the lock, which made Jeongguk’s job of getting him inside easier, kicking the door shut behind him. A wave of relief rushed over him as he noticed that this apartment had the exact same layout structurally as his own, the furniture just arranged differently. His body seemed to take control as he carried the shorter male into his bathroom, placing him down on the edge of the bath


“Do you have a first aid kit or something?”


“Under the sink.” he muttered, spitting a mix of blood and saliva into the bathtub and then wiping his mouth with the back of hand. Jeongguk actually had no idea what he was doing, having no training in patching someone up, but he doubted that the older would either. A sudden surge of adrenaline ran through him, pushing himself in between the other’s thighs and tilting his head up to examine his face. He looked like hell and smelt like strong liquor and cigarettes. This was the first time he’d looked at the man up close and 

oh boy

 was Jeongguk trying to suppress a boner because the man in front of him was a 

god

. It didn’t cross his mind that he was standing in between the thighs of a complete stranger, in his apartment.


“Are you going to tell me what happened or am I going to have to guess?” 


“Is it really that hard to guess kid?” Jeongguk scoffed, letting go of his face and starting to rummage through the first aid kit, hoping that slapping a few bandaids on would do the trick. As silence fell between them again, Jeongguk took the opportunity to start cleaning off the blood that was starting to dry on his face with a damp cloth, the older wincing when he got too close to the wounds, “You know, I never got your name.”


“Jeon Jeongguk.” 


“Min Yoongi.” Jeongguk bit his lip as he continued cleaning up the man, whose name he now finally knew, and what a name it was. He was almost embarrassed at how whipped he was already. He wonder who would want to blemish this masterpiece of a person. His eyes wondered down and scanned over the tattoos that covered Yoongi, each one so intricate and breathtaking. From the outside he was flawless, Jeongguk just wanting to crack through his hard exterior and learn more about him.

 

Jeongguk stood back and admired his work, he didn’t too bad at cleaning him up and he had stopped the bleeding from his eyebrow and knuckles with small bandaids he found in the kit. His bottom lip had swollen, giving him a pout that the younger just wanted to kiss. The bruising around his nose had darkened but it didn’t look broken. 


“How do you feel?”


“Like shit.” Jeongguk watched as he lifted up his shirt, his inked skin covered in deep bruises, he must’ve been kicked while down on the floor, “But you should see the other guy.” his chuckle was gravelly and hoarse as he dropped his shirt back down, seemingly unfazed by his battered body. It must be a common thing for him to get in fights like this, probably too drunk to feel pain. Jeongguk worried about how sore he’d be tomorrow, it wouldn’t be surprising if he had a few ribs broken. He knew that he staring, his eyes couldn’t couldn’t look away from Yoongi’s shirt that kept slipping lower and lower, tattoos peaking out from behind his collar, he wondered just how many pieces he had hidden underneath his clothes. 


“I-I should get going, I have a paper to write.” he wasn’t sure how long he was staring, so many naughty thoughts wrapping around his mind, “You should put some ice on your nose, I heard it helps.” if anyone asked, Jeongguk would say he strutted out of the apartment, picking his bag up with a shameless wink, maybe giving the older a cheeky show of his ass and thighs (what he saw as his best assets). When in reality he ran out of there, tripping over his bag, almost face planting into the wood floor and was back in his apartment in a flash. He also wouldn’t admit how he jacked himself off in the shower, imagining how he would rip the clothes off Yoongi’s inked skin, how Yoongi would throw him down onto the mattress and fuck him until he’s seeing stars and can’t walk the next day. There was no delicate and romantic way to put it, it was downright filthy (maybe bordering on creepy). 


He knew that he should feel somewhat ashamed of himself, masturbating over his neighbour who he barely knew, but the sight of him just made his cock spring to life, his brain just a mantra of lewd thoughts. This was his dirty little secret and it gave him a thrill.





“You look like shit.” Taehyung laughed, placing Jeongguk’s much need coffee down in front of him, “Busy night?”


“You can say that again.” by the time Jeongguk got back into his apartment and finished his 

steamy

 shower, it was way past midnight and in his clearer state of mind remembered that he did in fact have a paper to write. So when Taehyung offered to buy him a coffee this morning he was more than happy to accept, needing something to get him through a day, his measly two hour power nap before dawn only being enough to keep his eyes open so that he didn't fall asleep again. He played his lack of sleep off to Taehyung as one of those procrastinated assessments you leave until last minute - even if the paper in question was actually due at the end of the week, it wasn’t a 

complete

 lie. Their difference in majors benefiting him. Jeongguk winced as he downed a mouthful of his coffee, it burning the inside of his mouth and throat. He sighed, the day already getting off to a bad start, but at least it numbed his mouth enough to finish the drink while it was still hot as he listened to Taehyung ramble on about a hundred things at once, usually being able to keep up with the elder, not so much when all his senses were lagging, seeming to have a minute delay between them and his brain actually registering that something happened and he needed to respond. He only caught a brief mention about Taehyung’s roommate who was a culinary major who spouted off too many dad jokes for his age and what the ‘word of the day’ was thanks to the dictionary app he had on his phone. 


Thanks to Taehyung, the only thing on Jeongguk’s mind all day was the word ‘shillelagh’, which was a wooden club ending with a large knob, unable to concentrate on anything else. He made a big mistake when looking up images of it during one of his lectures, the thing looking like some kind of bdsm sex toy - he had never closed a tab so fast in his life and if anyone around him happened to see the search results, they now thought he was into some nasty shit (he kind of was, but didn't want everyone else to know that)

 

The end of the day couldn't of come any slower for Jeongguk, seconds felt like hours as he sat through sleep inducing lectures and a never ending shift at the coffee shop, in which he managed to drop and smash three cups, spilling boiling liquid all over his hands in the process. He let his bag drag against the crusty carpet behind him, sounding like sandpaper when rubbed against each other as he walked to his apartment, it feeling like the world around him was in slow motion. As much as he hated the idea and side effects of smoking, the smoke that seemed to float through the halls never failed to give him a kick. Almost like he was becoming addicted to it. Part of him wished that when he turned the corner he’d see Yoongi standing there again, looking as enticing as always. He did let out a small sigh of relief when he didn’t find the elder struggling to get into his room, glad that he would get tonight to catch up on the sleep he missed last night.





It had been a few weeks since Jeongguk had patched up Yoongi in his bathroom, and to be honest, he was having withdrawals. It sounded bad, but he wanted the elder to get into another fight so that he could swoop in and save the day again. He knew that he could more than likely look after himself, seeing as how unfazed he was by his battered state, but it stroked Jeongguk’s ego and his obsession for the male. The workload of university did manage to distract him, along with Taehyung who could distract you from anything and everything. Jeongguk did wonder if he was that much of a distraction to himself and if so how he managed to get any work done.


Jeongguk let out a quiet content hum as he wrapped his blanket around his tighter and snuggled into the couch. He had finally got all his current assessments out of the way and finally had a night to relax. The thought of going to sleep early and finally catching up on some hours he had lost due to all nighters did cross his mind, however he didn’t want to waste the night away and was too comfy on his couch to move to his bed anyway. A knock at the door caused him to jump, at first thinking that he was just hearing things. He checked the time on his phone as he heard the knocking again, it was past 12am and he was a little scared to see who was behind the door at this time. Once or twice he had been woken up by knocks at the door just to find a drunken middle aged man behind it, looking surprised and mumbling that this wasn’t their apartment. By the time the person knocked a third time Jeongguk decided to get up and answer it, otherwise they would be knocking all night. Jeongguk’s heart stopped as he opened the door, not believing his eyes,


“...Hi.” Yoongi half-smiled at him, scratching the back of his neck awkwardly,


“Um hey?” Jeongguk didn’t mean for it to come out as a question, he was just surprised to find him at his door at this hour.


“I’m sorry, did I wake you?” 


Jeongguk shook his head, flattening down his hair that had become messy from having a blanket draped over his head for the past few hours, “Just chilling. What’s up?”


“I just wanted to say thanks for helping me out the other night, you didn’t have to. I really owe you” Jeongguk felt his cheeks burn, wondering if he actually had fallen asleep on his couch and this was the beginning of another dirty Yoongi dream (more than likely induced by all the low-budget porn he used to watch), “I also wanted to ask if maybe you had a bag of frozen something, I kind of-” he trailed off, turning his face to the side in embarrassment and the light hitting it, showing off a fist sized bruise forming on his face and another split lip.


“Fuck Yoongi.” Jeongguk gasped, grabbing a hold of his shirt sleeve and dragging him into his apartment, “Sit down on the couch over there.”


In all honestly, 

yes

 Jeongguk had gone out and purchased a small first aid kit after the first encounter and 

yes

 he spent he spent a good few hours googling how to properly clean up wounds too. He swallowed the lump in his throat as he sat down on the coffee table in front of Yoongi, suddenly losing all his confidence. He cautiously took Yoongi’s face and took a closer look at the damage he had done this time. Even though it wasn’t as bad as last time it was still a good beating. Jeongguk shifted his position slightly, already feeling a semi press against his underwear, was he honestly getting turned on by seeing a beat-up Yoongi? Kind of glad that he didn’t change out of his jeans into some sweatpants earlier.


“I was going to have a nice quiet night of reading, but I guess I’ll be patching up your broken jaw instead.” Jeongguk chuckled, letting go of his face and leaning back. (By reading he meant Twitter and occasionally G-Dragon fanfiction, but that was irrelevant).


“I can tell you now that it's not broken, it’s just bruised.” Jeongguk smiled, enjoying hearing him talk a little more this time. His accent thick and very him.


He passed him a bag of frozen peas to put against his cheek, beginning to clean up his lip carefully “If you don’t mind me asking, what in the world are you doing in order to get beat up so often?” 


“A mix.” he shrugged “People who can’t hold their liquor and people who need to get their heads out of their own asses.”


“About your tattoos?” he asked without even thinking, focusing on making sure he didn’t hurt Yoongi. Jeongguk knew that Korean society was slowly opening their mind about tattoos and tattoo artists, nevertheless there’d always be people, typically elders, who find it dirty and still relate tattoos to being in a gang. He thought tattoos were a beautiful expression of emotion and deep meaning through permanent art. 


An uneasy half-smile found its way on to Yoongi’s face at the youngers question, “Yeah, a lot of it is stigma around my tattoos. It doesn’t bother me as much anymore but some people just take it too far and need to be put back into their place” Jeongguk found it funny how Yoongi could look so cute and intimidating at the same time.


Without thinking he spoke - more to himself than Yoongi “Well I think your tattoos are beautiful”, in which Yoongi replied with a soft “Thank you”.


Jeongguk’s heart swelled a little at how the elder began to open up to him, little by little. 

 

Yoongi didn’t stay much longer, saying that he had an early start in the morning and that Jeongguk needed some sleep to. He thanked him again, placing the half-defrosted bag of peas on the table, giving the brunette a light tap on the shoulder as he passed him. Jeongguk stayed frozen, staring at the closed door of his apartment, his heart thrumming in his ears and his skin burning where Yoongi had touched. His night finished with what now seemed like a routinely icey shower and taking care of the uncomfortable hardness between his legs. The image of a certain someone burnt into his brain. A picture that was becoming clearer after each one of their meetings, having longer to stare at each part of his soft face. Like a jigsaw puzzle finally coming together to reveal the bigger, overall image. 

 

Once again it had been a few weeks since Jeongguk had seen Yoongi, only once seeing each other in passing while Jeongguk was getting his mail and Yoongi was leaving the building. The bruise on his face had faded a lot and was predominantly green - which Jeongguk had learnt meant it was almost healed - and his lip was no longer swollen, a small scab barely visible. They had exchanged small smiles, nothing more than your usual friendly neighbourly gesture. It was almost funny how they lived next to each other, literally sharing the same walls, yet rarely saw each other. The longer they spent apart the more questions came to the younger's mind that he wanted answered, like did Yoongi have a job, and if he did what was he? Was he more of a tea or coffee person? How many tattoos did he actually have? Meat or fish? The list could go on and on. Jeongguk just wanted to get to know him. He could push his burning crush aside if the two being friends was an option. He always had his naughty nightly showers and over active imagination, that seemed to shift into overdrive in his sleep. Which only bothered him sometimes when he woke up in the morning feeling wet and sticky like a teenager just going through puberty. 

 

He didn’t know what came over him and how he found himself stopping outside Yoongi’s apartment instead of his own after a full day of lectures and he had already knocked on the door before even realising. He glanced towards his door, only a metre or two away, he could make a run for it and Yoongi would never know it was him. His brain was mapping out 101 different escape plans, not actually putting any into action as his feet stayed planted on the carpet. His brain coming to a screeching halt when the door opened, revealing Yoongi behind it, leaning against the door frame.


“Ah, Jeongguk.” the sound of Yoongi’s voice caused all the knots and tightness to release from Jeongguk’s body, “What brings you here?”


“I-I, ah, um…” Jeongguk’s mouth opened and closed a few times, his brain was fried and he didn’t actually have a real reason to be there. Yoongi looked especially good tonight; his hair was wavy and slightly messy, dressed casually in a plain black shirt and blue jeans. Jeongguk’s mouth went dry as he noticed the garter around Yoongi’s right thigh, hugging the muscles tightly. 


Jeongguk managed to pull his focus away from the thin piece of material, knowing that if he stared any longer it’d get weird and he’d probably need to run home with 

that

 uncomfortable feeling and a polluted mind. “I just wanted to see how you were feeling, make sure that you haven’t been picking more fights.”


Yoongi chuckled, “No, no more fights, been too busy with work.” he looked down at his wrist, checking the time, “Which I need to get ready for. Want to come in?” Jeongguk didn’t want to be a nuisance but nodded anyway, enjoying the elder’s presence too much to refuse. 


He followed Yoongi through his apartment into his bedroom, telling him to make himself comfortable while he finished getting ready in the adjoining bathroom. In their brief conversation Jeongguk learnt that Yoongi was a tattoo artist at a parlor downtown that he owned with his long time friend Hoseok. The answer didn’t surprise him, that’s what he had guessed, but he knew not to judge a book by its cover and decided to give him the benefit of the doubt. It was mesmerizing to listen to Yoongi ramble on about his profession and art, easily getting lost in his words. Jeongguk wished he was that passionate about something. The words coming out of Yoongi’s mouth soon fell on deaf ears as Jeongguk’s attention shifted to the way Yoongi’s lips formed a pout as he spoke, his lips such a pretty baby pink. 


“Enough about me,” Yoongi added, sitting down beside Jeongguk on the bed and tugging on a pair of socks, “What are you studying?”


“Business.” he was glad that his brain was still focused enough to keep the conversation semi-going, “But I should let you get to work!” Jeongguk felt that he needed to get out of the apartment before he did something stupid, his brain was failing more and more on him by the minute. Jeongguk jumped up, his backpack still on his back as he stood in front of Yoongi. 


He doesn’t know what came over him, but before he knew it he was leaning forward, bracing himself on Yoongi’s thighs - earning him a very confused look from the elder, and pressing his lips to Yoongi’s. The kiss only lasted a few seconds before Jeongguk flinched backwards covering his mouth, finally hitting him what he had just done.


“Fuck.” he muttered, “Fuck, fuck, 

fuck

!” he repeated as he stumbled backwards, “I’m so sorry” he added before sprinting full speed out of the apartment. He had never unlocked his door so fast in his life, closing and locking the door behind himself before slamming himself against it and sliding down to the floor, letting his head fall into his hands. A mantra of ‘fuck’’s kept falling from his lips, unable to find any other word that matched how he felt. How could he be so 

fucking

 stupid? He could never show his face outside his apartment again. There was no way of coming back from this. He was doomed.

 

“You kissed your neighbour?” Taehyung yelled out before bursting into laughter. The whole coffeeshop now up to date with their conversation. Jeongguk already regretted telling him but he just wouldn’t shut up about how Jeongguk looked bummed out. He hoped that maybe Taehyung’s few extra years of life would provide him with some comforting advice, maybe cheer him up with a stupid joke or tell him the word of the day. Instead opting on just teasing him.


Jeongguk sank down in his seat and pouted, muttering a quiet “Yes.”


“And then ran out of his apartment?”


“Yes.”


“

And

 you haven’t spoken to him since?”


“For fucks sake Tae, that’s what I just told you. I don’t need you repeating it back to me. You make it sound so much worse.” Taehyung looked back down at his phone before starting to snicker, quietly adding,


“I think you took 

‘love thy neighbour’

 a little too literally”


“Oh my 

god

 shut up.” 





Jeongguk had stopped keeping track of how long it had been since he last saw Yoongi, more than happy to never see him again. Embarrassed didn’t even cover how he was feeling, his whole body shuddered at the memory. There was a glint of another feeling at the memory though. Even without giving the elder a chance to kiss back, the feeling of his lips against his own sent electric surging through his veins. It was more than his imagination could’ve ever mustered. The thought of his neighbour still cause an instinctual reaction between his legs, however now choosing to suppress it, too scared to act upon his wants seeing as that didn’t quite work in his favour the last time. He just wanted to forget that the whole thing happened. Albeit, when had things ever go well for Jeongguk? 

 

Jeongguk’s heart dropped when it came home one night to find a post-it note stuck to his door, a short message scribbled on it.



‘I finish work at 9. Please come over, I want to talk. - Yoongi’



Jeongguk’s mission to avoid the man seemed to shatter then and there. He knew the right thing to do would to politely decline the offer, perhaps making the excuse of having too much school work to do, y’know because deadlines and stuff. Instead he dug around in his bag for a pen, writing a reply accepting his offer and sticking it on Yoongi’s door.

 

He had a few hours to kill and time seemed to pass by so slowly, he wanted to get it over and done with. He knew that he’d have to explain why he kissed him out of the blue and then proceeded to run away, not having a reason besides that he was so fucking 

whipped

. He couldn’t tell him that he’s been practically drooling over him for two years, wanking over him in the shower and having wet dreams like a pubescent teenager. That was guaranteed to mortify the elder. You can’t tell people that.


Jeongguk was fixing his appearance in the mirror for what was probably the twentieth when he heard Yoongi come home and close his front door behind him. He had read the note now, no turning back. He sighed deeply, giving himself one last look over before heading next door. His body shaking like a leaf as he knocked on the door, bouncing nervously on the balls of his feet. The beating of his heart was so loud that he almost missed a voice from behind the door telling him that it was unlocked and to come in. His heart was beating non-stop and he felt like he was on the verge of passing out as he closed the door behind him, his eyes meeting Yoongi’s.


“You came.” he smiled, jumping off the couch and meeting the younger halfway,


“You asked me to.” he was going to hit himself. He was too awkward for his own good and it was embarrassing to say the least. Yoongi shrugged, Jeongguk wasn’t wrong.


“I wanted to talk about the other week, y’know, when-”


“I kissed you.” Jeongguk didn’t see a reason to ignore the elephant in the room.


“Yeah that.” the current situation was driving Jeongguk insane, he just wanted the lunge forward and kiss him again. A mix of the dim lighting in the apartment that seemed to hit Yoongi just right and the faint scent of coffee and his cologne filling his senses as Yoongi stepped closer were intoxicating. Each step Yoongi took forward Jeongguk took one backwards until his back collided with the wall with a thud. The elder eyed him off like a predator eyeing off their prey, a shiver running down his spine from dark look in his eyes. 


“Look I’m sorry!” Jeongguk stuttered, considering opening the door and running away again. Hiding in his apartment for the rest of his life didn’t seem 

so

 bad. He could finish his course online. “I-I don’t know how to explain but, but-”


“You think I don’t notice the way you fidget uncomfortably around me? You’re not so little problem between your thighs.” Jeongguk’s jaw fell open, he was speechless. His knees going weak at the sight of the smirk on the others lips. He knew he was asked a question but no words came out to reply. A loud whine escaped the back of his throat as he felt Yoongi push his own thigh in between Jeongguk’s, pressing it against the area in question - already hardening against the touch. 


Yoongi took the youngers silence as an invitation to continue, “Or your nightly 

steamy

 showers? These walls are very thin.” Jeongguk’s skin was scorching, a crimson hue covering his face. Yoongi’s hands moved down to the younger's hips, feeling him start to cautiously rut against his thigh, helping guide his small movements. His movements sped up as Yoongi’s lips came into contact with his neck, pressing wet kisses against his skin,


“I hear you moaning my name as you touch yourself. Coming how many times? 2? 

3

?” his teeth nipping at the sensitive skin. 


Jeongguk hadn’t touched himself in god knows how long, so much frustration building in his body, coiling tightly. He was so sensitive, on edge already from the light touches. He was scared that he wouldn’t last much longer. Coming in his pants so early was something he’d never live down.


“H-hyung.” his shaky voice earnt the attention of the elder. Snaking his arms around Yoongi’s shoulders, slamming their lips together with a bruising force. If he thought the first ‘kiss’ was breathtaking, then this kiss was going to leave him dead. Jeongguk tilted his slightly, finding the right angle that allowed their lips to mesh together perfectly. He felt Yoongi lightly bite at his bottom lip, asking for entrance, which the younger allowed and parted his lips slightly, feeling Yoongi’s tongue push its way into his mouth. Jeongguk was delirious as the kiss got deeper and deeper, his hips still rutting against Yoongi’s thigh without even thinking. 


Yoongi pulled away, panting lightly against the brunette’s kiss swollen lips, “Tell me Jeongguk,” he started, slowly moving closer to his ear and whispering, “What do you fantasise about when you think about me while you touch yourself?” tugging on the jewellery in his earlobes.


“I…” Jeongguk hiccuped, Yoongi tugging his hips down, adding more friction and pressure between the two of them. His head fell onto Yoongi’s shoulder, trying to recompose himself before he attempted to speak again. “I think about you, um…”


“Speak up Jeongguk.” Yoongi commanded, giving his hips a rough squeeze.


“I think about you fucking me so hard, that I,” he paused, licking his lips and sighing deeply, “That I can’t walk the next day. You holding me down so hard that my s-skin littered in bruises.” 


Jeongguk heard a low 

‘fuck’ 

rumble in Yoongi’s chest, making him whimper in response.

 

Yoongi slipped his thigh out from in between Jeongguk’s, grabbing his wrist and pulling him behind him as he made a beeline to his bedroom. Yoongi gave him a little push until Jeongguk’s calves bumped the end of the bed, standing back and staring at him, mumbling more profanities under his breath. Jeongguk was about to beg Yoongi to touch him again but was stopped by him closing the gap between them and slamming his lips against him again. Yoongi wasted no time and began practically ripping Jeongguk’s clothes off of him, throwing them to the floor without a care - he’d have to search for each article later. With shaky hands Jeongguk tried to mirror the elders movements, reaching up to tug his black jean jacket off,


“Don’t worry, I’ve got this.” clearly noticing his struggling, Yoongi moved back, pulling his jacket and shirt off, dropping it down by his feet. Jeongguk felt his breath hitch in his throat as he gawked over the ink that covered Yoongi’s torso and arms, finally getting time to stare at them. The deep black of the ink contrasted against Yoongi’s milky skin perfectly, the small additions of reds and greens complementing the bold lines. His tattoos were very him and Jeongguk couldn’t imagine him with any other style of tattoos. 


“You’re staring.” he chuckled, moving back to mouth at Jeongguk’s neck and now exposed collarbones, “Not that I mind, it’s quite flattering. But maybe I could give a little show and tell another time?” Jeongguk whimpered in response as Yoongi sucked harshly on his skin, wiping his tongue over it to soothe it. 

 

With another small shove Jeongguk fell backwards onto the mattress, gasping as the wind was slightly knocked out of him. He spread his legs, creating more room for Yoongi to crawl in between them, his hands flying to his jeans straight away. He made quick work of them, tugging both them and his underwear off in one go, chucking them off the end of the bed. Jeongguk hissed as his cock slapped against his stomach, the cold air hitting his flushed skin. Yoongi wrapped his hand around his erect cock, stroking it a few times, smearing precum across the tip and pressing his thumb into the slit. Loud moans slipping from his lips.


“So responsive.” 


Jeongguk let out a high pitched whale as licked up his length, balls to tip, slowly, his tongue flat against the underside of his cock. He wasn’t prepared when suddenly he felt Yoongi engulf his tip, swirling his tongue over the tip a few times. Jeongguk weaved his fingers into Yoongi’s hair, balling his fists full of his raven locks. His grip only tightened as Yoongi sank lower, his hips bucking up instinctively into Yoongi’s mouth.


Yoongi slid Jeongguk out of his mouth with a smirk, “Excited are we?” he licked over his tip once more and tightened his grip, making sure he was kept still against the bed, “Patience babe.” 


He smirked once more before sinking down on his cock again, hollowing his cheeks and starting to bob his head in a steady rhythm. The slurping sounds that echoed around the room were so dirty and lewd, the smell of sex starting to fill the air.


Jeongguk his whole body tingle as he felt heat pool in his stomach sooner than he had expected, his lack of self-pleasure clearly affecting his body. The bruising pressure of Yoongi’s hands around his waist only adding to the overall sensation. He was torn between letting himself go right now, cumming just from Yoongi’s mouth, but he didn’t want it to be over so soon.


“Yoongi stop I’m going to cum!” he shrieked, deciding on the second option of the Sophie’s choice he had conjured up. Obeying his request, Yoongi pulled off with a wet pop that sent a shiver up Jeongguk’s spine. He watched with hooded lids as the elder wiped the precome and saliva from his chin with back of his hand, his lips a deep red and slightly swollen, extenuating his natural pout that Jeongguk loved. 


“Any other fantasies you want to live out?” he didn’t think it was possible but Yoongi’s voice was now deeper and gravelly, he could probably cum from Yoongi just talking dirty to him in that voice.


Jeongguk shifted his weight onto his elbows, getting a better view of Yoongi, “I want to ride you.”


“Such a dirty boy.” Yoongi tutted, smirking devilishly, “I love it.”


Yoongi jumped from the bed and made his way to his bedside table, fishing out a bottle of lube and chucking it onto the bed, “You clean?” he asked, holding up a condom wrapper. It surprised Jeongguk how much trust the elder had trust in strangers, hell, Jeongguk was still basically a stranger to him and yet here they were, about to fuck.


“Yeah,” he gulped, still in shock that this was about to happen to him, “I was tested last month.” Yoongi gave him a quick nod, dropping the condom back into the drawer before pushing it shut and crawling back onto the bed.


“Get on all fours.” Jeongguk did as he was told, his own limbs getting tangled together in the process. He knew Yoongi was a few years older than him, but he still wondered how he managed to be so skilled and look so sexy while fucking, Jeongguk being the most ungraceful and clumsy creature. The amount of times he slipped and fell in shower while touching himself was past being able to be counted on one hand, he even once managed to punch himself in the nose while jacking himself off - which really fucking hurt. “You ready?” Jeongguk nodded rapidly, beyond ready. 


All the times he had fingered himself could not compare to how good just one of Yoongi’s fingers felt as he pushed it past the tight ring of muscle, unable to hold back his moan. He made careful work of slowly moving it in and out, letting the brunette adjust to the foreign feeling - it took a while to get used to. 


“Another please.” Yoongi scoffed, amazed at how eager the younger was, however obliged and gently eased a second finger in. Jeongguk dropped down onto his forearms, the new angle feeling so right and when Yoongi hooked his fingers and scissored them, hitting 

the spot

, he yelped. Yoongi was good. A familiar feeling began building low in Jeongguk, pushing him further to the edge as he fucked himself back onto Yoongi’s fingers. “I’m ready!” 


“I’m only up to two fingers Jeongguk, relax-”


“I said I’m ready.” he huffed, sounding like a brat, “The tighter the better.” he turned around to see Yoongi, noticing the very concerned look on his face - which did warm his heart a tad, “Yoongi, I’m okay I promise, please trust me.”


“Okay, just tell me if it’s too much yeah?”


“Of course.” with an uneasy look Yoongi removed his fingers, Jeongguk sighing at the emptiness. Without another word the two repositioned themselves into the position requested by Jeongguk, Yoongi propping himself against the pillows and headboard and Jeongguk pushing his way between his legs.


Yoongi gestured down to his legs, which were still covered by his ripped jeans, telling Jeongguk to take them off without even saying a word. Jeongguk beamed as he undid the fly and wrestled the tight jeans down his legs, copying what Yoongi had done to him earlier and dropped them to the floor. However, when Jeongguk’s eyes met Yoongi’s erect cock, his jaw fell open. He couldn’t believe his eyes. 


“I-is that a…” he couldn’t finish his sentence, luckily Yoongi caught on and finished it for him, saving himself the embarrassment.


“A piercing in my cock? Yes.” his question was answered and it was exactly what he was thinking. At first he thought that maybe it was a bead of precum that had rolled down the tip and was catching the light, but a piercing? He couldn’t believe how fucking hot that was. He was literally on the verge of drooling over it. 

Fucking Min Yoongi

. “Seeing as you’re so interested, it’s called a frenum piercing and takes between 2-5 weeks to heal. As a licensed piercer, I can give you one.” Jeongguk’s head shot up, his eyes wide as his cheeks burned feverishly, making Yoongi chuckle, “I’ve had your cock in my mouth. I think piercing it isn't much of a step up. If a frenum piercing isn’t your thing, there’s always ones like the pubic piercing or maybe if you’re feeling naughty there’s the Ampallang piercing.”


He whined, needing to shut him up otherwise he’d go on all day. He shimmied up and hovered himself over Yoongi’s cock, quickly lubing it up before lining himself up. Yoongi grabbed onto his hips tightly, ready to assist him down. With a deep breath Jeongguk started to lower himself, feeling Yoongi’s cock slowly pass through his hole, the burn due to not enough prepping was intense, but Jeongguk loved it. With the pleasure being too much, he let himself drop down fully and bottoming out, a loud moan erupting from his chest,


“Fuck, fuck 

fuck

. 

Yes

 Yoongi!” his head fell onto Yoongi’s shoulder, panting heavily and tears pricking in the corners of his eyes.


“Shit Jeongguk you’re filthy.” Yoongi gasped, Jeongguk so tight and warm around him, “You’re going to be the death of me, I swear to god.”


“Mmhm?” he responded, circling his hips and biting down on Yoongi’s shoulder to muffle his moans as he increased his movements - even though still not completely adjusted to the size difference of two fingers compared to Yoongi’s cock. It was girthy and filled Jeongguk in a way he’d never been filled before. 


Once he was finally adjusted, he began to slowly move up and down. The light scrape of Yoongi’s piercing against his walls was insanely good, causing sparks to run down his spine as he bounced. When Yoongi had noticed that the brunette had a steady pace going, he began to buck his hips upwards in time, skin slapping loudly. He was now hitting his prostate dead on with each thrust.


“Yes, Yoongi. Just like that, don’t stop!” 


Jeongguk knew that putting off his orgasm for so long and the pure pleasure he was feeling now wasn’t going to let him last much longer. He latched onto Yoongi’s hair and tugged roughly, loving the sound that bubbled from the elder each time he did.


“Yoongi, I’m going to fucking- I’m gonna-”


“Come for me babe, you can do it.” the heavy breathing and deep voice of Yoongi sent him toppling over the edge, cumming hard and spilling over both their bodies. “Good boy.” he added as he continued to fuck Jeongguk through his high, still hitting the bundle of nerves deep inside of him. 


Jeongguk’s head fell and rested his forehead against Yoongi’s,


“Are you close?” his voice was airy, still not having caught his breath yet.


“So close.” Jeongguk smiled softly, tangling his fingers in the others hair and reconnecting their lips. It only took a few tugs of his hair for Yoongi to finally cum, his thighs twitching as he filled Jeongguk, his moans being swallowed by the younger. Jeongguk continued to slowly swivel his hips, milking Yoongi’s orgasm, beginning to become over sensitive. Yoongi’s hands around Jeongguk’s waist tightened, signalling that it was all becoming too much. His mouth started to work down Jeongguk’s throat and torso, leaving bruises against his hot skin, his skin tasting salty against his tongue. 

 

The two gradually removed themselves from each other, Yoongi cleaning up Jeongguk with a damp towel. Jeongguk didn’t really take the elder as the after-care type - it was a pleasant surprise. 


“Can I stay here the night?” Jeongguk mumbled, snuggling into Yoongi’s sheets as he came back into the room, “I mean, I can’t really feel my legs and I um…”


“Seeing as I am responsible for that, I guess you can stay.” Jeongguk smiled, his heart thrumming as Yoongi climbed into bed next to him, his arm snaking around the younger’s broad shoulders. He could sense that he wasn’t much of a cuddler, but the simple contact alone was more than enough. 





Jeongguk woke up the next morning to an empty bed, taking him a few minutes to work out that he wasn’t in his own bed, or apartment for that matter, nor was he wearing any clothes, a cold chill rippling across his body. He sheepishly searched the room for his clothes, quickly jumping into his underwear and jeans, unable to find anything to cover his upper body. He sighed and headed out towards the kitchen where the faint scent of coffee was coming from, his stomach flipped as his eyes landed on Yoongi. He watched as he meticulously dragged the pencil against the paper of his sketchpad, his eyebrows furrowed and body hunched over the kitchen counter - completely in his own world.


“You have a habit of staring.” Jeongguk flinched at the unexpected sound of Yoongi’s voice, smacking his elbow against the doorframe. The bang was loud enough to cause Yoongi to look up, a smirk on his face and slowly eyeing the younger off, taking in the gorgeous sight that was in front of him. “Now 

this

 is a great start to the morning.”


A dark blush dusted Jeongguk’s cheeks, rubbing his aching elbow, “I couldn’t find my shirt…”


“Maybe you should lose your shirt more often.” he smirked, taking a sip of his coffee and focusing on the mottled body, “I hope last night lived up to your fantasies.” 


“It did. Over and above anything my mind could conjure up.”


“I’m glad to hear that. I’d be more than happy to help you try out anymore of those naughty shower thoughts of yours.” Yoongi got up, making his way over to Jeongguk and leaning forward to whisper in his ear, “Why have your imagination and your hand when you can have the real thing?” the comment make Jeongguk audibly gulp, his jaw falling slack as he watched the elder saunter back to his stool,


“Want some coffee?”



Fuck

 Jeongguk was whipped.




Afterword


End Notes
this turned out longer than i expected, but i was enjoying it.
hmu on twitter @minyoongmeme


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



