



Coin Laundry - seesawlt - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Coin Laundry
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/17691659.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Park Jimin
Character:
Park Jimin (BTS), Jeon Jungkook
Additional Tags:
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot, Barebacking, Lace Panties, Mild Feminization, Explicit Sexual Content, Bottom Jeon Jungkook, Top Park Jimin (BTS), Overstimulation, lots of lube, Alternate Universe - College/University, Anal Fingering, Jeongguk likes being pretty, Rimming, Hyung Kink, This is mainly just smut
Stats:

        Published: 2019-02-07
        Words: 5027
      

Coin Laundry
by seesawlt
Summary
[ from: unknown ]Hey, I think we got our clothes switched!Shame on me. I was in hurryName’s Jimin, by the way. For some reasons, it becomes a movie scene all over again. This is a scene where Jeongguk is sitting there among a crowd, clutching onto his phone, while the narrator is reading about his life choices in the background.The clothes belong to Park Jimin. Jeongguk is wearing them.Whose panties is he wearing right now?( aka an au where jikook's laundries got switched )
Notes
Do tell me if I missed a tag! They're mainly just sexual tags though, since it's just porn.

          See the end of the work for more notes




Coin Laundry

 For some, college is all about having fun. Parties every other day, getting shitfaced, hook-ups for stress reliever. For others, college is full of studying, a level up from the stressful high school, as if they have nothing better in mind to waste their youth. For Jeongguk, the broke college student aesthetic is the most suitable one. So overrated yet so true.The package includes cheap beer that won’t get you drunk, instant ramyun for lunch every day on the last week of the month, and going to the coin laundry at midnight just to avoid a long line.It’s bearable, until he has to carry his laundry bag all the way to the coin laundry store on the corner of the street, almost collapsing face first into the pavement because he hasn’t gotten a blink of sleep the previous night. He would’ve done this tomorrow, if only he didn’t run out of a clean pair of underwear and at risk of going commando to classes. Which is a big no.Another thing he dislikes from this college aesthetic is the seniority. Take, for example, how he has to willingly step back from the only available drying machine because of this certain pink-haired senior from the accounting class.“Ah, sorry! I’m in a kinda hurry, but I owe you one, okay?”Park Jimin, that guy, smiles as if he actually feels bad about it. Yet Jeongguk has to watch with a basket full of wet clothes in his arms as the male hums happily while unloading his clothes into the machine.All seniors are the same.Good thing the machine beside it is freed up a moment later. Jeongguk quickly dunks the clothes in, exhaling deeply at the thought of going home in just a few more minutes. The rest of the coins in his sweatpants’ pockets make tinkling sound as he walks towards the bench to sit while he waits.Jimin is nowhere to be seen at this point, only his clothes going in circle inside the drying cycle. It’s only good for Jeongguk because then he doesn’t have to put up a fake smile and be all nice just for the sake of appeasing his senior.College life is especially a hassle in the social hierarchy system.However, shutting his eyes for a few seconds turned out to be the biggest mistake of the night. The moment Jeongguk opens his eyes, he stares at an empty room of the coin laundry store, and then at the clock that points to 3am. Too sleepy to even be surprised about it, he sluggishly gets up to unload his clothes from the only drying machine that is still filled up, pours them into his laundry bag, and drags it home.The rest of the way home goes in what feels like a scene from a movie. It’s almost as though he is not the one living his life. So imagine his surprise on the next morning as he rummages through the laundry bag for a clean pair of briefs, only to discover that there is no clean pair of briefs. Underwear thief? That’s his first thought. But what kind of underwear thief would replace his briefs with a bunch of girl’s underwear?“No way…” he groans, taking each one of the pastel colored panties from the bag to examine them. “No fucking way.”His face grows warmer after taking a look at each one. They are cute, laces and tiny ribbons, fishnets for decoration. He’d love to see them anywhere else other than in a pile on his dorm room’s floor.“Guk, did you shower?” there’s a bang at the door, making him jerk on his spot and quickly shoves the bunch of panties under the pile of clothes just before the wood swings open and taehyung pops his head in. “Class in 10, I’m gonna leave your ass to repeat next semester!”“I can make it in 5!” he shouts back, picking a random set of clothes from the laundry before he dashes off to the bathroom.That’s how he ends up going to class wearing someone else’s hoodie and jeans, uncomfortably shifting on his seat because of the way the lace of the underwear digs into his skin. It turns out that he came home with a load of someone else’s laundry last night, and now he has to pay for that person’s mistake.He just hopes that this girl who owns the clothes won’t kill him for stealing her panties During lunch break, he goes to the coin laundry place, pasting a note with ‘GOT OUR LAUNDRY SWITCHED LAST NIGHT? CALL!” in big fonts, along with his number below the text. The person is surely looking for their laundry too, right? They wouldn’t have settled with Jeongguk’s mainly monochrome choice of outfits, not to mention his unsightly underwears.The thought about underwear reminds him of the one that he is still wearing, which makes his face warm up. Staring at Taehyung from where he is sitting at the cafeteria’s seat, he could only imagine how the male would totally laugh at him and snap a picture for blackmail.“What, you’re giving me a murderous look,” Taehyung said, his cheeks full of the fries he was shoving incessantly into his mouth.“I’m in a big trouble right now and I feel like you’re going to make it worse. I can feel it in my bones.”Taehyung gives him a scandalized look, only to be ignored as his phone buzzes inside his hoodie’s pocket. It’s an unidentified number, which should have said a lot already, but Jeongguk pays no mind to it, until he opens it to the answer of his problem. Hey, I think we got our clothes switched!Shame on me. I was in hurryName’s Jimin, by the way. The speech Taehyung is giving about how they have been best friends for years and how he has taken a gap year just to be in a same class with Jeongguk serves as a background noise. For some reasons, it becomes a movie scene all over again. This is a scene where Jeongguk is sitting there among a crowd, clutching onto his phone, while the narrator is reading about his life choices in the background.The clothes belong to Park Jimin. Jeongguk is wearing them.Whose panties is he wearing right now? Ah, hello. I believe we met last night.It’s Jeon Jeongguk. Not sure if you know, but yeahWhere should I return these clothes? Ooh!I think I’ve seen you around but my brain is the size of a peaCan you come to my place?  Of course.  Jeongguk rolls his eyes. Seniority. Yeah, just send the location.My last class ends at 5 Thank you![address attached] He contemplates replying to the text, considering telling the latter that he is borrowing his clothes. The reminder of wearing the panties makes him quickly puts down his phone. They probably belong to Jimin’s sister, or girlfriend. None of the options makes him feel better.“Hey, Tae. Have you ever heard about Park Jimin?” he finally asks once he has his focus on the latter again, who has given up trying to scold him and now stealing food from his plate instead.“Who hasn’t? I think he’s pretty popular. Also pretty.”  Well, he is.  “Why? He’s out of your league.”“I didn’t say I wanted anything to do with him!” Jeongguk says apprehensively, slapping Taehyung’s hand on its way from stealing his chips.“Actually, you might be his type. I’ve seen the dudes he dated.”“Dudes?” he arches a brow. So, no girlfriend.Taehyung gives him a look, waving his hand towards him in a gesture. “Exactly like you. Minus the nerdy part.”That’s his cue to leave the table before Taehyung can plant any idea into his head. The more he tries not to think about it, however, the more he ends up thinking about it. Screw Taehyung for the information that:

Park Jimin is into men
Jeon Jeongguk might be his type
Now Jeongguk can’t help but to think about the possibility of getting into his pants. His  tight  pants, judging from how they hugged his ass so nicely.Imagine how fidgety it makes him behave the moment he is standing right in front of the door of Park Jimin’s place. The security eyed him weirdly when he was allowed in, probably thought that Jeongguk was some kind of laundry delivery service. He kind of wishes he is one, too, instead of being stuck in this absurd situation.“Hey! Sorry I have you walking all the way here,” the pink-haired senior opens the door with a bright smile plastered over his lips, stepping aside as an invitation for Jeongguk to step into the place.What Jeongguk had in mind was that the exchange would happen quickly - a mere switch of laundry basket before he can finally dash out of this place. Still, he can’t do anything but to comply to Jimin’s expectant smile. Unlike when they’re at the campus area and with their own circle of friends, Jimin actually looks friendlier. More approachable.“This place is like a few buildings away from mine anyway,” Jeongguk says, awkwardly placing the laundry basket down onto the coffee table.It’s a studio apartment. With a glance around the room, Jeongguk can already see pretty much everything - the bed with messy covers, pile of books on a working desk, a mini space for cooking utensils, and then Jimin heaving a laundry basket in his hands as he waddles back towards him.“Here! It was my mistake too, taking your laundry,” he grimaced, placing the bag down and straightening himself to face Jeongguk. “I guess you ran out of clean clothes, huh?”Jeongguk frowns, wondering for a second how Jimin figured that out until he remembers that he’s still wearing borrowed clothes. His hand flies to grab the front of the orange sweater. “Oh right. I have to return this later, maybe after I have them washed?” he offers, mentally throwing himself a string of curses because he hadn’t made any plan about the panties he’s wearing. After washing them, he’d have to hand the set of clothes including the underwear to the elder, and Jeongguk can already feel the embarrassment in his bones.“Ah, you don’t have to wash them! You got your clothes here, right? Feel free to change,” Jimin says. The sweet smile on his face doesn’t do much to ease the panic that’s going inside Jeongguk’s head.“But-”Jimin interrupts him with a gasp, as if he just realized something. “If you don’t wanna change in front of me, the bathroom is that way!” he points to a direction of an open door. “Though I don’t really mind to have you strip in my room.”The comment makes Jeongguk’s breath catch in his throat.Is that a flirty smile Jimin is throwing him? He can’t believe he finds himself in the most embarrassing situation in his life. Having a senior flirt on him while he is secretly wearing a pair of Jimin’s pretty underwear.“R-right. I’ll just take off the hoodie then,” he finally breathes out, reaching into his laundry bag to grab a black one of his own.“I won’t look!” Jimin chirps, turning around to make himself busy with his phone across the room. As if that would make things better at once.It’s not like Jeongguk is against the idea of taking off his clothes in front of the pretty boy. He is proud of his effort of building his muscle mass. As seen from how his muscles flex when he moves to pull the hoodie off himself. It’s only a mere few seconds of being shirtless inside the room, but he feels the uneasiness that comes from being watched. Self-consciousness.It’s proven only when Jimin’s voice breaks the silence again.“So, Jeongguk? Did you run out of clean underwear as well?”Suddenly he forgot how to breathe. Slowly, he turns his head to look over his shoulder, seeing that Jimin is looking at his bare back. Of course he didn’t really look away like he said he would.“Huh?” that’s the only eloquent answer he can come up with, especially with the latter watching him like a hawk. He doesn’t even dare to move and put the shirt on.“You said you ran out of clean clothes. Are you borrowing my underwear too?”There’s really no way out of this.“I- I’m sorry. It was an emergency,” he says, quickly adding in his moment of near-panic. “But I can wash them three time before returning them to you? Only if you still want them…”God, now he’s going to be labelled as an underwear thief. What if they are not Jimin’s, but his sister’s? Even though he doesn’t know if the elder has any sibling living with him or not. He’s going to get murdered inside this apartment. Nobody is going to find his body. Fuck. He should’ve told Taehyung where he was going.Interrupting his thoughts that only got worse within seconds, Jimin starts laughing instead. “Aw. Don’t be. They’re pretty, right? I’m sure you wouldn’t be able to resist them even if you had another choice.”The words drag Jeongguk’s thoughts back into the present. When he looks at Jimin again, he is already stopping behind him. “I swear I’m not a pervert,” still, he tries to explain weakly. More confused than anything else.Jimin just adds more into the confusion when his hand reached past his side, taking Jeongguk’s shirt from his hand to toss it over his shoulder. The smile that still stays on his lips is not the sweet one anymore.If Jeongguk felt intimidated by the guy because he was a senior, now he is intimidated because of another reason altogether.“They’re all mine, Jeongguk. They make me feel pretty when I wore them,” Jimin says, voice lowering into a deep whisper that causes a certain wave of heat to settle deep in Jeongguk’s abdomen. “Do you feel pretty?”His voice coaxes him like a siren’s, putting the image into his head that he has to shut his eyes. Face scarlet from embarrassment and fists clenched on his sides. Jimin hums, breath closer to Jeongguk’s nape that he almost jumps, but the slide of hand over the dip of his waist makes him relax.This way, he can think of the way he looked clad in only the panties when he checked how he looked this morning. Sure, the panties are cute. Pale blue in color, with soft and lacy see-through material and a tiny ribbon as decoration. He loves how hugged his ass, and how it’s so tiny that it might not be able to hold his dick if he starts getting hard.Just as he’s thinking about it, he can feel the twitch of his cock against the soft fabric. Feeling himself growing hard just from the thought.And still, he can’t bring himself to move.“Would be a shame to keep it only to yourself, right? I have the right to see since you’re borrowing my panties without my permission.”As if reading his mind, Jimin is more certain with his movements now. His fingers found their way to the front of his jeans, popping the button open, and letting the zipper slide down over the tent that’s already forming on his underwear.Jeongguk’s breath starts to deepen with how worked up he’s already, so it’s not his fault that he is already moaning shamelessly when Jimin’s hand slides into his pants. The warmth of his palm is cupping his cock through the lace.“Look at you. Aren’t you pretty?” Jimin whispers against the back of his earlobe. He gives a nudge on it, as if coaxing Jeongguk to really  look .And look, he does.Another tiny noise escapes from his throat as he gets a look of how hard he is already. The head of his cock is poking out of the lacy band of the panties, shiny and wet with precum already. He jumps a little when Jimin’s thumb finds it, rubbing a slow circle over the tip and teasingly digging into the slit.By now, Jeongguk is breathing more heavily, head lolled back against Jimin’s shoulder as he lets the elder touch him.“I asked you a question, Jeongguk,” Jimin hums into his ear, diving down to press a kiss to his neck. As though demanding for a response, his fingers suddenly work along the outline of his cock over the fabric, squeezing around it and smearing the bead of precome all over the head. Messy.“I- I look pretty. I love it,” he finally says, face burning from humiliation from having to say it out loud.“Good baby. You sure are pretty,” Jimin smiles against his skin, lowering the fabric down to let Jeongguk’s length free from the constraint. He wraps his fingers around the weeping cock, pumping it in quick successions that makes Jeongguk gasp and squirm in his hold.“Jimin… please.”A bite to his neck makes Jeongguk whine, stopping completely.“It’s Jimin  hyung  for you, baby.” “ Jimin hyung ,” he does whine the name later on, as he is held face down into the pillow, with his ass hoisted up - all exposed and shamelessly bared to Jimin. The sheer fabric of the panties are spread over the globe of his ass, while Jimin is not making any move to peel them off, only settled on his ass and squeezing the thick flesh.He jumps when he feels his ass being spread, then Jimin’s fingers on the cleft of his ass, tapping right on his opening. The texture of the lace is a foreign one along his rim, making him squeeze his eyes shut, trying to control his breathing and lie perfectly still. Only his fingers clenching onto the bed sheet and his chest heaving from the urge to  sob .“Hm?” the hum only irks jeongguk some more, making him lose patience at once and snaps his gaze over his shoulder to look at the latter.“Are you gonna do anything? Because this is embarrassing as heck and-  oh ,” he’s cut off by his own gasp, one in response to the fabric being pulled down. Then he feels the cold dollop of lube squeezed into him, along with Jimin’s thick fingers stretching his rim and making him hiss from the intrusion.It’s weird. The squelching noise when Jimin moves his fingers. The wet feeling around his rim and the thick liquid dripping onto his inner thigh. It’s a foreign feeling, yet not an unwelcomed one.“Seems like you’re not as chatty anymore. Stop biting and drooling all over my pillow.”It only comes to a realization that he, in fact, had been biting into the pillowcase to muffle his noises. Embarrassed, he lowers the cushion to hug it under his chest, while his thighs quiver from the strain of keeping his hips up. Jeongguk swears that he has never been this sensitive to touches, not even during his first time bottoming that he doesn’t even remember anymore.There’s just something more exciting about being in Jimin’s bed, with a pair of pastel colored panties pulled down just enough to give Jimin an access to his ass and the elder’s fingers fucking into his tight heat. Perhaps it’s the way Jimin’s thick fingers stretch him out so good, fluctuating the pace between slow, teasing ones to frantic one that makes Jeongguk squeak. Perhaps it’s the feeling of Jimin’s lips on his back, dragging along his skin whilst whispering praises. Telling Jeongguk how pretty he is, how good he feels around his fingers, and how much he’d really love to fuck him.“Pretty Jeonggukie. Can’t believe it took you so long to become mine.”Now, this one in particular piqued his interest. He briefly ponders over the implication behind Jimin’s words, though it’s hard for him to think straight with the constant rubbing of Jimin’s fingers on his spot, let alone forming a proper question.“What? Wait, no… hnng,  hyung . Fucking l-let me speak. Ugh-” he still tries anyway, only to end up with a keen as a rather powerful jab of Jimin’s fingers inside him.“What is it? Little ggukie wanna speak? Guess he doesn’t want this anymore, huh?”Jeongguk feels tears start to fill his eyes when Jimin’s fingers stop moving inside him. He shakes his head, abandoning any earlier thoughts as he shifts his hips, desperately rutting backwards so he can fuck himself with Jimin’s fingers.“No, hyung. Please- I’m so close.”“Already? What a needy baby,” Jimin sighs.“Wait, no-” Jeongguk panics inside, not wanting to disappoint the elder, especially as he feels him shift on his bed, afraid that he’d just leave Jeongguk like this. But then he feels Jimin’s warmth covering his back. A pair of lips teasing his earlobe and whispering into it.“Come, then. Just don’t regret it later.”There’s no time for him to think about what he could possibly regret, because then Jimin is already plunging his fingers back inside him. His face pressed into Jeongguk’s neck, mouth finding unmarked skin for him to leave his bruises.Jeongguk can only throw his head back, mouth falling open with choked moans uncontrollably falling off his lips. His cock is already drooling against the pillow, and with his mind clouded like this, he has no shame left as he starts rutting against the edge of it. But it’s Jimin’s voice that topples him over the edge, whispering praises over the mark on his neck that still stings.“Jimin hyung!” he groans the name as he comes, spoiling the pillow beneath him, and clenching around the digits that are still moving to stimulate him. Tears spilling out of the corner of his eyes, running down his cheeks, and wetting the pillow case.Jimin. The angelic looking Jimin? He turns out not to be so angelic in bed.While Jeongguk is still quaking and high from his orgasm, he flips him around, pushes the back of his thighs up against his chest, and moves forward to fit the head of his cock against Jeongguk’s twitching rim.Jeongguk’s eyes widen as he feels the slick rubbing against his gaping hole, before they’re squeezed shut the moment he’s stretched out some more along the girth.It’s too much. Everything feels like they’re intensified tenfold, especially the way Jimin’s cock is rubbing along his sensitive walls. He’s still clenching along the thick cock that is breaching him, not yet recovering from the high of his orgasm, when Jimin goes straight to pound him into the bed.At this point, Jeongguk is almost delirious, unable to form any sentence in his head or make sense of what’s happening anymore. The only thing he can make out is the noises that come out of his mouth. Nothing more than the less than eloquent  ah ah ahh  that sounds like a borderline pained groan.His toes are curled from where they’re up in the air. The backs of his knees hooked over Jimin’s shoulders, causing him to almost fold in half when Jimin presses down some more to kiss his mouth, swallowing the breathy noises he is making.The sight of baby blue panties stretched from his thigh to another makes Jeongguk shut his eyes in bashfulness, especially seeing that his cock is already hard again, leaking onto his stomach. As if the mess he made earlier is not enough.Jimin noticed this too.“You’re so wet, baby,” Jimin says, voice straining. “Wet and messy. It’s like fucking a girl.”Jeongguk turns his head to a side, which only gives the elder a leverage to drag his wet lips against his neck again. A chuckle caressing his sensitive skin before it’s followed by a bite.“Do you like it? Like feeling like a girl?” he is still pushing, nudging Jeongguk’s jaw with his nose as if demanding his attention.Still refusing to answer, Jeongguk keeps his eyes shut, focusing his attention on the deep burn inside his abdomen from being fucked instead of the new kind of fire Jimin is introducing to him. First the elder made him feel all pretty, and now he’s going to make him feel even more.He jumps and keens when Jimin slips his hand between them, thumb toying gently over the head of Jeongguk’s weeping cock and digging onto the slit. The quick swipes of Jimin’s thumb over his head makes Jeongguk thrash beneath his restraints. Another drop of tears rolling down the corner of his eye.“Tell me, Jeongguk.”“N-no. Please don’t make me say it, please-”“Tell me you like it when I’m fucking your pussy. Tell me,” Jimin’s voice is more stern now, compelling Jeongguk to finally crack his eyes open to look at the elder again. His eyes wet as he stares up at Jimin, feeling yet another wave of heat just from the way Jimin looks at him.“I like it…” he whispers.Jimin clicks his tongue, squeezing around the head of his cock and making him drool some more onto his stomach.“Ugh- I like it when you fuck my pussy!” he says it in one intake of breath. Shame washes over him along with a hot wave of pleasure that causes him to black out for a second. His head thrown back and his nails digging onto Jimin’s arm.He only realized that he’s come again because Jimin is cursing from how tight he’s gotten, hips moving frantically against him now as he chases after his own release. The oversensitivity is the only thing Jeongguk can feel for a moment, making him weakly hit Jimin’s shoulder and almost scream at the overwhelming sensation, until he feels Jimin’s load filling him up.Warmth coating his inside and leaving him sated. When he finally comes to his senses again, his legs are already set down - aching, but only in a good way. The baby blue panties are pulled up properly, covering his ass and spent cock. Jimin’s body heat is nowhere around him, and for a second he feels dread filling his chest, until he feels the dip of Jimin’s weight on the bed, and then the elder’s smile greeting him from above his face.“Hey, was that too much?” Jimin asks. His lips spread into his usual pretty boy smile again that it’s hard for Jeongguk to fathom how this male is the same one as the one who almost fucked the life out of him.“A little, but it was perfect. I loved it.”Jimin pushes him back down when he tries to move, only letting him lie down and flinch as the cold, wet towel wipes over the mess coating his abdomen. And then more on his inner thighs. God.If only Jeongguk’s legs aren’t feeling so wobbly, he’d have dashed out of the place right about now.“You’d better do. Or else we’d have ruined my favorite panties for nothing,” Jimin sighs, albet a little dramatically.There’s a few moments of silence as Jimin busies himself with wiping the extra mess spilled onto his bedsheet, though there’s no way it’s still salvageable. Those moments are enough for Jeongguk to collect his thoughts, until he remembers a particular detail from their earlier activity.“Hyung? You mentioned something about finally making me yours,” Jeongguk starts, face heating up at the fact that he’s voicing the thought out loud. “It’s almost like you’ve wanted me even before today.”Jimin chortles.“Silly. Of course I’ve wanted you before today. There’s just never any chance to talk, and then… I saw you last night. Looking hella cute with your monochromatic laundry.”Now, that’s unexpected. Jeongguk’s heart can take only so much surprise for a day, and especially not when it’s already weakened so much from the exertion from the sex. But still. He has to voice out his suspicion. The most important one.“Don’t tell me you wrongly took my laundry in purpose.”This time, the answer doesn’t come so quickly. Jeongguk barely needs it, though, since he can already see it the moment he meets the elder’s gaze and Jimin breaks into a grin. A hand coming up to run his fingers through his hair.“Well, it’s all worth it in the end, right?” he says. Only confirming it even more.Jeongguk exhales an exasperated sigh. “I need a moment to judge if it’s really worth it or not. Now I just feel all sore and icky. Need a shower- wait, what the fuck-” he trails off as he watches Jimin move to settle between his legs again. His hands running up the length of Jeongguk’s thighs, making the younger shiver under the touch. He hates how easy Jimin can affect him like this.“You’ll have a lot of time to think about that later,” he says, tongue poking out to wet his lower lip. “For now, I can make even more of a mess out of you.”There’s really no chance to say otherwise, since Jeongguk’s brain has already short-circuited, deciding that the best reaction he could produce is to arch his back and moan like a needy bitch when Jimin lowers his head to press his mouth onto the wet patch on the pastel colored panties.It’s unfair, just how easily Jimin can get him to succumb into this state of wanting  more, more, and more . But it might have something to do with the fact that Jimin may be an experienced senior. He’s even good at planning the whole thing that got Jeongguk in this situation in the first place.Like hell Jeongguk would let himself mull over it right now, though. Not when Jimin’s plush lips are pressed onto his opening, and his tongue is breaching his hole to eat his own cum out of Jeongguk’s ass. It feels so dirty that it lights up fire inside Jeongguk’s abdomen, making him all worked up again in just a few seconds.See, that’s how easy Jimin affects him.Fuck Park Jimin and his seniority.



Afterword


End Notes
i mostly talk about yoonkook, but here's my twitter if you wanna be friends uwu


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



