



Connect the Dots - apolloyoongi - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Connect the Dots
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/16315058.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Min Yoongi | Suga/Park Jimin
Character:
Min Yoongi | Suga, Park Jimin (BTS)
Additional Tags:
listen, this is nothing but, Smut, Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot, Switching, Blow Jobs, Teasing, Praise Kink, Top Min Yoongi | Suga, Min Yoongi | Suga Is Whipped, Anal Sex, Anal Fingering, Fluff and Smut, Married Couple, Married Sex, Bottom Park Jimin (BTS), Bottom Min Yoongi | Suga, Top Park Jimin (BTS)
Stats:

        Published: 2018-10-17
        Words: 8190
      

Connect the Dots
by apolloyoongi
Summary
“Something wrong with it, love?” Yoongi asks as he chews, though Jimin only shakes his head, “Then why aren’t you eating?” he wipes his fingertips clean over his slacks, dusting them off ever so slightly before he’s reaching to tip Jimin’s head to meet his eyes.He’s got his eyes screwed shut, as if he’s refusing to meet his gaze as his lip wobbles a bit, “’M just so fucking frustrated!” he finally exclaims.“I know you are,” Yoongi sooths, trying not to coo at how adorable his husband’s face is, “Just tell me what you want, baby, I’ve got you.”
Notes
Just a little gift for my darling, Clara. Basically, we're both huge messes whenever it comes to domestic yoonmin, or yoonmin in general and this one is for her.Huge thank you to her for beta reading most of this, and also to Ren for beta reading the final(ish) draft!I don't really have much more to say about this except, enjoy another shameless addition to my collection of YM porn.The title is from the song Connect the Dots by The Spill Canvas. Basically it's a really cheesy, adorable, yet somehow sensual love song with a real nice beat and for some reason I felt like it fit perfectly for this drabble. Sorry if there are any mistakes, I totally revised a good portion of this while my roommate's family was over and trying to hold a conversation while revising smut ain't easy, folks. ALRIGHT, see ya at the end!

          See the end of the work for more notes




Connect the Dots

The house smells like nothing, and Yoongi doesn’t take that as a particularly good sign considering by this time every evening, Jimin is usually in the kitchen cooking up something for dinner. He carefully closes the door behind him, not even bothering to kick off his shoes because he doesn’t like how incredibly quiet their home is. It’s eerie, he thinks, completely void of his husband’s quiet singing which he usually hears the moment he steps through the door. “Darling?” he calls, stopping just within the foyer of their home as he tosses his briefcase down onto the floor before he tugs off his jacket and misses the coatrack by mere inches, “Jimin?” he calls once again. He finally hears a quiet hum coming from the kitchen and he feels a bit of relief rush through his chest. He pops his head through the doorway of the kitchen, eyes landing on a mess of brown, unkept hair and that’s all he can see. Judging by the way he has his head hung rather low, empty bowl out in front of him and a box of cereal alongside it, he’s had a less than great day. The moment Yoongi registers everything that’s happening, he doesn’t hesitate to make his way over to his husband, instantly noticing his clothing; one of his own long white button ups and a pair of baby blue fuzzy socks. Shit, Yoongi thinks, he’s had a really bad day. Jimin hardly acknowledges that Yoongi is even in the room with him until the older steps up alongside him at the island in the middle of the kitchen where he's sitting. Yoongi’s fingers slide over the top of Jimin’s back, rubbing soothing circles before he’s trailing his fingertips up the back of his neck and into his messy hair, “You okay, baby?” he asks, though he already knows the answer. It’s with his question that Jimin is finally lifting his head slightly, even if it’s only to lean into the gentle touch of his loved one, but his eyes look tired as he looks up to Yoongi and he nods a bit, “’M just so tired, Yoongi.” That’s all the answer that Yoongi needs before he’s pulling Jimin into his arms, though the angle is a bit awkward where the chair is shorter than he is, but he does his best as he presses soft kisses across the top of Jimin’s head. He bends slightly, trying to get a better angle as he continues peppering a soft trail of kisses down towards Jimin’s cheek, which he finds earns a tiny smile that tugs at the edges of his husband’s lips. “Do you want to talk about it?” Yoongi asks, still pressing light kisses over any skin he can reach, anything to make sure that the younger knows that he’s there for him. Jimin shakes his head however, “Just typical work stuff,” he hums, his lips pulling into a tiny pout, “I’ll be okay. Especially now that you’re home.” Yoongi presses one last kiss before he’s nosing his way back towards the top of Jimin’s head before he asks, “Is this what we’re having for dinner?” Jimin nods, tilting his head once more to look up at Yoongi, “’M sorry. I didn’t feel like cooking.” Yoongi shushes him, “S’okay, you just relax,” he reassures as he’s finally removing his hands from Jimin’s waist to reach around him and grab the carton of milk, pouring it into the bowl first before the mess of colorful cereal; just the way that his husband likes. Yoongi drops the spoon into the bowl before he’s moving over to the counter, hoisting himself to sit up there as he grabs the box of cereal, eating it in small handfuls as Jimin just eyes the bowl of cereal that’s quickly turning soggy. “Something wrong with it, love?” Yoongi asks as he chews, though Jimin only shakes his head, “Then why aren’t you eating?” he wipes his fingertips clean over his slacks, dusting them off ever so slightly before he’s reaching to tip Jimin’s head to meet his eyes. He’s got his eyes screwed shut, as if he’s refusing to meet his gaze as his lip wobbles a bit, “’M just so fucking frustrated!” he finally exclaims. “I know you are,” Yoongi sooths, trying not to coo at how adorable his husband’s face is, “Just tell me what you want, baby, I’ve got you.” Jimin hums, finally popping one eye open for a moment before he finally lets out a little, “W-will you just hold me?” Yoongi fights back a little chuckle at that, though he fails as he’s quick to hold his arms open in invitation. Jimin eagerly accepts, nearly causing his chair to topple over with how fast he pushes away from the island to throw himself into Yoongi’s arms. Yoongi finds the action incredibly cute, even giving the circumstances as he wraps his arms around the younger once more. “Hate to tell you this,” he begins, though he’s interrupted with the way that Jimin’s head hits his chest with a thud as he settles himself between Yoongi’s thighs, “But you’re so fucking adorable when you’re frustrated.” “’M not!” Jimin argues, burying his head a little deeper into Yoongi’s chest which causes his voice to be muffled. He’s smiling though, and Yoongi knows it. “But, you are,” Yoongi corrects, “Cutest fucking thing I’ve ever seen. But, that’s at all hours of the day, just right now it’s almost too much to handle.” Jimin only groans something into Yoongi’s shirt once again, a mess of words that he can’t even begin to make out before the older lets out a throaty chuckle, “S’cute, Jiminie. So, so cute.” His hands begin making soothing circles over Jimin’s back once more, but only for a moment because Jimin is quick to pull away from his embrace, shooting him his best look of disgust. “You’re not making things any better,” Jimin whines in protest as he begins to pull away, but Yoongi is fast and his hands are already wrapped around his husband’s wrists as he pulls him back in. “So, tell me what you need then, baby.” he compromises, “Tell me what I can do to make this better.” Jimin hums, though he’s squirming under the older’s touch, but he's clearly thinking about what he wants because soon after he’s pressing a light kiss to Yoongi’s jaw like an apology for his outburst, “Can we just go to bed and cuddle?” he asks ever so sweetly. Yoongi nods against Jimin’s hair, and soon after he’s being tugged off the kitchen island and down the hallway to their bedroom.    Jimin has a habit of nesting, and Yoongi finds it absolutely adorable. He watches with loving eyes as his husband is arranging their pillows in just the way that he likes them. Yoongi almost protests as he watches the younger steal his favorite pillow, but he bites his tongue. He figures that Jimin has had a rough day and it’s the least he can do. He plops down, completely burrowing beneath the duvet before he’s looking up at Yoongi and patting the space beside him, and the older doesn’t hesitate, he could never deny anything that Jimin could ask for. He falls into the bed, instantly pulling the younger flush against him as he buries his face into his shoulder, simply breathing everything in about the one that he loves. He figures he could easily doze off like this. He feels entirely at peace, but it seems that Jimin has other plans. The younger doesn’t hold still for long, only a matter of minutes before he’s rocking back into Yoongi slowly, lightly and almost teasingly. Yoongi bites his lips at the simple action, though it isn’t doing much yet. “S’not cuddling, baby,” Yoongi rasps, though he finds the little breathy sounds that are escaping Jimin’s lips to be absolutely enthralling as the boy pushes back a little more, slowly circling against Yoongi. “Changed my mind,” he whispers softly, “Said to tell you what I want, you’ve got me.” Yoongi hums, though he is far from denying what Jimin seemingly wants, he enjoys teasing his husband, “I did say that, didn’t I?” Jimin hums in return, his agreement apparent as he’s guiding the arm that Yoongi has tossed over his waist until his hand is gripping firmly at his hip, “Just like this,” he mumbles softly, burying his face in the pillow, but Yoongi isn’t having it. He quickly flips him over onto his back to where he can cage the younger between him and the mattress, careful to hold his weight up with his elbows. “Such a pretty baby,” Yoongi coos softly, sure that Jimin will eat up his praises even more than usual due to his hectic day, “All mine,” he adds, pressing soft open-mouthed kisses across Jimin’s slightly exposed collarbone. A small euphoric sigh slips past Jimin’s lips as he melts into the mattress beneath the touch of the older, and Yoongi takes that as all the go ahead at the he needs before he’s lightly tracing his fingers up Jimin’s thighs. The light touch causes the younger to shiver beneath him and Yoongi coaxes him on, pressing the softest of kisses up towards his jaw line. Yoongi is hellbent on taking his time, though it seems the younger wants something more as his hands finally leave where they’re gripping at the pillow and lacing through Yoongi’s dark locks. A string of “please’s” keep falling from his lips as he bucks his hips up in an attempt to meet Yoongi’s hips above his own. “Please what?” Yoongi murmurs, though he already knows just what Jimin is after. Jimin shifts a little more, squeaky whines falling past his lips as he grips a little harder at Yoongi’s hair, “Please just touch me.” “I am,” Yoongi retorts, smiling against the column of Jimin’s neck, he loves teasing Jimin whenever he’s falling apart at the seams. “You know what I mean,” he finally huffs out in frustration as he bucks up his hips once more, and Yoongi figures he’s asked nicely and that he shouldn’t deny him any further as he spreads Jimin’s thighs a little more as he lightly rolls his hips. The choked whine that leaves Jimin’s lips is almost like a reward for Yoongi, only stoking the fire that’s beginning to burn a little brighter within his gut as he kisses all the way to Jimin’s lips where he doesn’t hesitate to slot them together, swallowing each little whimper as he rocks his hips a tad more fervently. Jimin’s whines grow a bit louder, and Yoongi only smiles once more, “What is it baby? Tell me what you want,” he leans up a little where he can see Jimin’s face, finding his brows pinched together, seemingly frustrated. “I just-” he stammers, his cheeks already flushing a deep pink within the dim lights of their bedroom, “Been thinkin’ I wanna try something,” he says, though his voice is so quiet and Yoongi is simply melting over how precious his husband is whenever he’s flustered. “Is that so?” Yoongi asks, his interest piqued, and Jimin is now hiding his face with his hands as he mumbles out something that the older can’t quite catch, “C’mon Jiminie, you’ve gotta speak up for me.” “I just want-” he starts once more before attempting to shift below Yoongi, burying his face into the nearest pillow as he mumbles once again and the older only huffs. Yoongi takes it upon himself—patience wearing thin—as he forces Jimin to roll back over and look at him, “Baby, I can’t hear you when you’re mumbling.” Jimin huffs, finally looking Yoongi in the eyes and the older swears he can feel the heat coming from his husband’s cheeks as he only grumbles, “I thought maybe, just maybe that I could be in charge tonight?” Yoongi’s eye widen a bit at the suggestion, though it is incredibly tempting. They’ve been married for close to two years, and Jimin has always been the submissive one. Yoongi figures that the boy doesn’t even have a dominant bone in his body, so the idea is nothing short of intriguing, and he can’t exactly explain how the simple idea of Jimin fucking him open has his dick twitching within the confinement of his slacks. “Is that so?” he finally rasps, nosing a bit at Jimin’s jaw as a little assurance that he shouldn’t be as embarrassed as he is because the younger is now hiding his face beneath his small hands. Jimin only nods slightly, and Yoongi grabs his wrists, tearing his hands away from his face and pins them on either side of his head against the mattress, “You want to fuck me?” The younger is quick to screw his eyes shut once again, his embarrassment apparent across his boyish face before a little string of, “It’s okay if you don’t want to!” and “It was a stupid suggestion, I’m sorry,” is leaving his lips but Yoongi is quick to shush him with his own. The moment Jimin finally calms down, Yoongi is pulling away, a hand raking up his body slowly until he can softly pet his face with his knuckles, “Would that make you feel better, baby?” Jimin looks a little shocked at Yoongi's words to say the least, so he doesn’t say anything right away before Yoongi asks again, “Is that how you want to get out all of your frustration, hm?” Jimin is just staring up at Yoongi, confusion apparent because he clearly doesn’t know whether or not his husband is joking before he finally musters up a breathy, “Yes,” and the simple word has Yoongi holding back another chuckle as he bites at his own lip. So, Yoongi sits up on his knees and Jimin is quick to follow him as he runs his hands up his husband’s chest to the top button of his shirt before he haphazardly begins fumbling with it, and the blush that’s dusting over his cheeks has Yoongi’s heart absolutely stuttering within the walls of his chest. Jimin makes quick work of the buttons before he’s tugging Yoongi’s shirt out of the waistband of his black slacks and is pressing soft, teasing kisses up the expanse of his chest that send a shiver up Yoongi’s spine, “So pretty,” he murmurs, eyes taking in every little detail as if this is their very first time all over again. Yoongi can’t stop the way his hands instantly thread through Jimin’s light brown locks, messing up his unkempt hair even more so as he just sucks his own lip between his teeth, already slowly falling apart at the seams beneath the younger’s touch. His husband is taking his time, lightly tracing the tips of his fingers over the taut muscles along his stomach and all the way up to his shoulders before he’s silently ordering Yoongi to help him shrug off his shirt; allowing it to fall to the bed. Jimin shifts slowly, finally setting himself up on his knees in order to meet Yoongi’s lips, slowly, carefully; his touch is so sweet and gentle that it’s practically driving the older up the wall. The kiss is tender, barely there almost and it’s much like Jimin is attempting to find his ground, Yoongi thinks, before he feels his husband’s thumb against his chin, prying his lips apart before he’s already licking into his mouth. It’s like a whirlwind, the way that a switch seemingly has flipped in Jimin’s head as he begins exploring the cavern of Yoongi’s mouth with his tongue, lacking finesse and holding command all at once before he’s threading his fingers roughly into the older’s dark locks. He doesn’t hesitate in tipping Yoongi’s head back by his hair, their lips parting and the older instantly craves more; he misses the feeling of Jimin’s lips against his own, but he can’t control the gasp the rakes its way up his throat as he feels his husband’s plush lips against the column of his neck. He presses soft, open mouthed kisses, each one precise as he finally chooses a spot to nip at, and it’s in that moment that Yoongi realizes just how desperate he is before he’s tugging Jimin’s hands towards his belt. “Eager, aren’t we?” Jimin smirks against his skin, his breath hot over the little marks he’s left along Yoongi’s neck. The older feels a wave of relief rush over him as Jimin begins fumbling with his belt before he’s tugging at it, allowing the leather to snake through the beltloops of his slacks. It’s just after Jimin has carelessly tossed his belt to the floor that Yoongi feels the younger slowly trail his hands up his thighs, such a tease, he always has been. The devilish smirk that’s tugging at the edges of Jimin’s lips is nothing short of sinful, he knows exactly just how to push Yoongi’s buttons as his small hand grazes carefully over his husband’s clothed erection, lightly pressing his palm there. Jimin never takes his eyes off Yoongi through the whole action, simply rubbing small circles against his throbbing dick before he’s giggling quietly, his words almost a whisper as he says, “Look how hard you’ve gotten for me. That excited to take my cock, yeah?” Yoongi can’t even remember the last time that someone fucked him if he’s being honest, most likely his first year of college whenever he was all about having a good time before he met Jimin. He was never exactly fond of it, hence the whole dynamic that he and Jimin have had going since they got together, but he’d be lying if he said he wasn’t excited hearing the words of the younger, a quiet groan escaping his mouth at them. Jimin sinks down a little further into the mattress, shifting until he can press a teasing kiss against the bulge within Yoongi’s pants as he continues rubbing his hand over it once more, “Tell me you want it, baby. I wanna hear you say it.” His husband looks like such a sinful picture below him with the way he continues pressing teasing kisses against his clothed cock, all while glancing up with his hooded eyes every so often, his brow raising as if he’s starting to get impatient or maybe he thinks that Yoongi isn’t about to do what he’s been asked. “I-I,” Yoongi stammers, his mouth suddenly feeling dry and head fuzzy at what he can’t keep his eyes off below him before he finally musters up the words, “I want you to fuck me until I can’t even remember my own name.” Yoongi figures that his answer was more than enough with the way that Jimin’s cheeks light up, a soft smile tugging at his lips before he’s unbuttoning the older’s slacks, tugging them down along with his boxers in one swift motion. The older nearly gasps at the way the cold air is suddenly hitting his throbbing erection, biting back a groan as Jimin simply pushes him back onto his ass before he’s straddling him faster than Yoongi can even begin to register just what’s happening. Jimin is licking his lips in the most enticing of ways, one that has Yoongi dying to feel them all over his hot skin, he’s putty under the younger’s sharp gaze. His eyes widen as Jimin starts running his hands up his own clothed body, little breathy whines escaping his lips as he begins tugging up the long shirt that he’s adorned with and Yoongi all but groans at the sight. He really should have seen this coming, Jimin always has had the best taste in underwear, but he’s really outdone himself this time. Light blue lace that contrasts so beautifully against his sun kissed skin that he can see completely through, the head of his cock peeking out so teasingly over the waistband. Yoongi is about to make a comment on them, praise his pretty baby for having such good taste before Jimin is giggling quietly as he begins rocking his hips right over the expanse of the older’s exposed cock, practically knocking the breath out of his lungs. He can’t even form a coherent thought of anything else besides how ardently good it feels, having only been teased up until now. Jimin continues rolling his hips, and surely with the devilish scene on top of him, Yoongi feels that he really could come right then and there. He screws his eyes shut, trying to will away the feelings, how amazing it all is until he’s suddenly left bereft, and he opens his eyes as he attempts to steady his breathing. His eyes search for Jimin within their dimly lit room, only to see him backing away slowly towards the headboard as he curls a finger, beckoning Yoongi toward him. Yoongi doesn’t even think about it twice before he’s moving towards the younger, only to be stopped by a socked foot to the chest and wrapped up in an airy giggle that fills the air. “Take them off,” he whispers, though coyly as he tugs his shirt up once more to let Yoongi know what he means and the older’s hands move faster than his brain as he hooks a finger under the waist band of the lace, tugging them down with little help from the younger as he’s busy fumbling with the buttons of his blouse. Yoongi is quick to slingshot the panties across the room, earning another light chuckle from his husband at the action before he’s met with a sharp gaze. Yoongi isn’t sure that it’s actually Jimin who’s in the room with him anymore based off how intense the look that he’s shooting him is, sending chills up his spine before he’s murmuring, “Show me what that pretty mouth can do, hm?” The words are far less of a question as they are a demand, and Yoongi feels his cheeks flush slightly at the words of the younger, and even more so whenever he notices the way that his hand is already gripping eagerly at the base of Jimin’s weeping cock. He notices the way that there’s a little trail of precome across Jimin’s lower abdomen from when he dick was trapped against his stomach, he thinks it’s absolutely adorable in the strangest of ways and he can’t even stop himself whenever he bends down to lap at the trail slowly, causing the younger’s breath to stutter beneath him. Yoongi is far more than eager, he loves the way that Jimin tastes, so he’s quick to continue his ministrations further down, kissing playfully at the head of his husband’s dick before moving all the way to the base where he meets his hand. Jimin is wiggling under his touch, always so sensitive, and Yoongi loves it. He loves every little response and choked whine that falls from his husband’s parted lips before he licks a quick stripe back up to where he began, only to do it two more times and he feels pride bloom within his chest at the way Jimin is gripping the sheets tightly, his knuckles turning white. The younger seems to have entirely forgotten that he was unbuttoning his top, with his hands now grasping for anything he can reach within the vicinity as Yoongi licks carefully at the head of his swollen cock, never once taking his eyes off the way that Jimin’s brows are pinched together in a mix of pleasure and frustration as quiet little, “Just get on with it,” spills past his lips. Yoongi smirks at that, he always wants Jimin to remember who is truly in charge but figures he should take pity on the whimpering boy as he takes the tip of his dick between his lips, taking his time still as he sucks slowly and delicately, earning another frustrated groan from the younger. It's quick, the way that Jimin brings one of his hands to thread through Yoongi’s hair, delicately at first and barely there before he forcefully shoves the older’s head down, forcing the tip of his cock to hit the back of his husband’s throat. Yoongi was far from expecting it, so he’s doing his best to not let his gag reflex get the better of him before Jimin finally let’s go and the older is pulling back for air, shooting a glare at the younger. Yoongi’s lips part, he’s about to say something snarky but Jimin beats him to the punch as he finally gains his composure, shooting another sharp gaze at the older, “How about you stop fucking around and just do as you’re told, yeah?” The words cause Yoongi’s heart to lurch and he isn’t sure whether he should praise the younger for how fucking sexy he finds it whenever he demands what he wants, or if he should scold him because he’s being a complete brat, but he doesn’t have time before Jimin is gripping his hair once more and forcing his head back down, “Be good for me,” he murmurs as he grips the base of his own cock, lining it up to Yoongi’s lips. The older could never deny him, especially not after that. So, Yoongi does as he’s told, taking Jimin between his lips once more, replacing the younger’s hand with his own as he gets to work, slowly beginning to bob his head, making sure to drag his tongue carefully over the bottom of the younger’s throbbing cock. He’s precise in his movements, knowing just how to drive Jimin up the wall as he takes his length all the way until the head is meeting the back of his throat, and it earns a pleased whine from above him and so he’s quick to pull back a bit, not wanting to force him to come just yet. Maybe it’s a little selfish of Yoongi, but all he can think about is idea of Jimin coming inside of him soon enough. He pulls off his cock for a moment to catch his breath before sinking back down, teasing him once more as the tip of his dick meets his throat, but as he’s trying to pull back up, Jimin is gripping the back of his head and forcing him all the way to the bottom once more before he whispers a rough, “Hold it there for me, baby,” and Yoongi can only do as he’s told, fighting with himself to not choke around the younger’s length. Jimin is kind though, not forcing him to stay there too long as he releases Yoongi’s hair. He’s already shifting up onto his knees as the older tries to catch his breath, wiping at the spit that had been pooling at the edges of his mouth. “Flip over,” he demands, and he’s reaching for the drawer of the bedside table and Yoongi doesn’t argue, just does as he’s told and watches the younger over his shoulder as he fixes himself onto his stomach. He tosses the bottle of lube on the bed and goes back to fumbling with the buttons of his top as his eyes rake over Yoongi’s body, and the older feels small beneath his gaze, but eager to reach out and touch at Jimin as more and more of his skin becomes exposed. “How long has it been since you’ve taken a cock, Yoonie?” his words come out much sweeter than they should with such a question. “Before I met you, clearly,” Yoongi retorts before he feels a sudden hand slapping his ass, and the sting sends chills up his spine. “You don’t have to be a smartass,” Jimin spits back, though he giggles between his words as Yoongi feels a set of small hands kneading at his ass, “Y’know, you’ve got the cutest ass? I fucking love it.” “Is that right?” Yoongi can’t help but to chuckle back before he feels the younger’s plush lips press a soft kiss at the small of his back and Jimin only hums in return before he’s removing a hand from his soft skin, and the older hears the lid of lube snap. He hardly has time to register, let alone prepare himself for what’s happening he feels something cool and wet being pour directly between his cheeks, and Jimin has always liked it incredibly messy. Yoongi can’t help but to lean into the touch as Jimin presses one of his fingers lightly against his rim, carefully as if he’s afraid the older will break beneath his touch, “Is this okay?” he asks quietly and Yoongi feels himself melting slightly at the adorable hesitance within his words. “Do it, baby,” he coos, licking his lips in anticipation before he feels the tip of one of his husband’s finger breaching his entrance, slowly, carefully until his knuckle meets the tight ring of muscles. He stills, allowing Yoongi a little time to get used to the feeling before he’s pulling his finger out and setting a slow pace of shallow thrusts before he feels comfortable enough to add another until he works up to a third finger. Yoongi can only grip at the closest pillow he can reach, doing his best to muffle his groans, unable to believe he forgot how good it could feel to be fucked open by someone’s fingers. Though, he thinks, it’s probably never felt this good until it was Jimin doing it. He can’t help the way that his hips start rocking a bit, slowly rutting his throbbing erection against the sheets and surely soiling them with the amount of precome that he knows is weeping from the head of his cock. The slight friction is more than enough, has him seeing starts and he knows he could easily come from this, having hardly been touched up until now. But, the blinding feeling is taken away as quickly as it came the moment that Jimin is removing his fingers from Yoongi. Yoongi peeks over his shoulder, curious as he finds Jimin’s shirt hanging off his shoulders a bit, his tongue peeking out from between his lips as he’s working lube over his length. “Need some help?” Yoongi teases lightly, and Jimin only looks up to him, his cheeks a bright hue of red as he shakes his head. “Help me by getting up on your knees, yeah?” and his hands are already on Yoongi’s hips to help him up. Yoongi’s cock aches even more so at the loss of contact from the mattress, but his mind is quickly distracted the moment he feels the tip of Jimin’s cock pressing against his rim, carefully much like he had with his fingers. The younger keeps a tight grip on Yoongi’s hip with his other hand as he slowly begins pushing inside and their quiet room is filled with nothing but the sound of Jimin’s shaky breaths as he moves forward until his hips come in contact with Yoongi’s ass, completely buried at the hilt. Yoongi is biting his lip, the action surely about to draw blood as he holds back a grown, the stretch a little uncomfortable, but far from unwelcome as Jimin begins testing the waters, circling his hips slightly. Yoongi can’t fight back the groan that leaves his lips with the simple movement, even more so as Jimin begins pulling back before he quickly snaps his hips forward, burying himself once more, a quick, “Oh, fuck,” falling past his lips that mixes beautifully with Jimin’s stuttering breaths. “You’re so fucking tight, baby,” Jimin comments, both hands now fixed steadily on his hips in a bruising grip, each finger surely creating the start of a set of ten little bruises before he begins rocking his hips again, “You feel so good around me,” he adds. Jimin sets a slow and steady pace at first, slowly working up to faster and harder thrusts that have him smacking against Yoongi’s ass with each one, earning a string of moans from the older that he has no way of holding back. “You sound so pretty, Yoonie,” he forces between bated breaths as he snaps his hips forwards once more, “You love taking my cock, don't you?” and Yoongi can practically feel the smug smirk within his words. Yoongi can't find the words between the choked up groans that are rumbling up his throat with each movement of the younger, wondering why they've never tried this before as he feels Jimin's hand slide up the arch of his back. The touch is practically feather light in comparison to the tight grip on his hip by Jimin's other hand as he glides the tips of his fingers up the back of Yoongi's neck until he's gently threading his fingers through his mess of dark hair. The pads of his fingers rub softly against his scalp in time with his thrusts that are now slowing down.  The action is sweet, and ever tender Yoongi thinks as he feels Jimin's cock almost completely slide out of him. The younger is slowly circling his hips teasingly as the head of his cock works against his inner walls, hitting far from where Yoongi needs it, but he has not time to complain, especially not as he feels a sudden sting at his scalp. Jimin's fingers are clenched tightly, tangled within his hair as he uses the grip for leverage as he quickly slams back into Yoongi, sinking in entirely once more as he starts to circle his hips and the older has no control over the loud string of curses the reverberate up his throat. "I asked you a question," Jimin begins, his voice low and it alone is sending chills all over Yoongi's hot skin as he the younger tugs his head back, forcing him to look at him over his shoulder, "You love taking my cock, don't you?" Yoongi has no control over the way that his hips work back in time with Jimin's, and he's struggling to form the words as he only nods his head, the softest of agreements making it's way past his lips. "C'mon baby," he coos, almost condescendingly, "I can't hear you when you mumble," and he's snapping his hips once again causing the older's breath to hitch. It takes a moment for Yoongi to come to his senses after the last hard thrust, "Fuck yes, baby. I love taking your cock," and the words alone are causing Yoongi's skin to practically feel as if it's on fire, feeling himself fall apart at the seams. “Feels so fucking good, Jiminie,” he praises, unable to leave his baby hanging and needs to let him know just how amazing the younger is making him feel as he rocks back in an attempt to meet Jimin’s thrusts. It’s fast though, the way he’s left empty before Jimin is forcing him to flip over on his back before he’s pulling his hips up a bit and sinking back into Yoongi without even a second though.  The new angle has the younger’s cock hitting all the right places, driving him up the wall and he wonders for a moment if he could come untouched, the idea exhilarating as he grips at Jimin’s wrists tightly, digging his nails into the skin. Jimin is quick to lean down, slotting their lips together in an attempt to swallow every shallow moan that leaves Yoongi’s lips as he picks up his pace once more before he’s pulling away, biting at his own lip, quiet whimpers leaving his lips as his brows pinch together. “What, baby?” Yoongi asks, lacing his fingers into Jimin’s hair as he works his hips back against Jimin’s thrusts. “Yoongi, I-I’m,” he starts, the red on his cheeks almost illuminating all on its own. “It’s okay, baby, it’s okay,” Yoongi tries between his own unsteady breaths, “Come in me, yeah? Baby, I want you to come in me.” The words are simple, but clearly they’re enough as a string of melodic moans and something akin to the older’s name is falling past his lips as Yoongi pulls Jimin down on top of him, pressing kisses onto the top of his head as the younger’s rhythm becomes unsteady. His hips finally come to a halt, and the feeling of Jimin spilling deep inside of him causes Yoongi to groan between the quiet praises that he’s whispering into his husband’s hair. Yoongi gives him a moment, holding him through his entire orgasm before their lips meet once more and the older can’t help but to smile into the kiss, “You did so good for me, Jiminie,” he adds before pressing a soft kiss to the younger’s nose, “But, now it’s my turn baby.” Jimin only nods as he slowly pulls out of the older and Yoongi fights back a groan at how sensitive he feels, knows he won’t last long as Jimin seats himself in his lap, “You gonna ride me?” the older coos, admiring his baby’s flushed cheeks as the younger reaches for the bottle of lube, holding it out for the older. Yoongi liberally coats his fingers before he’s coaxing Jimin to lay against his chest, knowing he won’t need to be prepped too much as he loves the feeling of being stretched, “You sure this is okay?” he questions and Jimin begins guiding Yoongi’s hand to his ass. “Just hurry up and fuck me,” he commands quietly, though his words are bit slurred due to the haze of his previous orgasm. Yoongi complies, however, carefully circling his finger over Jimin’s rim to spread the lube around a bit before he’s pressing in and the younger whimpers quietly against his chest. He works his finger in slowly, circling it around the younger’s inner walls and the whines that leave Jimin’s lips are from coherent, but only egg Yoongi on, “Baby, you’re always so fucking pretty, you know that?” he can’t help but to ask as he pushes in another finger and his husband can only whine lowly as he presses soft kisses over Yoongi’s chest. Yoongi feels the way that Jimin’s hand rakes down slowly between them as he reaches to grip at the base of the older’s cock, causing him to practically hiss at the feeling as the younger begins lazily stroking before he’s reaching down towards Yoongi’s entrance. His fingers shakily rub over his rim, fingers practically making a bigger mess between the lube and come that’s beginning to seep out of the older. The touch is gone almost as quickly as it came as Jimin’s fingertips glide back up towards Yoongi’s weeping cock, slowly gliding his now come and lube covered fingers over the shaft before he’s thumbing at the slit, dragging the precome back down to mix with the mess. “Want this,” Jimin whispers as he presses another soft kiss over Yoongi’s nipple, his hand beginning to stroke once more in time with the older’s fingers inside of himself. “Almost there, baby,” Yoongi rasps, trying to keep his mind off how fucking good the younger’s hand around his cock feels, even the slow movements have him seeing spots in his vision. Jimin only shakes his head before he nips playfully across Yoongi’s chest to his other nipple, “Want it now,” and it’s only then that Yoongi realizes that the younger is attempting to line himself up with his cock, though the older’s fingers are still inside. He finally shifts up to where he’s sitting on his knees now, using his free hand to pull Yoongi’s fingers out of him and the look he’s giving the older is nothing short of unholy, a lazy smirk tugging at the edge of his plush lips as he lines himself up and sinks down in one quick motion. The abruptness of it all causes a messy mix of a groan and a curse tear to up the older’s throat all at once as he feels Jimin’s ass seated completely against him. “You’re so good Jiminie, so fucking good-,” he tries as Jimin begins lazily rolling his hips, “Look at you fucking yourself on my cock. So fucking pretty, baby.” “Yeah?” Jimin asks coyly, “You think I’m pretty like this?” he starts working his hips a little faster as his brows pinch together. His hands glide over the expanse of Yoongi's chest, his nails digging into the skin as he leaves a trail of marks all over his pale skin.  "The most fucking beautiful thing I've ever seen," he corrects, trying not to hiss at the feeling of Jimin's nails dragging across his chest as he grips tightly in return at the younger's thighs.  Yoongi thinks he’s never looked prettier than in that moment, the way he’s holding back quiet moans with tears brimming at the edges of his eyes. He’s gliding his hands up to Yoongi’s neck where he grips briefly for a moment before he’s sliding his thumb between the older’s slightly parted lips. Yoongi doesn’t question it, just licks lightly as his thumb before sucking slowly as a soft whimper finally falls out into the air from above him. “Y-Yoongi,”  he starts, his voice completely wrecked as the tears begin to spill down his cheeks, “”M so close again,” he manages as he pulls his thumb from Yoongi’s mouth, only to return his fingertips to Yoongi's chest once more. Yoongi hadn’t even noticed that at some point Jimin’s cock had begun leaking against his own stomach as the younger rolled his hips slowly, he was too focused on the human embodiment of every fantasy he had ever had on top of him. “Aw, baby,” Yoongi coos slightly, knowing he won’t last much longer either, but he can’t help but to tease the sobbing mess on top of him, “Gonna let me see how pretty you look when you come, baby? God, you fucking spoil me, don’t you?” Jimin’s thighs are starting to shake as he’s completely giving himself over to the pleasure that’s shooting directly up his spine, “Please,”  he begins, though Yoongi can barely understand the word as it comes out in between his labored breathing. “Of course you can come, baby,” Yoongi says, though his hand is already fixed around Jimin’s cock and it only takes two simple strokes before the younger is crying out on top of him, a plethora of pleas mixed with incoherent babbles as he comes once more. He loves the exact moment he can see Jimin give himself over completely to him, even more so as he falls against the older’s chest, and Yoongi makes a mental note to add Jimin’s face whenever he’s coming to his list of things to say he’s thankful for at their little dinner they have each year to celebrate Chuseok. “So perfect,” he praises simply, giving Jimin a moment as his breathing finally steadies a bit before he’s sliding his hands up the younger’s thighs to his hips, beginning to thrust up inside of him, searching for his own release. "Yoonie, please," he's whispering against the column of the older's neck, his voice weak, "Inside, l-love when you fill me up- show me who I belong to." Jimin knows exactly how to push Yoongi's buttons because it's not even a moment later that Yoongi feels the rush of his own orgasm rack over his entire being like an audacious tide as he slows his movements and gives everything he has to offer. His hips finally stutter to a halt but he's still seeing stars as his chest heaves beneath the weight of his husband. Jimin just lays there a moment, contented sighs spilling past his lips as he nuzzles further into Yoongi’s chest and the older can only chuckle at the action, “We can’t sleep like this, baby,” he starts but Jimin only whines before the older is carefully peeling his husband off him and slowly laying him back against the mattress as he pulls out of him. “Don’t go, don’t go,” Jimin practically cries as Yoongi is starting to climb off the bed to get a washcloth from their bathroom, and though he feels disgusting between the sweat all over his own body and the mess that’s causing his own thighs to stick together, he can’t deny his husband anything. “Okay,” he breathes as he slowly brushes the bangs away from Jimin’s brow that are plastered against his forehead, “Only for a moment.” He can’t help but to admire his husband, thinks he’s more than perfect as he lays there and knows he could fall asleep like this as his entire body melts into the mattress. Jimin reaches carefully to rub his hand over Yoongi’s back before he’s rolling over and pressing a soft kiss against Yoongi’s lips. He starts with playful pecks, and Yoongi kisses back lazily, though feels like he’s about to pass out before Jimin is kissing down his cheek, towards his neck and then slowly down his back. “Where do you think you’re going?” Yoongi rasps, his voice gravelly as it so often is. “Nowhere,”  Jimin answers, his voice soft and still weak, but Yoongi can hear a thick tone of mischief wrapped within his words. Yoongi allows him to continue on, feels the way that Jimin’s hands make their way to his ass before he’s straddling his thighs, littering kisses down his spine and he doesn’t stop before he’s sneakily spreading the older open for him with his thumbs. “You really do have the cutest ass,” he comments and Yoongi only hums in response, too sleepy to argue back or question what the younger is doing until he feels his hot breath against his rim before he licks quickly over the mess with the flat of his tongue and Yoongi groans. “Fuck, baby,” he groans, torn between whether he wants to coax him on with his whines or beg him to stop because he really is so sensitive having been fucked open for the first time in a long while. But, he can’t stop him though, just moans quiet encouragements as he buries his head into the sheets before he feels Jimin’s tongue begin to slide into his entrance and with that he’s quickly pulling himself away with a hiss, but the younger allows it, only giggling quietly. “Was just cleaning you up,” Jimin defends as Yoongi shoots a scowl over his shoulder before he sits up so the younger can’t be sneaky anymore, “You taste so good,” he chirps, but Yoongi can’t help but to laugh at that. “Pretty sure what you were tasting was mostly you,” he retorts and Jimin’s cheeks flush slightly at his words. “Then I taste pretty damn good,” he’s laughing between words behind his hands before Yoongi is reaching to pull him into his arms again, finding he simply craves the younger against his skin. “Such a fucking brat. Do you feel better at least?” he asks, pressing kisses against Jimin’s sweat dampened hair as the younger sighs quietly. “Much better. Thank you, I have the best husband,” he sounds so sweet, always does, and Yoongi can feel himself falling in love with him all over again, a sheepish smile tugging at the edges of his mouth. "I think that would be me," he corrects, "I'm too fucking lucky." Jimin hums, and Yoongi can feel the way he smiles against his chest, his fingers fidgeting with the tops of his blue socks before a quiet yawn escapes his lips. That's the queue that Yoongi needs to know that if he doesn't get Jimin cleaned up soon that he will end whining in the morning over how gross he feels. As much as it pains him, he finally lays the younger back down on the mattress, doing his best to ignore the whines that fill the air as he hurries to the bathroom to clean himself up quickly before returning to Jimin whose already knocked out, his breathing steady. He cleans him up carefully, not doing the best job because he doesn't want to wake him, but he realizes he has to because their sheets are absolutely filthy now and there is no way they can sleep there. He carefully pokes Jimin's plump cheek, whispering a soothing little, "Hey baby," before the younger finally stirs.  "We can't sleep here," he says once Jimin seems awake enough and the younger only whines as he buries his face into a nearby pillow. It takes a few moments of coaxing, and bribing him with his favorite movie before Yoongi convinces him that they'll just have to sleep on the couch, to which the younger bargains, cracking an eye open. "Carry me?" Yoongi only rolls his eyes, though he's fighting back a smile because really, Jimin is too adorable and the boy knows it, "Alright, darling. You're lucky I love you so much." Jimin smiles at that as Yoongi cradles him into his arms slightly before hoisting him from the bed, already nearly losing the battle of carrying him because he's practically dead weight at the moment as he begins taking wobbly strides towards the doorway of their bedroom before the younger finally sighs, "I am lucky. Guess we both are."



Afterword


End Notes
HELLO! You made it to the end :DANYWAY, I basically wrote this because it was a gift and also I'm having mad writer's block for the second part of the Writer's Dahlia. BUT, never fear, I'll be posting the second part soon enough. I just want it to be perfect!As always, COMMENTS/KUDOS PLEASE AND THANK YOU. I'm needy. I need love and attention.You can find me on twitter HERE, maybe come love me there too uwu


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



