



Counting the Signs - Ad3ryn - osoSong san Osomatsu-san
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Counting the Signs
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/6263473.
  


Rating:
General Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Fandom:
おそ松さん | Osomatsu-san (Anime)
Relationship:
Matsuno Choromatsu & Matsuno Karamatsu, Matsuno Jyushimatsu & Matsuno Karamatsu
Character:
Matsuno Choromatsu, Matsuno Karamatsu, Matsuno Jyushimatsu
Additional Tags:
Fluff, Anxiety, Hurt/Comfort
Series:
Part 1 of
Anxious Kara
Stats:

        Published: 2016-03-16
        Words: 5158
      

Counting the Signs
by Ad3ryn
Summary
Karamatsu doesn’t always act loud and extravagant. Sometimes it takes a special brand of idiot to understand why.
Notes

          See the end of the work for  notes




Counting the Signs

               “Karamatsu, you’re tapping your foot again. Stop it already.” The brother in question glanced over at Choromatsu from where he had been staring out the window. He paused in his ministrations, heel glued to the floor with toes pointed up before he carefully replaced the ball of his foot onto the ground. Choromatsu eyed his brother irritatedly from on top of his book, steady gaze barely visible, frown set in his features. Karamatsu seemed oddly distracted today, fingers constantly carding through his hair.                “If you’re looking for something to keep you busy, go for a walk or something. Or better yet, go find a job.” To his own ears, it sounded unnecessarily harsh. Cold and brusque.                 It was rare for Choromatsu and Karamatsu to be alone in the same room – and somewhat strange, certainly. But his brother’s incessant tapping was getting on his nerves and it was cutting his patience thin.                Karamatsu blinked at his brother in surprise, smiling faintly in a meek apology. His eyebrows knit closer together than usual before he shrugged about nothing in particular, returning to staring out the window. Not a word was uttered. No overly dramatic apology, no assurance that it wouldn’t happen again – nothing at all.                Choromatsu frowned further, only now noticing that none of Karamatsu’s customary regalia accompanied him. He seemed strangely empty without it. Forlorn? It was not an appearance that he was quite so used to anymore.                Over the years, Choromatsu came to understand that Karamatsu was a man of habit. So to see him not doing the same activity for extended periods of time was almost a cause for worry. On a normal day he could clean all of his glasses, spending twenty minutes on each. Flit through a magazine, adding sticky tabs for hours; stare at his painful, embarrassing self in the mirror. Only Karamatsu could make a horribly monotonous task last hours without becoming bored.                Another couple of minutes passed in silence before the patters began anew. Kara, stuck in his own little world, didn’t even notice.                Choro neatly folded his book, marking the page… and chucked it at his brother’s head. He missed unfortunately, though the book landed against Karamatsu’s chest with a painful thwack. Kara shouted in surprise as his collarbone was hit, the momentum of the projectile knocking him off balance where he landed on his back with a shocked yelp. Choro huffed at him.                “I told you to cut it out!” Karamatsu remained on the floor, silent for several seconds before he slowly rose; fist sitting up, then standing. His signature grin was on while he gave Choromatsu a thumbs’ up; without his glasses, though, Kara’s eyes betrayed the unshed tears. His lips quivered with some sort of inconvenient emotion and Choromatsu only found his annoyance growing. The foolish crybaby of an older brother. Pulling the Todomatsu card?                Why wasn’t Choromatsu the second born, again? Or better yet, the eldest? He wasn’t nearly as pathetic – or shitty – as the older two. More reliable, too!                “I’m feeling some guitar anyway, brother! Fear not, I shall serenade you from above.” Ignoring the dejected murmur of ‘that isn’t necessary’, Karamatsu sped from the room far quicker than Choromatsu was used to. Or maybe he was just looking too much into this. Probably. This was Karamatsu, after all. His annoyance was only making him focus on the nuisance rather than on his own interests.                Any strange, socially inconvenient emotions that threatened to blossom were shoved deep into the recesses of his mind quickly and without hesitation. Choromatsu’s gaze travelled to the abandoned projectile at the other end of the room. Only after five minutes of lazy staring did he finally move to recover it, shuffling dully across the floor on his stomach until he reached his book. Reopening it to the bookmarked page, Choromatsu was more than happy to relish in the silence of the room. Without Karamatsu there to be an annoyance, time passed swiftly and before Choromatsu realized it, it was dinner time.                Dinner that night was eventful, as usual. Everyone had been seated and prepared to eat but their mother refused to feed them until Karamatsu was retrieved. Todomatsu and Osomatsu were more than willing to take Kara’s portion for him. Unfortunately, this didn’t satisfy their mother as she repeated her demand.                Yelling from the window hadn’t convinced him to come. Either that, or he didn’t hear. Eventually, Jyushimatsu went onto the roof and there were several minutes of silence before both brothers returned. Karamatsu had his glasses on indoors (painful) and he followed dutifully behind Jyushimatsu, hand gripping his brother’s uncomfortably tightly. His knuckles looked as though they’d been painted white.                Choromatsu pretended not to notice, but sometimes he would sneak a glance at his brothers from behind his food. Jyushimatsu’s right hand was occupied, so he had to eat with his left. This caused even more of a mess than usual from the hyperactive Matsuno. Rice littered the table and mushed into the floor. Hid under an assortment of asses. Karamatsu even ended up with rice in his face, though if he noticed, he said nothing.                After dinner, Totty and Osomatsu ravaged the food that Karamatsu hadn’t touched – about half his meal. No one said anything about that. No one seemed to say much about an awful lot.                Once they were ready to go to the bath house, Choromatsu once again noticed the strange silence that came from Karamatsu. He had long since disestablished contact with Jyushi, hands now occupied with the self-care items that he was to use that night.                Choro really wasn’t sure why he was noticing Karamatsu of all people now. Maybe he was just tired. Unable to focus on anything but the most curious of events. Was Karamatsu’s behavior at this point even strange? Maybe this was perfectly normal. Inconsequential, even. I’m probably looking too much into it.                It was none of his business and he really shouldn’t care. And yet he couldn’t keep from glancing at Karamatsu during their time at the bath house. Choromatsu himself was too distracted with watching his brother that he failed to register the feeling of Osomatsu prodding at his side. Oso grabbed Choro by the wrist and flapped his hand. The lethargic limb lolled about limply.                When he bit it however, Choro yelped and smacked his brother upside the head. That was enough to break the green brother out of his daze as he attacked the eldest, shoving him under the water and holding him there for several seconds before Osomatsu was finally allowed to surface, sputtering. He took the chance to spit a mouthful of water in Choromatsu’s face. From there, the six fell into their own little brand of chaos.                Night time, thankfully, was much more calm. All esotericism regarding Karamatsu’s earlier behaviours had all but left Choromatsu’s mind. Settled in bed, he tossed and turned for several minutes before he found a decent sleeping position. He frequently had trouble falling asleep, mostly due to the unconventionality of the sleeping arrangements. Osomatsu slept spread-eagle and Jyushimatsu squirmed in his sleep. Both snored.                Ichimatsu and Todomatsu both slept curled up in little balls. Lucky Karamatsu, truthfully; he was stuck between the two Matsunos who took up the least amount of room. And still had the warmth from other bodies to keep him comfortable.                Karamatsu… Choromatsu groaned as he reviewed his concerns from the day, the thought of his older brother igniting a spark of reminder.                Looks like his mind was still too active for him to actually fall asleep. Wonderful.                Choromatsu wasn’t sure why the abnormality surrounding Karamatsu’s behavior was dragging on him so much. But the more he tried to force himself not to think about it, he thought about it. Kara had been really out of it. None of his quirky, time-wasting monotonous activities. Karamatsu had gone and stared out a window with a twitchy leg, and then went onto the roof for god knows how long.                Karamatsu, who usually gravitated towards the largest brother concentration, hadn’t even made himself known until dinner. And even then he was uncharacteristically quiet, picking at his food more than eating it. He had sat unnaturally close to Jyushimatsu as well, though the yellow-clad brother seemed to pay him no mind.                Even at the bath house, until Choromatsu had been distracted by captain oblivious, Kara had seemed rather spaced out.                Was something going on?                Twice, Choromatsu had change sleeping positions Once it was because he became the little spoon for Jyushimatsu. He ended up having to turn around to shove his sleeping brother away, and simply did not have the energy to turn back around. The second change was to face Osomatsu once more, and that was only because he was extremely uncomfortable.                Once Choromatsu settled down a second time, prepared to fall asleep for sure, the futon rustled. And it was not one of Choromatsu’s direct neighbors who was getting up.                At nearest proximity, it was Todomatsu that moved. At farthest, Ichimatsu. Ichimatsu getting up in the middle of the night wasn’t uncommon, but the footfalls were a bit too heavy to belong to him. After the occupant left the room and could be heard creaking down the steps, Choromatsu could immediately tell it wasn’t Todomatsu. The green Matsuno was the night time nanny for the baby out of the brothers, always having to lead him around in the dark.                So, that only meant one person; Karamatsu.                And again, Choromatsu found that thoughts of his brother, curiosities towards today’s peculiar events included, would not leave him alone.                His belief in being capable of sleep wilted with each passing second, and eventually he was far too awake and aware to even hope of passing out. With a huff and a careful wiggle, Choromatsu pulled himself out from the middle of the futon. He donned Jyushimatsu’s slippers – after a hesitant double check to be sure he wouldn’t be mauled for such an action – and he threw his sweater over his pyjama top before he dared venture downstairs.                Perhaps Karamatsu had finally become hungry enough and went to make himself some food?                … No, that couldn’t be right. The kitchen was dark. In fact, the entire downstairs was. Only the light from the front porch was on. But it was chilly at night and Karamatsu definitely hadn’t grabbed his sweater.                The light was off earlier, though, wasn’t it? Against his honest desire, Choromatsu slid the door open a fraction. Just enough to peer through.                And there Karamatsu was; a cigarette hanging loosely on his lips, eyes trained emotionlessly to the sky. An ashtray sat next to him, a number of nicotine stubs already present. Huh. Choromatsu was half surprised that Kara wasn’t wearing sunglasses.                Wait, wasn’t Kara supposed to have been on the track to quitting? This did not look like quitting, sneaking a quick one (or five, by the looks of things) under the noses of his brothers. Karamatsu had been given the ‘cigarettes are bad for you’ talk so many times. How had it not clicked with him yet?                Choromatsu was surprised that he had yet to be noticed. He slid the door open a bit more, slowly so as not to cause much noise, and watched Kara take a long, slow drag from his cigarette. He puffed out ringlets listlessly, a sigh filtering past his lips as well.                That was not a sound that Karamatsu made often. Sighs characterized disappointment. Karamatsu wasn’t disappointed by anything, shouldn’t be – he was a disappointment to society with the rest of them.                Choromatsu was reminded of earlier, when Kara had been staring out the window with that lost expression. The same faraway look was in the blue brother’s eyes once more. It was so unsettling to see on Karamatsu’s face; lost, vacant. Kara was so visually out there; it was strange to see him being an expressional doormat.                Eventually, Choro cleared his throat and sat down next to brother. Neither sibling said anything, though a curious glance was offered in the younger’s direction. He allowed the unspoken question to roll off his shoulders, choosing not to reply rather than state the obvious.                “Couldn’t sleep, brother?” There was a strange hitch to Karamatsu’s voice; an upwards lilt not normally there. Perhaps it was because of how tense the situation was. Maybe it was because Choromatsu was so stupidly fixated on what was going on with Karamatsu, of all people – if it were anyone else it would have been a hundred times less awkward.                “You’ve been acting weird today.” There was no sense in giving an obvious answer to a pointless question. Rather, Choromatsu redirected it in the hopes of getting something out of Kara. Something to appease his own winding curiosity. To quench his desire to understand.                Kara took a long, slow drag of his cigarette instead of replying, though he hummed in acknowledgement. Rather than some long-winded speech about love and coolness and God knows what else, he mashed the stub into the ashtray and reached into the belt of his pants. Fishing out a carton, another cancer stick was pulled and lit. The carton was then placed next to the ashtray. Another long puff, and Kara exhaled the smoke through his nostrils.                Choromatsu choked and turned his head away. Kara eyed him apologetically and expelled the second drag to his right, away from his poor brother.                “I thought you were supposed to quit. You know we hate that stuff. And they really don’t make you look cool – they’re disgusting.” Kara paused, as though considering his sibling’s words, before he took another drag. Smaller, this time. He was eating through that stuff.                “They help with the nerves.” Was the short reply. What nerves? No justification, no nothing. He watched as Karamatsu placed the cigarette down and flashed his younger brother one of his thousand-watt smiles. Unfortunately, it was lackluster. It seemed that everything that made him Karamatsu had been missing that day.                Choromatsu eyed his quiet brother for a moment before he sighed and looked away. He leaned forward so that his elbows were on his knees, chin resting in his palms. He really was worried over nothing. Karamatsu was fine. Just having a late-night cigarette (or ten) like the try hard nobody he was. No big deal.                “… Sorry for bothering you. You should go back to bed, Choromatsu.” Choro raised an eyebrow, peering at his brother curiously.                “And what about you?  You must be exhausted.” Karamatsu chuckled softly, coldly, and shook his head. The second oldest was so silent that it was unsettling.                “I’m fine. There’s no need to pay any attention to me tonight, brother.” Considering this was Karamatsu, Choro expected his brother to lavish in the attention – however minor it was. As it stood however, the bags under Karamatsu’s eyes were already stating otherwise. Every word in those sentences rang as a lie. Karamatsu strived for attention constantly, so why would he say that it was unnecessary, now?                Naturally, Choromatsu called bullshit.                “You have bags under your eyes that would give Ichimatsu a run for his money. This is your – what – seventh cigarette? You didn’t eat dinner earlier. And if I go back even earlier, then –“ Helps with the nerves.                … Wow. Maybe Choromatsu was the dumb one. Too engrossed in getting over whatever annoying thoughts were plaguing him, he hadn’t considered the possible reasons behind Karamatsu’s actions. The way he seemed to move without real purpose, draw no attention to himself, devour cigarettes unhealthily quickly. He watched as one of Karamatsu’s hands wrapped around his stomach, eyebrows knitting together.                They all knew that Karamatsu had tried to quit smoking. At his worst, he was devouring a pack a day. At some point, a smoke in hand with him had become so rare that they forgot he smoked at all.                Cigarettes were made to fray nerves, though. And if Karamatsu was anxious – as was the unspoken assumption – then there was nothing better for himself than to cram nicotine down his throat, apparently. As if he couldn’t, I don’t know, talk to someone?                “You’re anxious.” There was little more than a nod of affirmation from Karamatsu, though he hummed faintly in response.                “It’s been really bad today,” Kara finally admitted, and allowed himself a small sigh; a final drag of his cigarette was expelled before he snuffed it out.                “Why didn’t you say something?”                “I’d be teased for it. I didn’t have the heart to take hate from my brothers today, I’m afraid.” Distantly, Choromatsu realized that, yes, anything that made Karamatsu vulnerable would be used as fodder to feed a fire. That was just something that everyone had come to accept. Over time, Kara became the punching bag of the brothers; likely due to his passivity and particularly impressive cranial density. Kara never showed any obvious signs about being upset with the actions of his kin, so no one bothered to ask him how he felt about it all.                               “… So you’re just going to sit and wallow in self-pity. Pretend everything’s okay, only for this to repeat. Right?” The harshness of Choromatsu’s voice caused Kara to frown pensively, before he shrugged noncommittally.                 “Maybe. Not much else I can do.”                 “Can’t you talk to mom, at least?” Eventually, Kara exhausted himself with his rebuttals and he turned farther to face Choro, gaze expressionless save for the crease along his forehead. He reached forward and patted his brother’s knee; an expression of comfort. Choromatsu frowned and swatted his hand away.                 “Shouldn’t you be doing that for yourself?” There was virtually no malice to his voice, however, and the softness of Choromatsu’s tone betrayed the intended meaning. Part of it was due to the familiarity of the action. In the rare occurrences where Choromatsu himself felt overwhelmed with the world and he openly acknowledged the hopelessness of the future, Karamatsu was usually the first brother on the scene. He would always pat his knee, hug him, squeeze his hands – simple actions that served as good grounding tools. Helped to bring Choromatsu back down to earth, from whatever higher plane of worry he settled himself on.                 Sometimes it was a premonition; the precedent to a panic attack. Karamatsu always seemed to recognize the warning signs, before even Choro himself did. Choro’s own brand of anxiety was vastly different from Kara’s, it seemed. And Choromatsu was horrible at dealing with his own issues; that fact had been proven time and time again.                 Those were one of the rare times where intimate contact between brothers was not pushed away.                 Hesitantly, he reached over and squeezed his brother’s knee, and watched Kara seize up in surprise. A hesitantly curious glance was thrown his way, and Choromatsu did his best to throw on a concerned expression. His eyes were narrowed slightly, lips pursed tightly into a sharp frown.                 “Don’t you think it’s important that someone knows?” He finally murmured. Certainly, the others would understand, right? They were all accepting of Choromatsu’s panic attacks, and he was never teased for them. It couldn’t be that hard to make them go a little easier on the second born.                 Karamatsu shrugged. He reached for another cigarette, which Choromatsu batted away.                 “No more of those! You’ll kill yourself.” Kara exhaled softly through his nose but didn’t try again, rather turning to stare at his lap. His hands clenched into his pants.                 “I can deal with these on my own.” Choromatsu snorted.                 “Obviously not. You use nicotine as a crutch, and god knows what else you do.”                 “Well, I’ve been doing real fuckin’ well on my own, haven’t I?” Kara’s voice took on a venomous tone as he spat the words rather harshly. In a way that was so beyond uncharacteristic, Choromatsu’s heart skipped a short beat. It was something he would expect to hear Ichimatsu say, not Karamatsu of all people. Nonetheless, he hadn’t turned to face Choro, still staring down at his lap, fists clenched tightly.                 Panic, along with bile, rose into Choro’s throat and he swallowed thickly. That didn’t sound okay. Not at all. It was obvious that Kara was not used to being pushed; he rarely spoke about this side of himself, if he ever did. Kara’s level of discomfort must have been through the roof.                 “J-Just because you can doesn’t mean it’s easy, right? You could-“                 “Ah! There you are… was wonderin’ where you went.” Choro froze mid-sentence and glanced at the door, where Jyushimatsu had poked his head out, rubbing one of his eyes. His voice was slurred from sleep as he yawned and moved to join his brothers. Karamatsu hurriedly shoved the ashtray to the ground and kicked it under the bench, swallowing as he was suddenly sandwiched between two of his younger brothers.                 Choromatsu glanced past Kara to peer at Jyushi. Why had the heaviest sleeper of them happened to be the one to get up? Jyushi hummed and rested his head on Karamatsu’s shoulder, reaching out to hold his older brother’s hand. Kara seemed to pause before hesitantly squeezing back. Certainly, if Jyushi found out, he would spill to the rest of their brothers. Both facts; that Kara was still smoking (rather heavily at times) and that he had anxiety.                 Now, Choromatsu wasn’t sure what to do. He watched in silence at Jyushi brought Kara’s hand to his nose, sniffing curiously. The second youngest peered up at the brother inverse in age, eyebrows knit together on his usually cheerily expressive face.                 “How many this time?”                 “Just a… couple.” Kara swallowed and shot Choro a pitiful look; one that begged him not to tell the truth. He made no indication that he understood the silent plead as Jyushimatsu hummed in understanding, calloused hands playing idly with Karamatsu’s fingers. After a few seconds, he squeezed Karamatsu’s hand in both of his, offering his brother a wide grin, ignoring Choromatsu entirely.                 Coughing, Choromatsu piped up. Considering Jyushimatsu’s question, the yellow-clad sibling must have had some idea towards Kara’s habits, right? And Karamatsu had stuttered when he replied. That was very indicative of something being shared with the two of them.                 “I counted seven cigarette stubs earlier.” He ignored the way Jyushi’s eyebrows creased the slightest, and the way Karamatsu froze, hesitantly squeezing Jyushi’s hands as an apology.                 Jyushi stood up, and sat back down so that he was on Kara’s knees, a childish pout on his features as he patted at his brother’s cheeks. He pressed into them, squeezed them, stretched them, pinched them shut. Karamatsu sat there and whined faintly, but did not move to stop his brother. He did, however, shoot a wilting look at a smug Choromatsu. Teach him to be secretive like that.                 “That’s too many! Bad! Bad, bad! Remember what I said, big brother?” Karamatsu murmured softly under his breath, flinching as Jyushimatsu pinched the baby skin on his neck.                 “Ow!”                 “Say it louder!”                 “I-I’m supposed to wake someone up! Ow, Jyushimatsu, please stop!” Jyushi huffed and pushed Karamatsu’s cheeks in until his lips puckered. Kara’s eyes shone with unshed tears, miffed as he reached up to pull Jyushi’s hands away.                 “But you didn’t do that, you should have done that!”                 “I’m sowwy! Yooshee, bleash!” Jyushi’s smile soon returned and he released Karamatsu’s cheeks, wrapping his arms around his brother in a tight embrace. Choromatsu’s chest seized up as he watched the two. It was like he was watching some sort of secretive, intimate conversation between the two. Had Jyushimatsu known?                 It was true that he had been the one to retrieve the second oldest for dinner. And Kara had been unusually close to the sunny sibling when they ate. Jyushi had seemed no different, but upon retrospection, there had definitely been something.                 Did he know? He must.                 “Thank you, Choro!” Choro blinked as he was addressed, eyeballing Jyushi who had pulled himself off of Kara’s lap, sitting back down on his side. The youngest in the company was leaning forward so he could grin at the third born with ease, the corners of his eyes crinkled. That pure, honest smile that could only belong to Jyushimatsu.                 “Eh? For what?” Jyushimatsu, expression ever unchanging, spread his arms wide and wrapped an awkwardly silent Karamatsu in a hug.                 “For taking care of our big brother! He was very lonely today!” A whine of complaint rose from deep within Karamatsu’s throat. Both brothers ignored it.                 “He can go to you, right? Right?” Choromatsu’s mouth was dry when he nodded, but he still did acquiesce. This was what he’d been trying to get across in the entirety of their time spent out here, right? That he was willing to be… something. Without stating it so directly. Choromatsu wasn’t sure what, but some part of him wanted to help, even if it was just a little bit.                 Especially now that he had been so tactfully cornered by “tactless” Jyushimatsu.                 “Yay! Reliable big brother is going to help too! Thank you!” The green brother replied by nodding stiffly.                 The pact was cemented with a group hug, courtesy of Jyushimatsu. Karamatsu seemed to lean into the embrace, exhaling shakily as his arms came up to wrap around the younger two. The hand on Choromatsu’s back was light, though, nervous.                 “Tighter! Super tight promise hug!” Jyushimatsu cheered-slash-demanded, and suddenly the hug was suffocating from all angles. Jyushimatsu and Kara, two of the strongest brothers, increased the tightness of their holds and Choro became crushed in the middle. Jyushimatsu was laughing. Chortling, even; loud and cacophonous. Whether it was from the lack of sleep or the suddenly intimate level of awkwardness, or simply because laughter was horribly contagious, both Choro and Kara had found themselves joining in on their brother’s raucous laughter. All chuckles and tight hugs. Certainly the three of them had woken the neighborhood, laughing like sleep deprived dorks at one in the morning.                 Eventually they detangled, and neither missed the tears shining in Karamatsu’s eyes. This time, Choromatsu wasn’t preoccupied with what they meant, and he didn’t mentally accuse Karamatsu of being a crybaby. Those were relieved tears, right?                 Such a wonderful thing to see, considering earlier events.                 “You will let us help, right? You’ll definitely ask us?” Karamatsu smiled and nodded, patting his brothers’ knees simultaneously. A relieved grin characteristically split Jyushimatsu’s face. He patted Karamatsu’s cheeks once more, pulling at them until the elder released a nervous chuckle. Karamatsu gripped Jyushimatsu’s hands and lowered them back down to his lap.                 “Thank you, Jyushimatsu. And you too, Choromatsu. You two are my dear brothers, and so hearing that makes me…” His voice trailed off as it wavered, and a sleeve rose to wipe at his nose. Ew. When Karamatsu removed his hand, however, his smile mirrored Jyushimatsu’s. Their differences would be uncanny if it weren’t for the fat tears dribbling down Karamatsu’s cheeks.                 “It makes me really, really happy. Thank you.” His speech had begun to slur a bit, but that wasn’t unnatural. Karamatsu always slurred like a drunk man when he had a true, deep cry. They never lasted long, and they weren’t Ichimatsu-level messy, but a fully grown man sobbing like a baby was still kind of gross.                 Choromatsu knew that his brother needed this. Tonight, especially. But God, his tears were disgusting. Smiling faintly, Choro finally pulled his sobbing brother and his grinning brother up from the bench. Kara sniffed and wiped his hand on his sleeve again. Jyushi busied himself with retrieving the abandoned ashtray.                 In silent agreement, the three of them moved back inside, flicking the outside light off as they did so. Rather than head upstairs, Jyushimatsu beelined to the living room. Like clockwork, the other two followed him. It was likely that the only reason that Choromatsu, at least, was awake was because of the contagious exuberance that Jyushi constantly displayed. It was like trying to fall asleep in the sun; didn’t happen.                 “Jyushi, aren’t you tired?” Choromatsu suppressed his own yawn as he spoke, glancing at Karamatsu who was just now wiping the last of his tears. Jyushimatsu replied with a cheery ‘nope!’, flicking the television on to some late night show before he plopped down on the ground, immediately engrossed.                 Next to sit down had been Karamatsu. After sitting down, he shuffled just a bit closer to the youngest in the room. With a tired sigh, Choromatsu plopped down next to Kara. He was not going to go to bed alone, just on the off chance that someone else was up. And Choromatsu was not going to be the one to have to explain the night’s happenings to some curious asshole upstairs.                 Surprisingly – or unsurprisingly, considering how tired he had been – Choromatsu soon slumped over, fast asleep; head on Karamatsu’s shoulder. Both Kara and Jyushi peered at him in surprise before a gentle, loving smile overtook Kara’s expression and he squeezed the sleeping Choromatsu’s hand gently. Jyushi, silent, watched the blue brother carefully adjust Choro so that the younger’s back would not betray him come morning. His head ended up resting on Karamatsu’s thigh instead, limbs curled up slightly. Without honest thought about it, Kara’s fingers began to card through the sleeping Choromatsu’s hair. Gently, so as not to rouse the third born.                 A flash of desire; with a soft whoop, Jyushi set his head on Kara’s lap, ignoring the sharp inhale from above him.                 “Comfy big brother!” He elaborated to no one in particular, and hummed happily when he felt Karamatsu’s fingers begin to sift through his hair as well. Softly, at first, before the pressure increased and it turned into a one-handed massage. Jyushimatsu’s yip of joy was enough to encourage Kara to continue his ministrations.                 At some point, Karamatsu had fallen asleep in the middle of petting his brothers. His hands remained their respective locks, slightly tangled but not impossible to get out of. Jyushi had still been wide awake up to this point, listening, thinking.                 It was only once he was absolutely certain that his big brother was okay that he allowed himself to rest.                 Come morning, Osomatsu stumbled upon a curious sight in the living room. Both Choromatsu and Jyushimatsu had sidled up closer to Kara in their sleep. Meanwhile, Karamatsu was slouched over; from where Osomatsu was staring at his back, it looked as though Kara was merely checking on his brothers. The steady movement of his inhalations and exhalations indicated otherwise, however.                 Todomatsu was called down and the family baby was instructed to take a picture. For ‘blackmail purposes’. When Ichimatsu had gone to wake them up after that, Osomatsu held him back, one hand in his pocket and the other on his little brother’s shoulder.                 “Let them sleep. We can give them all a hard time later.” Ichimatsu gave him a cold, calculating look before he shrugged and wandered off.                 Osomatsu’s gaze moved back over to his brother, lips set in a thin line as he gripped a half-empty cigarette carton in his pocket. Nonetheless, a patient smile adorned his features.



Afterword


End Notes
THIS IS SO FRUSTRATING I HAVE TO STOP BUT I CAN'T STOP... (can't stop won't stop)But this is finally a fic I did without a plan? I felt so lost writing it omg... but brotherly interactions kill me. Especially ones with Kara and Jyushi. You don't see enough of Kara with Choro though, I swear...


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



