



do as i say - fallingraine85 - Pu falsehiroakademia
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

do as i say
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/16301066.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
僕のヒーローアカデミア | Boku no Hero Academia | My Hero Academia
Relationship:
Bakugou Katsuki/Midoriya Izuku
Character:
Bakugou Katsuki, Midoriya Izuku
Additional Tags:
This is Some Smut Y'all, Aged-Up Character(s), Established Relationship, this is a sequel, Top!Katsuki (Like REALLY Top!), I Know I Said I'm Weak For Bottom!Katsuki and I am but I'm Just Weak For Katsuki in General Alright, Obedience, Payback (of Sorts), Orgasm Delay/Denial, Blow Jobs, Rimming, Anal Sex, Use of a Toy, Spanking, Anal Fingering, Katsuki has been Thinking About This AAAAAALLLLLLL Day, Izuku is a good boy, Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot, Kinky, We're all here for a good time, Hopefully You'll Have a Good Time, Look I Like Couples Who Switch it Up Okay, I Love Me Some Bottom!Katsuki AND Top!Katsuki and if that's Wrong then I'm Just Wrong A'ight, Have I Mentioned this is a Bit Kinky, Izuku no can Touchy, Semi-Bondage but not--Izuku's just Following Orders, Help I Have Fallen into KatsuDeku Hell and I can't Get Out, Katsuki Really Does NOT Play Fair, Isn't This More Encouraging than Punitive Oops, Katsuki is so WEAK for Deku and Vice Versa, Porn with Feelings, There are Always a Ton of Feelings, Pushing limits, Katsuki Just Wants to Hear Izuku Beg, Giving and Taking, Rough Sex, Remember the Days When I Wrote Cute Stuff and not Porn Because I Sure Don't, Throwing in a Tad of Domesticity Because I'm Weak for That Too
Stats:

        Published: 2018-10-15
        Words: 5620
      

do as i say
by fallingraine85
Summary
“There are a few rules tonight.”  Katsuki drawls the words—says them as slowly as he rakes his gaze over his lover’s nude body.  “I want to make sure you understand them before we begin.”
Notes
This is a sequel to Passively Aggressive (or Aggressively Passive).  It isn't necessary to read Passively Aggressive (or Aggressively Passive) in order to enjoy or understand this fic, but I highly recommend it.  
Fills the prompt "Fun with Food (or Props)".
If you need mood music, I basically listened to Panic at the Disco's "The Good, the Bad, and the Dirty" on repeat a lot while I was writing this.
Enjoy, everyone.  ;)

          See the end of the work for more notes




do as i say

It’s all Katsuki can do to make it back home from today’s shift and get through dinner with Izuku without pinning him down over the fucking table, and that says a lot, yeah, but he’s been waiting and wanting all fucking day—then again, so has Izuku.  Katsuki can tell.  Can practically smell his arousal and excitement and that only serves to heighten Katsuki’s own.
“I’ll take care of the dishes,” he says as Izuku is clearing the table.
Izuku pauses, sets the plate that he’s holding right back down on the table and closes the distance between them, pressing a hand to Katsuki’s forehead.  “Are you alright?  You have a fever?  You hate washing dishes.”
Which is true, but there’s a reason why he’s offering and not putting up a fuss about it tonight.  “I’m not sick, dammit.  Let me do the dishes, and while I’m doing that, you shower, and then I’ll shower after you.  I want you naked and waiting on the bed for me by the time I make it to the bedroom.  Got it?”
“Oh, so that’s how it is.”  Izuku waggles his eyebrows and leans in for a quick kiss.  “Can do, then.”
“Make sure you wash really well.”  Of course, he can’t help but grab a handful of that muscled ass and squeeze as Izuku retreats.
“Make sure you actually wash the dishes,” is the only response he gets before his boyfriend darts out of the room, his laughter bright and bubbling and contagious.
Katsuki takes his time washing the dishes, just like he takes his time in the shower.  Prolonging it, though frustrating as fuck, makes it better, he knows.  Wants to make sure Izuku knows, too.
Izuku is waiting for him when he enters the bedroom.  He’s sprawled on the bed and he’s naked and he’s smiling and he’s waiting.  Good.
“There are a few rules tonight.”  Katsuki drawls the words—says them as slowly as he rakes his gaze over his lover’s nude body.  “I want to make sure you understand them before we begin.”
One eyebrow arches and Izuku’s head tilts just slightly to the left.  “Do tell.”
Katsuki joins Izuku on the bed, settling in close, but he shifts away, just out of reach, when those eager hands move in to touch.  His bravado crumbles a little at the sudden look of confusion in those forest green orbs, his heart clenching almost painfully at the thought that he’s made Izuku feel rejected in some way.
In apology, he leans in to press a soft kiss to Izuku’s forehead.  In explanation, he murmurs, “You don’t get to touch.  That’s the first rule.”  He trails his fingertips along Izuku’s forearms, reaches his wrists and circles them, moving so that he can pin Izuku’s hands above his head.
“Planning on tying me up, then?”  There’s a playful lilt in his voice, just a hint of excitement pressing in around the edges of the question.
“No,” Katsuki replies as he tightens his grip just slightly before abruptly letting go.  He skims his fingers back down Izuku’s arms, pausing at certain places, tenderly stroking over old scars.  When his hands leave Izuku’s skin, he’s pleased to note that Izuku’s positioning remains the same—he doesn’t try to move his arms.  Perhaps he’s already getting the idea.  Katsuki will still spell it out for him, just so he’s perfectly clear.
It won’t do to just assume the nerd will know, even if he does.
“Handcuffs?” Izuku tries again, the question perhaps more of a suggestion.  It makes Katsuki smile, but he isn’t open to proposals tonight.
“No,” is the answer to that query as well.  “You’re going to do as I say tonight, Deku.  You’re not going to touch because I’ve told you not to.”  He straddles his lover slowly, carefully, knees on either side of his hips.  “That’s the second rule.  You’re going to obey.  Do you understand?”
Katsuki watches Izuku’s expression change—he can pinpoint the exact moment playful curiosity becomes smoldering desire; it’s like flipping a switch, light teasing transforming into dark hunger.  He’ll never get tired of surprising Deku; he’ll never get tired of watching and feeling him react.
“I understand,” Izuku answers, his voice low and velvety; he’s accepting and he’s anticipating and Katsuki will not, cannot, disappoint him.  “I’ll follow your rules, Kacchan.  I’ll do what you tell me to do.”
“Such certainty.”  Katsuki enjoys the obedience, enjoys how quickly Izuku agrees to play by his rules (not that he has much of a choice, really, but the fact that Izuku is making a show of wanting to be malleable and complacent speaks volumes to Katsuki; he’s half-hard already, but then again, so is Izuku, proving that promise and intent do quite a lot for the both of them).  “You haven’t heard the most important rule yet.”
“What’s that?” Izuku asks as he shifts, rolling his hips just so, experimentally, no doubt testing the words that have tethered him, pushing boundaries because he’s fucking Deku, and even though he has no qualms with being tractable, he has to do some form of research, has to find out through trial and error what is and is not allowed when they play like this.
Katsuki hadn’t told Izuku that he could move in such a manner, but he hadn’t told him that he couldn’t, either.  He draws the line in the sand now, knees squeezing the hips that have now fallen still.  “No,” he says, simply, and Izuku grins unashamedly before biting his lip.
Katsuki plans to abuse that mouth much differently.
“Understood,” Izuku husks, and his body relaxes beneath Katsuki’s.  
Katsuki offers a small, crooked grin and a nod.  “So… that other rule.”  He reaches between them, wrapping his fingers around Izuku’s cock and stroking him roughly until he’s fully erect.  “You can’t come until I say you can.  You can do that for me, can’t you?” 
Izuku swallows audibly.  There’s silence while he contemplates—while he actually thinks about what Katsuki has asked of him, because he’s Deku and Deku has to fucking think about everything; of course, in this instance, he probably doesn’t want to make a liar out of himself, and is considering what might happen if he does exactly that, and can’t hold out.  This whole over-thinking thing, it’s in his nature, and after all these years Katsuki has learned this well.
“Yes,” is the eventual answer, not that Katsuki would have expected anything less.  He’s issued a challenge and Izuku has risen to it, as usual.  The look of determination in his eyes, in the set of his jaw, in the way he tips his head and juts out his chin, only serves to turn Katsuki on even more.  The fact that they can push each other like this is one of the many things that Katsuki has always loved about their relationship, and he’s always loved that Izuku has seemingly instinctively known just how far to push, just how much to give and take.
Thing is, so does Katsuki.  And tonight, he’s going to take exactly what he wants, and Izuku is going to eagerly give him everything that he demands.
“I kept getting hard throughout various, inappropriate times of the day, thinking about this morning,” Katsuki admits without shame or hesitation, reaching down to touch himself, the motion of his hand unhurried.  “And thinking about what I would do to you tonight, of course.”
He loves the way Izuku’s eyes follow his hand, loves the way they fill with liquid heat—a heat that’s perfectly, utterly tangible.  “Me too,” Izuku breathes, equally without shame.  “I couldn’t wait to get home because I knew you would have something special in mind.”
Katsuki keeps stroking himself slowly, making a purposeful show of it, adding more pressure in all the right places, swiping his thumb over the head and arching into his own touch, hips bucking involuntarily.  It feels better when Izuku does it, of course, but this serves its purpose and Katsuki loves having Izuku’s eyes on him like this, like he isn’t able to look away.

Fucking.  Incredible.

“What if I told you that I’ve been considering touching myself and getting off while you’re able to do nothing but watch?” Katsuki asks, and he hisses when he deliberately tightens his grip on himself.  “What if I just decide to do that, and come on you?  Not inside you.  On.”
Izuku pouts but quickly recovers, calling Katsuki’s bluff.  “I would say it would be a shame to waste all of it, Kacchan.”  His lips part, mouth opening, and Izuku holds out his tongue as though he’s waiting for a lick—
Heat spears through Katsuki, white-hot and demanding—every bit as demanding as Deku, and isn’t it funny how, even now, when Katsuki is the one calling the shots tonight, it’s Izuku who reels him in like this; it’s Izuku who calls to him, without saying a fucking word at all.
(It’s Katsuki who obeys.)
It’s easy enough to crawl further up Izuku’s body, planting his knees near Izuku’s shoulders.  It’s a bit of a tight squeeze though, given the placement of Izuku’s arms.  “You’re gonna need to open wider than that,” he rumbles, and it’s the only warning he gives before he fists Izuku’s hair and tugs roughly, bringing that clever, tempting mouth close to his dick.
Deku quite obviously hurries to comply, to accommodate, but he doesn’t move quite quickly enough, which is evident when Katsuki feels just a hint of teeth scraping lightly along his length as he forces Izuku to take all of him in, right to the hilt, before Izuku is ready. There’s a heady rush that comes with the slight pain, and Katsuki knows he’s giving Izuku too much, too fast, but the thing is, Izuku takes it beautifully.  
Izuku’s throat relaxes and his lashes flutter as he gazes up at Katsuki; his nose is buried in the curls at the base of Katsuki’s cock, and the tip of his tongue is teasing at heated flesh.  His mouth feels so much better than Katsuki’s own hand, and it’s easy to give in to desire, easy to let the caged animal free, easy to tighten his grip on Izuku’s hair and fuck his mouth, his throat.
Izuku makes muffled sounds of pleasure around his length and the vibrations add to it all; Izuku’s eyes stay on him and that adds to it all, as well, of-fucking-course.  Izuku likes to see his face, his eyes—likes to see exactly what he’s making Katsuki feel.  Katsuki gets it; he can relate, perfectly.  Right now, for instance, he’s very much enjoying the fact that Izuku is loving what Katsuki is making him do, loving that Katsuki is forcing him to take it (open wide or else).
Katsuki loves an obedient Izuku just as much as he loves an aggressive one—loves this, right here and right now, just as much as he’d loved that little ambush before dawn (although he’d made a show of fighting it tooth and nail, protesting at every given opportunity).  He loves every aspect and every part of him; he loves every grandiose gesture and every subtle one; he loves his absolute certainty and his indecisiveness; he loves his strength and his fragility; he loves how Izuku makes him feel completely in control while simultaneously making him feel completely devoid of any control whatsoever.
(Izuku has made him find power in vulnerability, in some of the most beautiful, incredible, and sexy ways.)
He loves how everything’s changed over the years; he loves how that careful consideration that would have at one time made him feel insulted and weak now makes him feel an oftentimes overwhelming sense of fondness and adoration.  How things have changed, and how relieved Katsuki is for that.
He’s moving his hips in quick, jarring thrusts and he’s holding Izuku where he needs him, where he wants him.  He has a white-knuckled grip on his hair and Izuku is encouraging every second of it, moaning and sucking and fuck he’s incredible with his mouth—always has been.
It’s a perfect combination of heat and wetness and a sinfully skilled tongue along with the near-desperate look in those eyes that nearly makes Katsuki lose it before they’ve even properly started, and that won’t fucking do, will it?  Of course he can’t allow himself to come like this, not when it’ll just make Deku feel smug, and in some sense, superior and victorious.  No, he’d gotten enough of that this morning.  Now it is Katsuki’s turn.
He abruptly pulls back, his breathing ragged, his cock immediately missing the contact, and clearly the feeling is mutual because Izuku tries to chase after him, but Katsuki’s hand in his hair prevents him from going anywhere.
“Kacchan.”  Izuku’s voice is rough and Katsuki loves the way it sounds right now, deeper and harsher than usual.  Izuku’s obviously a little disappointed.  Good.
“You wanted me to come?” Katsuki asks once he trusts his own voice, which is gravelly and heavy with want.  
A nod.  Minute, brief.
Katsuki keeps one hand at the back of Izuku’s head and moves the other, swiping his thumb over Izuku’s bottom lip, which is red and swollen and slick with saliva.  “But that isn’t what I wanna do,” he murmurs.  “So that isn’t how this is gonna go.  You’re going to be begging me before this is over, Deku.  You’re going to be begging me to come, and you’re going to be begging me to let you come.  You understand?”
“I do.”  The affirmation is spoken on a shuddering breath and that acceptance makes Katsuki’s balls tighten.  He’s going to make this good for both of them.  By the time they’re through, both of them will be exhausted.
(He’s been thinking about this all fucking day, wanting this all fucking day, and now his fantasies are going to play out, and he’s going to watch his lover unravel slowly, and he’s going to drive them both absolutely mad but it’s going to be so fucking worth it.)
“Knew you would since you’re so fuckin’ smart,” Katsuki says as he releases his hold, knowing that if Izuku’s scalp isn’t sore now it will be later.  He repositions and it’s awkward for a second, knees and now hands having to find purchase elsewhere.  He manages well enough, though, and he leans down, sucking hard at a particularly sensitive spot on Izuku’s neck, drawing back only when he knows he’s left a mark.  He briefly admires his handiwork afterwards, noting with no small amount of satisfaction that the skin is angry and red and just faintly purplish at the center of the mark already.  It’s good for the both of them—Katsuki enjoys leaving mementos just as much as Izuku does; loves to leave visible, tangible reminders, loves to be able to see proof of the claim that he has on the man beneath him.
He continues with the marking because he can.  Because he wants to.  Because the sounds that Izuku makes with every press of his teeth and every caress of his tongue and every bit of suction are intoxicating and turn him on even more; by the time he’s worked his way down to Izuku’s thighs, Izuku’s cock is heavy and straining, pre-cum leaking, trailing down.  Katsuki is in a very similar state, his own dick throbbing, proof of his arousal dribbling onto the bedsheets and Izuku’s skin.
Izuku’s writhing beneath him by the time he’s peppered his inner thighs with biting, bruising kisses.  Like a good boy, he hasn’t broken position, hasn’t tried to touch Katsuki at all, although his hands are clutching at one of their pillows presently, needing to hold onto something.  He’s usually clinging to Katsuki by this point in some fashion, and he’s particularly fond of threading his fingers into Katsuki’s hair and just holding on.
“Keep your hips still,” Katsuki orders, and Izuku’s restless motions instantly halt save for the faintest of trembling in his thighs.
Katsuki, indulging perhaps himself even more than Izuku, dips his head down and he licks a line, beginning at Izuku’s sac and ending at the tip of his cock.  He presses just the tip of his tongue into the slit at the head and enjoys the way Izuku shudders and groans but manages to keep his hips relatively still otherwise, just as he’d been told to do.
Katsuki feels a smirk tug at his lips before he parts them, wide, just like Izuku had earlier.  He sinks down and he gradually takes Izuku in, inch by inch, until there’s nothing left to take, and then he hollows his cheeks and he really begins moving, using his tongue to heighten Izuku’s pleasure in the way that he knows Izuku loves.  
Izuku makes a strangled sound and his muscles tense with the force of his restraint—he’s being such a good, compliant boy, and so Katsuki rewards and tortures him by continuing, picking up the pace, swirling and swiping his tongue and turning his head this way and that, changing the sensations, keeping Izuku on his toes.  He does this until Izuku’s voice holds just the faintest edge of panic mixing with the pleasure.
“Kacchan!”
Katsuki slows and eventually stills, letting Izuku slide from his mouth with an obscenely wet little pop and he shifts further back, gazing down at his panting, trembling boyfriend.  “I told you that you can’t come until I say,” Katsuki tells him.  “We aren’t finished here, Deku.  I told you I would fucking have you begging.  Roll over.”
Izuku seems to want to ask why, but he wisely holds his tongue and rolls over onto his stomach.  Katsuki makes him wait a little while, tracing the curve of his spine with the tip of a finger.  He reaches Izuku’s ass and here he flattens his palm, rubbing lightly, kneading at the muscle beneath before drawing back and delivering a quick, stinging blow to one cheek and then delivering the same treatment to the other.  
Izuku makes a sound that isn’t all pain and bucks his hips into the sheets below him.  The friction must be nice, Katsuki assumes.  However.
“Hips still, until I tell you to move them,” Katsuki sharply reminds, his hand coming down again, twice more for three and four and Izuku makes another one of those startled, pleased, not-quite-hurt sounds, and it makes something low in Katsuki’s belly seize up and pull.
“What… were the first ones for?” Izuku asks.  “Just because?  Not that I’m complaining.”
“No, you aren’t, are you?”  The question is a low purr.  “And the first two were for waking me up so fuckin’ early.”  Not that Katsuki’s complaining, either—not really.  Maybe he just wanted an excuse to add a little more color to Izuku’s skin.  “Lift your hips for me now.”
Once Izuku’s ass is in the air, Katsuki presses feather-light kisses all along one cheek and then the other, letting his tongue dart out to soothe his skin.  Izuku hisses the moment he makes contact and then says his name, voice all high and reedy and Katsuki wants to hear more sounds like that, wants to drive Izuku to complete incoherency.
So, he decides he will.
He cups the center of Izuku’s backside with one hand, middle finger teasing lightly at his perineum before moving higher, pressing just so, right there, at his entrance.  He briefly circles the tight ring of muscle and he hears Izuku’s breath catch.
“Deku.  Put your head on the pillow and reach back here with both hands.  Spread yourself for me.”
Izuku looks back at him, freckled face turning tomato red for a moment.  Despite his obvious embarrassment, he acts on command, his hands grabbing his ass, fingers pulling, spreading the cheeks apart so that Katsuki has a delicious view of the places his finger had just been caressing.  
He repeats his previous motions, only with his tongue this time, and he takes it further, circling again and again until Izuku is mewling and his fingers are twitching with every pass and every miss, with every light press and subsequent retreat.  Izuku’s hips aren’t moving though, aren’t trying to press back, aren’t trying to force Katsuki’s tongue where he so clearly needs and wants it.
Katsuki supposes that deserves a reward of some sort, and so he lets lips meet skin as he presses deeper, licking into Izuku, feeling his own dick jump at every moan that wrenches itself from Izuku’s lips.  It isn’t enough, Katsuki knows, and that’s exactly the point.  But he knows it’s good, knows it makes Izuku steadily leak pre-cum; he can hear it as it hits the sheets.  
He pushes his tongue in as deep as it’ll go and it’s a slow drag out and back in again, over and over until Izuku is gasping and there’s a pleading note in his voice but it isn’t in his words yet, and so Katsuki moves away, drinking in the look on Izuku’s face, mouth open, pupils lust-blown.  Seeing him like this gives Katsuki a certain kind of high that he knows no drug could ever possibly, remotely compare to.  
Fingers now, instead of tongue, and he loves this just as much though differently, because Izuku, head turned to the side and resting on the pillow, is still watching him.  Yeah, it’s amazing like this because he gets to see Izuku’s face, gets to watch those eyes squeeze shut at the intrusion that his body is fucking begging for, even if it is just a little too much, right now.  After all, saliva can only do so much, by way of lubricant.  It’ll serve its purpose for now, though.  For his fingers, it’ll do.
“Keep your hands there,” he orders before he spits into his other palm and reaches around, grabbing Izuku’s dick and stroking, all hard and fast and rough and matching the rhythm of his fingers—the fingers that curl and press and find, and Izuku’s next sound is a near-sob.  “That’s right.  Spread yourself wide for me while I open you up.”
He adds a third, knows it’s pleasure-pain and burning friction.  Izuku’s thighs are tense and trembling and Katsuki knows he’s fighting the urge to move, knows that he wants to buck forward into his hand, knows that he wants to press back onto his fingers.  He doesn’t, though.  He doesn’t because Katsuki had told him not to move his hips.  Izuku is being so good.
He could make him come like this.  He could.  But he won’t let him, not yet.  So he pushes him, pushes him right there, right to the edge, his fingers stretching him, rubbing his prostate, his palm dragging up and down and he can feel Izuku’s cock pulsing, can feel that tight heat clenching.
So Katsuki stops.  He withdraws his fingers a little more carefully than he’d pushed them in.  He stops the stroking, too, removing his hands from Izuku’s body altogether and scooting away, reaching for the nightstand.  He’s searching for two things.  The first, he finds in the top drawer.  The second, in the bottom.  
Katsuki straightens and knee-walks back to Izuku, who’s still watching him, his breathing irregular and a sheen of sweat glistening on his skin.  He’s left waiting, wanting, yet again, and it’s not over—not yet.  Katsuki isn’t giving him permission, yet.
Izuku wants to ask for it, though.  Katsuki knows Izuku can taste the words on the tip of his tongue.  The begging.  Katsuki is pushing, though, and Izuku is pushing back in his own way.
“You’re going to want to move your hands now,” Katsuki casually informs as he turns the vibrator on.  “You’ll need to brace yourself.”
Hands fist the sheets and Katsuki runs the vibrator almost delicately up the length of Izuku’s erection and back down again, loving how helpless Izuku sounds now when he moans.  It’s an incredible thing, watching him gradually break like this.  It makes Katsuki want to abandon all of this and just fuck his brains out until they both come, until they milk each other dry, until there’s nothing left and their bodies refuse to move any more.
He does his best to ignore the want that twists painfully in his lower abdomen, in his balls.  Tries to ignore the way his cock throbs as he opens the lube and squirts a decent amount onto the toy.  He presses the blunt tip of it against Izuku’s entrance, and it’s so much less intimate than his tongue, than his fingers, but this, too, has a purpose.  He’s using this for one thing, and one thing only.
Stimulation.
He pushes the vibrator in, quick, finds that place he’d found with his fingers and Katsuki keeps the toy there, turns up the vibration, knows it’s there, hard and pressing and buzzing there, against Izuku’s prostate.  He knows it’s going to become too much and really fucking quickly, too—knows because he’s been on the receiving end of this, and Izuku isn’t the only one who learns through mimicry and repetition.  
In and out and in and in and in and Izuku is mewling with every retreat and shouting with every push inside, with every cruel brush against his prostate.  Katsuki imagines Izuku’s skin is burning and buzzing, imagines his head is swimming, imagines the words he wants to hear are just barely contained behind Izuku’s teeth.
“Please,” Izuku cries, and Katsuki raises an eyebrow and he pushes the vibrator back in and holds it there, holds it there until Izuku is shaking his head.  “Katsuki.  Katsuki, please.”
“Please, what?” Katsuki prompts, drawing the toy back, giving Izuku a nanosecond to rest before advancing again.  “Please let you come?  Please fuck you?”
“Both.”  The word is croaked and Izuku’s voice is tremulous and cracking.  “Fuck me.  Let me come.  Please, Katsuki.  Give me you.”
That’s exactly what Katsuki needs to hear, and the words are everything, everything.  They’re hot and rushing and under his skin, inside and writing and fuck yes, he wants, and so does Izuku, and it’s time to take (even though he’s really been taking this whole time, hasn’t he?).  
The vibrator is turned off and withdrawn and tossed aside and there’s more lube (it’s cool against his skin).  Katsuki hefts himself up and over, balancing himself with one hand and lining himself up with the other.  He licks a thick stripe from between Izuku’s scapula to the nape of his neck.  It’s salty-sweet on his tongue, all Izuku, all for Katsuki.   Fucking his.
“Alright,” he says, rough and sweet.  Syrup spilling onto steel.  He doesn’t know if he’s reassuring Izuku or himself or the both of them, but when he says Izuku’s name it’s painfully tender and even though he doesn’t have to go slow right now he does.  He takes his time.  He’s overly-careful and it’s a goddamn torture, that tentative press and slide.
Katsuki stops when he bottoms out, savors the feel of being fully enveloped in that tight, welcoming heat.  Izuku is saying his name, begging him to move.  His own body is screaming the same demand, and so he adjusts again, weight in his knees now, hands on Izuku’s hips.     
Now he abandons any remote resemblance of frayed resistance and releases that shattered semblance of self-control; he draws back and then drives his hips forward in the same instant he pulls Izuku closer to himself.  He slams home and it tears a ragged sound from the both of them.  That’s where the rhythm begins and Katsuki keeps it that way, fast and hard and exactly what both of them need.  But.
But.
No stuttering, just stopping, pulling out, both of them whining at the loss of contact.
“On your back,” Katsuki snarls.  “Fucking hurry, Deku.”
Izuku scrambles and flops onto his back, gasping as Katsuki grabs his hips with bruising force, positioning them both before shoving back in again and yes, Katsuki can see him better now, can see those eyes roll back and his jaw go slack and his whole body shudder.
“Yeah, Deku,” he hisses.  “Yeah.”
Katsuki pistons his hips, fucks into Izuku, shoves in deep with every single thrust and makes fucking sure to hit that spot that makes Izuku’s toes curl and makes his body tense up like a wire.  Izuku’s taught and he’s close and why shouldn’t he be, after all of that?  Fuck, so is Katsuki (and why shouldn’t he be, after all of that?).  
Izuku’s fists are rhythmically clenching and unclenching and Katsuki knows he wants to touch but that isn’t allowed, and since his own hands are busy, he decides to give Izuku permission to touch something else instead.
“Touch yourself,” is his next command and Izuku does.  Katsuki watches, mesmerized, as the fingers of Izuku’s right hand curl around his cock.  Izuku works himself over at the same pace that Katsuki’s thrusting into him, and Katsuki knows Izuku’s climbing, high and fast, and Katsuki isn’t far behind at all, the altitude making him woozy.
“Please.”  It’s a beautiful, pitiful, pained cry.  “Need to come.”  It’s urgent.  It’s the kind of thing that can’t be ignored.
Izuku is completely and utterly wrecked, and seeing him like this, well, Katsuki’s pretty fucking sure that he’s like a fucking mirror right now, his expression absolutely the same goddamn thing.  
He drives into Izuku harder, faster.  “Come now,” he urges, demands.  “Come for me.  Now.  Now.”
There is a quick, barely-there sob of what must be relief as Izuku is granted permission, and his hand pumps harder, faster, too, and he’s suddenly clenching and coming, spilling into his hand, onto his abdomen, his chest.  The spasms seem to go on for some time before Izuku finally slows and shudders, the aftershocks no doubt sweeping through him.
Katsuki has gone still, watching raptly, ignoring his own need at the moment in favor of not missing a single instant of this.
Izuku’s still clenching around him a little when green eyes blink open and meet his.  Izuku’s tongue darts out to wet his lips, and he enunciates, quite clearly:  “Please.  Come in me now, Kacchan.”
Fuck, Katsuki thinks, or maybe he says it out loud.  It doesn’t fucking matter, either way.  He feels the tell-tale rush in his cock—that forward pull, that violent throb, and he thinks he’s gonna orgasm without having to move another inch, so he growls and he shoves in, as deep as he can, and Izuku’s moaning and urging and yes, yes, there, and Katsuki is simply fucking gone, his dick pulsing almost painfully as he comes inside of Izuku, there, yes, deep (and this, too, is a claiming of sorts).  
His arms and his legs go completely dead after and Katsuki lets himself collapse on top of Izuku, lets himself rest for a moment, tells himself Izuku can handle it whilst simultaneously realizing he’s going to be a completely different kind of sore tomorrow.  Who the fuck needs to go to the gym and work out when you make love like this?
Breathing and heartbeats are staccato and their skin is slick with sweat and cum.  They’ll need another shower, as soon as their tired legs will agree to carry them to the bathroom once more.  Actually, at this point, Katsuki is more than a little tempted to just clean the both of them up with a warm, wet washcloth and to hell with the wet spot—not like it won’t fucking dry (and then be even more gross, but that isn’t the point for fuck’s sake).
“Kacchan,” Izuku eventually says, and Katsuki knows what he wants now, what he needs.
“You can touch me,” he murmurs, and delights in how quickly those arms lower and wrap around him, pulling him impossibly closer and squeezing what little breath he’s regained right out of him.  “Fuckin’ hell, Deku let me breathe, though, okay?!”
“Sorry!”  He doesn’t sound the least bit sorry as he presses kisses everywhere he can reach, from Katsuki’s sweaty hair to his sweaty face to his filthy lips, and Izuku doesn’t seem bothered by it in the slightest.  
Izuku’s tongue pushes past his lips and against his teeth and won’t take no for an answer, and so Katsuki yields to him, allowing the kiss to deepen, and it’s dirty and it’s gross but holy fuck, if he weren’t utterly spent right now, he’d be getting hard again.  Given that he is spent, however, his cock just kinda twitches uselessly and even that feels like too much.
“You’re impossible,” he says once Izuku has broken the kiss, and Izuku just snickers.
“You know,” Izuku begins, all nonchalant, tapping his index finger on his chin, “if that’s supposed to be the punishment that I get for waking you in the middle of the night cos I wanted to fuck you, that’s not exactly a deterrent, you know.  More like… an encouragement for repeat behavior.”
“You don’t say,” Katsuki replies, deadpan.  “My fucking nerd of a boyfriend is a damn genius.”
He doesn’t say, that’s the whole fucking point, but judging by the grin playing on Izuku’s lips, he doesn’t have to.
They’re a couple of demons (probably), the both of them, but the glorious thing is, they manage to keep up with each other just fine.
Both of them like surprises, after all (at least when they’re along these lines), so it’s good.  Better than.  
It really is fucking perfect, after all.
And this (this that is happening right here and right now, and this, them, together, always) is the only definition of perfect that Bakugou Katsuki will ever need – or care – to know.



Afterword


End Notes
paigetaylor, if you are reading this, I do believe you owe me your first born.  
(I kid, I kid.)
Thank you all for sticking around and reading, as always.  I appreciate each and every one of you!


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



