



dont judge a book by its - ceokjin - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

don't judge a book by its cover
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/13812210.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Kim Seokjin | Jin/Min Yoongi | Suga
Character:
Kim Seokjin | Jin, Min Yoongi | Suga, Kim Namjoon | RM, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope
Additional Tags:
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics, Alpha/Alpha, Porn With Plot, Rough Sex, its two alphas so ofc its a little rough, side namseok, oral sex and thighfucking, there is alcohol involved but no one gets drunk, it gets really soft at the end i promise
Series:
Part 1 of
two alphas walk into a bar
Stats:

        Published: 2018-02-27
        Words: 9200
      

don't judge a book by its cover
by ceokjin
Summary
yoongi thinks the cute guy he went home with from the club is an omega. it's only when the clothes have already come off that he realizes that no, they're both alphas.it's a new and unfamiliar dynamic, but is that really a problem?
Notes
i wrote this whole thing in one go because i'm a huge abo fucker and want to promote healthy communication within relationships in fics, no matter if it is new or established, kinky or vanilla.happy reading!

          See the end of the work for more notes




don't judge a book by its cover

A book shouldn’t be judged by its cover. It should be read, processed and reviewed. The cover only says so much, acting as a shallow way to grab attention from its demographic. You should at least bother reading the text at the back of it, but sometimes even that doesn’t give you a clear picture of what you’re about to plunge yourself into.Yoongi knows that to most people, the build of his book screams adjectives that don’t reflect the inside. He’s quite small in size, not tiny nor puny but more petite than he’d like. When stripped down to the bare base, he loses a lot of the things he decorates himself with in order to speak up for his personality and role in society.The clothes on his back and hairstyle decorate his book’s cover in dark and edgy colors, his multiple piercings and hand jewellery like a Rated R sign on his metaphorical DVD case. His resting bitch face and deep voice work as a nice little red bow, wrapped around the present that is himself.He might not fit the physical ideals of an alpha, but he is one nonetheless. He finds ways to make it clear to outside viewers.But sometimes when you focus too hard on the way other people perceive you, you might not take the time to examine the other works of poetry around you. You become very focused on not letting people get the wrong impression of you, so you forget to not be prejudice towards them in return.Yoongi is currently in a club, seated in a booth in which he might sit too often. The bartender even greets him by hyung nowadays, a cheeky little fucker with a smile much too bright for the dark space he works in. His hair is red, sometimes purple or green thanks to the obnoxious lights sparkling from the club’s dancefloor. He smells like a fresh glass of water with pieces of lemon soaking in it, a stark contrast to the funky and damp smell of the drunken customers around him.His name is Hoseok and he’s a beta, Yoongi deducts.Yoongi does this with people, scans them up and down and tries to guess, judges- no, examines. Presentation matters a lot to himself, so he trusts others to care about it as well for their own sakes. Besides, he’s right nine times out of ten.“Here you go, hyung.” A familiar voice interrupts Yoongi from his thoughts for a second as two shot glasses and a soju bottle clink against the booth table.The voice belongs to Yoongi’s one wrong out of ten, Namjoon. Yoongi’s colleague, fellow journalist.Namjoon is a big guy, tall and handsome. Presents himself fashionably, even if the fashion might be questionable at times. He talks big, bleeds philosophy and a promise of a worth-while literary experience. His book is sturdy, very present. So Yoongi had thought he’d met another alpha when he was first introduced to the younger man.He had been proven wrong when he found out that Namjoon had called in sick for work because of a particularly strong heat last spring. A simple “oh, okay” was all he offered the co-worker who informed him on his missing friend, but on the inside his mind was running rampant trying to think about all the signs he’d missed. There wasn’t many, but still enough for Yoongi to feel a little dumb for finding out this way.But nine out of ten is still a good record, a reliable record, a stable record.Yoongi extends out his hand to grab the shot glass, thanking his friend before the glasses are clinked together and the liquids inside them poured down, burning Yoongi’s throat in a pleasant way.“Did you see Hoseok’s new haircut?” Namjoon asks after the alcohol has settled down into his stomach.Yoongi turns his gaze towards the bar, eyeing Hoseok who is currently busy serving what seems to be three customers at once. He’s smiling at each one while his hands are effortlessly brewing up the drinks that have been ordered. But no, he doesn’t see a difference in the beta’s hairstyle.Yoongi shakes his head, humming a “nu-uh” sound.“It’s not super visible, but he definitely has an undercut now.” Namjoon explains, gesturing with one finger to his own hair as if Yoongi needed a visual reminder how an undercut works.“I’m sure he’s happy that you noticed.” Yoongi smirks, resting his head into the palm of the hand he’s got propped up on the table. Namjoon gives him a look, waving him off with a “it’s not like that”.This is a familiar little dance, them going out together after a long and hard week at the office. Yoongi isn’t a fan of getting drunk but he likes spending time with his friend. A little bit of alcohol never hurt anybody, more so it made everything a bit more funny. So when Namjoon insists, for the umpteenth time, that he isn’t crushing on the dazzling bartender, Yoongi only laughs.They talk about work, complain a little about the tight scheduling for their articles. Yoongi mostly works in event reviewing while Namjoon covers political feuds and other things that only get the elder’s blood boiling. After Yoongi complains that he’s getting a headache from thinking too much about their annoying boss and nosy co-workers, they switch the topic to more personal things.“So how was it going back home? Did your mom complain about your new tattoos?” Namjoon prods, eyeing Yoongi’s covered up sleeve where he knows the tattoos sit.Yoongi shakes his head “She didn’t even find out. I wore long-sleeved shirts the entire time I was there.” He sighs, “It would’ve only been another jab at me being less put-together than my brother. Did you know that he got engaged to that omega who used to live next door to us since we were, like, six year olds?”“Oh wow, I’m sure that didn’t come up a dozen times during your visit.”“Try fifty.” Yoongi pinches the bridge of his nose. “He’s just so normal, does everything right with not much issue at all.”“But you’re not jealous.” Namjoon remarks, it isn’t really meant to be a question since he has a good feeling that he’s right. He knows Yoongi well enough by now.The elder shakes his head, “It all seems a little too easy, a little too simple. I don’t think I can do simple.” He grabs the bottle of soju that sits on their table, filling up the empty shot glass. He clinks it against Namjoon’s still empty glass for show.Time passes, the numbers 1:30 shining on the top of his phone screen when Yoongi checks his phone while Namjoon’s in the bathroom. There’s a red bubble glaring at him on his email app icon, seducing him into checking his work email even when he knows that can only cause harm to his weekend mood. Some of them are simple memos of next week’s staff meetings and people he has to contact for upcoming events, but the most recent one turns out to be from his brother.“Why does he contact me via my work email, for crying out loud.” Yoongi sighs to himself, scrolling through the email. It’s all wedding stuff, mostly scheduling. It seems like an email that has been sent to many people, not so much directed at Yoongi personally. He groans out loud, locking his phone and stuffing it back into his pocket.He crosses his arms, the tattoos on his arms now very much visible. Thoughts about his work, family and overall stress whirl around in his head for approximately fifteen seconds before he grunts, gets up from the booth and makes his way towards the bar. He needs another drink. He’s barely tipsy, curse his incredibly high alcohol tolerance.The moment Hoseok’s eyes land on Yoongi who pushes through the sea of people to get a seat at the bar, he hollers “Grumpy alpha coming through, people. Wee woo.”“Shut up, Hoseok-ah.” Yoongi huffs, small smile tugging at his lips.He finally sits his ass down into one of the uncomfortable bar stools, quickly eyeing around him to notice that there’s only someone sitting next to his right side. He doesn’t see their face clearly, only a dangling earring in the ear facing him. The stranger is currently busy talking to someone, most likely his friend. Yoongi turns his attention back to his friend, sighing “I need a drink.”The bartender takes a look around the tens and tens of alcohol bottles stacked around him, then looks at the frustrated alpha with apologetic eyes. “Sorry, we don’t serve that here.” He jokes, now trying his absolute hardest not to let his shit-eating grin show. Yoongi flips him the bird. Hoseok only laughs, dazzling white teeth showing. “Kidding, kidding. What do you need?”Yoongi runs his hands through his hair, groaning loudly. “I don’t know. Whiskey, vodka, a fucking Blowjob.” He doesn’t notice the stranger sitting next to him turning their head slightly at his loud beg for the famously named drink.“My shift ends in three hours, you might have to wait a long time for that last one if you want it from me.” The redheaded bartender laughed. “We’re also very low on whiskey at the moment.”Before Yoongi had the opportunity to flip the bird again or return with a snarky comment, someone waves and hollers at the bartender from the other side of the long counter. Hoseok excuses himself from Yoongi’s presence as duty calls, he has to earn his paycheck after all.Now Yoongi is left stranded alone at the bar with nothing to do but wait for Hoseok to return. Namjoon might already be back from the bathroom, or maybe he found someone to blow him in the disgusting graffiti-covered stalls. Yoongi doubts it but still wishes that at least one of them would get laid tonight.He’s so tired of being the fuck-up of his family, rotting away at clubs like so many other young alphas. He hates that he’s not a very different or eye-catching book in the big library of life.In the midst of his pity-party, he almost doesn’t notice the shot glass being pushed in front of him on the counter. Yoongi lifts his head to look at the owner of the hand that offered him the drink.In life, there are books in which you drown. You get sucked in, the cover being insanely seductive and the story as good as three rounds of sex in one go. You feel lightheaded, flabbergasted and your body tingles all over because of the experience. Sometimes you only have to look at the cover of a book and you know you’re in for a good time, a mind-numbingly fan-fucking-tastic time.That’s what Yoongi feels when he finally gets a good look at the person to his right.The man is big, broad, insanely gorgeous. His eyes and haircolor are a matching deep, deep dark brown, almost akin to black. His lips look like they’ve been kissed and suckled on for hours, plump and glossy. There’s a slight pink tinge to his cheeks and ears, like a natural flush. The dangly earring still hangs in his left ear, reflecting a few sparkles onto his cheek because of the cheap disco lights blinking around them.If life were a live action film of shoujo mangas, there would be cherry petals falling around the two of them right now. It’s disgusting, but Yoongi doesn’t mind one damn bit.He thinks the lips of the stranger are moving, but he wasn’t listening. He shakes off the fluttering feeling that’s clouding his head, “What?” he repeats, loud enough so that the club’s music doesn’t eat it up.“My treat.” The stranger gestures to the shot glass, filled with something that looks like vodka.As much as Yoongi appreciates the face, body and overall cover of the stranger; he’s learned one thing from his oh so caring mother.“There’s a saying that one shouldn’t accept goods from strangers.” Yoongi remarks, resting his head against his palm while eyeing the broad man. “Who knows what you’ve slipped into this?”The man cocks his head ever so slightly, blinks in a way that looks a little forced (almost like he’s flirting by fluttering his eyelashes). But he then reaches out his hand to take back the drink, brings the glass up to his (impossibly thick) lips and downs the liquid in one smooth go.Yoongi feels his throat go dry and pants fit a little tighter. He’s almost impressed.The stranger sets down the now empty shot glass, smiling in a much too sweet manner as he shrugs. “Your loss.”It makes Yoongi huff out a laugh, it’s a little breathy thanks to how flustered he feels now that he knows the stranger really was offering him a drink. “Do you have any other offers on the table?” He asks, hoping he sounds as smooth as he wants to.The broad man leans in a little closer, sighing out such a delicious sound it makes a shiver run up and down Yoongi’s spine. “Well, it seems the bar is running low on whiskey and you just refused vodka.” He reminds the journalist, eyes landing somewhere on Yoongi’s mouth before finding their way back up to look straight into Yoongi’s own. “What was that third thing you wanted, again?”Yoongi picks up on mannerisms, he can’t help himself but to analyse others, strangers. This man smells like something of a mixture between pine and cinnamon, very earthy yet intoxicating. He’s well-dressed and very flirty, like an omega. Yoongi is not particularly picky about if he brings home women or men or anything in-between. He certainly wouldn’t mind having this man’s legs thrown over his shoulders while he claws at the sheets underneath them.“It’s a little embarrassing to say,” it’s not really, at all, “so I’d like to show you instead, if you’re willing?” Yoongi offers, one foot now grazing the stranger’s ankle, running up and down by the hem of his pants.The stranger gracefully hops up from his seat, pressing himself into Yoongi’s personal bubble. Yoongi feels the stranger’s hips press up against his leg, a promising contact. “Your place or mine?”---They settle on Yoongi’s apartment, as it turns out to be closer to the club. Yoongi only had a quick chance to run by his usual booth, informing Namjoon that he’s going to take off. Namjoon complains something about Yoongi abandoning him on a deserted island, about friendship being a social construct that Yoongi has now torn to sheds yadda yadda. He never means anything about it, so Yoongi hurries back towards the exit of the bar where the stranger should be waiting for a cab for the two of them.Yoongi walks up behind the man, sliding an arm to his waist. He’s surprised at how tiny he stranger’s waist turns out to be under the shirt he’s wearing, making him even more excited to see him without clothes. “So,” Yoongi begins, “What name do I get to moan out tonight?”A cab shows up at the same time as the stranger turns to look at Yoongi, that charming smile still plastered on his lips. “Seokjin.”Yoongi nods, testing it out on his own tongue “Seokjin.”It already tastes delicious.---They kiss the during most of the cab ride home, Seokjin’s tongue tastes like vodka and the smell of pine and cinnamon clouds the alpha’s senses. Omegas always smell so good, he thinks.Seokjin’s hand runs up and down Yoongi’s thigh, squeezing at the muscle and sometimes pushing his legs further apart ever so slightly. It’s hot, Yoongi is excited that Seokjin is excited.No longer than ten minutes later, they arrive at Yoongi’s apartment building and they scramble out of the vehicle. Yoongi quickly pays and thanks the driver, who seems a bit uncomfortable with the activities the two men were doing in the backseat. Yoongi doesn’t care, he’s a paying customer and he really, really wants to fuck Seokjin tonight. He wants to see Seokjin cry out in pure bliss from having Yoongi’s knot fill him up, wants to wreck the gorgeous man. Alpha instincts and all that crap.There’s no elevator in the building, so getting up the third floor is a bit of a task when neither one wants to stop making out or roaming their hands. Yoongi’s belt is already unbuckled by the time he manages to find his keys and unlocks the door. They stumble into the apartment, leaving behind a mess of shoes and coats as Yoongi guides them towards the bedroom.Seokjin’s hands fumble around with Yoongi’s shirt, like he can’t decide if he wants to take off Yoongi’s or his own first.The bedroom door clicks and is pushed wide open as they stumble into the room. The back of Yoongi’s legs meet the bed and he falls backwards, hitting the mattress with a soft thud. Seokjin gets to work with the alpha’s pants right away, unbuckling the belt properly and helping Yoongi shimmy out of the tight black jeans. His briefs don’t leave much to the imagination, as his half-hard cock strains against the soft material.“Someone’s excited.” Seokjin grins as he climbs on top of the bed, towering over Yoongi in the process.Yoongi brings up one of his legs, pressing his thigh between the other man’s legs, against his crotch. He feels something hard prod back at him, a whine escaping Seokjin’s mouth because of the friction. “Seems so.”Seokjin bends down to press his lips against Yoongi’s, again. The continue to move up towards the head of the bed, losing more and more clothing along the way. Neither of the bring up the topic of lube, knowing the omega’s slick will work wonders on its own.Yoongi feels his lips start to become sensitive from being abused with so many kisses, but he doesn’t want to stop. He feels like he’s swimming in a sea of pleasure already, running his hands through Seokjin’s dark hair as one of Seokjin’s tugs at his messy bleach-blonde strands.His body feels hot all over, cock now fully hard. He can’t wait to have Seokjin bouncing on his knot, slick creating a mess all over both of them and the sheets.Everything is perfect, they’re both so into it. But then the hand resting on Yoongi’s waist moves down, slips underneath the waistband of his briefs and makes its way between Yoongi’s ass cheeks. It makes Yoongi flinch and squeak, “Hey, what do you think you’re doing?”Seokjin’s hand comes to a halt, but he doesn’t pull it out from Yoongi’s underwear. He looks up at the alpha, eyebrows furrowed in confusion. “Prepping you?”“For what?” Yoongi stresses.The other man simply stared at Yoongi for a few seconds, “For… for me to be able to fuck you so that it doesn’t hurt? Or are you into pain?”“No! I meant, why are you prepping me? I’m the alpha here.”Silence falls over the room, then a wave of realization washes over them both. Seokjin pulls back his hand from Yoongi’s underwear, unsure of where he should place it now. He sits back up, putting obvious distance between him and Yoongi.He clears his throat, “I thought… I thought you were an omega.”Yoongi suddenly feels very exposed, a little vulnerable. “You’re an alpha?”Seokjin nods, the air around them suddenly much less hot. Almost cold, very uncomfortable and awkward. This isn’t what Yoongi had expected, the surprise and confusion already changing the mind of his dick.
What happens now?
Neither of them says anything, the heat of the situation clearly evaporating into thin air. Yoongi feels frozen, suddenly at loss of words and unable to move. He just wants out of the situation.“Should I… should we stop?” Seokjin asks, almost like a whisper under his breath. He continues before Yoongi has the chance to respond, “I’ll- I’ll go.”Seokjin quickly collects his clothes and fumbles with putting them back on, excusing himself from the situation and leaving Yoongi in his bed. They don’t say goodbye at the door.He feels ashamed, yes. But most of all he’s torn between his pride and his want to finish the job.The sound of the front door closing carries to his bedroom, putting a period to the sentence.Nine out of ten, he’s right. Seokjin was just the odd one out.Yoongi still doesn’t understand how Seokjin smelled so good or why he wasn’t acting as aggressive as alphas usually do when they’ve set their eyes on someone. Yoongi has been hit on by many alphas, mistaking him for an omega simply based on his size. They’re always very up-front and loud about their alpha-ness. Seokjin just didn’t give off that slimy macho vibe. Yoongi had liked that, had mistaken Seokjin for an omega mostly based on that.He sighs in frustration. He was so looking forward to the night, thinking he’d hit a jackpot.His cock still stands semi-hard, so he puts his hand to work. It’s a little sad and maybe even pathetic, but he wants to get off tonight nonetheless. He wills himself to think about some porn he’s seen, tries to imagine any of those over the top knotting kink videos some alphas and omegas put out.Somehow he still ends up imagining Seokjin’s face when he comes all over his own belly and chest.---“So, how’d it go on Saturday after you left the club?” Namjoon questions when he sits down opposite to Yoongi in the office cafeteria, pulling the older man’s attention up from the article he was reading on his phone.Suddenly Yoongi feels the wave of embarrassment hit him again. He wishes he could just forget about it, not wanting to admit that he made such a mistake in judgement. So he settles for a simple dismissive groan.Namjoon lifts one eyebrow in confusion and curiosity. “No good? Did they do something you didn’t like?”“It’s not that…” Yoongi mumbles, wishing upon a damn star that Namjoon would let it go. He fixes his eyes back onto the screen, trying to continue the article where he left off. Unfortunately, Namjoon doesn’t go away and he continues to sit there, staring a hole into Yoongi’s forehead as he waits for the elder to proceed with his answer.Eventually, Yoongi gives up and locks his phone so he can meet his co-worker’s gaze.“He turned out to be an alpha.” He confesses, feeling his ears heat up. He waits for surprise to grow on Namjoon’s face, for understanding to blossom in his stupidly smart head.“So?” is all Namjoon offers.Yoongi feels taken aback, “What do you mean so? I can’t have sex with another alpha.”“Since when has that been an impossibility?” the younger protested, now crossing his arms “Hyung, please tell me you didn’t kick him out of your bed just because neither of you wanted to take it up the ass.”The silence he receives from the other side of the table is answer enough. Suddenly Yoongi feels so stupid, but he tries to defend himself nonetheless. “I didn’t kick him out, he left.”Namjoon sighs, half in sympathy and half in frustration.“You’ve never been picky about who you bring home with you, so I’m surprised that made you freeze up. There’s a whole bunch of things you could’ve done together without penetrative sex.”“You sound like a sex ed teacher right now.” Yoongi mumbles, avoiding the younger man’s gaze like the plague. Maybe he feels a little embarrassed that he let the fun end where it ended. It’s not like he’s never gotten anyone off without shoving his dick inside them, so now it doesn’t really make sense why he didn’t simply shift his priorities. Maybe Seokjin and his overall gorgeousness threw him off his game.Namjoon shrugs off the comment, finally digging into his own lunch (which seems store-bought, thank goodness. Their office doesn’t need another fire-alarm scare courtesy of Namjoon).---Yoongi spends the next week mulling over what his friend had said. There really was a whole list of things he could’ve done besides knotting Seokjin’s ass. He could’ve sucked him off, he could’ve overstimulated him in different areas, he could’ve at least given him the best handjob of his whole damn life.But now, instead, Yoongi is stuck sitting in his office frustrated beyond belief. Frustrated because he’s angry at himself, but also frustrated because fuck if Seokjin wouldn’t have looked pretty during all of those other options.Seokjin wouldn’t have forced Yoongi into doing anything he didn’t want, he really had seemed like an honest guy just looking for a good lay. Nothing wrong with that. But something about Yoongi had still fooled Seokjin into thinking that he was an omega, and that frustrated Yoongi.He put a lot of effort into making sure people don’t make that sort of leap judgement about him. He mutilates the cover of his own book until it looks as rebellious as possible, yet people still made the mistake. It was frustrating.But then again, he had also judged and sentenced Seokjin inside his own head. He could’ve just asked, it’s not like it’s a huge taboo to have a preference. Even if it was uncommon to see two alphas or two omegas together, it wasn’t impossible. He really wasted a good night.Yoongi brings up his hands to rub his face, groaning out loud.“I’m such an idiot.”---Two weeks pass. The paperwork and work schedules feel never-ending, hogging up most of Yoongi’s waking moments. He hasn’t completely forgotten about Seokjin, but now tries to think of it as a learning moment. It’s a shame the experiment needed to be wasted on such a handsome individual. He didn’t even get to see Seokjin’s dick. A waste.By the time another Friday rolls in, he’s almost ready to beg for Namjoon to join him for a few rounds of drinks. He doesn’t beg, he asks nicely like the good hyung he is.“Can we go to Hoseok-hyung’s club? I have something I, uh, I need to give him.” Namjoon requests, fingers fiddling nervously.Yoongi cocks his head and smirks, “Your heart which holds your undying love for him?”It’s only when Namjoon visibly reddens and says nothing snarky in return that Yoongi realizes that he might’ve just hit the nail on the head, at least metaphorically. “I might need a few drinks for starters.”Yoongi gives him a thumbs up, “I’m sure we’ll find some at the club.”---Back again, two shots of soju already swimming in his system. The disco lights are still as obnoxious as always, music thumping so that Yoongi feels it lowly thrumming in his chest. He’s currently sitting in his usual booth, still ever-impressed that it always seems to be available when they arrive into the place. He’s unsure if he’s ever seen anyone else sit there.Namjoon is standing by the bar counter, face slightly flushed thanks to the courage-drinks he downed before he finally decided to make his way to Hoseok’s work station. Yoongi had wished him good luck with a celebratory toast, smiling to himself when he watched Namjoon stumble out of his seat and almost tripping twice on his way across the room. He wasn’t that drunk, he was just nervous.So now he was alone in the booth, unsure if there was much joy for him in the soju bottle sitting on the table. Namjoon was most likely leaving the club with an armful of Hoseok tonight, so there wasn’t much point in waiting for the younger journalist to come back to their table to say anything other than goodbye.None of the people who had made eye contact with Yoongi tonight had seemed like an interesting catch. There had been one muscly guy who seemed very interested in him, but it didn’t seem like a sexual interest. He’d mostly just stared at him when they were both by the bar counter, then continued walking towards wherever the rest of his friend group might be.Yoongi contemplated getting up and leaving. He could just go home, beat his meat and be done with it.“Seokjin-hyung, he was super cute! Just your type.” Comes a voice very, very close by Yoongi’s booth.“Jungkookie, you said he had tattoos and looked like he’d killed at least three alphas in his lifetime, how is that cute?” A familiar voice, Seokjin’s responds.Yoongi thinks he might’ve gone crazy, hearing voices in his head right now. Soon enough he realizes that the voices are coming from the booth behind his own. He’s surprised he can hear the conversation well enough in the sea of bass and annoying poorly produced beatdrops.“He just had this aura around him, I guess. I don’t know.” The lighter voice explains. There’s the sound of glasses clinking, they must be drinking.Yoongi has a feeling that the friend Seokjin’s with could be the same guy who stopped to stare at him by the bar. He looked like a kid, not like someone who would drink with Seokjin. Maybe he was Seokjin’s brother and he’s being taught how to drink with a chaperone present. They definitely did look alike, based on the quick glance he’d gotten of the friend and from the memories of Seokjin’s lustful face from two weeks ago. Yoongi’s imagination is running wild as he continue to eavesdrop.“He seems like trouble.” Seokjin comments, “Better just leave it be.”“Come on hyung, you told me that the last time you were here you didn’t find the guts to hit on anyone!”Had Seokjin lied about what happened that night? Seems so, because the elder had surely found the guts to charm Yoongi’s socks off. Seokjin really hadn’t seemed like the shy kind, more like the exact opposite.Another clink sound. Seokjin doesn’t respond, at least not loud enough for Yoongi to hear.“Whatever hyung, I’m gonna go look for Taehyung in the bathroom. I don’t think those vodka shots from before did him any good.”When Yoongi hears the guy get up from his seat and pass his booth without anything else but the bathroom in mind, Yoongi quickly settles back into the seat by the wall just to make himself less visible. It’d be awkward if either of those two found out he was eavesdropping.But this means that Seokjin was sitting right behind him, alone by the sound of it. Yoongi felt a voice shriek inside his head for him to do something, to apologize, to hit on him, to suck his dick so that Seokjin won’t feel bad about what happened. To do a do-over, basically.Time is ticking, reminding him that Seokjin’s friend might return to the booth at any moment. He’s gathering up his courage, trying to convince himself that he’s as badass as his cover is. He’s just about ready to stand up from his seat when Seokjin does the exact same, getting up and leaving his booth.Yoongi almost shoves himself back into and through the wall thanks to Seokjin’s sudden movement.He follows the broad figure, noticing he’s walking up to the bar to wait for one of the bartenders to serve him. Hoseok seems to have disappeared, neither is Namjoon to be seen anywhere. They’re probably making out in some corner, all disgusting and sweet like they deserve to be.Yoongi heaves himself up from his seat and makes his way towards the bar, trying to think up something smooth to open the conversation with. He feels his palms get sweaty the closer he gets to the counter, to Seokjin.It seems to surprise the black haired man quite a bit when Yoongi props up one elbow on the counter and goes, without too little or too much self-awareness “Could you please step away from the bar? You’re so hot you’re melting all the ice.”Oh God, I’m a laughingstock of all other alphas. That was the lamest thing that has ever escaped his mouth. Thank the lord that Namjoon isn’t here to laugh at him.Seokjin simply stares at him, eyebrows furrowed.“Are you serious?” he finally answers, tone very unamused. “Were you so drunk that you forgot what I looked like?”Panic rises in Yoongi’s chest, but he tries to stay cool and collected on the outer surface. “No?” is all he can offer.“Then why would you be hitting on me again?” Seokjin questions, seemingly genuinely confused and slightly overwhelmed. “You made it very clear you don’t sleep with other alphas.”Seokjin doesn’t sound angry, per say. He sounds more hurt than aggressive. Yoongi wonders if there even is a single mean bone in the man. “I’m sorry about what happened.” Yoongi frowns, truly sincere with his apology, “But I haven’t been able to stop thinking about you and I realize that I could’ve handled the situation a lot better. Life’s all about trying new things, I guess?”Seokjin’s gaze is intense, listening intently to everything Yoongi has to say.Yoongi continues, daring to step on thin ice, “So, if I were to offer you a blowjob tonight, would you accept?”He’s worried he’s made a complete fool of himself. But sometimes putting yourself out there, stripping the cover of a book bares only what really matters and grants you something better.Some amount of seconds pass as Seokjin only looks at Yoongi, processing his request. Then the broad man turns to the bartender who happens to pass by them, “Excuse me?” he speaks up, grabbing the attention of the worker, “This man here wants to buy me a drink.” Is all he says, now smiling.The bartender turns his attention to Yoongi, waiting for him to elaborate. Yoongi swallows a lump in his throat and speaks up, “One Blowjob, thanks.” He requests as he hands the guy the payment, then taking a seat next to Seokjin who is still smiling with a sparkling glint in his eyes. It doesn’t take long for the bartender to whip up the shot, finishing it with the whipped cream on top and setting it down right between the two men. He hurries off to the next customer requesting him at the other end of the counter.Seokjin grabs the drink and brings it closer to himself. Before he has the chance to drink it, Yoongi leans forward to wrap his lips around the glass, pull it from the man’s hand as he tilts his head back to down it in one go.“Oi!” Seokjin whines, laughing a little despite the absurdity of Yoongi’s actions.When the blonde man sets down the drink on the counter with his mouth, he gives even more reason for Seokjin to laugh as he has some of the whipped cream smeared on and over his top lip. Seeing the elder smiling and even chuckling prompts for Yoongi to smile as well, even if in a shy manner.Once Seokjin’s laughter dies down, he reaches out a thumb to wipe away the leftover whipped cream. A shiver runs straight from Yoongi’s spine to his dick when Seokjin brings his thumb to his mouth to lick away the substance, making an unnecessary yet not unwelcomed show with his tongue. Yoongi swallows the air in his throat.“You’re full of shit, huh?” Seokjin asks afterwards, a grin on his face and no bite to his words.“Oh, you thought I meant the drink?” Yoongi cocks his head to the side, matching the smug expression on Seokjin’s face. He leans in placing a hand on the man’s thigh, squeezing at in by the end of his next sentence, “I’m sorry, let me be clear; I want to suck your cock until your eyes roll back into your pretty head, while your fingers pull at my hair, your moans waking up my neighbours.”He feels the muscles under his hand tighten as Seokjin visibly shifts in his seat, eyes now more hooded and gaze heavy. “I dare you to try and make a mess out of me.”“I’ll take that dare.”---Their journey from the club to Yoongi’s apartment plays out very similarly to the way it did the last time, but there’s even more of a push-and-pull dynamic between them this time. It’s like they’re no longer being careful, no longer trying to keep the cover of the book in mint condition. Yoongi even tips the poor cab driver this time around.They kiss just like before, but now there’s more teeth, more biting and more growling. Instead of unbuckling Yoongi’s belt before getting through the front door, Seokjin now uses his physical strength to hoist Yoongi up to wrap his legs around the elder’s waist, pressing him against the inside of the door when they’ve gotten inside.Yoongi claws at the back of Seokjin’s head, pulling at his hair when the other alpha bites down too hard on his lips.He’s already hard, feeling the adrenaline of being challenged by another alpha course in his veins. Alpha instincts and all that crap, right?“You know where the bedroom is.” Yoongi moans between kisses, cupping Seokjin’s face as he continues to kiss him like he needs it as much as air.“So demanding.” Seokjin purrs, moving Yoongi away from the wall but still keeping the younger’s legs wrapped around his waist. Yoongi can admit that the physical strength Seokjin possesses is hot as fuck, he just won’t say it out loud.This time them falling onto the mattress isn’t as careful and gentle. As soon as they’re in the bedroom and close enough to the bed, Yoongi feels the hands on his waist push him up and off, manhandling him so that he’s thrown onto the bed. It doesn’t hurt, but Yoongi still feels like the air got knocked out of him. Maybe that’s just his dick talking.Seokjin joins him, crawling up towards Yoongi before the younger brings up a foot to press at the man’s chest, preventing him from getting any closer. “Take off your clothes.”It takes a moment before the elder backs off, as if he’s considering simply using his strength to flip Yoongi over. He cocks up an eyebrow, but eventually does take a step back and starts to strip. Yoongi knows he might not be big in size, but he has his own ways of making people melt in the palm of his hands.Once Seokjin has stripped of everything but his pants, he sneaks up to tower over Yoongi again. He leans down to kiss the other alpha, but Yoongi grabs Seokjin’s jaw to keep him in place.“I meant all your clothes.”Seokjin proceeds to bite down on the hand that has a hold of his face, not too hard but hard enough to be set free.“You don’t make all the rules here, Yoongi-chi.”What a disgusting nickname, dripping with affection and a sense of degradation. Fuck, Yoongi is so hard.This time when Seokjin leans down to kiss him, Yoongi doesn’t stop him. Hands constantly find new places to roam, to explore. After their lips become sore from the constant pressure, Seokjin moves his kisses down to Yoongi’s jaw, to his neck. He starts sucking marks onto the skin there, sometimes biting at one of his earlobes. It feels good, it feels amazing. But Yoongi feels like he’s losing the challenge here.He’s not as strong as Seokjin, but he is sneakier. Seokjin is currently keeping himself propped up by both his arms at either side of Yoongi’s shoulders, so to flip them over Yoongi only needs to knock the balance off on one of the other alpha’s arms and push up at the other side for Seokjin to roll over onto his back to the side. It manages to take the alpha by surprise, allowing Yoongi to climb on top of him in a matter of seconds.“Sneaky little shit.” Seokjin huffs out a laugh when he realizes he’s trapped under Yoongi, who is now sitting on top of his stomach.“The tent in the pants you refused to take off tell me you aren’t really too angry about that, though.”Seokjin brings up his hands to rub at the thighs that are currently trapping his body down. “Mm, a smart cookie, too.” He slips a hand under the legs of the briefs, running his fingers along Yoongi’s inner thighs, never close enough to the cock that begs for attention.It turns out that the skin on Yoongi’s inner thighs is quite sensitive, making him a little more vocal. Seokjin keeps pressing and massaging the area. Cooing at the other alpha when he bucks his hips up a little to get more.“Feel good?” he asks, pressing down his fingers a bit harder.Yoongi feels his eyelids get heavy, nodding slightly to answer Seokjin’s question.Just when it starts to get good, Seokjin bucks himself up abruptly enough for a lustful Yoongi to lose his balance and fall backwards, off the other alphas body.“What the fuck?” Yoongi growls, offended that his pleasure was interrupted. “You play dirty.”Seokjin only seems more amused at the younger’s frustration.Yoongi strips down from everything but his underwear, cursing that the air is too hot. This gives Seokjin the opportunity to admire his inked body, viewing all the artwork that decorates his skin permanently. He doesn’t know the meaning behind any of them, but he appreciates the aesthetics of it nonetheless.When Yoongi is finished stripping, Seokjin spreads his legs and gestures with a single finger for the younger alpha to come closer.He starts crawling closer, and it really shouldn’t surprise Yoongi when he feels Seokjin’s wrap his legs around his neck, trapping Yoongi’s face against his crotch in an uncomfortable headlock.“Now, why don’t you put that mouth of yours to good use, Yoongi-chi?”Again with that fucking nickname. Yoongi curses under his breath at the feeling of Seokjin’s clothed crotch being pressed up against his cheek, his obvious hard-on being presented to him like on a silver platter.Seokjin really was holding back last time, he’s a hundred percent in his element this time around. Maybe he was nervous before, maybe he was feeling self-conscious. Whatever was caging him last time, is no longer there. The fact that Yoongi tried to woo him again might have something to do with it, making it an interesting chase.Yoongi allows himself to start mouthing along the obvious bulge in the other alpha’s pants, licking it despite the material between what Yoongi really wants to taste. He mouths along it, kisses and licks at it, all the while Seokjin keeps intent watch over him. It’s only when Yoongi brings his mouth to the tip of the bulge and mouths at it that the other alpha brings his head back, moaning out a soft “fuck”.Yoongi wants more, he wants to get rid of the damn pants that are keeping him from really swallowing Seokjin’s length.“Would you take off your fucking pants already?” he grunts, obviously frustrated.The other alpha turns his gaze back towards Yoongi, a mischievous flare to his expression. The hold around Yoongi’s neck doesn’t loosen, but Seokjin brings his hands closer to his crotch, proceeding to unzip his trousers and pulling them and his underwear down just enough for his cock to be exposed. It’s uncomfortable as all hell to be trapped like this, Yoongi agrees, but being restrained in this position could be compared to the pleasure you get out of being choked if you have an asphyxiation kink. He feels trapped, yes. Can he bite Seokjin’s dick off if he really wanted to? Also yes. It’s a game with equal stakes, played by two stubborn alphas.Seokjin grabs hold of the base of his cock and guides it to rub against Yoongi’s cheek, “What were you saying about making my eyes roll back into my pretty head?”Yoongi gives the other alpha a look, telling him that he’s truly testing his patience right now. “You’re asking for bitemarks on your dick, asshole.”His threat only prompts another grin to appear on Seokjin’s face, no snarky comment thrown back at him. He only looks patient, waiting for Yoongi to eat what is offered to him.Yoongi eyes the cock for a second, a little intimidated by the size of it. Seokjin truly is built like an alpha, like an ideal alpha. The beginning of a knot is already thickening up at the base of his shaft, intimidating Yoongi’s throat a little. Yoongi is good- no, great at giving head. But he’s never sucked off another alpha before, so the thought of Seokjin knotting his throat sends a shiver through his body.Finally, he opens his mouth and guides the alpha’s cock into the wet heat. Seokjin lets out a sweet whine at the feeling, willing his hips not to move just yet.“Fuck, Yoongi-,” Seokjin breathes shakily, fingers finding their way into Yoongi’s hair, gently pulling at the damaged locks.Even if it’s difficult to move in the headlock he’s in, Yoongi slowly starts bobbing his head up and down. He has to concentrate even harder on controlling the motions of his mouth now that he can’t use his hands nor his neck a lot. He focuses on pressing his tongue flat against the veins along Seokjin’s cock, dragging the motion up and down.The fingers in his hair stay gentle, softly running along his scalp in almost affectionate ways. It’s only when Yoongi pulls of his cock far enough to focus on kissing and placing kitten licks at the red tip of Seokjin’s cock that the fingers get aggressive, pulling at his hair while filthy words spill from his lips.Yoongi feels like he’s fully in control again, despite the positions they’re in. The stretch that comes from trying to swallow the ever-growing knot at the base of Seokjin’s cock is delicious, intimidating and seductive. He wants more, he wants to know what it’s like to have an alpha knot his mouth.After a few minutes, Yoongi slows down, teases Seokjin and waits for him to start bucking his hips up and begging for more.“Yoongi, please- please don’t stop.” There it is.Yoongi continues, still too slow for the other alpha’s liking but at least it’s something. He feels the slightly bitter taste of precome coating his tongue, the knot now very thick.Seokjin’s hips don’t stop moving. It’s like he’s on autopilot; head pressing back against the pillow underneath him while his hips move up and down, up and down. Soon enough, Yoongi can relax his movements and simply let his tongue do the work as Seokjin takes care of the push and pull element.Even if neglected, Yoongi can feel his own swelling knot pressed against the mattress. He can’t do anything about it, but he is well-aware of the strain.“I’m-, I’m getting close, Yoongi,” Seokjin pants quietly, like there isn’t enough air in his lungs for him to get out sound anymore. Yoongi almost misses it, distracted by the obscene wet sounds coming from the repeated contact of cock in his mouth. He hums around Seokjin’s length, urging him on to let go.The small whines and whimpers Seokjin has been letting out quiet down the closer he gets to his orgasm, back arching from the bed and eyes really rolling into the back of his head. He falls apart when his release hits him, air escaping his lungs in a strangled cry. It’s the neediest and hottest sound Yoongi has heard in his life.He feels bad that he didn’t get to see the exact expression on Seokjin’s face as he came, but the sound is already enough to make his aching cock hurt.Giving a beta or and omega a blowjob is already quite a mouthful, but the feeling of his mouth getting stuffed to the brim with an alpha’s knot’s come is too overwhelming. Yoongi brings up a hand to pat Seokjin’s thigh, alerting him to release him from the headlock. Seokjin does as asked, and when Yoongi pulls his mouth off the thick knot, the come still spurts onto his face and then onto the alpha’s stomach that it belongs to.“Fuck, fuck fuck fuck.” Seokjin keeps wheezing softly to himself, eyes closed and hips shaking a little.Yoongi wants to coo at him, wants to praise him for being so pretty and for tasting delicious. But his own knot is begging, demanding to be taken care of.“Hey, lift your hips a little.” Yoongi urges the other alpha, feeling his heart do a little flip when Seokjin so willingly follows orders. Yoongi threads his fingers under the waistband of both Seokjin’s trousers and underwear, pulling them both off in one smooth go, fully exposing him.A whine escapes the older alpha, protesting the cold air that hits his thighs. “I know, baby. Don’t worry, I’ll warm you up.”Seokjin opens his eyes in worry, “You- you’re not gonna fuck me, are you?”The other alpha shakes his head, placing a kiss to one of Seokjin’s knees. “I wanna fuck your thighs, is that okay?”Yoongi almost chuckles at how what he said gets Seokjin’s spent knot to react, a small amount of come dripping out from the tip again. Seokjin nods a little, “Yeah, that’s okay.”Verbal consent is all Yoongi needs before he gathers up some of the come that sits on the other alpha’s soft stomach and spreads it on his inner thighs, making a wet mess. Kind of like how an omega would look like, naturally. Somehow it feels even filthier when it’s a knot’s come, being used for such a submissive reason.Yoongi coats his own cock in the same release, sighing at how lewd he feels.“Keep ‘em together tightly.” It’s not so much a suggestion as it is a command for Seokjin when Yoongi pushes his thighs together, the wet skin pressing against one another. Seokjin only nods slightly, still mentally spent from his own release.Yoongi props himself to sit up so his cock can easily slide in-between the meaty thighs, shuddering and grunting out cursewords at the feel of it. It’s not as tight as a pussy or ass, but fuck if it doesn’t feel good.“Good fucking lord.” He growls, feeling over the moon now that his neglected knot is finally given attention.He goes slow at first, enjoying the tightness and the drag from feeling his cock brush against Seokjin’s spent cock every time he pushes as far in as he can. Seokjin whines a little from the overstimulation but doesn’t ask for the other to stop or change their position.It’s so wet, so easy to fuck into. Yoongi keeps pressing the thighs tighter together with his hands, chasing the friction and cursing under his breath here and there.“Come on Yoongi, wanna see you come all over my thighs and cock.” Seokjin coos, voice still on the breathless side but the teasing tone back again.He won’t last long like this, not when he already got so aroused and his knot began growing during Seokjin’s round. There’s a familiar heat starting to pool at the pit of his stomach, begging for release. His cock hurts, his knot painful. It feels so fucking good.The noises coming from skin slapping against skin is borderline pornographic, echoing in his bedroom. Yoongi grips the meaty thighs and pants, “Gonna come, gonna come all over you, fuck-”The final straw for Yoongi is when one of Seokjin’s hands finds its way to hold onto his, wrapping their fingers together awkwardly yet affectionately. It’s almost like Seokjin’s way of urging him to come, to let the release wash all over him, to spill his knot.Yoongi comes with a choked gasp, pressing his fingers into Seokjin’s thighs with a painful pressure. It might even bruise the skin temporarily. Come spurts in rapid waves onto Seokjin’s stomach, mixing in with his own release, coating his now soft cock. It’s disgusting and Yoongi absolutely loves it.Once his knot deflates and Yoongi feels his body grow too tired to stay upright, he rolls over to lie down next to the other alpha. He throws an arm around Seokjin’s chest, wanting to avoid the pool of come on the other man’s stomach but craving physical affection. He was a cuddler, okay? The action makes Seokjin huff out a laughter, softly tracing his fingers along Yoongi’s arm.“That was nice.” The elder whispers, a little worried about breaking a glass ceiling by talking after all that.Yoongi nods, “Really nice.”It doesn’t take many minutes until they’re both lulled to sleep, ignoring how uncomfortable they’ll both feel by the time they wake up because of all the dried up come. That’s something they can worry about tomorrow, now they can simply bask in the afterglow of sex.---It is uncomfortable when they wake up in the morning, they both complain about their skin feeling crusty and overall nasty. They hop into Yoongi’s small shower together and Seokjin may or may not have sucked the younger alpha off in there, despite the crammed space.Once they’re clean, dry and ready to face each other as non-horny animals, it’s a little awkward.“So uh, would it be cool if we exchanged numbers? If you ever want to redo that or if you just want to grab a bite, or something.” Yoongi tries to act coy and aloof, truly hoping Seokjin is eager to accept the offer.Seokjin smiles, soft and bright. He looks around for a pen, finding one on a random surface in the apartment. He pops the cap open and reaches out to take Yoongi’s hand into his own, beginning to scribble down a number.“You could’ve just told me the number.” Yoongi points out, amused at the cute yet cliché gesture.“Don’t let romance die, Yoongi-chi.” The elder insists, finishing his number with a little heart at the end. He grabs his thin jacket and places a kiss to Yoongi’s cheek, “And don’t jerk off with that hand unless you want the ink to stain your dick.”It only makes Yoongi laugh, waving his now drawn-on hand to rush Seokjin out of his apartment. Seokjin mentioned something about having plans for the day, that being the only reason why Yoongi doesn’t ask him to stay around for the day.“See you.” Is the last thing Seokjin says before the door closes behind him.Soon I hope, Yoongi wishes before taking out his phone and creating a new contact, even adding the heart at the end.Yoongi may have a bit of a messy life, but normal never suited him to begin with. Seokjin might just be a new exciting chapter in his life’s book, waiting to be written.



Afterword


End Notes
i just wanted to write a oneshot which works as a reminder that sexual pleasure can be found in activities other than penetrative sex. and also because i love abo dynamics. thanks for coming to my ted talk.thank you for reading! find me on twitter @meatjin or on my nsfw acc @beatmeatjinplease leave a comment or a kudo if you enjoyed reading this!


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



