



Dont Call Me Hyung Ill - trippingyoongi - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Don't Call Me Hyung, I'll Break
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/15595107.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Min Yoongi | Suga
Character:
Min Yoongi | Suga, Jeon Jungkook, Kim Namjoon | RM, Kim Taehyung | V
Additional Tags:
Hook-Up, One Night Stands, Strangers to Lovers, Sub Min Yoongi | Suga, Sub Jeon Jungkook, Bottom Jeon Jungkook, Top Min Yoongi | Suga, Sub/Sub, Soft sex, Is that a thing, Hurt/Comfort, Insecurity, Fluff, Smut, Fluff and Smut, Cuddling & Snuggling, Pining, Angst, Fluff and Angst, And now the sex tags, Body Worship, Slight muscle kink, Blow Jobs, Rimming, Anal Sex, French Kissing, Kissing, Making Out, Nipple Play, Thighs, thigh fucking, Side Vmon, bcos i love vmon, Awkward Sexual Situations, Angst with a Happy Ending, Platonic Namgi, platonic namkook, platonic taegi, hand holding
Stats:

        Published: 2018-08-06
          Completed: 2018-09-08
          Chapters: 6/6
        Words: 31827
      

Don't Call Me Hyung, I'll Break
by trippingyoongi
Summary
One night, Yoongi and Jungkook hook up at a club. Turns out they're both not as dominant as they expected from each other. But it's just a one night stand, so they try to make it work. Just for one night.Until they meet again by accident.ORYoongi just doesn't want to fuck up but Jungkook is really cute.




I Don't Think This Will Last
Chapter Notes
HEY SO I'M BACKafter a year........... （；^ω^）Anyway enjoy this content hdnsjs I wrote you some soft smut again yayAh yes! I already wrote the whole thing, just needs some rereading, so don't worry about abandonment :))-------Some side notes for the sub/bottom dom/top thing:for those who don't know, subs can top too (and doms can bottom) so yea Yoongi's a sub who doesn't mind to top but Jungkook does. Yes.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Yoongi hated parties like these, full of too bright light and too loud music and sweaty people. Drunk people. Horny people. Unfortunately he fell in that last category. And that was also the reason why he was here. Since he had broke up with his boyfriend, he didn't really believe in love anymore. He had seen enough. But that didn't mean that he didn't miss the sex. So from time to time, he came to this club to get laid. He kinda hated that too. That he had come this far, making out with strangers just to get some dick. It was too easy. Too cheap. But despite how much he hated it, he always found himself in a club after a rough day.Looking for someone to press him into a mattress just how he liked it. Strong and big and leading.While trying not to get random limbs smashed into his face, the small man made his way through the dance floor and took place at the bar. He ordered a drink that wasn't too expensive, because this whole fucking thing was cheap anyway. “With a straw, please,” he drawled, while he shoved some of his ash-blonde hair out of his eyes.Yoongi sipped at his mixed drink and stared at the dance floor, looking for a potential hook up. He sighed when he realized that maybe, this was all too tiring. Most people here were trash. Maybe it all wasn't worth it. Sigh. Life sucked.That guy? Nah, too slutty.That one? Looks like a douchebag to me.Over there? Too drunk. Won't last.“Ever heard of global warming?” a sudden voice behind him said, making him startle. Yoongi turned around. A guy with dark hair was eyeing him, tall and not bad-looking. Okay, good-looking.“What the fuck..” Yoongi muttered, “Of course I've heard of global warming.”“Oh.” The boy seemed a little thrown off, but he recovered fast, “Well, you must be the reason of it, 'cause you're hot.”There was a moment of silence, apart from the pounding beat, although that didn't make it any less awkward.“Oh. Is that your pick-up line?” he deadpanned, seemingly uninterested, making the other one’s smug expression fade. However, there was something about this man that intrigued Yoongi. His dark hair was parted and revealed strong eyebrows, but his eyes were big and somehow childlike. He wondered how old he was, judging by his impressive biceps and height, he was old enough, probably even a little older than him. “Eh–” global-warming-guy hesitated.At that moment there was a push and suddenly the man's body was against his, warm and solid. Yoongi's eyes widened, staring at the drink in the stranger's hand, which was hovering in front of him.“I'm sorry! Someone bumped into my back–” the other said hastily while he created some distance between them again, although it was less than before. He sounded genuine. It was weird.“It's okay,” Yoongi mumbled, because this place was full of drunk people and this wasn't the first time a random stranger got pressed against him like that. He could see the boy from up close now.Yoongi had to admit it, he was his type. Tall, buff, tan, sharp jawline. Kinda macho, but not cocky. 
Bingo.
“Global warming is not the only thing that's hot here, though,” he smirked, his eyes darting to the man's arms, who seemed to gain a little more confidence now. “Wanna see something even hotter?” the other’s voice suddenly low and insinuating.Yoongi’s lips formed a slight pout as he nonchalantly traced one of his biceps. “Hmm. Maybe later, baby.” He couldn't believe the pet name left his mouth that easy, but this was all routine, part of these nights. He ignored the cringe, the memories of  other times that had been just the same. At this point, he wondered if it even meant something. “You're just here for the night?” he asked, just to be sure.“Yeah.” The guy said after a short pause. He put his glass down on the counter with a soft thud. His hands were pretty. “Well, uh, wanna dance then? Please?”The last word catched Yoongi a little of guard, because that wasn't part of usual conversations like this. “Maybe. If you tell me your name, baby.” And what the fuck, he never asked for their names. “Jungkook,” the other replied eagerly without hesitation. It was kind of cute for some reason.And Yoongi had to suppress a sigh, because, shit, since when did he ask for names? He usually didn't care, they weren’t of any use. And it made things easier, easier to forget.“Oh. Well, Jungkook, show me what you got,” Yoongi didn't mind honorifics right now. Didn't know how old he was anyway. “No. Tell me your name first.”“Wow. Demanding, aren't you, huh?” And he smiled a little, because he liked that. “Sure, call me Yoongi.”“Yoongi…” Jungkook said more to himself than to Yoongi. “You wanna dance?”“Sure.” And Yoongi tried to hide a bit of nervousness, because it had been a while since he had danced with someone, and he wasn't that impressive. Still better than most of the shitfaced people in this place, but that wasn't very hard. He took a last big sip of his drink, providing him with just enough courage, and moved to the floor. How good could this Jungkook possibly be? Turned out he was too good. From body rolls to hip thrusts, to the way his thighs moved, it was all too much, too lewd, too suggestive.“Fuck–” Yoongi cursed as Jungkook looked at him with dark eyes. His lip caught between his teeth, which was curled into a smirk. “Fuck.”“Mh? You like my moves?”“Fuck off– Yes I do.” And Jungkook smiled at that. A big smile with a surprisingly lot of teeth. Genuine. “Thanks. I like yours too. You're sexy.”Yoongi’s cheeks suddenly felt hot. Jungkook was probably just being nice, because he sucked. How was he supposed to dance properly when Jungkook’s (fucking muscular!) thighs were all over the place? Tights that made him imagine things, certain scenarios. Scenarios he wouldn't mind happening.It made him impatient, and he moved closer. Their dance became more intimate, and only a few minutes later, their bodies were grinding and their breath was hitting each others faces. Their eyes kept meeting, hot gazes.“Can I, uh, borrow a kiss?” Jungkook asked breathless. His hair was sticking to his forehead, already too sweaty. “I promise I'll give it back.”Yoongi gave him a look of unbelief, but he felt his insides stir just the slightest. “Do you only know how to talk in pick-up lines?” he drawled while licking his lips, glancing at the other’s.“Shit, no. Okay, fuck it. You wanna make out?”“Oh. You snapped,” Yoongi smirked, but he had already grabbed Jungkook's collar and was tugging him even closer, the pit in his stomach igniting. “I like that,” he whispered. Before he could even move closer, Jungkook's lips were already touching his. They were surprisingly soft, not completely what he had expected. But he liked it anyway, and pressed his lips harder against his. Slowly, his hands wrapped around the back of Jungkook's neck, which was warm and a little sweaty. Yoongi kept rolling his body to the beat, because he was into it, the heavy bass of the hip hop song playing. Jungkook's didn't seem that good at multitasking, but that didn't matter, because he was parting his lips, making the other follow. Suddenly a firm hand was around his waist and a tongue was touching his, hot and wet, sending heat to his insides. It didn't take much more for Yoongi to dive all in, slowly licking into Jungkook's mouth, a taste of alcohol and something sweet he couldn't decipher.Jungkook wasn't a bad kisser, but he felt a little inexperienced anyhow. The eager neediness and frivolity made surely up for it, though. The kiss quickly turned wet and sloppy, an exchange of saliva and tongue, taste and scent. Grabby hands. Heat.Yoongi liked where this was going. Liked the feeling, the buzz, the lustful look in the other's eyes.And maybe this was all stupid. Kissing a stranger. Hooking up. Without any commitment or real feelings or whatever. It was stupid every time. But it was so easy. So good. And they were both here for it.Love is a lie anyway.“Is- is something wrong?” Jungkook asked when Yoongi had unconsciously broken the kiss. “No,” he answered, panting while his eyes took in Jungkook's swollen, rosy lips. “Fuck, baby, you're hot.”A cocky smile spread over Jungkook's face and Yoongi would've punched him if he hadn't been that… special? He was fascinating and something in his eyes told Yoongi he wasn't as jerky as his smirk made him seem to be.“Heh. You're very hot.” He moved behind Yoongi, and they were dancing again, his crotch grazing the smaller man’s ass from time to time.It drove Yoongi crazy with impatience, and he reached his hands behind him to grab at Jungkook's ass cheeks, to pull him closer. He suddenly felt something hard press against his own butt.“Fuck, eh–” Jungkook stuttered.“Oh. You're already getting hard, baby.”“S-shit, can't we go somewhere else or something?”“I– my place is close. Let's get out of here,” Yoongi said, his voice tasting low and anticipating on his tongue.“Yeah,” Jungkook mumbled as he grabbed Yoongi's hand and dragged him over the dance floor, between all the people, to the exit.When they were outside, the cold november air hit their faces. Yoongi felt himself sober up a little, but not enough to abort the plan. Too late to run away from it all.“Ah, finally not all that noise,” Yoongi muttered, “Let’s–”He wasn't able to finish his sentence, because Jungkook pushed him against the outside wall of the club, his strong hands pressing on his shoulders, a hungry look in his eyes. Warm unsteady breath hit Yoongi's face, and he got embarrassingly aroused from it, more he’d wanted to admit.He wanted to say something witty, but why would he care to do that at this moment? His dick didn't care at all.He pulled Jungkook closer and smashed their lips together, tasting him all over again. A bit rough and messy. They made out for a couple minutes, hot, hungry touches, flashes of teeth until Jungkook pulled away for air. “Are–” Yoongi swallowed, his chest aching, “Are you gonna fuck me against the wall?”Jungkook’s eyes widened slightly. “Eh, that's a little– where's your place?” he panted.“It’s a ten minute walk. Can you do that or do you want a cab?”“No, what the fuck, it's ten minutes and I have legs.”Yoongi found himself chuckling. “Okay then, babe.” Babe.The walk was awkward and silent, the air thick of sexual tension that they couldn't resolve right now. Well, technically they could, but Yoongi’d rather prefer a bed too.“So, eh. You do this often?” Jungkook mumbled while side-eyeing Yoongi.“W-what.” He really wasn't used to this kind of questions. What the fuck. “Define 'this’ and 'often’,” he said eventually. He should’ve drank some more. Or something stronger.The taller man was silent for a second. Better. “Hooking up. Weekly?”“That's none of your business. But yeah, sometimes.” “Oh…” Jungkook was silent again. For some reason, he seemed a bit gloomy. Probably the alcohol that was starting to lose its effect.“I have soju at my place, if you’d like some later,” Yoongi mumbled. He had a feeling Jungkook needed it, so he wouldn’t talk that much. “Yeah…”When they finally arrived, Jungkook almost didn't let him lock the door, because he was all over him again. “Yah– Let me close the fucking door,” Yoongi whined, but he was smiling through the kiss, because Jungkook was so horny it was almost amusing.“Get yourself some soju, baby, it's in the kitchen.”“I’d rather go to the bedroom–” and Jungkook was whining a little too, his lip caught between his teeth as he looked at Yoongi's. It felt like someone had punched all the air out  of Yoongi's throat. “Fuck– okay,” he hissed, and he could only think about how nice those thighs would look.They stumbled into the bedroom, glued to each other, crashing on the mattress. Jungkook was hovering over him, resting on his hands and knees. Big and solid and casting a nice shadow over him.“Y-your shirt–” his hands were tugging on Yoongi's black t-shirt. “Yes,” Yoongi said, breathless, while taking of his own shirt.Jungkook's eyes grew wide and dark at the sight of Yoongi's bare, milky skin. A hungry look, with a glimpse of something else. “Wow… You're beautiful,” he breathed, the sincere admiration sounding weird and unnatural in Yoongi's ears.“W-what–” he was flustered, because he was so pale, so skimpy, not beautiful. “No. What the fuck.”Jungkook huffed. “Didn't expect you to be that shy.” “Didn't expect you to have lips that soft.” Like that was a clapback.The taller one quirked an eyebrow at him and said lips curled into a smirk. “Hehe.” He licked his lips, slow and teasing.“Fucking quit that,” the other hissed as he smacked his shoulder in the most half-assed way.“Ah–! Okay,” Jungkook grinned. And for a second, Yoongi became a little scared.  This wasn't how it was supposed to go. They talked too much. Laughed too much. And he, actually, deep down liked it. Needed it. But it scared him.He decided to focus on something else. His hands wandered under Jungkook's shirt, cold fingers on warm, tan skin. Jungkook let out a small hiss from the sensation. “Mmhn, baby. Please take your shirt off too. That's only fair,” Yoongi purred.“Yeah–” It didn't take long for them to be both shirtless. “Shit–” Yoongi traced his fingers over the lines of Jungkook's abdomen, which were as impressive as the rest of his muscular body. He almost couldn't believe such an attractive person wanted to  hook up with him. Tonight was going to be great.Jungkook suddenly clasped his arms around Yoongi's body, tight and strong, and rolled them over. It all happened in a weird, exciting haze. Yoongi was on top now, the taller one's body on full display under him.“You’re so hot, babe,” Yoongi murmured, as he ducked to place kisses on Jungkook's torso. He slipped out his tongue, to lick along the curves of his muscles, leaving wet stripes all over his skin and coaxing a stuttering moan out of Jungkook.
Fuck, he’s sensitive.
“You like this?” Yoongi teased, “My tongue on you?”“Ah– hgn–” Jungkook choked out, “Y-yes. More, p-please,” he begged. 
Begged?
“Wait,” Yoongi paused, sitting upright and taking the other in once again. “You're not– wait. I know not everyone has a preference but– are you a sub?”Jungkook’s eyes grew wide. “Yeah, of course, what did you think– oh no.”Oh no.“I– shit– I’m sorry!” Yoongi was panicking. “I– I assumed it because well… you're hella tall and muscular!” It sounded really stupid like this, so stereotypical and he felt ashamed. “You just gave me that vibe okay…. And you used a pick-up line. Twice!”“Doms don’t own pick-up lines!” Jungkook said, a bit scandalized. “You’re fucking calling me baby all the time, what do you expect me to think?”“I–” Sigh. “I didn't mean it in the literal way! It's just a fucking pet name. Everyone uses it.” What the fuck. “How old are you even?” He was doubting everything at this point.“I'm legal, just in case you're wondering,” Jungkook was starting to get irritated now. “Great!” Yoongi tried to not let his sarcasm show through, but failed. “You’re legal, at least! Let me guess? Just turned eighteen?”The other frowned. “No. Nineteen.”A snort escaped from Yoongi. “Well. Okay. Can you imagine I thought you were older than me...”“How old are you?” It was a blunt, curious question. Yoongi glanced at him for a moment before answering. He hated that they were talking this much. “Twenty-three. Baby,” he added for good measure. “Hm. You're really a babe, though. Too bad… I don’t like fucking subs.” It was a lie. In fact, he had never ended up with someone like this.“I– I can top if you want! I-I’ve never done it, but- but…” Jungkook seemed desperate, all the smoothness was suddenly gone, and his eyes were a little teary. Yoongi could tell that he felt guilty, that he didn't want to ruin the night.“Please don't,” he said. "This isn't about topping. Don't force yourself.” Jungkook's bottom lip trembled. “Don’t kick me out, please…” It felt like someone had stepped on Yoongi’s stomach, but he also was so annoyed by the whole situation. Having to take care of someone now. Sigh. Why? “I won't,” Yoongi muttered. He leaned down to place a kiss on his lips and suddenly the gesture felt too intimate now. “We'll– we’ll make this work. No one has to stuck their dick up someone's ass, except if you would like me to. I can do that..” And he meant it. Sure, he was more used to taking dick. Sure, he slightly preferred it that way. But he didn't mind the other way that much, he had done it before.Jungkook’s fingers found their way up Yoongi's spine, his breath still irregular. “I like– like to be f-filled up–” he sniffled.“Oh, well,” Yoongi felt himself smirk a little before he kissed him again. “Then it's a deal. Just– just try to command me for a bit if you can, I’m kind of clueless too.” “Okay…” The younger was eager to return the kiss, hot and messy, his hands all over the place. Places that made his mind go to other certain places. Yoongi was slowly getting more and more horny again, his dick beginning to feel uncomfortable in his tight jeans. He moved his body closer, rubbing his groin against Jungkook's leg to release some tension.Jungkook gasped and pulled Yoongi's body in. Pretty hands were feeling up Yoongi's ass, then his crotch, then playing with the rim of his jeans. “I- I want to suck you off–” Yoongi's heart skipped a beat.“Ah– sure..” He tried kick off his pants, and after a bit of struggling and Jungkook’s help, Yoongi was full naked. “Woah…” Jungkook's stares were everything but subtle and his hands were softly caressing Yoongi's small hips. “Nice…”“Baby, just hurry–” He was beginning to feel desperate already. And they had barely done something. Jungkook blushed but he listened fast and took the hard member into his hand, stroking it. Yoongi didn't expect him to suddenly take his full length int his mouth. Wet. Hot. “Fuck—” he moaned, and his hands grasped onto the closest spot of the mattress that they could find.The younger left his dick with a lick of his tongue. Too early. “You curse a lot, don't you?”“You’re making me curse,” Yoongi groaned. Why was Jungkook still talking? This wasn't okay. Maybe he would shut up if he tested how sensitive he really was. “Can’t we just–” His long fingers started to move over Jungkook's body, along his sides, his abdomen, and giving a tiny flick when they past his nipples. Already enough to make the taller boy squirm. Yoongi smirked as he shifted his weight on Jungkook's lap, trying to ignore how his dick was throbbing and needy after the half-assed blowjob. He wanted to please Jungkook first, to make him shut up, so they could get this done.He leaned down to lick at his neck, while his hands kept playing with the pink buds. “Mhnn– soft…” he muttered, as he lapped his tongue over the curves of his neck, turning Jungkook into a panting mess. His body was nice and smooth and warm, and Yoongi kind of wanted to stay there forever. His stomach made a nasty twist at the thought. 
Focus, Yoongi.
“H-hgn– hyung.. I was trying to suck you off…” Jungkook panted.
H-hyung?
“Can you please– stop talking?” he whined. I just want to fuck, so shut up. He couldn't bring up to say that last thought out loud. Not now.Jungkook shut his mouth, but softly grabbed Yoongi's hair, pulling his face closer. “H-hyuung..” he mewled, while he kissed his mouth, sucking on his tongue, messy and wet. He was definitely trying to taste something. Searching for something. Yoongi could faintly see tears glistening on the younger’s closed eyelashes. While they made out for the he-had-lost-count-th-time tonight, he went on to twist Jungkook's nipples, which were even harder than before. He broke the kiss to slick them up with his tongue. “Ah–hng–” a broken moan left Jungkook's mouth. “S-stop… I'll cum–” he sobbed. Something in Yoongi's chest ached, maybe because Jungkook was so cute. Would he really just come like this? “I'll– I'll do you properly this time, so we can— please?” the younger whined.“Yes,” Yoongi’s voice got a little stuck in his throat, making him sound breathless. He was breathless. “Please..”Jungkook's mouth was suddenly all over his lower body again, his thumbs pressing on his inner thighs, creating makeshift dimples. His tongue sliding over his belly button, downwards, and then swirling around his cock. Yoongi's thighs were trembling from the sensation, he tried to suppress it, it was embarrassing. He felt his cheeks burn and hoped the younger wouldn't see it.Of course he didn't. His head was bobbing now, each time hitting a little closer to Yoongi's tummy. Until he tried to deepthroat him. Yoongi hissed when the top of his cock hit the sudden hot end of his throat and Jungkook's gag instinct that kicked in made it even worse. The vibrations made the older see tiny stars and his hands had to grab onto something, quick. His palms found Jungkook's shoulders and his fingers squeezed around them tight, not ready to let go.“Fuck–” He was a panting sweaty mess. People didn't often make the effort to deepthroat him, not even his ex, he had completely forgotten the feeling of it. “J-Jungkook…”Jungkook responded with a moan. More vibrations. Heat was pooling in his stomach, fervently and almost painful.“Fuck fuck fuck–” Was he crying? Please, not yet.“I'll cum, I'll cum– stop, please...”Immediately, Jungkook pulled off, his fingers still resting on Yoongi's tights, trembling. “W-what? Something wrong?”“No… I’d have cummed..”Jungkook looked at the mattress, “Did- did I blow you well?”“Yeah, of course..”“Can you– am I a good boy?”Yoongi was flustered. Tripped over his words. “I– can't call you that. First of all, it–it feels weird. Second, you're not a good boy. You're a brat.”Jungkook’s eyes gave away a little hurt. “P-please?” Yoongi sighed. Ironically, he didn't like pet names, he hated babying people. “Fine,” he huffed. “Pretty boy. You're my pretty boy for tonight,” he decided with a soft stroke along Jungkook's cheek, simply because he looked so pretty.The younger cracked a shy and blushy smile, all teeth, before he seemed to remember what he was here for. “C-can we– uh, go on? Please?” He sounded needy, and Yoongi noticed Jungkook was still wearing his pants, although the hard bulge was clearly visible.“Your pants are still on,” he stated, not really with a purpose. He mindlessly hooked his fingers through the belt loops, his hands then instinctively rubbing over the clothed erection, coaxing a raspy moan out of Jungkook. “You're really hard…”“Shit, hyung. Can– can you take them off?”Yoongi paused. “Uh, well. If you want me too.” He realized he wasn't used to this, but he unzipped his jeans anyway, not sure why he was blushing. “Pretty boy…” he mumbled, while he stripped Jungkook's good-looking legs of their clothes. “Nice..” he threw a glance at the thick thighs and was hit by a mixture of awe and insecurity. Why would this guy want to spend the night with him?Jungkook's cheeks were dusted in a pretty pink, and his body was sweaty and shiny. Yoongi felt bad for staring that much, although he knew he didn't have to. Jungkook's mutual glance was dark and lustful and so was Yoongi's mind. “Ah–” the taller boy shifted on his elbows and knees, his clothed ass up in the air, in front of Yoongi, and shoved his underwear down by himself, slow and teasing, putting up a show. It somehow felt a little forced, but maybe that was just Yoongi's mind. Jungkook's butt was cute and hot at the same time. Just like his cock, which was already dripping precum on the sheets. He rested a hand on one of the cheeks, soft.Jungkook sighed at the touch, airy and vocal. His hands reached up to Yoongi's arms, placing the older’s palms on both cheeks. “P-please..?”, he whined.Yoongi wasn't sure what the other wanted, but he figured just kneading the soft buttocks wouldn't hurt. Jungkook’s voice gave away neediness and impatience. “More.. Inside?”Oh. Right.He reached lower, his face now close. With a wet, filthy sound, he licked a stripe up his rim. Jungkook choked out a loud and surprised groan. “Ngh–!”Yoongi didn't stop, spreading wetness all over Jungkook's entrance, prodding his tongue in when the rim had finally relaxed a little. A long shiver went over the other's spine, Yoongi could feel it. He went on, went deeper, wetter, encouraged by the needy and high moans that filled his bedroom, heavy and light at the same time. His one hand was cupping an asscheek, massaging the soft skin, his other one reached for Jungkook's dick. He curled his fingers around the base, squeezing, so he would last a little longer.“Aah-aaah.. I want you… Y-your dick–”Yoongi was a little surprised. “You mean– now–? Like this?”“Y-yes”“But you're not ready…”“I- I am, p-please.”He was fucking conflicted. He wanted to please the other, give him right now what he wanted. But it was too early, it would hurt too much. He knew from experience, some people who had been too rough with him, too impatient. He had hated those people. But maybe Jungkook liked it rough? Maybe he was into that? He could just ask.“Can't I– finger you a little first?“No– I'll cum.. I'll- I'll–”The younger was crying, sobbing, an uncontrollable mess. Wet and teary. It tore Yoongi up, this whole night was a mess. This was supposed to be a quick fuck, easy.“But you'll get hurt if I enter you like this– Please, let me prepare you first, just a second– don't- don't cry...” He tried to control his voice, to make it sound soothing, but he knew it still gave away something panicky. “It's not bad if you cum, I don't mind..” “O-oh…” Jungkook seemed to calm down a little. “Oh, okay–”“Do you really want to go on? You're crying,” he pointed out.“Yes! I'm just– it's nothing, I'm just nervous–”“Alright then,” Yoongi mumbled as he reached for the drawer of his nightstand, looking for a bottle of lube. His fingers were trembling, and he dropped it two times. “Okay,” he said more to himself now when he struggled to uncap the lube. Jungkook had thrown him out of his own flow and suddenly everything felt twice as hard. He successfully uncapped the bottle after some attempts and squeezed a fair amount on his fingers. “It's a little cold, don't get surprised, baby.” He added the pet name to get himself in his headspace again, but it just tasted bad in his mouth for some reason. “Sorry.”“Sorry for what?” Jungkook asked confused.“Nevermind.” He poured some lube over Jungkook's hole, making him hiss. “I told you was cold,” Yoongi would have sighed, but tonight, he didn't.“H-hyung– please…”Maybe that was it, that took him off guard. He was never called hyung during a hook-up. People didn't bother to ask his age, and even if they knew, they still wouldn't bother. They  called him babe. Or some degrading names he didn't want to think of right now.He ignored the thoughts and rubbed a wet finger over Jungkook's rim, before pushing it in, slowly.“Ah– faster!” the younger begged, and he pushed his ass up, deeper around Yoongi's finger. “More…”“Shit, okay.” He added a second finger, and Jungkook shivered. Quickly, he fingered him a couple times.“I'm ready, I'm ready! Please…” Jungkook sobbed. “Alright then..” Yoongi muttered as he felt his own anticipation grow. He spread his fingers for a last time, just to be sure.“Can– can we do it–” Jungkook rolled over, now lying on his back, “–like this? I-I want to see you...”No, never. Never look at them.Yoongi looked at him. Wet, sweaty, disheveled hair. Red eyes, still glistening. Some little pimples on his face that he hadn't noticed before. Swollen, flushed dick, which was twisting on his stomach. This was why Yoongi always preferred not to look at his hookups during sex. This was why he was going to refuse. “I– yeah..?” he barely managed to answer. Jungkook smiled a little and it was teary and happy. Yoongi felt happy for a moment too.It scared him, and he decided he at that moment that it wasn't bad to be scared for a moment. For a moment, he permitted himself to be happy and scared. Just for tonight.He spread Jungkook's legs, and placed a pillow under his butt. “Hurry, please..” the younger whined. “Fuck okay.” And he aligned himself with Jungkook's entrance and pushed in, slow but not too slow. It was tight and warm and overwhelming, causing a low moan to roll over his lips. He felt his eyes stinging with something wet.Jungkook reached his arms to grab Yoongi's shoulders, his fingers pressing hard. “Hyuuung… you feel so good..”“Ah– you too–” and he pulled out, and pushed back in with just enough force. The sensation made Jungkook stutter out a long, broken whimper, breathy and sweet. He folded his legs over Yoongi's back and pulled the older closer into his arms. “Hyung….” he cried out, shivering all over.In all brokenness, Yoongi thrusted in and out, overwhelmed by pleasure and something he didn't know. Stronger, but not as strong as Jungkook. His hands found their way to the small waistline of the other, and circled around it. Pale, big hands against tan, sweaty skin. After barely two thrusts, the younger started trembling heavily, choking out Yoongi's name, eyes shut with tears streaming over his flushed cheeks. Nails digging into Yoongi's back. Too early.Jungkook came all over his own stomach, quivering around Yoongi. He looked beautiful, his face right under his, fucked out and pretty, pleasure written over his features.“You came,” Yoongi stated after some minutes, because he came and it all sounded dumb.“I- I'm s-sorry…” Jungkook stammered between wet sobs, sounding slightly drowsy now.Yoongi was baffled. “Why? I don't mind.”Jungkook had never cried this hard during the whole night. Uncontrollable and broken, with a hint of relief. Yoongi wanted to wrap his arms around him, in some sort of consolation, but then he remembered he was still buried into the younger. He quickly pulled out, it was all so uncomfortable.“N-no, can't you come into m-me..?” Jungkook sniffled.“You’ll get overstimulated. You're fucking crying.” And maybe Yoongi's cheeks were wet too. “I'll be fine, I just jack myself off.” He wouldn't be fine. He'll never be.“I'll do it– I want to do it.”Sigh. This boy was so extreme.“You're really die-hard, aren't you?”Jungkook giggled. “Maybe.” He didn't wait for Yoongi's answer and his hands were already reaching for his cock, pumping sloppily. Because he was still recovering from his orgasm, he wasn't that efficient and it took too long.“Please…” Yoongi groaned, “Faster–” He vaguely registered how was almost sitting on Jungkook's lap now, his knees spread and his arms clutched around the younger's neck. This was normal. This was normal.He told himself.Jungkook sped up his pace, spilling precome over his hands. His touch was soft and strong at the same time, and Yoongi cried a little. Felt his cheeks stain again. He tightened his grip around Jungkook, his legs around his waist, his head buried into the taller’s chest, the pit in his stomach reaching an unbearable heat.“P-please, make me come…”Jungkook added some more pressure and Yoongi came fast and almost painful after denying it that long. Over their tummies. Trembling and sobbing in Jungkook's arms. Everything felt messy and way too intense.The younger let himself fall on his back, his arms still around Yoongi. They crashed down on the sheets, soft and sticky. Yoongi could fall asleep just like this, right on Jungkook's warm body. He sobbed a bit harder.“You're crying,” Jungkook pointed out, his breath fanning over his cheeks, only with a faint hint of playfulness.Yoongi couldn't think of something witty to throw back. He was too tired, more in an emotional way than he'd wanted to admit. This boy asked too much from him, wasn't easy, wasn't the quick fuck he'd wanted.He rubbed at his eyes. Wet. “Just–”
Get out off my bed. Get out of my room. Get out of my appartement. 

Get out of my life.
“Get out– get a shower. You're sticky,” he sighed. His legs were still curled around Jungkook's waist, and he almost whimpered when the younger peeled him off to get out of bed.At the door, Jungkook paused, staring at his feet. He looked smaller for some reason, standing in the doorframe and not hovering over his body, like he did just minutes ago.  “Thanks.”



Chapter End Notes
THANK YOU FOR READING ♡ ♡ ♡I'll try to update soon!!Don't forget to leave kudos and comments :)hmu on twitter, I'm @trippingyoongiI also drew a meme for this fic hhhhh don't hate me pls


But You're Here In My Arms
Chapter Notes
First of all, thank you so much for all the love and comments TwTIt really motivates me to edit the coming chapters and make them better and a lil longer (●´ω｀●)SO YEAh here's some more smut? fluff? kinda?? I'm sorry it's so short this time :((I PROMISE THE NEXT CHAPTER WILL BE LONGER---------Side note: the chapters titles are lyrics from Nirvana by Sam Smith!It's a nice song that reminds me of this story and I'm bad at making titles so :D

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




“Uh–” Yoongi didn't completely understand why Jungkook was thanking him. “You’re welcome?” He shrugged, while shifting the sheets so they were covering his stained, naked body. Shame already began to creep up in his mind. Shame and insecurity.Jungkook was naked too, but it was different. Jungkook was handsome. Jungkook had an admirable body. Yoongi didn't feel anything like that.He was relieved when the younger finally left the room, after an awkward silence that had lasted too long.He grabbed his phone and tried to distract himself from the tension. The questions. The emotions.The game on his phone wasn't interested enough. He switched apps and started mindlessly scrolling through his social media, not processing anything he saw. His mind kept wandering back to the shower, what was happening in the shower, who was in the shower. The warm, dim light of his night stand lamp made his eyelids suddenly feel heavy. He groaned, rubbed his face with his hands, regretted it after. Everything smelled like Jungkook. He wondered if he would still smell that like right now. Sweat and sweet. Soapy. Alcohol. He had no idea how long Jungkook had taken for the shower, time seemed timeless when he was so drowsy. What he did know was, that the other came back with damp and fresh hair, a towel around his little waist, looking younger and older at the same time. He did intrigue Yoongi. He did it from the first moment. It almost hurt a little that they hadn't met under other circumstances. A little, just for a moment. More than be wanted to admit, still.“Can– can I sleep here tonight?” Jungkook asked hesitantly.“Yeah, sure.” It was an evidence for Yoongi, he didn't want people to walk around the streets at this time alone, no matter how a good or bad fuck they had been.“Crash on my bed, or the couch, whatever you like. You can use my pajamas,” he commented, because although he didn't mind seeing Jungkook's body, the boy didn't deserve to be naked all that time. “They're in my closet.”He got up to take a shower too. The bathroom smelled a little unfamiliar, but also like soap. After two minutes, he ran out of warm water. Jungkook had used all of it. While cursing lowly, he stumbled out of the cabin to reach for a towel that would hopefully give him some warmth. At least he wasn't sticky anymore. He slipped into his patterned pyjamas, blue and grey. It looked a little dumb. But they were warm, so he didn't really care.When he entered his room again, Jungkook was already lying in his bed, under the sheets. Jungkook, who had taken all of his warmth.“So you opted for the bed.”“Yeah,” Jungkook was shy. Everything about him was different from what he had been when they met in the club.“Kay, I'll take the couch.”Jungkook's eyes grew wide. “What? But it's your bed.”“But you're in it,” Yoongi felt irritation surface. He just wanted to sleep, but in some way, he constantly ended up holding long, pointless conversations with this guy. “I thought we’d share...”Share.“It's a one person bed,” he tried. For some reason he was scared to lie the whole night next to him, to feel his warmth.Jungkook fumbled with the sheets, “I can shift, you get the big side.”Sigh. This boy was shy but he clearly knew what he wanted. And he could get it.“Okay. I guess.”Was it okay? He had done it before, right? Lying in a stranger's arms after he was too tired to do anything. Too tired to give a shit.Jungkook was warm indeed. And he smelled like soap and shampoo. His own shampoo. He turned around and looked at Yoongi's face. A smile shaped his features, lazy and giddy.Yoongi averted his eyes, finding it hard to face something so pure and beautiful. “You're not wearing pyjamas,” he stated, as he dumbly realized it.The younger flushed slightly, “I like sleeping naked.”“Okay,” Yoongi only cursed a little in his mind and just pulled him closer, because he knew Jungkook's tall, bare body was almost sliding off the bed. “Let's both lie in the middle. Don't fall off,” he drawled. His skin. Soft.“Kay.” The younger's breath hit his face, hot and smelling like something sweet. Strawberries. And something else. A very specific scent. “Are you chewing gum? In bed?” Yoongi would have sounded baffled if he wasn't that weary.“Maybe.”The older let out something that was supposed to be a mocking laugh. “Don't choke on it.”“I won't.”Jungkook threw his left arm and leg around Yoongi's body, moving even closer. “You wanna taste it?”“Fuck, you're nasty.”The younger's expression darkened slightly. “Oh. Your tongue was up my ass like, an hour ago, though. But where's the bin then?”“On my side of the bed.”“Okay.” Jungkook lifted the sheets to get out and a wave of cold air hit Yoongi's body. 
Come back, come back, come back.
He stopped Jungkook and pulled him back in. “You know what? I'll throw your gum.”
Dumb.
He pressed his lips on the other's. Dumb. “Hyung–!” Jungkook's voice got muffled but turned into a small, pleading moan. He opened his mouth at the noise and so did Yoongi, who pushed his tongue in. Dumb. Wetter and warmer than anything of his body and this was dirty. And dumb. The kiss was open mouthed and sloppy, and tasted like strawberries. When Yoongi's teeth caught the gum, he broke the kiss. He could vaguely feel something wet run down his chin. He swiped it off with the back of his hand, while he aimed for the trash can, and spit the gum into it.Fuck. He was almost hard again. Jungkook's limbs were all over him, plus he was too naked. Actually, just plain naked. Somehow Yoongi's pyjama pants ended up on Jungkook's legs after a few minutes of insisting and pouting of the older boy. His shirt was enough to cover the necessary, anyway.“Hyung, are you horny?” Shit. He swallowed. Tried to control his breath.“No–” he snapped, “Let's just sleep.”But Jungkook's hand was already caressing Yoongi's hips, moving down under his pyjama shirt, folding his fingers teasingly around the hardening erection. “I am too,” he whispered against Yoongi's ear. A shiver went through his spine, long and not forecasting any good. He wanted to cry a little. Not now, not again.
Just go to sleep.
But it felt so good. But he was too tired to do it all over again. Plus all the hassle of cleaning up after. 
But he feels so nice. You'll never feel him again.
Yoongi broke at the thought, and he gave in. Felt like a stupid teen who couldn't control his hormones, but he still gave in.A choked up sound left his lips, maybe a sob. “Just– just keep it short, please..”“Hyung,” Jungkook's voice was always so light and breathy. Like a cage of butterflies. No, an open cage of butterflies. Maybe just butterflies.So pretty.A wet touch against his neck, Jungkook’s tongue was warm and soft against his skin. He gasped at the sensation, blood rushing to his lower body. Heat. So much heat. The kiss became stingy, he stretched his neck, heavily breathing. He sweared Jungkook could almost taste his pulse at this point. “Y-you would keep it short…” he hopelessly tried as he reached for his cock, because Jungkook wasn’t doing anything there. Maybe he really couldn’t multitask. His fingers brushed over the younger’s and he suddenly felt so embarrassed. He hid his face in the pillows, wanting to disappear, to feel nothing. But he also wanted to feel to the fullest.Jungkook moves his lips away from his neck, soft kisses wandered over his shoulder blade, asking. “Eat– eat me out,” Yoongi stammered, “If you'd like to, you can eat me out.”“Your ass?” He couldn't see Jungkook right now, but the breathing against his back made him feel comfortable. Warm. “Yeah.”“Oh.” Jungkook disappeared under the duvet, and too soon, Yoongi felt finger tips pressing against his buttcheeks and something wet up his ass. Shit, he was growing harder, and the younger could feel it in his palm. Two hands spread his legs now, so he had to lie on his tummy. The wetness spread quickly, went deeper, hotter. To places of which he couldn't remember tongues could reach. Heat started pooling in his insides, hard to bear. He needed it so bad, to be touched everywhere. He was squirming under him, rubbing his erection over the mattress, desperately seeking for the right friction. Too much and not enough. A deep moan escaped from his lips, followed a few gaspy sobs.“Ah– more–” he pleaded as he was reaching behind him, and found Jungkook's hair. His hand pulled a little, hesitantly. “Go on, I like it,” the younger sounded muffled from behind him. Fingertips in his ass cheeks, firm. Always so firm.Yoongi pulled a bit harder, and it made him feel better, he needed it, needed to hold on something. The pit in his stomach was building up as Jungkook went deeper and faster, until it he couldn't endure it anymore.“Make me come, make me come…” his pleadings became incoherent and higher when he reached his orgasm, jolting his hips up, thick come staining the sheets. He couldn't move anymore, it was too intense. His whole body was shuddering and Jungkook layed himself down next to him, really close. Yoongi could count all the moles that were shattered over his face. One under his lower lip. “You taste nice. Both back and forth.”“Gross,” Yoongi drawled between two pants. He wondered if that was one of his pickup lines too and why he used them in bed. “But thanks, I guess.” One on his nose.Jungkook’s voice was bashful when he spoke again. “You're– you're so hot… You got me super hard.”The older buried his face in his pillow. Yeah sure, a lot of people called him hot during sex. But something about the way this guy did it made him blush extra hard.“I’ll help you out when I've recovered,” he mumbled and somehow, his hand somehow found its way to Jungkook's. Warm and soft. “Give me some minutes.”“Oh. You don't have to–”, Jungkook stuttered. Four on his cheek. So much yearning in his eyes, it almost hurt. “Or– can I, eh..”“What.”“Can I– you know...” He moved even closer and folded his legs around Yoongi's body, rubbing his crotch cautiously. Yoongi was thankful he was wearing his pyjama pants.
Wait– 
“Oh. Oh,” he got a little flustered when he realized that Jungkook wanted to hump him. He rolled over so his back was facing Jungkook's chest. Little spoon. “Yeah, sure,” he said. Sigh. Too lazy to clean himself up, he’d do it tomorrow. First, sleep. “Keeps me warm while I doze off.” The other didn't reply anymore, except if a needy whimper could count as one. Yoongi could feel the hard bulge grazing against his hips, desperate for friction. He tried to sleep through it, to ignore it, but Jungkook was a bit too loud, although he was clearly trying to suppress his moans. Jungkook's hands were too strong, Jungkook's grinding was too hard. Jungkook was too much.Yoongi pressed his cheeks into the pillow and instinctively arched his back. For no good reason, he was tearing up a little. Good thing Jungkook was too busy with getting off. Right when he had fallen asleep, he woke up again. His body was sticky again, and Jungkook's limbs were trembling around his, the aftermath of an orgasm. Yoongi's pyjama shirt was almost completely pulled off his chest, his back and butt exposed, but warm due to the contact of Jungkook's sweaty skin. Somehow the pants had ended up on the floor.The younger probably hadn't noticed that Yoongi had woken up. He was sound asleep. However, his breathing was not completely steady yet. Every once in a while, he stirred and mumbled something, which Yoongi tried not to understand. Would it be okay if he pulled Jungkook in his pants again? He would probably wake up. But how was Yoongi gonna sleep when a full naked man was strangling his back?Nah, it should be okay. They were both fucked out. Yoongi fixed the duvet so it covered them both and let Jungkook’s arms wrap around him. Slowly, as he concentrated on syncing his breath with the other's, his thoughts faded and he drifted away. ------❇------ 
It’s six. Lip, nose, cheeks. Six.
 Rays of sunshine were already seeping through the shutters of his window when Yoongi woke up. His body was intertwined with that from another man. A sleeping man. A pretty man. Jungkook.It was Jungkook. That was his name. His head didn't hurt enough to forget things that easily. It hadn't been that much alcohol. But he still didn't remember everything yet. Maybe it was better like that.Jungkook felt nice and smooth and warm and Yoongi wanted to stay like this. It wouldn't hurt, wouldn't it? As long as the other was asleep, it wouldn't. Maybe cuddling was a normal thing for things like this, right? Maybe he just hadn't done it before?Cuddle a little longer.Nice.He swiped some of Jungkook's dark hair out of his face and looked at the closed eyes. Peaceful. Pretty lashes. I would have counted them if he hadn’t been too sleepy.The hair was soft and he played with it for some minutes. Soft soft soft. Good thing he was asleep. Twenty-three. Twenty-four. Twenty-five. Twenty–Jungkook's lips parted in a quiet breath. Reddish and flushed. A pretty shade. Would they still taste like strawberries, he wondered, while he tried not to feel embarrassed by the memories.Would they?Idiot. He was already tasting. He hastily broke contact again, but the touch was lingering. Fortunately, Jungkook still didn't wake up. He just slept through it. Looked more peaceful than ever.His lips still tasted the same. A familiar feeling hit him, an ugly, painful feeling. 
Enough.
That was enough.He forced himself out of bed, away from him. Fuck. In the kitchen was outrageously bright compared to his room, which had the shutters still down. He squeezed his eyes as he drank a glass of cold water, before making coffee. Because he really needed some fucking coffee right now. While sipping on his hot drink, he stared out of the window of his apartment. People were walking over the street, probably going to work. He wondered what time it was. At what time he had fallen asleep. Not that it really mattered. Yoongi didn't have to work today. He needed to do some groceries, though.Could he just leave like this? Wouldn't the boy steal his stuff? Maybe he should do it later. First, a shower. He strolled to his room to get clean clothes.There, in the dim light, he looked at him him for one more time. Specks of sunlight dancing over his skin, shimmering like stains of gold. That dumb face which was also cute and handsome. Yesterday seemed surreal now, but the clothes on the floor told him otherwise. He gathered some pieces of clothing from his closet and paused by the bed. A smile spread over his face, unaware, slow and fond. “Pretty boy…” he murmured.He left the bedroom door ajar.For no particular reason.There was warm water again. (Would Jungkook be cold now?) The shower took longer than usual. When he came back, Jungkook wasn't there anymore.Somehow it hurt, looking at the empty bed like that. Somehow he felt relieved. 



Chapter End Notes
Thank you for reading, I love you all ♡ ♡ ♡Kudos and comments are much appreciated ( ･_･)♡go scream @ me on twitter, I'm @trippingyoongi


It's Too Late To Run Away From It All
Chapter Notes
OK SO HERE'S THE NEXT ONE AND IT'S LONGERMore angst sorry :(( I really didn't intent to make this fic angsty so I'm so super sorry for letting you suffer, it just.... happened :(((For now, the fluff is more like, inside the hurt but it's there! You just need to look closely, the characters are actually all very soft and try their best hsfkfdkn!! TW: kind of non con? just warning you (it's not yoonkook tho, dw they keep it soft)

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Yoongi stared at the sheets, that weren't even properly rearranged. The boy had really left like that, but he wasn’t surprised for some reason. It felt like he knew this was going to happen. He strolled back to the kitchen, put the extra bowl on table in the cupboard again, and frowned when he looked out of the window. No one on the streets. He just hoped Jungkook would find his home back. Of course he would. There was a bus stop across from the apartment complex, with a straightway connection to the city center. He should be alright. He sighed. Stupid boy. He could've gotten breakfast for free here. Not that he minded eating alone. In fact, he was always relieved when they left before he could offer them something. No awkward tension, no forced small talk. But still. The feeling that washed over him when he looked at the empty side of the table and realized he would never see him again, wasn't nice. However, Yoongi's life went on, just how it had been before. The first days, he got reminded of it everytime he looked a the mirror, the small bruises on his neck still blooming. A shade of pink that eerily resembled someone's lip color. They became darker, more purplish and everytime he had to put on a scarf for work (good thing it was november), the memories came back again. But as the bruises faded over time, the memories did, too.Sometimes, the events of that night unconsciously crossed his mind again. That boy. He wasn't sure if he had to categorize him as a bad or a good fuck, but it had been a whole mess. Maybe just a bad one, he decided after some days. Whenever it surfaced his mind again, the touches, his voice, his face, he just ignored it, and after two weeks or something, he had almost completely forgotten. New people had crossed his life. New nights that weren't that messy or confusing. Just easy and quick. Uncomplicated. Just how he liked it. They never treated him how he wanted, too rough, too unresponsive. But maybe everything felt too harsh after that boy, whose touch had been so soft. Almost too soft. However, it was still nice. To feel someone and to be pleasured by someone, even when they didn't give a shit about how he felt. But as his work days got shittier and more tiring, he didn't have the time and energy anymore to go out. Plus, he couldn't afford any lack of sleep when having to make a lot of overtime. He was just so busy, he forgot to take off time for himself.One day, a worried Namjoon called him, asking how he was doing.“I'm fine, Namjoon-ah, don't worry,” he sighed.“Listen, Yoongi–” the younger wasn't convinced that easily (and he also had the habit of dropping honorifics around him), “I haven't seen you for like, three weeks. And we used to see each other at least twice a week. I know you're busy, but you've been making up excuses every time I wanted to hang out…”Yoongi’s heart became weak when he heard how Namjoon tried to hide a little hurt in his voice, but failed as usual. “Okay, Joonie. You can come over right now if you want. I was not doing anything useful anyway.”“God bless!”“Dunno if you need to say that when I'm just procrastinating but okay.”“I'm on my way, hyung! I'll bring food!” And he broke off the call before Yoongi could refuse.A good twenty minutes later, the doorbell rang and Yoongi opened up for Namjoon and a bag of beer and chicken.“Do you wanna get smashed or?” he asked a bit tentative.“Nah. But beer is always good!” Namjoon beamed.Yoongi’s mind somehow filled itself with all sort of inappropriate situations in which beer wouldn't  be good, like on a funeral or a kindergarten party. “Well, eh, almost always,” he grinned.He was happy to have a friend like Namjoon in his life. Someone he could drink beer with without being worried about getting completely smashed or weird things to happen. Or someone he could get completely smashed with, without worrying about the weird things that would happen. Because Namjoon was someone he could trust.They settled on the couch and talked about their work and studies for some time, about how stressful life could be, how annoying some people were, that kind of stuff. It was relieving to finally talk to his friend again.“So…” Namjoon began when they had both fallen into silence for a moment. “Why were you avoiding me? Did something happen?”“Listen, Namjoon-ah. I wasn't avoiding you. I was just busy.” It was the truth, actually. Yoongi had always been good at making up excuses, but this time, it really was the truth. “My boss has been giving me a lot of extra work lately, and to be honest, when I'm tired and finally have some free time, I just want to rest.” Namjoon understood, of course. He knew Yoongi’s priority when having lots of overwork and little free time. First, sleep and me-time. Second, socializing. “Okay…” the younger said slowly. “Good to hear it's just not something serious. I was kind of worried..”Yoongi took a bite of his chicken wing. “Nah, it's fine. Just the boss. Like always. How have you been doing, though?”It took some time for Namjoon’s face to brighten up and leave behind the suspicious look. “Oh!” He smiled. “Good, I guess. Can't complain.”“Hm? Why?”“Oh,” the younger seemed a bit nervous all of a sudden, “nothing.”“You're smiling,” Yoongi deadpanned.“Am I?” “Yes.”Namjoon took a sip of his beer. “Oh.” “Well..?” the older pressed on. Perhaps he shouldn't.“Well what?” he was clearly avoiding it and it only made Yoongi more curious.Namjoon looked at him with a dead serious face. “I really don't think you want to know.”It took Yoongi aback for a little, although he couldn't imagine what would be too bad not to say, but also too bad to say. “But you made me curious now…” he pouted.“Okay fine– Taehyung and I tried some new things yesterday night and we had a good time and I just get happy about stupid little things like peach flavoured lube and shit, okay?”“Oh.” He surely didn't expect that. He also had almost forgotten for a moment that Namjoon was in a happy two-year relationship with one of the sweetest guys he knew — everything Yoongi didn't have.“Why did you tell me…” he whined. “I didn't want to know.”Namjoon's eyes were about to pop out off his face. “That's what I told you!”“Okay okay,” he waved his words away and stared at his knees. “I'm glad you're happy. Been some time since I got some good dick.”The other gave him a wary glance. “You're–  you still go clubbing on your own?”“Yeah, well, not the past weeks. But when I have time.” It felt like he was confessing something, although there wasn't any reason for him to feel that way. Namjoon knew he frequently hooked up. Even knew the names of the clubs he went to.“You're still not over him aren't you?”  Namjoon sighed.That made Yoongi turn a little red. And angry. “He's got nothing to do with it!”He. His ex. He didn't even want to think about his name, he didn't want to think about him.Of course he had been hurt. Of course it did still hurt sometimes. But oh, he was so over him.“Listen, can't you just– I don't know, Yoongi,” Namjoon hesitated, afraid to say something the wrong way. “I know you're not the type to sleep around like that. You never were.”Yoongi’s eyes were fixed on nothing in particular. Perhaps just the wall. “I am.” His sharp voice cut through the soft air Namjoon had breathed into the room. “I am now.”“But it'll just ruin you, I know you...”“I can't get any more ruined. I just–” Yoongi felt tears stinging his eyes. “I don't give a fuck anymore, I don't want a boyfriend, it's a hassle, it only gets me hurt, I just want to fuck someone when I feel like it, no feelings, simple and clean, this is fine–” That's when he broke into a sob. One that he really wanted to suppress, because now Namjoon will think he isn't over him, that he's weak, that he needs someone. His friend was silent for some seconds, placed a hand on his shoulder after some seconds. “Oh, Yoongi..” His voice sounded sad, and careful. “It's okay to cry. You did have a hard time, just let those little fuckers flow.”Yoongi choked out a wet laugh. And then more sobs. Sobs and tears. He buried his face into his arms and curled up against the backrest of the couch, heaving a little. Now that he was already crying, he'd better get all that shit out of him. After a minute, he didn't even know anymore why he was crying.He found comfort in the jolts of his body, the way the air got pushed forcefully out of his lungs. Just crying was nice sometimes. Getting lost in nothing.He only came back to sense for a bit when Namjoon spoke again. “That asshole really broke you, didn't he…” he muttered more to himself than to Yoongi, and he sounded just a tiny murderous. “But there's nothing broken that can't be fixed.”“I don't know, Joon...”“C’mon. Just some superglue. Yeah, it'll never be the same, but at least it’s not into pieces anymore.”That was it. He couldn't hold himself anymore, didn't want to hold back and wrapped his arms around Namjoon and cried into his chest, loud and heavy and almost hysterical. He felt the other stir for a split second, but he relaxed quickly after and returned the embrace. “I– I l-lost them, N-Namj-joon… M-my pieces– I lost  them– I– don't know where they w-went...” he managed to stutter between hiccups. His voice got muffled in the fabric of Namjoon’s shirt.Namjoon was a little overwhelmed. “You– oh,” he sighed and patted Yoongi's back. Searched for words. “You don't have to find all your pieces back… you don't need some of them. And– and you can find new ones. To complete you again.”“I– I don't want someone to complete me. I don't w-want it. I don't need someone, I don't want to be dependent, I don't–”“Now you need to shut up for a moment, hyung! I never said you need someone.”“O-oh…”“Just complete yourself the way it works for you.  And fix yourself before someone’s gonna need you. But you can't do it alone, you'll need others to help you. Not to be your solution, but to help you find the solution.”Yoongi fell into silence and let the words pound through his head. Maybe Namjoon had a point.“H-how…? It's been a year and I don't feel any better… Maybe worse–”, he sniffled.“Stop fucking yourself up with other people. It only fucks your feelings up, and it's not gonna make you happier.”“But I like sex…”“And are you happy right now?”He shut his mouth. Of course they both knew the answer to that question.“But–”, he started weakly, “but what if I get horny..?”Namjoon started to get a little  fed up with his excuses. “I don't fucking know, Yoongi, maybe watch some porn?? It's not that hard. Taehyung went a fucking nineteen years without sex before he met me. And know I the same goes for you.”Yoongi stared at him, a little flustered because of the sudden outburst. But Namjoon was right. Sort of.The younger sighed. “Just, take it easy for some time, hyung. No hookups, no shady parties. Just take the time for yourself and don't try to distract yourself too much with those kind of things. Don’t drown your feelings. Believe me, you know I've been there too. It's not gonna make things any better. Stop walking away from yourself and face it.”“I– okay. I'll try…” ------❇------ Maybe Namjoon was really right. Maybe this worked, he thought when he was lying on his couch on a Friday night, while reading a book. He still felt kind of boring for reading a book on Friday night, but on the other side, he wasn't getting squashed on a sweaty dance floor. And his boss still gave him a shitload of work, but at least he wasn't that tired anymore from fucking people all night. He also had developed a habit of reorganizing his furniture when he was bored (or just procrastinating). It all started when he looked at his bedroom one day and kind of got pissed off because of that bed. That damned bed where all those people had been fucking into him, and most of the time not even that good. All those people who had called him a good boy, or baby, or slut. And a lot of times, he wasn't even that aroused, but just annoyed or needy, and they weren't enough, not that good, not that nice, and sometimes he had even faked his orgasm, just to be done with them. He wanted those nights gone, and the memories of them. He had already forgotten most of them, and the ones that he couldn't forget, were the ones he desperately wanted to. That. Fuking. Bed. He. Wanted. It. Gone.Unfortunately he didn't have the money to buy a new one and it would be ridiculous to spend his money on something like that, so he decided to just drag it to another wall of the room. Also moved around his closet and other bedroom furniture. Just like that, it did seem a slightly different room. Of course, it wasn't a perfect solution, but it helped.He also started to rearrange his living room in his spare time. It made him feel better, and tidied up. He liked how it felt to watch TV from a complete other spot in his room, or to eat by the window. As time passed by, he slowly learnt to go more easy on himself. He spend more time with his friends and less in night clubs. Okay, those friends were mainly Namjoon and Taehyung, but it was enough. He didn't need more.Some days, he still craved for someone, a warm body to hold, like something was missing. And one time, when he got really drunk, he found his way back to a bar, and into someone’s bed. But it got him fucked up really bad, and this time he was too aware of it, it hurt.“Fuck, you're so tight…”, the man had said, when he thrusted into him, hard and almost painful, yet it felt good. They always said things like that, how tight he was, how hot he was. It didn't mean anything.“Move faster for me, whore.”Yoongi had been called like that before, multiple times, and he had never really cared, but for some reason, this time, it felt like a slap in his face. Although he was drunk, he still realized what it did to him, and stopped moving, because what the fuck, why would you say that. He looked at the man's face, the man whose name he didn't know and didn't want to know, and his eyes were plain lustful and hungry, not a trace of respect. Maybe that was the thing which gave him such a nasty feeling.At this point, he couldn't remember how many times he had done this, maybe because some of these times he had been too intoxicated. He had lost count. Maybe he was a fucking whore.“What's wrong, baby?” the man grunted and Yoongi just cringed.“Nothing…” he mumbled, and he tilted away his head just so he didn't have to look into his eyes anymore. He wanted to go away, to end this, but he didn't know how. “Can't you do me from behind? It– it feels better.” It was an excuse, so they couldn't have eye contact, so he would come faster and this would be over. He wanted to tell him to fuck off, actually, but he couldn't bring it up, knew it would make things worse. The man was big and strong, and Yoongi felt small and vulnerable.After, he made up a lie about how he had to go to work early the next morning, and he really needed to go home. He didn't want to be in that house anymore, or to sleep in that bed. It was miracle that he reached his apartment safely, drunk as he had stumbled over the streets. He had never been so thankful before that he was blessed with an excellent orientation sense. When he came home, he crashed onto his bed and cried, because why could no one just give him a good night for once?And maybe he just always went to the wrong clubs. Attracted the wrong people. But he should know better.If he only could push away those emotions. If he only didn't expect something that a one night stand couldn't give him.Yeah, maybe Namjoon was right. Maybe he should give it a rest and just concentrate on himself. No strangers anymore. He didn't need them. He had just gotten too used to it. ------❇------ Yoongi had always hated bus rides. Too noisy, too shaky, too much people. His place by the window was something he was thankful for, all the way in the back there, people wouldn't sit next to him. He stared out of the window, only to see the familiar buildings of the city flash by. The bus stirred and stopped, but he didn't mind to look what kind of people were entering. Most of the time it were old people, or students like him.The glass fogged beneath his breath, and he lowkey wanted to draw something with his fingers. 
You're not a kid anymore.
Yeah, he wasn't. Not anymore. It made him feel a little gloomy, especially when the bus passed a elementary school. He averted his glance from the window and stared into the bus.He froze.That boy. Out of all the fucking people in the world.Fuck fuck fuck. What if he saw him? Should he step off the bus? No, that would only draw attention to him.
Just ignore, yeah. He probably didn't see you. Or didn't even recognize you at all. How long has it been. Months? He has forgotten your face.
 But you didn't. Yoongi panicked, and fixed his eyes on the window again. But not before there had been a flash of eye contact, just for a millisecond. One that he had probably imagined.He buried the side of his face in  his palm. He didn't see you, he didn't see you, he didn't–The bus stopped again and new people were entering, causing a hold-up. Yoongi hoped nobody would sit next to him, but people were already moving more to the back.Suddenly, he felt someone's weight sink down on the empty seat. He didn't want to look, he never looked. He looked.The side profile of a boy with big eyes and a big nose. Yoongi snapped his head away so fast, it hurt. 
Fucking fucks. You're fucked, Min Yoongi.
He tried to stay normal, to keep his breath regular, to stop his face from turning red.He failed. The air next to him shifted. A slight wavering. “Hy–hyung?” the voice sounded unsure, quiet, airy.Yoongi’s stomach twisted at least twice. He didn't answer, maybe he could get away with it if he pretended he hadn't heard him. The words had been barely audible, after all.It was silent again. Perhaps it had worked. He sucked in his breath, suppressing a sigh.“Hyung?” More pressing this time, but also less confident.Shit. He couldn't get away with it.It took him some courage to turn his head and look at the other. “Sorry,” he drawled, while keeping his eyes busy with something in the background. “Do I know you?”“I–” From his peripheral, Yoongi could vaguely see the boy shrink in his seat. “Y-you forgot?”“Yes. I forgot.” And he switched his attention to the window again, cheeks burning. Maybe he was being an asshole. But who the fuck starts talking to a past hookup?Aren't you supposed to ignore them? No, you aren't even supposed to see them again.The voice seemed far away when he heard it again, a bit muted, like he was underwater. Or like there a wall of glass between them. It felt unreal.“You don't even know my name?”
Yes I do.

It’s Jungkook.
 Jungkook. Yoongi scoffed, mostly at himself. Why did he still know his name? Why hadn't he forgotten? “Yoongi.”The older broke. And looked at him. His eyes.They were shimmering a little. His expression was something he couldn't decipher, something between angry and sad and maybe scared. “Yoongi-hyung,” he repeated, breathy.“Jungkook,” Yoongi commented. “I remember.”“So you–”“Yeah, yeah. I lied. What do you want?”The other stared at him, not immediately having an answer ready. “I don't know…” he mumbled after some moments. “Just recognized you.”He took Jungkook in again, because he seemed a little different this time. Softer. His hair wasn't parted like at that night, but fell over his eyebrows in a fringe. A black hoodie was covering most of his curves, not giving away anything of the muscles that were hiding underneath. Yoongi didn't need him to take off the sweater to know though, he could easily see through his clothes, to the point it was almost weird to see him with clothes. And sober.The only images that seemed to have settled in his brain were those of a naked boy in his bed, crying and smiling, using his shower, using his soap. Using his body. His chest ached at the memories.“You know.. what happened between us– doesn't mean anything, right?” He wanted to make sure. No feelings involved.“I– yeah.”Yoongi threw a quick glance outside. Maybe he had missed his stop. He didn't even remember where he had planned to go to at all.The bus was getting emptier, no one was sitting around them anymore. How long had he been here?Jungkook interrupted his thoughts again. “D-did you see other people since?” The question clearly was hard to ask, Yoongi could feel it. “You mean– like fucking?”Jungkook nodded, cheeks faintly flushed.“I– honestly?”The other seemed to change his mind. “Maybe not..” He already knew the answer.Yoongi just nodded, when the younger opened his mouth again.“I, uh– I didn't.”He wasn't sure why Jungkook was telling him this, also not sure what to do with this information.“Oh,” he answered. This was so awkward. “Okay.”Jungkook looked at him and his eyes were big and a little bit glossy. Maybe wet, who knows. Then he shifted his head, rubbing his nose. He felt like he had seen him do it before, but only now noticed it. Perhaps a nervous tic. “You didn't have time or–?” Yoongi really didn't want to ask, actually, was scared of the answer.The other hesitated for a second. “Yeah, I guess.”“Oh. Well.” Why. This was so so awkward.The bus stopped. There was no one left, only them.“I have to get off here…” Jungkook floundered, while he fumbled with his backpack.It was the final bus stop.Yoongi sighed. “Yeah. Me too, I guess.”They were silent for some moments as they stepped off and Yoongi tried to orientate himself once he was standing on the pavement. He had no idea where he was, and he also didn't know anymore why he was here. Maybe he should just try to get back to the center of the city.“Don't mind me,” he muttered to the other, “I'll take a bus back because I don't fucking know where I ended up.”Jungkook didn't react. Just stared at the stone tiles under his feet. Yoongi took some steps away from him, to walk to the bus stop on the other side of the street.“You're nice.”It was Jungkook's voice, sounding from behind him. His heart deflated at the words.
Nice?

Whatever. Ignore it.
 No.“I am not– nice,” Yoongi only scoffed a little. He feet had stopped moving, but he couldn't look behind him, he couldn't. “I don't know what makes you think  that, but I'm not.”“Y-you– you are one of the nicest persons I've met,” Jungkook's voice was shaky, and every second it became harder to look at him. If he wouldn't now, he wouldn't ever again. “Even though you won't look at me anymore, I- I know you're kind. P-people are never nice to me, e-even when they are like me, even when we meet u-up. Even when we–” His voice broke. And Yoongi didn't want to look, he knew it would make things complicated. But he did.Jungkook was trembling and his eyes were swollen and red. He didn't know what to do. The younger kept stuttering, “J-just, most people are– it-it hurts… You know?”
Yeah, I know.
“Y-you were really kind, you didn't– kick me out– your touch was soft, you stayed to cuddle...”Yoongi panicked slightly, because when did he– “I just went easy on you, because I would have wanted the same. Nothing less, nothing more.” His voice was not as cold as he wanted it to be, needed it to be.“B–but others aren't so– sweet. You felt different…”And maybe Yoongi wasn’t the only one who went to the wrong clubs. Attracted the wrong people. But he should know better.Yoongi sighed, soft. His voice was too soft. “Look, you need to learn to separate some things from each other.”Jungkook stared at his shoes, Timberland's. He should tie his laces better. “Maybe I don't want to…” he mumbled, barely audible but stubborn.It made Yoongi feel weak, he didn't know what to answer without being a dick.“Listen. We just fucked – one night. That's it. For one night.” “I think I like you.” Jungkook threw it out quickly, like it wouldn't hurt if he said it fast.



No. Please, no.
Yoongi felt a nasty sting settle in his chest, it wouldn't leave, it only became worse. It was spreading its poison through his whole body, paralyzing him, making him weaker. He took a deep breath. Everything felt heavy, painful.“You don't– know me–” he tried.“Hyung..”“Don’t call me that,” Yoongi bit. Sharp, ugly.“Why–” 
I'll break. I'll fucking break.
 “I’m–” This was harder to say that he’d thought. He had to force the words out of his  throat. “I'm sorry but I can't return your feelings. Please– please forget about me.”He felt like an asshole. He hated to reject someone. But it was the best he could do, really. He would only fuck him up if he didn't make things clear, that would be heartless, and egoistic.Jungkook blinked heavily. “Okay,” he said, breathless. “Okay.” His cheeks were a little wet. Yoongi couldn't look at them.“I'm sorry,” he repeated. “Just– just forget everything.” He couldn't stop rambling, maybe he really needed to get it out of his system. Or maybe he felt like Jungkook deserved a proper explanation. “I shouldn't have slept with you. It's my fault.”Jungkook didn't answer. Just shuddered and wiped his eyes sloppily. It looked so sad, pathetic almost. Yoongi knew the words hurt. And for some scary reason, they hurt him too.His own voice had also become shaky, when he opened his mouth again, “S-stop crying about me. It's not worth it, I'm no good, really.”Maybe he was terrible at comforting, because the younger just let out a wet sob. He shouldn't stay longer, or maybe Jungkook would get his hopes up again. “I should go. Please just forget about this,” he almost instinctively rubbed the other's shoulder, but refrained. ”Take care...” he added for good measure. Perhaps just bad measure.  He could still hear quiet sniffling when he waited on the other side, only fading away when he stepped on a new bus.



Chapter End Notes
Thank you Namjoon for existing!!Thanks a lot for reading and sticking with this story until now!! (Ｔ▽Ｔ)Leave comments, I need to know what you think ♡ ♡ ♡Also, should I tag this with the non con warning, or should it be fine like this?ps: dm me yoonkook pics on twt and we're friends, im @trippingyoongi uwu


I'm Done With Running
Chapter Notes
Last angst chapter! Just hold on for one more time :')There's already some more fluff in this one uwuEnjoy! ♡ ♡ ♡

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




After some days, Yoongi still hadn't shaken it completely off. He just felt bad. About a lot of things.Why had they met again? Why especially that boy?Most people would act normal, just ignore him. Nice mutual ignoring.Why did that boy have to make. Everything. So. Fucking. Complicated?It was probably his own fault anyway, he admitted to himself while he shoved his couch around the living room. The doorbell rang. Yoongi dropped the couch and hoped it wasn't his neighbor who came to complain.“Aren't your neighbors complaining?” Namjoon asked when he opened the door. Yoongi sighed. “Just for a second– I was happy it was you and not them. But I guess I can't escape the complaining anyway.”“It's your fate,” Namjoon deadpanned, not even laughing at his own joke.“Yeah. Come in. I thought you had a key to my apartment?”“But I'm not gonna just randomly walk into your house! Besides…’ The other nervously shifted his feet. “I– uhm. I lost it…”He what–“Are you fucking kidding me?” he didn't raise his voice, but probably still sounded angry, “Who knows who finds it and robs me at night and then fucking kills me on top of it–”Namjoon eyes grew slightly wider at his words, but then he relaxed again. “Yah, hyung, you're paranoid. No one's gonna kill you..”“How do you know?” he muttered, although Namjoon was probably right. “Aaah– Just tell me when you’ve found it again.”“Yeah, I hope I just lost it in my house,” Namjoon sighed, obviously feeling guilty.“It's okay, I guess…”, Yoongi shrugged while getting something to drink for his friend. He didn't want to linger on it anymore, it would be useless anyway. “What do you want to drink?”“Coffee, please.”He rolled his eyes at the fridge when he heard Namjoon's answer. “Of course, the thing that takes the longest…” He smiled, however.“I'll go make it myself when you keep whining,” the other threw back.“Yeah, no, I'll do it,” his mind flashed back to a time when Namjoon had spilled coffee all over his carpet. He had no carpets since. “Just lie down or something.” “How's Taehyung doing?” he asked when he flopped down on the couch after putting two big mugs on the coffee table.“He's doing fine. He's a little sick, though…”Yoongi looked at him. “Shouldn't you take care of him then?”“Nah, it's not that bad. Just really contagious.” Namjoon stared a bit bashfully at his cup of coffee. “So he kinda told me to get my ass out of the house before I would catch it too. Since I've got an important meeting tomorrow...”The older snorted, “Really? He kicked you out? If you want you can crash here.”“Yeah, I know. Thanks, hyung.”Namjoon used honorifics so loosely around Yoongi, but he didn't mind. They had known each other for so long and most if the time they just treated each other as same age friends, it felt natural for them. However, on fond moments, suddenly the 'hyung’ would pop up in his speech and it was kind of cute. It were those moments when Yoongi took care of him, like a real hyung. Hyung. A small reminder that he, indeed, was older, and fulfilled his role well. Sometimes, at least.Hyung was a nice word. A nice feeling.
Nice.
“Joon?” “Yeah?”“Did you ever– see someone you hooked up with again. Like, accidentally in public.” He hadn't really planned to talk about this, but he already was.“I don't hook up.”Yoongi rolled his eyes at him. “Yeah, now you don't but, in the past…”“I– eh. I've never really hooked up actually,” he confessed. “Okay, I've messed around a bit, but it's different. Not with strangers.”“Oh. But what would you do if it happened to you? I mean, if you saw that person again.”“A stranger? I don't know, depends on how awkward it is. And how nice they were, I guess.”
How nice they were.

Nice.

You're nice.
Yoongi shaked his head, trying to get rid of the voice that haunted his mind.“Well,” Namjoon began, “Was he nice, though?”“W-who?” Yoongi stammered and of course Namjoon knew. The younger let out a tiny laugh while replying, “That hookup you met.”“Yes. I guess..? He was really sweet actually.” He frowned a little. “I was almost surprised to meet him at a club like that, to be honest. He’s like, nineteen, Namjoon. He seemed so... innocent almost. Not the type for it.”“You're not either.”“Joon–”“Okay, okay,” Namjoon hummed. “And what did you do?”“What do you think? I just tried to ignore him. But he recognized me and started talking to me…” He cringed at the memory.Namjoon's eyes widened, amused, “You didn't settle for a second time, didn't you?”“No– no.. No, of course not. He kept talking to me and making stuff awkward and I basically told him to fuck off and then he said he liked me–”“He said what?”“I don't know, Joon. I didn't know what was happening.”“But you like him too, right?”Yoongi's heart stopped for a moment. The first thing that had been on his mind when Jungkook had confessed, was how he didn't like him back, how he couldn't accept the younger's feelings, because he had none to return. Because he didn't want to start something he if he hadn't figured his own shit out yet. “I– eh, I don't think so,” he stared at his knees, a gloomy feeling washing over him, he was sad this had to happen, “I just told him to get over me and took a bus home.”His friend stared at him, unbelief written over his face. “Well, that sounds like a dick move.”“I know, it is. I panicked. But I just didn't want to keep his hopes up,” Yoongi rubbed his eyes with the heels of his hands and groaned. “You know I can't give him what he deserves. I would only fuck him up… I don't do– proper relationships… It would fuck me up too, to be honest. It's just not the right moment, he's cute but–”“I–” Namjoon hesitated but he had already cut off Yoongi's rant, “I don't think you made the worst choice, hyung. So don't feel bad about it anymore.”“But he started crying, Namjoon,” he felt horrible at the thought, at how sad Jungkook had seemed, “but you know, really subtle. So I didn't know if I should comfort him or give him some privacy and–” his voice died away as he didn't know what to say anymore.Namjoon looked a bit alarmed as he broke the silence, “Is he– does he cry a lot or–”“Yes. No? During sex? But also after sex. And before sex.”“Oh. I'm not a psychologist or something, but from experience, people who cry a lot are used to being comforted, but also cry a lot when they're alone. I mean– you probably could've comforted him. But it already happened anyway. But like, if you, hypnotically meet him again.”“Okay, Joon, I get it. I get it. I’m an asshole.” The younger patted his shoulder, “Hyung, please don't feel bad about it. It's not your fault.”“I'll try…” he muttered. “I should forget about it too.” ------❇------ Yeah, well, that was more easily said than done. One morning, when he came down the appartement to look at his mailbox in the entrance hall, he grabbed his mail, only to find a weird piece of paper on top of his envelopes.It wasn't put in an envelope, and the paper just seemed to be chequered school paper. Carefully folded into four. He unfolded it and his heart ached. 
Hyung, 

I know you don't want me, 

but if you ever need me, 

here's my number
 Yoongi stared at the piece of paper, the little hangul and the phone number, all neatly scribbled down. He panicked.
He remembers my apartment, he knows where I live.

Does he still want me? Is he gonna stalk me?
He quickly ran upstairs again, (why was the elevator always broken?) and slammed the door behind him a little too loud in his hurry. Fuck fuck fuck–, he hissed under his breath as he kept staring at the small note. What am I gonna do, what am I gonna do–Okay. So Jungkook hadn't forget about him. He was still hoping for something. Or maybe he really just wanted to give his number? In case Yoongi ever needed someone?
But what if–
What if he really turned out to be a stalker? Should he keep the number? Should he put it in his contacts? Just in case? So the police can trace him if this escalates?Yeah, yeah, he should. Should he keep the note too, then? For the handwriting. Maybe he's a notorious stalker, maybe the police immediately recognizes this handwriting.
Yoongi, that's fucking bullshit. 
But he should keep it anyway. He decided to just put it by his administration, that was organized.Yeah.He tried to put it off his mind for the rest of the day. However, the more he tried to focus on something else, the more stressful it became. At some point, he found himself texting Namjoon. 

You: 
he knows where i live
that jungkook kid

Namjoon: 
Jungkook?

You: 
yea the one i met on the bus
i told you about it

Namjoon: 
oh yeah
i remember
what happened again?

You: 
he put his number in my mailbox idk what to do

Namjoon:
chill
did you hook up at your place back then?

Yoongi:
ye

Namjoon:
ofc he knows where you live then hdjsj

Yoongi:
but he remembers??

Namjoon:
not everyone has the tragic memory capacity of 120 kb like you

Yoongi:
im offended
anyway
he came back tho??
hes probably a stalker help???

Namjoon:
calm down it’s just a kid with a big dumb crush
those are the stupidest
he'll probably give up if when you don't text him back

You:
maybe ------❇------ 
Jungkook had never felt this nauseous in his entire life before. He tried to suppress the urge to throw up all over the apartment hall, and swallowed again. Was he really going to ring the doorbell? His finger hovered over the flat, square button. Min Yoongi, it said. Yoongi's surname was rare, and it felt fitting, special, just like everything about Yoongi.He squeezed his eyes shut as he pressed. An obnoxious ringtone was audible on the other side of the door. “Yeah?” a sudden voice came out of the microphone on the wall, making Jungkook's heart jump. It sounded deformed, the sound quality was bad and Yoongi's voice was barely recognisable. “Who's there?”“Jungkook! It's Jungkook…”, his own voice was awkward, shivery.A pause from the other side.“Come upstairs,” the other said after what felt like a full minute and the buzz invited him to push the door open. He quickly checked the floor and number again before letting the door fall shut behind him.Elevators weren't his favorite, so he took the stairs. Just like last time.With every step, his nervousness grew. He was going to be there again. He was going to talk to him. And he had no plan. No idea what to expect, what Yoongi was expecting, how he was gonna be, if he–38Appartement 38. He took a deep breath and pushed the second doorbell that day. Footsteps were nearing and, maybe, he was really going to throw up this time.The door creaked. “Hey. Jungkook?”This wasn't Yoongi.That was the only thing Jungkook's mind could process as a tall, brown-haired man leaned into the door frame.“You're– Why– Who are you?” he managed to bring out.The man looked at him and why wasn't he Yoongi? “I'm Yoongi's friend, Namjoon. Nice to meet you,” he offered Jungkook a hand.“F-friend?” the younger stuttered as he shook his hand weakly, still too confused, “Are you roommates or–? Is Yoongi-hyung home?”Namjoon smiled. “No and no. Yoongi's at work and I was just dropping off some groceries for him since he has no time to do them at the moment.”“Oh. That's nice of you.”“Nah, I always use his Netflix when I'm here because he doesn't want to give me his password,” the other laughed a bit embarrassed. “So yeah, anyway. What do you need?”“I– I wanted to see Yoongi-hyung, but he isn't here so–”“You gave him his number right?” Namjoon interrupted him.Jungkook felt his cheeks glow. “What– yeah… h-how do you know?”“Yoongi told me.”
Oh. 
“Do you like Yoongi?” Namjoon’s words were urging, almost demanding, and Jungkook couldn't lie.He stared at the floor, embarrassed. “Yeah…” He could cry just like this.The other released a weird, sad sound and opened the door a little more, “Come in, I need to talk to you.”Jungkook was confused but still followed him to the living room. The living room he had never seen before, actually. He  only knew what Yoongi's bedroom and bathroom looked like.His eyes explored the room, it looked neat. Clean. But also friendly. There were no carpets on the floor, so he could decipher some weird scratch marks on the laminate. The placement of the furniture was a little bit off, for some reason. Not the way he was used to in apartments like these.There was a TV. Nice, you could play games well on such a big screen. But there was no PlayStation. Maybe Yoongi had other hobbies. He wondered what Yoongi liked to do in his free time. He had Netflix so, probably that. And perhaps watching long movies, or Buzzfeed Unsolved. Or reading books? Fishing? Playing chess? Any sport? He probably didn’t like to work out, because he wasn’t very muscly, Jungkook realized. His cheeks felt warmer at the memory of Yoongi’s soft body. He shaked his head quickly, as if he tried to scare away an annoying fly and let his eyes skim over the place again. Searching for clues to possible hobbies.“Yoongi is an indoor architect,” Namjoon said as he catched Jungkook looking around. “That's why his place is a little– artistic.”Jungkook blushed at the sudden information, “O-oh.” Yoongi was an indoor architect. That's so cool. He scanned the room again and wondered if he had designed the furniture himself, if those kind of things were all included in the job.Namjoon got him a glass of cola and told him to make himself comfortable on the couch.The couch that wasn't even his.Jungkook tried to stay calm at the constant feeling that Yoongi could come home every moment, and he wouldn't know what to do.“He won't be here till five,” it seemed like the other could read his mind.“Oh. What did you want to talk about?”“Ah–” Namjoon seemed suddenly constipated. “I need you to– you need to know some things about Yoongi.”“Oh.” What was going to come, what was he going to hear?“Listen– Jungkook, right?”“Yeah.”“Okay, Jungkook. I– uh, I don't know if Yoongi wants me to tell you this but–”“Then don't. Don't tell me if he doesn't want me to know.”Namjoon looked at him in a way that could mean so many things. Mainly sympathy, probably. “He told me about you too so it's only fair.”
Yoongi had told his friend about him.
Jungkook gnawed on his lip and nodded.“Okay so, I know you like him and you probably want to try dating him, right?”The question took Jungkook aback for a bit. He hadn't worded it out like that before, not even in his mind. But yes, ever since he had fallen asleep next to him, he couldn't stop thinking about Yoongi, he wanted to see him more, talk to him more, to wake up to him every morning and just smile at his face.Just like Yoongi had done that morning. He had probably thought he was asleep, but Jungkook had heard it.
Pretty boy.
The words hadn't left his mind mind since, always finding their way back to its thoughts. And the smile. The smile.The kindest smile he had ever seen. The smile that had gotten all his hopes up. But of course it was only in his mind, all between his ears.He sighed and swallowed his tears, “Yeah… I like him.. I want to see him every day but I know he doesn't want to see me.”“Listen, you need to know that it's not about you. It's just– Yoongi was into a relationship until some time ago because it ended up really bad. That guy had cheated on him all that time and stuff, and Yoongi found out and– he really trusted him and loved him a lot, he was about to propose to him, Jungkook.”What the fuck. “Wow,” he gritted out, “what an asshole.”Namjoon nodded. “Yeah,” he frowned, “but the thing is, he wasn't really a typical asshole. He was always nice to Yoongi. Always so fucking nice. So it was super confusing for Yoongi, and it made it so hard to hate him or to blame him. Because, until the end, that dude kept being so sanctimoniously nice.”“Fuck,” Jungkook rarely cursed around strangers, but it just escaped from him like that. Every word from Namjoon made him feel more and more awful. Yoongi didn't deserve all this shit. He was so sweet, so friendly. Felt so sensitive. He really didn't deserve that.“Yeah,” Namjoon nodded again, sad, “so that dick really made him feel bad about himself, he just put the blame on Yoongi and got away with it. Yoongi knows better now, but still. It really fucked up his self-esteem and shit, although he doesn't want to admit it.”“Is– is that why he doesn't want to see me?” his voice was shaky again, “he doesn't trust me?”Namjoon hesitated for a second, “Yoongi told me he doesn't do proper relationships.” Oh. Oh.“But he– was so sweet to me…” He didn't fully understand yet, it didn't make sense. “It wasn't like… like he just wanted to– you know.” Talking about these things with Namjoon were a little awkward, but he decided to bite himself through it. “Most of the time, when I hook up, they treat me like dirt.”It came out harsh, raw, something that needed to leave his lips since forever. Only now, he realized how good it felt. And he couldn't stop now he had opened the dams.“I don't know why, hyung. But maybe because I'm young, they think I don't need respect? Because I sub? Do I look like a dumb twink? Do I go to the wrong places? Maybe I'm doing something wrong– I don't know, hyung...” Perhaps he was crying a little.The older stared at him, for a long time, a weird look on his face. Then, a sad smile painted his features. Two friendly dimples, Jungkook vaguely registered. A warm hand on his shoulder.“I don’t think you’re doing anything wrong. Can I maybe ask why you go to those places?”Jungkook flinched. It felt like Namjoon knew there was more, because why would he ask? Maybe he could tell. It wouldn't hurt, right? “Because I'm– gay. I mean, not because I'm gay, but because people know I'm gay. Eh–”Namjoon hummed, rubbed his shoulder a bit. Jungkook didn’t even mind. “Go on.”“Aah– it's kind of hard to make friends when everyone knows, so… I thought a club like that would– help? I would meet similar people? But then they kind of, eh. Most of the time they had other things on their mind. So getting friends… didn’t really.. work.”Another long stare. More dimple. He let go off his shoulder and sighed.“You seem like a nice guy, Jungkook.” He smiled a bit bashfully at him, “If you want to, we can be friends.”W-what?“B-but Yoongi-hyung? Isn't it– weird? And why?”“Oh,” the long man pulled out his phone, his smile more serene now, “nah. Yoongi shouldn't be a barrier. Not everything is about him. You just deserve a friend.”Jungkook was baffled. He felt himself blush so hard, Namjoon probably thought he was an idiot, if he hadn't already. “You don't need to–”“I know. But I want to. You seem real fun.”“I'm not funny…”Namjoon snorted. “Yes, you are. Here–” he shoved his phone under Jungkook’s nose, “here's my number.”“Oh, eh.” He added the number in his contacts, because how could he refuse something like that? Some seconds later, Namjoon's phone buzzed.Jungkook looked away, because Namjoon was reading his text and it felt awkward. 
this is jungkook. thank you for being my friend
The older chuckled, his dimples the deepest he had seen until now. Jungkook looked at him for a moment and Namjoon had such a friendly face, no wonder Yoongi had befriended him. He hesitated for a moment, but still said it, “Hyung, I don't really text a lot, actually.”“Oh, that's okay. Just use it when you want to hang out.”“Hang out?”“Yeah. Or when you feel lonely. Just call me.”Jungkook hushed. It still felt weird.“I'm not doing this out of pity, Jungkook. I genuinely like you.”His eyes widened. “Y-you like me?”Namjoon giggled, embarrassed in his big hands. “No, I mean– I just like you. As a person.”As a person. The combination sounded weird in Jungkook's ears. Namjoon had a special way of talking.“I like you too,” he muttered. And maybe he was really going to use the number.If he liked Namjoon, then how did he feel about Yoongi? That wasn't the same type of like. Perhaps it was more. So much more.“About Yoongi–” Namjoon's face became more serious, looked him square in the eyes, “I'm not telling you what to do, but you need to know Yoongi's in a kind of fragile stage right now where he tries to fix things. He's trying really hard to patch himself up, so a relationship will probably confuse the shit out of him. I think that's why he doesn't want to date now.”He suddenly felt so selfish, because he hadn't even thought about that. “I–” he was so embarrassed, “sorry. I don't want to hurt him.”“I know you don't. That's why I'm telling you these things.”Jungkook sighed. If he truly cared about Yoongi, he should leave him alone. But still–“Hyung. You said it's like a phase? So will he–”“I wouldn't count on it.” Namjoon's reply was fast, cautious. “I believe he will get better eventually, but who knows how long it will take? I wouldn't count on it.”“Oh.” He felt himself deflate, until there was only the most miniscule inch of hope left in him. “I'll leave him alone then. You can tell him. So he doesn't have to worry about that.”The other nodded. “I'll let him know.” He nodded again, and threw a glance at the clock on the wall. Jungkook followed his eyes, but his mind didn't progress the time, too caught up in other things. Clock reading had never been his best feature anyway.“Do you like gaming, Jungkook?”“W-wat?” That was the last thing he expected Namjoon to ask him. “Yeah? I game a lot actually.”“Great! My boyfriend does too, but he always complains I don't want to play with him.”“You have a boyfriend?”“Yup. Maybe you can come over sometime, game together.”For some reason, a warm feeling washed over his skin, to his chest. Namjoon really was inviting him, wanted to introduce him to more possible friends. His throat went a little dry and he choked on nothing when he tried to answer. “Yeah, of course, hyu–”“Oh!” the other suddenly interrupted him, making his heart jump.“What happened?”“Oh, I just–” Namjoon’s hand was between the throw pillows of the couch, presumably feeling for something. “I think I found something I lost,” he grinned apologetically as he pulled back his hand, holding onto something what appeared to be a key.Jungkook wasn't that surprised, though, because keys were one of those typical things to get lost,  “Your key?”“Well, actually Yoongi’s key. But also mine. It's a spare key to his apartment.”“Oooh,” he was maybe gaping a little. Little things about Yoongi's life were fascinating.“Yeah, I'm happy I found it!”, the other grinned, “He got kinda angry at me for losing it, he was so scared some stalker would–” his grin disappeared quickly. “Nevermind.” Jungkook didn't answer, not sure what to reply. For some reason he felt suddenly a little uncomfortable. Only now, he realized he hadn't been feeling that uncomfortable before.He looked at the clock again, this time succeeding in reading it properly. Almost half past four.“I think I should go,” he said eventually, his voice leaving Namjoon's face in a kind of understanding disappointment.“Oh. I see. It was nice meeting you, Jungkook. Till next time?”He thought about it for a second. “Yes, hyung. I'll text you.”“Nice.” Namjoon smiled and maybe he could get used to those dimples.“Thank you,” he said as he got up. “For everything. I'm happy you're friends with Yoongi-hyung. You're really kind.”Namjoon seemed a bit flustered. “Oh. Thanks...”“You can tell him I was here and that I won't come back. I'll leave him alone. I'll–” he swallowed, and maybe this was more than just a crush, “I'll try to get over him.”  For some reason, he still felt a little better now. Relieved. Maybe he hadn't gotten a conversation with Yoongi, but he had met someone who wanted to be his friend. Someone who had listened to him.  After he had closed the door behind him, he looked at the stairwell and took a deep breath. He remembered how he had sat on one of the stairs, an uncountable number of mornings ago. The steps were still as ugly as before, concrete. Dusty. Soiled.His mind wandered back to the time he had woken up in Yoongi’s bed. How nice the feeling of his duvet had been. Not too light and not too heavy. White crumpled sheets. He had woken up and Yoongi wasn’t there anymore. But he could hear sounds from another room, something like porcelain hitting a surface. Maybe Yoongi was in the kitchen, he thought as he stared at the ceiling.Fragments of sunlight fought themselves through the little holes in the shutters, making the room bathe is some sort of golden glow. He could see the small pieces of dust dancing in the air. Rooms always seemed so dusty when the sun was shining. It always made him feel sneezy if he thought about it for too long. He rolled on his side again, closed his eyes as he didn’t want to look at the dust anymore. His breath steadied even more than before.Slowly, the memories from the night before were surfacing. Some of them were so, so nice. Some of them so embarrassing it was unbearable. But Yoongi had been so good. So sweet. He wanted to cry a little by just thinking about it. Footstep were approaching and Jungkook opened his eyes, just enough so he could glare through his lashes and see how Yoongi entered. The older boy started rumbling in his closet, probably unaware of Jungkook’s awaken state. Or he just didn’t care at all. Jungkook tried to push away the thought, of course Yoongi did care. Yoongi had cared the whole night.But Yoongi hadn’t enjoyed it as much. He had definitely found him bothersome, annoying. Jungkook felt so fucking embarrassed about everything. He should get away as quickly as he could, immediately after Yoongi would leave the room.“Pretty boy…”His heart stopped. It had been just a soft murmur, a shift of air, but he had clearly heard it. Pretty boy. He couldn’t believe it, peeked at the other through his eyelashes and was hit with a sudden mix of a lot of fucking feelings. His smile. Yoongi’s smile. Yoongi was smiling. So sweet. So pure. So nice. So Yoongi. The prettiest smile he had ever seen. A smile he never wanted to forget. A smile that he was imprinting right now, writing it permanently on the hard drive of his mind. (Jungkook knew now, that had been the moment he had unavoidably, hopelessly fallen in love.)And Yoongi just left like that. Some minutes later, he could hear the water running from the bathroom and he panicked suddenly so much about the whole situation. What when Yoongi came back? What if he didn't know what to say, what if he would stutter, what if Yoongi would tell him he was a nuisance, what if, what if, what if–He jumped up from the bed and realized he was plain naked. Of course, he slept naked a lot. But Yoongi had seen him. Out of all the fucking people of the world. He felt his cheeks burn, and quickly scanned the bedroom floor for his clothes. He hastily put them on, he had never put them on so quickly after a night like this. For some reason, Yoongi’s presence made him so fucking nervous, he did everything too fast. He got up, but realized he didn't have a plan. Was he just going to stay here? But then? What? Were they just going to have breakfast like nothing had happened? He had no idea what was normal, he hadn't done this enough–Leaving was the safest option, probably. But the smile. He wanted to stay, but the nerves drove him crazy.He forced his feet in his shoes too quickly, tied the laces too messily. Then he realized he better should’ve put them on later if he wanted to leave silently. He took them off again, hooked his fingers in them and threw one last glance at the room to make sure he had all his stuff.As quiet as he could, he tiptoed through the hallway. Closed the door behind him as softly as possible, already regretting it. There was no way back now. Hookups were dumb, were a mistake, he hated them, and he had always, deep down known this would happen someday. Leaving a piece of himself behind, trapped behind someone’s door. He ran one floor lower and sat down on the stairs to tie his shoes, unregular breath escaping from his mouth. His bottom lip was already trembling. There, in the stairwell, a boy was crying just like he had done months ago. He was older, he was taller, he was stronger. But he cried just like those months ago.



Chapter End Notes
First, I want to thank everyone who left comments on the previous updates, your feedback really helps me to reflect on this story and make it better! ♡ ♡ ♡I actually take your thoughts in consideration and use some elements in the story :))I've also decided to add an extra chapter! Initially, had planned 5 chapters, but it will be 6 !!You gave me some really cute ideas, so it will be like an epilogue? You'll see hehe


So I Give In To You
Chapter Notes
okay, pretty fast update this time :'')enjoy!! FLUFF??¿?it's a lot of dialogue i'm sorry shkjfsj also this is 6k

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Yoongi flicked his phone away for the fifth time that day. It landed on the couch, luckily, and he almost immediately picked it up again, just like the other six times. He sighed as he found himself scrolling through his contacts again, ending up on that one name.A blank profile picture, no other information attached to it. Only a name. 
Jungkook (possible stalker?)
 He frowned and removed the words between brackets from the contact while wondering why he hadn't done that before. 
Possible stalker?
Yoongi scoffed. It had been a year and he hadn't heard anything from him again. Not directly at least. For some weird reason, Namjoon had befriended him and from time to time, he dropped Jungkook's name. (He clearly recalls the day he came home and Namjoon had told him he had met Jungkook. “That boy is really something else, hyung,” he had frowned. “So honest. Big sense of righteousness, if you ask me.”) So yes. Jungkook had left him alone. Just what Yoongi had wished for so badly from the moment he had found the little note in his mailbox. But things were different now. Better. A lot better. Not perfect. But better.Mainly because of a recommendation from Namjoon, Yoongi had decided to see a psychologist for some time. And he had realised he should’ve done that much earlier. Now he didn't shove his furniture around every ten minutes, the habitude abandoned together with some other bad routines. His mind felt a little more at peace, and most importantly, he was able to appreciate himself again.Not perfect, but better.And recently a certain boy had been on his mind, in his dreams even, faintly teasing his heartbeat. The more his heart was at peace, the more it started to flutter because of those memories. Yoongi kind of didn't want to admit to the ridiculous feeling, but he couldn't push them away anymore. Everytime Namjoon or Taehyung mentioned his name, his heart stupidly fluttered.  (“I can't believe Taehyung played Fortnite with Jungkook for a whole fucking night. I had to peel him off the bed to get his ass to college.)("Huh, that movie? Ah yes, we went to see it, it was a good one. Jungkookie ate all the popcorn, though. Namjoonie-hyung was a little upset about it, so he bought him his favorite crips after.")("Oh, and Jungkook came over and he brought ten packs of ramen with him. I didn't know what to do with them, but I was kinda moved, to be honest.") Everything his friends told about him, sounded sweet and funny. He enjoyed listening to the stories, and the thoughts made him feel fuzzy and anxious at the same time. Last week, when he had been calling with Namjoon, he had heard a familiar voice in the background. Not Taehyung – someone else – but familiar. His heart had almost jumped out of his throat when he had heard it. Soft, talking with someone about something inaudible. That breathy voice. So close, but hopelessly out of reach. Unbearable. At that moment, he realized he had been running away long enough from his own bullshit. 
It had been a fucking year. Jungkook was so fucking close.
He sighed and looked at the contact again, wishing it had a cute picture of Jungkook attached to it. Then, he tossed it into the pillows and groaned. “What’s wrong?”Yoongi looked up. Taehyung’s voice was smooth and deep as always, a pleasant sound in his ears, something he could appreciate. “I’m just–” he rubbed over his temple, his black hair brushing his fingers. Why did he feel so nervous? “checking stuff.”“Ah.” The younger boy focussed on his book again. It was nice to have him over like this, Yoongi thought. Namjoon was abroad for some days because of his work, so Taehyung was staying over at his.  (“I feel so lonely when Namjoonie-hyung isn’t home.” Yoongi could clearly hear the pout through the speaker. “Can I come over?”He felt a warm feeling spread through his body. Taehyung had enough other friends for sure. More fun friends. He should know Yoongi liked to stay inside, that he didn’t always have proper food in his fridge. So, he felt flattered, to say at least. “You know I’m boring, right?” he still tried, biting on his lip to hide a smile that didn’t need to be hided.Taehyung giggled. “I’m used to Namjoon-hyung. I actually like quiet company.”) Yoongi had long ago realized the younger was significantly calmer when Namjoon wasn’t around. Especially at these moments, he could see it again. They were both quiet, serene, doing their own thing while simply enjoying each other’s company. He wondered if Jungkook would be like that too. It had been too short, he couldn’t know. Lately he had been wondering a lot about him. Every time he felt lonely in his apartment, he had wondered. Yearned, almost. For his presence, for him to be there every morning. So he could settle himself next to his warmth on the couch every night. Yoongi wondered when he had become like this, he couldn’t remember when it started, but he knew it was becoming worse every day.  “Taehyung?” Of course he had to ask Taehyung, expert in love and big-heartedness and whatever.“Hm?” the younger boy smiled at him and Yoongi's heart sunk. “Do you think, eh. That I'm, like– qualified for a relationship? I mean, a romantic relationship. A good one.”Taehyung raised an eyebrow, amusement barely visible on his face. “Hyung, you're asking me if you're qualified to date?”“Not just dating. A relationship.”Yoongi expected a grin at least. A snorty laugh, maybe. But the other remained plain serious, and for some reason, it was relieving. “I think you can tell that better for yourself. I believe you feel it when you're ready.”“Yeah, but how? I haven't done this in so long, I kinda forgot how to do it. Don't even know if I ever did it right.”“Okay, ehm. Why do you want a relationship? To be happy? Or to make someone else happy?”None of them? Both? He didn't know. “I don't necessarily want a relationship. I just want to, maybe, start dating again and if it would turn into a relationship–”“So you want to date with the purpose of a relationship?” It was a little awkward, Taehyung asking him these kind of sharp questions, considering he was younger. But at the same time, it felt natural. Yoongi was happy to get some honest feedback.“No–”“But why would you date, then?”“I–” Yoongi sighed. Taehyung never got lost in insignificant details, he just went straight to the point, the exact hard questions. “There's someone I’m interested in. And there's a small, tiny chance he might mayhaps be still interested in me?”Taehyung probably knew who he always talking about. But maybe he had no clue. He could imagine Namjoon had never told him how he had met Jungkook, to save the youngest from embarrassment.“Do you want a relationship with him?” Taehyung asked.“Well— if he's still into me. I just want to give it a shot, but if it turns into something, I don't want to fuck it up. So yeah, if we match…”“Oh.. I understand.” Taehyung's voice wavered a little, deep like always. He was quiet for some time before he turned to Yoongi again, “Are you happy right now?”Huh?“Yeah. I think I am.” He meant it. He was thankful for a lot of things, there was nothing to really complain about. Most of the time when he looked in the mirror now, he liked the person he saw looking back at him. “I know why you're asking, but I don’t think I need someone to be happy,” he muttered. “But, you know. Someone would be nice.”Taehyung smiled at him, “I think you're qualified, hyung.” ------❇------ Yoongi glanced at his phone on the couch again and the next moment, the screen was right under his fingers. He puffed his cheeks, let them inflate. He felt like he was going to lose everything because of this text, everything he didn’t even have yet. Everything he never had given the chance to grow.
Fuck, just do it.
 

You:
hey, i don't know if you still remember me, it's yoongi. maybe we could talk? 
He immediately regretted the text. Of course he remembered him, he was hanging out with Namjoon all the time, someone he had met in his own fucking house.No answer followed. Maybe Jungkook really only wanted to hang out with his friends now, wasn't interested in him anymore. Why would he?He clicked with his tongue, ashamed of himself. Pouring himself a coffee would distract himself from it. He took his phone with him to the kitchen, placed it on the counter next to the coffee machine. Suddenly the screen lighted up and his heartbeat sped up immediately. Yoongi almost didn’t dare to look.  
Jungkook: 
yoongi hyung?? He could help but smile at those words, wary relief washing over him. He remembered him. He was still calling him hyung. 

You: 
yeah it's me 
Three dots appeared in Jungkook's text bubble, he was typing. Jungkook was on his phone right now. Thinking of him. It took rather long, but the answer was short. 
Jungkook: 
oh More typing. 
Jungkook: 
u want to talk? Yoongi’s brain short circuited. What does he say, what does he say?
The original plan.
 
You: im not good in talking over text so maybe we could meet? 
It took some time again until Jungkook answered. 
Jungkook: 
okay
can we meet at a cafr
*cafe Jungkook seemed distant through text, and perhaps Yoongi was just imagining things. Of course he was distant, who wouldn't? They hadn't talked for over a year, and the last time they did, he had rejected him. He felt suddenly nauseous, ashamed.  

You: 
yeah that's fine for me :) 
He stared at the emoji. Felt dumb. He hoped he wasn’t cutting old wounds, hoped that Jungkook hadn't been through a hard time forgetting about him. Maybe this was all disgustingly selfish. But what if he still– 
Jungkook: 
ill send u an address Yoongi opened the attached file, it was some vegan cafe downtown. Relieved, he realized had been there a couple times for a coffee, they had pretty good student deals sometimes. 
You: nice, ill see you there tomorrow?
Jungkook: yes!! A careful smile spread over his face when he saw the rather enthusiastic answer. Maybe this idea wasn't that bad after all. Jungkook: what time fits for u?
You: anytime, im free tomorrow 
Tomorrow was a Saturday, he realized.  Just like the day he had woken up next to Jungkook. When he looked back, that moment had been one of the most comforting and beautiful moments he had lived in that period of his life.Beautiful, but also awful. He awakened from his pondering by the buzz off his phone. 
Jungkook: 
4 pm?
You: sure. see you then
 He tried to tell himself he didn't really care if this was going to turn into a friendship, or nothing, or something more. That he was just intrigued by the boy. Wanted to clear up some shit. But deep down, he knew he was hoping for something more. ------❇------ Yoongi puffed his cheeks at his reflection. He had surely spend too much time on his outfit for a meeting like this. Be casual.Too casual. That's shaggy.A little more preppy.Too preppy.In the end, he went with a big plaid, a white shirt and ripped jeans, which made him look cuter than he felt. He was undoubtedly too early for a meeting like this, too. But he just didn't want to make Jungkook wait, to give him the feeling he didn't care, or worse, had bailed on him.His plan was to claim a place and wait for Jungkook. Turned out Jungkook had came up with the same plan.“Oh,” he stunned out when he saw Jungkook on the other side of the place, a small table in the corner. The younger’s eyes widened as he stole a glance at him from across the room and blushed. Yoongi felt as if someone had punched his heart, making it hard for him to breathe properly.He walked over, manoeuvring between the metal-framed, pastel-painted, retro-like tables. Too much adjectives for a table. That's what you get with vegan cafes.When he arrived, Jungkook blushed even more. He had the feeling he was appearing rather the same at the moment. “Hey,” he muttered as he sat down in front of him.“Hi,” the younger clearly had a hard time keeping eye contact, but his voice was airy as always. Sweet and shy. “It's been a while.” “Yeah,” he played with his rings, spinned them around his fingers. His eyes darted to Jungkook, “How have you been?” Jungkook kept showing unusual interest in the table, “Oh… just– fine, I guess.” He had grown, Yoongi noticed. His features seemed slightly more mature, although he couldn't pinpoint the exact changes. Maybe the way he sat on his chair, taking a bit more space than before. The way his jaw was more pronounced and his cheeks were less puffy. The way his shirt stretched around his chest a little tighter, more muscle than he could remember. It suddenly irked him that his friends had already seen him like this, had seen him grow. And he hadn't had a clue.It felt surreal to sit in front of him like this, he was scared Jungkook was going to disappear at any moment. While he was the one who had always runned away from him. He saw the younger had already ordered a coffee for himself. The way he was folding his fingers around it? Definitely more veins. “Is that americano?” Yoongi pointed at the cup, feeling dumb.“Oh– oh, no..” Jungkook rambled, “no, that's hot chocolate, actually… And I didn't know what you like, so! Otherwise, I would–”“It's fine. I'll get something,” he was already standing up again, added a smile to his sentence to make sure Jungkook knew he truly didn't mind. “Do you want something to go with your chocolate? A muffin maybe?”“No, no…” he ran his fingers through his hair, nervously fixing it without any need. It wasn't black anymore, like before, but a soft shade of dark brown. “Just get your drink, hyung.”Yoongi felt his heart leap at the last word, and it felt ridiculous. When someone else said it, he didn't care that much. But when Jungkook called him so, something fierce awakened in him. A part that wanted to pay for his food and, for good measure, his tuition fees.“I mean it, my treat. It's the least I can do after all the shit I gave you.”The air immediately thickened with tension, one he didn't want to create. An incoherent word stream of denials and apologies left Jungkook's mouth, ending somewhere between “you did nothing wrong” and “donuts are nice”.It made Yoongi snort. He camouflaged it skillfully as a cough and walked towards the counter to order an americano and a donut. “Thank you…” Jungkook uttered when Yoongi shoved the donut towards his side. “I like these the most,” he said as he poked at the pink icing. “Strawberry.”“Strawberry,” Yoongi parroted, because maybe it was important. He felt dumb after.“Yeah,” Jungkook sighed, one filled with sad nostalgia. “Strawberry.”It made Yoongi wonder if he remembered, it made his cheeks paint with awkwardness. Strawberry tasted like chewing gum and Jungkook. Felt like soft sheets and warm bodies and embarrassing things. Strawberry was a nice flavour, maybe. Definitely.“Okay, so. How have you really been?” Yoongi asked to change the topic, which seemed to go nowhere and everywhere.“Really been?” Jungkook’s eyes were wider as usual when he met his. Pretty, brownish black eyes. They matched his hair well.Yoongi shifted a little in his seat. “Yeah, well. Everyone says they've been fine. I want to know if you've actually, really been fine.”Maybe Jungkook didn't expect a genuine question, because he seemed flustered, “You're still as nice...”“Are– are you still gonna tell me or–”, he tripped over his words, blushing.“I've actually been really doing fine, hyung. Busy with my study and stuff, but fine.”“That's good to hear,” he nodded, a bit relieved. “I missed you, though…” Jungkook's words were almost a whisper and maybe he hadn't planned to say this. It was so hard to hear, that soft whisper feeling like it ripped his heart out. “That's–” his voice got stuck in his throat. He swallowed. “I'm sorry.”Jungkook quickly rejected his apology, “No, no it's okay. I'm just– it's just me…” He blinked heavily and Yoongi was scared he was going to cry.“Don't say that. You did nothing wrong–”“Why are you here?” Jungkook cut him off and his voice was trembling, but also sharp, rougher than usual. However, the tears in his eyes didn't go unnoticed by Yoongi and maybe Jungkook was scared, too. Scared of getting hurt again. Jungkook probably didn't want to see him ever again, he realized with a sting in his chest. He had hurt him enough, and right when the boy had managed to get over him, he had messed everything up by showing up again.“I–” he still should be honest, he should've always been honest, “I wanted to kind of ask you out…” It sounded ridiculous when he said the words out loud, as if his feelings were still relevant at this point. “Lately I've been thinking about, well– you. And that I want to start dating again and how I like you...”
It was all useless, Jungkook didn't want him.
“Oh.” Jungkook stared at his hot chocolate, which was probably cold by now. “Y-you like me?”Yoongi started to feel so bad, but he needed to tell him the truth, Jungkook deserved it. “Honestly, I've kinda liked you since we first met. You’re– you're sort of my type and you're sweet and cute and funny and nice. I liked having you. B-but–” his voice was shaking a little and suddenly it felt like everyone in the cafe was staring at him, waiting for him to say something wrong. “But I was scared of, you know. Feelings. You scared the shit out of me to be honest. I had forgotten how those felt… And then you confessed to me– I swear, at another time and another place, I would've said yes. But I was so scared. Of those feelings and that I couldn't give you what you deserve…” He felt tears sting under his eyelids and was grateful Jungkook had picked a table in the corner, where people wouldn't give them any attention. “You're a really nice person and I was scared of hurting you,” he finished. He looked at the younger and hoped he would understand.Jungkook smiled a sad smile at nothing in particular, “I– I knew you didn't want to date but I didn't know all these things… But I kind of understood. I'm happy your friend explained me.”“O-oh?” Yoongi stammered, making a note to himself to interrogate Namjoon the next time he saw him.“Yeah, he said you were in a– delicate stage or something? So I didn't want to bother you anymore. For real.”“And now I'm just bothering you, right? I'm sorry. I can just let you be if you want, or–”“No!” the younger almost shouted, but the volume was still not enough for people to look up. Yoongi ducked a little in his seat as Jungkook proceeded, “Hyung– I tried to forget you but, eh. Didn't really work. Maybe when I started liking someone else, but eh– Also didn't happen... So I decided to wait.”“To wait?”“Yeah. Namjoon-hyung said it was a phase? So maybe, it would get better. So I kinda waited for you.”Yoongi was dumbfounded. “So you– waited for me? All that time?”Jungkook shrugged, “Yeah.”He felt his cheeks glow heavily, the tears from earlier stain them. “Wow,” he coughed out, and he noticed he felt more relieved than he should be. “You really didn't have to. But I think I'm still a bit selfish, because I’m happy you did.”Jungkook shrugged again, and this time, tears were rolling down his flushed face. Why were they so fucking emotional? “Thanks for l-liking me and not forgetting me. You texted me.”“I would've liked to do it earlier, but– you see. A healing process. Before I could talk to you again,” he mumbled. Talking about these things were only a little hard with Jungkook.“Well, thanks for waiting too, hyung,” Jungkook beamed at him and maybe it was that smile which had made Yoongi weak, one and a half year ago, for the first time. That beautiful, giddy smile.“So…” Yoongi started, but he didn't really know what to say.“So,” Jungkook echoed, “you really wanted to ask me out?”“If you're okay with everything  that happened. If my explanation was enough?”Jungkook nodded and he was suddenly shy again. “But– eh. We don't really match… like, in bed. I mean, I don't mind but if you–”“I also don't fucking mind,” he interrupted him. He had thought about this a lot, and now he could see everything more clear. What exactly had happened that night. “To be honest, that night with you was one of the best I ever had. Just hated the confusion. And stuff. I was super conflicted about a lot of shit but the sex was like. Really nice, actually.”Jungkook sipped his chocolate, probably to hide the embarrassed relief on his cheeks. “O-oh..” he said eventually. “I liked it too. A lot. With you.”
With you.
Yoongi sighed happily, “Great.”“Just one last question?”“Hit me,” he smiled.“Not that it's going to make things different but– did you see anyone else since we last met?”Yoongi knew what he meant, and that it was important to him for some reason. He bit his lips, trying to avoid the grin that was threatening to take his face over. Because Jungkook seemed a little jealous, or maybe just too curious and it was kind of endearing.“No, I didn't. And I want to say that I wished I had met you under different circumstances. You're a sweet guy and I only used you for sex. You didn’t deserve that.”Maybe he was uselessly tensing the air again, but he needed to get it off his chest, for Jungkook to know.“I did the same in the end…” Jungkook mumbled, bashful eyes.“Yeah, but it's different.” Yoongi just knew. The looks Jungkook had given him hadn't been those of pure lust. He hadn't looked at him like a toy. “You didn't want just sex, right?” And perhaps these questions were too intimate for now, but the topic was there and it had been bothering Yoongi for a while, “You wanted something more.”Jungkook took a quick sip of his drink, cringed. “I guess so… Yeah.” Yoongi understood. The empty feeling of lonely nights in someone else's bed. The feeling of craving something more, hoping for something more. Something that person can't give you. It was horrible. Suddenly he felt so bad for Jungkook, wondered how many nights he had spend that way, how much he had suffered.“How many–?” he brought out, the words leaving his lips against his own will.“How many what?”“How many times? Did you–”
Hurt?
“Oh,” He didn't know if Jungkook understood but he was answering anyway. He offered an empty smile at his donut. Strawberry. “Don't really know, I didn't count. Yours was the last.”Oh.“I n-never really wanted to–” the younger murmured, “I just wanted to meet people… didn't want to feel lonely..” The words made Yoongi's chest ache. He wanted to wrap his arms around him, warm. He wanted him to be never lonely again. He knew it was an impossible task, but he could do his best for Jungkook.“I understand,” he cut him off. His hand slipped over the table, found Jungkook's. It was warm and soft and he folded his fingers around his. Jungkook visible startled for a quick moment, but then relaxed. “I understand,” he repeated as he gave him a gentle smile.The younger dared to make eye contact and in that brief moment they shared, they understood. No more words were needed. It was okay now.For some minutes, maybe hours, they enjoyed a comfortable silence. Some eye contact. The feeling of each other’s warmth. Jungkook's eyes were so nice. The little golden specks clearly visible in his big irises.  “So you study?” Yoongi was the first to break the silence, his eyes observing the way his fingertips were tracing the knuckles of Jungkook's hand.Jungkook smiled for a moment, maybe embarrassed. “Yeah I– yeah. Art. I'm an art student.”Something tinged in his stomach, not a bad feeling. Jungkook was an art student. The more he learned about him, the more intrigued he became. So Jungkook was a creative mind, someone who was sensitive to colours and shapes maybe. Composition. “Art?” He felt his eyes enlarge in excitement, hoped it didn't scare Jungkook. “What kind of art?”“Oh—” that embarrassed smile was there again, for no reason. “Kind of everything, drawing, painting, sculpting, photography. I'm still orientating.”“That's like– fucking cool,” Yoongi blurted out. Jungkook's head snapped up, slightly bewildered. Then a smile bloomed on his face, shy but big.“I mean,” the older carried on, “I can't draw for shit but I really appreciate art. And I'm kinda-isch into photography?”“Oh,” Jungkook's smile widened into a grin. “That's cool, hyung,” he said. And then, “Maybe we can do it together sometime.”Yoongi felt his heart beat a little faster with stupid excitement. “Yes! That would be nice. I would love to learn some tricks from a pro.”The younger shaked his face quickly, “No no, I'm not a pro. I'm only in my first year…”“Damn, you're so bad at flirting. Don't bring yourself down like that,” the older snorted.Jungkook's eyes gave away a glimpse of something fierce, pulled his hand away from Yoongi's, “I can flirt. Just didn't feel like it was needed here. Hyung.”“Ah,” Yoongi hushed. Didn't think it was a good idea to bring up Jungkook's ridiculous pick-up lines. “Why not?”“Just–” the younger pouted, then his lips formed a thin line. “I'm not trying to– get something from you.”A silence fell over them, a less comfortable one, because Yoongi didn't know what to reply. Jungkook’s voice sounded unsure when he spoke again, a little high pitched. “Are you mad? Do you want me to flirt with you?”
Mad? For fucks sake.
Yoongi couldn't help but snicker, while shaking his head. “Why the would I be mad? I don't get mad at such dumb things. Honestly, I don't really get mad a lot, at all.”“Oh.” “Just don’t bring yourself down.”He reached for Jungkook's hand again because he was cute. Touched the cup that was in between his fingers in the process.“Your hot chocolate turned cold..” he whispered, his fingertips pausing at the paper surface.“Why are we whispering?” the younger whispered back, his soft voice floating.“I don't know.” Honestly. “But shall I get you a new one?”“Nah,” Jungkook’s speech was normal volume again, but still airy. “Just finish your coffee first, hyung.”Yoongi stared at his cup. “But it's cold too.”“Hyung. It's americano,” Jungkook deadpanned, although his eyes gave away a playful glint, one that was probably thinking he was a dumbass.Yoongi was a dumbass.“Oh,” he said a bit sheepishly. “Do you want to hold hands then? Since our drinks are cold…”The answer was a laugh, ending in a cute giggle. And a warm hand, locking with his fingers. “Still how I remembered,” Jungkook floundered. It reminded Yoongi of how they had done this before, months and months ago, short and in a haze, but still. He decided to hold that hand longer, much longer, than before. “I like your hands,” he muttered. I like you. “They feel nice in mine.”Jungkook looked at their hands, fingers intertwined. “Yeah.”“I like your hair too, by the way.” And maybe Yoongi was going to start a list of things he liked about him. “The color fits you. Not that your own is any less pretty.”“Oh,” Jungkook ran his free fingers through his fringe, “thanks. I like yours too. Black.”Yoongi hummed, vaguely recalling he used to have a lighter shade way back then, and it was probably Jungkook's first time seeing him in his natural color. “I like black the most. Just my own.”“Yeah, I like it too. Also on myself, I mean.”He didn't question why he had dyed it then. Jungkook sure had his reasons. And why not? “So,” he grinned, curious for more about him. “are you like– vegan?”“W-what, why?”“This is a vegan cafe.”“Oh. Yes. But no. Uh, I mean– I'm a veggie.”Yoongi raised an eyebrow. “So just no meat?”“Yes,” Jungkook blushed, “tried to be vegan for some time. But I couldn't let go off the banana milk 'n stuff…”He was a little baffled. He was pretty sure that was the last reason he would take into consideration when making such life choices. “But isn't there– soya banana milk? I swear I've seen those in stores.”Jungkook's eyes widened in the cutest, most endearing way. “Oh shit, hyung, I think you're right.”Yoongi swallowed a scoff, but his voice came out just plain soft, “At least do your research. Time to reconsider your lifestyle.”“I was gonna curse at you but then I remembered I like you too much.”The older chuckled. Jungkook had already made him laugh too many times in one day. His cheeks were beginning to hurt. 
Better get used to it.
Jungkook was quiet for a second. “You don't think it's a hassle? I mean, we can't go to a lot of places–”To be honest, it was kind of sexy. And it was also cute. Everything about Jungkook was so cute. He couldn’t hold back a smirk from taking over his face, “What if I would say yes?”The younger frowned, the grip on his hands becoming slightly uncomfortable. “I would kindly tell you to fuck off.”Yoongi snorted. “Sounds reasonable. Why did you even ask then?”“Because I wanted to know if had to tell you to fuck off.” “Pfft,” the answer made him snicker, “I like that.”“So I take that as a reply that I don’t have to tell you off?”“Yes. Of course I don’t mind. As long as you don't force me to eat chickpeas. I hate those things.”This time, it was Jungkook's turn to laugh.“How can you not like chickpeas? They're the best, hyung!”“Maybe I want to reconsider dating you,” Yoongi poked his tongue out, but his cheeks were already hurting again from smiling so much.Jungkook held his breath for a moment. “We're really doing this, right?”“Dating?”“Uhu.”Yoongi smiled, leaned his chin on his palm so he could comfortably stare at his pretty face. “Yeah. Proper dating.”The other beamed at him, all teeth and eye smiles and Yoongi really hoped this would work out.  ------❇------- It had been a few weeks and they seemed to match well. Initially, Yoongi had a lot of doubts about their preferences not fitting, or being too different from each other. However, their taste was really similar, not only in music, but also in movies.Jungkook turned out to be an introvert like him, so they understood each other well. They both prefered staying in over going out, so most of the time they just hung out at each other's places. Well, Jungkook mainly came over to Yoongi's. Yoongi had never been at Jungkook's place, actually. It had just happened like this, they had some dates and two of them had been at Yoongi's appartement, just innocent dinner dates with a lot of talking. Normally, Yoongi would probably have kissed him a few times already, but this time, he had refrained from it. Because he wanted to take it slow as he had to get used to it again. A good relationship. And he wanted to give Jungkook the chance to decide the pace, especially after the younger had confessed he had never had a serious relationship before.“Jungkook-ah?” his voce wandered through the living room, reached Jungkook who was lying on his carpet. (Because that boy would do his push-ups on his floor and Yoongi was a little too fond to question it. Yoongi had maybe laid down a carpet again, solely for that reason.)“Yeah, hyung?”“Can we do next time at your place?”Jungkook rolled over so he was on his stomach, resting his chin on his arms. His nose was brushing over the carpet, suddenly a tad shy. “Uh,” he mumbled. “I guess.”“You sure? You seem a little–”“Yes! It's just– it's not that much, really. And it's small. And I need to clean.”“You don't live in a cardboard box, don't you?”“No no no! But it's not an apartment, like yours. It's kind of a– room?” Jungkook didn't seem too sure himself.Yoongi slipped of the couch to sit down in front of the younger, legs crossed. “Jungkook. I've been a student too. Trust me, I've been there. Just because I have a flat now, doesn't mean I never lived in a cramped room that barely holds a bed. So don't worry about a thing.”Jungkook exhaled and his breath fanned over the carpet fibers, tickling Yoongi's toes. “Do you want to help me with my sit-ups, hyung?”“Yah. Don't avoid the topic!”“Okay okay. I'll take you to my room next time.” Jungkook sat up, leaning on his hands. “Can you sit on my back now?”“I'm not sure if I want to do that. What if you get stronger? You could flick me out of the window.”“I'll never flick you out of the window!” Jungkook's eyes were big and full of offense.“How do I know for sure?”The younger's face turned furiously red, “Because I like you!”“Oh.” His voice softened and his hand was already cupping one of Jungkook's cheeks. The latter moved closer, just to hook a couple of fingers around his nape, pulling Yoongi softly towards him. Yoongi’s heartbeat was speeding up like a stupid teenager, his mouth was suddenly a little dry. He licked his lips, quickly stole a glance at Jungkook’s. Looked into his eyes, the prettiest shade of brown.They met each other in a kiss, so gentle it could have been their first. But it wasn't, Yoongi realised. They had done this before, decades ago. They had done a lot of things before. He almost regretted it, all the things they had already done. That wouldn't have a first time anymore. He should keep it gentle, chaste, sweet. Like how a first kiss between two lovers should be.Jungkook's skin was soft, his lips were soft, his touch was soft. Yoongi didn't want this to end. “I like you a lot,” he whispered, in between small pecks, just enough to make Jungkook gasp lightly. A smile against his lips. He cupped his cheeks a little stronger, wanting to squeeze Jungkook so badly, beyond. He wanted to fully embrace him, every inch of his body, making sure it was real, that he wouldn't disappear at any moment.Jungkook reacted instinctively to his touch, wrapped his arms around Yoongi's back, strong and solid, the fabric of his shirt crumpling unders his fingers. A tiny whimper escaped from Yoongi's lips.“Fuck, I like you so much.”The younger chuckled into the crook of his neck, making his skin bristle. “You've been potty mouthed since I know you, hyung.”“You're making me curse,” Yoongi smiled contently, happily. He closed his eyes, bathing in Jungkook's warmth. This could last forever. 



Chapter End Notes
i love you all akjsfkj i don't have a lot to say this timeTHANK YOU FOR READING AND PLS STAY FOR THE LAST CHAPTER IT'S GON BE A LOT OF FLUFForiginally this was the ending but i started to love this story so much that i wanted to add an extra :')don't forget to leave kudos and comments ♡ ♡ ♡i'll drop my @ here quietly   be my friend---------------EDIT: the next update will probably take a bit longer than usual, because i'm pretty busy with exams and a paper :((but it will also be long! and there will be some very fluffy smut too so that's something to anticipate i guess :3


Because I Think This Will Last
Chapter Notes
OK HERE IT ISi'm sorry for the long wait :((( i had some busy weeks and i wanted the last chapter to be good uwuIT'S 7k !!! to make it up for you all ♡ ♡ ♡enjoy the fluff n smut it's all soft :')also i'm sorry for replying to comments super late, i was a lil chaotic hsjsdksk

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




“So, eh..” Jungkook swallowed a little nervously. “This is it.”He gestured dumbly towards his room, standing next to the doorframe to let Yoongi in. He should've cleaned some more. Yoongi's eyes wandered over the small place, the bed (cramped between three walls), the tiny desk, the closet that seemed neat, but was actually a mess inside.Yoongi smiled as he stepped inside the room. “Cute.”“Yeah?” He closed the door behind him.“Yeah. You have a shower?”“Oh, it's– in the corridor. We have common showers. And a shared bathroom and stuff.”“Ah. That sucks.”“Yeah, well. It's cheap at least.” he muttered. Yoongi hummed and his gaze tiptoed over the art supplies and big paintings he hadn't been able to tidy up. Jungkook could see his eyes glimmer with something that looked like excitement. “Hyung, what are you thinking?”The older snapped out of his trance. “Oh? I just like seeing your place. Where you live and stuff.” He sat down on his bed, bouncing contently on the mattress. “It's cozy. You.”“It's cozy because you're here, to be honest.” It wasn't even meant like an attempt at flirting, just the plain truth.Yoongi quirked his eyebrow up, a smile playing around his lips. “Oh?”“I mean, I don't even need to turn on my heater.” And this was definitely flirting. Yoongi seemed to enjoy it, however. “Why is that?” he asked, and of course he knew the cheesy answer that would come.Jungkook just rolled with it, confidently, cheekily. “Because you're hella hot.”“Wrong.”“Huh?”Yoongi smirked, his eyes more cat-like and sharp than ever. “It's because I'm gonna rob your closet so I don't catch a damn cold here.”“O-oh. Okay.” He remembered too late that the inside of his closet was the actual definition of chaos.”Wait–”But Yoongi had already opened the door and all the stuff was rolling out of it like an avalanche. The older stared at the pile of clothes that had buried his shoes and was silent for some good seconds. This was so fucking awkward. Jungkook wanted to disappear. But then Yoongi just– cracked up. An almost soundless, but intense laugh. He started to laugh so hard, it left Jungkook baffled.“Hyung?” he tried, “Are you laughing at me?”“Pffft, no,” the older snorted and he hold onto the wooden door to prevent himself from folding in two. “This is so dumb. I can't fucking breathe–” he hiccuped. Maybe it was the cutest sound in the universe.But he still didn't get it. “Why? It's just clothes.”“It's just clothes!” Yoongi started to laugh harder and maybe there wasn't any good reason. Jungkook decided to just wait until it was over, but Yoongi's laugh was so contagious, that he also cracked up after some seconds.Everytime they looked at the with sweaters scattered floor, it became funnier somehow.  “Okay,” Yoongi sighed as he was beginning to come back to his senses. He dabbed his eyes as he sat down on the bed again and snickered at the sight under their feet. “Pffft, it's still funny.”“Okay, okay, I get it,” Jungkook decided to sit down next to him, “I'm messy.”“Obviously. But that's not the funny part.”“What's the funny part then?”Yoongi shrugged, a big grin still blooming on his face. “Every other part.”His eyes skimmed over the pile of clothes. “Now, which sweater shall I steal?”“Who says you have the right to steal my sweaters?” Yoongi paused and turned his face to him, a warning hint in his eyes. “—hyung,” Jungkook added quickly.“Since I'm cold and you shouldn't waste money on your heater, I'm qualified to steal your clothes to make us both happy.”“You sound like a communist, hyung.”“Fuck capitalism lives,” Yoongi deadpanned, and he plucked a black hoodie out of the pile. “Nice. Just my color. Ah well, not exactly color.’“Black is a–”“Nobody asked, Michelangelo,” he pulled the hoodie over his head, causing his black hair to tousle in the sweetest way. Jungkook could’ve sworn they formed two little cat ears for a moment, before falling back into place. He couldn’t resist the the messiness of Yoongi’s hair, the slightly flushed color on his face, it was all so pretty, so pure, so fine. His hands were already fumbling through the soft strands, ruffling it up and bringing a shy smile to Yoongi’s face, who pulled his feet on the bed, shoes getting lost somewhere on the floor. “You don’t mind, right?”Jungkook looked at his feet, clad in stripey socks and although they were big, those were the cutest feet. “No. Of course not.”“Nice,” and Yoongi’s eyes became small crescents as he moved over the mattress and leaned his back against one of the walls. He sighed contently while he looked out of the window. “It’s nice. Pass me a pillow.”The younger silently tossed a pillow at his direction while wondering what Yoongi was enjoying so much. There was nothing to see out of the window. It was literally a view on the boring roof of a big supermarket. He kicked his shoes out too and from his peripheral, he saw the older place the pillow behind his back. “What’s there to see?” he asked him as he settled himself against the opposite wall. The hoodie was too big for Yoongi and it made him look even smaller than usual, and Jungkook permitted himself to stare. Stare at the way the long sleeves formed sweater paws around his slim hands. The way the black fabric contrasted with his pale skin. The way it loosely folded over his pronounced collarbones. Everything about Yoongi was beautiful and tender.“Oh,” Yoongi opened his mouth, and it was slightly pouty. “It’s the view.”“There is no view.”“No, Kook.” And maybe the nickname escaped from Yoongi’s lips for the first time, and maybe it sounded like the most natural thing in the universe. “It’s your view. It’s the little patch of sky that you get to see everyday. It’s special.” ------❇------ “I’m nervous.”Jungkook stopped tying his laces for a moment to raise his eyebrows at Yoongi. “But they’re your friends. I mean, you know them a lot longer than me.”“Yeah but–” Yoongi bit his lip, unsure, “It’s the first time they’ll see us together. And I’m not used to double dates...”“Hyung, they both know us. It’s not like you need to introduce anyone.”Yoongi seemed to relax a little. “Oh. Yeah.” He put his scarf on, which was way too big for him. Jungkook melted a little.“It's not even that cold, hyung,” he snickered, earning a glare from the older.“It's march,” he drawled, “I don't know how you're surviving without even a jacket, but I don't like getting cold.”“Kay,” Jungkook chimed. “Let's go.”“Yeah.” They took the stairs since the elevator was always broken. The stairs where Jungkook had cried on months and months ago. Those times seemed like an eternity ago, or like it had happened in a past life. Now, everything was different. The air outside was a bit breezy, but not too cold. “Fuck,” the curse came from Yoongi's direction, “I'm freezing.” Somehow, he even managed to breath visible little clouds into the air. “It's like 5 degrees, it's chill.”“I don't like cold. Let's go back inside–”“Hyung.”“Just kidding.” Yoongi lowered his eyes. “Your hand looks heavy.”“What–”“Here. Lemme hold it for you.” He folded his fingers around his, slowly intertwining them and slipped their hands into the deep pocket of his coat. “Kay, now we can go.”“You…” Jungkook couldn't help but smile at Yoongi's smug face, while they starting walking to the restaurant, “you always come after my pickup lines and now–”“Tsk. It's not a pickup line, I just want to hold your hand.”“You can always hold my hand. No lines needed.”“But it makes it more fun.”“So you like them.”“Ye- NO.”“Ha. Got you.”“No.”“Hyung,” Jungkook paused and forced Yoongi to do the same, since their hands were connected. He looked at his face and smirked.“Your lips look so lonely, hyung.”Yoongi's stubborn look changed to something more confused, “What do you mean–”“Would they like to meet mine?”A stare and a scoff were what he could get. “Jungkook-ah,” he softly slapped his arms, only slightly flustered, “I told you that– whatever.” Yoongi pressed his lips on his mouth, a short but sweet peck.“I think I just made my point.”“It was to shut you up.”“You’re lying.”“You suck.”“Gladly.”“Jungkook.” “So,” Namjoon was smiling way too much. Those dimples were still fascinating. “You're really a thing now, huh?”“Yes.” Yoongi’s smile was shy and he briefly made eye contact with Jungkook. “For real.”Jungkook nodded, and for some reason, he felt a little shy too. These kind of this were always a bit awkward. The way his friends constantly threw amused looks at them, their eyes glinting with expectation. It gave him the ridiculous feeling that they were some kind of attraction. “I still can’t believe you were talking about our Jungkookie all that time, hyung,” Taehyung grinned at Yoongi. “If I had known I had hooked you two up a lot earlier.”Jungkook choked on his drink. “He didn’t mean it in the literal way!” Namjoon hurried nervously, and he quickly hit Jungkook’s back a few times to stop him from coughing.“It’s okay…” he stammered.“Yeah,” Yoongi chipped in, “been there, done that.”This time, Taehyung choked on his cola. Jungkook watched with some kind of gloating glee how he suffered for some seconds, while Namjoon kept muttering reassuring words to him. He had the feeling Yoongi was doing the same. “You what?” Taehyung finally brought out, after a lot of coughs.“Oh,” Yoongi was clearly amused at this point. He took another sip of his wine. “Just sayin’, Jungkook has a pretty tight ass.”“Hyung!” Jungkook’s voice got drowned out by Taehyung’s, whose eyes had widened twice of its original size.“I said what I said.” “You can’t just say that about me, hyung…” he whined, but actually, he didn’t really care. The effect on their friends were way too funny to not say these kind of things.“Ah. What do I tell them, then?” Yoongi asked with a seemingly dumb look on his face, but a subtle smirk was tugging on the corners of his mouth. “That you have a flabby ass?”  Namjoon cracked up in the background. Taehyung started coughing again.He glared at his boyfriend and tried his best to be angry. “I’ll flick you out of the window when we get back at your home,” he whispered.Yoongi licked his lips, and Jungkook was suddenly distracted. “Gladly, Jungkookie.”“Anyway–” Namjoon's voice was loud and he tried to overrule the mess of noise that sounded from their table.Jungkook almost snapped his neck in the process of giving him attention as fast as he could. He knew Namjoon got easily upset when people ignored him. (Something he and Yoongi had in common.)Suddenly everyone was looking at him. “Yeah?” the oldest asked.“Oh, eh. The food is coming this way. So act normal.”“Normal is not really possible,” Yoongi deadpanned. “But we'll try our best.” ------❇------ Afternoons were the best. Yoongi was always in a good mood during afternoons, after his necessary dose of coffee and food. Maybe the afternoon was a weird time to watch movies, but they still did. “I can’t believe you ate four bags of chips,” Yoongi muttered, more fascinated than annoyed at the fact that Jungkook had made his whole stocking of snacks disappear in less than two hours.Jungkook shrugged and watched as the credits rolled over the screen, “I just eat a lot when I watch something.” He shoved the empty bag on the salon table with the others.“I don’t know if that’s healthy…”He shrugged again. “I don’t do it often.”Yoongi huffed out a concerned noise. “Okay. At least clean up the mess.”“Sure,” Jungkook shifted himself a little closer to Yoongi’s body. “After we’re done cuddling.”He felt the other smile against his ear, tickly. “Okay.” It made his stomach flutter and do him weird things, like dipping him down on the couch. Jungkook was over him, always over his pretty, pocket-sized body. Yoongi giggled as he was placing small kisses on his neck, and it was the cutest, rarest sound he had ever heard. “You're the cutest hyung I have,” he breathed in the crook of his neck. “I want to keep you in my pocket.” The older puffed his cheeks, flushed, and yanked on Jungkook’s hair, but it was only a soft warning. “Yah. Don’t get all brave. I'm not portable.”“Oh, think you are,” Jungkook felt his mouth curl up in a smirk, a big one, as he placed his hands under Yoongi's butt and started to pull him up.“Shit, what are you–”, Yoongi didn't finish his sentence and clutched onto Jungkook’s back in panic, making it even easier for Jungkook to lift him up.“See?” he grinned triumphantly as he got off the couch and was holding Yoongi high above him, his hands firmly supporting his butt. Yoongi's butt cheeks were nice and soft. Something he could linger on.The smaller man looked down at him with slightly widened eyes. “Okay,” he drawled, however, his low voice gave away something of how flustered he actually was. His hands were slowly wrapping around Jungkook's neck, his legs were hooking around his back. “You can put me down now.”Jungkook smiled. “No.”“You fucking–”But he was already walking around, Yoongi still in his arms. He pushed the door open with his foot, and entered the hallway, just to tease him. Then he strolled back to the living room, softly humming. In the middle of the room, he stopped for a moment, only to listen to Yoongi's whines.“Stop carrying me around! I'm not a fucking toy!”“No.”Yoongi paused. “What no?”“You're not a toy indeed. You're my boyfriend hyung. And no, I won't stop.”A kick against his back. “And now?”“No.”“Yah, yah.” Another kick and Jungkook enjoyed this way too much. “Hyung, you're not scared of heights, are you?” he asked, just to be sure. Yoongi's look softened a tad, “No, I'm not.”“Nice.” He raised Yoongi's body some more and squeezed his ass just a little. Cute. “I guess you don’t mind if I throw you out of the window then. You owe me one.” He slowly made his way to the other side of the room.“Fuck, please stop!” Jungkook stopped. He looked at Yoongi’s face and suddenly the other's hooded eyes were close, closer. And then they kissed. Jungkook liked this kiss, how Yoongi was hovering over him for once, how his lips were catching his upper lip, how his tongue slipped in from above–Yoongi broke the kiss and smirked as Jungkook whimpered. His long fingers were teasing the little hairs on his nape. “Are you putting me down now?”Jungkook stumbled over his own breath, still intoxicated by Yoongi's taste. “Maybe?” he decided and he walked towards the kitchen, placing Yoongi carefully on the counter. “Happy now?”“Yes.”“Do I get more kisses now?”Yoongi grinned, hooked his thumbs in the neckline of his shirt, curled his legs around his waist again. “Maybe.”He definitely got more kisses. Yoongi tasted like coffee and something sweet. Fruity and fresh. Not strawberry, no. A little more bitter. A nice bitter. A little acid, too. He wondered what that taste was, if he would ever find out. Two hands cupped his cheeks, the softest touch he had ever felt. “I love you,” Yoongi whispered, so close to his face, Jungkook felt a little dizzy.His heart didn't leap at the words, but suddenly felt more at peace than ever. Yoongi loved him. Yoongi loved him. His mind kept repeating the words as a mantra. He looked into his eyes, the prettiest eyes in the universe, containing the universe itself. His own little universe. He was tearing up a little as he answered Yoongi, “I love you too, hyung. Fucking much.” He was breathless, but also finally breathing properly for the first time in his life.Yoongi pressed their lips together, squeezed his cheeks, the smile clearly there. “You pick up on my habits too much. Don't get all potty mouthed.”“That’s because you kiss me so much. It’s transmittable.” ------❇------ Saturday night. Jungkook was staying at Yoongi's place again. The playing cards were left forgotten on the floor and they were both lying on the thick carpet, just enjoying the sound of each other's steady breathing. The older was lazily running his fingers through Jungkook's hair and from time to time, a content hum sounded through the room. Jungkook could fall asleep like this.  His thoughts went everywhere. How there was a spare toothbrush in the bathroom. How some of his clothes were stocked in Yoongi’s closet. How there was always soya banana milk in the fridge. “I like your place,” he mumbled. “It’s warm and big. Feels like home.”“You know…” Yoongi played with his hands, pretty fingers, “you can move in by me if you want to.”Jungkook's fingers stirred, his breath hitched in his throat.  “B-but isn't it a hassle? I'll take in space…”“You basically live here,” Yoongi deadpanned, “You take space already. And actually, I think it's pretty beneficial. We can share the rent and in return, you don't have to share a shower with twenty other students.”“But I don't have enough money to pay half of an apartment…”“Smartass. I'm already paying it fully now. Even the slightest contribution will save me money. So don't worry about that. Just pay the amount that you're paying for your room now.”Jungkook nodded.“Actually,” Yoongi frowned at the ceiling, “with the money you'll save me I can get us a bed. A bigger one. So we don’t slip off every night.”“Oh.” Jungkook thought about it. To be honest, it was a pretty good idea.“So, I'll contribute to your bills and–”“Our bills.”“Right. And you get a new bed?”Yoongi shifted his head, looked at him from upside down. “We can pick it together.”“Oh yes.”“But.”He had the feeling there was going to be a big condition. “But?”Yoongi grinned. “You get to do groceries too.”Jungkook let out a relieved breath.“Yeah, sure. Can I install my PS4 then?” The other laughed. “You could’ve done that earlier, if you wanted to.”Jungkook was about to combust. He had always wanted to bring his gaming platform to Yoongi, since he didn't have a proper screen in his own room. But he had thought the older would’ve find that annoying.He stared at Yoongi in unbelief, “You're only telling me this now?”“Well, you never asked.”Jungkook groaned, “Aaah, hyung. Really…”His boyfriend chuckled and rolled over so he was lying on top of him. “You really like playing games, huh?” Hot breath in his face.The implications made the younger flush and heat up in multiple places. “Uh–”“Anyway,” Yoongi got up and swiftly ruined all of his expectations, “I'm going to work my ass through the IKEA catalogue.” ------❇------ Jungkook let out content sigh. He looked proudly at the big frame they had just finished setting up. IKEA furniture always turned out to be more complicated than it seemed.Good thing Yoongi was so good at these kind of things. He had figured everything out without looking even more than once at the manual. Maybe Yoongi was really some magical being.“You're so smart, hyung. If I had done it alone, it had probably turned out like a table or something.”Yoongi snorted. “That would have been a prestation. If I had done it alone, I wouldn't even have gotten these fucking heavy boxes in my room. Those pretty arms aren't only good for getting into my pants, huh?”It got Jungkook blushing, but also feeling a little offended, “They're not for getting into your pants!”The other settled himself down on the floor, legs crossed. It made him seem so tiny and Jungkook's hart made a giddy, little jump. Yoongi grinned, “It worked, though.”Jungkook was about to go off when Yoongi started babbling again, “But it wouldn't work anymore now. If someone wants to get into my pants they need to be at least as sweet as you. And funny. And honest. And they need to have exactly the same taste in music and movies. They should be a little shy, too. And bratty. And they should have a four age difference with me, because that's just perfect in my opinion.”The younger started to feel warm inside, and wanted to say something, but Yoongi just kept on rambling.“They should also be a bit taller than me, so I have to tiptoe just four centimetres to kiss them. Because four is my favorite number. And they should love eating childish cereals in the morning, because that makes them cute.”“It isn't chi–”“They should be artsy. Very artsy. Because that's interesting. And maybe they should be a veggie, too, for good measure. Because that's sweet. Maybe they should have some muscle. But it's not necessary. Definitely not.”“Yoongi-hyung–”“But even if that person wanted to get into my pants, I would kindly tell them to fuck themselves.” Yoongi smiled. “Because they're not you.”It was all a little cheesy, but Jungkook was pretty sure his heart was about to melt. He tried to stop it from pouring down in his tummy, but it was already too late. His whole body was whirling with the warm contents of his heart. He wanted to say something sweet back, something that would make Yoongi's heart flutter. But he couldn't give him such pretty words. Yoongi was a poet, and Jungkook was just awkward.“Hyung, I–” he searched for words, tumbled over them multiple times, “I also don’t want anyone else. You're the best I could ever wish for.” He hoped his sincerity could reach Yoongi, that the words were enough.The older got on his feet and tugged Jungkook into a kiss, sweet and warm and loving. “Four centimetres,” Yoongi smiled after they pulled apart again. Apparently making a two person bed ready was as tiring as setting up the frame. Getting the sheets right was a hassle, but with the two of them they had managed a welcoming sight of blankets and pillows.Jungkook licked his lips and looked at the bed. “Do you want to test it?”The other crashed down on the mattress, his eyes contently falling shut. “Gladly.”“No, I meant–” He looked at him, Yoongi seemed so tired, but peaceful. Soft. A smile took over Jungkook's face. “Nevermind,” he muttered, as he lied down next to him.They stared at the ceiling, plain white. Maybe they could paint it. Or put glow in the dark stickers on it. Little stars and moons. Their own small universe. “The mattress is nice,” the older drawled. His hand wandered to Jungkook's head, his fingers combing through the brown locks, “Comfortable.”“Yeah,” Jungkook sighed. It was comfortable. “I like the sheets. And the wood of the frame.”“I like you.”The words left Yoongi's mouth so casually, maybe because he was sleepy. It made him feel warm inside anyway.Jungkook turned to his side to look at him, and took in his side profile. The delicate curve of his nose, the way his lips were pouty. Pretty, long eyelashes. Too long for his small, closed eyes. Yoongi was more soft than handsome, but also really handsome, Jungkook thought. He shifted closer, threw his leg and arm over Yoongi's body.The corners of Yoongi's mouth were curving up, more than usual. Because his mouth corners were always curvy, one of the many details that made Jungkook fall more and more in love.“I like,” Yoongi was babbling again, “I like how it's our bed. Only we'll sleep in it. It's ours.”“Yeah,” Jungkook smiled. “Ours.”“The only person I'll be fucking in this bed is you.”Jungkook snorted. “Well, you were still soft two seconds ago.”Yoongi frowned, “No, I mean it. I only want to fuck you. In general. I don't want anybody else. Only you.”“Oh...” “I hated my old bed. All the people that slept in it. I wish it didn't happen.”Jungkook sighed. “It doesn't matter, hyung.”Yoongi nodded, not completely convinced yet. “But it happened.”“Yeah. But the old bed is gone now.”“Yeah,” Yoongi echoed, “the old one’s gone.”A comfortable silence fell over them and he enjoyed it, while Yoongi played with his hair. It was already becoming dark outside, the orange shades of the sunset coloring their room.“Maybe we should really sleep, hyung…” his voice was suddenly more tired than before, only now he realized how exhausted he really was. Tucking the sheets in had probably been just a little too much.Despite being worn out, Jungkook forced himself up to take off his clothes, sitting on the edge of the bed with his back to Yoongi. Suddenly two arms clasped themselves around his bare waist, Yoongi’s hair brushing against his spine. “Hyung…” he tried to get the arms away, because he couldn't pull his pants off like this, but the grip only tightened more.“Hyung, we really should sleep. Can you please–”“No.” A soft kiss against the small of his back caused Jungkook's breath to hitch in his throat. “Just some more seconds,” Yoongi muttered.Jungkook paused, and stayed. Took in the way Yoongi's arms were resting against his skin, how his lips were soft against his back. His steady breath fanning over his spine.“Okay,” Yoongi untied his grip after some minutes. “Let's sleep.”His boyfriend crawled up on his knees, leaning on Jungkook's shoulders in the process. It made Jungkook grin, and he finally looked behind him to be met with an adorably disheveled Yoongi. It was too much, too cute, too inviting.“Hyung…” he almost moaned while he wrapped his arms around him and leaned forward so Yoongi fell over and was lying on his back again.Offence took over Yoongi's face. Adorable offence. “You said you wanted to sleep! Let me change in my pyjamas at least…”But Jungkook didn't listen. He started kissing Yoongi's flushed cheeks, and they felt warm and soft. Then he moved to his jawline, tracing tiny pecks along them. Yoongi had stopped talking, the only sounds leaving his mouth now were tiny gasps. That pretty mouth deserved kisses. Jungkook moved to his face again, and placed his lips on Yoongi's delicate, curved mouth corner. The other responded by shifting his face and connecting their lips. A swipe of of Yoongi's wet tongue. He parted his lips and he entered, their tongues touching. Then curling against each other, wet, hot and wetter. They liked it messy. Exploring each other inside, the soft touches of gum and tongue. Yoongi paused, his eyes hooded and suddenly a bit darker, “If you don't want to do it tonight, we should stop here.”Jungkook thought he understood what he meant. The last previous seconds, heat had been gushing to certain places and maybe Yoongi was feeling the same.He hated how fast it happened, how his hormones were always raging.“I want to, hyung.”Yoongi smiled at him, his eyes becoming softer and more intense at the same time. “Well, if you say so…”He licked a lazy stripe over Jungkook's mouth and perhaps he purred for a moment. “This bed,” Yoongi announced, “is gonna lose its virginity to us.”Really. Yoongi and his dramatic ass were really onto something.Jungkook couldn't suppress a giggle, however.  “Yoongi-hyung… you're so silly.”The older’s lips formed a pout and it was irresistibly cute, Jungkook was already kissing it. The peck turned quickly into something more intense, more heated. A mess of warmth and wetness. Yoongi licked into his mouth, slow and soft and smooth, a rhythm of fondness and want. Everything Jungkook could ever wish for. He teared up a little, because this was really happening. Yoongi loved him, Yoongi wanted him, he and Yoongi were going to live together, were going to sleep in this bed every night. For real.Everything felt so nice at this moment, the soft sheets that crumpled around them, the slight dim of the room, the featherlight touches of Yoongi's fingers against his skin, the heat of his body. The fuzziness of it all. Jungkook grabbed his cheeks, wanted to squeeze him so bad, more than he could, more than was possible. He wanted to feel every inch of his body at once, be all over him, and he poured as much love as he could in that kiss, let it drip into Yoongi's mouth, let it mingle with his love. It left the other breathless, panting, whimpering. “Kook…” Yoongi's eyelashes fluttered and some tears were sticking to them, adorning them as little pearls. Maybe Jungkook got too lost in little details about Yoongi.He let his hands roam under the black hoodie Yoongi was wearing — his hoodie — leaving touches all over his bare chest. Yoongi never wore a lot of layers, when it was a cold day, he just put on a thick sweater without anything underneath. Carefully, he stripped it off, pulled it over Yoongi's head and threw it on the floor. His skin was so pretty, like porcelain, as if it could break every moment. Yoongi's body seemed fragile and tender, but it could endure a lot. He knew that his body wasn't the first thing to be careful with, not the first thing that would break. Yoongi himself, however, was sensitive, and even more sensitive to the people he let in his heart. Jungkook should be mindful, tender. “Hmm, what's wrong?” Yoongi asked him and he awakened from his pondering. His boyfriend was softly smiling at him from underneath, his fingers brushing through his hair.“There's nothing wrong.” He hesitated for a moment, “You're just so beautiful I'm scared I'll break you.”Yoongi chuckled, but his cheeks were starting to dust in a shade of pink. His hands never stopped combing his hair, though. “Is that one of your pick-up lines?”“No. I mean it.”“I don't break that easily. I went through more than just a hormonal teen fucking my feelings up.”“I'm twenty, hyung.”Yoongi smirked and switched his nightstand lamp on with a swift movement, since it was really getting dark now. “And I'm not made of glass.” He started tugging on Jungkook's pants. “Now shut up and fuck me senseless.”The words felt as if they had punched in Jungkook’s throat. “Hyung,” he brought out, “I think your dirty talk is maybe a little too straightforward.”The older quirked his eyebrow up, a teasing look in his eyes, “I am straightforward. Please get your pants off.”Jungkook laughed and the next moment, they were just busy taking their jeans off. He saw Yoongi was wearing something lacy underneath, the delicate white pattern complimenting his body in the most beautiful way. “Do you always wear such pretty underwear?” the words left his mouth unwillingly, but he was too curious. Yoongi licked his lips. “Sometimes. When I feel good.”When I feel good. Yoongi felt good today. It echoed through his head and made him happy inside. He glanced at the way the lace stretched around his bulge, the pinkish outlines clearly visible underneath. “Isn’t is itchy?” He had never worn panties like that himself, only knew the feeling of loose cotton boxers. A smirk played on Yoongi’s face. “I like it when it gets itchy.”The implications made Jungkook’s cheeks heat up. “Oh…” He looked again and maybe he was staring. “Can you keep them on? It looks so pretty on you.”“I’ll see what I can do,” the smirk now fully blooming, “If…”“If?”“You keep your shirt on. The whole time. I want to see how it gets wet.” He grabbed at the white fabric of Jungkook’s shirt and played with it. Then his hand pressed against his abdomen, tracing the lines of his muscles. “I want to see it sticky,” he murmured, that drowsy, low voice making Jungkook’s thoughts vibrate.Something hit him, a sweet, triumphant and embarrassing feeling at the same time. “Hyung?” He crawled over his body again, supporting himself on his knees and elbows.“Hmm?” Yoongi pulled him closer and started placing kisses on his collarbones, lazy and open mouthed. “You like my muscles, don’t you?”Yoongi chuckled, “Definitely. But not as much as you.” He shifted his mouth to his nipples and began to suck them through the shirt. “Aah–” Yoongi's spit made everything wet and clammy and slippery and so sensitive and a wave of heat shooted to his crotch. His brain stopped functioning and he was scared his limbs would become limp and he would drop on Yoongi. He tightened his arm muscles as another moan rolled over his lips. Yoongi should feel good, too. He shifted a leg and pressed it between Yoongi's, the fine lace tickling the skin of his thighs. He could only imagine how Yoongi felt right now. The latter was gasping and panting, his fingertips digging into Jungkook's biceps. “Fuck, your thighs.” he gritted out between heavy breaths.Jungkook grinned, “Fuck my thighs?”“No, I meant– wait. Yes.”“Oh…” Maybe this wasn't a bad idea. He quickly stripped of his boxers so everything would feel better.“You're already so hard, Koo…” Yoongi purred as he traced his fingers along his thighs, up and down, never touching were it was really needed.“You're so teasy, hyung…” he whined.The other smirked. “Oh. I like it myself so–”You do?Jungkook placed his thigh against Yoongi's crotch again, only adding the slightest pressure. “You like this, hyung?”Yoongi's eyelashes fluttered, “Y-yes, pretty please..”“And this?” he started to rub harder now and he could feel the bulge grow under his touch.“Shit– Kook. Yes.” His voice was raw, raspy but still had soft edges to it somehow.He began to grind him and Yoongi was breathless now, and it was the cutest and hottest thing on earth. How his cheeks were flushed in pink, how his lips were slightly parted and wet, how his eyelids were trembling.Jungkook leaned forwards, and slipped his tongue into Yoongi's mouth, curving it against his. The other smiled in the kiss, sucked on his tongue in a lazy kind of neediness. Everything felt hot and sweet.They were rolling their bodies against each other, and Yoongi started shivering. “Koo.. Kook–”, he muttered as he slipped his hand between them and curled it around the younger's erection.It made Jungkook stir for a moment and he sat up (Yoongi whimpered) to take him in again.Yoongi’s length had partly slipped out of his panties, the pink, swollen tip peeking out from under the border, the aggressive color contrasting with Yoongi's soft, little tummy. Jungkook couldn't hold himself and ducked to place at little kiss on it. It was such a hot, but adorable part of Yoongi. He sucked on the tip for a moment, his tongue hungrily poking in the slit and the older hissed. It made him want to do it even better, and he licked a stripe over the white lace, needy for Yoongi's taste. “Hgnn–” Yoongi moaned, deep and throaty and it was so fucking hot. He started licking all over his bulge, his tongue tracing the delicate patterns. The fabric got soaked and sticked to his skin, causing a high whimper to escape from Yoongi. The raw friction was probably killing him and Jungkook hoped he felt amazing.“It's not fair,” he whined and his hands were aiming for Jungkook's cock again, “You need to feel good too…”“P-please make me feel good, hyung–” Jungkook stammered when Yoongi had successfully caught his member and started pumping.“You're always so hard,” Yoongi mumbled, his voice stunned. The younger pressed his leg harder against him when Yoongi added more pressure. His insides were burning, a pit slowly building up.“Can you–” the older tripped over his words for a moment, “would you really fuck me with your thighs?”Jungkook flushed. “Y-yeah..” He shifted his body and spread his legs on Yoongi lap, “You want me to?”“Yes. P-please.”He didn't need any more words and slipped the majority of Yoongi's erection out of his panties, before placing it between his thighs.“Ready?”“Yeah, yea, just–”Jungkook squeezed his thighs together and Yoongi choked out a loud moan.The younger bit his lower lip at the sight, and he settled his palms on each of Yoongi's sides before squeezing more, while starting to bounce on his lap. “Am I doing it right?”“You're doing too well–” Yoongi panted, his voice weak. “Your thighs are so fucking hot…” His long fingers were caressing the tense muscles of his legs and moved closer to his crotch every time he hit Yoongi's lap again.Their rhythm became more desperate every second, and soon, they were both a pantings mess, Yoongi's hand aggressively and sloppily pumping Jungkook as the latter moved his thumbs over Yoongi's chest to rub circles over his nipples. He kept adding pressure, and releasing it. Pressure, release.Until they both only knew pressure, friction, tension. Heat was coaling in his insides, hard and unbearable.“Hgn– hyung!” he moaned as he felt he was reaching it at a steady pace now, “I'm c-coming..”“I know, I know…” Yoongi's voice was suddenly softer, but he sounded breathless. His hand curled firmly around Jungkook’s shaft, and everything tensed up so much, too much, so good, he finally came. 
So good, so good, too good–
His loud moan filled the room, mingling with Yoongi's. Thick, white spurts of cum were dripping over Yoongi's tummy and his owns thighs, which were quivering so hard now. He only noticed after some heavy seconds that it wasn't only his own cum, but also that of Yoongi, which was splattered on his shirt.“Y-you came too…”Yoongi smiled. All his gummies out. Jungkook's heart fell, tumbled and found itself in Yoongi's. “Yeah. You almost squeezed my dick to mush when you cummed. Of course I came.”“Sorry…” he muttered and he rolled on his back, next to Yoongi. He had expected to slowly slide of the side of the bed, but then he remembered it was larger now.A disagreeing noise came from Yoongi's direction. “No. It felt fucking good.”“You too,” blissfully, he spread his arms, just because it was possible. The bed was like an infinite flurry of soft sheets and Yoongi's scent. “You're the hottest, most beautiful person I know. And I love you.”Yoongi rolled on side and stared into his eyes. “I love you too, Kookie.” He lifted his hand to stroke his cheek, a gentle, light touch.“Your shirt became really wet in the progress. It was nice to look at. But your eyes are way more nicer…”Jungkook snickered. “Phew, for a moment I was scared you only care about my shirt, hyung.”“No, of course not,” the older lowered his gaze, his eyes hooded and unmistakably sleepy, “It really got soaked, though. And not only sweat, huh.”Jungkook threw a look at his stomach, the outlines of his abs clearly visible through the wet fabric. It was kind of exciting to know it turned Yoongi on so much. However, at this moment he was a little too drowsy for more excitement.“It looks so fucking hot, Koo,” Yoongi carried on, and he was in his ramble phase, “If I wasn't fucked out right now, I would instantly come by looking at you. But now I just want you to put on something clean and warm so you don't have to feel sticky…”“It's okay, hyung.”“No,” he said resolutely. Yoongi forced himself off the bed and Jungkook stared at him in amazement. Because his limbs probably felt like putty.“I'll find something nice for you…” the older muttered as he rumbled through his closet, “Take your shirt off, Kook.”Jungkook complied and after a bit of a struggle, he managed to peel it off. The fabric was icky and soggy in his hands, he couldn't throw it on the floor like that. “I'll put it in the laundry basket,” he sighed and he made his way to the bathroom.“You know–” Yoongi paused digging through the clothes for a moment, “We could also take a shower before going to bed.”Jungkook stared at him in disbelief, “Do you have neverending energy, hyung?”“No. But I prefer sleeping cleaned.”He hesitated for a moment. He had never taken a shower with someone before, but he could imagine Yoongi would look way too sexy. But he should get used to it, right? “Okay, but I'm really sleepy, Yoongi-hyung.”The other muffled a low chuckle. “Me too.”“So don't be too pretty or I'll want to do a round two.”Yoongi just grinned and took his hand, pulling him towards the bathroom, “Let's shower, you bunch of hormones.” Yoongi looked way too sexy. Tonight it was something along the lines of a beautiful, handsome water fairy. However, Jungkook refrained, because he was a bit too tired and also because Yoongi's smile made him more fuzzy than anything else. “Aren't you gonna push me against the wall?” Yoongi teased. He had probably noticed Jungkook’s stares, but how could he not. Those little droplets wandering over his skin were ethereal, his whole body was shining.“No. I want to sleep quickly.”“Not even for a kiss?”Jungkook gave in, because yes, of course for a kiss. He only had to lean forward in the slightest, since they were both stuffed in the tiny cabin. He carefully places his hands on Yoongi's shoulders and pushed him softly against the white tiles. It was a clean, but really wet kiss. Yoongi's lips tasted like water with a little soap. Two big hands folded themselves over Jungkook's sides and he shivered, because everything was a little cold and warm at the same time. “Soapy,” Yoongi pouted when they paused for a moment to breathe. “I like soap.”His boyfriend ruffled his wet hair and his eyes were glinting, “You always smell like soap.”Jungkook giggled. “Let's get out, hyung. I wanna cuddle in bed.”“Cuddles would be nice.”They did their best not to trip over each other when they got out of the cabine, and after some moments they were rubbing each other dry.“Your  hair's so fluffy…” Yoongi moundered as he rubbed a towel over Jungkook's head. Little beads of water were rolling down along his cheekbones and Jungkook was so in love.“I'm love with you,” the words left his lips unconsciously, but he didn't mind them.Yoongi got a little flustered and he tried to hide his shy smile, although it was useless. Jungkook knew he was smiling, just by looking at the way the older threw his eyes at the floor and lowered his head.“I know that…” he muttered. “I love you too.” He hooked the towel around the back of Jungkook's neck and pulled him closer. Jungkook didn't expect the kiss to be on his nose. He may had just found out that nose kisses were best at moments as these.He giggled at Yoongi's face and grabbed his arm. “Let's sleep for real now.” “Carry me.”“W-what?”Yoongi puckered his lips into a smug pout. “Carry me bridal style. It's our first time sleeping in this bed. It should be memorable.”Jungkook cracked up, because he was pretty sure Yoongi was the most dramatic ass person in the world.“Hyung, you're–”“Perfect for fitting into your arms? Yes."Of course Yoongi wouldn't ask these kind of ridiculous things if he didn't know Jungkook loved carrying him around. Of course Jungkook wasn't going to refuse.Yoongi smiled at him when he took him into his arms, and his cute teeth and gummies were showing. He was enjoying this suspiciously much for someone who always complained when Jungkook was just lifting him up the slightest.When they walked through the bedroom door like this, Yoongi mumbled, “This looks like the start of our honeymoon.”“We just fucked.”“No,” Yoongi corrected, “We made love.”“Oh,” he paused. “I don't think I've ever made love before.”The other became quiet. “Oh…” After some seconds of silence, he spoke again, a bit more cheery, “I hope you enjoyed your first time then.”“It was a bit messy,” Jungkook threw Yoongi gently on the bed. “And I was tired. But I loved it.”The older smiled at him, all giddy and happy and a smidge shy. “Throw me some clothes, Kook.” He was already tucking himself under the sheets when he asked it.Jungkook digged in the closet for Yoongi's blue pyjamas. “Get yourself something too,” Yoongi chipped from behind him.“Kay,” he grabbed a soft sweater from one of the shelves and put it on, together with a pair of boxers. Maybe sharing underwear was weird, but to them, it was the most natural thing.“Come here, it's cold without you,” Yoongi whined.Jungkook bit on his lip as he made himself comfortable under the blankets, but hiding the smile was useless anyway. He cupped Yoongi's cheeks and smiled against his lips. Through his eyelashes, he could see Yoongi's eyes soften to the sleepiest, most content gaze. “Hmm,” the older's voice was a little hoarse, “I’m happy you're here. You can stay forever.”Jungkook hummed and snuggled up against him some more, trying to warm up each patch of Yoongi’s skin. Their fingers intertwined. Yeah, this could last forever.   



Chapter End Notes
thank you so much for reading!!and thank you for sticking with this story, it means a lot to me ;—;i'm a little sad it's over, but i'm happy you all loved it!!!don't forget to leave kudos and comments ♡ ♡ ♡i'm @trippingyoongion twitter :))



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



