



Erotophobia - sugasweet - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Erotophobia
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/5283410.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Park Jimin, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster/Kim Seokjin | Jin
Character:
Park Jimin (BTS), Jeon Jungkook, Kim Seokjin | Jin, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Kim Taehyung | V, Min Yoongi | Suga
Additional Tags:
Masturbation, Sexual Content, Implied Sexual Content, The Talk, the birds and the bees, "stormy period", that sounds gross, but it's a direct quote so
Series:
Part 5 of
The Alphabet of Phobias
Stats:

        Published: 2015-11-25
        Words: 5063
      

Erotophobia
by sugasweet
Summary
It wasn’t Jimin’s fault that Jeongguk forgot his towel.
Notes

          See the end of the work for  notes




Erotophobia


Erotophobia - fear of sexual love or sexual questions
  It wasn’t Jimin’s fault that Jeongguk forgot his towel.In the dorms, it wasn’t unusual for the members to switch around sleeping arrangements for a night or more.Jimin himself was accustomed to Taehyung and Hoseok crashing in the living room to watch anime until the early hours of the morning or Namjoon and Yoongi trading beds; an agreement which worked out well for the both of them. Namjoon and Seokjin got to spend some quality alone time together (Jimin shuddered at the very thought) and Yoongi got some peace and quiet in sharing with Jeongguk, who rarely spoke unless spoken to – and even then, said very little. It was the times when these arrangements had altered in Jimin’s favour that he could spend some quality alone time by himself.Such a night arrived during the lead up to their new promotions, with Taehyung and Hoseok hooked on some new basketball anime and Namjoon and Seokjin already shut up together in the latter’s room. Both Namjoon and Yoongi had come home from the studio early on their manager’s orders that they rest well for their upcoming schedules. Despite their manager’s pleas, Jeongguk still stayed out late at the dance studio, stating indignantly that he ‘needed the practice’, to which they all scoffed. Jimin was sure the younger just wanted to keep his reputation as the Golden Maknae polished.It was already late and Jeongguk still wasn’t back to claim the shower, so Jimin was preparing for a night of blissed silence and sleep (amongst other things). He took his time relaxing under the hot water as he took an indulgently long shower. Namjoon and Seokjin had better stay quiet, Jimin thought sourly as he turned reached to cease the water that cascaded down his back. He stepped out and towelled his hair dry roughly before wrapping it around his waist and padding back to his empty room.Closing the door behind him, Jimin dropped the towel and sighed dramatically. He stretched out his tense neck muscles, loud pops resounding about the room. He slung the towel over the end of his bed and rifled through the pile of clothes stacked at the foot of his bed, looking for something to throw on. He found a pair of worn out sweats – gaping at the knees – and pulled them on, foregoing the underwear because, let’s face it – that would just be an obstruction to his planned activities. On the other hand, he needed to be half decent considering the doors didn’t lock.Sighing again and stretching out his arms over his head one last time, Jimin settled himself on his bed. He disconnected his phone from its charger and scrolled through Twitter, immersed for a while until he heard the front door open and close.Jimin continues to scroll mindlessly while tuning into the quiet conversation he could hear going on beyond his bedroom; assumedly Jeongguk had run into Hoseok or Taehyung stocking up on snacks and drinks mid-episode. The conversation died out and Jimin stopped straining his ears to listen, going back to swiping at his screen slowly.“GET OUT!”Jimin dropped his phone and rushed to the door when he heard the yell of what sounded like a very angry Yoongi. What he saw was Jeongguk hastily backing out of his own room and closing the door, leaning back against it looking frazzled.“Jeongguk-ah?” Jimin asked tentatively, not wanting to scare the boy. He could see Hoseok and Taehyung peering at him from around the corner of the couch, too.Regardless of his gentle tone, Jeongguk jumped, eyes snapping to Jimin.“Yes, hyung?” He answered politely despite his obviously rattled state.Jimin watched as the boy clutched his sports bag to his chest for dear life, knuckles turning white.“What just happened?” Jimin questioned.Jeongguk stepped away from the door, eyeing it warily and stepped closer to Jimin.“I- I don’t know, hyung, I just –” Jeongguk shook his head, “I tried to be as quiet as I could because I know he doesn’t like it when I wake him up but he still woke up! I- I didn’t mean to but he woke up and got angry with me but I just, I didn’t meant to…”Jeongguk’s explanation fizzled out as his eyes filled with innocent, confused tears. Jimin saw the boy getting worked up and pulled him into his own room, nodding to Hoseok and Taehyung that he would deal with this.Jimin rubbed at Jeongguk’s shoulder soothingly in an attempt to calm the boy down.Without thinking, Jimin said: “Hey, look, you can stay in here tonight and we’ll sort it out in the morning,” trying to catch Jeongguk’s gaze which the younger had trained resolutely at the carpet, sniffling quietly.When Jeongguk did look up, it was with a small smile on his face and a shining nose.“Thanks, hyung.”“Don’t mention it. But go shower first, you smell like death.”Jeongguk laughed but left Jimin’s room to make his way to the bathroom.Well, shit. There goes my night of alone time, Jimin thought, the sigh he heaved not seeming overly dramatic anymore. After weeks of getting off in the shower in the godforsaken hours of the morning, biting his fist to keep quiet, Jimin had just given up his only opportunity for a good, long session of ‘self-love’. He had yet to come up with a better name for it which didn’t sound overly crude or overly romanticised.As Jimin heard the water turn on in the bathroom, he figured he had a good 15 minutes at least before Jeongguk would return. Well, if this is the only chance I’ll get...With that, Jimin quietly closed the door and settled on his bed for the second time. Not wasting a second, he slid a hand down into his boxers, wrapping it around his length. He hissed at the coldness but continued anyway, closing his eyes as he coaxed himself to hardness.His reality was shattered when the bedroom door swung open and a voice filtered into his ears.“Hyung, can I borrow your–”Jeongguk’s words broke off as Jimin stared at him wide-eyed with his hand still down his pants. Jimin quickly regained his senses and removed his hand, sitting up to hide the tent which had already began to form in his sweatpants.“What did you need, Guk-ah?” Jimin asked, hoping Jeongguk didn’t mention what he’d just seen and instead left it alone.“I just realised I don’t have my towel,” Jeongguk started slowly, still staring at Jimin – more precisely, at his crotch.Jimin nodded, reaching for his own towel and tossing it to Jeongguk. He caught it easily and buried his hands in it nervously as his eyes flickered unsurely from Jimin’s face to his crotch.“Uh, thanks, hyung,” Jeongguk turned to leave but slowly tilted his head back to face Jimin, eyeing him appraisingly.“Hyung… what was it you were doing just now?”Jimin cursed mentally. So he was going to bring it up. Great. What was the best way to go about this? Jeongguk was only a kid, for God’s sake (and yes, he considered himself much more mature despite only an age gap of 2 years). Regardless, he was not the one who was best equipped to handle this situation. Where was Seokjin when he needed him?For the moment, Jimin decided pretending like he didn’t know what Jeongguk was talking about was the best way to handle the situation.“I don’t know what you’re talking about, Guk-ah,” he replied calmly, pulling his knees up to his chest to hide the slight bulge that remained, as he felt himself softening by the second.Jeongguk cocked his head and turned back into the room fully.“You had your hand down your pants just now, hyung!” Jeongguk said, smiling with his eyes and nose crinkled up cutely, “What for though?”Jimin stared wide-eyed at the young boy. Bold as ever, he was. How could Jimin think pretending would work against the innocent maknae?“I was, uh, itchy?” Jimin replied, mentally cursing himself again as he made it sound like a question.“You didn’t look like you were scratching though, hyung! Unless you were really itchy!”God dammit, Jimin thought to himself. He knew his excuses weren’t the strongest but he’d do anything to avoid giving Jeongguk the birds and the bees talk. His brief talk with his own parents when he was still young had barely taught him anything of use; instead skipping over the points which he’d discovered to be of the most importance years later when Jin had talked him gently through everything. The older boy had made sure to instil within him that going through his ‘stormy period’ was normal and he should never be embarrassed to come to him if he had any questions or concerns. Jimin once again wished in vain that Seokjin would appear to answer the maknae’s curious questions, but he knew it was his responsibility in the current moment, because he’d gotten himself in this situation in the first place. And for what? Jimin thought helplessly, I barely even got close.  “Okay, Jeongguk, I wasn’t scratching.” Jimin admitted in defeat.Jeongguk continued to look at him expectantly.“What?” Jimin questioned.“What were you doing then, hyung?”Jimin groaned and rolled his eyes: “Fine, we’ll talk about it after your shower.”“Okay!”And with that he pranced out of the room and into the already-running shower. Jimin wondered if it had gone cold with the amount of time he’d left it running.Jeongguk had shut the door behind him on the way out and Jimin saw an opportunity to continue his previous attempt. Maybe I can still…However, as he trailed his hand down his abs, he recoiled as he heard Jeongguk’s innocent voice in his mind.Well, I tried, he thought bitterly, picking up his phone to scroll through Twitter again.After who-knows-how-long, Jeongguk returned with his sports bag over his shoulder and Jimin’s towel draped over his head.He spotted Jimin lying facing the wall, scrolling tiredly on his phone so he padded over and let the towel slide off his head. Jimin, startled, dropped his phone and yelped.“What the hell, Gukkie?!”Jeongguk dodged the fist Jimin aimed at him, cackling evilly.“Sorry, hyung, but that was hilarious!”Jimin mumbled something under his breath while shutting his phone off and plugging it back in.“Yeah, whatever. Well I’m going to sleep so turn the light off when you’re done.”Jeongguk watched as Jimin rolled over in his bed, pulling the covers over himself.“But hyung! Didn’t you say you would tell me –”Jimin let out an over exaggerated fake snore cutting Jeongguk off and the younger laughed. “Okay, I get it!” he whispered, turning the light off with a click.Jimin could hear him rustling the bed sheets of Hoseok’s bed and listened to the springs creak under him as he laid down. There was blissed silence, and just as Jimin was truly drifting off, he heard a whisper:“There’s always tomorrow.”Jimin hoped darkly that he wouldn’t wake up tomorrow. *** Jimin awoke restlessly. Dammit, I’m still alive, he thought groggily.He attempted to roll over onto his side but found it difficult with his arm trapped under something solid and warm.Huh?Jimin cracked his eyes open to see… well, not much. Hair was all he could see and he reclined his neck backward, recognising the hair as Jeongguk’s. Connecting the dots, he realised Jeongguk was lying on top of his arm as well as holding his other one around him; clinging on to it, more like it. Jimin accepted the fact that they had not fallen asleep together and that Jeongguk must have crawled into his bed at night, because it wasn’t like the maknae hadn’t done it before.Regardless, Jimin tried to free at least one of his arms to regain a sense of comfort. In doing so, he pressed himself closer against the younger.Jimin’s eyes closed involuntarily at the pleasant sensation of Jeongguk’s warm ass against his crotch. He unconsciously pressed his hips harder into the warmth.His snapped open again when he realised just how perverted and sick that really was and tried to pull himself away. His attempts proved futile as Jeongguk, seemingly roused by the movement, hugged his arm closer and wriggled his body to get comfortable.Jimin let out a quiet moan at Jeongguk’s innocent ministrations, as they had his ass basically grinding against Jimin’s growing hardness through his sweatpants.“Hyung?”Shit.“Yeah, Gukkie?”“Did you say something just now?” the boy asked sleepily, craning his neck slightly to see Jimin – albeit with his eyes still closed.“No, go back to sleep,” Jimin said bluntly, still in shock at his own actions.Since when was I such a pervert? Jimin thought tormentedly.Jeongguk hummed in affirmation and continued to resettle himself by shifting around on the bed.Jimin bit his lip and tried to pull his hips away where he could feel himself becoming achingly hard from both the last night’s neglect and Jeongguk’s current actions.“Oh?”Jimin froze as Jeongguk made a noise of confusion, continuing to press his ass back into Jimin’s now unmoving and very much aroused crotch.“Hyung?”Jimin hmmed tersely in response.“What’s this?” Jeongguk asked, jerking his ass back to indicate what exactly he meant.Jimin inhaled sharply at the action and knew he was absolutely screwed.“Nothing, Jeongguk.” Jimin replied tensely, struggling against the younger. “Will you please let me up? I need to use the bathroom.”Jeongguk lifted himself up on his elbows and Jimin pulled his arms free, scrambling off the bed and out the bedroom door, leaving Jeongguk wide-eyed and even more curious than he had been the night before.Although the urge to relieve himself was strong, Jimin settled for splashing some water on his face and willing his erection to die down on its own. He had more important things to worry about. Like their maknae’s innocence. And finding Seokjin.Exiting the bathroom, Jimin made a bee-line for the elder’s room, hoping he wasn’t doing anything freaky with Namjoon. He pressed his ear against the door warily but heard nothing. Just as he was about to open it, Jimin heard hushed whispers.Seokjin?He pressed his ear to the door but it was still quiet within. Another voice joined Seokjin’s and Jimin recognised it as Yoongi’s and also that they seemed to be coming from the kitchen.Jimin let his hand fall from the door handle and padded slowly toward the sound of the voices.“But hyung!” Jimin heard Yoongi plead.Jimin paused, halting around the corner from the kitchen.“Don’t but hyung me!” Seokjin replied sternly, “You know we all value our alone time but with that said you can’t terrorise people when they interrupt.”Jimin’s brow creased as he leaned up against the wall out of sight of the two elders; listening intently.Yoongi harrumphed indignantly as a form of reply and Jimin could hear Seokjin’s sigh and the scraping of a chair as he presumably sat down at the table.“Look, Yoongi, I understand how it feels, trust me I do, but you can’t kick people out of their own rooms because you’re embarrassed or turned on or whatever. Especially not Jeongguk. He’s just a kid, Yoongi.”Turned on? Jimin’s cheeks flushed at the words.“But that’s my point! Why would I want an innocent kid to stay in the room with me after he interrupted me in the middle of jerk- wank- you know what I mean!”Oh my god, Jimin thought, eyes widening, the same thing happened to Yoongi-hyung!“I don’t know but you need to control yourself Yoongi!” Seokjin said frantically and Jimin could imagine him running his hand through his hair roughly; messing up the already mussed strands. “Your urges can’t control how you act toward the other members. We’re all in the same boat, you know?”Yoongi grumbled in reply again before murmuring a more polite: “Yeah, I understand, hyung.”“Good,” Seokjin said with an air of finality, chair screeching as he stood up again. “And what are you going to say to Jeongguk when you see him later this morning?”Yoongi sighed and Jimin heard the sound of plastic hitting flesh followed by a quick yelp from the younger of the two. So, Seokjin was still dangerous with those utensils.“What was that for?” Yoongi whined.“You know exactly what it was for, Mister. Now what will you say?”“I will apologize to the maknae for yelling at him as well as kicking him out of his own room.”“Good. Now go and shower.”Yoongi sniffed his armpit and Seokjin chuckled at the sour expression he showed.“Exactly. You don’t smell so hot.”As Yoongi exits the kitchen, he spots Jimin who is trying to make himself invisible against the wall.“Jiminnie!” he exclaims with a small smile on his young-looking features. “What are you doing up so early?”“Uh, Jeongguk woke me up,” he chuckled, hoping the elder would drop it soon enough so he could go and talk to Seokjin before the others started to rise.“Oh, he’s in your bedroom? I might go talk to him now…” Yoongi trailed off, eyes drifting to lock on the door of Jimin’s bedroom.“Not now!” Jimin half-shouted. He heard Hoseok and Taehyung stir from the lounge. “I mean – have a shower first and let him sleep a little longer.”Yoongi’s eyes softened and he ruffled Jimin’s hair.“Okay, dongsaeng.”“Jimin?” Seokjin called quietly from around the corner, not loud enough to wake up Taehyung and Hoseok who were cuddled awkwardly on the lounge in their living area – probably having fallen asleep without meaning to.Jimin rounded the corner, angling his hips carefully to conceal his persistent bulge and greeted his hyung with a shy nod.“What’s up Jiminnie? What’s got you up so early?”Jimin turned over words in his mind, trying to find the best way to express himself and his… concerns. He knew Seokjin would understand and try his best to help him no matter what; he was a good hyung and he’d helped him with similar issues before.“Hyung, last night, uh…” Jimin trailed off, palms clamming up as his experiences with Jeongguk that very morning and the night prior whirled around in his mind.Seokjin was staring at him in a way one might look at a person who’s got blood on his hands. You know they’ve done something bad – to themselves or another, it’s unclear as of yet and because of that you’re unsure whether or not to show them sympathy.However, Seokjin began to interpret the behaviour Jimin was expressing and identified it as something he’d seen before; though only a few times. Seokjin could recall the last time Jimin had acted in such a nervous manner. Or rather, the events which had led up to it. 
It’d been a long day packed full of schedules with two filming’s on opposite sides of the city, a live special for V app which they’d had to get their makeup re-done for and to top it all off – a gruelling dance practice which had lasted longer than most. Once they were dismissed, all the members bolted for the door; keen to return to the dorms and crash. Jimin, however, stayed back to practice because he wanted to ‘nail that one move just before the chorus’. The members nodded and left him be.

On the way back to the dorms, Seokjin convinced a tired and impressionable Yoongi to sleep in Namjoon’s bed, allowing the latter to room with Seokjin for the night. Though they were both tired, Seokjin knew Namjoon would appreciate having some time together. Sure enough, the younger was impressed at Seokjin’s efforts and rewarded him accordingly.

 
Seokjin broke out of his reverie when it became too explicit to be thinking about in public – or, in front of anyone but Namjoon himself. Jimin still stood in front of him, awkwardly wringing his damp hands together. His hands weren’t the only part of him that was sweating, for Seokjin could see a trickle of perspiration begin to bead between his brows. But Seokjin could have sworn he and Namjoon had been quiet last night – they’d barely done anything but make out and –“Last night, um–”“I’m sorry, Jiminnie. I thought we were being quiet. I mean, it should have been, all we really did was –”“No, hyung, it wasn’t you and Namjoon.” Jimin cut Seokjin off sharply, nails biting into his slippery palms as he recalled a similar irksome memory. 
When Jimin arrived home an hour after the other members, he expected them all to be dead asleep. His assumption was somewhat correct, for the dorms were dead silent after he closed the front door quietly. As he moved closer toward the hall, however, he heard a dull but steady thumping. As he moved closer toward his own room, he began to pick up faint traces of what sounded like voices. Jimin followed them and was led to Seokjin and Yoongi’s room. He pressed an ear against the door and immediately regretted it.

“Namjoon…” he heard Seokjin whine, “harder, please.”

The thumping – the headboard knocking against the wall – became louder.

“Fuck, hyung–”

Namjoon’s words broke off with a throaty groan, accompanied by Seokjin’s high pitched keens and Jimin stepped back from the door as if it had personally offended him.

Making his way quickly to his own room, he burrowed under the covers without undressing, trying to blink back the tears in his eyes and stop the sick feeling that was churning in his stomach.
 Seokjin’s mouth hung open after being cut off mid-sentence, but he closed it, realising he’d made Jimin more uncomfortable than he already was, eyeing the clenched fists. Seokjin stepped forward and took the younger’s hands, unfurling the tight balls he’d made. Jimin stared down at their hands, seemingly too nervous to speak.“Jiminnie, what happened last night?”The younger looked up at his name being uttered by his hyung, and looked into his eyes. He saw nothing but care and love, and he knew Seokjin would understand and try to help; although sometimes he’d make it worse beforehand.He took a deep breath and the words he needed to say settled in his mind, finally.“Well, I, uh, overheard you talking to Yoongi-hyung just now,” Seokjin’s eyes narrowed just slightly and Jimin knew he was going to tell him what happened to boy’s who eavesdrop so he quickly continued, “and after that happened, Jeongguk slept in my room.”Seokjin furrowed his brows in confusion, not sure where Jimin was going, but nonetheless nodded in encouragement for him to continue.“And um, when he went to shower, I’d kind of already planned to, y’know, so I kind of just…” paused uncomfortably before struggling to finish, “but he came back and now he wants to know but I can’t tell him.”The crease between Seokjin’s brows had only deepened and he stared at Jimin as if he were trying to solve him like a Rubik’s Cube.“I have…” Seokjin shook his head, “no idea what you’re talking about.”Jimin frowned up at him, distress written plain as day on his features.“Hyung,” he whined petulantly.Seokjin stepped back and leaned against the adjacent counter, raking a hand through his hair and trying to process once again what Jimin had said.“Okay, what was it that you had already planned to do?”Jimin’s face coloured a deep shade of red at the question and his gaze once again lowered to the floor. He mumbled something unintelligible. Seokjin prompted him to repeat himself.Raising his head a clenching his fists even together than before, Jimin answered.“What you and Yoongi-hyung were talking about.”Seokjin’s mouth took on a perfect o-shape of realisation as he finally understood what Jimin was talking about. The younger, seeming to have lost his bravado, scuffed his toes on the linoleum.“Right, right. So you were–” Jimin looked up in distress and Seokjin hastily changed his sentence, “you were, uh, y’know, and Jeongguk walked in on you too?”Jimin nodded and Sokejin let out a low whistle.“Poor kid, he has the worst luck sometimes, I’ll tell you.” Seokjin laughed, spinning around to continue preparing breakfast now that the most difficult part of the conversation seemed to be over.“So… will you help me, uh, tell him?”“Tell him what?” Seokjin responded airily, already caught up in combining ingredients in a large pan over the stove.“You know, give him the talk.”Seokjin ahhhed in response and turned to face Jimin, wearing a very serious expression.“You think he’s ready?”Jimin looked at Seokjin, confused. Wasn’t the answer obvious?“Well, yeah, with both Yoongi-hyung and I he ought to be pretty confused.”Seokjin hummed in agreement again, turning back around to add another few chunks of tofu to the pan; stirring them in.“So?”“Sure, I’ll talk to him later.”Jimin sighed in relief and thanked Seokjin profusely, going so far as to bow at his feet for saving him what could possibly have been a disaster.Seokjin swatted at him with a clean spatula in an attempt to get him back on his feet, and only did Jimin relent when he heard footsteps padding toward the kitchen. Yoongi entered seconds later, eyeing them both lazily as he pulled a carton of juice from the fridge.“Now that Yoongi’s out, go have a shower.” Seokjin said to Jimin with and authoritative tone, before dropping it to a whisper that only Jimin could hope to hear. “And take care of that.”Seokjin punctuated his words with a brisk glance at Jimin’s crotch which was still embarrassingly tented, though to a lesser extent than when he first left his room.Jimin blushed from the tips of his ears right down to his chest and hurried to the bathroom. *** Throughout breakfast, Jimin kept his eye on Seokjin, waiting for him to make the move and pull Jeongguk aside the talk. The moment never came though. During vocal practice, dance practice and a movie they all watched together with their few hours of free time, no such occurrence happened. It isn’t until after dinner that Seokjin called for Jeongguk.“Gukkie-ah, can you come help me with this dishes?”Jeongguk pouted but agreed nonetheless and the other members fled the room, happy at having avoided dish duty with eomma Jin for the night. Jimin hung midway between the living room and the kitchen, listening in to see if Seokjin was really going to give him the talk. Taehyung and Hoseok glanced at him weirdly as he just stood and started at the bright, fast-moving characters on the TV, while he listened intently to the voices in the kitchen.“Jeongguk, I want you to know before I start, everything you experience during this stormy period is completely normal and you should never feel ashamed to come to me if you need any advice or–”Seokjin’s voice faded into the distance as Jimin hightailed it back to his room, where he stayed mindlessly throwing a ball up in the air until a knock on the door startled him out of it.“Who is it?” Jimin called after a moment, realising whoever it was wasn’t going to come in immediately.“It’s me.” Jeongguk replied quietly.Jimin granted him entry and his heart rate spiked when he saw the shell-shocked look on the younger’s face. Seokjin must’ve given him a good talking to, then. And taught him to knock, he added as an afterthought.“You alright?” Jimin asks, mostly just to ease some of the tension in the room, which is so thick he was beginning to suffocate.Jeongguk nodded meekly, still hovering awkwardly near the door.“Can I–” he licked his lips nervously, “can I ask you a question, hyung?”Jimin’s stomach twists with unease. It’s going to be about the birds and the bees talk surely, Jimin thought nervously. He nodded nonetheless. He was Jeongguk’s hyung and he had to try and be a good one for him.“I, uh – I know what you were doing last night and I’m sorry for interrupting.” Jeongguk began and Jimin blushed.Seokjin had certainly covered all bases, hadn’t he? He’d not only taught the maknae something new, but applied morals and right and wrong behaviours all in one go.Before Jimin could reply, Jeongguk continued.“This morning, though, when I woke up and you were… y’know,” Jimin laughed despite his discomfort as the younger reminded him of himself and his avoidance of lewd words, “were you doing that because it felt good? Is that a way to get rid of it?”The genuine curiosity in Jeongguk’s eyes floored Jimin for more than a few moments and it took all of his brain function to pull his facial expression back into one of calm support for the younger. He didn’t want to seem aghast at questions the maknae had asked, because that would go against what Seokjin had told him about having no reservations about asking them. With Seokjin and his calm attitude in mind, Jimin perseveres.“I should apologise for that, I was wrong in doing what I did.” Jeongguk’s mouth parted in surprise. “But yes, what I was, uh, doing is a way to get rid of it.”Jeongguk nodded, seeming to soak in all of his hyung’s words like he’d be quizzed on it later.“Would you like to do that again some time, then?” Jeongguk asked as innocently as one can when asking to get off with their best friend.Jimin choked on his own saliva and sat up warily, trying to control his breathing.“Um, no, I don’t think that’s a good idea, Gukkie.” Jimin responds shakily.To his surprise, Jeongguk just shrugs and smiles, informing him:“It’s okay, Seokjin told me how to do it myself anyway, just like you and Yoongi-hyung!”Jimin doesn’t think the excitement in his voice is warranted but he smiles along with Jeongguk at having overcome such a difficult situation.He prays to every higher being that Jeongguk will run to Seokjin next time his curiosity is piqued. 



Afterword


End Notes
apologies for not updating sooner but i wanted to try writing something a little longer and turns out my motivation declines steeply when i try that and i end up with a choppy story with way too much dialoguequestion: would you guys rather longer fics in this series or shorter ones? or a mix of both?leave me your opinions in the comments and leave kudos if you enjoyed this!


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



