



Fake It - bonnie_C - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Fake It
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/8798911.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Graphic Depictions Of Violence
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jung Hoseok | J-Hope/Min Yoongi | Suga, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster/Kim Seokjin | Jin
Character:
Min Yoongi | Suga, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Park Jimin (BTS), Jeon Jungkook, Kim Taehyung | V, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Kim Seokjin | Jin, Other(s)
Additional Tags:
Mafia AU or something, gang au?, Leader!Yoongi, Smut, Also underground rappers but yeah, tags to be updated, Romance, or something
Stats:

        Published: 2016-12-09
          Completed: 2017-06-02
          Chapters: 25/25
        Words: 35267
      

Fake It
by bonnie_C
Summary
In this business, Yoongi has his own way of dealing with betrayal and he sticks to his ways no matter what.Even if it means destroying everything he loves.




One



“You really had to have him killed?”  “What can I do for you, Namjoon?”The tall, blonde-haired male looked at his boss with a raised eyebrow.  “Why did you-“ “You know how I deal with people who betray me and that I make no exceptions, especially not for my friend’s dick.”  Namjoon groaned, sinking into one of the chairs in front of his friend’s desk, throwing his head back. Of course he knew, he knew very well; in fact, everyone knew. Yoongi was notorious for his cold-blooded way of handling things.Min Yoongi. 22 years old and head of one of the biggest companies in the country, at least that’s what he did on the surface. But once he took off his expensive blazer his whole frame, as lithe and mockable as it may have looked, was drenched in other people’s blood. His eyes were those of a warrior and his mind the one of an ice-cold strategist who stopped at nothing to get what he wanted. Betrayal was something that asked for punishment.  And this time, one of their new guys had to experience that. To be fair, it had been his last experience.“He was cute you know…”Yoongi sighed, taking off his glasses and looking up from his papers for the first time since Namjoon had entered his office. His eyes were heavy with fatigue and the taller male felt bad for a moment.  “Sorry for the cockblock, but that little fucker was out to destroy me and if you do not stop talking about that dipshit I will send you right after him.”  There was no venom in his voice, only annoyance and exhaustion and Namjoon had become in expert in reading his voice.  “Sorry, didn’t mean to get on your nerves.” “Just…whatever” Yoongi put his glasses back on “don’t forget why I shot him in his cute face.” It was dark outside when Yoongi finished his work. Sighing, he stretched his aching muscles, put his glasses down and stood up to look at the city’s night life below him. Bright lights and loud sounds were almost distant and he caught himself trailing off, his head filling with ideas and could-bes He shook his head, grabbing his coat and leaving his office.For him, that life was over.Deciding to walk the way home he pulled his scarf closer to his face, saying goodbye to his secretary on the way home, telling the young man not to stay up for too long before heading out into the chilly autumn air. It had gotten colder over the last few days and Yoongi made the mental note to buy a new coat or he’d freeze to death in no time.  Making his way through the city a group of people caught his attention, bustling around and heading towards a small door, the entrance to a club the small male knew all too well.  Melancholy took over him as he thought back to that time; that time he was living his dream, that time he had smiled from ear to ear. Now, all of that was in the past, far away and blurry. He’d become cold and distant towards the world. If there was any beauty in life, he surely wasn’t able to see it anymore.  Shaking his head he continued his walk, sighing in relief when he entered the warm confines of his own home. He heard tiny steps trudging towards him and couldn’t help the smile that danced on his lips.“Holly~”The small, brown dog barked and he crouched down, caressing the animal’s head and smiling softly as it lay down and turned onto its back.  “Mh…you might be the most beautiful thing in the world after all…” A loud rumbling right beside him woke the male up with a start. Holly jumped off of the bed, barking and ready to fight but quickly jumping back into his owner’s arms when the noise came back. Yoongi groaned, realizing that the noise came from the flat next door.Fucking hell.Leaping out of bed he headed for the door, immediately noticing the boxes and bags n the hallway. A brown-haired boy emerged from the flat, wiping away the sweat from his forehead when he noticed the grumpy male staring at him.“Oh! Do you live next door? Did I wake you up? I’m really sorry, I just moved in and got all my stuff and I’m trying to get everything in here” he laughed and scratched the back of his head “I’ll try not to make that much noise, again, I’m incredibly sorry.”  The boy’s attention was diverted when he seemingly noticed the tiny creature right beside Yoongi. He smiled and leaned down a little.  “Who are you, little guy, hm?”Gwangju. Fucking. Dialect.  That was the only thing on Yoongi’s mind. He eyed the male some more, his heartbeat slowly increasing as he took in his appearance. Lean body, nice, long legs, a pretty face and bright eyes; how fucking unfair for someone to look this gorgeous. His light dialect made everything much worse, Yoongi had a thing for certain languages, certain sounds and certain types of people and this guy was totally playing into his categories.Fucking. Unfair.“Just…you need help or something?”  The question had left his mouth before he could think about it and he noticed how the other visibly jumped at the sound of his voice, gravelly and rough from sleep. He bit his lip, trying not to let any colour get to his cheeks as the male grinned and nodded and suddenly, it was hot as if the fucking sun itself was grinning at him.  “Thank you, really! Oh, I’m Hoseok by the way, Jung Hoseok.” “Yoongi…” “Yoongi, huh? What a nice name!”Fuck. His. Dialect.  And fuck the way his name rolled from his tongue like honey.



Two
Chapter Summary
New opportunities and new experiences; Hoseok's first encounter with filthy poet AGUST D.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




The heat inside the small club was almost unbearable and Hoseok found himself sweating through his shirt the moment he’d entered. Excitement filled the air, people rushing back and forth, getting ready for their big moment.  Hoseok himself was anxious but he felt determined; the perfect opportunity to show himself and a bunch of random strangers how far he’d come. Sure, he was far from being a pro but he at least though that, when it came to rap, he was on a pretty decent level. Grinning to himself he looked around at the other contestants which had gathered in the middle of the club, the crowd forming a circle around them.Five people in total; two wearing their hoods up and one of them hiding his face behind a mask. The three other looked a little like they were trying way too hard, gold chains and tank tops and Hoseok found himself snickering only a little. Going through his lyrics again his mind didn’t even register the first one giving it a go, the crowd no too impressed by the bloke’s performance.  Hoseok gave himself one last shot of confidence as he recognized his beat, taking the mic and warming himself up before he began spitting his lyrics, confused by his own voice which came out of the speakers. It felt weird, hearing his own words as he spoke them, hearing the people around them cheering him on; they seemed to actually like what he was doing. In his frenzy he suddenly noticed the guy with the hidden face nodding to the beat and before he could stop himself a snarky comment left his lips at the end of his turn, the crowd snickering and a few of them roughly hitting Hoseok’s back.  The boy smiled from ear to ear, proud of himself, proud that he’d given everyone a good time, proud that they’d liked him. As the guy he’d just dragged approached him Hoseok felt the tiniest bit of guilt run down his spine.‘I hope I didn’t overdo it…’The guy didn’t look at him, taking the mic from his hands and Hoseok shivered at the cold he felt; that guy was someone straight from the other side of the wall.  A fresh beat started and the crowd suddenly cheered, louder than they’d had before, some of them whispering praises, words of surprise and a group in the back shouting ‘AGUST D’.   And instead of the usual lyrics Hoseok had expected the guy to deliver (he didn’t really look like much, tiny frame, hidden face, not someone you would call a rap genius) a pair of cold eyes fixated on Hoseok, words like knives shooting directly at him, his voice venomous and harsh. If it had been under any other circumstance the tall male probably would’ve been offended. However, he wasn’t able to feel anything but amazement.Whoever this guy was, he had been made for this.He growled and spit, screeching in a way that was weirdly attractive, his words so filthy but so poetic at the same time and Hoseok had never been so fascinated over someone calling him out to suck their dick, really.  The moment he’d finished, chest heaving and beat fading out, the crowd went insane, chanting ‘AGUST D’ over and over, gushing over the performance and praising the stranger.And Hoseok; he didn’t feel hurt, if anything he felt honoured. This guy had dragged him in the probably harshest way possible, reading him like an open book but his choice of words, the way he effortlessly rode the beat; beautiful couldn’t even describe it.  But instead of basking in fame, admiration and idolization, like everyone else would do, the guy, ‘AGUST D’, turned on his heels without another word, without even looking at anyone, and headed towards the exit.“Dude! He fucked you good! You alright there?”  “Yeah, I’m…I’m good, actually. You know who that is?”  The male gave him a look of disbelief, looking around as if to check if someone had heard Hoseok just asking the impossible.  “Dude, you don’t know?” “Why do you think I’m asking”  “THAT was AGUST D, a legend, bro. Can’t believe you didn’t recognize him.”  “AG-who?”A few people nearby turned around, giving Hoseok the same look and the male suddenly felt a little uncomfortable. However, they soon started laughing, patting his back lightly.  “You’re new here, aren’t you!” “Moved here like a week ago…”  One of them nodded understandingly.  “AGUST D is a legend in the underground scene. He’s a freaking lunatic once someone hands him a mic. All his beats were produced by himself and they’re true masterpieces, every one of them, really. But nobody knows who the bloke really is. I’ve never seen his face without the mask, but I believe he has his reasons.”  “Rumour has it he belongs to one of the big gangs of this town.” “Gang…?”  The guy just shrugged.  “He’s been gone for quite a long time, people make up stuff, you know? That and him never showing his face, it seems suspicious. Whatever he’s up to, I’m glad he’s back and I hope he’ll come back frequently, man I MISSED that dude!”“You in love or something” “You want to catch these hands or something” Walking home Hoseok was drunk off of the happenings of the night. The air was cold, but he hardly felt it, body still high on adrenaline, endless questions flooding his mind and pulling at his nerves. Needless to say he didn’t find any sleep that night.Coming home from his run in the morning and opening the door to the apartment complex Hoseok recognized a tired figure sorting out their mail in the hallway. He smiled.  Yoongi.  “Good morning, neighbour~” The smaller male looked at him with tired eyes and a grumpy expression, clearly irritated by Hoseok’s cheery nature this early in the morning.“How are you up this early…” “Mh? Oh, always been a morning person. Besides, it’s almost, like, ten, not that early, really…”  “You came home pretty late though, didn’t you? No sleeping in for you?” “Nah, I’m not the-wait, did you hear me coming home? Did I wake you up! I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to do that, really!”  Hoseok, franticly apologizing, noticed the faintest of blushes and a hint of realization on the male’s face. Yoongi, however, composed himself pretty quickly, clearing his throat and shaking his head.  “Holly kept me up, I was awake anyway…”  “Pretty active dog for someone like you…” “…What” “I didn’t MEAN-“That’s how all their encounters went; Yoongi being grumpy and Hoseok embarrassing himself in any way possible in front of the small male. The blonde’s mood, however, always seemed to shifted towards the good side and Hoseok was more than proud whenever he would notice the tiniest of smiles on his face.“I’m currently studying” he’d said during their meet up at his flat, a ‘thank you’ to Yoongi for helping him move in.  “But my father promised to pay for my apartment if my graded were satisfying.”  “You study?” “Dance and music history. It’s nice since I get to do what I love, I just hope I’ll be able to live off of it someday.”For a moment Hoseok saw something like sadness and envy glistening in Yoongi’s eyes. However, it vanished as fast as it had come, the blonde nodding understandingly.  “Must be nice, being able to live the way you want to?” “Aren’t you?”  Yoongi sighed, turning his head and looking out of the window and Hoseok felt like maybe, just maybe he really shouldn’t have asked. After all, they didn’t know each other at all and the topic clearly seemed to trigger some pretty bad emotions in the blonde’s mind.  “Don’t think I ever had a choice to. My father threw me into his company and this…life I’m living. My whole life revolves around it and I…can’t just put everything down, open the door and leave for good.” “Why not? If you don’t want to do it, then don’t there’s…your father will understand, I’m sure.”Yoongi smiled at him and Hoseok felt something stabbing him. The blonde’s eyes were full of envy, his smile fake and ice-cold.  “Trust me” he said, taking another sip of his coffee “If it was that easy, I would be long gone by now.”



Chapter End Notes
I didn't proof-read this (I never do lmao). If you find any mistakes lemme know so I can fix


Three
Chapter Summary
Yoongi is swimming in euphoria and something new is ready to come for him.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




He’d forgotten the euphoria, the rush of adrenaline through his veins once his hands touched a microphone. Had forgotten how good it felt to be praised, to see and hear people freaking out to his words, to drag someone down just for fucking fun. It had been a few days since his visit to the club and the energy was still deep inside him. Namjoon noticed too as his boss was uncharacteristically cheery and forgiving; something that never happened, really.“Someone fucked you good, huh?”
The small smile on the blonde’s face fell instantly.
“Fuck off, Namjoon.” “Please, you don’t have to hide it from me, Yoongi. Gimme some input."
“The only thing I’ll give you is a fucking bullet. To your head. Now fuck off.”
Truth be told the blonde actually liked his taller friend. Namjoon, if not always the most positive person, was the creative mind of their business and someone Yoongi knew he could count on. Sure, he wasn’t as cold and pretty predictable in his actions but even the tall male managed to surprise his boss from time to time.Sitting down in front of Yoongi’s desk he stretched out his long legs and sighed.
“We need new people, big boss. You’ve killed at least five of them in the last three months and before you start, yes, I know why. But we can’t do business with ten people.
“The less people are invo-“ “I know, believe me. However, I also know that the less people we have the slower everything is. And you’re not the most patient person. Yoongi, just three people, that’s all I’m asking for. Three new people, you can pick them out yourself if you want to. We just really, really ne-“
“Alright, I get it, shut up before I get a headache.”The blonde leaned back in his chair and sighed, rubbing his temples. He was well aware of their current situation and his killing spree hadn’t really helped their problems either. But misuse of his trust only had one consequence and he would never make any exceptions.
“I’ll think of something, leave that to me, genius.” “So, what exactly IS your company about?” Hoseok asked him over a bowl of chocolate ice cream. Ridiculous, really, how close they’d gotten in less than two weeks. Yoongi’s excuse? He was sure he could read people very well and to him Hoseok showed no sign of any threat at all.
‘He uses the :3 emoji, he can’t fucking hurt anyone’A terrible fucking excuse but, still, an excuse.“Nothing too exciting really…”
Yoongi picked at his bowl, deep in thought about who he should add to the company. He could ask Hoseok, he really could; However, something inside him completely shut down when thinking about the taller male sitting in his office, his face falling as Yoongi tells him about ‘the business’.
No, that boy was probably the last one he’d want to see as one of his men.If anything, that boy was someone he wanted to see as his man-wait what.“Just a lot of…economy stuff, it’s boring, really…” “Man, I knew you didn’t like it but it sounds like you’d do anything to get out of there…” “Something like that, yeah….”
Hoseok suddenly grinned at him, eyes bright like the sun and Yoongi was scared of going blind for a second.
“You know what, we should go out together sometime, get your mind off of work. You like rap? There’s this club downtown where people meet up to show what they’ve got, I’ve been there…like last week? Showed off my skill.”
Hoseok’s proud grin made Yoongi chuckle, his mind replaying the scene and he had to admit – the boy wasn’t half bad. He was about to say something when-
“Oh, and there was this guy, no idea who he was. But he came up right after me and dragged me through the whole country. It was glorious, really.”
“You got a kink or something?” “What” Hoseok laughed “No, no, maybe, who knows. It’s just, he insulted me in every way possible but…it was beautiful, as if he was reciting a poem. A really, really filthy poem, but a nice one- hey, you’re red, Yoongi!” “Mr. Min, please don’t forget your date at seven.” “It’s not a date, Jimin. But thank you.”
Namjoon’s ear perked up.
“A date?” “Not a date. And why the fuck are you here again? Don’t you have work to do or shall I give you some more?”
The tall male laughed, shaking his head.
“No, no, I’m good. But I’m bored, the only thing we’re doing lately is desk work and it’s lame…” “Get your gun and kill someone and leave me the fuck alone so I can finish.”
“Wow, moody. Come on, Jimin, let’s leave grumpy here alone so he can get ready for his date.”“I have a gun, Namjoon.” “Seriously, Yoongi, when was the last time you’ve been out to see a movie, huh?”
The shorter male sighed, shaking his head and pulling his scarf a bit closer, the cold autumn air biting at his skin. He’d agreed to meet up at the cinema with Hoseok, complaining about the amount of money they had to spend on tickets alone.
“A few years…I don’t remember, really. They weren’t that pricey back then…” “Back then, you sound like eighty, wow…”
“I feel like it, too”
Hoseok chuckled his head and looked up into the sky, a number of puffy clouds trying their best to hide the stars from his view.
“You don’t look like it, though. Also, you’re fun to be around.” “That’s a first…”The taller male looked at him, an honest smile on his face.
“Really, you’re…collected and calm…and brutally honest, I like that. Also, you’re really cute, I mean it.”
“That’s a first as well.”
And in a moment Yoongi could only describe as one of boldness on the other’s side Hoseok took his hand, lacing his fingers with the smaller male’s thing a long ones and somehow, in a weird way, everything just fit together. The blonde felt his face heat up slightly, casting his eyes to the ground and trying to hide his moment of weakness. Hoseok smiled.
“Your hands are really cold…” “They always are…”“Let me warm them, then” Looking at himself in the mirror the young male sighed, blood fresh on his hands, legs trembling and skin pale. There was no way to turn back and he knew. He was tainted, impure, worthless. He had nowhere to go anymore, no place he could call home.
Everything he’d once known was now gone.He only had himself.And would make use of that.



Chapter End Notes
See, this is a really cute story about romance and love.Nothing more.I swear.


Four
Chapter Summary
Hoseok gets the chance to stand on his own to feet, ready to make another bold move.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“So you’re dating him now?” Taehyung looked at his friend with big eyes, a small smirk on his face. Hoseok sighed, cheeks turning slightly pink as he shook his head, looking down at his cup of hot chocolate. “I don’t think we’re dating, really. We’re just…getting along really well and he let me hold his hand once, probably just because he was cold.”“You don’t seem very happy about that…” “It’s just” he sighed “I want to be friends with him, he seems like, I can’t really describe it, he’s just so interesting and” “Mysterious?” “Yeah…but at the same time I kind of like him a little more, he’s really attractive…Ah, what am I doing, Tae!” The brown-haired male banged his head on the table, a few people turning around to look at them in confusion. Taehyung chuckled and patted his head, supporting his own with his other hand. “You’re making it more difficult for yourself than it should be…” “You’re one to talk, Romeo. How’s that thing between you and that small guy?”“First off, his name is Jimin” Taehyung scoffed, a little offended that Hoseok didn’t remember. However, he sighed heavily, shaking his head. “I think he and I will become really good friends but…nothing more.” “Still got the hots for your boss, don’t you?” “That’s not the only reason” Taehyung reached over and hit Hoseok over his head “It’s…I don’t think that he’d the type of…person I’d want to be in a relationship with, just because…I don’t know…I’d love to be his friend, though…”Taehyung took a sip of his mug and went silent for a bit before speaking up again. “Speaking of my boss, he said that, if you still need a job, you could come over and introduce yourself.” Hoseok’s ears perked as he looked at his younger friend. “You joking?” “Nope” He grinned “we need people, you know. And he said he likes what I’ve told him about you and would gladly take you in until you’ve found something better or finished your studies.” “Thank you, really, Tae.”Hoseok smiled brightly when his phone started vibrating in his pocket. Looking at the screen the message he’d received.From: Cold Hands <3 Come over? I’m bored and have the day off. Only if you want to. Hoseok gathered his stuff and put his phone back in his pocket. “I have to leave, kiss your boss for me and tell him I’ll stop by tomorrow, alright?” He speed-walked out of the café before Taehyung could throw anything at him. “Alright, Mister Jung. I would like to welcome you to our little business.” Frankly speaking, despite the smile on his handsome face, the man, Kim Seokjin, had something terrifying to him. Wide shoulders, lean figure and nicely dressed but his eyes reminded Hoseok of the ocean during a storm; cold and unforgiving. The male couldn’t help but think of Yoongi, his eyes showing the same coldness whenever they would meet after he’d come home from work. ‘Maybe that’s what having a business of your own does to you’ Casting his thoughts aside he smiled as well, shaking the hand of his new boss and thanking him once more before exiting his office where he was greeted by Taehyung. “How did it go?” “I’ll see you tomorrow, colleague.” Walking towards the elevator he couldn’t help but grin as he heard Taehyung’s cheering behind him. He was happy himself, couldn’t wait to call his father and tell him that he didn’t need to pay for his apartment anymore, that he’d found a job and was going to be okay. Also, he couldn’t wait to tell Yoongi. “So you got a job now?” Yoongi’s tired voice lacked of emotion but Hoseok had become used to that. Over the course of the weeks he’d learned to listen for the small signs of happiness, confusion, any kind of emotion at all. “Yeah, I was pretty lucky, to be honest. I got in through a friend since his boss seemed to like what he’d heard…” “That’s nice…” The blonde was slowly drifting off and the taller male was suddenly so much more aware of their position, Yoongi resting his head on Hoseok’s chest while the younger combed through his hair. Was it way too intimate for friends? Who knows, probably yes. But then again, Hoseok really didn’t mind and the other male didn’t seem to care either.“Yoongi, you’re falling asleep…” “So…?” “Should I clean up and leave so you can…” “Nah…it’s comfortable…you can stay over if you want to…” Hoseok’s face turned red and his eyes lit up, trying his best to calm his heart down because he knew the older could hear it beating, could feel it almost ripping through his chest. Slowly, he put his other hand, which had been dangling from the edge of the sofa, around Yoongi’s small frame and pulled him a little closer, earning a satisfied grunt form the older. “Mh, I’m up for that…”It went silent for a while, none of them saying anything and Hoseok thought that Yoongi had fallen asleep until- “Hoseok…?” “Mh?” “I’m sorry I’m always so tired when we meet up…it’s not fair on you…I know…” Hoseok smiled lightly, continuing to comb through his hair. “It’s okay, really. I like spending time with you, no matter if we’re out or lying around like this…” He could feel the older shift slightly, adjusting his position so he could look up at Hoseok with tired eyes and the taller male couldn’t help but smile at how cute he looked. “Besides, you can totally make up for that” “How?”“Go out with me, like on a real date.”There was another moment of silence and Hoseok was starting to regret his bold move for a moment, ready to laugh it off and say that it was all a joke when Yoongi chuckled quietly. “I’m okay with that, Jung Hoseok, more than okay…”  “You will not hold him responsible for that, will you?”“Rules are rules. I’m not making any exceptions.” “You can’t be that heartless, come on.”“I don’t care who that kid is and I don’t care who he is protecting. Rules are rules, no exceptions. He betrayed us, he needs to die.”



Chapter End Notes
This is so much fun to write, really


Five
Chapter Summary
Yoongi is thinking back to old days which makes him realize that maybe it is time to stop running.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“How long has it been since I’ve seen that notebook?” Namjoon grinned at his blonde friend while sitting down at the edge of his desk. Yoongi couldn’t see it, too focused on the notes and lines before him, but the taller male had a look of relief on his face. He and Yoongi went way back, to a time when both of them had the same dream, the same passion. But over the years Yoongi had lost it, had lost that glint in his eyes, that passion which Namjoon had admired since day one. Seeing his friend going back or at least letting his thoughts wander back to easier times; it somehow made the tall male’s heart a bit lighter.It meant that his old friend, the old Yoongi, hadn’t been killed by reality. What a relief. “Mh…found it yesterday…there’s a lot of shit in here…” Yoongi smiled slightly, shaking his head. “So much negativity…” “Hasn’t really changed if you ask me. You just don’t voice it anymore unless you’re with Holly, am I right?” “You have a death wish, don’t you?”The tall male laughed and Yoongi couldn’t help but chuckle as well. Light moments like these had been rare and the blonde had to admit; he missed it. He missed just goofing around with Namjoon, he missed composing, he missed rapping, he missed his music. Sighing, he leaned back, leaving the notebook on his table. “Say, Namjoon…” “Mh?” “If I ever...would you…hold it against me if I vanished from this business?” “You’re thinking about going back to music?” The blonde nodded. Namjoon scratched his neck and smiled.“I mean, nobody knows you or your face. You’re practically just an alias in this world. Someone else could take your place and nobody would notice…” Yoongi looked at his friend, an unspoken question on his lips and Namjoon only smiled, nodding at him and standing up. “Namjoon?” Yoongi called him back, the tall male turning around, doorknob already in his hand. “Yeah?” “Thank you.”
Thank you for being a friend. 
 “So, I realized I don’t really know anything about you…” Hoseok looked at Yoongi while stuffing his face with some noodles. They’d agreed to go on a real date, but the younger had figured that Yoongi would be too tired or not in the mood to go out so they’d settled on some take out and a movie over at Hoseok’s place. Yoongi wasn’t one to complain.Upon hearing Hoseok speak Yoongi stopped eating, pondering for a while. Knowledge, in his business, meant danger. The last thing he wanted was to endanger someone innocent, especially Hoseok. He sighed. “Trust me, the less you know about me, the better for you…” “Aw, you’re no fun, really.” Hoseok giggled and shoved Yoongi slightly, the older being a little irritated but smiling nonetheless. The younger put down his chopsticks and put on a serious expression. “Really, all I know is your name and that you’re working at your father’s company…” “That’s enough, don’t you think?” “Yoongi…” “Alright, alright…”The blonde thought for a bit. Sure he could just make something up and lie to Hoseok about himself, his past and his present. But he was tired, he was so tired of lying, so tired of running but he knew he had to be careful. The more he’d tell the young man, the more danger they’d find themselves in. Still, somehow, he felt like risking it. It was something about the younger that made him feel at ease, like he wouldn’t judge him for anything.Like he’d take him, no matter who he was.“I used to do music with a friend…a long time ago…” “Wow, really?” Hoseok’s eyes widened. “That’s cool! We have something in common then! I mean, I still…write stuff and rap but that’s really cool! Anything I could possibly know?” “I’m not telling you.” “Why not?” Hoseok scowled and Yoongi chuckled, pinching his stomach. “Because.”“Yoongi…” “Don’t make that face. We’ll make a deal. You’ll be at the event next week?” Hoseok nodded. “If you manage to empress me, I’ll tell you more.” “Really?!” “Yeah. See it as…you show me yours, I’ll show you mine.” “You have yourself a deal!” Hoseok’s mind must’ve been so ecstatic that he didn’t even think of asking Yoongi how he could possibly know about the event. “I had fun” Yoongi smiled at Hoseok as he put on his shoes. The younger smiled back at him, warm eyes and something Yoongi couldn’t quite pinpoint. “Me too. I really like spending time with you…” “You’re making me blush, Jung Hoseok.” Yoongi straightened himself up and chuckled and so did Hoseok. The atmosphere was light and warm and the blonde thought that he’d never felt this comfortable with someone that wasn’t Namjoon. It felt nice, he couldn’t deny that. As silence settled between them Hoseok came closer, maybe to hug Yoongi but the air slowly heated up and the smaller male noticed how his heart started racing. The younger looked at him, a smug smile on his face.“You’re actually blushing, Yoongi…” “…Shut up…” Hoseok put a hand on his hip, careful as if to test the waters. The older looked directly into his eyes, captivated by the deep brown and the warmth he felt. He bit his lip, noticing how the younger’s eyes flickered up and down. “You know…can I…?” “Help yourself…”Hoseok hesitated, Yoongi noticed, before placing his lips on the older one’s. At first, there was nothing. No fire, no extraordinary feeling; nothing and Yoongi was disappointed because everything had been perfect. It had been the perfect moment for that kiss and now there was nothing. However, as Hoseok deepened the kiss, gently pushing the older back towards the door he suddenly felt it. Like electric currents it ran through his whole body, making it tingle in all the right ways. He sighed quietly and the younger took that as his cue to continue, pressing the smaller male further against the door, hands exploring only a little as if to not make the other uncomfortable.As they broke apart both were breathing heavily. There was silence in between them and both of them broke out into huge grins as they looked at each other. Hoseok cleared his throat. “You…wanna stay over? Nothing…weird just…stay? You can bring Holly over here as well, I’m fine with that just…” Yoongi smiled, kissing Hoseok’s cheek and nodding.
“I’d love to.”
 “Please don’t touch me…” “Who is that young gentleman, Jimin?” The young secretary only sighed, shaking his head and clearly frustrated with the boy next to him. “Namj- I mean, Mr. Kim brought him here this morning and said that he wanted to work for us….” “And where is Mr. Kim?” “He said he had stuff to do but that he’ll talk to you later…” Yoongi was already annoyed by the presence of an unknown boy in his office but Namjoon bringing him here and then just leaving; he’d be sure to have a word with him. Sighing he took another look at the boy sitting in one of his chairs; black hair, tall and lean, quite handsome, he had to admit.“So, you got a name then?” “Jeon Jungkook.” “And what makes you think you’ll be a nice addition to our company?” Yoongi sat back down in his chair, putting on his glasses and taking a look at some of his papers. The boy, Jungkook, kept silent for a while before clearing his throat and speaking up. “I know what you do as a side business.”Yoongi stopped, taking a look at the boy and raising an eyebrow. He noticed Jimin doing the same, locking eyes with him. “What do you mean ‘side business’?” “I know that your company is a façade to hide one of the country’s biggest gangs. I know of Suga, the head of all of this, who’s notorious for killing everyone who betrays him. I also know that the biggest rival of this company, too, is nothing but a façade to hide gang business and crimes.”Yoongi’s hand was already reaching for the gun under his desk, ready to point and shoot. He noticed Jimin’s alarmed expression; he wasn’t scared but he was prepared for the worst. The blonde narrowed his eyes at the boy. “Then, tell me, why would you care to join us instead of, I don’t know, reporting us. How do I know that you’re not one of them or someone sent by the cops?” “You don’t. And I’ve figured that you’d ask that but I can’t do anything, I’ll just tell you the truth and either you’ll decide to trust me or you’ll shoot me right on the spot. It’s fifty-fifty and, honestly, I’m fine either way.”The blonde eyed the young boy in front of him, noticing his empty eyes. He knew that expression all too way from his mirror and he wondered; what the fuck had happened to this boy? He was young, he was handsome; he didn’t look like someone from his team.He could be useful.“Fine, Jeon Jungkook. If you’re of use to us, we’ll keep you. And since you already know it, I won’t have to tell you about what happens to traitors.”   “I’m looking forward to working with you.”The smile he gave him was much too innocent for Yoongi’s liking.  



Chapter End Notes
For anyone that's reading for voilence, death, pain, suffering and all the good stuff I promise it's on the way I just need to establish all the romance stuff first please be patient, it's on the way, I promise


Six
Chapter Summary
Hoseok is unsure of where he's going, but he doesn't really feel like complaining.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“So you two are actually going out now?” “No! I mean…I don’ know? I don’t think so…I really don’t know, Tae…” Taehyung scoffed at his friend who hung over his chair in the small café they were spending their lunch break at. “You two kissed and, from what you’ve said, he didn’t seem that disgusted by it. If that doesn’t mean at least something then I don’t know…” “Maybe it’s nothing more for him. Maybe I’m just a pretty little thing he likes to fool around with?” “Does he strike you as that type of person?” “Well, no, but-“ “Then stop it” Taehyung shook his head, gently smacking the other’s “Hoseok, stop thinking worst-case scenario. You two kissed, he stayed over for crying out loud. That guy has a thing for you, stop denying it.”While Taehyung took another bite from his sandwich Hoseok sighed deeply, his mind unable to leave the thought alone. Sure, Yoongi had kissed him and had stayed over, but did that really mean the feelings between them were mutual? He just wasn’t sure and, as good as he’d become in reading the older, his actions were anything but helpful. Hoseok shook his head, finishing his coffee before he felt his phone vibrating in his pocket. Curiously he took a look at it, smiling slightly at the message.From: Cold Hands <3 Don’t forget tonight. I’ll be waiting and anticipating.Before he could think of an answer another text arrived.From: Cold Hands <3 Also, we’re staying over tonight. Holly’s excited. Hoseok didn’t notice Taehyung eyeing him from across the table, rolling his eyes and finishing lunch before poking his friend’s arm. “Keep that romance shit, we need to head back now…” “Romance shit, are you kidding me. Next time you and the boss undress each other with your eyes I won’t keep quiet either.” “We don’t!” “Tae?” “Huh?” “Shut up.” Hoseok was glad that he’d accepted the job at Kim Seokjin’s company. It was pretty simple, running errands, finishing paper work; truth be told he felt more like an intern than an actual worker. However, he wasn’t complaining the least bit. His times were easy, having enough time in the evening to help out at his friend’s studio or to come by just to dance for a few hours. Life was going nicely for once.Walking through the night scene, destination waiting for him, Hoseok took a closer look at the people passing him. Men and women, entangled with each other to create warmth, smiles on their lips as they headed out into the night in search for some fun.  Some were walking alone; others were meeting in large groups to start the party. A few of them started heading towards the same direction as him and he smiled as he remembered who would be waiting.‘I wonder if he’ll perform as well…’ Hoseok thought to himself, greeting the guy at the entrance before heading in. Looking around memories of the last time he’d been there came back and he smiled, remembering the nice people, the hyped and of course-“Isn’t that AGUST D in the back?” “Yeah, he came here early…” “I wonder why…oh hey!” The guy grinned once he noticed Hoseok “You’re the kid who got dragged last time! Good to see you again, up for another round…Hoseok, right?” “Yeah, good to see you too, Chanyeol.” “Even remembers my name, I’m flattered! But, for real, are you here on coincidence or did you know that he was coming?” “A bit of both, I guess…you know if he’s performing today?” “Nah” the guy next to Chanyeol said “already asked the guys up there. He didn’t sign up for today.” Hoseok pouted but nodded, heading over to the bar to get himself some water before it was his turn. Quietly, his eyes shifted over to where AGUST D was standing, only to find the other male staring right back at him and something deep inside of him went off.Those eyes. The way he held himself. This couldn’t be, right? Hoseok tried his best to remember his voice, the way its deep, raspy sound had haunted him for weeks but he couldn’t. Something kept him from remembering and he was pretty sure he was going insane. He shook his head, downing his glass at once and heading towards the centre as he heard his name being announced among others. He grinned to himself; the song he’d chosen was one of his favourites and he hoped that, if Yoongi really was watching, he would notice. As the first guy went up and did his best Hoseok let his mind wander for a bit.Yoongi. As much as he tried, Hoseok felt like the older wasn’t as thrilled to be with him. So he made a deal with himself; if the guy in the back, AGUST D, turned out to be who he thought he was, he would ask Yoongi to be with him. It sounded weird and childish once he thought about it again, but what were his chances all in all?What were his chances that someone like Yoongi, someone so beautiful and successful would want to be with someone like him?He was ripped out of his mind when his beat started up. Grabbing his mic he warmed up for a second before blasting off, spitting his lyrics but careful not to stumble over his own words. In a matter of moments the crowd was hyped, a few of them even shouting the chorus with him and Hoseok had never felt this proud in his life. People had actually heard him, he wasn’t a stranger to a least a handful of them. Finishing with as much confidence and power as he could he took a look at the crowd, the people going wild over him, a few friendly shoving him and congratulating him.He had to say; this had been the best he’d ever delivered.He felt a familiar hand on his shoulder and turned around, ready to grin at Chanyeol when he noticed a smaller figure in front of him. “Oh you’re-“ “Come.”Unable to say anything Hoseok was dragged by the disguised figure of the AGUST D, through the sea of people who were still hyped and towards the back door. This was it; fate would now decide what would happen.The moment the back door closed the guy took off his mask, shoved Hoseok against the wall right behind him and crashed their lips together. He was shocked, to say the least, but the familiarity of it all settled in soon enough and he grinned, arms wandering around the body and pulling it closer, recognizing the way their lips molded together, something distinct that just screamed his name.
Yoongi.
 A few moments of passion and the two of them parted, Hoseok’s smile reaching from ear to ear as he breathed against the other’s lips.“How are your hands cold, it’s a hundred and fifty degrees in there…”“You were amazing, Hoseok, really. I’m really proud of you.”“Thank you.”
So tell me…
“Thank you for being here, too…”
What am I to you?
 



Chapter End Notes
Please get ready for something nice.


Seven
Chapter Summary
Some intimate time, not really the time to look for answers.
Chapter Notes
This is smut. The whole thing. Yea.



Eager hands pulling at clothing at a pace way too fast for either of them. Their lips collided, over and over again, not getting enough of the other.  Yoongi groaned, biting down on Hoseok’s lower lip and tugging at his tank top, a hint of annoyance in his actions. The taller male parted from the blonde and looked into his eyes, raisin an eyebrow.  “What?” “Take that off” Without even waiting for the younger’s answer Yoongi tugged  the shirt over his head and threw it across the hallway, biting his lip as his eyes raked over the taller male’s torso. Hoseok grinned.  “You’re that impatient, huh?”Instead of answering Yoongi let his hand wander down the younger’s crotch, grabbing his prominent erection and earning a hiss. He grinned, leaning into his and breathing against his ear.  “You’re not one to talk. Look at you, fucking hard and ready to take me and I haven’t even started.” Hoseok groaned as the older stroked him through his jeans, hands grabbing his hips.  “I’m gonna treat you so well, Hoseokkie, fuck you real nice until you’re begging for me to stop. You’d like that, wouldn’t you?”Hoseok, instead of nodding, chuckled lowly, pressing Yoongi back into the door, staring into his eyes darkly.  “You think I’d let you top me? Fuck no.” “Hoseo-“ “Just because I’m younger doesn’t mean I don’t know how to fuck you good. I can’t wait to see you beneath me, thrashing around and begging for me to go deeper, harder, faster. I’d never pass on that opportunity, I’d be stupid to do that. Now come on, let me ruin you.”With that Hoseok grabbed the back of Yoongi’s thighs and lifted him up, the older squealing lightly in surprise as he grabbed Hoseok’s shoulders to stabilize himself. He gulped, the younger’s words swimming in his head and fuelling his arousal and he groaned as his crotch was pressed into the younger’s abdomen while he walked them through his flat, teeth working at marking the older’s neck. Everything was spinning, every breath, every touch; it all felt like too much and for a moment Yoongi was scared his heart might give out at any moment.The younger gently put him down, letting go of his for a minute and Yoongi’s face heated up under Hoseok’s gaze. The younger grinned.  “Look at you, all flustered and shy all of a sudden. Where did your balls go, huh?” “Shut up…” “Let’s see what else we can do with that pretty mouth…”  With that Hoseok sealed Yoongi’s lips with his own once more, more and more aggression sipping through and the older found himself falling for it as the seconds passed. He gasped, pulling the younger’s hair as his teeth sank into the column of his throat, earning a deep groan. In a matter of seconds both had shed their clothes, restless hands wandering where they could reach.  There was something different about how Hoseok’s touch felt, setting literal fire wherever his fingers brushed Yoongi’s skin in the slightest. This wasn’t his first time being intimate with someone, but it was the first time he felt something so deep, like a thread that connected the two of them; one that would suffocate him if Hoseok went too far away from him.He pulled the younger impossibly close, looking directly into his eyes without saying a word. The moment was weird, sure, but Yoongi was looking for an answer, one only Hoseok could give him.  The other blinked at him, worry shimmering over his face.  “You okay? You want to stop or…”  “No” now’s not the time “you’re just taking too fucking long. Hurry…” “Impatient huh…” “You promised to fuck me, didn’t you?” The grins on their faces were matching.“Right, sorry to keep you waiting.”It felt weird, Yoongi had to admit, being manhandled by someone else. It had been quite some time since anyone had laid a hand on him, much more a dominant one.  But it felt too good; the way Hoseok’s fingers teased him to no end, stretching him open carefully but making sure to miss the spot Yoongi wanted him to hit the most. It was frustrating, but so good, so satisfying at the same time and the older wished he’d never stop.  However, at some point, it just wasn’t enough.“H-Hoseok…shit, please…it’s enough just…do something…” “But I am doing something, am I not?”  For a moment the blonde wanted to smack the shit-eating grin off of the younger’s face. But he was desperate; Hoseok had worked him up good and he was beyond the point of return. He grabbed the other by the neck and pulled him down, gasping and out of breath, looking directly into his eyes.“Hoseok if you don’t hurry the fuck up I swear to god I don’t know what I’ll do to you…”  The younger’s hands left him completely as he looked down at him, eyes dark and full of lust. He grinned.  “If that’s a promise I’d love to see you keeping that. But not now…” Hoseok grabbed a condom from the nightstand, put it on and without another word slammed into the older, gently but still harsh. Yoongi keened, throwing his head back and screwing his eyes shut. The younger didn’t hesitate, setting a brutal rhythm which had the other sliding across the sheets and nearly hitting his head on the headboard.  He grabbed the younger’s shoulders, digging his nails into the skin and earning a low growl of him. Hoseok leaned down, changing the angle slightly and speeding up his thrusts. He breathed harshly against Yoongi’s ear, biting the shell and the older could feel his grin as he let out a particularly loud gasp.“Like that, huh? You loved being fucked like that? I can go even harder, babe, can fuck you faster and better until you can’t walk anymore. Would you like that, hm?”  His answer was a quiet moan, one that Yoongi was highly embarrassed of but it added only fuel to the fire burning in Hoseok’s gut as his thrusts grew in strength with every time their skin met.  “Look at you…fuck…I wonder how they all would react to seeing their legend, AGUST D, the one who drags people for a living, being fucked into oblivion. So submissive…fuck, Yoongi, you’re beautiful.”It wasn’t like him, but the younger’s dirty praise made heat spread through him like a wildfire and h couldn’t contain his moans anymore, clawing desperately at Hoseok’s shoulders and back in need for something to keep him grounded.  “Hoseok right-there! I’m gonna…” “Come for me, show me how beautiful you look when you do…”And that set the blonde off, a breathy version of Hoseok’s name falling off his lips like a mantra, bouncing off the walls in the room as he hit his high. It was intense and Yoongi didn’t even notice the younger reaching his peak as well and pulling out, collapsing onto the mattress next to him.  Yoongi took a few moments to catch his breath, his mind slowly awakening from its haze as he turned to look at Hoseok, being met with another grin.“What’s with that face…” “You’re so cute, you know that…” “Jesus fucking Christ Hoseok.” The younger only laughed, standing up from the bed, throwing the used condom into a bin and grabbing a few tissues, carefully cleaning the older. Yoongi could feel his cheeks heating up, even more when Hoseok fell back onto the mattress next to him and pulled him close to his chest. They were silent for a while, Yoongi finding peace in listening to his steady heartbeat and he was close do dozing off when Hoseok spoke up again.“Yoongi…” “Mh…?”  “I don’t…want this to be a onetime thing you know…I don’t…” “Hoseok do you really think I would let my neighbour dominate me and then throw him off? Who do you think I am? Besides, after this, I’m definitely not letting you go ever, I’d be crazy…” “I’m that good?” “Your hips are no joke, really…” “Thank the countless hours I spend in the dance studio.”Both males chuckled lightly and Hoseok pulled the older closer. Yoongi could feel relief radiating off of him and it made him smile.  It was the answer he’d been searching for.“So, you’re AGUST D…” “Can we talk about this tomorrow…?”  “You promised me answers...”
Maybe…
“Hey, did you really just fall asleep on me?!”
Maybe I deserve happiness…




Eight
Chapter Summary
Not what he would have expected
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“You two actually fucked and here you were complaining about how he doesn’t like me that way get fucked, Hoseok. Literally.”  There was no venom in Taehyung’s voice as the two of them sat in their usual spot for lunch break. Hoseok’s ears were burning as he hid his face. Maybe telling his friend about it hadn’t been the best idea. The younger chuckled, patting the other’s head maybe a tad bit too harshly.  “Come on, where’s your spirit. He said he wouldn’t drop you, aren’t you happy?”  “He won’t drop me because I’m good in bed” “Jung Hoseok, you negative Nancy can’t you be happy for fucking once?”The two of them laughed lightly, Hoseok shaking his head and sighing. Taehyung was right, he should concentrate on what was certain; that Yoongi wanted him by his side, for whatever reason. It made his heart race and his stomach turn in all the right ways.  “Anyways” Taehyung started again “Boss said he wanted to see you. Said he’s got something special for you, shouldn’t keep him waiting.” Hoseok nodded, gulping down his coffee.  “How are the two of you, by the way?” “We’re nothing at all. He’s got his eyes set on someone else and, believe me, I’m no match for that guy.”  “Tae, don’t say that…” “I’m not kidding you I saw him and…Jesus Christ Hoseok there are some really fine people out there…”The older chuckled and shook his head, standing up and putting his jacket back on.  “Trust me, you’re not so bad yourself. If you feel like you need to up your game, I’m with you just don’t overdo it, alright? If he is to fall in love with you, it should be the real you not some made up façade just to please him.”  “Alright, alright, please leave before I start gagging.”  With a laugh Hoseok left the café and headed out into the streets. The air was slowly getting colder, autumn saying goodbye and making space for the cold winter season. The male made a mental note to buy a scarf before making his way through the crowds of people and back to work. “Hoseok, good to see you. You’ve done a very good job so far, I’m glad I decided to employ you.”  “T-thank you, Mr. Kim.” “Please, Seokjin is fine. Rather than your boss, consider me to be your friend, alright?”  “A-alright, Seokjin.” Hoseok couldn’t help the stuttering. No matter how many times he’d spoken to or looked at him, Kim Seokjin was quite a sight. Like he’d been pulled out of a painting, dressed in a nice suit and sat in a black chair to be the most handsome boss of a company the world had ever seen.  Said handsome boss cleared his throat before his face turned serious.“I want you to do me a favour. As you know, our company has two huge rivals; one of them, Woo, let’s say their actions are easily predictable. I’m more concerned about the other one, B.F. Company. Nobody knows who they are, what they do and how they do it but they’re one of the most successful businesses in the country, they’re better than we are.”  Hoseok nodded, not really sure where his boss was getting at.  “The point is, Hoseok, that I need to know their next move. Furthermore, I need to know who I’m dealing with. This is where you enter the game.”Seokjin handed him a folder, no markings, no name, nothing.  “I want you to enter the company. Pretend you’re an intern from one of our partners. You are to deliver this to their boss, Suga, and only to him. You have been ordered to make sure that these reach him safely. Be as persistent as possible and do not take no as an answer. Once you’ve met him, you come back and tell me everything, alright?”Hoseok blinked at his boss before gulping nervously.  “A-are you sure I’m the right person to…do that I mean…” “I would do it myself or send someone else. But my face, just like Suga’s, is unknown and I don’t want to risk being found out. With the others, they know most of my employees, I don’t know how. However, you’re new, you’re something they wouldn’t expect to change the game. You’re really important to us, Hoseok. I hope you’ll help me with this.” On his way towards his destination Hoseok’s legs were shaking like crazy. He was about to infiltrate a company and meet their head. Nausea was creeping up his body; what if he was found out? What would they do to him? What would Seokjin do to him?What would that mean for the company?Gulping down his worries Hoseok looked at the huge sign, looking for something that would scream ‘Suga’s office, this way to your certain death’. His hands were shaking and he noticed a few employees eyeing him suspiciously. He tried to ignore it, looking around to try and find someone he could ask.  His eyes landed on a young man who had just entered the building. Smiling, Hoseok carefully approached him.“I-I’m sorry, I don’t know if you could help me but I’m…looking for the company’s boss? I’m here o deliver this” he held up the folder “but I don’t really know where to go?”  The young man eyed him from top to bottom, as if to evaluate whether or not he was worthy of Suga’s experience before nodding and heading for the elevator. When he noticed that Hoseok wasn’t following he turned around and raised an eyebrow.  “You coming or what?”The tall male had never experienced such an awkward elevator ride.Upon finally reaching their destination the young man left first, greeting the male at the reception with a nod.  “Jungkook, good to see you. Did you take care of everything?” “Of course. I always do. By the way, picked up that guy over there, he’s looking for the boss.”  The male at the desk looked at him and blinked, clearly confused by Hoseok’s presence. He put on a kind smile, nodding.“Hey there, anything I can help you with?”
Jesus, this company is full of good looking people.
“Ah, yes. I was ordered to deliver this to…the company’s boss…” “You can leave it here, I will hand it to him.” “N-no I was…told I should personally give it to him and nobody else…”The two males, Jungkook and the other guy, looked at each other and Hoseok could feel the tension that slowly settled in the room. There was something terrifying about the building, the people, even the name Seokjin had given him.
Suga. 
Hoseok couldn’t help but feel like he’d heard it before, in a context he’d decided to delete from his memory.  Before the other two males could say anything else the huge door at the end of the corridor opened and a man in a black suit emerged from it, a tall, equally blonde-haired guy in tow. Hoseok’s eyes widened, this was not what he’d expected.“Before we continue, Jungkook you’re back already. How was-“  “Boss, we have a visitor.”“I…see that…”  The look of horror on Yoongi’s face matched the one of confusion on Hoseok’s. This was their rival?  His lover, the one he’d been thinking of without being able to stop; he was the head of the biggest company in the country?“Hoseok…” “S-suga…” Why did it feel like the start of a dawning catastrophe?



Chapter End Notes
Guess who was sick and is failing her education


Nine
Chapter Summary
The truth and nothing but the truth
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




The day had been shitty already; two of his employees hadn’t returned from their tasks and Yoongi highly doubted that they would. Namjoon had nothing better to d than to annoy the hell out of him, talking about this new guy he’d picked up a week ago and if they hadn’t been friends for such a long time Yoongi would’ve strangled him by now.  But what had made this day become the second worst of his life was Hoseok’s appearance at his company. He’d tried so hard to hide who he was, to not pull Hoseok into this mess as well and yet there he was, clutching a folder to his chest and looking at him with and expression that read confusion and betrayal.“Wait” Namjoon broke the silence “this is Hoseok?” “Namjoon-“  “Not the kind of person I thought he was...cute though” “Wait you…told him about me?”  Yoongi groaned loudly and closed his eyes, already feeling a migraine at the back of his head settling in. He looked at Jimin and bit his lip.  “Cancel the rest of the day. Jungkook, tell Jimin about your task. Namjoon, you’re coming with me.”  He looked at Hoseok, uneasy and nervous as he smiled.  “Would you mind following me?” “So” Yoongi had settled in his chair, gnawing at his bottom lip. It was uncomfortable to see the younger male in his office and he didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.  “Why are you here-“ “No, no. I’m…I’ve got questions the need answers.”Yoongi groaned inwardly but nodded, ready for whatever he had coming.  “So you’re…Suga?” “I-“ “No, he isn’t.”  Namjoon went in between them before Yoongi could answer, earning a glare from the blonde male. He looked at him with serious eyes before whispering into his ear.  “You don’t know if he’s here to frame you without knowing it. We need to be careful, even if he’s your boyfriend.”  Yoongi nodded, looking back at Hoseok with a smile before taking a piece of paper and scribbling something on it. He handed it to him before speaking up again.“I’m sorry but I’m not. I’m, you could say, his right hand.” “Suga never shows up at the company himself. That’s what we’re here for. We carry out his orders and collect his stuff for him. Sorry kid, no luck.”  Hoseok nodded, sliding the piece of paper back to Yoongi with a slight smile.  “I see…I was supposed to deliver this to him but…I guess not today, then…” He stood up and owed slightly. “Thank you for having me, though. I’ll come back another day.” “We’ll let the head know you were here.”Hoseok gifted Yoongi with another look, one that reassured the blonde that everything was okay before leaving his office and closing the door. The older male sighed and leaned back in his chair, nerves still on edge and migraine hitting him full on.  Namjoon picked up the piece of paper before grinning and ripping it apart.“You really care for him huh?” “Shut up…” “Just be careful. Don’t lose your guard just because it’s him in front of you. We can’t let that happen.”  With that Yoongi stood up from his chair, grabbing his coat and throwing it on. He’d had enough and just wanted to leave and spend time with Holly before the night settled in. He said goodbye to Namjoon and Jimin before making his way home. 
Pretend like you believe every word I say and then leave. I will explain everything tonight, I promise 

 

 
“They listened to our conversation”  Yoongi hadn’t even said Hello before the younger had blurted out his confession. There was hurt in his eyes, his expression screaming apology, confusion and betrayal. The shorter male sighed and pulled him in, ruffling his hair slightly.  “I-I didn’t know I…really didn’t I just…why did they…I-” “Hoseok, it’s alright. You didn’t know, so what? We’re…used to stuff like that and I think I owe you some explanation…”The two males settled down in Yoongi’s living room, Holly jumping into the younger’s lap to greet him. The blonde wasted no time and started to speak once he thought Hoseok was relaxed enough to take in some information.  “Alright…where do  start…” “You’re Suga, huh? The head of that company…and that Namjoon guy’s your…colleague?”  “Friend” “Which is why he knows about me” “Yeah…”  “I can’t…I mean…you said you’re your father’s successor but that company?” “Yeah…I’m not…proud of that to be honest?” “Why not? It’s a huge business, you’re successful. I’d be pretty proud of that to be honest…”The younger gently scratched behind Holly’s ear, earning a sound of approval from the small dog. He smiled and looked at Yoongi.  “…you haven’t heard anything?” “About you? Not really…I mean, the name Suga rings a bell but I really can’t remember…”“Hoseok, I’m a fucking criminal.” The mood changed instantly, Yoongi could feel it. His stomach churned once he saw the look of realization on the younger’s face.  Great, he was probably scared shitless now.  “W-wait you’re…that gang boss who…you’re…all those rumours…are they true? That you’re….”  “Most of it, yeah…”  Yoongi lowered his head in shame, gulping lightly and biting his bottom lip. Hoseok was probably going to leave him; he couldn’t even imagine how scared the younger was. However, the other took his hand and squeezed it lightly, causing Yoongi to look up into those beautiful eyes he’d come to adore.“Yoongi…” “W-what…?”  “Would you ever…hurt me? Or lie to me? Or do anything that you’ve done to…other people until now?”  “N-no!” Yoongi panicked, shaking his head as he felt his face heat up. “I’d never be able to do anything like that to you. I’ll protect you from anything, Hoseok, with all I have, even from myself if I have to. I swear on my life that I-““Then there’s no need for you to be scared.”Hoseok put a hand on his cheek and made Yoongi scoot closer, smiling softly at him.  “I…can’t say that I’m too pumped about this whole…gang-boss thing but…I won’t leave you. The Yoongi I got to meet is a kind person, someone I can rely on. I trust you enough to be sure that I am safe as long as you’re with me.”  Yoongi bit his lip, gulping again. He found himself unable to look away, getting lost in the younger’s eyes. Said male’s smile shifted from soft to slightly smug.“Besides, there’s no way I can back out now so you’ll have to deal with me being stuck to your side.”  “I-I’m not complaining, really…” “Good…”Their lips sealed an unspoken promise of trust and unity, something sweet that turned hot in an instant as worries were long forgotten and thrown aside.However, as Yoongi looked at Hoseok’s sleeping from next to him, his skin still slightly hot, he wondered. This couldn’t go on for much longer. Sooner or later, Hoseok would be in danger and Yoongi wasn’t sure if he’d be able to protect him from what was coming.  The decision was a hard one but he couldn’t risk the younger getting hurt just because he was being selfish.As he cuddled into Hoseok chest his heart felt heavy.It wouldn’t be easy. And it would change his world for good.



Chapter End Notes
I'm getting a lot o positive feedback for this one, thank you very much. I read all the comments and they make me want to keep this story going. I'll continue to do my best.


Ten
Chapter Summary
It could have been so peaceful



Hoseok’s body was still heavy as he woke up, taking a moment to gather his thoughts and realizing that he wasn’t at home. A quiet groan left him when he felt something tapping up his chest, warm breath hitting his face before something licked all across his nose and cheeks. He smiled slightly, cracking an eye open and looking at the small dog in front of him.  “Are you waking me up, Holly…”Beside him Yoongi stirred, groaning and clearly displeased with being awake. He turned, looking at Hoseok and then at his dog, sighing lightly.  “What are you doing…” “Waking me up, isn’t that nice?”  Instead of answering Yoongi smiled, picking Holly up from Hoseok’s chest, nuzzling the dog’s fur and putting it down. Laying back down he put his head on the younger’s chest, enjoying the warmth radiating off of him.“Are you jealous of your own dog?” “Would you rather have him bite your face off than me being affectionate?”  “I’m sorry, I’m sorry!”  Hoseok chuckled, wrapping his arms around his lover and sighing in contentment. However, his mind was already racing and a question burned on his tongue.“Yoongi…” “Mh?”  “Do I…do I have to…I mean I don’t need to be worried about you getting hurt or something, right? Like your…your job is dangerous and I-“  Yoongi suddenly lifted himself up and straddled his waist, looking Hoseok dead in the eye.  “Listen to me” he put his hands on either side of Hoseok’s face “I’ve been doing this for a bit already. I can trust the people I work with, they know what they’re doing. Besides, nobody knows my face. They don’t know who I am. Suga is nothing but a mask anyone can put on. And, be honest, do I look like the head of a company, furthermore, the boss of a gang?”  Hoseok shook his head lightly, a bit overwhelmed. Yoongi only smiled.“Sure, there’s always a chance of me being hit by a bullet or something, I can’t lie to you and say that it isn’t possible. But you do not need to worry, Hoseok. As long as you’re here, breathing and healthy, you don’t have to worry about anything because I will come back to you and I will protect you.”  “I didn’t think you were the sappy type…” “I’m not but if this makes you feel at ease, I’ll say it.”  The younger took one of Yoongi’s wrists, kissing it and smiling up at him.  “You’re hard to read, I sometimes wonder what you’re thinking about…” “Ask me, then”  “What are you thinking, hm…?”The older leaned down and breathed against the other male’s ear.  “I’m thinking about how badly I want to ride you before I have to leave for work…”  “I like your thoughts, baby.” “You’re limping, Hoseok, are you alright?” Taehyung grinned at him, no worry whatsoever in his voice. The older only groaned and searched for something to throw at him.  “Shut up, Tae.” “Didn’t take you for a bottom” “I’m not” “Then why are you limping” “Shut up” Their conversation was interrupted by the elevator announcing its arrival and two men stepping out of it. Hoseok’s eyes widened at the familiar mop of blonde hair and the male following his boss seemed equally surprised. Taehyung had gone awfully quiet behind his desk and when Hoseok turned to look at his friend his head finally pushed all the pieces together.“Wait a…minute is that the guy….” “Yeah…he’s handsome, isn’t he?”  “I-I mean sure…”
Does Yoongi know about this? 
 “So what you’re saying is that he’s never at his company, am I right?”  Seokjin’s gaze practically pierced Hoseok’s face and the male gulped lightly, nodding and causing his boss to smile. He stood up, put another folder on the desk and walking towards the door before opening it.  “Taehyung, would you mind getting the equipment for Hoseok?” “Sure.”“E-equipment?”  Seokjin looked at him, smiling once more.  “We will wire you up again. What you need to do this time is get a confession.” “A confession?” “You need to let your charms play. Get something out of them so we have evidence. You know their boss is one of the most wanted and most dangerous criminals out there? I need one of his people to tell you that, nothing more. If we get that, we’ve practically won.”Taehyung came back in and started wiring Hoseok up, the  older male clearly uncomfortable with the whole situation. He looked at his boss.  “B-but how am I going to do that? I mean…” “Hoseok.” Seokjin shot him a look.  “You’re fairly attractive and quite charming. Use it. Get close to one of them and get the information you need.”  “But I-“ “I’m sure you’ll do a great job, now off you go. We’ll be listening to it all, do not worry, you’re not in danger.”And before Hoseok could say anything else he found himself on the way to the huge glass building once again. He felt uneasy. On one hand he couldn’t risk Yoongi being found out. On the other hand, he had no idea what his boss was going to do if he’d betray them. ‘That snake is a criminal himself’ Yoongi had told him while putting on his clothes. ‘You can’t trust him. He’s violent, maybe even worse than I am. That man is no angel, Hoseok.’ ‘Then…what am I supposed to do?’  Yoongi cradled his cheek, smiling reassuringly.  ‘Don’t worry, I will think of something, alright?’ ‘Alright…’ Riding the elevator his mouth went dry and his chest felt like someone was trying to stop his breathing. He needed to make a choice, it was easy, but what made him feel sick were the consequences. Seokjin would hunt him down, wouldn’t he? Would leave no stone unturned before he’d found and done god knows what to Hoseok.  Arriving at his destination he greeted Jimin with an uneasy smile. The boy noticed right away and raised an eyebrow but Hoseok just shook his head.“Good day, Hoseok. You’re back?” “Yeah I’m here to…talk to…” “I know already” the boy smiled “You can go through, he’s working right now.”  “Thank you…do you have some paper and a pen by chance? I want to note something down before I forget it…”  The boy nodded and handing it to him, Hoseok immediately writing something down and showing it to the secretary. His eyes widened a little but he nodded.  “I’ll let him know you’re here” “Thank you.”Knocking at the door Hoseok felt Yoongi’s grunt of approval and opened it. The older male looked up at him and smiled but before he greeted him he showed him the piece of paper. Yoongi’s eyes narrowed and his expression became grim. He cleared his throat before speaking to his phone.  “Jimin, get the kid up here, I think you know what for. Get the tall one as well.”  Then he turned towards Hoseok.“You’re back, huh? I already told you the boss won’t be coming here…”Hoseok but his lip, setting his folder down onto Yoongi’s desk and looking into his eyes.“Mh, but I’m not here for him, you know….” He came closer, grinning slightly.“I’m here for you.”



Eleven
Chapter Summary
Emergency ideas.




They’re listening. Help me. 
 Yoongi’s mind raced, trying to find a solution. Hoseok looked terrified, unable to freely speak without fearing he might give himself away. He gave his lover a reassuring smile before asking Jimin to bring Namjoon and Jungkook. The kid had turned out to be quite the smart one when it came to technology and Yoongi thought that if someone knew what to do, it would be him.“You’re back, huh? I already told you the boss won’t be coming here…”He tried to keep is voice disinterested but his eyes couldn’t fool anyone, he knew that. He felt hopeless, bad that Hoseok was in this kind of situation. The younger came closer, setting down his stuff and looking at him, biting his lip.“Mh, but I’m not here for him, you know…I’m here for you.”“Is that so, huh…?”Hoseok took his hand and put it to his chest, letting the older male feel the wire attached to him. Yoongi bit his lip, letting one hand graze over his shirt while the other silently opened the bottom few buttons, revealing the black line he’d felt before.  “And why is that?” “Mh…I kind of taken a liking to you, you know? You’re really good looking and I can’t help but think of you…you’re on my mind, mister…”The door opened quietly, revealing Jungkook and Namjoon, the latter giving Hoseok a confused look. Yoongi stood up from his chair, motioning for the other two males to be silent as he continued speaking.  “So you think I’m handsome, huh?”  He walked Hoseok towards the other two and turned him around, lifting his shirt a bit so reveal the wire the younger as wearing.  “Should I tell you a little secret then, pretty boy?” “Mh…I’d love to…hear it…”Jungkook took out a pair of cutters and looked at his boss who signalled for him to go on. He grabbed Hoseok by the neck, lightly, but with enough pressure to make the younger’s breath, hopefully achieving what he wanted.   “I don’t like being snitched on by little boys.”With that Jungkook cut the wire, making sure that the device had no connection towards the mic anymore before nodding. Yoongi let go of Hoseok who freed himself from the mic and the wires before handing them t the younger. He smiled.  “Thank you…I really…didn’t know what to do…”  “You did well, Hoseokkie. But this is far from over.” “What?” “They will look for you, wanting to know what happened. They’ll want to collect you as…evidence…” Jungkook said, eyeing the device in his hands. “Alright, we’ll have to act right now. Hoseok, you’re living with me from now on.” “They know where your apartment is, right? They’ll probably search top to bottom until they find something. You can’t go back there” Namjoon added.  “But we’re…neighbours?”  Yoongi grinned slightly at him.  “That’s not the only apartment I own. I change regularly, precautious measures.” He turned serious once more, looking at the other people in the room.  “You be careful too. We don’t know if they’re watching the building, make sure you’re not seen. Jungkook, get rid of that thing.”Yoongi grabbed his jacket and put it on, stretching a bit.  “Namjoon, do me a favour and get Holly from my flat. Get a list from Hoseok with the most important things in there. Bring them to number five by ten, do you understand?”  “Sure.”“Come on, Hoseok, let’s get you home.” The ride to the new apartment was silent. Hoseok played with Yoongi’s free hand while the older drove them to their destination. Yoongi was still on edge, kind of pissed about the dirty tricks his rivals were playing. He’d promised to protect Hoseok but the realization that his beloved could be in serious danger hit him harder than he’d expected. The younger seemed to feel the tension, stroking his thumb over the older’s cold hand.  Once they arrived Yoongi turned off the engine but stayed in his seat, pondering over whether he should say something or not. Hoseok, however, beat him to it.“I’m safe, Yoongi. You helped me. Nothing bad happened…” “But it could. They’ll come looking for you and I don’t know if I’m capable of fighting them on my own…”  “I will be safe” Hoseok grabbed the older’s right hand “I know it. We will figure something out and sooner or later all of this will die down.”  Yoongi sighed heavily, guilt taking place in his heart. He should be the one comforting Hoseok not the other way around. He reciprocated the light squeeze of the younger before smiling slightly at him.“Let’s go upstairs, shall we?” Yoongi couldn’t help but grin at Hoseok’s reaction s they entered the flat. It was much bigger than the other one and the atmosphere was a different one as well.  The former apartment had a nice sense of warmth, with earthy, bright colours that brought a warm feeling whenever you’d enter. This one, on the other hand, had a chic ambient; something Yoongi had forgotten existed in his life. Monochrome colours, a lot of black; going back almost felt like he’d travelled through time as well.“This is…so different…I didn’t think you were this kind of person…” “You mean?”  “Look around” Hoseok turned to look at him “and tell me that this isn’t the complete opposite of the other flat.”  Yoongi chuckled, taking off his jacket and hanging it neatly.  “This is actually the first apartment I lived in on my own, before taking over the company. I was obsessed with being cool and grown-up and I remember being really proud of my home…”  The older let his hand graze the leather of his couch, a sense of nostalgia filling him. He could see himself, his younger self, sitting right there, thousands of papers around him, each one filled with songs he’d never write, lyrics he’d never rap. The blonde felt his chest tightening at the memories; he missed it and he would do anything if only he could go back.Yoongi jumped when he felt Hoseok’s arms around him.  “What are you thinking, hm?”  “The past…although there’s not much use in that, is it? Can’t turn back time now...” “I mean you can try” The older turned around in Hoseok’s arms and nuzzled his nose into the younger’s chest, sighing in content before shaking his head.“Things won’t go back to the way they were, no matter how badly I want them to…”  “Mh…they won’t” Hoseok combed through his hair “but that doesn’t mean that it’s impossible for you to get something back. You’re missing something and no matter how hard it is I will help you to get it back. You’re not alone anymore, Yoongi…”The was so much the older wanted to say, so many questions he had but his words failed him like any other time. He chose silence, opting to push himself closer to Hoseok as the younger silently held him.  From this moment on things would change, both of them could feel it, a sense of dread making itself at home. This whole thing was far from over and Yoongi had a feeling that it would only get worse from now on. He just hoped that, this time, everyone would get out alive and well. 



Twelve
Chapter Summary
Arrangements



Hoseok settled on the bed while listening to the water streaming out of the shower. The flat was nice and felt cosy despite the rather cold interior. The young male had already decided to change a few things here and there, his mind painting beautiful pictures until gruesome reality turned everything a deep crimson and Hoseok had to shake himself awake from his own thoughts.  Hearing the door bell ring he got up, passing through the living room and revealing a wet Namjoon standing in front of the door. He held up a black bag, set another one down and greeted Hoseok.“Here, that’s all I hope…” “Thank you, I really appreciate it…” “No biggie”The air between them was awkward. Hoseok wasn’t sure what to say and Namjoon seemed uncomfortable to even look at the male. The tall blonde cleared his throat and shifted from side to side.  “Hoseok I…need you to do me a favour” “Uh…sure, what do you need?”  “The guy I’m with, Seokjin, he’s your boss, right?” “Y-yeah” “Yoongi can’t know about that, you understand? If he hears of that he’ll think I’m betraying him and…you know…”  Namjoon scratched the back of his head.  “I promise I won’t tell them that you’re here or that you’re alive or…Just trust me, I won’t. But you need to promise that you won’t tell Yoongi.”  “I-I won’t but…don’t you think that he should know?” “I just…want to wait and see if it could be something serious” “And then?” “If it’s serious, I’ll tell him on my own. Just…pretend you didn’t see me that day, please?” Hoseok nodded and smiled.  “I never saw anything. Thanks again for bringing my stuff. Oh and” Hoseok handed the blonde an umbrella “here. Can’t risk a cold, can you?”Namjoon smiled, said his goodbyes and left. Hoseok closed the door behind him and opened the smaller bag where Holly was peacefully sleeping inside. He smiled, deciding to let the small dog be and took the bag into the bedroom where Yoongi was already waiting for him, sitting on the bed in his underwear.  “Someone there?” “Namjoon brought my things. I gave him the umbrella from the hallway. It’s pouring outside…”  “Mh…sure thing”  Yoongi’s words were slurred and when the younger turned around he couldn’t hold back his grin. The older male was about to doze off completely, eyes falling shut heavily and head dropping down. Hoseok walked over, tucking the older in and kissing his forehead affectionately. Yoongi grumbled.  “You’re not coming?” “I’m going to take a shower and then I’ll be right there, okay?”  “Whatever, just hurry…” “You got it.”With the water falling down onto his body Hoseok finally found some time to reflect.  What the fuck had happened?  How did someone like him, an ordinary student who wouldn’t be able to afford a living without the help of his father, end up in a mess like this? His boss was hunting him down, his lover, whatever, was one of the most dangerous criminals in the country and his best friend was dangerously close to being murdered because he couldn’t keep it in his pants.Great, just great.Hoseok turned off the water and sighed. He’d have to call his father first thing tomorrow and tell him that he’d moved. He couldn’t go back there, what a shame. He really liked the flat.  Putting on a fresh pair of underwear and a shirt Hoseok left the bathroom, nearly stumbling over a ball of fur and falling to his death. He sighed, shaking his head as he picked Holly up.  “Are you trying to murder me? Jealous that your dad spends a lot of time with me as well?”The dog only licked his nose in response and Hoseok chuckled.  “Don’t worry. He still loves you more than anything, that won’t change.” “Hoseok…” Yoongi’s slurred voice made the younger grin even more.  “Come on, let’s join him and get some sleep.” “You’ll have to stay here for a few…days or weeks…depending on how stubborn they are…”  “So I can’t go out?” “I’m sorry. It’s for your safety. Jungkook got you a new phone and number, most of your contacts are on there. Jimin already told your studio everything they need to know and talked to the head of your University as well. Everything has been put on hold for now until we can be sure that the situation has died down.”  Hoseok nodded, an uncomfortable feeling settling in his stomach.  “What about…” “Any contact to anyone could end up in a disaster, we can’t risk that” Jimin said, looking at the male with apologetic eyes.“But what about my family? About my father is…is he in danger too? I need to talk to him, please…” Hoseok looked at Yoongi with pleading eyes, his emotions getting the best of him. He needed to make sure that his father was alright, nothing else mattered to him. Yoongi softened his gaze and cupped his cheek.  “I’ll make sure he’s safe, trust me, alright? We’ll arrange something. For now, this is how it has to be, I’m sorry, Hoseok…”  The younger nodded, smiling a little to hide the fear in his eyes, the worry that had his throat in its clasp. This whole situation was absurd to the point where Hoseok was just waiting to wake up and look at the ceiling of his flat, Yoongi peacefully sleeping in his arms and Holly dozing at his feet. Was he overreacting?  Probably.  But his mind was already painting the worst scenarios in his head, vivid and clear and the young male felt dizzy and breathless. Yoongi’s hand on his cheek wandered to the back of his head, pulling him into an embrace that gently lowered him back to the ground. He circled his arms around the older, breathing in his familiar scent and feeling his heart slowing down.  Yoongi combed through his hair, sighing quietly.  “That’s all for now. I’ll stay with him for a while. If anything important comes up, call me. Namjoon, you’re in charge for now.”  “You got it.” “Anything we can do?” Jimin’s voice seeped with worry.“Stick to what we’ve planned for now, you know what to do. We’ll talk about the rest later.”  After a little while Hoseok heard the front door opening and closing, signalling that everyone had left. He looked up at Yoongi, a soft smile greeting him.“Hoseok, don’t cry…” “Huh…?”  The older wiped away some of the tears which had escaped the younger’s eyes without him realizing it. Hoseok gulped.  “I’m…overreacting, am I not?” “A little. But, to be fair, I don’t think that most people would react differently. Jimin nearly pissed his pants the first time something went wrong.”The younger laughed lightly, pulling the blonde even closer and nuzzling his face into his shirt.  “Besides” the smaller male continued to comb through his hair “I’m here. You’re not alone. And I will do anything to keep you safe, including everything that’s important to you, I promise.”  “You need to keep yourself safe then…”The older cupped his chin and made him look up into two eyes that promised him the world. Hoseok smiled, pulling him down and sealing their lips together, all worries forgotten for a little while.  Just for a little while, he thought, he could pretend that everything was fine.  That nothing had changed.  That it was just him and Yoongi and nobody else in the world.Just for a little while.



Thirteen
Chapter Summary
Confessions
Chapter Notes
id you'd like a suggestions i listened to 'please be naked' by The1975, fits pretty well with the mood

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Soft touches across hot skin.  Yoongi had to admit; it felt strange. Never had someone been this gentle, never had he felt the need to go slow and soft with anybody before. But Hoseok had switched something on deep inside of him, melting his coat of ice and taunting him out of his shell. Every breath felt like the first, every wave of heat a thousand times more intense than the one before.Yoongi felt vulnerable. But in the same heartbeat he felt like he was losing himself, Hoseok’s touch was there to catch him and remind him that he was safe.He hoped the younger felt it too.Their clothes long forgotten on the bedroom floor, leaving the two in nothing but their underwear as their hands, once more, explored each other. However, this time there was no rush, no burning need and blinding lust. There was something else, something much deeper; something the smaller male had been missing. He held onto the younger’s shoulders, breathing already heavy which earned him a light chuckle.“I didn’t even do anything, are you okay?” “Y-yeah I’m…”  Yoongi looked into his eyes, hoping that the younger would understand his question. He received a smile and a quick kiss in return.  “It feels…different, doesn’t it?”  Hoseok’s hands smoothed down the older’s torso like he was trying to memorize every single detail and the blonde felt himself flush a bright red. They were a little rough but it felt just right on his skin, the hairs on his arms sticking up.  “It does…”  Yoongi let his hands wander; from the younger’s shoulders down his arms, back up and down his chest. His light hands were an amazing contrast on Hoseok’s lightly darker shade and he couldn’t believe how perfect the man above him was. His beautiful skin, his body, his smile that made very nerve inside of Yoongi explode; Hoseok was the personification of perfection and beauty.“Yoongi…” the younger grabbed his hand lightly, kissing the tips of his fingers “You’re shaking…”  “I…”  The younger nosed at his neck, biting down softly and sucking on the delicate skin, earning a light groan. The blonde tried his best to keep his voice going, the words practically choking him.  “H-Hoseok…I…”  He could already feel the bruises forming under his skin; marks which showed that he belonged to Hoseok and nobody else. But not only his body had been marked and he needed to let the younger know; he just had to.“Hoseok look at me…”  Yoongi was breathless, even more so when Hoseok finally did look up, eyes full of adoration and an emotion the older was sure was mirrored by his own. He cupped his face, studying it and carving every detail into his mind so he’d never forget it.  “Yes?”  The blonde was aware that Hoseok knew what he wanted to say but understood the need for hearing it coming out of his mouth. He smiled, never so sure about anything in the world, never this much at ease with himself and the moment.“I love you…”Time didn’t stop like they say in the movies. There were no fireworks going off in the distance. The only thing between the two males was the strongest emotion a human could feel.  And as Hoseok’s smile grew, so did Yoongi’s heart.“I love you too.”The kiss they shared was a tell-tale of all the things they wanted to say but couldn’t find the right words for. Their touches filled with much more need; need to feel the other even closer, to never let go.  Hoseok was gentle like always, but even more this time, opening Yoongi up and touching him in all the places he knew would make the older go completely insane. A symphony of ragged breathing and choked moans until the blonde couldn’t stand it any longer, yanking Hoseok closer and breathing into his ear.“I need you…now…please Hoseok…”The younger seemed to be at his limit too, just giving a quick nod before grabbing the needed protection and preparing himself. He sat up for a moment and looked at Yoongi intensely, making the older turn a bright red, looking anywhere but his face in a flustered state. Hoseok chuckled.  “I never told you, did I?” “What…?” “That I think you’re absolutely beautiful…”  The shade of red on Yoongi’s face deepened even more as he hid his face behind his arms.  “Hoseok…” “I’m serious. You’re…god you’re perfect. Your body is…fucking beautiful…your skin…you….everything about you is pure art…”  “Look who’s talking, the fucking artwork itself…”  They both chuckled, eyes connecting once more and sharing a moment filled with warmth as their confessions sank in. Hoseok leaned down and kissed Yoongi softly, the older snaking his arms around his neck, pulling him closer. He sighed softly as the younger entered him in a gentle motion, careful not to hurt him or go too fast.  Their rhythm was slow; they had all the time in the world, savouring the feeling of each other and the oncoming bliss. Hoseok only sped up his motions when Yoongi begged him to, tears brimming at the corners of his eyes because he couldn’t handle it; he needed Hoseok but at the same time he didn’t want this moment to end. It felt like so much more than he’d ever experienced and he held onto the younger’s form like he’d disappear any second.“Come on, let go for me…I’m right…here…”Yoongi reached his high with a low moan of Hoseok’s name, his nails digging into the younger’s shoulders, triggering his high as well.  The afterglow was heavy, Hoseok cleaning both of them up and falling right back into bed. He pulled Yoongi closer and the older nestled into his side, a feeling of completion filling him.  “It feels nice…doesn’t it?” “Mh…?” “Love…I…feel like this was something special...I don’t know…”  “You fucking sap…” Yoongi chuckled, shaking his head slightly but he knew Hoseok understood that he felt the same way when the younger tightened his grip around him, a satisfied sigh leaving him.“I’ll keep you safe, Hoseok…I promise…”  “Mh…keep yourself safe too, alright? I need you…please…”  Yoongi looked up at Hoseok, his vision already blurring a little but he managed the best smile he could. The younger leaned down slightly and captured his lips softly, sealing and unspoken promise.It was only a matter of seconds before both of them fell asleep, their minds at peace for a little while and their hearts recovering from their restless state.  The world around them kept on spinning but for a small amount of time that was alright.For a small amount of time it felt like only the two of them existed in this world without any worry or care.



Chapter End Notes
despite the finals being thrown at my face i managed do finish somethingi have so many ideas in my head right now but i really want this to keep going...


Fourteen
Chapter Summary
There's an end in sight.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Four weeks.  It had been four weeks since Hoseok had seen another human being besides Yoongi, Namjoon and Jimin. The latter had stopped by every now and then to keep the male company since Yoongi had to return to work. At first it hadn’t been too bad; he’d enjoyed the time he had for himself, using the opportunity of the blonde male’s home studio to work on his own stuff.  However, after the third week, Hoseok slowly started to feel uneasy and found himself in an almost restless state of mind.“You’re going crazy, aren’t you?” Jimin placed a cup of tea in front of the older male before settling down with his own. Hoseok sighed and nodded, leaning back and combing a hand through his hair.  “I need to get back on track. My body’s going insane since I can’t go back to the studio and dance. I don’t even remember the last time I talked to another person…” “It’s been quite some time, but Yoongi thinks it’s still too early for you to be going out again…”  “I think he’s the crazy one here…” “He just wants to protect you, you know that. But I get where you’re coming from. If you want me to, I can ask him for a different solution?”  “Thank you…but I think I’ll do that myself. Let’s change the topic; how’s Tae?”Hoseok had complained about missing his friend once and after a lot of confirmation the two had realized that Jimin was actually the Jimin Taehyung had been seeing. The younger had been a little flustered at first but had agreed fairly quick to look out for Hoseok’s friend while he was gone; to make sure nothing was going to happen to him.  He missed Taehyung to no end, but there was no way he could contact him; Taehyung was still working at the company and still had the hots for Seokjin and although he didn’t want to think of his best friend like that Hoseok wasn’t sure if he wasn’t going to accidentally spill. His heart ached at the thought that he might never see him again.  Jimin, obviously sensing Hoseok’s discomfort, put a hand on his shoulder, smiling kindly.  “He’s fine, Hoseok. Taehyung told me about his friend that went missing, that he’d tried to contact him but to no avail. He misses you just as much as you miss him.”  “That doesn’t make it easier…” “I know. But there’s nothing we can do. I’m sure, though, that you will see each other again.”Hoseok smiled at the young boy and nodded.  Jimin had something warm about him, always a kind smile on that beautiful face which was probably the definition of youth. Hoseok sometimes envied his looks; his almost cat-like eyes that would crinkle up with every smile, the puffy cheeks and cute nose which made his face handsome but adorable at the same time. The aura the younger ad around him was one of comfort and reassurance and Hoseok had settled with himself that he definitely never wanted to see Jimin angry.It would be the scariest thing and he’d probably shit his pants.“On less depressing matters; you and Jungkook, eh?” “Excuse me?”  Jimin choked on his gulp of tea, his ears turning a light red.  “Namjoon says he noticed the way you two look at each other. Something I wanna know?” “There’s nothing, really. We hardly talk, Jungkook’s not a guy of words I guess.” “He’s shy?”  “Wouldn’t say that…” “I would be if it was you, to be honest. Don’t tell Yoongi though.”  Jimin gaped at him as his whole face turned red causing Hoseok to laugh and pat the younger’s back kindly. Taking another sip of his tea the older sighed in delight.  “I think there’s a lot more going on than you know. Open up, try to talk to him.” “I hardly know him…”  “That’s what talking is for, isn’t it?”The front door opened, signalling Yoongi’s arrival and Jimin’s time to leave. Once the younger was gone the blonde practically collapsed into Hoseok arms.  “Rough day?” “I’m tired…” “Too tired to talk?”  “With you? Never. Just let me go get changed and take a shower, alright?” “Sure thing.”While fixing some light dinner Hoseok thought about how he should approach Yoongi with his wishes. He wasn’t scared of him, he just knew that, especially when he was tired, Yoongi was sensitive and could snap easily. The wrong words would lead to absolute chaos.  He jumped a little when he felt two arms resting around his torso but couldn’t fight the smile on his lips.  “Almost done. You wanna watch a movie?” “Mh…movie or show, anything’s fine with me. You wanted to talk? Did I do something bad?”  “No, no. It’s just” Hoseok sighed “I feel like I’m going insane. Don’t get me wrong, I love the time I have to work on music and the opportunities you hand to me but…I need to go out. I need to be with other people again. This…this is harder than I thought, really…”There was a short silence between the two of them and Hoseok almost feared the worst. His body relaxed a little, however, when Yoongi only cuddled closer to his back, a low grunt of approval leaving his throat.  “Was wondering when you would ask…” “You’re not mad?”  “Hoseok, you’re the complete opposite of me. I knew that, at some point, you’d feel uncomfortable not going out and doing what you wanted to. I’ve been thinking of a few options but…you think you can hold off one more week? I promise that everything will go back to being as normal as possible…”The younger turned off the stove, releasing himself from Yoongi’s arms to grab two plates. He smiled slightly, his heart content with his lover’s answer as he nodded.  “I know you’re one to keep your promises so sure, why not. What’s a week more or less?”  “Thank you, babe…” “I think I have to thank you. Make yourself comfortable, I’ll bring you your food alright?”  Yoongi kissed his cheek, the warmth spreading through his whole body and making his heart swell with love and satisfaction. Sure, going out and seeing other people was nice, but at the end of the day it seemed like all he needed was Yoongi to come home to. A week went by much slower than Hoseok had hoped but he said nothing, keeping his smile at all times because he knew that Yoongi would keep his promise.  It was a rainy Saturday afternoon and Hoseok was sitting in the living room, finishing another episode of Riverdale when the front door opened and Yoongi entered, a smile on his face. Hoseok greeted him from the couch with a lazy wave, earning a disapproving grunt.  “I don’t even get a real welcoming? Wow, I’m hurt.” “Don’t be a pussy, Yoongi” Hoseok chuckled and then laughed as he saw the acted hurt on his lover’s face. Yoongi clutched his chest, gasping lightly.  “How could you…be so rude…ah, my heart.” “You mean your non-existent black one?” “Touché.”  The older plopped down onto the couch next to him and sighed lightly, closing his eyes for a few seconds before the popped back up.   “Mh, Hoseok. Remember my promise?” “Sure I do…”  “I’ve made a few arrangements here and there. Jimin found a studio that out of Kim’s district. You’ll need to finish your studies online, though. We’ll need to change your hair and clothes a little and you’ll have to wear a facemask at some points but just pretend you’re a celebrity or something. You okay with that?”  “Y-yeah, of course. As long as I can finally walk around again…” “Good. Two more things. Next week you and I are going to another battle and you’re going to participate. No is not an answer. And then-“Before Yoongi could end his sentence Hoseok’s phone rang, a sound the younger hadn’t heard in forever since every just came over like that and nobody else had his number. He looked at the blonde, unsure of what to do but Yoongi just smiled at him.  “You should probably pick that up.”Sensing that Yoongi knew what was going on Hoseok didn’t hesitate before answering the call.  “Hello?”“Hoseok, my son, is that you?”His father’s voice suddenly caused his act to shatter, all strength and confidence leaving his body as tears welled up in his eyes.  “Dad? Are you healthy? I everything alright?”  “I should ask you, what have you gotten yourself into, son? I haven’t heard from you in so long and suddenly I have three men in suits in front of my house telling me I wasn’t allowed to contact you. Hoseok, you are healthy, right?”  “O-of course I am…it’s just…there’s a lot going on and I…I’m sorry for not calling or…anything I…I couldn’t I was so scared something would happen I…”  “Don’t cry, son. They told me. This man, Yoongi, he promised me that he would protect you and I believe him. But please, please be careful. These people are dangerous. Stay with him and watch out for yourself. Promise me that, son.” “I-I will…you too. Please, please stay safe and well.” “Don’t worry, I will be fine. Son, I’m incredibly proud of you, never forget that.”  “I love you, dad…” “I love you too, Hoseok. I need to go now, promise me to call regularly, tell me how you’re holding up, alright?” “I will…goodbye…”Hoseok ended the call and looked at Yoongi, his brain unable to form coherent sentences. The older smiled, wiping away a few tears with his thumb and caressing his cheek.  “Yoongi…” “We moved him. There are people constantly looking out for him and making sure he’s fine, just in case. I promised, didn’t I?”  The younger fell into his arms, sobbing loudly and letting everything go. Yoongi said nothing, opting for stroking his back and letting the younger cry.This was a new beginning. But not all beginnings have happy continuations.   



Chapter End Notes
it's rather boring but consider this a filler?


Fifteen
Chapter Summary
A little fun before all hell breaks lose
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Blood. So much blood everywhere. Yoongi’s eyes showed no sign of empathy or remorse, fat too used to the thick red liquid oozing down skin and dripping onto the floor. The body tied to the chair was writhing in pain, unable to move freely, restraints cutting into skin and leaving deep red marks.  Pleading eyes looked at the blonde, an expression which was answered with a cold stare.“We had an agreement” he eyed the surgeon knife in his hands “and you had nothing better to do than breaking the one rule we had agreed on, huh?”  “P-please, I swear! I did nothing I-“ “I’m really not in the mood for this so stop begging or you’ll make it worse.”The male in front of him grimaced and tried to keep still, but Yoongi knew what panic did to the human body. His legs were already shaking, his teeth clattering and it could only be seconds before he would break down and tell Yoongi anything he wanted to know.  And as if he’d heard Yoongi’s thoughts the guy’s breath hitched and he once more cast his eyes upwards.  “What do you want from me? I’ll give you anything! Just please…” “Who are you working for?”  “I work for Woo Ji-“ A harsh slap cut him off, nearly sending him and the chair he was sitting on flying across the room. Yoongi grabbed his jaw harshly, looking him dead in the eye.“I’m not asking for your flimsy leader. I’m asking who you’re working for. You, your leader, your whole gang. Who fucking sent you here?” “I-I don’t know his name he n-never showed himself!”  He screamed when Yoongi’s knife met his thigh, missing an artery by only millimetres. The blonde knew that he was at a breaking point and that he needed to act quickly before he’d panic completely.  “Then who gave you that mission?” “S-some guy with…d-dark brown hair! He l-looked really young…b-but his voice was really deep! He didn’t give a name either but I-I’m sure I could identify him if y-you’d let me l-live…”Yoongi looked at him, smiling kindly and patting his cheek.  “Nice try, but no can do. I’m not a mercy type.”  His knife found its way into the guy’s stomach, causing him to scream and gurgle, blood oozing out of the wound without stopping. The blonde lifted himself up, stretching a little.  “Namjoon, you know what to do. And clean this mess after you’re done.” “Will do, boss.”“B-boss…? You’re..Suga…? Ha! You look like a fucking girl! No way you’re the most dangerous guy in this country, fuck no! You’re kidding right?! Hey! Hey come back I’m not do-“ Yoongi closed the heavy iron door behind him, efficiently cutting off the guy’s obnoxious blabbering. He sighed, taking a good look at himself before grabbing his coat to hide the dark red spots covering his shirt. Wiping his face he grimaced a little.“Fucking got everywhere...disgusting…” Stripping off his coat Yoongi was greeted by Holly barking happily at him. He smiled, ruffling the dog’s fur.  “Sorry baby, I’d hate to get you dirty with this mess…” “Yoongi you’re ho-“  Hoseok stopped mid-sentence and took a good look at his boyfriend. His expression changed from confused to disgusted to worried in 0.5 seconds. “T-this…is that blood? Oh god, are you okay? Did something happen?”  “Hoseok, calm down, it’s not mine.” “That’s supposed to make me feel better, right?”  Yoongi chuckled, kissing Hoseok’s cheek before moving towards the bathroom. He stripped off his dress shirt and tossed it onto the ground, realizing that he’d ruined another one and reminding himself to stop wearing white shirts to work.  Stepping into the shower he allowed his muscles to relax und the mildly-hot stream, closing his eyes for a little while before resuming in cleaning the rest of the day off of himself. When he was done he grabbed a towel and wrapped it around his waist just in time with the door opening and a concerned Hoseok eyeing him.“You’re really okay?”  Yoongi sighed and did a little twirl to show him that he had no injuries.  “See? I’m fine. It wasn’t mine. He just annoyed me, that’s all.” “So much that you made him bleed, huh? Remind me to never make you angry, babe.” “As if I could ever hurt you…”After he’d changed and enjoyed a light dinner with Hoseok the two got themselves ready to head out for their night. The younger was nervous, Yoongi could sense it so, as soon as they’d left their apartment, he grabbed his hand and squeezed lightly, earning a satisfied sigh from his boyfriend.  “You’ll do good. I want you to give it your all out there, you need this.”  “I know. I prepared accordingly, I bet you’ll be surprised.” “I know I will be.”As they entered the club and Hoseok handed in his track it felt like the whole club had its eyes on the two of them. It made Yoongi remember who he was, pride and arrogance welling up inside his body but he decided to push it down. This night was for Hoseok to let go of his worries and thoughts; not for him to bathe in his fame like he usually did.  Searching for a more secluded spot they settled down, getting a few drinks and just enjoying the atmosphere while waiting for Hoseok’s turn.Yoongi took a look at his boyfriend, running a hand through his freshly dyed light pink hair, little strands of purple shining through here and there. He liked it, a lot actually, and was glad that Hoseok seemed to share his opinion. It wasn’t fair though, having to hide such a beautiful face behind a mask; even if it was for his safety. As the two heard Hoseok’s name being called Yoongi eyed him, his eyes reflecting the grin on his face.“Fuck ‘em up, J-Hope.”“Will do, babe.”They shared another look before Hoseok went down to join the others, the atmosphere growing tense. He never went first, Yoongi had noticed, always observing the others before going out and destroying everything. The blonde felt proud as he studied his boyfriend’s expression; blank and unreadable, just like his very own.  As his turn finally came up Yoongi was unable to hide the grin spreading across his face. Hoseok was livid, all his frustration and rage breaking out of him and for a moment the blonde felt slightly guilty; he’d been the one responsible for this mess the younger had been involved in.  ‘But if stuff like this is the result it might not have been that bad…’“He’s really good…” a deep voice next to him said but as Yoongi turned around he stared into such a young face he wasn’t sure if that was the guy that had talked to him.  “I knew he liked music but I didn’t know that he was this good wow…”  “Fucking hell, your voice is something different.”The guy grinned widely at him.  “I’m guessing thank you?” “So you know Ho-J-Hope?”  “Mh, he’s a friend. I haven’t seen him in quite some time though, glad he’s fine.” “Are you Taehyung?”  The boy blinked a little before nodding and Yoongi chuckled lightly, shaking his head. Hoseok hadn’t lied about his friend at all; he was a god damn surprise. A baby face with a voice so deep you’d never  get out once you’ve fallen in. The blonde had to admit that he was a little intrigued by the boy.  “Yeah, how do you know?” “Let’s say Hoseok and I are close and he’s told me a little about you.”The two conversed for a little while before Hoseok joined them, panting a little but visibly happy about his performance. His face froze, however, one he saw who was standing next to Yoongi.  “U-uhm…” “There you are, babe. You were great. Sit down, come on.”  “Do you think this is a good idea…?”  Taehyung pouted.  “Really? Out of all the people in this world you chose not to trust me? I’m offended.” “You’re still working for that guy and I cannot risk-“ “Calm down, Hoseok, it’s okay. Believe me. He’s here on his own and he said he wouldn’t tell anyone.”Yoongi knew how to convince people, especially Hoseok and a single look was enough to make the younger crack. The blonde smiled as the two boys hugged each other tightly, the longing for the other perfectly clear. It was cute, he had to admit.Leaving the club behind after a few drinks and a lot of talking Yoongi had grown fond of Taehyung. The younger boy had something fresh about him, something he hadn’t been around for quite some time.  “I’m gonna say goodbye to Tae, okay?” “Mh, but hurry. I’m tired I just want to go home..,” “Be right back!”  Hoseok sent him a dazzling smile before catching his friend’s sleeve to say goodbye.Yoongi looked at them fondly, happy that his boyfriend was finally smiling again. His moment, however, was destroyed by his phone and the unknown caller ID it showed. His gaze darkened.  “Who is this?”“You have something that belongs to me. I have something that belongs to him. Give him back and admit to what you’ve done and everything will be fine.”  “How did you get this number?”  “Make you choice, but make it quick.”The guy hung up on him before Yoongi could utter another word and the blonde was suddenly pissed beyond belief. What the fuck was going on?  If this was another one of Namjoon’s games he’d have his fucking head.  As his phone rang another time he didn’t even bother to look at the caller ID.“What the fuck is going on?!”  “Boss…there’s a problem.”“Daehyun I swear to god if you’re testing me-“ “We’ve been knocked out, boss. And he’s gone.”“What do you mean He’s gone?”“Mr. Jung. He’s just…gone. All four of us just woke up and his room is empty! We don’t know what happened we just-“Yoongi hung up, his blood boiling with rage. His eyes wandered to where Hoseok was still laughing with Taehyung and his heart suddenly broke into a million pieces. How was he supposed to tell him that his father had gone missing under his watch?  Hoseok looked up and met his eyes with a smile but all Yoongi could do is try his best not to run away and hide for the rest of his life. For him, one of the worst situations had become real.And this time, he had no idea where to even begin fixing it.



Chapter End Notes
I tried writing violence??


Sixteen
Chapter Summary
Prepare for the worst
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Hoseok knew something was wrong the moment he joined Yoongi to walk home. The older was hardly looking at him, his behaviour almost awkward as if he’d seen something he shouldn’t have. The younger began to replay the night in his head, wondering if he’d said or done something that had made the blonde feel uncomfortable, however, he couldn’t think of anything.  Up until now Yoongi had been in quite a good mood, chatting with Taehyung over a few things and even embarrassing Hoseok a little.But then what had happened?The younger decided to wait until they got home, his heart pounding faster and louder with every minute that passed in silence.  Once he’d closed the door behind him Hoseok opened his mouth to ask what the hell was wrong. However, Yoongi beat him to it.“Hoseok…something happened…”The way he said it made the younger’s stomach churn. Yoongi had never spoken like this; apologetic, guilty, hurt. Hoseok hoped that he was joking.  “Tell me about it. Don’t just…keep it to yourself, that’s not good…” “My problem is…I don’t know how to tell you without…upsetting you I…”  The older male looked at him, his eyes full of apology.  “I…I promised you that you would be safe, that everyone else would be safe but I…they…he’s gone, Hoseok. They took him away and I couldn’t do anything…”  “Who…is gone?” “Your father. They took him away, we don’t know how or where to he just…disappeared…” For a moment, time stood still.  Hoseok felt his brain splitting into two; one side wanting him to yell at Yoongi, to cry, to accuse him of lying. He’d promised to keep his father safe, he’d promised that everything would be alright. If he couldn’t do that hen how the hell would he be able to keep Hoseok safe?  How did he know that he wouldn’t just get rid of him once he grew tired of this relationship?How did he know Yoongi hadn’t set all of this up just to make him disappear once and for all?The other side, however, reminded him of who he was talking to.  Yoongi hadn’t lied to him once during the entirety of them being together. He had always been honest, no matter how gruesome the reality he had been describing was. He’d told Hoseok he loved him, showed him he loved him; he’d let the younger in to see every little thing about himself, opening up about his fears, his hopes, his dream.  This man was probably the last person to ever hurt him.This was not his fault. “Yoongi…”  Hoseok blinked himself out of his thoughts when he noticed the older man shaking. He sighed, shaking his head and taking a step towards him, cupping his cheek.  “Don’t you dare fucking cry. Where is my gang leader? The guy who almost threatened a bartender because he looked at me a little too long? The guy who almost chopped off Namjoon’s hand because he tapped my butt? The guy who makes me feel safe every day of my life, despite me being chased?”  The younger looked into his eyes, his expression turning serious.  “This is not on you. I…I’m scared what will happen to him, but I know that we will figure it out, I know that you will figure I out. I trust you, I’ve said it before and I will not take it back just because something went wrong.”“Hoseok, your father is gone. We have no idea where he is and I-“ “Will do anything to find him and resolve the situation, I know that. I will not leave you, if that’s what you’re thinking. I’m not like that. I love you, Yoongi. And no matter the outcome that will not change.”  “You sound like you’re prepared for the worst…” The blonde sniffed, burying his face in Hoseok’s neck and the younger smiled slightly, holding him close.  “Not to sound mean, but I’ve been prepared for the worst ever since you told me about your…profession.”  “Can’t really blame you…”“So what are we going to do?”  The two of them were lying on the couch, Hoseok combing through Yoongi’s hair while the older just enjoyed their closeness.  “I got a call but Jungkook couldn’t trace it. He’s keeping an eye on any incoming messages and calls. I can’t reach Namjoon, Jimin said he’s been gone for quite some time, that’s a bit worrying as well…”  “Yoongi, about Namjoon…he’s…” “Dating your boss? Oh, I know, don’t worry.”Hoseok blinked and looked at the older in utter confusion.  “How-“ “Please, I’m not stupid. Plus, the bedroom isn’t that far away from the front door and Namjoon’s voice tends to be a little loud.”  “But he’s…like not…” “He’s fine. I trust him, I know I can. Namjoon wouldn’t do something stupid, he knows the consequences and he knows that he wouldn’t be able to hide from me either. Besides, we’ve been through way too much shit together. And it’s not like he could’ve known who that man is. I decided to ignore his little…fling or whatever so that I’m allowed to kill that fucker if I need to.”Hoseok thought of the last part as strange but before he could ask the older shuffled closer, making him forget about any questions. He put his arms around the blonde, sighing and closing his eyes.They’d find a way, he was sure of it. The next day Yoongi took him back to the company, mumbling something along the lines of meeting and important. His head was still swimming, the week crashing down little by little but Hoseok tried his best not to get distracted.  Once they reached the top floor Jimin greeted them with his usual smile, a tiny glint of sadness visible as he looked at Hoseok.  “Good to see you, they’re already waiting.” “Thank you Jimin.”Yoongi didn’t ask who ‘they’ were so Hoseok decided not to either. He’d know in time.  The blonde opened the door to his office, letting Hoseok in and suddenly way too many eyes were on him.  A group of men, a lot of them, stared right at Hoseok; not in an intimidating way, but in an intimidating way.  The young male gulped and tried to stay calm, the tension in his body lifting a bit when one of them gave him a kind smile, teeth showing a little.“Yoongi, good to see you. I’m guessing he’s why we’re all here?”  The man took a few steps towards Hoseok, extending his hand.  “Hi, I’m Yongguk. No need to be scared, we only look scary, we’re harmless. Most of the time.”  Hoseok shook his hand, smiling a little as well as another male stepped forward, grinning at him.“He cute, you went and got yourself a good one, huh? I’m Jackson, nice to meet you.”  “Back…at you. But if I…why are you here?”  “Now you’re asking the right question” Another male said, plopping down on one of the chairs in Yoongi’s office. Said man had already taken his place behind his desk, face turning serious.  “They’re here to help us with the…current situation.”  “Wait a minute you’re all…” “Whoops.”  Jackson grinned at him, putting an arm around his shoulders.  “Don’t worry, like he said, we’re harmless. We usually keep out of the whole fight that’s been going on lately, too much of a hassle, you know.”  “But then…why do something now?”Yongguk turned to look at him with a serious look on his face.  “They broke the rules and we’re not too happy about that. To keep it short, they exist to keep a certain peace between us. We have our territories and never trespass with malicious intentions.” “You could say we’re all friends here”  A few of them laughed.  “However, the most important rules are that if you get into a fight you’re not supposed to involve civilians or you enemy’s family unless they’re directly involved in the situation.”  “If they do that” a different guy, probably over two metres tall, threw in “they risk an all out.”“All out?’“Even our fathers followed these rules. The last time someone broke them…well”  “It ended in a damn bloodbath” Yoongi ended Yongguk’s sentence. Hoseok looked at his boyfriend, still a little confused.  “But then why are you here?”  “They took your father, didn’t they?” Jackson asked “He’s a civilian. Plus, you’re family, to grumpy at least. They broke two rules at once, that’s low.”  “They’ve been getting on our nerves anyway” two metre-guy went in again “especially Woo Jiho and his guys. They’ve been sneaking around and causing trouble, it’s annoying and I’d really like to do something about them.”“Jooheon and his guys are joining in as well, they’re just a bit…busy at the moment.”  “The Minhyuk situation, I get it” Yoongi nodded then he looked at Hoseok.  “We’ll manage this, don’t worry.”  “Yeah, you’re safe with us, lil’ guy” Jackson laughed and ruffled his hair. Hoseok grinned and tried to get out of his grip, even laughing a little. His mind however had settled and sorted out the situation. They’d broken the rules, taken his father and involved himself. These other gangs would come after them and nobody could tell how this whole thing would turn out.This, this meant war.And nobody knew if they’d get out of it alive.



Chapter End Notes
Let the fucking killing spree begin.


Seventeen
Chapter Summary
A little history
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Yoongi was shaking, anxiety flowing through his body.
Namjoon was still missing, Yongguk and his group had come back with nothing but injuries and threats and he was so desperate to find a solution for all of this, a friendly one, and end this war before it started to get out of hand.
To his surprise, Hoseok seemed to be much calmer than he was, going about his day like nothing had happened. He went to work, had lunch, met up with Taehyung once in a while and seemed to be doing well and it drove the older male insane. While his mind was nearly exploding trying to resolve the whole situation without upsetting anyone the young male didn’t seem t have a care in the world.If he was being honest, Yoongi felt jealous.Sitting at his desk at home he took in a deep breath when the front door opened, signalling Hoseok’s return. Holly barked happily, greeting his second owner.
“Yoongi, I’m home!” “Work room…”
After a few seconds Hoseok appeared at the door, crossing his arms over his chest and smiling.
“Have you eaten yet? Knowing you I’m guessing no?” “Had not time…came home and had to keep working…”
“Honestly, Yoongi” the younger came closer, putting his hands on the blonde’s shoulders “You’re hurting yourself like this. Take a break. I know this is serious and I know that you want this to be over but you need to watch out for yourself as well. Nobody will be mad if you take an hour or two to calm down.”
Yoongi leaned back, enjoying the younger’s attention and closing his eyes. Hoseok’s presence made him feel at ease, as if the world was free from any harm for a moment.“How do you do it…” “Mh?”
“You’re so…calm about this whole thing while I feel like the world is about to end. I’m so scared that something might go wrong, that we’re not fast enough, that something might happen to you…”
Hoseok turned his chair and kneeled down, looking up at his boyfriend with a calm smile.
“I’ve just…accepted the possibility of not seeing my father again, that he might be dead already…”
“Hoseok-“ “Listen to me. None of us have this under control and you shouldn’t try. We’re dealing with something we can’t predict and we just need to accept that. We can only prepare ourselves that much and the rest is…well…”
The younger took his hands and kissed each knuckle tenderly.“We might not survive, I’m just trying to make the best out of it. So I do what I love and spend time with the people I love the most. Which means I want to spend a lot of time with you as well.”
He lay his head on the blonde’s knee and looked up at him.
“So I’m going to make you something to eat and after that I’m going fuck you against the kitchen counter, how about it?”
Yoongi grinned, combing through the younger’s hair.“Sounds lovely to me.”  “So far there have been no demands. Actually, they haven’t said anything.”
“Give him back and admit to what you’ve done…how the fuck are you supposed to do that without any direction or hint…”
Jackson sighed as he leaned back in his seat, shaking his head in disappointment.
“I still can’t believe that they would sink this low. Not to be mean but why are you this important to them anyway?”
“I don’t know” Hoseok sighed “Maybe I’ve seen something or heard something I shouldn’t have…”
“You’ve seen his face, it’s enough” Yoongi sighed, looking through a few papers “Mr. Kim would like to remain a mystery and therefore needs to get rid of anything that could threaten to solve this mystery. We’re not that different, after all…”
“You would never go against the rules knowingly, that’s a huge difference already” Youngjae said, crossing his legs on the floor “This is just…too far. The poor man has nothing to do with any of this, neither does Hoseok. This just goes against everything we’ve agreed on!”
“Calm down” Jackson put a hand on his head “getting angry is not the solution. Yongguk and his group are out to look for clues, so are Jooheon and the guys. I’m sure they’ll find something.”
“And if not-“ “And if not we’ll just have to wait. We didn’t start this damn war and we will not actively participate in it either.”“Uhm…if I may ask” Hoseok raised his hand like a little boy in school “but…how did you even manage to set rules like that? Usually when it comes to…gangs and stuff…isn’t it more fighting and less talking?”
They all nodded and grinned a little until Yugyeom, another guy from Jackson’s group, spoke up.“The fathers of our fathers were already in this business. They were friends and tried to work together, but soon realized that their interests as well as their goals were just too different. Instead of fighting, however they decided to split up into different groups, each group taking over a part of this city and the country. The rules were set to ensure peace to a certain degree since they never intended to hurt anyone, especially not outsiders.”
“You said that they were broken once…?” “This all started with eight groups” Jackson sat up straight and sighed a little “There was us, the Min group, B.A.P, which is Yongguk’s gang, Jooheon and his X-Clan, the Kim group, Woo Jiho’s B-Clan, Elysium, Pentagon and a group called NCT. We’re only seven now.”
“Why…” “Pentagon were good, but too young. They wanted everything to be their own and didn’t care for boundaries. They were, let’s say, dissolved.”
“A shame, really” Yugyeom sighed “however, their families were left alone and they’re living normal lives now. That’s how it should be.”
“I see…then what about the other groups, Elysium and NCT? Are they…” “You’re asking on which side they are?”“As far as NCT is concerned” Yoongi stretched a little “they’re a mostly neutral group. However, we’ve been in touch lately and if we’re lucky they might join us. Regarding Elysium…” Yoongi’s expression suddenly fell a little “they’re a fucking mystery. Nobody knows where they sit or what they’re up to.”
“Six guys, that’s all we know. They keep themselves covered completely, it’s fucking creepy” Jackson sighed “but since Kim disregarded the rules, I’m sure they will either keep out of this whole thing or join up with us. Right now we can only sit and wait.” Sit and wait; that was exactly what Yoongi didn’t want to do. Maybe he could hide it very well but his insides were boiling, anxious to jump into action and finally solve this problem. But there was nothing he could do.
Deep in thought he nearly jumped when the intercom signalled a message from Jimin.
“What is it?” “They’re back with someone, boss.” “Bring them in then.”The door opened revealing Yongguk and his guys carrying someone in and Yoongi’s heart nearly fell out. That face, no doubt about it. However, Hoseok beat him to saying anything.“Tae! Oh my god, are you alright?!” He was one of them and now everyone knew. Yoongi never made exceptions. Never.



Chapter End Notes
I'm powering through this even if nobody's waiting for it ahaha


Eighteen
Chapter Summary
Not everything is what it seems to be
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“Tae, I’m so glad you’re alright I thought something had happened, you didn’t answer my calls…” “Well these guys happened so…not nothing I guess.”  “What should we do with him, boss?” Youngjae asked looking at Yongguk, however, Yoongi beat him to the answer.  “You let him go first, how about that. The boy is harmless, no need to treat him like a damn criminal.”Yongguk’s group looked at him for a while before Youngjae let Taehyung go and stepped back a little. Said boy rubbed his arm a little before smiling at Yoongi.  “Thanks. Now, why am I here? Did I upset someone or…” “You’re working for Kim. He’s got one of us and we want him back. You’re going to help us.”  “No need to be so harsh, it seems like this boy is no stranger?” Yongguk shot Hoseok a look. The male sighed and nodded.  “He’s my friend.” “Hobi what’s going on, they’ve got who?”  “My father, Tae. They’ve got my father and we…I just…is he safe, do you know anything?” Taehyung looked at his friend with wide eyes shaking his head and blinking. Seemingly taken aback he searched the other faces in the room as if to find some sort of joke.“I don’t…know anything why would Jin do that? He’s not…like that I don’t…I don’t understand…” “We guess it’s because Hoseok knows who he is and has seen his face. He must’ve found out that he’s pretty much alive and well somehow” Yoongi leaned back in his chair “we’ve been threatened as well and one of my men is missing.”  “What has that got to do with me though? He doesn’t tell me anything, I’m not even high enough to do more than bring him his coffee!”  “So he’s useless?” Jongup said, standing up and stretching “Great. Do you want to take care of him or should we?”  “W-what?” “What should we do with him?” “Maybe he’ll talk if we show him his insides, huh?”  “H-hold up I really-“ “We’re not going to do anything to him, you’ll leave him alone, you hear me?”  “What’s with your rule of not sparing anyone?”Yoongi’s eyes suddenly turned dark as he focused on Himchan who had posed the question and the room’s temperature dropped by at least ten degrees. Hoseok was shivering, scared that Yoongi might lash out and he really didn’t want to see that.  “I won’t spare anyone who betrays me but this boy hasn’t done anything. He merely works for the guy we’re after.”  “But we don’t know-“ “You want to go ahead and break the rules as well?!”The room was silent, tension so thick out could cut through it with a kitchen knife. Hoseok looked at his boyfriend, ready to calm him down. However, Yoongi sat back down, breathing in deeply and closing his eyes.  “You will leave this boy alone. He could be useful to us. If I find out he was hurt in any kind of way I will make sure that the rest of your life will be a damn personal hell, do you understand me?”  “Why should we-“ “I said” Yoongi’s eyes were ice cold, showing no room for sympathy or protest “do you understand?”  “We do” Yongguk went in, obviously sensing the tension in the room “Don’t worry, nothing will happen to him, we’ll make sure.”  “Good.”  “Jesus fucking Christ…” Daehyun mumbled, looking at Hoseok with a hint of fear in his eyes “he’s fucking scary how do you live with that guy?”  “This is the first time I’ve seen him like this, too…” Hoseok kept his gaze on his boyfriend for the rest of the afternoon, carefully eyeing his actions and facial expressions. He had been aware that, in order to fulfil his job the right way, Yoongi would needed to have a high level of apathy. However, the look in his eyes was something so much colder than anything Hoseok had ever seen or felt and he began to wonder, silently of course, which side of Yoongi was the façade and which was the true him.Maybe he didn’t know his boyfriend that well after all. “Has Taehyung said anything to you yet?”  Yoongi was taking off his jacket, hanging it neatly on the door before undoing the buttons of his dress shirt. Hoseok, who had been spacing out for some time, jolted up, clearing his throat and nodding.  “Y-yeah, he sent me a text that he was home and safe. Do you…do you really think it’s a good idea to pull him into this as well?”  “Not really, but” Yoongi rid himself off the shirt, stretching a little and rubbing the back of his neck “this might sound bad but he was already a part of it the moment he agreed to work for Kim. Besides, for now it’s our only possibility to gather information directly from the source. Kim might tell him something that could be useful to us.”  Hoseok only nodded, spacing out once more. He didn’t want his friend to be in danger but Yoongi was right; working for Jin meant danger anyway. On top of that, there was no way Taehyung would give up without a fight, he knew that. But still, Hoseok couldn’t help but be worried for his friend.  He jumped a little when he felt Yoongi’s slightly colder hand on his cheek, tilting his head up to meet his worried gaze.“That’s not all, is it?”  Hoseok gulped, searching his boyfriend’s eyes for the ice he’d seen earlier that day. However, he couldn’t find it; all he could see was love and adoration and maybe a little sleepiness. He shook his head, leaning into the older’s touch before pulling him close, causing the blonde to land on his lap perfectly.  “It’s just…I’ve seen a different side of you today…kind of scared me shitless, to be honest.”  “Such language” “I’ve learned from the best”  Yoongi chuckled, nuzzling his face into the crook of Hoseok’s neck.  “I’m sorry if I scared you. Seems like that’s the only way to get my point across the room…”  “You were pretty adamant about them not hurting Tae…”  “He’s your friend. You’ve already given up enough and lost much more as well. Taehyung doesn’t have to be an unnecessary casualty to their boredom. Besides, I kind of like him, the kid’s cute.”“Yoongi?” “Mh?” “Thank you…”  “Don’t get used to it, being nice doesn’t fit me too well.” “I think I need to disagree with you on that…”  The two locked eyes, unspoken words being exchanged as they leaned in. However, before their lips could touch Hoseok’s phone went off, blasting Taehyung’s signature ringtone. The younger sighed, grabbing the device and taking the call.  “T-tae, what’s up?”  His voice cracked a little when Yoongi decided to nip at his collar bone, the older smiling mischievously.  “I’m sorry, is this a bad time or…?” “D-depends. What do you need?”  “The guy your boyfriend’s missing? He’s here, Jin is as well. He says he’s got nothing to do with your father’s disappearance. Hoseok I…I don’t think it was him…”  Hoseok’s eyes widened and Yoongi’s head perked up, having heard every single word.  “But then who was it…?”  “Could you two come over here?” A voice Hoseok recognized as the one belonging to his former boss’s spoke “I mean no harm and would like to resolve this situation before it gets way out of hand. I will send Namjoon to take you. You can take as many of your men as you like with you just, please, let us talk eye to eye.”Hoseok looked at Yoongi, unsure of what to say. The blonde, too, seemed to be stuck in some sort of turmoil. This could be a trap, a plan to get rid of Hoseok and Suga all at once.  However, before Hoseok could ask him the blonde took his phone out of his hands, clearing his throat.  “Alright, Kim, let’s see what your face has got to offer. But we’re doing it my way, understood? If you dare to move your pinkie the wrong way I will personally see to your end.”  Seokjin mumbled something else on the other end of the line, causing Yoongi to chuckle before ending the call and looking at the younger.“Call Jungkook and Jimin. I’m sorry to interrupt their night off but I will need them.”Hoseok nodded, waiting for the older to climb out of his lap before grabbing his phone and searching for Jimin’s contact, his fingers shaking violently. Something about this whole situation was completely absurd and he didn’t know whether to laugh or cry at the fact that Seokjin probably had nothing to do with his father’s disappearance.  However, the uneasy feeling of having to start from zero once more pushed him into a corner and his throat constricted as he felt himself drifting further away from the solution.  By the time Jimin had answered the call Hoseok was already crying, explaining the situation before asking him to come over with Jungkook so they could plan how to approach Seokjin the right way.And even as Yoongi put his arms around him Hoseok couldn’t calm himself down. He wished Seokjin had been the once to take his father away from him because he had a tiny sliver of hope that that man would not be able to harm an innocent old man.  However, for all he knew, his father could already be dead and although he’d said he had accepted it – he hadn’t.He was scared.And he knew he’d never forgive himself if his father did not return home safely from this.



Chapter End Notes
Finally got some free time on my hand since finals are HERE and I don't have to go to school anymore hehe I don't really know where this is headed so let's see what my mind comes up with next. Thank you for reading until now and for all the comments I've been receiving, it means a lot and makes me feel like there are people out there who actually enjoy what the hell I come up with


Eighteen-Two
Chapter Summary
A different perspective.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Jimin had been looking forward to his first night off in months. No research, no lookouts, nothing that he had to do and he felt relaxed as he reached his work space, taking off his coat and making some coffee as he heard the elevator doors opening once more. Expecting his boss he prepared another cup to fill when he heard a low groan, one that did not belong to Yoongi. Jimin raised an eyebrow, turning and meeting eyes with Jungkook, the younger stretching and looking dead tired.“You’re here early for you standards.”  Jimin giggled a little at the younger’s sour expression, proceeding to pour his coffee and handing the other mug to him. Jungkook snarled.  “Unlike other people I actually have a job that keeps me awake sometimes” ‘What, you think I sleep regularly and enough? Knowing you, you probably wasted your time playing video games and forgot the time once more.”  Jimin knew he had won once he saw the younger shift slightly, a habit of his when he knew he had no chance to argue. The older shook his head, taking a sip of his coffee and sighing as the warmth of it ran through his whole body. Once he opened his eyes he was met, once more, with Jungkook’s eyes, albeit much closer than they’d been before.  “What about you, huh? I don’t believe you for once second that work kept you up all night”  “Well, unlike you, Jungkook, I’m a responsible adult who takes his job seriously and is fucking scared of his boss since, in case you haven’t noticed, he kills people if they breathe in the wrong direction.”Jungkook laughed, shuffling even closer and caging Jimin against the counter, the older showing no sign of surprise or any emotion at that; this wasn’t a first, in fact Jungkook’s sudden moments of boldness had caused their relationship to evolve into whatever it was at the moment. And the smaller male had to admit that he’d grown to like the younger’s attitude.  “I call bullshit” Jungkook drew out, breathing against Jimin’s ear hotly “you know what I think you’ve been doing all night, Jiminnie?”  “Show some respect, will you?” “Oh? Should I? How would you like it, mh?”  Their gazes met, pupils a little wider than they should be as their faces grew closer, lips only millimetres apart. However, before they could meet the two males were interrupted by shouting from the lobby, a sigh escaping both of them as Jungkook grabbed his mug and straightened himself, clearly displeased. Jimin giggled, grabbing the younger’s collar and dragging him down, leaving a chaste kiss on his lips.  “Cheer up, buttercup. You’ll get your chance, promise.”With that the small male went back to his place, noticing Jackson who greeted him with a grin. “Jimin! Good to see you, looking tired as always…doesn’t Suga give you any days off?”  “Work never sleeps and neither do I” he said, smiling kindly “boss isn’t here though, yet, you’ll have to wait a little.”  “No problem at all. But seriously, when was the last time you had a day to yourself?”  Jimin sat down and took another sip of his mug, blinking in deep thought.  “I don’t know…two years ago, maybe? But I’m fine with that, really. As long as I know that everyone is safe and that I’m doing a good job I’m fine with working this much.”  “You’re really something else…a shame that I wasn’t there, I would’ve definitely reeled you in for my gang” Jackson shot him another grin and Jimin couldn’t help but giggle. He liked him a lot, probably the most out of all the groups which cooperated with Yoongi. Jackson and his gang were kind and fun to be around and the small male couldn’t help the grin that spread across his face every time they came by.He took another sip of coffee when the elevator opened once more and Yoongi stepped out with Hoseok by his side. He greeted his boss and shot Hoseok a welcoming smile before continuing with the work he’d left last night.  He only had about a fifth left to do when Jungkook sat down beside him, eyeing his screen and sipping his second coffee.  “What are you doing?” “Report. And you’re not helping. Don’t you have some stuff to do?”  “Not really, plus I’m bored, Jiminnie…” “Go and annoy someone else, maybe the boss. See if you’ll get away with that.” “You’re not being really nice, you know?” “How can I be nice to someone when-“  Jimin stopped mid sentence when the door to Yoongi’s office opened and said man exited, walking towards them and the small male checked five times if he hadn’t turned on the intercom by accident.  “Jimin, the report you’ve finished on the guy who worked with Woo, would you mind creating another copy for Jackson?”  “Of course, right on. Anything else you need?”  Jimin eyed his boss because, usually, he wouldn’t see him all day until he’d leave his office to head home, their only communication happening through the intercom. This was new and this was weird and Jimin had learned not to trust moments like these, however-“Yeah, once you’re finished here I want you to take tonight and tomorrow off. You’ve been working a lot and hard and deserve that at least. You’re the last person I need to collapse, especially now.”  “T-thank…you, boss?”  Yoongi shot him a smile before heading back into his office and closing the door behind him. Jimin stared at the closed door for at least three minutes before Jungkook shook him out of his daze.  “You okay?” “I think the boss is dying or something…” “Why?”  “Because” he pointed at the closed door “that just happened. Something is up, I can smell it, I don’t trust this.”  “Hey” Jungkook grabbed his chin and made the older look at him “maybe he just wants to be nice for once. You’re a hard worker and he wants to acknowledge that. Be happy that you got a day off. Plus, Hoseok made him soft, you know that, I know that, the boss knows that. Enjoy it before he changes his mind.”Jimin nodded and sighed, smiling slightly at the thought of spending some time off of work with a crappy movie, some wine and- “How about you come over tonight? I could make dinner for us?” “Park Jimin, are you asking me out?”  “I promised you would get your chance, didn’t I?”  The two males grinned at each other before Jimin continued to rush through his work, eager to get home and relax for the first time in forever. The atmosphere was nice; just the two of them, a few candles flickering here and there, a crappy romance-movie running on the back and Jimin on Jungkook’s lap, kissing him like he didn’t need anything else to fulfil his calling. The younger grabbed at his hips, desperately trying to pull the smaller man above him even closer. The two of them only parted for air, looking at each other with want in their eyes.  “You want to continue in my bedroom?”  Jungkook grinned and nodded, picking the older up and making his way over to his bedroom, the tension and heat between them rising by the second as they-Jimin nearly jumped to the ceiling when he heard his phone go off, the ringtone immediately telling him that his boss was calling. Jungkook sighed in annoyance and let him down to grab his phone.  “H-hello? Boss, do you need anything?”  “Jimin it’s me, sorry am I…interrupting?” “Hoseok! N-no, what do you need?”  “Yoongi wants you and Jungkook to come here we…we’re preparing to meet Mr. Kim…could you call him and let him know?”  Jimin looked at the younger, feeling a blush creeping up his neck.  “O-of course. We’ll be there as soon as we can!” “Thank you and…Jimin?”  “Yes?” “I’m sorry that your night off is being ruined by this…” “Don’t worry about it, Hoseok”As he put down the phone he stared into Jungkook’s disappointed eyes.  “I guess today really isn’t the day, huh?” “I’m sorry. But I promised and I will keep that!” The younger smiled at him, lightly kissing the older’s pout before straightening himself up and heading for the living room.  “Let put out the candles and head out, I don’t think we want to keep your boss waiting.”“Jungkook…?” “Yeah?” “You’re not mad, are you?” Jimin heard the younger chuckle before the TV went silent and he heard Jungkook blowing out the candles. He then joined him, pulling him close and hugging him to his chest.  “I can’t say I’m too pleased with this but…I know who you’re working for and kind of expected this to go wrong?” “Jungkook…” “But I also know that you’re someone who keeps their promises and I’ve waited long enough, a few more days won’t kill me.”  Jimin smiled, relaxing in the younger’s hold a little before pulling away.  “You’re pretty adult-y for your age.” “Wait until you see the rest of me.”  “Gross.” “You still like me though!”



Chapter End Notes
Tbh I'm kind of stuck with the main story and I thought this is better than not uploading  at all. Besides, I was planning on doing little 'sub-chapters' to give a little more light to the other characters' stories so yeah have this. I'll try to upload something every weekend from now on, trying to be consistent and all that.


Nineteen
Chapter Summary
It's not like that.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“Don’t you have a job you have to return to?”  Seokjin traced mindless patterns on Namjoon’s bare chest, enjoying the moment the two of them had. The other smiled, kissing the older’s head before closing his eyes.  “Maybe…but I don’t think they miss me all too much. Besides, if the boss really needed me he’d get a hold of me somehow.”  “Is he that good?” “If you knew.”  Both of them chuckled lightly, enjoying the relaxed atmosphere and Namjoon sighed quietly once more, his thoughts suddenly anything but relaxed. He hadn’t talked to Yoongi in days, surely the male would be anything but friendly if he didn’t do that anytime soon. However, before Namjoon could even think of grabbing his phone someone knocked on the door on Seokjin’s small apartment, making both men jump a little. The older looked at him before putting on a shirt and heading for the door and Namjoon listened intently, ready to fight anyone who came through that door but-“Taehyung it’s you. What’s the matter, you look like you’ve seen a ghost…come on in.”Namjoon slid out of bed and put on some pants, joining his boyfriend and the young man who were standing in the hallway. Truly, the boy looked a little pale and was shaking, not out of fear, he noticed, but out of anger.  “J-Jin I…I have to ask you something…” “That’s why you came all the way here? It surely can wait until tomorrow, right? Go home and get some rest, you don’t lo-“ “Why did you take Hoseokkie’s father?”  Namjoon blinked and looked at the two before rushing away to grab his phone. Five missed calls, two from Yoongi, three from Jimin. Clearly, he hadn’t been right about his boss.“Wait a minute I did…what?” “Hoseokkie’s father is gone and…they said you took him because you want him back! Do you really want to hurt him? Did you hurt his father? Please tell me that’s not true…Jin…”  The older sighed, putting both hands on the other’s shoulders and looking into his eyes, trying to sound as sincere as he could because the things Taehyung had just said to him didn’t make sense to him, not in the slightest.  “Tae, calm down first. I don’t know…I have no idea what you’re talking about, please believe me. I wouldn’t do anything to Hoseok or his father, for all I knew until now he’s been missing. He’s fine right? That rat Suga didn’t do anything to him?”  “He’s…he’s fine but…if you didn’t do it then who…?”  “What’s the situation exactly?” Namjoon decided to step in, sensing that the two males were a little too tense to think clear at that moment. Taehyung sighed before telling the two of them everything he knew, everything Hoseok and the others had told him; he decided to keep the relationship between Yoongi and Hoseok a secret for now, however. Seokjin and Namjoon listened attentively, their brains already working on different possibilities and solutions.“It could’ve been Suga himself, you know? As a form of pressure so Hoseok cannot leave…”  “I don’t…think he’d do that.” Taehyung shook his head. ‘Suga’ may have been famous for his ice-cold behaviour and merciless nature. However, the man he’d met, Yoongi, he was a kind and warm soul and would never do anything to hurt Hoseok. He looked at his friend with so much love in his eyes it almost made the young male a little dizzy. The thought that he was the one behind all of this was impossible.  “I’d have to agree. Suga may be a cold-hearted businessman but he’s very strict when it comes to the rules. He wouldn’t hurt an outsider like Hoseok’s father, he’s not that stupid, far from it.”  Seokjin took a good look at Namjoon, suspicion growing in his heart but he kept it to himself as he nodded, deciding to interrogate the tall blonde later. His mind was racing with thoughts of who could’ve been stupid enough to break one of the most important rules they’d established so long ago. Whoever they were, their grandparents weird turning in their graves.  “And you have nothing? No hints, no demands, nothing?”  “Y-ah, Suga said he only received one phone call but without any demands or instructions. I don’t know if they kept anything to themselves but I think so…I mean…” “It’s alright, Tae. You’ve done enough, thank you.”  Seokjin nodded and smiled slightly at him and the younger male blushed lightly, scratching the back of his neck and clearing his throat.“You got an idea already?”  “I guess there’s no other way. Tae, I’d like you to call Hoseok and tell him that I want to meet Suga to clear this situation.” “Seokjin-“ “It’s not that I want to. But if word gets around that our group has decided to disregard the rules all hell will break loose and that will be the end for us. The easiest way to deal with this is an eye to eye talk so he knows I’m not lying. “  “So you’ll show him your face to ultimately prove that you’re being sincere?” Namjoon cocked an eyebrow, feeling his hand beginning to sweat.  “On top of that, I’m tired of this ice that is between us. My grandfather was a friend of his, I don’t see why we have to fight until one of us lies in his own blood.”  “So you want to get rid of the complete situation, not just this one.” “We’ll see where this goes. Taehyung, would you do that for me?”  “O-of course! I’ll call him right away!”As the younger hurriedly dialled Hoseok’s number Namjoon bit his lip nervously. He had to say something, otherwise this could end up far worse than he’d wanted to.  “Jin I gotta…” “You work for Suga, don’t you?”  The blonde gulped before nodding and sighing heavily.  “Look I…I didn’t want to tell you because-“ “If you think I’m mad because you’re working for him, you’re wrong” Seokjin didn’t even spare him a glance “I’m mad because you don’t seem to trust me enough. We all have secrets, I have mine too, but you seem to have a lot of little ones you’re intentionally hiding from me.” “Jin I-“ “We’ll talk later.”“The guy your boyfriend’s missing? He’s here, Jin is as well. He says he’s got nothing to do with your father’s disappearance. Hoseok I…I don’t think it was him…”  Seokjin put a hand on Taehyung’s shoulder before taking the device from the younger male’s hand.  “Could you two come over here? I mean no harm and would like to resolve this situation before it gets way out of hand. I will send Namjoon to take you. You can take as many of you men as you like with you just, please, let us talk eye to eye.” Seokjin’s request was met with silence on the other line and for a moment he thought Hoseok might’ve hung up on him. That is until he heard shuffling and a different voice, a little deeper and gruffer, spoke to him.  “Alright, Kim, let’s see what your face has got to offer. But we’re doing it my way, understood? If you dare to move your pinkie the wrong way I will personally see to your end.”  “You just need to be extra, don’t you…”  The words were mumbled, so quiet that he was sure the other male didn’t hear them before he hung up and gave the phone back to Taehyung.  “I’ll put on some clothes first, you should too, Namjoon.”  “And then…?” “We wait for Suga’s extravagant ass to tell us what to do.”    



Chapter End Notes
I said I would try to upload every weekend but I had a final this week and panicked lmao I'm sorry


Twenty
Chapter Summary
It's over.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“And you’re sure it’s a good idea to meet up with Kim?”  Hoseok’s voice was a little anxious as he followed Yoongi through the night. They’d agreed to a meeting on neutral grounds, Jimin, Jungkook and a few others agreeing to stay in the shadows to make sure everything went well. The older male reached into his pocket, metal cold to touch and his heart settled a little. He did his best to remain calm and indifferent so that Hoseok wouldn’t freak out more than he already was.  His insides, however, were turning upside down. For some reason he was anxious to finally meet Kim face to face, he himself had no idea why. The gun in his pocket gave him a little reassurance, a 'Plan B' if you’d like.  “Do we have any other choice? He says he didn’t do it, we should give hm a chance to explain everything and get himself out of this before it gets really ugly.” “You’re awfully nice…” “I just really want to see who I’ve been dealing with for the past couple years, if he’s really the asshole everyone says he is.” “Namjoon likes him-“ “Namjoon is being blinded by his dick, as usual. Can’t trust him when he’s got the hots for someone. We’re here.”  “Yoongi…”Hoseok grabbed his hand lightly, stopping in his tracks and making the older look at him.  “Please…don’t be reckless. I know you’re smarter than that but…please…” “Hoseok?”  “You’re being weird about this whole thing and I just…I don’t want you to do anything…careless. Please don’t take this the wrong way…”  The older sighed, cupping his cheek and kissing his lips lightly.  “Don’t worry. You’re with me, I can’t risk something happening to you.” An old, abandoned warehouse on Yongguk’s side of the city. The older male had gladly offered to help Yoongi out, Kim’s identity had been a well kept secret, after all. It had its perks for him as well.  It felt like the air got colder the closer the two of them got and Yoongi felt Hoseok’s hand squeezing his own, shaking with anxiety.  They noticed Taehyung standing outside of a door, smiling lightly at them; a week attempt to ease the mood.  “Hey you two. They’re waiting inside, come on.”  With that he opened the door and held it, motioning for the two of them to get inside. Once they did two heads turned towards their direction.  Yoongi noticed the uneasiness in Namjoon’s eyes but decided to ignore it, his gaze wandering to the male next to him. A scoff left his lips and the other male frowned.  “What’s wrong, Suga? Expected somebody else?”“I didn’t think you were such a pretty boy, Kim.” He scoffed, shaking his head but keeping a kind smile that Yoongi would categorize as fucking creepy.  “I expected someone much tougher with a voice like that. I guess we’re both surprised, then.”  Yoongi remained silent, eyeing Kim with so much suspicion one might think he’d betrayed his home country. The two remained like that for a moment before the other sighed heavily.  “I guess you’re not a man of many words, let me get straight to the point then. I have not, nor would I ever, hurt or taken Hoseok’s father. The last thing I knew was that Hoseok went missing. His flat was empty and nobody had heard of him. We decided to leave it at that, he’d been affiliated with us so everything had gone according to the rules. There was nothing we could’ve done.”  Yoongi felt Hoseok tense next to him and he understood. Hearing how cold-blooded Kim himself was after he’d treated Hoseok with nothing but kindness; it would make anyone dizzy how two-sided this man was.  “And I assure you that-“ “If you’re just going to repeat everything you’ve I’ve heard from you already why did you decide to waste my time by meeting up with you?”The blonde had to keep himself from grinning as his cold front visibly threw Kim off guard. He caught himself, however, and cleared his throat.  “I would like to offer my help. We may have known each other for a short time, but I’ve grown quite fond of Hoseok. Besides, the rules were broken and I see it as my duty to right what’s been wrong alongside everyone else.”  “What do you gain from helping?” “I knew you’d react like that, a business man through and through.”  “Kim don’t waste any more of my time, you’ll regret it.”  “Alright, alright. I would like for us to let go of this…feud between us. Our grandparents used to be good friends and I don’t know what came between our families to result in this kind of relationship. I’m not a man for confrontation so here I am, offering you my apology for anything that might have angered you and my hand to resolve this once and for all.”Yoongi kept his gaze on the male, searching for some sort of insincerity but he couldn’t find it. So either, Kim was really good at lying or he really meant what he’d said. He let his shoulders fall, getting rid of his tense aura and nodding.  “I’m not going to be your friend but I’ve got nothing against you. If you want to resolve this, fine by me.”  Kim smiled at him and nodded, visibly relieved from some of the tension in his body.  “Have you got an idea who it might’ve been? And who else is involved in this?”  “Practically everyone has decided to join up” Hoseok went in for the first time, probably thinking that taking part in the conversation might relieve some of the tension in the hall. “Everyone but two; you and Woo’s group. Come to think of it…”Yoongi’s ears suddenly perked up and his gaze darkened. He looked around the room, shoving Hoseok in one direction.  “Kim, I assume you’ve got a gun with you and I hope you fucking know how to use it. Hoseok, go hide with Taehyung, now.”  “W-what? Yoongi I-“ “I said hide! Now!”The doors suddenly burst open and the unbearable sounds of guns being fired filled the air around them. Yoongi ducked just in time a bullet rushing just above his head as he bit his lip. The one time he decides to risk something it just had to go wrong. He made a mental note to apologize to Hoseok; the younger had warned him and expressed his worries thoroughly.  He raised himself quickly pointing his gun at one of the men across from him and shooting two times, ducking once more when, suddenly, he heard someone scream. Panic began to claw at his nerves at he looked across the room to spot Hoseok covering his ears behind a crate not that far from him.So he was alright, good.He left his spot once more, shooting another man who fell to the ground, Kim taking care of the last three alongside Namjoon.  For a moment everything was dead silent and Yoongi could’ve sworn he’d heard Kim’s heartbeat when another shout of pain ripped through the hall. But if Kim and Namjoon were okay as well-“Tae!”Yoongi saw Hoseok rush across the hall in panic. Putting his gun away he made haste to follow him, spotting the younger leaning over his friend, blood creeping across the floor underneath the two of them. The blonde grit his teeth, anger rushing through his veins and he watched the scene.  “D-don’t…don’t die, please…oh god you’re bleeding…you’re…Yoongi please do something!”  “H-Hobi…it hurts…so much…” “I know we’re…we’re going to fix this…we’re…Tae, stay with me, okay?”  “I’m so cold…Hobi…I’m scared…”  Hoseok cried out, shaking his head as if he wanted to deny Taehyung’s pain and his friend’s words. This wasn’t happening, it couldn’t be. “I-I’m here, you’ll be fine…you…just need to hold on a little longer please…”  “I can’t…it hurts so much I just…I…” “Tae? Tae! No…no you can’t do this! You can’t take him away from me, please! Tae, open your eyes! Please…”Hoseok broke down above his friend’s lifeless body, holding onto it as if trying to keep his fading soul inside, to keep him from slipping away. But he knew, so did Yoongi and so did the other two who regarded the scene silently; all of them knew that there was nothing left to do.  The blonde felt his heart pound with rage.This was it. The final straw which had blown away any of his boundaries. They wanted a war? He’d give it to them.The time of mercy was over.



Chapter End Notes
Have another one as an apology for not uploading lmao This didn't turn out the way I wanted it to but I'll finish it anyway so I hope it's not too bad and that everyone who's reading still enjoys it.


Twenty One
Chapter Summary
He just wasn't who he seemed to be
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“On to our main story. The police are investigating a shooting which occurred last night at the east side of the city. Witnesses claim that they heard guns firing around a quarter to one in the morning and alarmed the police immediately. Five of the six victims found at the location seemed to be members of one of the city’s underground groups while the sixth casualty turned out to be 21-year old Kim Taehyung, an employee at a business branch owned by the Kims. The CEO hasn’t given any statement as to why his employee was found dead among the others. The police are treating it as a deal gone wrong and are-“Hoseok shut the TV off and curled back into the couch. His heart was heavy and filled with regret. Regret for what? He didn’t know himself but his best friend was dead and he couldn’t help but let the guilt consume him.  Seokjin had said that the police would refrain from further investigation because of the circumstances so none of them had anything to fear. But this wasn’t right. People got shot right in front of his eyes and the police wouldn’t do a thing. Just how powerful were the people Hoseok was trusting and how frightened was the general public, how frightened were the higher ups?It was the first time the young male questioned his surroundings, even his own boyfriend. Yoongi had reassured him that everything was fine, that he didn’t have to worry. But he could have died in Taehyung’s place and Yoongi wouldn’t have been able to do anything, not matter how much he’d want to protect him. Something had to happen or Hoseok was sure he would be next.“How are you feeling?”  Yoongi’s voice from the doorway startled him and the young male hardly found the power to lift himself up into a sitting position at face his lover. The blonde had an expression of worry on his face, holding a white plastic bag and leaning against the door frame. Hoseok sighed, rubbing his eyes and yawning.  “I don’t know…I actually don’t feel all that much…it’s weird…” “It’s normal, you’re trying to cope I guess…we all are.” Yoongi’s movements were careful as he sat down next to him, resting the bag on the coffee table.  “I got you some food and sweets, I hope there’s something in there you like.”Hoseok nodded his thanks but didn’t move. He didn’t feel like eating or doing anything at all. He felt like his being had left his body, leaving only the empty shell behind to remain in a cold world. The blonde seemed to notice as he carefully put a hand on the younger’s knee, searching for his eyes. “Hoseok…?” “Just…why am I not...feeling anything? I thought I would…freak out and be angry at least but…there’s nothing. I’m just…empty…”  “You’re grieving differently, it’s alright, it’s normal, you’re alright.” “But Tae isn’t! He isn’t. He’s dead because he got dragged into this whole thing, because of me and I…he just wanted to help, he wasn’t supposed to die…”  “Hoseok stop it, this is not your fault.” “But I-“ “No, look at me.”Yoongi forced Hoseok to look at him, a serious expression on his face.  “It’s not your fault, trust me. Yes, Taehyung is dead but did you shoot him? Did he die while he was trying to protect you? I know you’re thinking that meeting me, Seokjin and the others caused this to happen but…Hoseok, there’s a lot of stuff you don’t know, even about Taehyung. This happened and it’s not your fault, don’t think like that. You were pulled into this, not him.”  Hoseok looked at his boyfriend, a look of disbelief on his face as he shook his head.  “What are you saying…”  “I had a talk with Seokjin this morning regarding the matter. He said that he was under the impression that Taehyung might not have been who he said he was. He had someone watching him for a couple of months now but until this point there was no way of proving that something was up. Namjoon confirmed this and I had Jungkook check the whole thing.”  “For months? But that means-“ “Kim knew where you were from the moment the two of you were meeting again. If he’d wanted to silence you he could’ve done so a long time ago. He let Jimin and Jungkook check everything they needed to; he didn’t do it.”  The younger leaned back and closed his eyes. His head was spinning and he felt a little like throwing up. He breathed in deeply, gulping down the urge to free his stomach’s contents; nothing that was.  “So we’re back to zero with this whole thing…?” “Not really. It seems certain that Woo and his group are behind all of this, we just don’t know why yet. But we’re getting there just…”“Don’t promise anything, Yoongi. Just don’t. This…this could have been me as well. I can’t just wait around for you to protect me from everything. I have to…Yoongi…you need to teach me how to defend myself.”  “You want to…” “How do I use a gun? Get me one and teach me. You can do that, right?”  “But Hoseok-“ “Please I…they could’ve surrounded me and I wouldn’t have been able to do anything. I want to be useful, not just sit around. I could’ve saved Tae as well, I’m sure of it…”  The blonde sighed but nodded and Hoseok as surprised how easy it had been to convince his boyfriend. He leaned his head on Yoongi’s shoulder, relaxing into the older male’s body as he softly combed through his hair.  “This will end soon…right?” “You told me to stop promising, Hoseok…” “Then don’t promise just…lie to me…or something…I don’t think I can handle anything else.”  Yoongi chuckled lightly, shifting their position a little and handing a candy bar over to Hoseok.“It’ll be over soon….I’m sure of it…” “So what you’re saying is that this lad we picked up didn’t actually work for Kim? The fuck is going on here…”  Jackson leaned against one of the windows in Yoongi’s office, a scoff leaving his. However, he changed his expression when he laid eyes on Hoseok.  “Sorry, guy was your friend, right?” “Yeah…kinda…” “But how can you be sure?” “How else would those guys know where to find us? It’s not part of their territory and nobody else knew of that meeting.” Namjoon’s voice was stern, yet a little silent as if he was in the middle of a deep thought process. “The point is” Yongguk spoke up from across the room “Kim might be on our side but we know Woo isn’t. And since Taehyung seemed to be working for him we can’t be sure what he told the others about us and our progress.”  “Why do I have a feeling that this won’t end well for any of us…” “Because it won’t.”All eyes turned to Yoongi, face like a statue with no expression to be found. His eyes were cold, staring into the carpet in front of his desk.  “Let’s be real, at this point we’re actually in the middle of a fucking war. I don’t care if Taehyung worked for them or anybody else there was no need to shoot him.”  “They basically stabbed him in the back. Some mean shit they’ve pulled there.”  “I want everyone to be ready at all time. We have no idea what those idiots want to do next and we can’t be caught off guard, you understand?”  He let his gaze wander to Hoseok and the boy flinched a little, not used to Yoongi’s gaze being so harsh even when directed at him.  “Get everyone ready, even those who’ve never touched a gun before. Those who work in the dark, let them continue but make sure they know how to handle situations like that. And, from this point on, no word about this whole thing outside of this room, am I making myself clear?”“Gotcha, sugar.”  “Alright then.” Yoongi nodded, leaning back in his chair and looking at everyone in the room. Hoseok gulped but kept his confident front up. He’d begged Yoongi to help him be useful, wanted to help as well. He wouldn’t back down, even if the word ‘war’ didn’t appeal to him at all.  He’d fight until there was nothing left and then some more; anything to get his father back and beat the ass which had stabbed his friend in the back.It was the least he could do.



Chapter End Notes
AY okay I made it I've been playing P5 and this whole 'authorities don't do shit' thing got me really hyped I like it lmao anyway you almost made it don't worry


Twenty-Two
Chapter Summary
Unraveled
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Yoongi’s hand was shaking, the barrel of his gun resting against a forehead he’d never thought he would dare to raise a weapon against. Warm brown eyes stared at him, a kind smile resting on a soft face.  “We certainly weren’t meant to trust each other, huh…” “I don’t want to do this…”  “There’s no other way. You never make exceptions, after all.”  “I do.” “You do?”“You were the one and only exception I ever made.”~It had been silent for a few days now; no incidents, no ransoms, nothing. Yoongi was slowly losing patience since, while there were no inconveniences there were also no new clues and the silence started to gnaw at his nerves. He spent less time at home than he actually wanted to and he was sure Holly had forgotten how he looked like.  He would lie if he said he didn’t think about ending this whole thing as a lost case and convincing Hoseok to let go. But he wasn’t that heartless, especially regarding the younger male. He was putty in his hands, ready to do anything for him and it bothered him to no end.  “Yoongi, how are you? I feel like I haven’t seen your face in years…”  However, the young man’s soft voice and kind eyes always wiped any form of regret and discontent from his mind. The blonde sighed, signalling for his boyfriend to come closer.“I’m sorry…I just feel like I might miss something if I spend time away from here. I want this to be over.”  “I appreciate your determination” Hoseok leaned against the large oak table “but you need to rest as well. We can’t have you all sleepy and powerless if something happens, right?”  “I guess…” “Come on. We’ll go home and I’ll make you something to eat. Holly’s waiting too, he misses you.”  “You’re good at convincing people…” “I just know what gets you out of your chair.” Yoongi never let everyone else do the job for him, persistent to always know first-hand what was going on and how things were handled. The current situation didn’t let his mind rest, not even as Hoseok pulled him closer to his naked chest, pressing a gentle kiss into the crown of his head.  The must’ve been a way to get to Woo; something or someone to deliver the final hint. On top of that, the more he thought about the whole thing they were stuck in the less it all seemed to make sense. Until now Woo hadn’t behaved but they’d always acted within the limits of the rules. For them to break out like that, it was unexpected and weird, to say the least.  And then, why Hoseok and his father?  Why not someone else, someone from his company?  Nothing made sense and the more he tried to find an answer, the worse the headache he had carried with him became. Closing his eyes he forced himself to let it go, concentrating on Hoseok warmth and drifting into a restless sle-“Yoongi! Hoseok! Open the door right now!”Loud banging on the front door made the two men shoot up and Yoongi groan in annoyance. The voice belonged to Namjoon and he was already picking his torture of choice-“This is not a joke! We found him, come on and hurry!”That made Yoongi jump from the bed, flying towards hi clothes and shouting at Hoseok to do the same. He’d never been this quick, already rushing towards the door to open it for Namjoon.  “Where.” “South End, Jooheon’s territory.”  “You’re telling me that they’ve been hiding there all this time and none of those idiots were able to find them?!”  “Yoongi” Hoseok put a hand on his shoulder “you can…shout later. Let’s hurry.”  The blonde took a good look at his boyfriend, suspicions rising even more. For the fact that they’d finally found his lost father, Hoseok seemed pretty calm and collected. He decided to not let it show, nodding and grabbing his gun before following Namjoon out into the night.“So what’s the plan?”  Jackson leaned against a brick wall, leather jacket shining against the dim street lights. Yoongi took a good look at the men around him; Woo were outnumbered, however, that was no sign to get careless.  “We go in and shoot. I don’t care who you shoot as long as Hoseok’s father stays safe.”  “What about Woo?” Yongguk unlocked his gun, checking it and looking at Yoongi. The blonde clenched his jaw, furrowing his eyebrows and grabbing his own weapon.  “I’ll handle that, trust me.” The night was awfully quiet, not even insects were making any sounds. Like the calm before the storm, the world getting ready for what was about to happen. Everyone got onto their positions, ready to run ahead whenever Yoongi would tell them to.  Said male was checking everything once more when Hoseok tapped his shoulder.  “Yoongi…” “What? You can still get out if you want to.”  “That’s not it I…I need to tell you something before we-“ “Boss, we’re ready. There are no guards, you’re safe to enter.”  Jimin’s voice cut Hoseok off. The blonde nodded, thanking the younger before looking at his boyfriend once more.  “You were saying?”  “I...” Hoseok suddenly seemed uncomfortable, a smile Yoongi immediately recognised as fake spreading across his face “Nothing. I love you, don’t…forget that.”  “You can get sentimental when we’re done here. And don’t even think about dying or I will revive you and kill you again.”  “Ooh, scary.” “Hoseok.” “Alright, alright. No dying.”The two of them looked at each other one last time before Yoongi gave his signal and they rushed into the building. It didn’t take long for the first shots to be heard and for the blonde to run even faster. Hoseok was following him, his aura anything but comforting and the further they went in the more Yoongi couldn’t fight the feeling that, after all, he had no idea if his boyfriend wasn’t lying to him.  The two of them reached a large double door, hiding on either side of it as they exchanged looks. Yoongi nodded and they entered, Hoseok’s father sitting on a chair in the middle of the hall, hands chained together and gagged. The younger rushed towards him, undoing everything and falling into his father’s arms.  “I’m so glad you’re alright…” “So you decided to work with them...”  “That indeed he did.”Yoongi’s eyed perked up but he failed to react fast enough, a bullet grazing his arm before he could jump t the side. He turned around to face Woo Jiho, a dirty grin on his face.  “Finally I get to see your face, Suga. For the fact that everyone’s so scared of your wrath you sure look like a little sissy.”  “They don’t fear me for my looks, do they?” “Certainly not. It is nice to see the son’s face after all this time…after everything that happened.”  “I’m not sure I understand where you’re coming from, Woo.”  “Of course you don’t.” Jiho started to take a few steps forward, Yoongi immediately raising his gun, hissing when his arm protested, blood oozing out of the shot.  “After all, you were born into wealth. Being the son of boss of all bosses must be a really nice feeling. Nobody would ever dare to disobey or they’d never see the sunlight ever again.”  “Woo I’m giving you thirty seconds to explain what the fuck you want from me.”  “I suppose you remember them, Pentagon?” “I might.”At that Jiho’s eyes darkened and he fired another shot, missing Yoongi’s head barely this time. The male was angry; Yoongi only had to find a way to use it for his own good.  “Your father and that Kim bastard ended them and we swore to get revenge someday. And the Jungs over there just so happened to owe us one and you just so happened to have the hots for their youngest. Fate really is a bitch sometimes, isn’t it?”  “So you pretended to kidnap Hoseok’s father, blame it on Kim and cause the both of us to self-destruct in a war that neither of us would’ve been able to survive. That’s why you sent Taehyung over to work for him.”  “You’re sharp, I have to say. That little shit almost gave us away so I had to take care of him. I’m sure you would’ve back off immediately if you’d found out about your little boyfriend being involved in this.” “I might’ve.”Yoongi could feel the hurt Hoseok was feeling from his position, however, the betrayal he felt hurt more than anything else. His words were supposed to cause pain, he was that selfish, he wanted to younger to hurt.  “But you took care of Taehyung and made sure Hoseok would accompany me, to make sure I would come face you alone only to stab me in the back right in front of your eyes. Correct?”  “Yoongi I-“ “Nothing would hurt more than being betrayed by the one you love, right? Just like your father betrayed his friends…”  “I have no business with this past-shit you’re going on about. I don’t care what my grandfather did, I don’t care what my father did. I just want you to follow the damn rules and keep the fucking peace but here you are, acting like a little bitch because of some shit that happened god knows how many years ago.”Jiho didn’t say anything, instead aiming his gun behind Yoongi and shooting Hoseok’s father directly. The man gasped and shouted in pain before his voice fell silent for good. Hoseok screamed, running over to his father’s lifeless body and shaking him, begging for him to wake up. Jiho laughed.  “That wasn’t necessary.” “I slipped. See, Hoseok, everyone who meets Suga dies at some point, even your father. I’d suggest you keep your part and end it before I slip one more.”  Yoongi heard Hoseok shuffle behind him and a gun clicking and his heart sank to the ground. Of course, the one time he decided to trust someone he was betrayed; the one time he decided to make exceptions he would regret it.  “Come on. It’ll all be over soon and we can go home, hm?” “You forgot a little thing, thought…” Hoseok’s voice as hoarse from screaming, shaking with tears and Yoongi registered the quiet sounds of footsteps. Jiho, oblivious to what was happening, cocked his head to the side.  “What?”“Us.”Yoongi was fast to react, rolling away from the scene to save himself as hundreds of bullets rained down on Jiho, piercing his body and making blood gush out as if he was watching an action movie. It all happened so quickly Yoongi could still see the surprise on his face as his lifeless body crashed into the ground. Namjoon immediately rushed up to his boss, helping him up and eyeing him.  “Yo-“ “How many are alive?”  “More than half. Jackson’s and Jooheon’s team took the most damage. Another group joined us last minute, they’re taking care of the survivors on Woo’s side.”  “You go and check everyone. I have….business…”  Namjoon looked at him, regret etched onto his face, however, the blonde waved it off, fixing his gaze into Hoseok who was still cowering over his father’s body.  “Are you sure…?” “No exceptions. Never again.” “Yoongi.”“Now leave before I actually lose my cool.” Everyone else left the hall, leaving only Yoongi, Hoseok and the two bodies in the room behind. The blonde didn’t hesitate, checking his gun and aiming it at Hoseok. The younger didn’t even shudder, looking at his lover with regret in his eyes.  “Yoongi I-“ “You knew about this whole nonsense plan and didn’t even think of…of course you didn’t.” “I…I didn’t know from the beginning! When we met I…I wanted to be with you, from the start but then…that happened and they…they threatened me! He was all I had, Yoongi, I didn’t want him to die!”  “So you lied to me. Instead of asking for help.” “I wanted to but how? They were everywhere I…I was scared I didn’t want to hurt-“  “Who? Your father? Me? Or yourself?” “Why are you being like this I tried to-““Why I am being like this?”  Yoongi took a few more steps in Hoseok’s direction and the younger started to back off, fear radiating off of him. The blonde knew that his state was unpredictable but he didn’t care; Jiho wouldn’t be the last casualty of the night.  “I am being like this because I trusted you. You said you loved me, that you would be honest with me. How can I not react like this when the one person I decide to trust stabs me in the back like that?!”  “I didn’t lie, Yoongi! I love you, I do I just…I wanted to solve this some other way!”  “You would’ve let him shoot me right in front of your damn eyes! That’s your solution, huh? Your father free from debt, Jiho off your dick and me long gone; that must’ve been the perfect picture for you. I can’t believe this…”  “No! Yoongi don’t-please don’t think like that I-“ “WHAT ELSE AM I SUPPOSED TO THINK?!”He shot one time, missing Hoseok on purpose and the younger jumped, shaking and tears streaming down his face.  “I love you Yoongi! I didn’t want it to turn out like this!”  The blonde didn’t say anything else, closing the last bit of distance between them.Yoongi’s hand was shaking, the barrel of his gun resting against a forehead he’d never thought he would dare to raise a weapon against. Warm brown eyes stared at him, a kind smile resting on a soft face, tainted by tears “We certainly weren’t meant to trust each other, huh…”Hoseok’s voice was filled with regret and pain; he’d given up. “I don’t want to do this…” Yoongi’s voice as shaking, no need to hide the pain he was feeling. “There’s no other way. You never make exceptions, after all.”  “I do.” “You do?”Yoongi’s gun clicked and Hoseok closed his eyes, his smile never fading, waiting for the bullet with his name on it.
“You were the one and only exception I ever made.” 
 



Chapter End Notes
i'm ending it lmao p.s. i rly suggest unravel by TK from ling tosite sigure i swear it fits well imo


Twenty-Two
Chapter Summary
Some business
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“…This incident will never be spoken of again. Furthermore, I have decided to completely refrain from appearing in public; I will neither attend meetings nor any other event. Every request will be sent to me through Namjoon. I will not answer to any attempt on contacting me.  On another note, I have decided that the best way to try and prevent another situation like this is to deepen our partnership with Kim. I look forward to our collaboration. The past will be the past from now on, regardless of what has happened.  That is all.  Regards,  Suga.” “So he’s going to leave us in the dark like that?”  Jungkook leaned back in his chair, throwing his head back and sighing. Situated in a conference room inside of Kim’s office building him, Jimin, Seokjin himself, Jackson and Yongguk had gathered to have Namjoon read out Yoongi’s note to them. The tall blonde nodded, sitting back down and handing the piece of paper to Yongguk who eyed it with scepticism.  “I knew him to be a man shrouded in darkness and mystery but this is a little harsh even for his standards…” “Sounds like a note a teenager would write before running away. ‘Don’t come looking for me, you won’t find me.’” “He is very well present and if you’re unlucky he’s heard you and will make sure your life will be a living hell.” Jungkook narrowed his eyes at Jackson, ready to jump the older male but Jimin’s hand on his shoulder held him back.  “No fighting. He wants us to work together, we should do that. You know he doesn’t like mistakes.” The younger grumbled, sitting back down and nodding. Seokjin sighed, standing up to give his final word.  “Well then, send Suga my best wishes and tell him that, from now on, we’ll be partners. I’ll look forward to a successful future.” Seokjin said, not wasting another second and smiling at Namjoon. “I’ll let him know.” The two of males shook hands as the rest of them stood up, leaving the room one after another. Yongguk held Namjoon back, giving him a serious look.  “There’s more to it, right?”  Namjoon smiled, patting the older’s shoulder before turning around. “You always were one of the smartest out there, Yongguk. I think you know the answer.”The blonde male had reached Suga’s office, closing the door behind him and sitting down in the leather chair. Behind him the sun was hiding behind clouds, casting a gloomy light onto the city.He sighed and closed his eyes for a bit, letting his mind wander over all the conversations, all the nice moments he’d had with his friend in here. Beyond that, he remembered their past together; their desperate dream to pursue music, their passion, their breakdowns. They had nobody but each other until that dream was destroyed by Yoongi having to take over for his father. He may have become cold with the years but their friendship never lost its touch and Namjoon was thankful that, even though his friend had changed, their relationship never did.  Unfolding the letter he’d stored in one of the desk’s drawers he could feel his eyes watering.  Their friendship had survived all these years, but Yoongi was gone.He would never return.  The heavy bass flowed through his entire body, filling every pore, every nook and cranny of his tiny being and he finally felt whole again. All these years he’d been missing something, never realising that everything he needed was right in front of his nose. His head bobbed along with the rhythm without him really noticing, old habits reaching out for him and grasping at his body, begging to be taken home again. He loved it, he’d missed it and it filled the emptiness which had been left inside of him; filled the hole he had left.  He was ripped out of his paradise when he felt something on his lap. Looking down he noticed Holly, lying down and getting comfortable in his lap and he smiled. The dog was the only thing left from old days and his heart ached as his thoughts ran over the past.How did everything go wrong like this?  They’d fallen in love way too fast, sure, but everything had been perfect ever since their eyes had met. They could’ve never known what kind of catastrophe fate had planned for them but it had gone downhill so fast. Trust had been something vital, and yet-
“You were the one and only exception I ever made.” 
Hoseok squeezed his eyes shut, waiting for the bullet to hit him and for his lover to put an end to his existence once and for all. Now that he thought back to it, maybe they should’ve never met. Sure, his father would’ve been in trouble nonetheless, so would he. However, Yoongi could’ve been kept out of this.  Or maybe not.  Maybe they were destined to meet and destroy each other. Maybe Hoseok was destined to break his heart and maybe Yoongi was destined to pull that trigger for doing just that.  When he noticed how long it took for the bullet to hit him he opened his eyes to see Yoongi’s body shaking violently, his hand barely able to hold up the weapon and-he was crying.“Yoongi…” “I can’t do it…”  He lowered the gun, shaking his head and covering his mouth with his free hand, letting out a heart-wrenching sob. It ripped Hoseok apart and he would’ve loved nothing more than to jump up and wrap his arms around his lover, to tell him that everything would be fine, that they’d work this out but he knew, he just knew, that he’d broken Yoongi’s trust and that he’d never regain it.  “I…I just can’t…I don’t want to make any more exceptions but I just can’t…” “Yoongi I-“ “It’s not fair…I’ve killed so many people but then why-“  “There’s stuff even you can’t do, Yoongi!” Hoseok looked at him, crying himself “You may be able to turn off your feelings when it comes to people you hardly know, people who work against you. But…but this is different, everyone will understand. I’m…I’m too close to you, you’re only human, you have a heart and I-“ a sob broke through his sentence but Hoseok caught himself fast “I had nothing better to do than to break it into pieces and break your trust…I’m…I’m so sorry I didn’t tell you…I didn’t want any of this…I should have just said what was going on from the beginning!”  Yoongi’s silence broke his heart eve further but the young man was sure that this would be his last chance to speak up and so he did; he had nothing to lose.“Since the moment we me each other in the hallway I knew you were someone I wanted in my life in one way or another. I…I never expected to fall in love but I did and I am…so glad I did. The time I spent with you and…and with Holly…it was the best time of my life and I don’t regret a single second of it. The only…regret I have is never telling you…what was going on…”  Yoongi was silent; tears still flowing but his sobs had stopped all of a sudden, an emptiness spreading through his eyes Hoseok didn’t like at all. But he kept on going.  “I love you, Yoongi. I never lied when I said it. I love you and I’ve never loved anyone like you before. But I realise my mistake and I realise that you won’t forgive me. I know your rule and if you won’t take care of me I’m sure they will understand; someone else will, I accepted that just-““I’m weak, am I not?”Hoseok looked up, a little shocked from how thin his lover’s voice suddenly sounded; shaking and raw, as if he hadn’t used it in years. He watched as Yoongi slowly raised the weapon again, however, this time he didn’t point it at him.  “All this time I thought I was strong, that nothing would ever be able to bring me down. But look at me now…” “Y-Yoongi it’s fine-“ “I want you to run, Hoseok. Leave and don’t fucking come back. Ever. Take everything you need from the flat; money, clothes whatever. Take it and leave. Forget everyone you’ve met and everything you’ve seen, it’ll do you no good.”  “What…but…but Yoongi I-Yoongi!”Hoseok suddenly panicked when the blonde raised the gun to rest at his temple, his eyes closing slowly.  “Don’t! Please, god please don’t! It’s not worth killing yourself over, I’m begging you! Shoot me instead but don’t…please-Yoongi put the gun down!”  Hoseok wanted to move but his legs wouldn’t listen to him. He wouldn’t let Yoongi end his life just like that; just because he couldn’t pull the trigger on him. But there was nothing he could do other than staring at his lover.“Promise me you’ll run, Hoseok…” “Yoongi no! Don’t do this!”“Forgive me for failing your father…”
“Yoongi no!” 
 



Chapter End Notes
You almost made it lmao


Final
Chapter Summary
The End of the Road
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“You were dozing off again, you won’t finish any work like that.”  Yoongi jumped as his beat suddenly vanished from his ear and his body, headphones being lifted off of his head and the blonde turned to look straight into Hoseok’s eyes, the young male looking back at him with adoration and a little annoyance. The older yawned lightly, taking a look at the clock on his desk and sighing as Holly jumped off of his lap.  “I’m sorry…didn’t realise it’s that late already…” “It’s alright. But you should eat before we head out or you’ll feel sick again after your performance.” “Alright, mom.” “That’s daddy for you. Now hurry or we’ll be late.”Yoongi rolled his eyes but stood up nevertheless, picking Holly back up and taking him with him into the kitchen to make himself something small before heading out. This was how their days were spent; Hoseok working during the day at a no-name studio, covering their expenses with ease. Students loved ‘instructor Min’ and a lot of people would pay a little extra for the hard work he was putting in every lesson. Once it turned night it was Yoongi’s time to shine, winning one competition after the other and reclaiming his old throne as the king of the underground.  On the weekends, they were a killer duo and soon the name ‘Sope’ made its way into the streets of Daegu’s underground and beyond. J-Hope and AGUST D were no strangers, the two of them being the main event wherever they would god.They just were that good.“You done, sugar butt? We need to leave.” “What did you just call me…I swear to god, Hoseok, I grew up here I know all the good spots to hide a body.”  “First, you wouldn’t. Second, I’m never letting you touch a weapon ever again unless it is a kitchen knife to help me prepare food. Third, shut up, sugar butt.”  The older blinked a few times before shaking his head, a smirk growing on his face as he gulped down the rest of his small dinner, mumbling a question of ‘when the fuck did you get this bold’. He put his plate into the sink and hurrying to put on his shoes. Hoseok followed him, grabbing him to stop and Yoongi shot him a questioning look.“I just…thank you…for everything…” “Don’t get all soft now, Hoseok, not before we’ve had our turn. Now that I think of it, not after as well because I really don’t feel like topping tonight, got it?”  The younger grinned and nodded, letting Yoongi go and putting his own shoes on. This was how they worked and he wouldn’t dare to complain. Yoongi sometimes would, going on about how he’d ‘lost his gang-boss-charm, how he’d become soft and Hoseok gladly reminded him every time that ‘You’ve been soft for me from the beginning, give it a rest.’  Grabbing the older’s hand they headed out into the night life, ready to kick some ass.  “You really sure Namjoon can handle all of it on his own?” “He’s not dumb…he’ll manage, I’m sure.”  “I really hope so” He really did.Because without Namjoon things would’ve turned out much uglier than he could’ve ever imagined. “Yoongi, no!”“That’s enough!” Namjoon’s voice boomed off of the hall’s walls making even Yoongi stop in his tracks.  “You’re a fucking asshole you know that? Just leaving like that? What about the business? What about the people you’re leaving behind? Have you taken a good look at Hoseok for one second? That boy is literally bleeding for you and you’re here deciding to be a coward just because you can’t kill him? You’re a man, Yoongi, get over yourself!”  “Shut up, you have no idea-“ “If you think I have no idea then I will do it for you.”  Namjoon’s gun clicked and he pointed it towards Hoseok. However, Yoongi’s body was fast to react, pushing itself in front of the young male and pointing his own gun at Namjoon.  “I fucking dare you to touch him…”The tension was thick for a few moments before Namjoon lowered his gun, shaking his head in annoyance.  “Yoongi, what you need to realize is that it’s okay to make mistakes and exceptions. Maybe he knew what was going on, but Hoseok never intended to hurt you. If he’d wanted to do that or even kill you he had plenty of options up until now, right?”  The older blonde was in disarray, his head racing and he was not sure if he could handle any more. But Namjoon wasn’t even close to being done.  “If anything, that poor guy wanted to try and solve this shit on his own, which is stupid enough. He fucked up, we all do and he was just lucky that we’re all a little smarter than Jiho was. You need to learn to forgive, Yoongi; him and yourself.”  “But it’s not that easy-“ “It isn’t, I know. But killing yourself is not the solution, killing him is not the solution. I know that nothing is making sense for you and that you mind is set on killing someone in this room but there is no need for that. There is a reason you made that exception, don’t let that reason go to waste.”Yoongi felt his hand shake and before he knew his gun fell from his hands, Hoseok immediately reacting and kicking it out of his reach before throwing himself at the older, trapping him in and embrace way too tight to be comfortable and sobbing against his shoulder.  “I beg you…don’t…please…I made mistakes but…I promise I will never…never again…keep anything from you…I-I love you way too much please…Yoongi, please forgive me…you’ll never have to again, I promise just…this one time…”  Yoongi didn’t say anything. Instead, he relaxed into the younger’s body and he knew Hoseok understand, a sob of relief leaving him. Namjoon sighed, putting his gun away and nodding.  “We’ll have to sort things out, you’ll need to vanish as soon as possible.”  “Vanish?” Hoseok sniffed, wiping his tears and looking at Namjoon who only nodded.“Suga has a reputation to keep, we’re powerful. If rumours spread that he showed mercy on someone just because of affection it will endanger our position. Furthermore, we don’t know who else Jiho worked with. You might still be in danger.”  “So I died here…” “It’s the only way.”  Hoseok nodded, clearing his throat and gaining his composure.  “Fine. Jung Hoseok died here. But…” he made Yoongi look at him and smiled lightly “Min Hoseok would like to come with you…if you let me…”  Yoongi was frozen for a while stammering a little and the younger couldn’t help but laugh seeing his boyfriend’s flustered expression. Namjoon sighed, turning around and leaving the hall, leaving the two of them.  “So, you’ll let me..?” “I…guess yeah…” “I don’t expect you to trust me right ahead just…know I’m sorry, I really am…”  “Stop apologizing, we need to…get to work…” “Mh…Yoongi?” “What?”  Hoseok pulled him close, head resting in the crook of his neck as he tried his best not to sob again.“Never…never lay your hands on a gun ever again…promise…”Yoongi put his arms around him, combing through the younger’s hair, a final tear leaving his eye.“I won’t. Never again.” “They’re here” Jimin’s voice sounded a little tired through the intercom but made Namjoon jump nonetheless. He nodded, thanking the young man and telling him to go home for the day; it had been exhausting for everyone and he needed all the energy he had for the next days.  As the office door opened a tall, slender man greeted Namjoon, who stood up to shake his hand, and smiled kindly at him.  “Good afternoon, my name is N. I was sent by Elysium to discuss our partnership with Suga.”  Namjoon nodded, motioning for him to sit down before he did so himself.  “It’s good to meet you and good to hear from you. I hope we can agree on something profitable for the both of us. The well-being of the people we work with is what’s most important to us after all.” The man smiled, albeit a little confused.  “And you are?” “Oh, I’m sorry, how rude of me.”  Namjoon was smiling, however, he failed to wipe the remains of nostalgia and sorrow from his face.“My name is Suga.” “Namjoon. You’re reading this after everything has been finalized. Hoseok and I are long gone and we’ve managed to take care of the necessary. First of all, I would like to thank you for your friendship. I never trusted anyone except you for all these years and I always knew I could count on you whenever I needed help. I’m not good with emotions, but I hope I have been a good friend to you as well.  Second, from now on, you will wear the name of Suga. I don’t care what you do with the company, how you’ll work it. I just want you to keep up this façade I, no, we have created over the years.  Lastly, I would like for you to tell the others that I’m still around. Make sure nobody worries about me or what happened to Hoseok. The two of us will leave as soon as possible and we won’t come back. 
Who knows, maybe, someday, we’ll be able to collaborate again like we did back then. But for now, this is farewell, my friend.

Thank you, for saving my life, for talking some sense into me, for making me realise that I’m still a human being, that I can start anew and leave everything behind. Thank you for making that possible as well. 

Thank you for your friendship, I’ll never forget any of it. 

Farewell, 

Yoongi.” 




Chapter End Notes
You made it congratulations



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



