



Feeling Empty - IsTheMedia - wanpanman One-Punch Man
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Feeling Empty
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/6785149.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
ワンパンマン | One-Punch Man
Relationship:
Genos/Saitama (One-Punch Man)
Character:
Saitama (One-Punch Man), Genos (One-Punch Man)
Additional Tags:
Somnophilia, Sex Toys, Uncontrollable Edging, Gift Fic, Bottom Saitama, Top Genos, Teasing, Anal Beads
Stats:

        Published: 2016-05-08
          Completed: 2016-06-01
          Chapters: 7/7
        Words: 8029
      

Feeling Empty
by IsTheMedia
Summary
A gift for  nicoletfor her  Sleep Tight Senseiand  Sleep Well Sensei series.Please read them before reading this.*FORMAT FINALLY FIXED!!!*




Chapter 1



 He still couldn't believe he was doing this. It never was a problem--wait was this a problem? Maybe, in some context.“Hnn..ah, ah," his face felt hot; flushed in arousal and shame as his fingers traced the edge of his hole.He didn't know when it started, but he's been finding himself feeling...empty. And not in the way he use to feel. Not empty of emotion. He felt physically empty.Shuddering as his slick and shaking fingers barely dipped inside, he could feel the muscles twitch in anticipation."Ahn..f-fuck!" The first finger slid in so easily. It always did. At first he questioned as to how that even happened, but when he felt the bluntness of his own nail slowly rub and scrape at the insides of his walls--"Shit! Ahn.ah..." He bucked his hips as he added a second and a third shortly after. And here was the problem. It wasn't enough anymore. Just three fingers wasn't enough. He'd find himself on edge for hours and it just wasn't enough. Eventually he'd succumb to exhaustion, and pass out. Still so hard and still achingly empty. What was going on? His body felt so tense; wound up so tight that he'd swear something was going to snap.He was grateful that Genos was gone though. S-Class Association bull crapCome to think of it...That's when this whole feeling started to become more intense. He bit his lips as his legs fell open, spreading them wider. It gave his fingers a chance to reach deeper. His pants mixed in with some huffing as he rolled his hips up.Dammit! Dammit, it wasn't enough! He...he needed more. He needed something, thicker. Something longer.The whimper that left him was the least of his concerns as he pulled his fingers out. His hole clenching some, trying to keep them in. Needing something to fill the space.His cock was hard, hot, and laying heavily against his lower stomach. The slit was leaking and twitching. He wanted to come so badly, but he knew it wouldn't happen. It was always like this. Always.  -- Grunting softly as he slowly worked himself open. He couldn't believe he went out and fucking bought this. But he needed something! He was losing his mind.Gasping as he rolled his hips back and managed to brush against the small nub.His forehead was resting against the floor. Cool to his skin, and his hot breaths condensation slightly.His legs twitch as he pulled his fingers out. Letting the tremors that wracked his body to fade before he pushed himself up so he was sitting.Eyes glancing to the object next to him. He felt his face heat up more as he felt that tight ring clench and flutter anxiously.Grabbing it and the bottle of plain lube, he took a deep breath; trying to not back out of this. It had a little suction cup at the bottom of it. He didn't get it at first, but it didn't take long for him to actually understand its intent.His lube slick fingers dampened the cup before he stuck it to the floor.Hopefully the surface was smooth enough for it to make a decent seal.Shifting some, so he knelt over the stuck toy, he flushed some as he spread his cheeks apart. Alright...no chance to back out now. He was so close to it. He swallowed as he sat back, lowering himself onto it. - Oh-oh god! He felt stuffed. Oh fuck! It pressed against his walls-shit that was good.He moaned as his hips rolled back. He needed it deeper! Pushing down more until his ass met the floor, he let out a long and loud moan.Holy fuck this felt awesome! Why didn't he do thing before! Shit! Yes this was going to work this time. - He threw his head back as he moan, nearly screaming as he found himself practically bouncing on it. So good! Oh fuck it felt so good!He bit his lip as he wrapped his fingers around his straining erection and pumped it in time with his thrusts.Pleasepleaseplease let this work! Please let him come this time! Fuck! He wouldn't know what to do if he didn't."Shit! Ah..ah oh oh-fuck!"He could feel the muscles in his thighs start to burn and ache. But he had to keep going. He needed to! He needed this!"So-so close...fuck...fuck!"Then he felt that twinge at the base of his cock.Fuck! No! He wanted to scream. Not again. Not Again!Thrusting down harder onto the toy, he cried out. "Please, c'mon c'mon!"He felt it pressing up against the little nub of nerves, sending flashes of lights to dance before his eyes. But it STILL wasn't enough!He felt his ass clench around the toy tightly. As if saying that it wasn't big enough. His body needing something thicker.His chest was heaving as he gulped down air into his lungs. Dammit all he wanted to fucking cry. This was starting to hurt. --  He couldn't sleep. He just couldn't get to sleep after each failed attempt. It was just getting to be too much for him. It felt like his skin was too tight.He gotten so desperate that he bought another thing. Not as long as the first but thicker. ...and it vibrates. But as soon as he got it home, shame washed over him. He literally threw the thing into the closet and let is sit there for the test of the day.But now, here he was, laying flat on his back on his futon. The aching need keeping him awake, just gnawing at the base of his skull. Ah fuck it! -- It was big. And thick. And had the appearance of a mushroom almost. A little round remote came with it, with a single button in the center. He felt cheeks heat up as he read the instructions. No wonder it was so cheap. The dial itself was poorly designed. Needing to go through all the setting before it would shut off.All...six...settings.H-he could do this. He felt his heart pick up and the tell-tale twitch of his hole. Shit he was getting excited.Where was that damn lube? -The red butt plug hummed in his ass and Saitama arched his back off the futon, twitching his hips. His hand pushing his throbbing cock down between his thighs. He remembered seeing this in a porno once, he just hoped it actually worked. Grinding his legs together, thighs rubbing his trapped cock--Fuckfuckfuck!Oh shit! It DID work!He thumbed the remote, kicking it up to the next setting. Oh god, that felt even better. But it wasn't enough. He needed more! He could feel his insides clenching tighter.Several rapid clicks, and his moans turned into gasps for more as the plug began vibrating wildly. He clenched his eyes as sparks of white flickered before his eyes.Nearly mewling pathetically, his hips bucked upwards. Hot damn, he had a new appreciation of the muscles of his thighs! How good it felt as they squeezed together.He heard the floorboards creaking slightly under his movements. Suddenly with a loud gasp, he arched up violently, nearly folding himself in half.He felt the crest of orgasm rolled through him--yes! Yes! Finally!The feeling was slowly washing over him; wave after wave. But it was never fully hitting him. He thrashed, as he pressed his thighs together even tightened, his hand pushing his cock down so it was pressed closer to those firm muscles. He felt a small dribble of cum drip down his thighs... And that was it. "FUCK!" He yelled as he collapsed on his back. Whimpering as the sudden shift caused the plug to move within him, his cock slapping against his lower belly as his thighs laid spread out. The toy still going at it's highest setting. He pressed the button and the vibrations suddenly stopped.He laid there, sprawled out on the futon. His chest heaving, his face flushed red. His cock still hard and only just barely leaking. WHAT THE HELL DID HE NEED TO DO TO FUCKING COME!?  -- It was almost two in the morning when he finally made it back home. Carefully and quietly he opened the apartment door. Letting it close quietly behind him; only letting the little 'click' of the latch be the only sound to echo through the apartment. Returning from the mandatory check in at HA. He only got to see Sensei for only a mere hour before he found himself heading out again.  He did his best to cross across the room quietly to make it to his sleeping area. Gold eyes scanned the room. Sensei was already sound asleep.Doing his best to set up his futon without waking his teacher was a daunting task. Soon it was laid out, and Genos His eyes taking in the sight of his sleeping Sensei It was too long he was away. Two full weeks. Two full weeks being away from Saitama-sensei. Sensei was sprawled out on his back. Legs spread out, on knee bent up and out from under the blanket.Genos shifted some and silently moved closer to the sleeping man. Slowly pulling back the blanket; he settled himself between the well muscled legs.It was going to be a bit difficult to get the sleep pants down enough, with how one leg was bent. He was sure he could figure out something though.He needed to do this for Sensei He seemed so stressed when he came back. Irritated and agitated. He refused to tell Genos what was going on. Don't worry Sensei, he'd make sure he'd help you relax some. If only for tonight. --  Why did Sensei feel so loose? What was he doing while he was gone? Jealousy flashed through his mind. Did Sensei find somebody?Jealousy and anger spiked as he shoved in a fourth finger. Taking the moan and roll of the hips as a good sign. The little pink ring was stretch out, trembling around his digits. Oh Sensei.. Genos watched as he continued to pump his fingers in and out. Pulling out little pants and moans from the bald hero; taking note how his cock twitched. He licked his lips. Best to make use of this position.Making sure his lips were moistened before he leaned down. The tip was already dampened with a pearl of pre-cum. His tongue flicked out. His sensors buzzed at the flavor. His Sensei tasted so good.The only sounds that were made in the apartment were; the soft buzzing and whirring of his core, the wet slick sucking sounds of Genos' mouth around the heavy cock, and the small almost whining pants that came from SenseiHe swallowed around the length, letting his artificial throat work around the hot piece of flesh. All the while his fingers never stopped working themselves in deeper. Finally pressing against that tiny nub that sent a shiver through Sensei's body.He kept rubbing it, almost at a punishingly harsh and constant rate. The thoughts of somebody else feeling Sensei like this. He swallows around him as he gave a particular rough jab.Sensei's hips bucked wildly as he thrashed a bit. His hole tightening around the fingers. Genos' eyes widened as he felt the almost continuous gushing fill his mouth. He was grateful not having a gag reflex; since each time he swallowed, more just fill his mouth. "Oh-shit...oh shit..fuck." He froze. Sensei woke up. "Genos? What the he--oh fuck!"It was wrong of him, he knew it. But he if this was going to be his last chance of doing...anything he was going to make it last. So he curled his fingers."Shit! Ah fuck! D-don't stop! Oh fuck Genos don't stop!"Sensei was taking this...considerably well though. --  Finally! Fourteen days of never ending torture finally ended! Sure he should be questioning what the hell Genos was doing; but he couldn't. Right now all he could focus on was how fucking good those fingers felt in him. Stretching and curling."H-higher! Fuck Genos a b-bit highe--THERE! Shit there again!"He could feel himself getting worked up again. Only one release wasn't enough. His hips rocking up slightly as Genos' mouth pulled away."Sensei," Genos purred as his licked as the crease of skin that connected his thigh to his pelvis.Holy fuck! When has THAT been a sensitive place?!"Does it feel good Sensei?""Ah ah...fuck yes. Good, shit it feels so good...don-ah-don't stop."He smiled some as he kissed down the thigh. Nipping the supple skin ever once in a while."Sensei..I'll make you feel so good.""G-genos? What are you--FUCK!" He slammed his head back, eyes opening wide as he felt something else push into him. "Wha-what is that--holy shit! G-Genos is that-oh fuck! It is!"His tongue pushed in along with his fingers. Tasting him. Sensei tasted so good everywhere. With his other hand, he reached up and stroked the rapidly hardening erection. Working his Sensei into a frenzy. -- After making Saitama come for about the fourth time, he noticed exhaustion slowly settling in his teacher. Genos opened his mouth to apologize profusely to his Sense--"Talk in the mornin'.""Sen...sei?""We'll talk in the mornin'. sleep now."Genos blinked but nodded. Why wasn't his Sensei mad with him? -- "You...are mad with me then?""Damn right I am!" Saitama snapped, only feeling a slight tinge of guilt when he saw how the teen flinched."I-I will...I will leave Sensei I-I will never bother you again."Christ the kid sounded like he was going to cry. He pinched the bridge of his nose and took a deep breath. "I'm not telling you to leave Genos" He began and looked over to him. Were those eyes...sparkling? "But, there's a condition."He was those shoulders slouch and that sparkle leave."A-Anything Sensei"He sighed. "...mind telling me why?""Sensei?""Why did you start this? Seriously! And when the fuck did you start this? How long? I mean I know it's gotta be a while..you need to take responsibility dude!""Respon- responsibility Sensei?" His Sensei must have been upset to be talking this much."I almost went insane when you were gone! Nothing would fucking work."Genos sat up straight, and listened to everything his Sensei went on about. He strained to hear the last bit of his rant. Noting how he went a bit quiet, face blushing brightly."--fucking feels empty even now...dammit--What the FUCK!?"Genos pinned the older man down. His pupils dilating some."Ge-Genos? The hell!?""Sensei, I am able to remove my genitalia in order to assure no damage will occur to it while in batt--""Twenty words or less!"Genos nodded and leaned in close, breathing in his Sensei's ear. "I can remove my dick Sensei. I can have it fill you."He didn't need his Sensei to respond. The eager buck of the bald hero's hips sufficed.  



Chapter 2
Chapter Summary
(and just because it seriously just came to me after posting the first part. Enjoy!)



-I can't do this Alone Anymore!-or-Some Trade Off-    
"I can remove my dick Sensei. I can have it fill you." 
 He'd be embarrassed by the downright pornographic sounds coming form him, if it just didn't feel so damn good.When Genos said he'd make sure he'd wouldn't need to worry about that...empty feeling again he wasn't kidding.He rolled his hips back, trying to force the unattached dick deeper. He could feel it pulsing, and it pressed up against his walls just...so...fucking...perfect!His mouth hung open as he panted. He knew he had to look like a mess. On his hands in knees-well more like on his knees and chest. Ass up in the air. He felt it twitch inside."Hmm...fuuuu--Genos!" 
 “I've been called to a meeting Sensei. I promise to return as soon as it is over, or that I feel that my presence is no longer needed.”
 Seriously how the hell can the kid talk like that when he had three fingers knuckle deep in him?The teen wasn't even gone an hour, and he already felt so desperate. One hand scrambling to reach back and grip at the attachment plate that was at the base of it.He gasped as he felt it slide out. His muscles tried their best to keep it in, wanting to suck it back inside. Not even getting it out halfway, before he pushed it back in."Ah-ah!" he could feel his cock twitch and a little dribble come leak out, dripping onto the floor. He felt that twinge at the base of his cock again.Biting his lip to stifle any curse he wanted to shout out. It wasn't fucking fair. He couldn't come without the cyborg's help anymore. --Genos stepped into the apartment; and was greeted by the breathless calling of his name. Stepping into the living area, he felt steam rush out of his vents at the sight. Brown eyes looked up pleadingly."Genos, Genos please...fuck, please," Saitama was beyond the point of caring that he was begging. He needed to come!The sound of his Sensei's voice shook him to his core. He nodded and went over to the older man, kneeling behind him. He would never tire seeing this sight.Genos shushed his Sensei and rubbed his hips in a soothing gesture. "I need this back before I can help Sensei."Saitama moaned and spread his legs wider. Genos brought a hand to his mouth, in order to stop himself from drooling at the sight.His Sensei was such a sinful sight to behold. His fingers traced along the attachment plate, pushing against it. The reaction was immediate. Saitama moaning out almost shamelessly and rolling his hips back.Genos swallowed as he took a hold of the plate's edge and slowly, so agonizingly slowly pulled his cock from his Sensei.Gold eyes watched as the pink pucker twitched and tried to keep it in. Once fully out, he watched as it clenched around nothing."Genos..." the bald hero moaned and rocked his hips back."Ah, y-yes Sensei."Undoing his pants, he pushed them down long with is boxers to about mid-thigh. With his free hand he reached down, and heard a little 'click', as the plate between his legs popped off.Letting it drop to the floor with a heavy 'thunk', the teen carefully snapped the attachment in its place.He bit back a moan as he felt the connectors go online. His systems buzzing with static as the data transferred to his body.Saitama yelped as he found both wrists seized and slammed to the floor as Genos pressed up against him. The teens hips rocking and rubbing against him, causing him to moan out. His legs spreading out more, his ass pushing back.“I-in...fucking get in already!”Genos hummed softly as he nipped at the back of Saitama's neck. “Ask nicely Sensei.”“Shit! Ah...fuck...please! Please Genos, please please put it in!”“Good,” he purred and rolled his hips, pushing in.“Ah! Haa-fuck yes...” Saitama closed his eyes as he arched his neck back.“Sensei feels so good. You feel so warm. You're swallowing me so deep.”“Genos...Genosgenosgenos,” it was all he could think. All he could say.Maybe this little trade off wasn't so bad after all. 



Chapter 3
Chapter Summary
(no set chapters. Just writing them as they come to me.)



-It Was Always Him-or-Better Than an Alarm Clock-  His internal clock chimed, informing him that it was five am. Eyes opening in an instant, adjusting to the dim lighting of the apartment. Slowly re-familiarizing his surroundings. Sensei was pressed up against him. His well muscled back against his chest.Smiling to himself, as he trailed a hand down over a pajama clad hip, he thanked whatever greater power there might be for giving him a chance like this. He nuzzled at the base of the hero's skull as a finger curled around the elastic of his waistband; tugging it slightly, easing it down.That Saitama-sensei still wanted him around. Still wanted him here.That Saitama-sensei wanted him.He felt the familiar buzzing that started at the base of his brain, sending rapid fire streams of data to and from his systems.He wanted Saitama-sensei.He had to be careful and quiet. Sensei wasn't one that liked being woken up so suddenly. Slipping out, he heard a slight sound of disappointment come from the still sleeping man as his source of warmth left him.It won't be for long Sensei.Genos crossed the room to the small case where he sorted his minor spare parts. The double 'click' sounded so loud in the nearly silent apartment. His scanners showing no signs of his sensei waking up. Trying best to stay as quiet as possible, he pulled out the part he needed.He found it almost funny. How he never saw the point in having this part. That it was pointless in his mission for revenge. That there was no practical use.That was until he met Sensei.Perhaps he could get this an upgrade too...he causally thought as he attached it. -- He took his place back behind Saitama. One hand went back to work on easing the older man's sleep pants down further. Just far enough to expose the pick pucker that always seemed so eager to be filled. He took a deep breath and tried to get his cooling systems to kick in. His sensei always made him feel so hot. Letting the lubricant, that coursed through his body to avoid his joints from overheating and cracking, leak just enough to let his fingers become slick.He slowly pushed a finger in, reveling in the shuddering moan he drew out from the bald hero. Hips already rolling back onto the appendage. Muscle clinging to it.He leaned in close, purring softly in the older man's ear.“Your body is always so ready for me Sensei. Can you feel it? How you clench around my finger? Trying to suck it in deeper?”A sleepy moan bubbled out as the still sleeping man thrust back against him. A second finger slowly pushing in.“I want to fuck you Sensei,” he murmured as he kissed the nape of his neck. “So hard, and so deep that you'll feel me inside of you for days. I want to fill you up so much that your tight little hole has to clench to keep it from spilling out.”“Ah...ah...”“Would you like that Sensei?” He nipped at the suddenly tantalizing earlobe, sucking on the soft skin.“Hnn...mph--!” Saitama gasped as he buried his face against his pillow, his hips still rocking back.“I'd like it Sensei,” the teen panted slightly as he reached around and grabbed the twitching erection. “I'd like it so much.”Saitama gave a shaking moan and rolled his hips back. It was a good an answer as any in the cyborg's opinion.Kissing along the back of the bald hero's neck, he encouraged the older man to roll onto his stomach; fingers still working as he rearranged him. His free hand tugged, and slowly inched the pajama pants down further. Making sure he could spread the hero's muscular thighs. – It's been a while since he had one of these dreams. In fact he couldn't remember the last time he HAD a dream like this. It was too long ago. Just him, laying his stomach. His body felt like it was on fire.It ached.It burned.It was hungry.“Ahn...hnn,” he rocked back. That all too familiar faceless figure looming over him. Hot hands trailed over him. God it felt so damn good. Those hands trailed down his back, squeezed his hips...When they trailed lower he tried to spread his legs further, but something was stopping them. Like something was binding them, refusing him to let them spread any further.But it didn't deter the faceless figure. They still worked him over.Hips rolling back, as he panted and moaned. His body slowly being opened. Shit it felt so hot.But...it felt familiar.Sure he had these dreams before, but this time it literally FELT familiar. It was almost as if he could place these touches, this feeling into the real worl--“--eel so good Sensei...”A voice rumbled in his dreams.Oh fuck.That's why. His dream self look over his shoulder, and that once faceless figure, was no longer faceless.It was-- – “Genos!” Saitama cried, eyes flying open. “W-what are yo-o-oooh! Fuck!”Genos gave a breathy chuckle as he thrust in deeper; the older man's hands clawing into the futon under them. “G-good morning Sensei.”“Ah..ahn...” Shit, so all this time. Oooh fuck, who was he kidding. He knew he always wanted it to be Genos. He wanted that figure to be Genos. His raised his hips some and pushed back. “Ah-hn! There!”The teen responded eagerly, hips snapping back harder. Maybe that was why he wasn't as mad as he should have been. He wanted this just as much. Maybe he knew it was him all along? Hard to ignore how a metallic body would feel. How his body never seemed satisfied with those-um-average...things.Fuck it. He knew he wanted Genos. He just never thought the teen could want him back.“B-better than an—hnn...alarm clock?”“Fuu-Genos, stop-ah! Talking and just-oh shit—ah...ah...fuck me!” Saitama nearly shrieked. Though he'd admit it...Genos was right. Is was so much better then an alarm clock. 



Chapter 4
Chapter Summary
The "titles" for this one pretty much says it all.



-Pay Back's A Bitch, Huh?-or-Taking Responsibility-    Alright...alright. Still asleep. Good, that's a good sign. He knew that once the he was asleep, he'd be dead to the world until the morning.They gave a tug to the wiring that wrapped and wound around their captive's wrists. No need to worry about having it cut circulations, but it could still be uncomfortable as hell. Now...onto the legs.He'd need to remove his sleep shorts, but how was he going to bind his legs?And why was he doing this in the first place?Oh...right....THAT'S why. “D-Don't go showing things like that off!” “Sensei,” Genos frowned some, still holding the offending item. 
Saitama could feel his blush creeping up his ears. His eyes kept darting to the...thing Genos held. Must be nice to be able to upgrade and change that whenever he could. 
“Do you...not want to test it?”
Shit, now he was pouting. 
 Success! One leg through, now onto the other. The kid didn't seem to even notice. Genos has mentioned he was able to dream. Must be dreaming something good to not notice this.A few sharp tugs and he was sliding the rest of the article of clothing of.Alright, now his legs. He grabbed the spool of wire that was kept in the small repair kit Genos made for him, and looked over the still sleeping cyborg. How to do this? “It's...transparent,” Siatama said as he poked the clear nearly pink cock. It wasn't fully pick, just the majority of it. There were bits of black and sliver as well, but it still was mainly pink. “It is mainly composed of silicone, Sensei, The sensors have a wider range of exposure than the previous one.” “Oookay?”“I'll be able to feel more of you Sensei.”
Saitama made a choking sound. “DON'T SAY IT LIKE THAT!”
 Ok, now came the even trickier part. Popping THAT plate off, and attaching...that.He had to do it carefully. Genos' systems would alert him if anything felt off. If anything went awry. “Sen! HN! N-ah! L-let go! Ooohstop!”
Saitama practically yanked his hand back. “W-did I break it?”

Genos was panting hard, a small line a drool trickled from the corner of his mouth. “N-no...I-I think the-ahn-sensitivity of it is too hi—AI! Sensei! Please!” 
 The little 'click' sent a small wave of victory through him. Popping off, what Genos called his 'modesty-plate', he set it aside to make it didn't get lost, or the possibility of it getting broken.Now...for the last piece. – His alarms suddenly went off. He tried to access what might has caused it, but the sudden surge of static and wave a data made his mind blur.What w-was-What was going on?He tried to do a scan to see what was going on around him.
Tight, hot, wet, slick, so good, more, more more--
 He felt himself start to pant as he tried to grab at whatever he could.Gold eyes flew open. His wrists were bound together over his head. He was about to exclaim, only for it to come out as a moan.Eyes looking down from his bound wrists to see--“S-Sen-sensei!?” – Crap he woke up a lot sooner than he thought. Ah well. He rolled his hips down as he rode the bound cyborg.He clenched his muscles around him, drawing a gasp and a cry from the still confused teen.“Sen-sesnei! Wh-what are you—ahn! Oh! Y-You didn't!”He couldn't help the breathless chuckle, as he slammed back down. “Payback's a bitch—ahn, i-isn't it Genos?”“Too much...feel-Sensei!”The kid was nearly wailing, thing must be really sensitive.“Feel—p-please Sensei-w-want to touch!”As much as he wanted to keep up the original plan, he could refuse when Genos sounded like that. Rolling his hips some, he leaned forward with a deep groan as he felt the new cock reach deeper.Genos made almost a mewling sound as the change in position.The sudden 'snap' of the wires being broken was too much.Saitama gasped as he felt a sudden rush of warmth fill him. Shuddering as he felt some ooze out of his stretch hole.“Di-did you just-?”“I-I told you Sensei!” Genos' face was bright red in embarrassment. “I-it's too sensitiv—ahh!”Saitama shifted back to sitting upright, forcing the spent cock to shift again. He stilled long enough for Genos to catch his breath before moving again, the slick squelching sound sending a tingling sensation up the older man's spine.“Sensei...sensei,” the teen whined as he tried to thrust up; only to find his legs bound as well. Legs bent, and ankles bound and pressed into his thighs.“Re-hah-remember when I said you—oh! Ah-hhn, needed to take responsibility for your actions?”Genos whimpered but nodded. What he did to his Sensei, was considered and appalling thing; yet he couldn’t stop himself. He was very, very lucky that it worked out in the end. He bit his lip as he felt Saitama clench around him again.Then he finally got it. – He didn't even hear the snapping of the wire, before he found himself flat on his back. Legs being pushed up, and now resting and broad metal shoulders.The look in Genos' eye made his stomach and cock jump.“I understand Sensei...please let me be, responsible for you.”The sudden deep thrust cut off any response Saitama had.  



Chapter 5
Chapter Summary
1) Late Birthday gift to me!!!! (05/19 though like anyone cares)2) I need more Genos with, interesting lower equipment. Touch pads, nobs, anything! It's become such a thing for me and I don't know why!



 -Plug It In- Genos felt that twitch and bit his bottom lip doing his best to stifle the whimper that wanted to escape him. He pressed his knees together as a small tremor ran up his spine. “So...is this just all, like, senstive?”“Ah, hnn, y-yes Sensei,” Genos squirmed a bit as Saitama inspected the connectors beneath his modesty plate. Poking at the wires, causing them to shift just so. “Hn! S-sensei...”
The connectors weren't all that big, they just look like the little nubs on the end of a battery. But there were quite a few. Five in a arch pattern at the top and bottom of the plate. Three sets of nobs in a straight line about ten each; one down the middle and one to each side. Then three lines of five, going perpendicular to the other; splitting it into thirds. 

Wires were intricately woven from nub to nub. 

Hmm...he wondered.
“S-sen—SEI!”
Saitama jumped and pulled back, tongue out of his mouth. Yep just like a battery. 
“Sensei, i-if you want,” Genos began and reached for one of the attachments, only to have his wrist suddenly seized by the bald hero. “Not yet, I wanna try somethings.” He felt his vents open as steam slowly poured out in gentle wisps. He couldn't be too upset with his Sensei. He deserved this. Saitama-sensei had nearly a life time of revenge saved up for what he did to the bald hero.Another twinge and he jerked slightly.  “Sensei! T-this seems highly dangerou—oH! OH GOD!”
It probably was. No, scratch that. It totally was, without a doubt. An old extension cord, with its insulation cracking and peeling away; it really should have been tossed out long ago. Peeling away some of the tape from head that held the outlet, Saitama barely needed to pull before it popped off. 

It was an idea that came to the bald hero. Genos has mentioned how there were some...instances when he'd receive an electrical shock from the outlet while unplugging appliances and the sudden rush he'd get. Saitama had to tease and ask if it is was one of the reasons why the cyborg did those chores as often as he did. 

When the teen remained silent, that's what got the idea brewing. 

Peeling back more of the coating on the cord, exposing the wires enough so he could in theory wrap them around the nub; Saitama knew it could end one of two ways. 

1) It could mean a whole new filed of...”play” for him with Genos. 

2) It could cause the teen to crash or malfunction. And he REALLY didn't need to explained it to the doc what happened. 

Carefully, Saitama wrapped the wires. Genos' hips twitched and bit his lip as little sounds tried to push out. When he considered his work done, he took the opposite end the the prongs. 
“Ready Genos?” It was normal for him to have a lingering affect once he received a small shock. Sorta like a mini after-glow. It never lasted long.But this? Oh god this was lasting forever! It was turning him on again. He never knew those nubs could get so sensitive.He couldn't even snap his modestly plate back in when he received a call for all S-Class heroes to report to the HA. It was almost as if he had the sensation of touch once again. The rough fabric of his jeans rubbing just slightly against the still tingling nubs. “When you come back,” Saitama purred softly in his ear. 
It was amazing how much about him changed in the past few months. He was still mostly numb and aloof to most emotions still. However, the ones he could feel, he practically reveled in. Perhaps Genos should have worked on more subtle emotions with his Sensei than diving into something so intimate and sexual. 

...no, no. Where would the fun be in that? 
“H-hai Sensei?” his legs quaked as Saitama reached around from behind to fasten his belt. “We're going to continue this,” he hear the smirk in the voice. “I wanna see if I, charge you up, could you can be a battery for a new thing I just got?”
Holy hell! H-he bought another thing!? 

"It's self-thrusting.”
 Genos started to wonder if it was in bad taste to just bust out from the conference room and make a mad dash back to Z-City.  



Chapter 6
Chapter Summary
Continuing from the last Chapter



-Test Run-  He couldn't think! His hands scrambled to grip onto anything, just something! He wasn't sure if it was the thing thrusting in and out that was causing this; or the moan and cries from his disciple.As soon as Genos returned, Saitama found himself pinned to the floor. The teen on him , nearly devouring his mouth as he ground his hips into him.They nearly tore off each others clothing, in a sudden desperate need.Saitama ignored the fact that he would now need to go clothes shopping because of their haste. – 
Eyes squeezed shut as his fingers scrambled for purchase on the wood floor. He was sure he was going to pull it up if this didn't slow down, or if they didn't move.

"Gen-ooh! Fuck! Genos..Genos,"he panted trying to push the cyborg off him.

Genos didn't stop; the pushing and tugging as his hair just made him suck harder. The silky feeling of skin on his synthetic tongue, and that taste assaulted his sensors. He grown to like the feel of it in his mouth, the weight, how his lips stretched around it. His head began bobbing as he took it in deeper.

  “Ah, fuck!”

Genos felt encouraged at the sudden outburst. His systems buzzing at the obscene slurping noises he was making; the slight tingling sensation of his connector plate all the more apparent.

 
 “We're going to continue this,” he heard the smirk in the voice. “I wanna see if I, charge you up, could you can be a battery for a new thing I just got.”
 

He moaned as he remembered what his Sensei proposed.

And how much we wanted it.

How much he needed it.

 

Pulling off Saitama’s cock, yellow eyes watched as it snapped back onto his stomach, and leaving his mouth feeling empty; Genos shifted slightly again to look at Saitama.

Pure bliss was all the he could see. That muscular chest heaving as a fine sheen of sweat started to form.

"Sensei..."

Saitama just moaned as he spread his legs wider. 

Steam burst from the teen, as his eyes roamed over the the smooth flesh of the older hero. Tone thighs spread opened, allowing a good view of everything to be seen.

Saitama let out a cry as Genos buried his head between his spread legs, hands gripping his thighs. Kissing and licking, making his way down further. The bald hero squirmed some as he felt hot breaths washing over that twitching ring of muscle.

Letting go of one leg, Genos every so lightly traced over Saitama’s twitching entrance. Rubbing slowly, watching it quiver; before he gave a short lick tearing a high sound from the older man.

Before he knew it, Genos was sucking and pushing his tongue inside. Saitama thrashed a bit. It was too much already!

Then; he felt a warm, smooth finger was gently pressing at the wet, pink skin.

"We'll need to prepare you Sensei."

Shit he could feel the vibrations of the kid's voice.

"J-just do it already."

 

–

 

“M-more! Oh god please Genos!”

“So greedy,” Genos purred, working three fingers in. “Sensei is greedy.”

Genos watched as the ring of muscle stretched around as he worked a fourth finger in. Leaning in to kiss at the reddened rim.

“F-fuck!”

Sensei was so hot and soft inside. And so sensitive too.

He wished that he could bury himself inside his Sensei again, but the older man had other ideas. As degrading as it sounded, to be used to simply charge a new toy for him...

He couldn't help but be just as anxious for it.

The thought of electricity coursing through that sensitive plate, all to please his Sensei was threatening to overload him.

 
-- He cried out when Genos suddenly surged up. Knocking them over. Saitama's knees pressed to his shoulders as he was laid out on his back.The cyborg pressed his hips against his backside tight...and then stopped.The toy humming and thrusting inside him; now hitting that bundle of nerves every time.“G-Genos!”“I can feel it still Sensei,” Genos purred as he leaned down to kiss his neck. “Your hole want to just pull it in fully. Wanting to be filled up. You love being stuffed don't you Sensei?”His mind was becoming fuzzy. He barely knew where the hell he was.“Use me Sensei. Use me up. Use me to fill you. I'll do anything for you.”“T-th-than h-hurry up and-ahn-oh god, t-touch me!” 



Chapter 7
Chapter Summary
Something that in the making...since I have yet to see anything with these two and this certain toy.



-A Long Night Ahead-or-What? We Have a Bag of Tricks Now?-   He did it because it was something he could feel. For once is his newly acquired powered life he was able to feel something.And he wasn't meaning emotionally either.Physically he couldn't feel. He built up such a resistance that he rarely noticed a simple touch. No hit, bite, or burn would have him flinch because he couldn't feel it.That is...on the outside.He never once thought that he might be sensitive on the inside. It never once crossed his mind. Why should it? Though it did make a little sense. They were still almost as resilient as his outside but they were able to feel more. He could tell when the tea was too hot. He can feel it when he would accidentally bite his tongue or the inside of his cheek, and the weird sensation of it healing soon after.He thought that it was just his mouth. It made sense.Then Genos.Honestly he should punch the brat. But he knew he couldn't. Not after everything. He had him start fell a bit emotionally. He was able to actually talk with people a bit. He actually was being social again. All because of Genos. The kid was making him realize that, he wasn't as inhuman as he thought he was.And of course HE'D be the one for him to realize he was more sensitive...in other places. – It did make him feel a bit bad whenever they'd get like this. Genos' arms wrapped around him tight as they pulled back. Their panting breathes mixing between them.No it wasn't the kissing that made him feel bad, it was--Genos started to kiss and bite down his neck.That.Because he couldn't feel it. He didn't have the heart to tell the kid. He watch enough things to know how he should probably be responding, but it just felt he was lying to him.“Sensei,” Genos nipped, and he forced a shudder.Metal finger tugged and pinched at the two points of flesh that were hidden under his sweater. Those didn't do much for him either.He arched his back some.Genos pulled back with a frown. “Sensei?”“W-why'd you stop?” It was a cliché line, but it seemed to always work.“...I can tell you aren't enjoying this.”Crap! – “Sensei--”“Hey no crying! We don't need that right now.”“B-but I...I'm--”Saitama sighed. “Listen, Genos..I didn't wanna tell you because I figured you do something like this. It's not your fault...I just...can't really feel on the outside.”Genos blinked. “On...the outside?”He nodded some. “Y-yeah. So it's totally not you. It me and my weird body.”“...Sensei can feel...on the inside though, right?”He could feel heat crawling up his neck. “Ah...y-yeah. T-though I didn't know until...well, thanks to you.”“I see...I will remember this Sensei.”“It's not a lesson dude.” – It seems Genos wasn't kidding when he said he'd remember it.Saitama almost kicked him out because of it too. But seriously how would anyone else feel if their roommate-turned-lover came in carrying a large bag with the neon lettering of a well known porn shop on it. Then proceed to pull out and explain each item...in grueling detail.He grabbed the nearest thing in reached and threw it at the cyborg, yelling at him to shut up.Genos caught it.The sting of ten shiny pearlescent beads, each one slightly bigger than the last.“Is this your choice for tonight Sensei?” – “It's swallowing it up so eagerly,” Genos said in near awe as he pushed the third bead in.“D-don't say stuff like that!” Seriously he did not need to have it narrated to him. A soft moan following his outburst as he felt the teen rub another against the twitching muscle.“I'm barely pushing and it's going in.”“W-what did I—oh shit, ah,” Saitama panted some. “What did I j-just say?”It felt weird...but so good. He could feel the tight poly strand that the beads were attached to, his hole clenching around it after each one was pushed in.“Two more Sensei,” Genos purred as he rested a cheek on his inner thigh. Gazing up at him with adoration and lust.Shifting some, a small noise escaped him as he felt those in him shift slightly. Fuck this was weird but it felt so good.The next one was bigger than the previous one. He could feel the pressure of it being pushing in, the muscles stretching and burning slightly.A hand shot down and gripped the base of his cock.“Sensei!” Genos exclaimed and moved to fast that he let go of the sting and was nearly face to face with Saitama. “Was that too much? Are you--”“Genos,” Saitama groaned some. “I'm fine...I...I didn't wanna come yet.”Shit he said that out loud. He could feel his face heating up. Good thing Genos seemed to get it and didn't need him to repeat it. “I understand. It is, alright if I continue? You have just one more to go.”He felt slightly mortified, all he could do was nod. The cyborg smiled and placed a soft kiss to him before sliding back down.The last one was the biggest one. It took a bit more force and lube before it full sunk in.Siatama felt his chest heaving as the feeling of being filled settled.Genos could only watch as the little hole worked around the string...every so often catching a flash of the pearlescent bead.It was too much.As soon as he thought he gotten use to it, he threw his head back as he felt his thighs being gripped harshly as something else push in.“GENOS!”Oh-oh hell! Oh fuck! White flashes were blurring his vision as he felt that pliant and very evil tongue work itself in along the beads.“Genos! Genos—fuck! No! I..I...shit, knock it off!”He didn't want to come yet, But it looked like the cyborg didn't care.The muscle twitched and spasmed around the added appendage. Then a shout. – “Forgive me Sensei,” Genos hung his head in shame as wisps of steam were still curling off of him.Saitama was still sprawled out on his back. An arm draped over his face, nose pressed into the crook of his elbow. He couldn't believe how fast he came. Dammit, it really was Genos that made him come.“You were just...too intoxicating. I couldn't resist,” the cyborg continued.“Genos...shut up and go on.”“Y-yes Sensei!”He couldn't help it. That heat that settled in the pit of his stomach wasn't fading.The small tug on the string, caused the beads to shift. Groaning softly he raised his hips some. – Genos licked his lips as he saw the bead slowly pull out, and the twitching hole trying its best to keep it in. The first was about half way out...before he used his thumb to push it back in...deeper this time. The little ring clenching around his thumb.“G-genos!?”“It doesn't want me to pull them out Sensei.”Slipping his thumb out he took a hold of the string again and pulled. The older man moan as the bead stretched him before popping out. Then the next one soon after.Gold eyes watched as the flaccid cock slowly filled with blood. Good, good. Sensei was enjoying it.The third bead popped out...Genos gripped the string a bit tighter. “Sensei...prepare yourself.”“F-for wha—OH GOD!”A rough tug and the remaining beads were pulled from him fast. His cock now standing and twitching. His breath hitched as he felt one bead begin inserted back in.Then another...And another...And another.“Sensei, only this for tonight. We'll only use this to stretch you tonight.”It was going to be a long night.  




Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



