



Femslash Yuletide 2014 - Bouzingo - Multifandom
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Femslash Yuletide 2014
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/2710688.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
F/F, Multi, Other
Fandom:
Marvel, DCU (Comics), Wicked - Schwartz/Holzman, The Importance of Being Earnest - Wilde, Young Avengers, Captain America (Movies), Thor (Movies), Batwoman (Comic), Edge of the Spider Verse, Marvel 65, Halt and Catch Fire
Relationship:
Jane Foster/Sif, Sharon Carter/Natasha Romanov, Kate Kane and Renee Montoya, Kate Bishop/America Chavez, Gwen Stacy/Mary Jane Watson, Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov, Diana (Wonder Woman)/Lois Lane, Carol Danvers/Jessica Drew, Sharon Carter/Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov, Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers (Mentioned), Peggy Carter/Hippolyta (Wonder Woman), Elphaba Thropp/Galinda Upland, Cecily Cardew/Gwendolen Fairfax, Jane Foster/Darcy Lewis, Donna Clark/Cameron Howe
Character:
Jane Foster (Marvel), Sharon Carter (Marvel), Sif (Marvel), Natasha Romanov, Kate Kane, Renee Montoya, Gwen Stacy, Mary Jane Watson, Maria Hill, Lois Lane, Diana (Wonder Woman), Carol Danvers, Jessica Drew, Hippolyta (Wonder Woman), Peggy Carter, Elphaba Thropp, Galinda Upland, Cecily Cardew, Gwendolen Fairfax, Darcy Lewis, Donna Clark, Cameron Howe
Additional Tags:
Femslash Yuletide 2014, Fluff, spider-gwen, Non-Binary MJ Watson, Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier, Sif as Thor, Pre-New 52, Trans Peggy Carter, Sharon as Captain America
Collections:
Femslash Yuletide 2014
Stats:

        Published: 2014-12-03
          Completed: 2014-12-25
          Chapters: 22/22
        Words: 5956
      

Femslash Yuletide 2014
by Bouzingo
Summary
My ficlets for Femslash Yuletide 2014.




Jane Foster/Lady Sif: Trimming the Tree



"How does one of your stature usually get the star to the top?" Sif asks with a wrinkled brow. She is dressed in the biggest Christmas sweater that the thrift store in Puente Antiguo could muster, a green and red affair with UFOs and snowmen on it. On her warrior’s frame, it is still a little small."Oh, usually I just put it on the highest branch I can reach," Jane says sheepishly, watching Sif daintily place the star on top of the tree. "Or I get a smaller tree.""I am glad we did not compromise this year," Sif says, tearing her eyes from the tree and fixing Jane with a smile that is the colour of the freshly fallen snow oustside. "I have trimmed your tree, Lady Jane.""Was that an innuendo?" Jane asks."I fear you take my frank demeanor for innuendo," Sif says. "I was not propositioning you. I merely wanted to remind you that you had promised me hot chocolate with whip after tree-trimming."It’s been seven months since Sif fell from the sky and proved through her mere existence that there were other worlds and wormholes and women Jane could ostensibly find attractive.So her type of lady was seven foot tall, with ageless blue eyes and endless stories to tell. Not even Darcy could blame her for thinking she was straight and impassive all these years."Do you miss home?" Jane asks. They’re standing over the stovetop together while Jane warms the milk for hot chocolate. Sif has managed to compress her impressive height and presence so she can wrap around Jane, head on her shoulder."A little," Sif says. "But this isn’t the longest I’ve been away. Once I was sent far afield for decades while the men in Asgard pulled their beards. ‘Twas chaos when I returned. I will of course, relish their desperate pleas for my return whensoever it is this time.""So you’re not worried?""I did not say that," Sif says, pushing Jane’s hair out of her face. "I am worried that I will be called away and will have to leave you on some foolish war far away, and that when I come back you will have found one of the exquisite ones of your race.""Unlikely," Jane scoffs, and sprinkles chocolate mix into the milk then stirs. "Nobody has impressed me like you have.""I’m glad," Sif says, and tilts Jane’s head so she can kiss her.



Sharon Carter/Natasha Romanov: Aunt Peggy's Gingerbread



It’s been a long December week, Sharon thinks glumly. Natasha went overseas a week ago to help a friend with ex-KGB business, and Sharon’s got cracked ribs and vicious bruising after an altercation with a perp that was more metahuman than she’d been led to believe. Steve drove her home from the hospital and made sure she was comfortable, and he’s in his apartment if she needs anything, but she’s still very lonely and sore.She falls asleep on the couch watching cartoons from her childhood, and wakes up to the smell of gingerbread that smells just like the way Aunt Peggy used to make it for Christmas.“Good morning,” Natasha says with a small smile, coming out of the kitchen. Sharon returns the smile and then sits up with a pained oof. Her ribs are still sore and her bruising still ugly, but that doesn’t seem to matter as much because Natasha is here, home at last.“When did you get in?” she asks quietly.“Late,” Natasha says. “I didn’t want to wake you, so I caught a few hours sleep and then started making cookies.”“I didn’t know you baked,” Sharon says.“I’m a woman with many secrets,” Natasha says. “Seriously, tell anyone, and you’ll know why they call me the Black Widow.”Sharon laughs, albeit tentatively, and Natasha sits on the couch with her, carding Sharon’s hair.“My aunt baked too,” Sharon says. “Though she didn’t mind people knowing. Your gingerbread smells exactly like hers.”“Whose recipe did you think I have?” Natasha says, chuckling.“You know Aunt Peggy?” Sharon says.“When I was younger,” Natasha says. “She used to come and see me when I was in SHIELD’s custody. She taught me how to bake when she visited. The gingerbread was special for Christmas, but I thought we could have it a little earlier.”“That sounds great,” Sharon says. “Thank you.” When Natasha kisses Sharon, it’s always a gentle and sweet affair. Mindful of Sharon’s ribs, Natasha leans in and smiles a bit when their lips connect. It occurs to Sharon that she hadn’t seen Natasha smile this much before they were dating.



Renee Montoya and Kate Kane: Rooftops



Sitting on the rooftop with Renee feels as natural as walking down the street with her, or holding her hand. Kate smiles, watching the stars and eating a sandwich she brought with her for her beat.“I think Gotham must have more chimeys per capita than any other city in this country,” Renee says, pulling up her mask and wrinkling her nose. “Smells like a cookout gone terribly wrong up here.”“I’m used to it,” Kate says. “Sandwich? It’s roast beef on rye. Figured since it’s the last day of Hanukkah, I’d have something special.”“Roast beef on rye is special?” Renee says. “Jesus, Kate. When was the last time you had a hot meal?”“Batwoman doesn’t carry thermoses around. Do you want a sandwich or not,” Kate says, proffering the slightly squashed sandwich. Renee takes it, and sits down with her.“It’s different up here,” Kate says. “More peaceful. But you haven’t told me why you came back to Gotham. Where you’ve been.”“Yeah,” Renee says. “I know. I’m sorry.”“I’ve missed you,” Kate says, like it’s some kind of awful admission. “I think Maggie’s missed you too.”There’s nothing really to say after that. They watch the stars together; see the Bat-signal flicker to life on the Gotham skyline.



Kate Bishop/America Chavez- Sledding



Bundled up in Kate’s purple poufy winter coat and matching hat, America looks disgruntled, cozy, and positively majestic. She surveys the summit of the sledding hill with a wrinkled brow and Kate almost laughs.“Can’t we go to dinner or something,” America says finally, “or a movie? That one about the archer girl is out.”“Sledding,” Kate says firmly. America sighs, and looks at the sled, a purple affair named Rosebud, of course. “Come on, Chavez, this is like the second-least dangerous thing we’ve ever done.”America sighs heavily, and then sighs again. When Kate pouts she sighs a third time.“Fine, princess,” she huffs. “Let’s do this before my resolve strengthens and I kick back to the sledless Alpha Quadrant.”“Aw yes,” Kate says. “You sit in the front and I’ll use your massive shoulders and back as a shield from the weather and the snow dune we inevitably sail into.”And being cold and wet and buried in a snow dune is not as bad because Kate is laughing and collapsed on top of her.“We gotta do that again. We should film it,” Kate says, still giggling.“Absolutely not,” America says bluntly, but can’t help smiling when Kate kisses her on the frozen nose.



Gwen Stacy/MJ Watson- Greeting Cards (Spider-Gwen!Verse)



Gwen feels her lips migrate to the left side of her face while she tries to tastefully apply glitter to the card. In retrospect, glitter is not something that is applied tastefully.“MJ, why,” she finally whines. “Whyyyy.”“Oh my god, Gwendolyn,” MJ says, looking up from tuning xyr guitar. “Why don’t you just buy one from the store?”“Why don’t we just become an Aero Smith cover band,” Gwen retorts.“That’s low.”MJ comes over to the table Gwen has co-opted as the crafts table. The card says MERRY CHRISTMAS TO THE AWESOMEST FRONTPERSON AROUND and the glitter is already way too much.“I like it. Subtle,” MJ says. “Maybe more Lisa Frank stickers. Then I’ll have to put it in the middle of the mantelpiece.”“Stop teasing me,” Gwen says. “I don’t know about art and stuff.”“Whatever you give me is going to be awesome,” MJ promises.“You said it has to be perfect,” Gwen says, eyes widening. “I’ve been working my butt off for the last two hours trying to make it perfect.”“Don’t you know that whatever you make is perfect?” MJ grins.MJ gets a tube of glitter in xyr hair, and a totally Lisa Franked Christmas card. Xe still looks like xe won.



Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov: Third Date



The café in the south of France is small and smells like pastry. Natasha, her hair dyed black and her skin a little freckled from the sun, sits on the patio with two coffees. Maria sits with her, pulling her flowing green sundress to her knees and hoping she looks all right. It’s been a while."How’s your shoulder?" Maria asks."Fine," Natasha says, stirring in two sugars in her coffee. "Sore most days."Her ruffled white blouse covers her shoulder, the star-shaped scar that must be there. Natasha’s frown is nearly imperceptible."It’s not my fault you got shot," Maria says frankly. "And I already apologized for not letting you know about Nick.""That’s not something an apology over the phone makes better," Natasha says, looking up from her coffee, eyes narrowed. "Especially when I’m on the run and sore from getting shot and electrocuted."She sighs, and adds another sugar cube to her coffee."That’s not even why… I guess I thought you’d trust me more," she admits. "We were dating.""Two dates is hardly dating," Maria says. "I had to entertain the notion you were trying to get to Fury through me."Natasha nods."I would have done the same," she says. "But it’s been two months and I’ve let you know where I’ve been so you could ask me out again. And you haven’t."That stuns Maria. They sit there in silence, drinking their coffee. The waiter brings a couple of croissants and Natasha smiles, muttering a couple of instructions in German-accented French. Every language she learns has a different accent."It’s best to eat croissants while they’re still warm," Natasha says flatly. "And this does not constitute a date.""How about I take you to Paris tonight," Maria says. Natasha’s small smile is worth it.



Jane Foster/Lady Sif: Exchanging Gifts



“I can’t take this!” Jane says, staring at the navy dress that looks like it has stars woven into it. Sif looks crestfallen.“Why not?” she asks. “I was told by the woman whose house of fashion I went to that it would be more than suitable for evening wear.”“It’s gorgeous, it’s just…” Jane trails off, running her fingers through the shimmery fabric. “What’s the material?”“I thought you would enjoy that particular aspect!” Sif says. “It is starhelm from Nidavellir. It is very finely hammered metal from the dwarves’ skymines, that is very soft and capable of being cut, dyed, and styled. The dwarven queens are the only ones who are privy to the clothes one makes of starhelm. So I told them I had a dwarven queen of my own.”“Are you calling me short?” Jane says, blushing deep.“I’m calling you a queen,” Sif says. “Who I tower over.”Jane blushes deeper, and carefully puts the dress back. It will be perfect for the next social at whatever Ivy League university she’s been invited to speak at next.“I got you something too,” she says, and pulls a lumpy package from under the couch. “I know that we’ve been having trouble finding sweaters that fit, so I gave my mom in England your measurements.”Sif is overjoyed with the Fair Isle monstrosity that Mrs. Foster sent all the way from London and pulls it on right away. Jane puts on the starhelm dress and they watch It’s A Wonderful Life on television that way.



Lois Lane/Diana Prince: Holiday Drinks



“Jesus, that’s strong,” Lois says, staring at the cup she’s been handed. Princess Diana laughs, her nose an adorable shade of red and nearly offsetting how regal she looks, even tipsy. Agreeing to go to Themysciran New Years’ for an interest piece on Amazonian culture is probably one of the best decisions Lois has made in a while. “It’s the New Years brew. Don’t drink if it interferes with your journalistic duties,” she says, “I would hate it if everyone thought we were in a state of perpetual orgy year-round.” “I’m fairly sure that no matter what I write down, people will continue to think that,” Lois says. “On the subject of orgies…” “Only a few a year. And they’re very well-organized,” Diana says. Lois chokes on the sip of alcohol she had managed, and Diana laughs again. Her laugh is very beautiful. At UN conferences and during fights with alien invaders, Wonder Woman isn’t really known to laugh, and seeing her like this, without the crown or the gauntlets, feels like a privilege. She can see the headlines now; How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bombshell. She’s better than that. She is an esteemed reporter. “Ms Lane, come dance with me,” Diana says, pulling Lois to a dance circle around a giant fire. Lois hesitates, a thousand objections at her lips, then shrugs and kicks off her shoes.



Sharon Carter/Natasha Romanov: Oranges and Fancy Coffee



Sharon likes oranges in the winter. It’s leftovers from when her aunt would visit at Christmastime and bring a giant crate of clementines with her. And a clementine or two in her bagged lunch generally brightens it up.“Your lunch always looks so good,” Agent Romanov says, sitting down beside Sharon. She has fresh stitches on her cheek and her eye is a little swollen. She still pulls it off, somehow.“Mission gone bad?” Sharon says.“Oh yeah,” Natasha laughs, and starts unwrapping a sad sandwich that obviously came from the vending machine in the break room. Sharon doesn’t think that she’s ever seen Natasha bring something from home. “Nothing good ever came out of Portland. Well, that’s not true. I got paid leave for a few days.”“Nice. My next vacation’s Christmas,” Sharon says. The twenty-fifth’s a month from now but it feels like an eternity, especially in between assignments and surrounded by paperwork.Natasha has retrieved an icepack from the freezer and holds it gingerly to her face. Sharon swallows, stares at her half-peeled orange because Natasha Romanov is really cute. Natasha Romanov meets her gaze coolly, and raises an eyebrow.“Is there something you wanted to ask, Agent?” she prompts.“Do you…” Sharon asks, pausing for a second and then barreling through. “Do you think we could go for coffee?”“Like… fancy coffee? Or break room coffee,” Natasha says. “Because I’m theoretically down for both.”“Fancy coffee,” Sharon says, and makes an offended sound when Natasha steals the other orange in her lunch. “Hey!”“I’ll buy you a banana loaf,” Natasha grins, “at fancy coffee.”



Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov: Old Traditions



Holidays were never a big deal for Natasha, who grew up without traditions and then watched Clint set up Christmas trees with some bemusement some years after coming to America.So when Maria tells her that she doesn’t really do gift-giving in December their first winter together, Natasha is more or less okay with it. Part of her feels though, that maybe this is Maria trying to accommodate her at the expense of her own enjoyment of the holiday season.“What do you do for Christmas, though?” she asks.“Stay home. Watch some football, if it’s on,” Maria smiles. “Order out?”“That sounds like a pretty amazing Christmas,” Natasha says.Natasha knows that Maria’s mother is important to her, even if she never knew her. There’s a little shrine to Maria’s mother in her apartment, which had a few wilting marigolds on it for the first days of November and stays clean and well-kept, even when Maria doesn’t have the spoons to clean the rest of the place.It makes sense that on Christmas, Maria lights a little candle on the shrine and says a couple prayers before settling in with Natasha for football and Chinese takeout.“Hey, a couple weeks from now…” Maria starts, and then laughs a little, “I’m not sure if you know aboutDía de los Reyes, but if you wanted to do a gift exchange thing then, that would be nice. Call me old-fashioned, but I prefer it then because then it doesn’t feel like an obligation. And January needs it more.”“Okay,” Natasha says. Her smiles are still slow to come, but it feels good to smile with Maria.



Carol Danvers/Jessica Drew: Space Chocolate



“I feel gross,” Jess says from a pile of blankets one morning. “I think it’s my period, but it could be an alien incubating in my womb and ready to come out. You ready to come out lil guy?”“Are you all right?” Carol asks. “I think I have ibuprofen on the flight deck.”“I need a whole bushel of chocolate,” Jess moans. “Like, maybe two bushels. I don’t even know what a bushel is. Are periods worse in space?”“I don’t think so,” Carol says.“Okay. Is there chocolate in space?”“There’s chocolate in the flight deck,” Carol says. “Or something like it.”“I will accept NO substitutions,” Jess groans, and burrows deeper in her blankets. “At least I won’t get up for any substitutions.”Carol sighs and leaves momentarily, coming back to their quarters with a couple of packaged bars very much like chocolate with weird writing on them.“They have a bit of a raspberry taste,” Carol says apologetically, “but apart from that they’re a dead ringer for chocolate. Sorry you feel sick.”“I’ll shake it. I just want to wallow for a bit,” Jessica says, opening a window and looking out to the galaxy that they’re slingshotting. “Hard to wallow when the girlfriend takes you for a New Year’s cruise in her spaceship, though.”Carol grins goofy, because even in space it’s awesome when Jess calls her the girlfriend.“You hang tight, Spider-Lady,” she says. “And eat your space chocolate. We’re coming up on the loveliest lunar system you’ll ever see.”



Sharon Carter/Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov: Twelve Day Trial



“You two’ve been given me looks since Natasha came back from that mission,” Sharon says, crossing her arms and looking from Maria to Natasha, who both look equally sheepish. “If you were going to ask me something, you should ask it before I go on holiday.” Maria looks at Natasha, who shrugs exagerratedly, and then looks back at Sharon. “We’ve been thinking,” Maria says. “And you don’t have to say yes, but… when do you go on holiday?” “In twelve days,” Sharon says. “We want to try a sort of a trial run,” Natasha says. “Me and Maria have had a good thing going, and we thought you’d like to join.” “Like a threesome?” Sharon says, raising an eyebrow. “We couldn’t remember if you were dating Steve or not,” Maria says awkwardly. “Sort of. It’s an on-off thing,” Sharon says. “I’m ready for a change. This would be a nice change. So what does a trial run consist of?” “We can start with a date, see where it goes from there,” Natasha says. “Maria likes karaoke. We don’t go that often because I can’t hold a note.” The karaoke bar is small, garishly lit, and absolutely perfect. Natasha orders a straight vodka, and smiles when Maria goes up to the tiny stage and puts on a track. “So you sit and watch her sing?” Sharon asks. “No, I sit and get drunk enough to join her,” Natasha says. “Takes me a while. What about you?” “I’m a really cheap date,” Sharon says. “A couple shots and then I’m pretty uninhibited.” “Pretty convenient for karaoke night,” Natasha says. Indeed it isn’t long before Sharon’s giggling a little on the stage and singing a Dixie Chicks song with Maria. “This is so weird,” Sharon says. Her nose is red and she knows because it’s burning. “I guess I don’t really know you that well, Commander Hill.” “There’ll be plenty of time for you to learn more,” Maria says, booping Sharon on the nose. “Let’s go needle Natasha until she caves and buys us drinks. Or goes to sing a song.” “Yeah!” Sharon says. Natasha singing is an experience that Sharon is going to catalogue away into her forever memories. It is right up there with Steve dancing and Nick Fury with kittens. “This is the best thing that’s ever happened to me,” Sharon says when Natasha joins them, ordering another round of shots. “Of course, now that you’ve seen me sing, you know I can’t let you live,” Natasha says very seriously. “Let’s go home. You’re drunk.” “You’re drunk,” Sharon says. “Let’s go to your place. Steve’ll have a conniption if he sees us all going in together.” “Well, that would be kind of fun,” Maria says. Natasha rolls her eyes. “You’ve been surveilling Steve for how long and you think he’d be scandalized by a whiff of polyamory? Please,” she says. “He’d probably order us a pizza with bottled water once he thought we were done.” “He is pretty neighborly,” Sharon concedes. “Let’s go to our place,” Maria says. “I’m not sure I’m ready for Rogers to order us pizza to congratulate us on our sex.” “But sex is definitely happening,” Sharon says, feeling a little dizzy. “Not when you’re this drunk,” Natasha says after exchanging a glance with Maria. “Or ever, if that’s not your thing. We could cuddle, eat cake?” “I love cuddling,” Sharon says, and smiles when Maria helps her up. She does have twelve days left to figure out if and how all this works.



Gwen Stacy/MJ Watson- Roasting Marshmallows (Spider-Gwen)



Sitting on the roof of MJ’s apartment building after their first sort of legit gig and roasting marshmallows over a rickety barbeque is pretty great, Gwen figures. MJ has a huge bag of them, and Gwen brought the graham crackers.The winter’s already pretty cold in New York, but the heat from the barbeque and the MJ’s nose is really cute and red in this temperature. It’s night like these that Gwen wants to tell MJ everything; about Peter, about the Spider-Woman, about why she was really kicked out of her house.MJ says that she thinks too loud. Gwen tries to think quieter, tries to focus on the present and the music and the marshmallows, but at the same time she can hear sirens wailing and her sixth sense goes off like little shivers in her spine.“Hey, let’s go inside. You’re getting twitchy again,” MJ says, xir brow scrunching.“I’m not twitchy,” Gwen says, “just distracted.”“You got marshmallow guts all over your fingers and I don’t think you’ve noticed,” MJ points out. Gwen looks down and blushes. “Mom’s got Ovaltine and hamendasch. We can come back later if we feel like it.”Gwen welcomes MJ’s hands on her shoulders, guiding her back inside, before the worst of the sirens.



Hippolyta/Peggy Carter: Shakespeare



“When I was in school, we had to memorize the forgeries of jealousy speech, from Shakespeare’s Dream,” Peggy says. “When I saw it, after we studied the play, the actress playing Titania also played Hippolyta.”“I am familiar with the play,” Hippolyta says. “How do I measure up to my portrayal?”“She is only a ghost. You seem freer,” Peggy smiles.Liaising with the Amazon division from some undisclosed Hellenic island has been one of the most enriching experiences she has yet had in this war. Hippolyta, one of the first women that Peggy met who was taller than she was with heels, is beautiful, brave, and funny. Peggy is reminded of the knights in Shakespeare, carefree and jolly.Indeed there is something Shakespearean of Hippolyta, something that imbues Peggy with the same quality. She always considered herself mousy before, didn’t mind as long as people looked at her and saw a woman.Under Hippolyta’s command she can flourish, she can wear the lipstick she was jealous of in other women. She has learned that to fight and to be good at it and to have scars from it is not to be manly. It’s a peace within herself she’s not sure that she would have found for herself without the Amazon division.It is always a relief to shed the clothes of battle and then bathe, and the Amazons have refined it to an art. Sweet-smelling water warmed in large metal drums and scented with plants Peggy can’t place despite her not-small knowledge of aromatics is set out for the women, with cloth and soap on small tables. It seems no matter how squalid their surroundings may otherwise be, the Amazon women have these drums of water at their disposal.This is the first time Peggy’s been able to be shirtless around people of any sex, but particularly women. There are several other Amazons who have flat chests like hers, scars long and fat alike and brave beautiful smiles nonetheless.Hippolyta may be a queen, but she bathes with her soldiers. Peggy values that camaraderie in a commanding officer, is smitten when she sees it in a queen. It is the first time she has let herself love a woman in this manner, and if it never goes beyond an unspoken crush then she can certainly live with it.“Themyscira’s book of Shakespeare is very, very old,” Hippolyta says. “When we are next in London, I should endeavor to get a new copy for our library. It will certainly remind us of our courageous and lovely liaison from Britain.”Peggy blushes, looks away, finds herself reaching for her shirt.“I’m going to relieve Adonia from watch duty,” she says. “Queen Hippolyta. Thank you.”



Elphaba/Glinda: Red and Green



“Are you sure you’re going to wear red?” Elphaba asks, clearly uncomfortable. “If we’re going together, I mean.”“I wear what I please, and red is the colour of revolution, is it not?” Glinda says cheerfully.She does look good in the black slacks and the red jacket, as though she wouldn’t, and the red lipstick sets off her skin. Elphaba’s just worried it will also set off hers. Glinda sees her face and sighs.“Elphie, do you really think people won’t care what you have to say because you and I clash,” she promises. “In fact, I’m going to make sure we match.”That’s how Elphaba goes to the meeting wearing a big red flower in her hair and Glinda wearing a green belt around her smart red jacket.



Sharon Carter/Natasha Romanov: Family Photo (Sharon as Captain America, Different Avengers Lineup)



“Miss Romanov! This way for the Times!” someone yells, and Natasha, with a split lip and a black eye, manages to turn before she falls flat on her face. She deserves a nap.It’s a good picture, all in all; Natasha looks at least pretty cool with the alien gun in her hand and haloed by a bluish green light and Sharon’s profile in the Cap Suit is instantly iconic. Monica and Carol are just overhead, putting out a fire. Thor is standing off to the side with a tiny Janet on his shoulder, about to crack a smile at something Sam said. They’re all covered in battle dirt. Natasha folds the newspaper with a happy sigh and puts it on the table beside the hospital bed.“Sam’s already put his copy in a photo album,” Sharon says, fiddling with the shield, “like we’re some kind of family.”“The Avengers need to be a family,” Natasha says, rubbing her head. The doctors said concussion and she believes them. It’s been a while since anything jostled her hard enough to get her native accent back. “Steve knew that, and if Stark’s hands off, then he knows it too. Family sticks together.”It’s a weird position that she’s in. Apart from Thor, who’s been off-Earth most of this time, Natasha is the only one who’s been on the Avengers since it was her and five guys who couldn’t agree. Now they’re a team, not funded by SHIELD or Stark, and it feels better, but it also feels strange.Especially strange since Sharon kissed her, when she was shielding them from the explosion and terrified that she was going to be the second to die in Captain America’s mantle.“You kissed me,” Natasha says. “In the heat of battle. Like in movies.”“I’m sorry,” Sharon says. “I thought I might not get a chance later.”Natasha smiles, winces when her lip stretches too much, and sinks into the bed.“You’ll get plenty of chances,” she promises. “You kiss well, even under fire.”



Cecily Cardew/Gwendolen Fairfax: Home for the Holidays



“I fear it is almost expected to long for home over Christmas,” Cecily Cardew says with a tinge of regret while she and Gwendolen make Christmas wreaths.“Oh, I never long for home,” Gwendolen says. “Christmas in London is an altogether dreadful affair, and I assure you Christmas in London with family even more so. Better to cut our losses and stay in Paris, as we did.”Indeed, outside their hotel window a slight flurry of pink snow begins to fall, and many many candles are lit. Cecily smiles, and then looks back at Gwendolen, who is trying on the wreath of poinsettias in the mirror.“We should extend our Christmas holiday. Everyone else is going to stay until Easter,” she says with a pout.“To stay in Paris any longer than the passing of a New Year becomes nothing short of a pilgrimage and a chore,” Gwendolen says. “I would love to go back to London while everyone stays here and relish the blessed moments of quiet.”“You only crave quiet so you can break it by being witty,” Cecily says. “I hope you didn’t think I would be oblivious forever!”“Surely we must return to London for Lent. To stay in the city of pleasure only to abstain is downright nonsensical,” Gwendolen proposes, and sets the crown on Cecily’s head. “My dearest Cecily, we shall return to Paris for Easter, and I daresay we may never come back after. And then next Christmas, we can stay in this room and gripe about how tedious it is to be home for the holidays.”“Seal that contract with a kiss, Lady Fairfax, and I might find it in myself to believe you,” Cecily says with a blush that starts on her nose. Gwendolen’s kiss starts there too.



Kate Bishop/America Chavez: Stars



“Moon picnics are categorically the best,” Kate says, looking up at the sky. “Especially forest moons.”Indeed, the stars are nearly covered by the canopy of forest, but the trees themselves are silvery and glint in the night, and Kate and America can see the planet that they’re circling. In the distance, there’s music celebrating this system’s solstice; soon the people will be able to return to their planet, which is plunged into darkness for three months and grows deathly cold.The party was intense and certainly not all-ages, and America and Kate eventually ran to the forest, giggling and red-nosed and Kate tracing constellations on America’s nose. She loves how America giggles when she’s a little tipsy, loves how easy it is to convince her to lie down on the ground and watch stars move at their non-quantifiable paces.“After this we should go back to Earth,” America says. “Stay there for a couple weeks. Then I was thinking we could come back here for the spring. The locals tell me it’s beautiful.”“I’d like that,” Kate says.



Jane Foster/Darcy Lewis: Making Ornaments



Darcy likes to crochet tight little granny squares and doilies that she then glues to Christmas ornaments with glitter glue. It’s something that she saw on Pinterest, and even Jane will concede that it actually looks kind of nice on their tiny plastic tree.“Hey Jane,” Darcy says. “You know it’s been like four months since you started looking for whatever it is you’re looking for, and I’ve totally failed all my exams, but I still think that this semester hasn’t been a total loss.”“You’re really sweet, Darcy,” Jane says, taking another sip from her black coffee and staring harder at her calculations. “You should write Hallmark cards.”Darcy snorts, and pulls out a sparkly ball of yarn that catches Jane’s eye.“I mean on a personal level. If I hadn’t taken that internship here, I wouldn’t have met you, and I wouldn’t have found out how cool the sky is. You know I incorporated some of the stuff you said about quantum bridges into my paper about John Locke? Legit. I didn’t fail that paper.”Jane’s calculations are starting to flipflop before her eyes, and even with her heavy duty reading glasses, they’re blurring.“Hey, Jane,” Darcy says, putting down her crochet hook and yarn. “You need to sleep.”“Teach me how to crochet,” Jane says, alarmed at how her words are slurring.“Later, Doc, right now it’s time to hit the flannel nest of coziness,” Darcy says. She is physically taking the papers away from Jane, and Jane is grateful. “Come on baby, let’s go.”“’M not your baby,” Jane protests quietly, and leans into Darcy’s hand carding her hair.“Of course I’m not,” Darcy smiles, and Jane is asleep before she even hits the bed.



Cameron Howe/Donna Clark: Office Parties



“I hate these things,” Cameron says, drinking her punch and looking up at the cruddy Christmas lights that decorate the offices of Cardiff Electric. Donna smiles.“You don’t like parties?”Cameron smirks.“I’d like them more if there was more alcohol. Maybe less people from work,” she says.Donna laughs, a nourishing sound from the cavity of her chest. Cameron smiles in reciprocity, and offers Donna her flask.“For your punch,” she explains.“I know what that’s for,” Donna scoffs. “I’m married with kids, not completely oblivious.”There’s just a bit of a buzz from the spiked punch. Cameron’s face turns a bit blotchy from the weird office heat and the alcohol.“I like parties a lot,” she admits. “Even awful Christmas parties where I work.”“That’s the spirit,” Donna says, and pulls out her own flask.



Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov: Sleeplessness



She’s only been dating Maria for a couple weeks, but Natasha feels like she should have seen Maria fall asleep at some point since they started. But Maria is always awake and alert, working on forms or her computer and drinking some tea. She’ll smile when she sees Natasha squint against the blue light of her computer, and pet her hair until she falls asleep. Maria is the only one who gets to pet Natasha.“So, where do you keep them?” Natasha asks one morning. She’s midway through her second coffee, and considering a bit of alcohol to put in it while Maria is fresh from her run and making waffles.“Keep what?”“Whatever you’re taking to stay awake and functional all the time. You have a bed, but I’ve never seen you use it.”“We seem to use it plenty,” Maria says with a smile that nearly makes Natasha blush.“For sleeping, Maria,” she reiterates. “When do you sleep?”“Whenever I can catch a couple winks,” Maria shrugs, and Natasha doesn’t pursue the subject after that. It seems to her that Maria dreads sleep, doesn’t like the idea of missing something while she’s under.They’re on a plane to Sydney, first class, when it happens. Maria gets very quiet, very still, and then she’s out like a light on Natasha’s shoulder. Natasha takes a couple of selfies with her, with a bright smile.When Maria rouses, they’ve just landed in Sydney and she stretches comfortably.“Something about planes just knocks me out,” she says, and looks at Natasha. “You took a picture didn’t you?”“Yes,” Natasha says.“You are such a child,” Maria says, and stands up to get their carryon luggage. “I hope you packed for the opera.”



Maria Hill/Lady of Your Choice: Resolutions



Maria does resolutions every year, writes them down on fancy stationary and pins them on the fridge so she sees them every morning after her run and before her protein shake. 2014’s resolutions had been:Work harder
Eat healthier
Trust nobody
This year they are:Take more breaks
Eat better
You can trust her with your life





Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



