



Find Me - Little_Dimples - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Find Me
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/9812675.
  


Rating:
General Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Park Jimin
Character:
Park Jimin (BTS), Park Jihyun, Kim Taehyung | V, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Kim Seokjin | Jin, Min Yoongi | Suga, Jeon Jungkook, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope
Additional Tags:
Cute, Fluff, No smut sadly, Friendship, bottom!jimin, Top!Jungkook, Bottom Jimin, actors/singers, Alternate Universe - Modern Setting, A bit of angst ?, not even like a sentence of it, Comedy, Romance
Stats:

        Published: 2017-02-18
        Words: 12965
      

Find Me
by Little_Dimples
Summary
Jungkook is a singer and Jimin is a low rate actor who stars in his music video. Jungkook is infatuated with Jimin and wants to know more about him but it's hard to find Jimin when he's a second to none actor.



Find Me

______________________________________Being a actor in South Korea was nothing special. But being a wide known actor, a face that many got to see and love, that's what many low rate actors strived to be. They were usually nothing though, background characters, classmates, the friend of the bully or supporting role that didn't do much but push the little plot further. It would be great to star in something big. That's what Jimin dreamed of. He was so low of an actor that he needed a part time job to help him go by. Jimin had big dreams when he was younger. It seemed his parents did as well because they let him do anything he wanted and whatever he excelled in, they pushed him further. At first he wanted to dance. So he did. Contemporary, ballet, hip hop were just a few he specialized in. But then he wanted to sing. And he could sing but he didn't know if the idol life was for him so he chose acting. Acting was hard.  Jimin was naturally shy but he learned to not fear the camera. To get into the mindset of the character and just forget about being himself for a moment. So Jimin graduated acting school and debuted as a actor.The company he was signed to wasn't that big but he knew a few names that came from it that made it to the top and he wish he could follow them. Jimin thinks the best roll he got so far was a grocery store worker. Times were hard though. And with the lack of calls Jimin was getting from his manager, he knew he had to get another part time job soon."Why don't you live with me ?" It was Kim Taehyung, Jimin's best friend. Taehyung was an actor too but unlike Jimin, he was successful. "I can't do that Tae..." Jimin said as he buried himself in Taehyung's couch. "You know I wouldn't mind. You won't even have to pay much." Taehyung said and Jimin scowled at that."See I'll feel like a free loader." Jimin said. "I can't do that.""You can, you're just stubborn." Taehyung said looking at the small boy next to him. They were in Taehyung's flat which was in uptown Seoul. It overlooked the city and felt like a true actors house filled with awards, plush fancy furniture and a giant picture of Taehyung hanging on one of his walls. It was nice and sometimes Jimin came here just to get away from his crap place of an apartment."I just need to act you know ? I didn't think it would be this hard. Maybe I should have just stuck with dancing." Jimin said as he pulled a pillow into his lap and hugged it."Uh no." Taehyung said. "No no no, no self pity in this house." "Sorry." Jimin said burying his head in the pillow. He wasn't surprised when Taehyung wrapped an arm around his shoulder and pulled him close."Live with me. We can both find you a role." Taehyung said."Tae..." Jimin started."I'm serious. It's lonely here you know ? It would be nice to come home and know someone is there as well." Taehyung said, hand rubbing Jimin's arm."You would do that ?" Jimin asked looking up at the taller."Jimin-ah, we aren't bros for nothing. We haven't suffered in acting school together for nothing. We are young. Only twenty one. Company's need actors like us. Who else is going to play the good guy, the best friend, the second male lead, hell the male lead. We will find you something Ji." Taehyung said."I won't live here for free you know that ?" Jimin said after a moment of silence."I know.""And...and I won't be in your spotlight okay ? If I'm going to rise, I need to learn how to fly on my own." Jimin said and Taehyung laughed. "That was deep. But I understand Jimin-ah. They don't make face masks for nothing. This will be all you. I'll just help you search." Taehyung said and Jimin sighed."I should go. Guess I'll start packing now." Jimin said and Taehyung nodded."Be safe.""Ahh." Jimin hummed as he got up to put his shoes and coat on. Jimin put on his face mask and hat and Taehyung patted his head."Text me when you get home bestie." Taehyung said and Jimin."If I die I left you a gift. You'll just have to find it." Jimin said and Taehyung whined."Don't tell me that. I'll actually start looking." Jimin laughed as he waved goodbye. He got on the elevator and sighed. Taehyung was such a nice friend. If the younger was lonely he should have said something. Jimin gets lonely too..Moving into Taehyung's didn't take long. Jimin didn't have a lot to pack and he should his furniture that he wasn't going to use which was a plus because yay more money. Taehyung greeted him with open arms as he rang his door bell with a cart full of bags and other items that he packed."Why didn't you tell me to come help ?" Taehyung asked as he began grabbing bags."You have like a group of girls looking for you around the corner. They haven't found your house yet but I'm pretty sure if you stepped outside they would have smelled you." Jimin said as he put his shoes next to Taehyung's. "You're right. Maybe we both should move. Let's move back down south. I'm tired of being a Seoullete." Taehyung said as they both walked to Jimin's new room. Taehyung had already a bed and furniture in it as it was a guest room but not anymore."Okay let me call my mom to tell her I'm giving up on my dreams." Taehyung rolled his eyes at Jimin's statement. They had finally put all his stuff inside his room and Taehyung flopped on the bed as he watched Jimin began putting his clothes in the closet and dresser. Once Jimin was mostly done unpacking, Taehyung told him to take a break so they could eat. They ordered Chinese and soon they were at Taehyung's table eating."We can start looking tonight. I'll call up a few people I know and you do the same." Taehyung said and Jimin faltered. "What ?" Taehyung asked."I think something's wrong with me but I don't have any actor friends." Jimin said."Well you know people in the music industry and that could help. They could know someone." Taehyung said and Jimin nodded.They got to work after they were finished eating. They sat in Taehyung's...or well their living room now and began calling people."Bogum-hyung hey !" Taehyung said happily and Jimin sighed as he scrolled through his contacts."Mom...Dad....Little bro....cousin....aunty....cousin....manger...ah." Jimin parked up a bit as he finally found someone. Pressing their name he put his phone to his ear."Hello ?""Hobi-hyung !" Jimin said and the person on the other line laughed."Jimin-ah it's been a while." The older said."I know that's mostly my fault but Hoseok-hyung I need your help." Jimin said getting straight to the point."What's wrong ? Do you need money ?" Hoseok asked then gasped. "Did you borrow money and now the gang leader sent his minions out to collect and you're in hiding ?" "Hahaha no hyung nothing like that." Jimin giggled. "I wanted to know if you know any directors or someone who needs an actor. I'm kinda low on jobs." Jimin said shyly."Oh I see. Hmm, I'll see what I can do. I might know a few people from the videos I've choreographed." Hoseok said and Jimin hummed. "While I look into that how are you ?" "Good. I moved in with Tae-Tae." Jimin said."Really ? You two together must be fun. Maybe I'll visit. I haven't seen you in a while and I kinda miss Taehyung-ah too." Hoseok said and Jimin giggled."Just let me know when. I'm sure Taehyung-ah won't mind." Jimin said."I'll let you know and I'll also let you know when something comes up." Hoseok said."Thank you so much hyung. I'll talk to you another time." Jimin said before hanging up. He looked over at Taehyung who just hung up his phone call."Nothing so far but I won't give up." Taehyung said and Jimin smiled. Again he was reminded how good of a friend Taehyung was.It was a week later when Jimin was just about to give up when Taehyung burst into his room."Park Jimin !" He shouted, jumping on the smaller who laid in his bed."What ?" Jimin asked as he shoved Taehyung off of him."I got a call." Taehyung said. "From Minjae-yah who's manager said there's a director who's looking for an actor for a music video." "Really ?" Jimin asked."Yes so Minjae-yah told him about you and the director should be calling you sometime this weekend to go over things." Taehyung said grinning and Jimin shouted."Oh my god !" Jimin said."I know !" Taehyung said back in equal excitement. They hugged each other before breaking apart."I'm nervous." Jimin said honest."You got this my friend." Taehyung said."Who's music video is it anyway ?" Jimin asked and Taehyung grinned."You'll find out.".Jimin was now twisting his hands nervously as his manager was driving him to some high end company. As they pulled up his manager gave him a smile."Win them over Jimin-ah. You deserve to act so do your best." His manager said as they got out the car. They walked inside the building and was greeted by the woman at the front desk. After being told where to go they were in the elevator. It went up about four floors before they were directed into a office.Both men bowed as they greeted the director."So you're Park Jimin-ssi right ? I looked at your profile and you were one of the few in your school who excelled in many talents including acting." The director said and Jimin tried not to blush as the praise."Yes sir. I did dancing and singing but acting called to me." Jimin said."You won't have to sing here Jimin-ssi that's what the artist is for. We just want you to act." The director said and Jimin nodded. That's what he was here for."Before you begin agreeing, let me tell you what you're working with." The director then handed Jimin a file. Jimin opened, his manager peaking over his shoulder to see."The artist you will be working with is Jeon Jungkook." The director said and Jimin paused. Did he just say Jeon Jungkook ?"The Jeon Jungkook ?" Jimin asked and the director nodded."His company contacted me to direct his upcoming albums first video. We wanted this one to be a bit different from the normal female lead actor by having a male lead actor." The director said. "Wow." Jimin said as he read the plot. "It is new.""Do you think you can do it ?" The director said as Jimin closed the file."Of course." He needed to do it. "Then sign here. We will begin filming next week.".Jeon Jungkook was living the dream. He was nineteen year old superstar. He took South Korea by a storm three years ago singing his debut song "Start". Three years later and he rose so much. He was famous in Korea and even internationally. He did tours and concerts and fan signs, the whole package. Jungkook was a idol. He sang, he danced, he was good at sports and naturally a winner. They nickname him "Korea's Golden son." He was all of that but Jungkook was still a kid. He was barely nineteen and still in high school. He was still shy offstage, and though he wasn't awkward with the camera, seeing his fans with them made him nervous and happy at the same time. "Jungkook-ah, you're recording your music video, are you ready ? You've been out of the spot light for a couple months." It was Jungkook's manager."I'm excited. I miss my fans and the stage. They'll have to wait a couple weeks before the video is out." Jungkook said. They were driving to the set of said video."This song is great. And you'll like the theme of the video. It fits it perfectly." His manager said, reassuring him and Jungkook nodded. They got out the car as they were at some building. The set was inside and Jungkook watched his manager press the elevator button to the basement floor level.As they stepped out they were greeting with people rushing around trying to put last minuet touches to the set."Ahh Jungkook-ssi, it's nice to meet you again." The director greeted and Jungkook bowed."How have you been sir ?" Jungkook asked."Great. We found your male lead and he has been with the staff preparing. We were hoping you would come early so you two can get aquatinted. We don't want the acting to look awkward now do we ?" The director said as he pulled them past the set to a room. Inside was a guy and two girls. They were all talking silently but looked up immediately as Jungkook's manager shut the door."Jimin-ssi I'm sure you know who this is. We are going to let you guys get to know each other then proceed with makeup and filming." The director excused himself and now it was just Jungkook and the boy."Your name's Jimin ?" Jungkook started to break the ice as he sat across from the guy."Park Jimin. Nice to meet you Jungkook-ssi." Jimin said giving a quick bow."How old are you ? I'm sure you don't have to be so polite." Jungkook said."That is true." Jimin laughed. "I'm twenty one and I know I'm older than you so just call me hyung." "Okay Jimin-hyung. Do you know what type of video we are filming ?" Jungkook asked."Yes. You and I are supposed to be helplessly in love." Jimin said and Jungkook couldn't help but flush at the way Jimin said it."And you're okay with that ?" Jungkook asked and Jimin nodded. "Are you ?" Jimin asked and Jungkook shrugged."I can manage. It helps that you're cute." Jungkook said and Jimin flushed. A rose color blooming across his cheeks prettily."Ah um...I think we should go get our makeup and hair done." Jimin said getting up. He quickly left the room to go to the connecting one making Jungkook cock an eyebrow. This guy was interesting.Jungkook thought himself to look way better with complete hair and makeup but Jimin looked flawless. Hair a perfect black as his fringe swept across his face. He was wearing a large black long sleeve shirt and tight jeans with black boots. What got Jungkook's attention was the black and white band around his thigh. Was that even legal ? Why did the stylist dress him so subtle but attractive."You look nice." Jimin said as he walked up to Jungkook."Are you wearing playboy ?" Jungkook blurted out and Jimin laughed."It look nice right ?" Jimin asked twirling around and Jungkook kind of wished the actor didn't as he got a flash of that ass in those jeans and yup Jungkook was sure that was illegal."Okay places everyone. We will begin scene one." The director shouted and Jungkook paused."What's scene one ?" Jungkook asked and Jimin just smiled. Jungkook should have looked over the schedule.--Jungkook shoved the door open as he pushed Jimin on the bed. The smaller looked at him with so much intensity that Jungkook shivered. Jungkook leaned over Jimin and pulled the older into a kiss. Jimin immediately wrapped his arms around the taller's shoulders to pull him closer."Jungkook." Jimin gasped as Jungkook pulled apart. The younger trailed kissed down Jimin's neck before pulling back to look at the older. They flipped around, Jimin now sitting on his lap and Jungkook's hands trailing up Jimin's thigh, touching the band on it for a moment before holding Jimin firmly around his waist.They look at each other for a moment. Taking in each other's features. They were flawless in each other's eyes. Jungkook, youthful and handsome. Eyes wide and bright and body strong. He was broad, tall, muscular and all Jimin's. "I love you." Jimin whispered as his hands played on Jungkook's shirt collar."I love you too." Jungkook said and Jimin smiled. It was bright but warm and it made Jungkook kiss him all over again.."So we are doing scenes out of order." Jungkook said and Jimin nodded as the director was looking over the recording. Jimin slid off of Jungkook's lap and sat next to him on the bed. The stylist came over to fix their hair and clothes. The next scenes they would have to look neater than the scene they just filmed."You're doing good Jungkook-ssi. I hope this isn't too awkward for you." Jimin said as they were finally left alone again."I'm fine. Are you ?" Jungkook asked and Jimin smiled."I'm an actor. This is nothing." Jimin said and Jungkook didn't have a chance to say anything else as they were being moved to the next scene.--They were at the club. Jimin was the life of the party. He liked the thrill of it. He liked the eyes watching him. He liked Jungkook's eyes watching him. He was now at the dance floor, people surrounding him as they danced to the beat of the song. Jimin could feel eyes burning his skin. He turned to see Jungkook sitting at the bar watching him. Their eyes met as Jimin moved against the person behind him. That glare that he was given had him smiling. Turning around, Jimin went back to dancing.He wasn't surprised when a hand gripped his and forced him off the dance floor. Jungkook led him to a quieter section of the club and crossed his arms at Jimin."What do you think you're doing ?" Jungkook asked and Jimin rolled his eyes. He stepped closer to his boyfriend and wrapped his arms around him."I'm having fun." Jimin said as he pulled Jungkook close, their noses touching. "Have fun with me."Jungkook felt this anger leave as Jimin's lips touched his. He could never stay mad at the older, especially not when he was kissing him like this. .They were taking a short break now as they both had to change clothes and hair styles. Jimin was getting ready for his solo shots and so was Jungkook. He watched Jimin dance to his song. He was wearing all white that reflected the neon blue set his was in. He looked captivating. Jungkook's scenes were interesting too. He also had to dance to the choreo of his song and also do a few acting moments.This was the end of day one and everyone cheered as Jungkook finished up and bowed. He told everyone that they did a great job working non stop and hoped all their efforts would pay off when the video came out. As he was leaving, Jungkook didn't see Jimin. Shrugging, he would see the older tomorrow.Tomorrow came sooner than expected and they were at a different location for the remaining scenes. They were at the country side, a couple hours drive from Seoul and Jungkook smiled as he took in the air."Today is nice isn't it." Jungkook turned his head to look down at Jimin. The smaller was dressed in a fluffy blue sweater and tight jeans. Did all actors look this nice ? It had to be an actor thing."Yes. Warmer than usual." Jungkook said as he watched Jimin look out into the wide field before them."Since you two are already together, why don't we get ready ?" The director shouted and the two boys nodded.--They were running. Jungkook chasing after Jimin as the older opened their car door and just took off. Jimin sprinted to the fields, his black hair whipped around him as he laughed. For a moment he felt like he was flying until hands wrapped around him from behind and pulled him close.Jimin's eyes closed as he let himself be held. He relaxed into the chest behind him and soon they were falling. Jungkook pulled Jimin close to him, holding him as the wind blew around them. He looked down at Jimin, the older was smiling. Smiling back, Jungkook held his hand. In moments like these, Jungkook felt free..This take took multiple tries as Jungkook either pulled him back to roughly or he couldn't catch himself and they could crash into each other. They were now drinking water as they got their hair fixed. It might have been cool outside but running around made it hot."Hyung look." Jungkook said and Jimin looked up just in time for Jungkook to snap a picture."Wha- Jungkook !" Jimin shouted and their stylist laughed."It's okay hyung you look cute." Jungkook reassured the older."Half of my hair is sticking up." Jimin deadpanned. Jungkook just reached over and pinched Jimin's cheek."Adorable."Jimin would have to wait until tomorrow to get back at Jungkook.--Jungkook was frustrated. He couldn't do anything right. His grades were slipping, his parents were arguing with him and now, his music sounded awful. Jungkook tried to play the piece over but he ended up slamming on the piano keys. Fuck it.Jungkook pushed the piano making it fall over. He punched the wall near him in anger. He kicked at the sheet music making it scatter all over his studio. Jungkook was just about to rip his music book when a hand grabbed his. Angry eyes turned to look at worried ones and Jungkook froze.Tenderly, Jimin slipped the book out of his hold. Jungkook watched as Jimin set the book down before tugging Jungkook towards the sofa. Soon as Jungkook touched the seat he was pulled into a hug. Frustrated, Jungkook hugged Jimin back. Jimin didn't say anything. He didn't need to as Jungkook sighed. Even at rough times, at least he had Jimin. ."Are you okay ?" Was the first thing Jimin asked as the scene ended. Jungkook blinked before nodding."Yeah. I'm pretty strong hyung don't worry." Jungkook said and Jimin pursed his lips."I wasn't." Jimin said before helping the set workers clean up the mess Jungkook had made. Jungkook helped as well. He wasn't going to be one uped by an angel.--Soft. Jimin was soft. Jungkook watched the morning light shine over Jimin's fair skin as they both laid in his bed. It was the morning after a long night and Jimin was sleeping so peacefully beside him. Jungkook didn't hesitate to run his hands through those soft locks. Watching as Jimin leaned into his touch subconsciously. Jungkook liked these soundless mornings. Where there was only him and blankets and breathing and Jimin.Jimin stirred awake as Jungkook held him close to his chest, letting the older hear his steady heart beat. Jimin let the rhythm of him echo in his ears before he tilted his head up and kissed Jungkook's chin. Jungkook smiled as leaned down to connect their lips. Like everything else about Jimin, the older's lips were soft and addicting. Jimin moved to straddle Jungkook but still lay on his chest. The taller hugged him tightly and rubbed Jimin's hair again. Grabbing Jungkook's other hand, Jimin smiled. Their silent mornings were the best type of mornings where their love was the loudest sound of all..The last scene was finally finished. They were done. Jimin let Jungkook play with his hair for a moment until the director cleared his through."I know this might seem comfortable and all but you two are done. You've worked hard these past three days so please go rest." The director said making both boys flush. Jimin got off of Jungkook and slid off the bed. He shivered as the cold met him. The stylest had wanted them to have a cute morning after vibe so he was wearing only a long sleeved t-shirt and shorts. Jimin froze when a blanket wrapped around his shoulders."Thanks Jungkook-ah." Jimin smiled, a bit jealous that Jungkook was wearing actual pajamas.As they went to separate rooms to change, Jungkook thought back on the three days. He and Jimin had gotten close spending hours together just touching one another. It made him want to see more of the older. He walked to Jimin's room only to find it empty. 'Crap' Jungkook thought. He never got the elders number.."Jiminnie you finally look like you slept more than 3 hours." Taehyung said as the smaller boy walked into their flat."Today was the last day of shooting." Jimin said and he just let his body fall on the couch beside the one Taehyung was sitting in."That was quick. Hopefully it was fun. I'm so jealous you got to act with Jeon Jungkook. You could at least tell me what the MV is about." Taehyung said and Jimin shook his head."You'll find out in a couple weeks. Let the editors do their jobs." Jimin said before getting up. He needed to shower. He smelled like Jungkook.Two weeks later the music video came out. It was filmed like a mini movie and it was amazing. It topped the charts immediately and Jimin only knew the video dropped when Taehyung ran into his room, interrupting him from watching cartoons and screamed."What ?" Jimin asked."You could have at least told me you were playing as his boyfriend oh my god you two look so cute !" Taehyung shouted. Jimin rolled his eyes but watched the video anyway. It was ten minuets of acting and dancing and drama and romance. "Wow they edited this nicely." Was all Jimin said."Is that really your only thought ?!" Taehyung said. "Look at the way he holds you oh my god this needs to be a drama." Taehyung whined. "Hmm." Jimin said watching as Jungkook's arms wrapped around his waist and held him in the air, the scene going in slow motion as they both laughed. "Jungkook-ah's voice is nice.""I hate you." Taehyung hissed. His best friend doesn't understand the glory he had filmed. "Give this like three hours and it will all be on Tumblr." Taehyung said already planing out what scenes he needed to save as gifs.And Jimin really didn't know the cost of filming with Jungkook. As he went to the market he suddenly gotten a wake up call. It was three days later and they needed milk so he told Taehyung he'd walk down the store. Normally he could do this because he was just a normal guy and no one bothered him.This time was completely different. As he stepped into the store he heard a soft gasp. Paying it no mind, Jimin grabbed a jug of milk and went to the register. The cashier seemed to be in awe."Are you okay miss ?" Jimin asked and the girl shook her head."You're the guy from Jeon Jungkook's music video !" She shouted and all the other people in the store looked at him."Oh my god it's true !" Someone yelled."Wow he's so handsome !""I want to say hi !""Where is Jungkook-ah at ?!" Jimin didn't have time for this. Giving the money for the milk, he took the jug and left. Fan girls were on a whole different level though as Jimin was met by girls outside. He needed to go now. Why did he forget his face mask ?Walking faster, Jimin took a short cut to lose the girls and quickly ran inside their flat building. As he made it safely inside his shared home he sighed. Taehyung looked at him with a knowing look."Fan girls ?" He asked and Jimin nodded, chest heaving up and down as he locked the door."Fan girls.".Jungkook didn't know what was wrong with him. Every time he closed his eyes he could see black hair and pale skin. Every time he breathed he could smell lavender. Every time he touched something he was reminded of smooth fair skin and cherub like cheeks."I must be going crazy." Jungkook was at his company in one of the studios with one of his closest friends and fellow singer, Kim Seokjin."What makes you say that ? Is it the live performances ? You're performing twice each week, maybe you're stressing." Seokjin said."No it's not that it's...it's actors." Jungkook said sighing."What about actors-oh." Seokjin blinked."Is it the cute raven haired boy from your video ?" Seokjin asked and Jungkook sighed even louder making Seokjin take that as a yes."If you want to talk to him then call him." Seokjin said."I never got his number. After the recordings he just disappeared." Jungkook said."He's an actor. He will show up soon. What do actors do when they aren't acting ?" Seokjin cocked his head."Variety shows ? Sleeping ? Why would I know hyung ? We are idols." Jungkook said."Why don't we just look him up and see what company he is from and maybe we can find him there." Seokjin suggested."Please let it be KBS." Jungkook hoped. "I'll even accept SBS." "What's his name ?" Seokjin asked."Park Jimin." They searched it on Naver and a girl popped up."Definitely not her. Keep scrolling." Jimin said and they found a bunch of other Jimin's but not him."Okay add in actor." Seokjin did. 200 results popped up."Wow is that even possible ?" Seokjin asked. "He's an actor. There should at least be three more zeros.""I don't care if it had no zeros. Does it say his company." Jungkook asked clicking the first link. They skimmed through it and blinked. He was actually apart of a very good acting company. His profile was bleak though. A old picture of him and only his name, age, skills and a couple movies and shows he starred in under it."They don't even know where he's from." Seokjin said and Jungkook whined."If he's this low list then how did he get in my video." Jungkook thought."Wow way to be modest." Seokjin said. "But his connections must be amazing." Jungkook sat silent for a moment. Seokjin looked at the younger curiously and jumped when Jungkook jumped up."I got it." Jungkook said."What ?" Seokjin asked."If I can't find him, maybe my fans can." Jungkook said unlocking his phone. "Wow I knew there was something inside that big head of yours." Seokjin teased and Jungkook rolled his eyes. He wasted no time opening his Instagram and posting the picture he snapped of Jimin and him getting their hair done. "Can you guys help me find him ? His name is Park Jimin." Jungkook typed and posted. Now all he had to do was wait. ."We're going where ?" Jimin shouted."Thailand." Taehyung said."And I'm going too ?" Jimin asked again."Yes. It's an actors awards show and we were invited." Taehyung said."Why me ? I never get invited to this kind of stuff." Jimin said."The gods have shown pity." Taehyung said. "You shall now rise in fame young one !" Taehyung shouted making Jimin laugh."Okay enough games now get to packing." Taehyung said and Jimin nodded. He couldn't wait to tell his manager. They hadn't been overseas yet. They couldn't afford it but things were looking up. The pay he got from the MV was great and he was getting calls lately. Actual calls from screen writers, directors, producers. It made him excited and nervous. Going to Thailand was like a dream. They were greeted by fans at the airport and Jimin was surprised to hear his name a few times over all the other famous actors names. They kept walking until they made it to their van and Jimin smiled. To whom did he owe this sudden recognition to ?."What do you mean their whole company is gone ? How is that possible ?!" Jungkook shouted through the phone to his manager. "An awards ceremony ? In Thailand ?! Why couldn't they just be simple and go to China or you know, stay here." Jungkook hung up the phone with a sigh. It shouldn't be that hard to find Jimin. He could practically feel the older male fame rise as everywhere he looked, had Jimin's and his face or name stamped on it."Jungkook-ah, we need a singer to do the background vocals so could you be a friend and..." the deep voice stopped as they took in Jungkook's position.The teen was sitting in his studio chair with his legs in the air as his body slumped down deeply in the chair."Yoongi-hyung I'm dying.""Well before you die I need your voice." Yoongi said ignoring his friends proclaims of death. He tugged Jungkook up and brought him to the recording studio where Seokjin was already at."Hyung, if you needed vocals Seokjin-hyung was right here." Jungkook said."Yeah but who said I wanted to sing for him." Seokjin said swirling around in a chair."Exactly why I thought of the best singer I know." Yoongi said."Wow." Seokjin said in disbelief. "Guys you can't be mean to one another. We are supposed to be friends." Jungkook said. "And friends help each other so help me." "Still trying to find that actor ? It's been like what ? A week ?" Seokjin said."Yeah apparently his whole company when to Thailand." Jungkook said."Lucky." Yoongi grumbled. "But who are you looking for ? And why don't I know about it ?" "He's trying to find the love of his life. You know, something you don't know about." Seokjin said making Yoongi glare at him. "Well if you're trying to find someone trace their footsteps. You gotta go back to all the way before he met you." Yoongi said and Jungkook became wide eyed. "Yoongi-hyung you're a genius." Jungkook said getting up and leaving."I know - wait my vocals-and he's gone." Yoongi flopped on his chair before looking at Seokjin."Okay get in there hyung." Yoongi said and Seokjin smirked as he walked into the recording booth. Meanwhile Jungkook rushed to where his manager was. "Hyung ! I need the number to the director who did my music video." Jungkook said and his manager looked at him oddly before scrolling through his phone. Soon as he found the number Jungkook clicked it and put the phone on his ear."Hello ?" "Hello is this director Seo ?" Jungkook asked."Yes and this is...?""Jeon Jungkook.""O-oh Jeon Jungkook-ssi how are you ? Your video has been trending for almost two weeks now." The director said."Yes I was wondering if you could tell me how you got introduced to Park Jimin ?" Jungkook asked getting straight to the point."Oh I was given his name by the actor Kim Minjae-ssi." The director said."Thank you so much sir. Have a great day." Jungkook never hung up the phone so fast."Hyung !" Jungkook ran back into Yoongi's studio. Both men looked at him confused. "Do either of you know the actor Kim Minjae-ssi ?""I do. He acted in one of my music videos." Seokjin said and Jungkook smiled."Please call him hyung." Seokjin did but the younger male didn't pick up. "Wait isn't he in the same company as Park Jimin ? He might be busy as well." "Dammit." Jungkook swore."Don't worry Jungkook-ah when he's free he will call me back." Seokjin said and Jungkook nodded. He hoped that didn't take too long.."This food looks amazing." Taehyung said as they were at dinner. The awards show ended yesterday but they were now given a couple days to themselves. Taehyung and Jimin decided to go to Siam and enjoy the night life of food and shopping."Get a picture of me eating it." Jimin said and Taehyung snapped a picture of his best friend. He then turned around so he could get both of them and the food."Okay enough pictures let's eat." Taehyung said and they dug into the spicy Thai food."I love noodles." Jimin said almost crying, maybe it was the food. "Same. Can we stay here forever ?" Taehyung asked.After eating they began walking around. They found the mall and looked through multiple stores. "Hey look Jimin-ah, Jungkook-ssi's video is playing." Taehyung said pointing to one of the tvs that hung up in the store. Sure enough there was the video playing. It was at the part with them kissing and Jimin flushed. "Let's get out of here." Jimin said quickly grabbing his friends hand."Aww someone is shy." Taehyung said and Jimin glared at him."It's so different when you're actually acting but when I look at it I feel weird." Jimin said holding his chest. He looked up with Taehyung tightened their hands together."You like him." Taehyung said and Jimin shook his head."No I don't." Jimin said. He didn't."Don't lie to me I'm your best friend. I know all. You like him." Taehyung said but Jimin wasn't listening as he walked away, covering his ears.When they made it back to the hotel, Jimin walked into Taehyung's room after showering to mess with his friend."I posted something on instagram after what feels like forever." Taehyung said as he laid on his back. Jimin sat next to him to look at Taehyung's phone."Oh it's us." Jimin said looking at the pictures Taehyung took earlier. "Aww I look so cute." Jimin said at the one where his cheeks were full of noodles, lips red and eyes shinning. "What about me ?" Taehyung said scrolling to the one of them together."You're adorable. You adorable brat." Jimin said as he squished Taehyung's cheeks making the taller laugh before pushing him off. He then proceeded to read some comments."Taehyung-oppa, are you and Jimin-oppa on a date ?????Taehyung-oppa seeing you eat makes me hungry.Jimin-ah's cheeks ! So adorable ! Come back home so I can squish them."Jimin laughed at that one before seeing something that caught his eye."Park Jimin ? As in from Jungkook-ah's video ? I didn't know he was friend with Taehyung-ah." Jimin read out loud ."Damn it's not like this is the first picture I've taken with you on here." Taehyung said."It's okay. I'm just happy people are recognizing me. It feels nice." Jimin said softly."Aww Ji." Taehyung said, throwing an arm around his friends shoulder. "Let's upload a thousand pictures so you can feel amazing." Taehyung's words made Jimin giggle before looking at the camera. He leaned his head on his friends and they both smiled. Taehyung nuzzled Jimin's cheek making him giggle. Neither of them realized they took another picture. "Let's sleep. I think CEO-nim has something planned for us tomorrow." Taehyung said putting his phone down and plugging it to his charger."Okay." Jimin said, moving to disappear in Taehyung's bed blankets."No get out you can't sleep here bro." Taehyung said kicking the smaller gently making Jimin laugh."Too late. I'm already asleep." Jimin said closing his eyes. If he thought hard enough, soon he was.."Jungkook-ah wake up !" Seokjin said walking into the nineteen year olds house."Hyung I'm awake. I'm always awake." Jungkook said, voice muffled from his blankets."Okay so I got a call back from Minjae-yah." Seokjin said and Jungkook sat up immediately."He said he personally doesn't really know Jimin-ssi like that but he does know Jimin's best friend Kim Taehyung." Seokjin said."Oh my god the Kim Taehyung ? They're best friends ?" Jungkook asked eyes wide."I thought the same but they know each other since middle school or something like that." Seokjin said."Okay so how do I get in touch with Taehyung-ssi?" Jungkook asked."Directly is probably impossible but Minjae-yah said that Taehyung is close to...what's that guys name... Rap Monster." Seokjin said."Rap Monster... do you think Yoongi-hyung would know him ?" Jungkook asked and Seokjin shrugged."Probably. But since I'm such a kind friend, I looked up Kim Taehyung on instagram to see what he was doing in Thailand and look." Seokjin showed his phone to Jungkook.Jungkook blinked at the screen before his eyes widened. There was pictures of Taehyung and Jimin. The two enjoying Thailand, eating together, shopping together."Oh my god what's this." Jungkook said clicking a picture. It was both boys with their faces squished together in pajamas."Are they sleeping together ?" Jungkook asked and Seokjin shrugged. Jungkook scrolled down and gasped. The picture was of Jimin curled up in a bed like some adorable baby but he wasn't wearing a shirt.  Instead he had shirt placed over him but one of his smooth shoulders were showing."Things got a little hot last night but now Jimin-ah looks so cold." Jungkook read. Seokjin looked at him and cleared his throat."Well that one seems a bit...odd." Seokjin said."They're sleeping together." Jungkook said."I don't think...well I don't know for sure but maybe they're just close friends." Seokjin said."No I must know for sure." Jungkook said getting out of his bed. "If he's happy with someone else than I'll...let him be.""Ah that sounds so sad Jungkook-ah." Seokjin said as he watched his younger friend pick out some clothes. "What are you going to do now ?""We are going to meet this so called Rap Monster." Jungkook said."We ? Why am I being dragged into this."  Seokjin whined but Jungkook pulled him out of his house anyway..Yoongi had told Jungkook what company Rap Monster was from and now Seokjin and him were driving there. Jungkook was nervous.  What if Rap Monster was a mean guy ? What if he didn't want to see them or tell them about Jimin."Jungkook-ah stop worrying. If this guys a jerk to you, he'll regret talking to my baby like that." Seokjin said as he parked the car. Their face masks and sunglasses on so they wouldn't attract any unwanted attention."Hyung I'm not your baby." Jungkook said and Seokjin laughed."Sure you are. I raised you for six years." Seokjin said. "Now let's go.""Hello are you two here for a visit ?" The front desk lady said and her eyes widened as the two singers took off their masks and glasses. "Yes we are here to see Rap Monster-ssi." Seokjin said and the lady nodded as she told them where it was. They hopped on the elevator and went up two floors. Getting off, it was easy to find Rap Monster's studio as he had a large door with his name printed on it."Wow." Jungkook said looking at the design of it. Seokjin knocked on the door and there was a faint 'Come in'. Sure they knew who Rap Monster was, he was a very known rapper but they had never personally met him. So seeing him sitting at his desk looking like some sort of CEO had them a bit flustered."Oh its you two. Nice to meet you." Rap Monster said and stood up. He was tall. Taller than the two tall boys in front of them and they both bowed. "You two can call me Namjoon.""Uh thanks Namjoon-ssi." Seokjin said."Please sit. Do you two want something to drink ?" Namjoon asked already sliding the two cans of coffee."Thank you." They both said before looking at each other."He's totally nice." Jungkook said to Seokjin through his eyes."I know ! I don't know how to act." Seokjin said through his eyes back. "So Yoongi-hyung told me you two were here to ask me questions ?" Namjoon asked and both nodded."Uh its mostly me Namjoon-ssi. You see I'm trynna to find Park Jimin but it's harder than it seems." Jungkook started and Namjoon nodded. "And I heard that you know his best friend Kim Taehyung and I was wondering if you knew if I could talk to him.""Hmm if it's Jimin you're really looking for then I think you should talk to Jung Hoseok." Namjoon said. "I think Hoseok-ah is Jimin's only friend besides Taehyung-ssi." "Jung Hoseok as in the rapper and dancer ?" Seokjin asked and Namjoon nodded. "Yoongi-hyung, Hoseok-ah and I are really close and I got to know Jimin-ah and Taehyung-ah through him." Namjoon said."Are Jimin-hyung and Taehyung-ssi dating ?" Jungkook asked and Namjoon laughed. Hard."No. Oh god that was a good one." Namjoon said wiping eyes. Jungkook flushed a bit at the laugh but felt relieved."If you guys want to meet Hoseok-ah he's probably at his dance studio. Also if you want to meet Jimin-ah soon if he's anywhere, he's dancing with Hoseok-ah." Namjoon said."Do you know when they get back from Thailand ?" Seokjin asked."Uh tomorrow ? Maybe the day after."  Namjoon said pulling out his phone. "Yeah Taehyung-ah said tomorrow." "Do you know where Jimin lives ?" Jungkook decided to be a bit bold and ask."Actually I don't." Namjoon said. "He never invites anyone over, he usually comes to you. I think Hoseok-ah might know where he lives. Let me call him." Hoseok picked up the phone after a couple rings making everyone in the room perk up."Yes Namjoon-ah ?""Hoseok-ah I have someone looking for Jimin-ah." Namjoon said."Someone's interested in my little brother ? Who ? They can't take him easily." Hoseok asked."Jeon Jungkook." "What ?!" Hoseok shouted. There was a crash sound and Jungkook couldn't help but laugh."Yeah I got you on speaker. Him and Kim Seokjin are in my studio as we speak." Namjoon said."Oh hello." Hoseok said suddenly sounding professional."Hi." Jungkook and Seokjin greeted."Hoseok-ah are you busy ? I think these two want to come and see you." Namjoon said."Stop by tomorrow. I actually have teaching to do tonight." Hoseok said and Jungkook agreed. Tomorrow..Going back to South Korea was like stepping into the limelight for Jimin as they entered the airport from leaving the plane , cameras flashed at them from every angle. "Now I know why you take your manager everywhere, I would hate to drive through the traffic that's going to be here." Jimin said to Taehyung as they were at a quiet part of the airport, away from fans by a huge glass and a good thirty feet."Yeah but I like driving." Taehyung said. "Oh look Ji I see your name." Taehyung said and Jimin looked up from his phone to the crowd and truth be told his name was there in a sea of Taehyung and the other actors."Wow." Jimin smiled. Ah good old recognition. As they got up, they had to walk to the exit so they could get in their van and go home. The crowd huddle around them and Taehyung wrapped an arm around Jimin to make sure he didn't lose his friend."Taehyung-Oppa did you two have a nice time in Thailand ?" A fan shouted over the noise of shutters flicking and girls whispering."Of course. Having Jiminnie with me made it so much fun." Taehyung said and couldn't help but agree. His best friend made everything entertaining. Jimin smiled up at Taehyung and ruffled his hair."I taught you well kid." Jimin said and Taehyung pursed his lips."You're like two months older than me, chill." Taehyung whined as they finally made it to their car. They said goodbye to the fans, waving at them before shutting the door."It's good to be back." Jimin said looking out the window."I know. I was thinking since both of us are free, we should go home for a couple days." Taehyung said and Jimin turned towards him."Like home home ?" Jimin asked and Taehyung nodded."When's the last time you seen your parents ? And your younger brother, he graduated high school right ? You should go see them." Taehyung said."I'm sure all your siblings miss you as well." Jimin said and Taehyung shrugged."They're kids, they probably don't miss me that much." Taehyung said."I'm down with going back." Jimin said and Taehyung nodded."Should we even unpack our bags ?" Taehyung joked and Jimin rolled his eyes. Of course. He couldn't dress in fancy clothing around his family. That's too weird.."He's back !" Jungkook shouted as he logged online and his first to see picture was of Taehyung and Jimin walking through the airport. Pictures from his fans flooding his page. They were going to visit Hoseok today and Jungkook was a bit excited. Namjoon was driving them himself which they were grateful. "Wow he looks amazing." Seokjin got curious and looked at Jungkook's phone screen. Both boys did look nice, Taehyung in his loose fitting clothes draped on him stylishly while Jimin was in a large t-shirt and tight jeans. They both had face mask on and glasses but still looked nice."That's actors for you." Seokjin said making Namjoon snort in agreement. They pulled up at Hoseok's studio. Jungkook had never been but he heard about it. It was commonly know in the music industry as many idols trained here. Jungkook walked in with an awe look because the place was spotless. They hopped on the elevator and Namjoon pressed the fourth button. They followed him down the hall, occasionally peaking through rooms to see people dancing before stopping at Hoseok's office.Namjoon didn't even knock as he walked in. Hoseok didn't seem to be doing anything as he was scrolling through his phone. He looked up and smiled though."Namjoon-ah." Hoseok gave Namjoon a hug before turning to Seokjin and Jungkook. They all bowed at one another before sitting down. Hoseok offered them tea before smiling."So you want to know about Jimin-ah ?" Hoseok asked looking at Jungkook directly who flushed."Um kinda sunbaenim. I just want to...talk to him. After the filming of my video he disappeared." Jungkook explained and Hoseok laughed."That's Jimin-ah's speciality." Hoseok said, taking a sip of his tea. "If he doesn't want to be found then he won't be. But you have power of  being you Jungkook-ssi." "Ah yes my fans. They're kind of keeping me updated." Jungkook said."Which is why you thought Taehyung-ah and Jimin-ah were dating ?" Hoseok asked and Jungkook flushed."Yes." "Well thankfully for you, they're just friends." Hoseok said. "Very good friends. I think you'll have to get through Taehyung-ah before you get to Jimin-ah and that might be hard. Taehyung-ah is a bit protective.""Why ? They're just friends right ?" Jungkook asked."It's like Seokjin-ssi and you. I'm sure you two would protect each other." Hoseok said and Seokjin smiled wrapping his arm around Jungkook's shoulder."Of course." Seokjin said."Then you understand." "Yes." Jungkook said thinking for a moment. "How did you meet Jimin-hyung ?""Ah that was a long time ago. Jimin-ah was like this tall and super chubby but man he could dance. Our schools had a dance competition and we competed against each other. Jimin-ah was the first person to beat me in a while and I had to know who this guy was. It didn't turn out well because Jimin-ah was so shy. He ran away when I tried to approach him. He was so cute." Hoseok laughed reminiscing."What happened next ?" Seokjin asked."He went home. Jimin-ah is from Busan and I'm from Gwangju so of course it would be hard to meet the kid who beat me but I was determined. It took a couple years when I moved to Seoul for high school that we finally met. Jimin-ah was no better than he was when we first met. He was still small and shy but he still had the baby fat and the skills. Meeting him was hard. He never talked to anyone so it was hard to find him. And then I met Taehyung-ah. They're like complete opposites so you can imagine the shock I got to realize that they were actually best friends." "Did Taehyung-ssi introduce you two ?" Jungkook asked."No. I told you Taehyung-ah was protective. I might be nice but Taehyung-ah kept Jimin-ah in his protective bubble. I had to find Jimin-ah on his own before I finally talked to him. The time came when he stayed after school late to practice. It looked like he was struggling with a move so I helped him. After that the rest was easy. Jimin-ah is shy and it might take some time to get to his heart but once you do it's so worth it." Hoseok said."Wow things are starting to make since as to why Taehyung-ah didn't trust me around Jimin-ah when we first met." Namjoon said."But Taehyung-ah adores you now." Hoseok said and Namjoon smiled knowingly."So what you're telling me is I should get on Taehyung-ssi's good side to get to Jimin-hyung ?" Jungkook said."It would be helpful. But you already know Jimin-ah so there's no need to butter up Taehyung-ah. That kid honestly likes anyone after a while. You shouldn't have no trouble talking to Taehyung-ah." Hoseok said."Taehyung-ah is a big ball of fluff. He's just very loyal to his friends so be nice and you'll meet Jimin-ah in no time." Namjoon chimed in and Jungkook nodded. His phone vibrated and he pulled it out, cocking an eyebrow."What ?" Jungkook scrolled through his twitter in shock."What is it ?" Seokjin asked."Jimin-hyung has just been sighted at Busan train station." Jungkook said."Ah he must be going home." Hoseok said."Seems like you'll have to wait a while to meet him kiddo. When he comes back I'll be the first to let you know." Hoseok said and Jungkook thanked him gratefully. If only he could go home too..Jimin sighed happily as he sat in his parents back yard. Him and his mother looking out into the wide sky that was shining here and there with a few stars. This was even more relaxing than the Thailand beaches and that was saying a lot."Maybe I was home sick Umma." Jimin said and his mom looked at him with a gentle smile."When Seoul gets too much you're always welcome home Jimin-ah. Your brother misses you." Mrs.Park said."I should wake him up. Getting home late wasn't the plan but I just flown in this morning." Jimin admitted."He's graduating soon so he's a bit stressed but surprise him in the morning."Like most of the time, Jimin did as his mother told him. The following morning while his brother was slowly making his way towards the dining area to eat, he jumped out at him and surprised him."Jihyun-ah !" Jimin cried and the younger took a few moments to register who he was seeing before he wrapped his arms around his brother."Hyung !" They hugged for a moment before pulling apart. Chatting for a bit for breakfast Jimin smiled at his brother."Since it's the weekend, do you want to spend with day with me ?" Jimin asked and his brother nodded. Jimin wasted no time dragging him out the house after they got dressed and into one of their parents cars."Hyun-ah where do you want to go ?" Jimin asked."Too the mall. I think window shopping might be fun." Jihyun said and Jimin nodded. He drove to one of Busan's popular malls and the two boys began walking around. They looked through clothes and shoes and even at toys. Jimin decided to spoil his brother by buying him some knew clothes."For good luck on your college entrance exams." Jimin said and Jihyun hugged him. They entered a ice cream store and Jimin pondered over the flavors. As he was looking he heard a gasp."Oh my is that Park Jimin ?" Jimin looked up to see two girls staring at him wide eyed. He smiled and greeted them politely before looking back at the ice cream."Hyung I want this one." Jihyun said and Jimin nodded. As he was paying more girls seemed to come in the ice cream shop."Oppa what flavor are you getting ?" A girl shouted."Mint chocolate." Jimin said and they all squealed."Hyung it's getting crowded." Jimin's younger brother said and Jimin understood. They left the store only to be met by cameras. Jimin began walking faster but the fans followed. He pulled his younger brothers hood over his head to cover his face before dragging him near the exit. They didn't run but their steps were quick strides. As they made it to the car, Jimin sighed."Wow hyung I didn't know you were this famous." Jihyun said and Jimin flushed. He didn't either.Though the fans were getting wilder, it didn't stop Jimin from spending time with his younger brother. He would drive him to school and occasionally pick him up. He would also take him places. With acting came money and Jimin was glad he had some to spare. He was even more exited when his manager texted him about an upcoming role in a movie. The sound of the A-list actors he would be with had Jimin excited.Right now him and Jihyun were at the beach. It was a cold morning and they both took in the empty ocean with a bit of clarity."I'm glad things are starting to work out for you hyung." Jihyun started making the older look at him. "Dreams were made to come true and you've been dreaming for a while.""That's true. But I'll work hard. I don't know how long this will last but I can say I am grateful to acting in that music video. Without it I would be nothing." Jimin said."You should thank that idol too." Jihyun said."I do every day. I want to tell him in person but he's on a different scale. I'm not even a B-list actor nor C. He wouldn't want to talk to someone as low as me." Jimin admitted honestly. Jihyun cocked his head, the breeze running through both of their hair, one dark one light."You never know." Jihyun said. Jimin didn't but he had little hope..Jimin went back to Seoul after his brother graduated. He took the next train back up and then his manager came to pick him up. They wasted no time diving into his schedule and meeting up with the director and cast. It was only until late that he finally got back to his shared home. He tiredly tugged up his luggage and entered the flat with a bit of a struggle."Ji ?" The deep voice startled Jimin as he didn't expect Taehyung to be awake or even home."Hey Tae-yah. When did you get home ?" Jimin asked softly as he moved to walk towards his friend."Yesterday. Today I was at the company. Didn't catch a break as I got off the train. I wanted to see you though." Taehyung said rubbing his eye tiredly. He looked so cute Jimin couldn't help but pull him into a hug. Jimin smiled as Taehyung's big hand went through this hair, holding him close to the laters chest."Missed you too Tae-yah." Jimin said. They stayed like this for a moment before Jimin pulled away. "Let me shower and then we can cuddle all you want.""Yes ! Your bed or mine ?" Taehyung asked."Mine." Jimin said. He quickly showered and washed his hair, changing into clean pajamas before joining the taller who was on his phone."Whatcha looking at ?" Jimin asked, the satoori still in his voice but he didn't mind. "SNS. Look there's a picture of you and Jihyunnie." Taehyung said."Oh that was at the mall. It turned pretty crazy but we managed to escape." Jimin explained."It looks like a scene from a movie." Taehyung laughed. "Maybe you'll get lots of action movie calls.""Let's hope its you I get to beat up." Jimin teased making Taehyung glare at him before putting his phone down."Sleep time." Taehyung said and they both settled in. They curled near each other before finally drifting off to sleep.The next day Jimin decided to see his favorite hyung in the world."Hobi-hyung !" Jimin shouted as he walked into Hoseok's studio. He ran into the older's arms and laughed as Hoseok spun him around. "I missed you." Jimin said."I missed you too." Hoseok said settling the younger down. "How was Thailand ? And home ?""Great. Both were so relaxing. Next time I go you should come with me. You need a break too hyung." Jimin said making Hoseok smile."That I do. You sweet Jimin-ah." Hoseok said ruffling Jimin's hair making his cheeks tinge pink. "So besides coming to see me what else do you want to do ? There's no work today actually. I was just here to get a few things." Hoseok explained."Can we dance hyung ?" Jimin asked. "We haven't danced together in a while.""Of course." Hoseok was honestly a big stress reliever to Jimin. He was happy and bright and warm and all things good but he could also be serious when needed. His dance was a work of art itself and they always helped each other because they danced in two different styles. After about an hour of dancing the two finally stopped."You're still amazing as ever." Hoseok said handing Jimin a water bottle."You too hyung, though your spins could use a bit of work." Jimin teased."Now I know why you beat me all those years ago." Hoseok said making Jimin laugh.They moved to Hoseok's office where Jimin curled up in one of the chairs and Hoseok in his own."Seeing you now reminds me of something." Hoseok said catching Jimin's attention."Really ? What hyung ?" Jimin asked."Someone is looking for you."  Hoseok said."Who ?" "Someone who really wants to see you.""Hyung who ? Stop playing the noun game." Jimin whined."Okay okay it's Jungkook-ssi." The words that came out of Hoseok's mouth had Jimin choking on his own water."Jungkook ?!" Jimin exclaimed."Yup. He came to my studio maybe a week or two ago to ask about you. He seems very intent on finding you." Hoseok said making Jimin flush."What ? Why me ?" Jimin asked."Maybe he was star struck." Hoseok said."But I'm not a star hyung." Jimin said lowly."You could be."Jimin looked up at the elder shyly. He always grew nervous around talk like this. It didn't matter who said it, whether it be Taehyung, his younger brother, Hoseok, hell even his mom. He couldn't help the shy feeling those words gave him."Hyung...""Do you want to see him ?" Hoseok asked straight to the point."Um..." Jimin thought for a moment. Did he ? Did he really want to see Jungkook ? The thought made him even more nervous but..."No." Jimin said surprising Hoseok."You don't want to see him ?" Hoseok asked."I do but...it feels nice to be found you know ? Let him search. If he came to you, it won't be long before he finds me." Jimin said making Hoseok smile."I like the way you think Jiminnie.".The first text Jungkook got as he finally finished practice was from Hoseok."He's home." Was all it said. Jungkook almost died at those words. Home. His Jimin-hyung was home. Jungkook didn't even know he had a big smile on his face until he saw his manager looking at him through the car mirror."Hyung, do you know anything about the actor Kim Taehyung-ssi?" Jungkook asked."Not personally but you're performing for the Seoul Film Fest and I think he's nominated for something." His manger said making Jungkook nod. The fest was in three days. Thinking about the time made him sigh. He could have to wait three days to talk to Taehyung and finally get to Jimin. Checking his phone, Jungkook cocked an eyebrow at the recent updated photo of Jimin and some guy holding hands and moving through a small crowd of fans. Why did it seem that Jimin was always with men that weren't him ? Was god against him ?No soon, Jungkook thought. Soon all this waiting will pay off. He prepared for the film fest and anticipated it. When it came, he smiled at Seokjin who was performing before him and waiting as the crowd of actors and a few idols sang along to the older's song."Hey Jungkook-ah, you were looking for Kim Taehyung-ssi ? He just won an award and is back stage now talking to a directors. Maybe you could catch him before he leaves." Jungkook's manager said."What room ?" Jungkook asked and his manager barely got the first syllable out before the idol was running.Jungkook was lucky enough to catch Kim Taehyung flashing a brilliant smile at a group of directors and bowing before they all walked away. Taehyung was about to walk away himself when Jungkook called out to him.Attractive wide eyes met his curiously as Taehyung's name slipped out of Jungkook's mouth."Oh Jeon Jungkook-ssi, it's nice to meet you." Taehyung greeted and Jungkook caught his breath before doing the same."Is there anything you needed ? Something seems urgent." Taehyung asked and Jungkook nodded."Uh, could we talk quietly Taehyung-ssi ? Maybe in my waiting room ?" Jungkook asked."What's this about ?" Taehyung asked as he followed the younger."Jimin-hyung." Those words seemed to make Taehyung pause for a moment. Their eyes meet again before Taehyung smiled. Jungkook closed the door behind him as he offered the older male a seat."So..." Taehyung started."Can you help me meet Jimin-hyung ?" Jungkook blurted out wasting no time."What ?" Taehyung blinked."Well he's your best friend or so I heard from Namjoon-hyung and Hoseok-ssi and I know I can't get to him unless I go through you so...can you help me ?" Jungkook asked."You know Hoseok-hyung and Namjoon-hyung ?" Taehyung asked. "Wait ignore that, what do you want from Jiminnie ?" "I just...he enchanted me the first day we met. It was like meeting your guardian angel or something. He was just perfect. Small, a bit shy yet bold at times but perfect. And then he was gone. Ripped out of my life before I could even get a chance to ask him to be my friend. So I searched, went through multiple people and companies too find him and I'm almost there, just one step away but I have to get past you." Jungkook explained. He watched as Taehyung thought for a moment, staring at him before sitting back."You still didn't tell me what you want. Sure you want to find him but then what ? What will you do after you find him ?" Taehyung asked. Jungkook took a second to think before Taehyung sighed. "Listen kid, Jimin-ah isn't someone to mess with. He's been through a lot. The world hates him. What would I look like letting one more thing hurt him ?"Jungkook looked down at that. Crestfallen. "But," Taehyung's voice made him look back up. "But ever since Jimin-ah met you, he's been a bit happier. The world likes him a bit better, giving him opportunities he could only dream of. You were a catalyst he needed in life which is something I could never be. So who am I to keep happiness away from my best friend ?""So...what you're saying is..." Jungkook was too stunned to say it."Yes kid. You can see him. But hurt him and I'll make it so you'll never sing again." Taehyung said and Jungkook nodded. He couldn't even fear because he was so happy. He would finally finally get to see his Jiminnie hyung. "My address." Taehyung said after writing something down."Your address ?" Jungkook blinked."Oh I didn't tell you, Jiminnie and I live together." Taehyung grinned. "So you'll have to come secretly, I don't want any of your crazy fans finding out where I live to tell my crazy fans.""Understood Taehyung-ssi." Jungkook said. He was practically a master of disguise. Or so he thought. "What time should I come over ?" "Jimin-ah is actually doing a new drama so he gets home kind of late. So come around ten or eleven in the morning." Taehyung suggested."Tomorrow ?"Taehyung smiled at the question. "If you're so anxious to meet him then tomorrow is fine."As Taehyung left Jungkook felt like he was flying. He barely paid attention to the rest of the festival as he was excited that he would be finally seeing his Jimin-hyung. That made his stomach flip. His Jimin-hyung..Jimin was tired. He has worked four days in a row non stop filming in harsh conditions and about a thousand takes and he swore if he heard the word "cut" again he would cut someone. Jimin was happy his manager drove him home and he slept the whole way there. He was gently awaken by his manager telling him he made it home."Get some rest Jimin-ah, I know everything is getting exciting but you still have to take care of yourself." His manger said ruffling Jimin's soft hair who hummed, eyes closed before yawning. He parted with his manager as he made his way up the condo and to his and Taehyung's home. He wasn't surprised when he saw Taehyung sitting quietly on the couch with about three bags of popcorn and drinks, eyes glued to the t.v."Harry Potter marathon ?" Jimin asked."Harry Potter marathon." Taehyung said with a grin. "I'll join you in a bit. What movie is this ?" Jimin asked."The sixth." Taehyung said and Jimin nodded. He moved to his room, stripping himself of his clothes before taking a shower. The warm water relaxing his tired muscles and waking him up a bit. He stepped out and got dressed in his soft pajamas before slipping on his slippers and making his way to Taehyung with a blanket wrapped around his shoulders.Taehyung didn't spare him a glance but he did move the bags of popcorn off his lap so Jimin could lay in between his legs. Taehyung's lips curved a bit as Jimin sighed as he ran his hands through Jimin's hair."Long day ?" Taehyung asked."Long week. Is this how you feel all the time ?" Jimin asked."Not all the time. Just most of the time. It's hard but at the end of the day it feels nice to do what you want." Taehyung said making Jimin hum."Can we sleep like this ?" Jimin asked. "It'll be like when we were younger.""You haven't changed much. You just got cuter." Taehyung teased."And you got stupider." Jimin was totally expecting the sharp tug to his head. He kinda maybe wasn't surprised when Taehyung went back to rubbing his head. "Love you Tae. My bestest best friend." Jimin said childishly."Is that even a world ?" Taehyung asked."Probably not but you are it." Jimin responded."Yes I definitely going to tell Hobi-hyung you said this." Taehyung said making Jimin laugh, sound half giggly have sighs as he was tired. "Sleep Ji. I'll be here when you wake up and we can make breakfast." Taehyung said and Jimin closed his eyes once more. He'd like that.Jimin woke up in a different position then he slept in. Taehyung's legs seemed to be above him instead of next to him. Jimin's body was twisted and he groaned as he tried to pull the younger's long limbs off of him. Taehyung made annoyed groans as Jimin's shoved him off but settled back down trying to say asleep. Jimin took this time this use the bathroom. He washed his hands, his face, and began brushing his teeth after.The doorbell rang making Jimin turned to wards the doing. He was surprised to hear Taehyung getting up, letting out a deep "I got it" as he walked to the door. Jimin proceeded to continue brushing before he pulled out the floss. He was almost done when Taehyung called him."What ?" Jimin shouted back."You have a gift !" Taehyung shouted. Jimin was curious now. A gift ? No one ever sent him gifts. Finishing with his hygiene routine, Jimin walked out the bathroom and into the living area."A gift-oh my god." Jimin's words caught in his throat as he caught sight of his so called gift."Hi." Jimin took in the sight of tall, tan and handsome, the one and only Jeon Jungkook who not only greeted him but smiled too. Jimin did what any normal person would do. He ran."What the heck ?!" Jimin screeched to himself as he shut his bedroom door and locked it. He placed a small hand on his chest and breathed in deeply. He almost jumped out of his skin when someone knocked on his door."Hyung ?"It had to be Jungkook. Jimin almost swore but decided against it. Maybe if he didn't say anything Jungkook would think he left."Hyung I know you're in there you just ran in here like a minute ago." Damn okay. So that didn't work. Jimin really wasn't expecting Jungkook to find him so soon. The younger must have looked hard but Jimin wasn't ready. He was at least expecting a week. Slowly opening the door, he peaked up at Jungkook who looked at him nervously. "Hi again." Jungkook said after a moment of silence."Hi." Jimin squeaked out."I'm happy I found you hyung. I searched really hard because I wanted to see you. I thought you would want to see me too but maybe I was wrong." Jungkook said a bit sad. He began walking away and Jimin panicked. He grabbed Jungkook's forearm to stop him making them bump into one another and trip. Jimin hit the wall and Jungkook almost crashed directly above him but the teen was smart enough to move his arms to stop himself.Jimin flushed at their position and looked up shyly at the younger. Their eyes meet again and Jimin was once again sucked into those almond shaped eyes."Sorry." Jimin whispered. "But... I thought you wouldn't want to see me.""Why would you think that hyung ?" Jungkook asked."Because...because I'm nobody. No one remembers a nobody let alone want to visit them. You just let people like me fade Jungkook-ah, it's something we are good at." Jimin said lowly, looking down."Hyung. You shouldn't say that about yourself. To be honest you're more than nobody and way more than somebody. You were like some angel sent to light up my world and as you left it grew dark. You don't understand how much I've thought of you for these past months. I wanted to see you. Talk to you, hug you even if you didn't want to see me. You struck me and dug deep inside me that I can't get you out. How would I not want to see you hyung ?"Jimin blushed at the words Jungkook says heavily, immediately looking down at his slipper clad feet. He almost melted at the hand that grabbed his chin to make him look up."You're even prettier than the last time I saw you." Jungkook whispered deeply making Jimin whimper. "Wow can guys move this scene somewhere else I really have to pee." Taehyung said shoving the two out of his way so he could pee. Both boys were now red. "Follow me." Jimin said taking Jungkook into his room and shutting the door. He watched Jungkook look around his room, doing a full 360 before smiling."What ?" Jimin asked."This room is so you. Neat, filled with cute things but also stylish." Jungkook said before sitting on Jimin's bed."Shut up." Jimin flushed. He let Jungkook grab his wrist to tug him down and pull him on to his bed. Jimin sat next to him but not looking at him."Hyung. Why are you so shy now ? You weren't like this when we first met." Jungkook said taking the smaller's hand."Yeah well that's different. Back then I was acting. It's easy for me to act like something I'm not." Jimin said."You're telling me you're not that bold ? Not that cute and not that sexy ?" Jungkook asked and god if Jimin didn't die from the amount of blood rushing to his cheeks he would from Jungkook's words. "Was it all acting to you ?""Do you normally get feelings from actors who star in your videos ?" Jimin asked."No. Never. To be quite honest I thought I was going to be alone forever. But then you came. Gentle smiles, squishy cheeks and all." Jungkook said pinching Jimin's cheek making him roll his eyes."It won't be easy. Us going out. The media would murder us." Jimin said."I think our fans ship us enough that they won't tolerate any negativity towards our relationship." Jungkook said confidently."You sure ?" "I've never been more sure about anything else." Jungkook said and Jimin smiled gently."Okay then but we start slow." Jimin said."Pretty sure we've made it to second base, acting or not.""Jungkook-ah !" Jimin gasped but there was a smile on his pink face. He leaned into the kiss Jungkook went to give him and melted into it. Their lips touching was something Jimin couldn't ever forget. It was warm and gentle and a bit shy but it felt nice. "You're so cute." Jungkook said taking in Jimin's closed eyes and pink cheeks. He looked so soft in his pajamas and messy hair Jungkook had to kiss him again. He wrapped his arms around Jimin, pulling the smaller in a tight hug."Let me hug you for a while hyung. I feel that if I let you go now, you'll slip away from me again. And then I'll have to find you all over again." Jungkook's words made Jimin giggle. He wasn't going anywhere. Not for a long long time..
.
.



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



