



First Heat - Taejinheart - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

First Heat
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/22589098.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Kim Seokjin | Jin/Kim Taehyung | V
Character:
Kim Seokjin | Jin, Kim Taehyung | V, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Namjoon | RM, Original Characters, Min Yoongi | Suga, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Jeon Jungkook
Additional Tags:
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics, Mating Cycles/In Heat, Knotting, Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism, Attempted Rape/Non-Con, A bit of emotional abuse, not between taejin, Alpha Kim Seokjin | Jin, Omega Kim Taehyung | V, Top Kim Seokjin | Jin, Bottom Kim Taehyung | V, Minor Minjoon, Omega Park Jimin (BTS), Alpha Kim Namjoon | RM, Angst, Fluff, lots of fluff, Kim Seokjin | Jin is a Sweetheart, Hard Past, Mpreg, Smut, Violence, Alternate Universe
Stats:

        Published: 2020-02-06
          Completed: 2020-04-24
          Chapters: 12/12
        Words: 55212
      

First Heat
by Taejinheart
Summary
“Seokjin hyung, can you do me a favor?” Taehyung chewed on his bottom lip nervously.“Sure Taehyung, what is it?” He replied easily.“Spend my first heat with me.”Seokjin choked on his drink.
Notes
Hello! This is my first fanfic ever! I love taejin so much and wanted to write something for them. It’s my first time actually publishing something I wrote and I’m still a beginner so constructive criticism is greatly appreciated. Also English is not my first language so I’m sorry if there’s any grammatical errors, please don’t hesitate to tell me. Please read the tags and I hope you enjoy :)




Chapter 1
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“Seokjin hyung, can you do me a favor?” Taehyung chewed on his bottom lip, nervous about Seokjin’s reaction on what he’s about to ask.“Sure Taehyung, what is it?” He replied easily without looking at the younger, sipping his soda and looking around the mall.“I- can you-“ he stuttered and Seokjin looked at him curiously now, he took a deep breath and decided to just go for it ‘it’s now or never.’
“Spend my first heat with me.” He blurted out, then immediately caught his bottom lip between his teeth again, almost cutting it with the force of his bite.Seokjin choked on his drink, coughed a bit, and stopped walking “A-are you ok?” Taehyung asked nervously, his brows furrowing.
He waved his hand dismissively “Fine fine.. I- Taehyung where did this come from?” “It’s just.. I have no one else to go to, you’re the only alpha I know and I’m pretty sure I’m an omega so..” he trailed off, not knowing what to say.“Taehyung, that is not a reason, your first time should be with someone special.” He put his hand on his shoulder.“It’s ok hyung I understand, you don’t want to do it with me. It’s totally fine.” He was clearly not fine, he felt a pang in his chest that made his eyes tear up ‘what was I thinking? Of course, he wouldn’t want someone like me.’ “No! It’s not like that, I-I just-“ he exhaled. “Listen let’s sit somewhere and talk.”Taehyung swallowed thickly and nodded. They sat down at their favorite cheesecake place and ordered one strawberry cheesecake to share. It was their routine by now, they meet every week to do anything from going to arcades to snow boarding or simply shopping. Then they eat and have a strawberry cheesecake as a dessert, it’s their favorite. Sometimes they do nothing at all and just stay at Seokjin’s apartment, watch movies and eat his home cooked food.
They knew each other courtesy of their mutual friends but they became fast friends on their own. Since the first time Seokjin saw the younger, he always had a sad glint in his eyes but when he smiled it was the most beautiful thing in the world. Seokjin always wanted to see him smile and did everything he could for it. He felt kind of responsible for him, he knew his home situation wasn’t good.Seokjin cleared his throat “Taehyung.. it’s not that I don’t want to, I just don’t want you to regret this, it’s a pretty big deal you know.” “I won’t. I thought about it. Jimin told me it was torture to spend it alone and he almost went out to random alphas to get rid of his pain, and when he got Namjoon hyung after that he said it was fine and didn’t suffer as much.” Taehyung shrugged, “Also I don’t want to spend it home alone, Jimin will be out of town the whole summer vacation.. and I feel it’s coming soon.” He looked down and played with the rings on his fingers anxiously. ‘I can’t spend it at home please agree please.’“You could spend it at my house then. I’ll stay with you but won’t do anything.”“Hyung I know how a first heat is really intense it could easily trigger your rut. I don’t want to put us both through this torture so we’ll just help each other you know? I promise I don’t mind, you’re special enough for me.” He looked into his eyes, imploring, willing him to accept.Jin took a look at his sad eyes and didn’t have the heart to argue anymore, he clearly thought about it and he is an adult after all, he turned 18 six months ago. And it wouldn’t hurt to get those not so innocent thoughts he recently has about Taehyung out of his system. He was glowing and getting prettier every day, a definite sign of his impending heat. Maybe it wouldn’t be so bad to spend their heat and rut together and help each other as he said..“Alright. I’ll do it.” A soft smile spread across Taehyung’s face and his cheeks blushed prettily, suddenly feeling timid. “Thank you so much hyung.” He touched his hand lightly. Jin took his hand, squeezing it a bit. “You’re welcome. Just call me when you feel it ok? I’ll pick you up. I don’t want you to walk alone when you’re.. you know.” The tips of his ears burned. Taehyung nodded, the smile still wide on his face and Jin thought he made the right choice. ———- It was a few weeks after when Taehyung woke up gasping, his body felt like someone lit it on fire and he was soaked with his own sweat. He was breathing heavily, his throat was dryer than a dessert. He tried to get up and whimpered, a heavy knot was inside his stomach wanting release. It hurt.He tried to get up again and hissed from the friction of his fabric against his crotch. Suddenly he couldn’t take the clothes on his skin, he wanted them off. But he resisted it, he didn’t know if he was alone. He didn’t know what he’d do if he wasn’t. ‘I have to call Seokjin hyung quickly.’ He got up in-spite of his burning body, his mind was jumbled and he couldn’t think straight but he remembered to spray the scent blocker he bought. It would stall a bit till Seokjin came to get him. He quickly got his phone and dialed Jin’s number with his shaking hand.“Hello?” He picked up at the third ring, his voice deep and thick with sleep. “Hyung..” he whimpered, “it came.” “Taehyung? I’ll be right there! Don’t move ok?” His voice was more awake now.
“I- I won’t.” ‘I can’t anyway..’
“Come quickly, please.” He pleaded, his voice barely above a whisper.
“I will.” He promised and hung up.Taehyung groaned when he felt himself getting wet, warm slick sliding out of his hole and wetting his boxers. He knew this would make his scent increase. ‘Please be out, please don’t be home.’ He prayed silently. He didn’t hear anything from outside his room but he didn’t want to risk opening the door.His cock was getting impossibly hard, but he didn’t want to do anything in fear it would make his heat come more intensely. He couldn’t risk it. ‘Jin please come quickly..’———— Seokjin bolted from his bed after Taehyung’s phone call, quickly wearing a hoodie over his sweatpants and grabbed his car keys. ‘This is it, it’s gonna happen.’ His body was pumped with adrenaline. Was it nerves? Was it excitement? Probably a mix of both. He hadn’t spent a first heat with anyone before but he had spent normal heats with multiple omegas. He knew it would be different, partly because it was a first heat and mostly because it’s with Taehyung. His dear friend. His sweet dongsaeng. The one he recently realized his feelings for him ran deeper than friendship. Seokjin didn’t hope for anything though, they’re just helping each other and they will return to normal after that. ‘Taehyung made sure to stress on that part.’ He thought somewhat bitterly. ‘As long as I could ease the sadness in his eyes, even just for a little bit, it’ll be fine.’ He sped off in the direction of Taehyung’s house. ———-Taehyung’s body was curled up in a cocoon around a soft blanket. He was whimpering in pain and trying to control his groans. His clothes stuck to his body and he felt so uncomfortable but he couldn’t move to change them. If he was in his right mind he would be disgusted from all the fluids coming out of his body, but the haze of pain and fever made him not care for anything. He just wanted release.Suddenly, he heard a door opening outside and he gasped. He put his hand over his mouth to stop the sounds and tears filled his eyes. “Taehyung-ah! Are you having your first heat finally?! Mmm you smell so sweet. Like vanilla! My favorite. Your dearest uncle will help you now.” The voice of the person he despised the most slurred. He was probably drunk out of his mind as usual.He gagged and choked as tears kept spilling over his eyes and he tightened his hand over his mouth, he tried to keep as quiet as he could but he knew it wouldn’t help, even the scent blockers couldn’t hide his scent. ‘Seokjin please where are you’His footsteps were coming closer and Taehyung’s breath caught in his throat.*Ding-dong* the doorbell rang, and Taehyung sobbed in relief. The footsteps went away from his door “Who are you?” He heard his muffled voice.  Seokjin rang the door repeatedly till someone unfamiliar opened, he has never been to Taehyung’s house before, but he thought maybe that’s his uncle. From the very few times Taehyung talked about him he knew he was an alcoholic who was barely home, and that Taehyung didn’t like him. “I’m here for Taehyung, where is he?” The guy chuckled, “Now is not a good time, boy, he’s busy.” His breath reeked of alcohol and his words were slurred, Jin didn’t have time for him, Taehyung needed him. “Let me in.” He gritted his teeth.
“Or what?” The guy grinned, his rotten teeth showing. “Shoo we’re busy.” He shoved Seokjin and tried closing the door but he jabbed his foot, preventing it’s closure. He was getting angry. He shoved the door open, easily overpowering the drunk man and making him stumble away.“HOW DARE YOU-“ He regained his balance and swung a fist at Seokjin who easily evaded it. He gave him a quick upper punch to the jaw that made him fall and groan in pain.“Taehyung!” He left him on the floor and ran inside, Taehyung was peeking from his bedroom door, his eyes wide with fear and his face wet with streaks of tears. He was clutching a blanket to his chest and was breathing heavily. He looked like a mess, Seokjin’s heart broke at his state. “C’mon let’s go.” He mutely took Jin’s outstretched hand and let himself be led outside.“YOU THINK YOU CAN RUN AWAY FROM ME?! YOU’LL END UP COMING BACK HERE AND THEN I’LL PUNISH YOU FOR THIS.” The guy laughed hysterically from the ground. Taehyung trembled and Jin wrapped his arm around his shoulders, opened the car door for him and made sure he was safely inside before going to his side and driving away immediately.



Chapter End Notes
Please support me, thank you!


Chapter 2
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Taehyung was leaning on the window, whimpering the whole way and moaning softly. Seokjin looked at him worriedly, he has never seen a more intense heat. His sweet vanilla scent was so thick inside the closed car it almost made him lose his mind and take him right there. He was glad he agreed, he didn’t know what would happen if Taehyung had spent it alone, what with all the horny alphas lurking the streets and waiting for any vulnerable omega to pounce on. There was an increase in rape cases in their shitty city.
‘And that son of a bitch drunkard, who knows what he would have done.’“Taehyung.. we’re almost there ok? Just a few more minutes.” He was waiting for the traffic light so he reached over and ran his hand comfortingly over his hair and shoulders. He was burning up and he moaned as soon as his fingers touched him. “Please..please.” He sobbed incoherently, twisting in his seat.Seokjin increased his speed after the lights went green, he almost exceeded the speed limit. But he didn’t care, he couldn’t bear seeing Taehyung in this state for longer.————Seokjin parked the car and quickly got out and opened the door for Taehyung who couldn’t walk straight and stumbled on his feet. He picked him up, bridal style, and the boy nuzzled himself closer to Jin, his face pressing into the scent gland on his neck. “Mmhnn~” he pressed his hot lips to Jin’s neck, his tongue coming out to taste it and his teeth nipping it softly. “Alpha please..” he moaned.“Soon, baby.” He struggled with opening the door with his hands full. His body was already reacting to the close proximity and the intense sweet smell. The hand under his thighs was getting soaked from the slick that was coming out of him in copious amounts.“Fuck c’mon!” He finally got the keys and opened the door, shutting it with his foot. He adjusted Taehyung so that he was straddling him and slammed him to the wall, claiming his lips harshly. He was like a starving man who finally tasted the sweetest nectar. He licked at his lips and invaded his mouth with his tongue, tasting his cavern. His hand moved over his thigh till he reached the soaked entrance and probed it with his finger. Taehyung moaned loudly into his mouth, arching his back and pressing himself to him more.He moved to his neck, sucking on it and biting the delicate skin leaving small marks in his trail. He licked at the scent gland and sucked at the sensitive area feeling Taehyung shiver and whimper.“Please!” Taehyung begged into his lips as Seokjin claimed them again, biting them as he held him and took him to the bedroom. He soothed the abused lips with his tongue as they both fell to the bed.He rid them both of their clothes since Taehyung was a whimpering mess and in no state to do it. The clothes were stuck to his skin and he got frustrated and ripped the shirt off before peeling the soaked pants and boxers from his legs and freeing his hot hard member.  He ran a finger over it and Taehyung cried out, his hand enveloped it and pumped it a bit making it squirt a little precum. It was rock hard and throbbing and he couldn’t resist tasting him, he took it into his mouth making Taehyung moan loudly and his fingers clench around the sheets, his knuckles going white.He swirled his tongue around the base then ran it upward to the wet top, sucking on the head, while his hand pumped the base. This was all it took for Taehyung to come, the quick release surprising them both. “Done already?” The alpha smirked at the boy breathing heavily. His cheeks were flushed and his curly hair spread around his head like a halo, the bangs sticking to his forehead. “M- more, I need more..” he mumbled arching his back. He looked absolutely beautifully wrecked. Seokjin claimed his lips again in a dirty kiss. His fingers circling his thigh and getting inside the treasure waiting for him. He planned to cherish every part of Taehyung. Taehyung jumped at the sudden entrance then pressed himself to his finger.“Baby you’re soaked, do you taste as sweet as you smell?” He spoke over his mouth, every word brushing their lips together. He brought his hand up and licked his finger, humming appreciatively at the coconuty taste.He pushed his thighs open wider and put them over his shoulders before diving between them to lap at the wet hole, Taehyung mewled and sobbed as he continued eating him out. His cock was so hard again. “P-please! I need-“ he was cut off by Jin’s tongue inserting into his hole, he saw stars. “Nngh~” He was moaning continuously, not even trying to stop himself and tears leaked out of his eyes. “Hmm? What do you need?” Jin smiled teasingly, looking up at him from between his legs and he was suddenly frustrated. “K-knot me, I can’t take it.” He pleaded. “Your wish is my command.” Seokjin gave a final lick to the leaking hole as he got up, he pushed Taehyung’s legs up, and adjusted his throbbing cock over it. He wanted to fuck into him hard and rough but he had to remember it was Taehyung’s first time and even with the slick it would hurt him. That was the last thing he wanted.He pushed himself in slowly wincing at the tightness, it barely took in his head. “Fuck!” He gripped his thighs hard, it would surely leave marks and steadied himself to keep the slow pace. Taehyung gasped and whimpered, the more he entered the more his sounds increased. “So fucking tight.” He gritted his teeth.Taehyung had his eyes shut tight and his brows furrowed as his mouth kept making small sounds. He leaned down and peppered his cheeks with kisses, going to his jaw and his neck, till he reached his nipples. He licked his lips and took the hard bud into his mouth, distracting Taehyung by his tongue playing with the sensitive part. He pushed himself swiftly and they both moaned loudly as he was buried to the hilt, his member completely sheathed in the tight muscles.It took all of his strength not to move and wait for Taehyung to get used to the foreign feeling. “Are you ok? Relax.” He whispered and kissed his lips, running his hands over his rigid body. Taehyung nodded and relaxed his muscles a little, taking a shaky breathe “Y-you can move.” he said softly. Seokjin kept himself restrained as he slowly pushed out then in again, slowly moving. He increased his speed unconsciously, while Taehyung moaned loudly and tried meeting his thrusts.  “F-faster.” He moaned wantonly. Seokjin tightened his grip on his hips as he fucked into him, their bodies making obscene noises as they met each other again and again. He changed their positions and made Taehyung sit on top of him, fucking himself over his cock as he thrusted harder into him. He sat up and caught his lips, drinking in his moans. He pumped his cock and he screamed, spraying himself all over their stomachs.His muscles tightened around him making him gasp. His rut was approaching fast, he twisted Taehyung again and moved his legs, giving him a deeper penetration. He was babbling and repeating his name like a mantra “Seokjin.. Seokjin.. Seokjin.” His mind was nothing but Seokjin and the overstimulation he was giving him. He screamed as his third orgasm hit him hard. Seokjin groaned “Taehyung!” as he spilled his hot seed inside him, the walls milking his cock of every drop.He felt the base of his dick inflating as his knot formed locking him inside Taehyung. He hugged him close to his chest, keeping their connected bodies between them. He was breathing harshly. He kissed his forehead and cheeks and moved the sweaty locks away from his face. His hands framed his face as he looked into his eyes, his face was rosy and glowing, lips red and bitten, shining with saliva. Taehyung smiled at him sweetly and pecked his lips, then nuzzled his head
into his scent gland, taking in his pheromones. He sighed and closed his eyes immediately falling into a deep slumber.Seokjin chuckled endeared and kissed his hair before letting sleep over take him.———— Seokjin woke up to the sound of his alarm set to 7 am in the morning. He fumbled for the phone on the bedside table to quickly shut it off before Taehyung wakes up. After finally shutting it off he looked at Taehyung who was cuddled up to his side, he only hummed but didn’t wake up. He extracted himself slowly from Taehyung and untangled their legs to go talk outside to his boss outside. Seokjin worked as a lawyer at a big law firm and he was pretty close to the boss so he trusted him and he was sure he wouldn’t have any problems with him taking a few days off since he couldn’t leave Taehyung in the middle of his heat.He ran his hands over Taehyung’s soft hair and patted his head before going out and dialing his number. “Hello?” Myung’s groggy voice answered. “I hope you have a good reason for calling this early, whoever you are.” He grumbled. Seokjin rolled his eyes “It’s me boss, I called to inform you I will be taking a few days off because my.. uhh.. boyfriend has his heat and I gotta spend it with him.”“Ooh? Yeah of course.. You need to relax a little anyway, always so stiff at the office. This would help you to release some of that tension.” His ears burned, his boss was snickering.“Uhm yeah, goodbye then.”
“Have fun Seokjin!” He shut his phone and shook his head at his embarrassing boss.“Seokjinn!” He heard Taehyung’s muffled moan from the bedroom and quickly went to see him. “Are you okay, love?” The endearment slipped from his lips without his notice and he was mildly surprised at himself.“W-water.” He whispered, he was parched, it felt like he hadn’t drank water for a year.“Yes, of course!” He quickly got him a chilled water bottle and a large glass and filled it for him.Taehyung chugged the water almost making himself choke and finished it in seconds. “More?” Jin asked and filled it again when he nodded. He sighed in relief when his thirst was quenched and then fell back to the bed after giving him the empty glass. He felt the knot in his stomach forming again and his body growing hot, the warm slick coming out of him. He groaned and made grabby hands at Jin. “Help me.” He whimpered.“I’ll take care of you don’t worry.” Seokjin said softly and went into his arms to kiss his lips and caress his hardening cock.



Chapter End Notes
Hello! I hope you like this chapter, it’s my first attempt at smut so I’m sorry if it’s not good, I will practice to get better! Also thank you soo much to everyone who read, left kudos and commented! I was so so happy yesterday with all the support, I almost cried T.TI hope you like the rest and continue to support, love youu <3


Chapter 3
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




The next time Taehyung woke up he saw Seokjin’s sleeping face right in front of him, his lips were slightly opened and his arms were wrapped tightly around his waist. ‘He’s so cute.’ He booped his nose and stifled a giggle when his face scrunched up in annoyance.He felt a little better now, his mind was more clear, the hazy heat was gone. But Taehyung knew this was a temporary break, he knew heats typically lasted for 3 to 4 days and a first heat could stretch into a week. He hoped not. As much as he enjoyed the sex with Seokjin, his body was already so sore. He removed Seokjin’s heavy arm and sat up slowly. His body was covered with dried cum, slick and sweat, he needed to shower asap. He ran a hand through his stiff hair, untangling the knots with his fingers and decided to just go take one and leave Seokjin sleeping.
He winced when he tried to move and felt the pain shoot up to him. ‘Why did Seokjin have to be so big anyway? My ass hurts so much.’
He went into the bathroom connected to the room and started to shower.———-Seokjin woke up to the sound of the shower running. He looked at the time, it was 1 pm. He figured he could fix a quick brunch as he waits for Taehyung to finish his shower, he needed to feed him and hydrate him well, he reminded himself. He pulled on his sweatpants and went to the kitchen to make Taehyung’s favorite food. Taehyung shut the water off after finishing, he toweled himself dry with the folded towels on the bathroom counter, squeezing the water out of his hair. ‘I smell like Seokjin now.’ He smiled at the thought. He looked at his naked body in the large mirror and froze remembering he never brought clothes with him. ‘Stupid Taehyung.’ With what happened last night and them leaving so quickly he forgot to bring the bag he had prepared before.‘Shit it also has my contraceptive pills, I need to remember to take them right after the heat ends.’ He made a mental note, wrapping the towel around his waist and got out. The bedroom was empty, but there was a delicious aroma coming from outside that made his mouth water. He grinned in excitement going out ‘Seokjin’s cooking is the best!’“Seokjin!” He paused “hyung.” He said as an after thought because when did he start dropping the honorific outside of his thoughts? Seokjin looked up from the stove, smiled when he saw him “I think you can drop the hyung now, I heard you moaning my name multiple times yesterday remember?” He smirked.Taehyung blushed and covered his face “Shut up!” “You’re so cute when you’re embarrassed, get dressed and come eat.” Seokjin came in front of him and removed his hand from his face, not letting it go after. He blushed more at the close proximity and his naked chest in front of him, his abs were defined and his shoulders were so wide, narrowing at the waist perfectly. He licked his lips. “Or do you prefer eating like that? I certainly don’t mind.” Jin smirked again and Taehyung hit his chest and pouted in mock annoyance.“Ouch!” Jin yelled and rubbed his chest and Taehyung rolled his eyes. “It wasn’t even hard. Anyway I can’t wear my dirty clothes and I forgot to bring any after my uncle.. you know, sorry.” Jin sobered up after hearing his glum voice when he mentioned his uncle.“You can take mine silly, it’s no problem.” He led him to the room still holding his hand, and gave him the softest sweater and pants he had. “I’ll take a quick shower then join you, help yourself, I made your favorites.” He smiled softly and touched his cheeks lightly. The answering boxy grin made his insides melt, the boy nodded happily and he left him to the bathroom.———- “Hyung! I mean Seokjin, don’t you have work? Is it okay to skip?” Taehyung furrowed his brows. He has already finished his food and the orange juice Seokjin gave him (“You need to be well hydrated.” he said).Seokjin looked up from his food that he started later than Taehyung “Yeah it’s fine, I called them earlier and took a few days off till your heat ends.”Taehyung looked down guiltily “I’m so sorry, I haven’t thought about this.. I know how much you value your work.”“Taehyung look at me.” He pulled his chin up with his fingers, “It’s just for a few days, besides I work too much anyway according to my boss.” He smiled. “It’s completely fine.” He pecked his lips. Taehyung chased his lips and deepened the kiss, wrapping his arms around his neck.“Thank you.” He whispered after breaking the kiss and Seokjin smiled, pecked him again and went back to finish his food.  “Want to watch a movie? Go pick one and I’ll wash the dishes.” Seokjin took the empty dishes to the sink. “No no Seokjin I’ll do it, you already cooked.” Taehyung rushed to take them from him but he backed out of his reach.“I won’t let you do anything, you need to rest, did you think I didn’t notice your stagger?” “But-“ “No buts, they’re just two dishes and a few pans it’ll only take a minute. Go set up our movie and get your milkshake from the fridge.”“Okay.” He smiled to himself, Seokjin was so caring he already envied whoever would mate him. He was an alpha but he was so kind and gentle, it was so rare to find someone like him. His heart skipped a beat as he imagined how life would be as Seokjin’s mate, he felt a pang of longing in his chest and shook his imagines away. ‘It’s useless to dream.. who would want someone like me after knowing the whole truth.’ He sighed heavily. —————They were in the middle of the movie when Taehyung felt his body getting hot and wet again, he looked at Seokjin on his left who was watching the movie. He was wearing a white v-neck shirt that showed the top of his chest and his collarbones and hugged his abs deliciously. Taehyung bit his lips, he wanted to touch it. He wanted Seokjin. He got up and dropped himself onto a surprised Jin’s lap, straddling his hips and pressing himself against his dick, rubbing it slowly and moaned when he felt it slowly coming to life. Seokjin chuckled “Feeling bold now, are we?” He grabbed his hips and kissed him deeply, slightly thrusting against his clothed entrance.Taehyung moaned into the kiss as their tongues battled for dominance. He removed Jin’s shirt and touched all over his hard chest, he was more aware of himself this time and wanted to release his fantasies. He secretly thought Seokjin was the sexiest alpha he saw. “I want to show you a good time too.” He mumbled against his lips and went down between this legs to kiss and lick all over that delicious chest. His teeth grazed Seokjin’s v-line, he put a hand over the pants’ waistband and looked up at Seokjin silently asking for permission.Seokjin nodded and helped him remove the pants and boxers and sat there naked, his hard dick jutting out. He was amused at this new side of Taehyung and was curious how far he’ll go. Taehyung gapped a little, he hadn’t taken a good look at it till now. He knew it was big but this was huge! How did he manage to take all this inside him? He felt more slick coming out as he imagined it filling him so good. He moved closer and gave it an experimental lick, Seokjin inhaled sharply and put his hands in his hair, encouraging him. He licked it again, longer this time moving from the base to the top. He tried to do like he saw in pornos and took it all into his mouth but gagged and sputtered. Seokjin chuckled “Take it easy, baby.” He blushed in embarrassment. He tried again stretching his lips over the top as he engulfed it into his mouth and gave it a long deep suck, pumping the base with his other hand. “Hmm your dick is so big, I love it.” He kissed it and Seokjin laughed again.
The knot in his stomach tightened painfully, he was so turned on and he needed release.“Seokjin I want you inside me please.” He panted and let Seokjin pull him up, remove all his clothes and lay him on the sofa. He opened his legs, he was so wet already and entered him swiftly, in a single sharp stroke. He gasped “Yes! Hard!” Seokjin moved fast and thrusted into him deeply a few times. He bent his legs and thrusted again hitting the sensitive bundle of nerves inside him. He screamed at the pleasure and his nails scratched against Jin’s back, “Yes! Right there please!” Seokjin claimed his lips, drinking his moans as he continued his thrusting, fucking him without abandon. He was unhinged now and encouraged by Taehyung’s loud moans and whimpers. Taehyung came forcefully, the sudden sensation making his vision go blurry, he was almost blacking out with the force of his orgasm. Seokjin gave a few more hard plunges, the extra tightening muscles making it easier for him to reach his release, his cum shooting deep inside him. He fell on top of Taehyung and made sure to adjust their positions to not crush him as he let his knot form inside him. They were both breathing heavily and covered with sweat. Seokjin kissed his lips lightly and rested his forehead over his, looking into his beautiful expressive eyes. Taehyung blushed prettily “What?” “Nothing,” he smiled “You’re just so beautiful.” His blush deepened, “You’re beautiful too..” he whispered.Seokjin grinned fondly and pecked his lips, cuddling him to his chest and letting him rest over it as his fingers played with his soft hair.———-The next 4 days were spent the same way, having sex, sleeping, eating and having more sex. Not that Seokjin was complaining, the complete opposite. He liked this life with Taehyung but alas all good things must come to an end. Taehyung’s heat ended and they had to go back to the real world soon.“Thank you so much hyung, for doing this for me.” Taehyung said earnestly.The use of the honorific again was not lost on Seokjin. It was like Taehyung was rebuilding the walls again and forming boundaries. He was so free and affectionate those past few days that it made Seokjin hope, he thought he would change after everything that happened, he even wanted to ask him to date officially. But after Taehyung woke up and found his heat has ended he immediately closed off and wanted to leave asap. He was only staying for breakfast then going back to his house.“Taehyungie I told you to call me Seokjin,” he said gently “and it’s no problem at all.”He smiled a little and nodded, taking a bite out of his food. The sad glint was back into his eyes and Seokjin didn’t know what to do.. ‘what changed so suddenly?’“Taehyung.. I was thinking, are you sure it’s safe to go back to your house? I mean.. is your uncle always like that?” Taehyung whipped his head up, looking at him with wide eyes, a flash of surprise  coming over them. He hesitated before saying, “Not all the time..” Seokjin took a deep breath, he has never prodded into Taehyung’s home situation because the boy barely ever spoke about it, and he didn’t want to pressure him but after meeting the bastard he couldn’t help but worry.“Taehyung, I need you to tell me, has he ever.. hit you?” He swallowed, “You looked so scared of him. I’m just worried.” He said  gently and grabbed his hands, squeezing them between his.“N-no he hasn’t.. don’t worry hyun-Seokjin everything is fine.” He gave him a fake smile and tried his best to make it look convincing. “Truly! If I need anything I’ll tell you.”
‘I’m sorry Seokjin I can’t tell you the truth.. I don’t want you to hate me.’ “Are you sure?”
“Yes! Definitely.”Seokjin was suspicious but the pleading look in Taehyung’s eyes made him not push. He was definitely hiding something. But he decided to let him be for now, he knew he would tell him when he was ready. “Alright then.. I want to talk to you about something else.” He gave his hands another gentle squeeze.Taehyung tilted his head cutely, “What is it?”“Taehyung, would you like to go out with me?” He smiled “I like you and I want to know you more, why don’t we try dating?”‘No no please...’ Taehyung shook his head and snatched his hands back “I’m sorry hyung I can’t. I have to go.” He got up quickly and almost ran to the door.“Wait! Taehyung! I’ll drive you.” Seokjin tamped down his hurt at being rejected like that and followed him.“No no I want to walk, bye hyung thank you again.” He opened the door and quickly left, leaving a stunned Seokjin behind. He sighed and ran a hand over his hair ‘What just happened? Stupid Seokjin, so so stupid. Just because you had sex he has to fall for you? Nothing changed.’ he pressed his lips together bitterly. Looks like he was the only one that felt their connection..————Taehyung swiped off another tear harshly out of his eyes, they wouldn’t stop falling. His heart felt as if someone tore it out of his chest and stomped on it with all his strength. He clutched his aching chest. He couldn’t forget the hurt in Seokjin’s eyes when he rejected him. He longed to run back into his arms and kiss him and agree to date him but he couldn’t. He couldn’t date him without telling him the truth and he couldn’t stand the way he would surely look at Taehyung in disgust if he told him. So he had to run away. He rubbed his eyes with the long sleeves of Jin’s hoodie and sniffled. He was close to home and he didn’t want his uncle to see him crying if he was there.He opened the door and the familiar scent of alcohol and his uncle’s unpleasant odor invaded his nostrils. His nose wrinkled in distaste. He got used to Seokjin’s fresh smell and his musky pheromones he forgot that not everyone smelt as good as him.His uncle wasn’t home, he exhaled in relief, going into his room and charging his phone to look at what he missed. Seokjin suggested getting it for him but he didn’t want to chance another encounter between Hyunki and Seokjin. Engrossed on his phone, he heard the door opening “Look who finally came back. You think you can come and go as you please?!” His uncle’s voice boomed through the house.



Chapter End Notes
You’ll know what’s happening with Tae soon hehe. Again hope you enjoy and tell me your thoughts so far, your support and comments give me life <3


Chapter 4
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




TW: attempted rape/non-con___________________________ He was texting Jimin when he heard the door opening “Look who finally came back. You think you can come and go as you please?!” His uncle’s voice boomed through the house.“You smell disgustingly like that alpha, he fucked you good huh?” He came to the room and Taehyung clutched his phone tightly, not replying. His uncle was so angry, he thought he would’ve got over it already or just forgot about it, but that wasn’t the case. Maybe he wasn’t so drunk that day. ‘Shit.’“Answer me you slut! Did you spread your legs for him like the needy bitch you are? You seduce me then dare leave with that fucker?!” He advanced closer to Taehyung who back away against the wall. With shaky fingers he tried to open the phone that he hid behind his back to call Seokjin. The look in Hyunki’s eyes made the hairs on his neck stand in fear. He was thumbing at the phone blindly, he thought he pressed call but he could never be sure.“You thought you will get away with this? No one denies me!” He slapped him and held his hair tightly in his fist, Taahyung gasped, tears falling out of his eyes. The phone slid off from his hand.“I’ll teach you to defy me again, I’ve been waiting for your heat to do this and you stole it from me, just like you stole everything else and ruined my life.” He spat on his face, pulling his hair tighter and pushed his head up. With his other hand he tore his pants away from his legs harshly. “Please don’t.. stop stop please, I’m sorry” Taehyung sobbed hysterically. “Your heat ended so you’ll have to take it dry, this will be your punishment.”“No! No! Help me! Please help me!” He screamed.“Stop it! Stop!” Taehyung pushed against him in vain, and tried to get away but Hyunki shoved him against the wall hard, pining him and effectively trapping him.Hyunki slapped him harder “Shut up bitch, don’t move or I swear I’ll kill you! You don’t deserve to live anyway, I should’ve done this a long time ago. You’re just a useless bitch.” He threatened, pulling a knife from his pocket and putting it over his neck, drawing blood. It was over for him, that was it, he knew Hyunki will end him after having his fill. And no one will hear his screams or care, since they lived in a shady area where this was the norm.“But I have to taste you first, I’m going to enjoy this.” Hyunki ran his tongue over his neck, he shuddered in disgust, and tried to get away but the knife on his throat prevented him from moving. Tears streamed silently down his cheeks as he felt helpless.————Seokjin was sitting on his phone trying to distract himself when Taehyung called him, ‘Did he change his mind?’ Seokjin’s heart skipped as he replied instantly. “Hello-““Please don’t.. stop stop please, I’m sorry” Taehyung’s faint voice came in and he sprang up in fear.“Taehyung? What are-“ “Your heat ended so you’ll have to take it dry, this will be your punishment.” Another voice came in and Seokjin’s heart dropped, he didn’t stop to think as his body reacted immediately and he ran to his car, Taehyung’s cries in his ear.“No! No! Help me! Please help me!” He screamed.He drove at the fastest speed, evading all the cars and not paying attention to any traffic lights, his heart beat wildly in his chest as he prayed he reaches him on time.The car tires screeched against the street as he parked it haphazardly and got out quickly. He tried to open the door and found it locked, so he kicked it open, the old weak handles snapping under the force of his kick. He ran inside to Taehyung’s room finding him trapped on the wall with his uncle humping over him and he saw red.He grabbed his shoulder and twisted him slamming his knuckles into his jaw the hardest he could. Before he could even process what’s happening Jin was above him in a flash, hitting his face repeatedly with no mercy or holding back. Blood splashed over his face and hands as he beat him but he didn’t even notice.Only the sound of soft cries behind him snapped him back to reality, he looked at the guy’s bloody unrecognizable face, he was out cold or dead. Seokjin didn’t care to know which one. He was breathing heavily and seething with rage but when he looked back into the terrified teary eyes of Taehyung, he felt himself soften and went to gather the shaking boy into his arms. “You’re safe now.. no one will hurt you anymore.” He vowed hugging him tightly.Taehyung burst into loud sobs, clutching his shirt tightly. “I-I was s-so s-s-scared.” He hiccuped into his chest.“Shh I’m here, I’m here.” He soothed as he rocked him gently, all the while mumbling comforting words into his ear.He picked him up and let his head rest into the crook of his neck, buried in his scent gland and increased his pheromones to comfort him. He took him to the car and drove off to his apartment.————Taehyung stayed cuddled up on Seokjin’s lap on the sofa, breathing in his pheromones. His tears have dried over his face and he wanted to take a shower and scrub himself clean but he couldn’t bring himself to get up. He felt safe there inside the cocoon of Seokjin’s arms, being surrounded by him and shielded from anything in the outside world. He hadn’t talked and Seokjin only whispered sweet nothings to calm him, covering them both by a soft blanket. His hands were buried into his hair and he dropped kisses over his head occasionally.“Taehyung..” he whispered gently “baby, you need to eat. It’s almost dinner time and you haven’t had anything since breakfast.” He rubbed his hair.Huh it was dinner time.. he didn’t notice the time flying at all. He swallowed against his dry, scratchy throat “Y-yes. I will take a shower f-first.” He croaked.Seokjin got up, still holding him and took him to the room. He sat him on the bed and got him a change of clothes. “Wait, I’ll get you some juice first.” He made a move to go out but Taehyung’s hold on his shirt stopped him. “D-don’t l-leave.” He looked back at the wide fearful eyes getting filled with tears and his heart shattered. “It’s okay love, I’m not going anywhere. Here come with me.” He helped him up and after seeing him walk shakily he picked him up in his arms again.He sat him on the kitchen counter and gave him a glass filled with orange juice. He watched as Taehyung drank it obediently, holding the glass with both hands and taking small sips, the blanket still wrapped around him, covering his torn clothes. He looked so small and vulnerable like that, it pained him to see his Taehyung so subdued. The pain in his heart was followed by a flash of anger at the son of a bitch who did this to him. He was going to make him suffer.“I’m sorry..for being so clingy. I will go take a shower now.” Taehyung’s soft whisper broke the silence. Seokjin caressed his cheek gently, “Never apologize. You can be as clingy as you want. Do you want me to help you shower?”“No no I’m better now. Thank you.”“Call for me if you need anything, I’ll prepare some dinner ok?” He nodded and left towards the bedroom, taking the clothes Seokjin got for him and went to shower.‘I have to make sure that bastard is locked up.’ Seokjin got his phone and dialed the number.“Seokjin! You finally remembered your friend.” A grumbling voice came on.“Hey Yoongs, sorry I was just busy.. but I need your help with something.” He said gravely, Yoongi was a police officer and Jin’s friend, they used to be roommates during college and he knew he could count on him to take care of it.“Sure, what can I do?”Seokjin told him about what happened with Taehyung.“Shit! Is he okay?!” Yoongi asked worriedly.“I guess he will be.. I think I reached him on time but he’s still shaken up.”“Yeah I understand.. So did you just leave the dude lying on the floor?”“Yes. I need you to have him locked up, and we’re going to press charges for sexual assault. The bastard needs to pay, he’s lucky I didn’t kill him.” Seokjin spat, clenching his fists in anger.“Alright then. Just take care of Taehyung and don’t worry about it. I’ll deal with him.” Yoongi assured, his voice dark with promise. He isn’t as close as Seokjin or Jimin are to Taehyung, but he has a soft spot for the boy so he was going to make sure the guy gets what he deserves.“Thanks Yoongi.” “Don’t mention it.” He ended the call and continued on with making dinner.________Taehyung scrubbed hard at the places hyunki touched, never feeling clean enough. The hot water took the soap and ran down the drain and he imagined it taking the feel of his hands over his body with it. He wanted to erase every trace of what happened. After his body felt raw from scrubbing, he shut off the water and toweled himself as he looked at his reflection in the mirror.He gasped when he saw the purple bruises all over his neck. His body shook as he remembered the feel of hyunki’s mouth on his skin licking and biting harshly. He gagged and then steadied himself over the counter, holding it tightly as he looked away taking deep breaths, he felt as if his lungs were constricting and the air wasn’t enough.The stinging in his neck made him remember the cut he made with the knife. The feeling of helplessness and fear when he thought he would be killed came crashing down on him and he screamed in agony.The door burst open and Seokjin found him on the floor holding his head down while sobbing. “I got you, I got you.” He hugged him tightly and rocked him back and forth.“It was an accident! I swear I didn’t mean to! I didn’t mean to.” He kept mumbling again and again. Seokjin didn’t know what he was talking about but he kept agreeing and telling him that it wasn’t his fault, that he didn’t do anything wrong.“Seokjin..? You know it’s not my fault?” The boy looked at him, his eyes filled with so much anguish and guilt and fear.“Yes love, I know I know.” He reassured him.Taehyung looked like he snapped out of whatever it was that took a hold of him and he shook his head, left his arms and wore his clothes silently.“I’m better now, let’s go.” he repeated the phrase from earlier, as if trying to convince himself and got out of the bathroom. Seokjin’s heart bled for him but he didn’t know what to do.They ate silently, Taehyung picking at the food more than eating and never meeting Seokjin’s eyes. He didn’t want to upset him but he had to ask to make sure he doesn’t require medical attention. After all he didn’t know what happened, he thought he reached them before it got too far since the bastard still had his clothes on but after his earlier breakdown he wasn’t sure anymore.“Taehyung, are you hurt anywhere? Do you need to go to the hospital?”“No.. I’m fine.” He said automatically, too fast.“Are you sure? Did he..I mean-““He didn’t.” He replied firmly. “You reached me on time, Seokjin.” He looked into his eyes this time and he could see he was telling the truth. He breathed out a sigh of relief.“Then what was that about earlier?” He blurted out before he could stop himself.“I-I will tell you e-everything, just please not now.” Taehyung’s bottom lip trembled as his eyes filled with tears and Jin felt so guilty, he didn’t mean to push him.“Baby I’m so sorry, take all the time you need. I’ll always be here for you.” Seokjin got up and hugged him, caressing his hair in apology.“Let’s get you to bed now, you should rest.” He nodded against his chest and let himself be held and put into the soft bed.Seokjin shut the lights, laid next to him and kissed his forehead sweetly “Sleep.” He whispered and pulled him closer, the feel of Seokjin’s arms and his smell and the familiar soft bed was enough to make his mind go back to the good times and temporary forget everything. He fell asleep to the lull of Seokjin’s comforting heartbeat. ———— The phone ringing woke Seokjin up. He looked at the screen with blurry eyes, it was his boss. He tried to go out to take the call without waking up Taehyung but he hugged his arm in a tight clutch, not letting it go no matter what Jin tried.“Hello.” He whispered as he pressed answer, trying to keep his voice as hushed as possible.“Seokjin! You’re still not coming to work? I know I told you to take a break but your clients are starting to complain.”“Can’t they go to someone else? Hoseok and Sanduel are there..”“They want you to handle their cases because you’re the best we got.” His boss complained. “After me of course.” ‘Then why don’t you handle them if you’re so good?’ He thought in annoyance.“Sorry Myung-nim, some things happened and.. I have to take more time off.”“Seokjin, I’m only allowing this because I know how diligent you are and you must have a good reason for this..” Myung sighed. “Take today off but you have to come back tomorrow, we have so many important cases waiting and we don’t want to anger our clients. The law firm has a reputation to uphold. I’m sure you understand, right?” He said.“I do but tomorrow is too soon. I have personal stuff going on and I can’t-““No buts Seokjin! I’ll see you tomorrow, got it?” His voice was laced with warning.Seokjin clenched his jaw, he didn’t like this but he needed his job. He couldn’t wait to open his own law firm. “Yes Myung-nim.”“Perfect. Bye!” He said and hung up, leaving Seokjin with his thoughts. He didn’t want to leave Taehyung alone so soon but what could he do? Jimin and Namjoon weren’t coming back till next week. He rubbed his temples in irritation.The sound of soft sniffles brought him out of his reverie. He looked at Taehyung to find him burrowing his face into the pillow trying to hide it and his hand was pressed to his mouth to stop the little sounds.“Baby what’s wrong? Are you hurting?” He rubbed his back gently, eyebrows furrowed in worry.He shook his head, “I’m so sorry!”“Why?”“You’re not going to work because of me. I keep involving you with my shit when you didn’t ask for any of this.” He cried.“What are you saying, you didn’t force me to do anything. I want to be involved with you.. this is my choice.” He caressed his cheeks and wiped the tears off with his thumbs.“But you don’t know anything! You’re going to hate me when you know.. just like everyone else. ” More tears poured out of his eyes. “Please Seokjin go back to your work, I’ll be f-fine. Just give me a few days and I’ll find a place to live and you can go back to your life.”“Taehyung, I could never hate you.” He kissed his forehead reverently, stroking his hair. “Don’t say that, stay with me for however long you want, stay forever even. I don’t mind. I have a spare room if you don’t want to sleep here. Let me take care of you.”“I don’t deserve your kindness..” he croaked his voice hollow.“You do.” He gave him another soft kiss. “Please don’t cry, it breaks my heart.”Taehyung took a shuddering breath and tried to stop the tears for Seokjin. He had him caused enough trouble already. He was so thankful he had him.. he couldn’t imagine what would’ve happened if he didn’t.He pushed his face into Seokjin’s chest and hugged him tightly, conveying all his gratefulness in that silent hug. Seokjin patted his back and dropped kisses to his hair till he fell asleep again.



Chapter End Notes
Hii I’m back! Hope you enjoy this chapter and don’t hate me, it had to be done :( Hope you continue to read and tell me your thoughts please, I love your comments so much <3On another note, did you see the concept photos of 7? *squealing* They’re all so beautiful!! My favorites are version 2 and 4, tell me what’s yours? I’m so excited for this comeback!!


Chapter 5
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Seokjin was doing some work on his laptop and reviewing a few cases his boss sent him. He couldn’t even let him have today completely off, he rolled his eyes.Taehyung was sitting down beside him, just watching him work in silent wonder. He loved watching him so concentrated on his work. His mind wandered. He promised he would tell Seokjin everything soon and he owed him that after everything he did for him and without asking anything in return. He chewed on his bottom lip anxiously as he worried about Seokjin’s reaction. Would he still allow him to stay? Would he even look at him the same way, with those gentle eyes full of fondness? Or will that fondness turn into disappointment or worse.. disgust. His eyes watered when he thought about that, he couldn’t take it if Seokjin hated him. Should he.. omit the truth?“Taehyung? I’m almost done with work, after that we can order Panda Express.” He gave him a soft smile. “You need to eat more, your breakfast was almost untouched.” A single tear slipped out of his eyes, here he was thinking about lying to Seokjin while he was worried about him and taking care of him. “What’s wrong, baby? It’s ok if you don’t want it, we can order something else or I can cook.” Seokjin caressed his hair and looked at him with concern.Taehyung shook his head “I don’t deserve you.” He burst into tears and covered his face with both hands. He needed to tell him everything. The whole truth or the guilt would eat him alive.“Taehyung why do you keep saying that? Please look at me.” He said in concern, removing his hands from his face. He looked at his tear stained face “Why do you think so low of yourself?” He whispered.“I’ll t-tell you everything.” He gripped his hand tightly, and Seokjin squeezed it back, encouraging him to continue with his eyes. “It started when I was 14 years old..” ********* Taehyung took another puff of his cigarette and passed it to his other friends. They were at a hidden corner between the school buildings. “Guys who wanna come with me to my gang? They’re recruiting young alphas now.” Henjung said, he was 17, the oldest and the leader of their group. Everyone wanted to be his friend, Taehyung was lucky to be accepted into their group. His built wasn’t small and he didn’t look like an omega so he passed himself off as an alpha or beta to be able to fit in with them. Even when he secretly felt he was an omega. But he wanted to belong so badly to his friends.“Ooh I’m in.” “Me too.” “I’m failing at school anyway I need this.” They laughed.“What about you, Taehyung?” Henjung looked at him pointedly, “You’re the youngest but you got potential. Join us.”He hesitated, he didn’t want to be in a gang he just wanted to have friends and belong with them.. his mom warned him about his friends multiple times but he always ignored her, she was worried for nothing, he was 14 now he knew what he was doing.“What? You scared?” Doyoon sneered. “Always knew he was a pussy, I told you we shouldn’t take him with us.”“I’m not scared! I’ll go.” Taehyung clenched his fists, he was shaking on the inside, but he tried to appear as strong as an alpha.“Good. Meet me tonight at 8 pm in front of the school.” Henjung smoked his cigarette while looking at Taehyung. The glint in his eyes made him feel uncomfortable but he stood his ground and returned the glare. Henjung smirked and stomped on the cigarette end. Taehyung walked back home, troubled. His mom was going to flip if she knew. ‘That’s why she can’t know.’“Mom I’m home!” He closed the door and was going straight to his room when her voice stopped him.“Taehyung! Come here we need to talk.”He sighed and went to the kitchen, sitting on the counter and waiting for the lecture that would surely begin.“Your school called again, you skipped another class?? Taehyung what happened to you?? ” She crossed her arms as she gave him a disapproving gaze.She adopted Taehyung since he was a small 3 year old. She had lost her husband and child and she was in a bad state and almost gave up on herself but when she was volunteering at the orphanage and saw sweet little Taehyung with his large glittering eyes looking at her innocently, and giving her his boxy smile, she immediately fell in love with him and knew she couldn’t leave him. She raised him as if he was her own. She was well off on money and she tried to give him everything he wanted and needed. But recently he was going through a rebellious phase, and she didn’t know what to do with him, his grades have been declining since he met those new ‘friends’.“School is boring.”
“So you want to be a drop out? You need it to find a decent job!”“I don’t want to.” He replied stubbornly.“I won’t be here for you forever, you need to study to make something out of yourself, didn’t you want to be an actor when you were little? What happened to that?” She frowned.He snorted “That was just childish dreams.”“They aren’t, you can still do that or anything you want.. just study and don’t skip school anymore ok? Or there will be consequences.” His mom said in a warning tone. She was a beta but she was scary sometimes.“Fine. Can I go now? I’m tired.” He said snobbishly.“Yes but you’re grounded till your grades get better.”“WHAT? That’s not fair!!” He stomped his foot on the floor, looking at her with hurt.“It’s more than fair. This isn’t the first time you skip and you’re almost failing your classes!”“Ugh fine! I’m going!” Clenching his fists he stomped back to his room and held back his tears ‘I can’t be grounded I need to meet my friends tonight!’ “Taehyung!” She stopped him again and he reluctantly returned back. “What?”“Baby I just want you to know.. I’m doing this for your benefit. I only want you to be the best person in the world and I’m just worried about you ok?” She gentled her tone and tried to make him understand, she didn’t like grounding or hurting her baby but she had to do something or else he was going to become worse.She came closer to him and stretched her arms to hug him when she smelled it. The faint cigarette stench was unmistakable on Taehyung. Her face contorted in anger. “You were smoking with those good for nothing bums AGAIN??! No wonder you skipped class!! I told you to stop hanging out with those people!” She yelled and Taehyung flinched. “If you hang out with them or I found out you were smoking again I will ground you for life!”“But-“
“No buts!! Back to your room young man. Looks like I’ve been too lenient with you.” He rolled his eyes and went back. His mom knows nothing, his friends were the coolest at school, Taehyung was glad to be one of them. ‘She’ll understand one day.’He took a quick shower and flung himself on the bed, falling asleep. ————“Ugh..” Taehyung groaned, the annoying ringing wouldn’t stop and he just wanted to sleep. He was just starting to slip back into unconsciousness when the sound stopped for a minute but it immediately rang again. “DAMN YOU!” He shouted at no one and sprang off the bed, getting his phone. ‘Henjung’ the bright screen read. ‘Shit! I forgot that I should meet them!’ He panicked as he pressed answer.  “Where the fuck are you?! We’ve been waiting for an hour and I called you like a million times!” His angry yelling came and Taehyung winced putting the phone further from his ears. “Sorry Henjung hyung, I-I was asleep.”“Asleep?! Get your ass here right now we need to leave!” “A- actually I can’t come.. my mom grounded me and-“Henjung laughed loudly “Grounded?! You’re so funny, but really stop acting cute and come quick because we’re leaving.” He said in between laughter.“I’m.. not joking. Sorry hyung, go without me.” “You’re kidding right?! Taehyung if you don’t come right now you won’t be our friend anymore. You’ll be my enemy. You know what happens to my enemies right?” Taehyung shivered at his cold tone. Henjung has never spoken to him like this before, but he knew what he was capable of and always feared him a little. He swallowed thickly.“Okay hyung. I’ll come.” He whispered. “Good boy.” Henjung ended the call.Taehyung sat unmoving, what was he going to do now? He didn’t want to get on Henjung’s bad side but he also didn’t want to enter a gang. His mom was going to kill him. Maybe he could just go this time and tell them he doesn’t really want to join? He nodded. Yes that’s what he was going to do.‘Sorry mom I need to do it just this once.’ He brought a clean paper and wrote to her that he was going with his friends somewhere and he would be back soon. He didn’t think she’d check his room when she was mad at him but just in case he didn’t want her to worry to death or call the police or something. He rolled his eyes, his mom was so extra.After freshening up and changing his clothes, he climbed out of the window carefully, and ran towards the school.———-“Finally!” “Took you long enough, ugh!” Taehyung panted “Sorry to keep you waiting guys.” He wiped sweat from his forehead and looked at Henjung. He was finishing up a cigarette and gestured for them towards the large black van waiting for them. “C’mon let’s go. Those are my uncle’s men. They were waiting for the sleeping beauty here to arrive.” He uttered sarcastically, rolling his eyes and the guys hooted in laughter.Taehyung frowned and followed them silently.The van’s windows were all painted black and he couldn’t see anything outside. The car ride was silent. Taehyung kept fidgeting anxiously, he didn’t like this uncomfortable silence.“Stop moving.” Doyoon jabbed him with his elbow in the ribs.
“Ouch.” It hurt, Taehyung messaged it and tried not to move. “Henjung hyung are we going to stay till late? I don’t want my mom to discover I’m not there.” He blurted and immediately regretted after. Doyoon snickered and called him a mama’s boy while Henjung just gave him a sour look, snorted and ignored him. After what felt like ages, the van finally stopped. “We’re here. Everyone just listen to me or my uncle and don’t speak except when spoken to.” Henjung informed them. Their phones were taken from them ‘For safety reasons’ they said.The doors were opened for them and they got out. Taehyung looked around, it was a large building that looked like a company. He thought mafia were supposed to meet in dark shady places but the place was pretty normal if a little bit isolated. He followed mutely, ignoring all the questions he wanted to ask as he remembered what Henjung told them.They walked through the buildings and went up to the highest floor to what he presumed was the boss’s office. Henjung knocked and entered after hearing the affirmative. “Henjung, my boy, I see you brought the new recruits.” A black haired man was sitting with his legs crossed over the desk, smoking a tobacco. He apprised each one of them, his eyes lingering on Taehyung a little longer and Taehyung felt himself sweat nervously. “Is that the pretty omega you promised me?”
“Yes father. Taehyung come here.” Henjung motioned for him. He gasped “H-how-“ the words caught in his throat. Henjung came closer to the still gapping Taehyung “You think I’m an idiot? It’s obvious.” He whispered in his ear, gripping his arm tightly, “Now co-operate and don’t embarrass me.” He dragged him to the man, directly in front of him. He licked his lips and looked him up and down in appreciation. Taehyung was visibly shaking, he didn’t know what was happening and he was still shocked. “Hmm he is indeed as beautiful as you said, good job Henjung I knew I could count on you.” He bowed, “Of course father.” “Take the boys to Kinam to train them and take the omega to the silver wing. We need to get him prepared for Kyu.”A tall man came and led him by the arm, “W-wait! What’s happening? Where are you taking me?!” Taehyung stuttered in distress but the man paid him no mind, he didn’t even look at him as he continues dragging him harshly, not giving him a chance to escape. Tears of panic started streaming down his cheeks, what has he done? What did he get himself into?“I don’t want to enter your gang I don’t want to!!” He screamed, “Shut up whiny bitch! You aren’t entering our gang, you think we just accept anyone? And an omega on top of that?” He grunted.“Th-then let me go! Where are you taking me?”
“Ugh so noisy, why does Kyu prefer children?” The guy muttered in disgust. Taehyung didn’t know what he was talking about and he kept struggling against the strong hold, pushing and pulling but it was no use, the guy was just too strong. He pushed him inside a room and shut the door after him. “Someone will come prepare you for Kyu, you better behave or else.” He left with that.The room was dark with a single narrow bed that smelled like dust and mould. He sat at the corner, hugged his knees to his chest and let the sobs wrack his body. He felt scared and alone, and so so guilty. He should’ve never came here, he should’ve listened to his mother, she was right about them. Now he didn’t know if he was ever going to see her again, and the last thing they did was have an argument.The clink of the door opening made him look up, his vision was blurry from the tears but he saw a woman and the tall man enter. “Add more make up, he looks like someone hit his face with a truck.” He glared at Taehyung “Take your clothes off and let her dress you.” They came closer.Taehyung flinched and withdrew into himself hugging his legs tighter and looked at him in fear, like a skittish animal. “N-no! Stay away.” “I don’t have time for your nonsense kid, the boss is waiting. Do it now or I’ll force you.”
“No! No!” He wailed desperately.“Yeesang he looks scared out of his mind. We need him to look calm and pretty for Kyu right? Let me talk to him and wait for us outside.” The woman said gently putting her hand over the man’s arm. He looked at her in thought then nodded “Call me if he doesn’t co-operate.” He gave him one last cold look before leaving them.The woman sighed and moved closer to him, extending her hand and giving him a comforting smile. “Don’t be scared sweetheart. My name is Ina I’m going to help you.” She whispered, her voice soft.He sniffled “R-really? You will?” He looked at her suspiciously. Why would she help him when she was clearly with them?“Yes, I’m telling the truth. Those people are disgusting, they took my brother who was the same age as you and I couldn’t save him.. I won’t let it happen to more innocent kids.” Her eyes were sad but resolute as she whispered. “I already have a plan to get rid of them. Do you have a family?”He nodded slowly “My mom.” “Tell me her phone number. Wear this while talking, we need to finish quickly before he comes back.” She put the white long dress on the bed. Taehyung wiped his eyes and sat up shakily, he decided to just tell her, he didn’t have anything to lose anyway and she seemed genuine. He recited the phone number while changing and she wrote it in a small notepad. “Great now let’s put some make up on you. Just pretend you’re compliant with them and I’ll take care of everything ok?”“O-okay.” He murmured.Ina nodded, sat him on the bed and wiped his face with some wet wipes before applying the cold make up over his face.“What’s taking so long? Finish up already.”  Yeesang gruffly complained, entering the room. “I’m just putting some finishing touches.. there! Nice and pretty right?” She smiled, showing Taehyung like a trophy. But she made sure to squeeze his shoulder to remind him of her promise.“Good enough.” He grunted and grabbed his arm again pulling him roughly behind him. Taehyung winced, his eyes watering but he swallowed it down and reminded himself that this was temporary and that Ina was going to help him. ‘Please don’t be a liar please.’————-“Beautiful! Great job!” The boss, Henjung’s father clapped as he saw them. Henjung and the rest of his friends were nowhere in sight, only him, the tall man, some bodyguards and Ina were there. She bowed her head and smiled, “Thank you Byunshik-nim.” “Kyu will be so pleased when he sees him. He will agree to our deal easily.”  He rubbed his hands and smiled ominously.“He’s a well behaved doll, as expected from my son Henjung, he chose well. He will be a great leader after me.” He boasted and they agreed with him. Taehyung gritted his teeth, only fear and the promise he made with Ina made him not speak up, but who was he calling a doll?!They took him on another long car ride where they went out to a small abandoned cottage on the outskirts of town. It looked old and unused but was lit up and there were cars parked outside. It was probably the place where they made their deals or something, he thought.They entered the cottage after some silent men opened it for them. Taehyung was still being led by the tall man, behind Byunshik and his bodyguards.“Ah! Byunshik you finally arrived! What took you so long man?” A short stout guy clapped Byunshik’s back like they’re great friends. “I was preparing your gift, dear Kyu.”“Ooo what have you got me this time? I love your gifts! Although they never come cheap.” He clucked his tongue.He gestured for them and the bodyguards moved away, the tall man pushed him forward, almost making him stumble.Kyu gasped, “An angel!” A huge smile came on his face as his eyes scanned Taehyung hungrily from the bottom and upward. Taehyung felt uncomfortably exposed in that thin dress and the man’s made no skin prickle. He licked his lips, “Can’t wait to taste you, angel. I’m going to corrupt you so good.” He advanced forward, but was stopped by Byunshik’s bodyguard standing in front of him.“Not until you pay, Kyu. You must give me my package and the money. I delivered now it’s your turn.”“But you’re asking for too much! I can’t give you all that at once.” He protested.“Doesn’t he deserve it?” Byunshik came and held his chin, turning his face like he’s showing a product. “He’ll be your doll, you can do whatever you want with him.”  He felt bile rise up his throat and had to swallow it down, his hand was shaking, he prayed for Ina to come quickly, those people were sick.“You drive a hard bargain but I will concede this time. Give him to me and I will send someone to get the rest of the money.” He clicked his tongue “The money first Kyu.”He sighed in exasperation “Wait for it here then.” he led them to a living room where they sat down. The guy was constantly giving him disturbing looks.Suddenly someone knocked on the door, making all of them startle. “Were you expecting someone else?” Byunshik asked and Kyu shook his head, his eyebrows furrowing in confusion, he gestured for a man to open the door and he left only for them to hear the sound of a gun firing. It sent panic and everyone moved, the bodyguards immediately covering them and producing their guns. “You betrayed me?!” Byunshik growled as he bent down taking Taehyung with him. “No! I swear I don’t know what’s happening.” Kyu answered in alarm.‘Is it what Ina promised?’ Taehyung thought hopefully. The bodyguards moved outside, the sound of guns and people screaming in pain as they fell was overwhelming. “It must be an ambush! We need to get out of here.” Byunshik dragged Taehyung with him but he resisted and glared at him “I’m not going!” He took out his gun, aiming it at him “You better behave if you want to live.”Taehyung trembled and let himself be dragged begrudgingly. They crawled to the window where he made them both climb out.They found a police car waiting for them, with 2 officers aiming their guns “FREEZE!”Byunshik acted quickly, holding him in front of him and putting the gun over his head “If you don’t let me go i’ll blow his brains out!” He yelled hysterically, pushing the gun into his head harshly. Taehyung gasped in pain.The officers looked at each other “Alright.. don’t hurt the boy.” He cursed under his breath and lowered his gun, his partner doing the same.Byunshik grinned, moving him to the side of the house towards the forest, keeping him at the front like a body shield. Suddenly, someone teared him away from Byunshik’s unsuspecting arms, making him fall to the ground. “What the-“ “Leave my boy alone you monster!” He looked and found his mother fighting with a bewildered Byunshik, he kept shooting the gun but her hold on his hand was strong and he couldn’t shake it off. “Damn you bitch!” The officers ran to them and restrained him, twisting his hand behind his back and making him fall to the ground. “You’re under arrest! You have the right to remain silent..”“Mama!” Taehyung ran to his mother and they hugged tightly, crying together. “I got you baby, I got you.” She repeated, he was crying and shaking as she stroked his hair. “I’m s-so sorry mama! I’m a bad boy, I didn’t listen to you.” He sobbed.
“Shh you’re safe now and you learned your lesson, right?” She whispered, “I did! I did! I’ll never defy you again. I’ll be good I promise.” He wept into her chest.
“I’m g-glad then..” she coughed and he gasped in horror at the blood on her hand. He looked down and saw a huge crimson  spot on her stomach. “NO NO!” He screamed. “Taehyungie, my baby.. it’s gonna be fine.” Her voice was weak as she shakily patted his cheeks, rubbing off his unending tears. “This is all my fault.” He held her hand tightly, “SOMEONE HELP!” He wailed. “Save my mom please please!” The officer came to them, “Shit! This is why I told her not to come.” He muttered in distress, removing his jacket and pressing it into the wound. “Hold this little guy, we’re going to save her don’t worry.” He lifted her and Taehyung pressed it with all that he could with his trembling hands. They took her to the ambulance where they put oxygen masks on her. “Want to see your smile Taetae..” she mumbled weakly. Taehyung looked at his mother, trying to smile at her “They will save you mama.” She gave him a pained smile before closing her eyes. ********** “They couldn’t save her, she passed away during surgery.” Taehyung cried into his palms, a stunned Seokjin was listening mutely, his heart breaking from all the hurt Taehyung went through. “She gave me everything, she treated me as if I was her real son. They said when Ina called to tell her about me she was already with the police and she insisted on coming, when they refused she followed on her own, she came to save me, and this is how I repaid her.. I killed my own mother.”  He choked out. Seokjin gapped “You didn’t! How could you say that.”“I’m sorry I’m sorry.” He sobbed incoherently. “Don’t hate me.”He took him into his arms, arranging his body on his lap. He rubbed his back and head and pressed his lips to his temple. “You are so strong, you went through all that.. alone.” His voice trembled.
“Taehyung I would never hate you, it wasn’t your fault. That man was the one who killed her. You are an innocent victim in this just as she was. Why do you think like that? Your mother wouldn’t want you to think that.. ”Taehyung cried harder into his chest. “I-I never meant for this to happen. My u-uncle told me that I killed her, he’s right. If it weren’t for my stupidity, if only I listened to her that day she would be alive now.”“You made a mistake but all the other chain of events weren’t your fault. She knows you didn’t mean it. Your uncle is lying.” He furrowed his eyebrows, “How did you end up in his custody?”“After she died, I had no one else. She mentioned in her will that all her money would go me, but I was young and you know how it is for omegas so it would go to the person caring for me. She left only a small amount for her brother. He was furious because he was her only ‘real’ family. I know he only agreed to take me because of the money, he never liked me even before what happened..” he sniveled “We moved to that neighborhood and I changed schools. He never let me forget it, he called a k-killer and said that I don’t deserve to live. He never gave me the money. He only used it on his alcohol and drugs.” He said brokenly.Seokjin listened to him, getting more furious with every word. That guy took an innocent child who just lost his mother and went through something unthinkable and instead of comforting him he abused him and messed with his mind, making him believe he was responsible for something that wasn’t his fault. “Taehyung your uncle is a selfish bastard and an abuser, he is the last person you should believe. You are very strong and brave, you didn’t kill anyone.”He grabbed his chin gently, making him look at him. Teary, puffy eyes stared back at him, guilt and anguish swimming inside them “I already told Yoongi to deal with him, we are not letting him get away with what he’s done.” He vowed. “From now on I will be the one caring for you, I’ll be your alpha. Okay?” He uttered resolutely. Taehyung nodded, relief washing over him. He couldn’t believe Seokjin didn’t blame him and he was going to help him. Some tears slipped out of his eyes.“Then.. you don’t regret knowing me?” Taehyung asked, seeking assurance.“The only thing I regret is not knowing about all this sooner. Why didn’t you tell me? I could’ve helped you earlier.” Seokjin regretted not pushing to know his past, he could’ve saved him from more trauma. He realized that was why Taehyung was so desperate to make him spend his heat with him. “I know.. I was scared.” He rubbed his eyes, looking down. Seokjin kissed his head, “Promise me from now on you will tell me anything. Never be scared.” Taehyung nodded and he promised himself to always protect him and never let harm come to him again. He has endured enough shit in his life.“Seokjin, thank you so much.” He said sincerely, hugging his neck tightly.After calming him down and assuring him more, Taehyung told him that Ina was actually in contact with the police and they’ve been collecting evidence on Byunshik’s gang for a while and they planned on ambushing him before he came. The man was sentenced to prison for life for drug dealing, child prostitution and being a mafia. He never saw Henjung or his other friends again after that..



Chapter End Notes
Hello! I’m back with this super long chapter to make up for the wait, hopefully you can now understand Tae’s past and why he acted that way :(Thank you sooo much for all the support and love you’re giving this story, I have over 100 kudos now and I’m over the moon! <3 I love you all and especially my commenters. Shoutout to writinglynn you never fail to bring a smile to my face and motivate me every chapter <3 I hope you all continue to read and enjoy :)Don’t forget to stream the beautiful songs our love bts gave us. Taejin’s moon and inner child and the whole album is just amazing I’m so proud of them <3


Chapter 6
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“What do you mean the house was empty?” Seokjin asked in alarm.Yoongi sighed “He probably ran away. We searched all around the neighborhood and asked people there but no one knows anything.” He told him through the phone.Seokjin went to work after Taehyung’s insistence that he was going to be fine alone, he was still uneasy about leaving him so he decided to call Yoongi to assure himself that they have his uncle locked up but Yoongi’s words made his blood run cold. “Fuck! Why didn’t you tell me sooner?!” He hit the desk in frustration.“I didn’t want to upset you.. and I figured we’ll find him quickly but the son of a bitch knows how to hide. We’ll keep looking Seokjin, we’re going to catch him don’t worry.”Seokjin ran a hand through his hair “I hope, I don’t want him hurting Taehyung or anyone else again.”“I assume he’s gonna be staying with you?”
“Yeah I still need to get his stuff from the house.”Someone knocked on the door and entered, it was his secretary “Your client is here, Seokjin-nim.”“Alright let them enter.” He nodded at her, “Yoongi I have to go. Call me if there’s any updates.” He ended the call and smiled politely at the old woman entering. His stomach churned with worry as he tried to finish his work quickly. ———— Taehyung scratched his hair, yawning and went to the kitchen to get some water from the fridge. He opened it but there was nothing inside. He frowned and brought a glass from the cabinet, deciding to just drink from the sink. “You thought you could escape me so easily?” The glass slipped through his hand crashing to the floor, Taehyung’s body froze when he heard his uncle’s voice. He turned slowly and saw him smirking evilly, holding a knife. “S-eok-” he choked on his words, his voice not coming out. He gave a wicked laugh “Your little friend isn’t here Taetae. It’s just you and me now.” He advanced closer, Taehyung was shaking, he tried to move, to run, to do anything but his body wouldn’t obey him “No one can protect you now.” He raised the knife, “goodbye Tae.” His evil laugh rang as he dove the knife, stabbing him straight at the heart.Taehyung screamed loudly, opening his eyes and waking up in cold sweat. His body shook as he blinked at the ceiling, he looked around and found himself still in bed, in Seokjin’s room. He gulped up deep breaths of air ‘It’s just a dream.. just a dream Taehyung no one is here.’ He hugged his arms around himself as he repeated, trying to calm down. ‘I’m safe, I’m safe.’He got up shakily, and went to the bathroom. He splashed the cold water on his face to wake himself up, then patted his face dry. He sighed and ran his fingers through his hair, combing it down. The sound of rustling outside made him freeze. ‘He’s here.’ His eyes widened in fear. ‘No no..’ he knew it couldn’t be Seokjin because it was still too early for him to be back, that meant his dream was coming true. “No..no.” He whimpered, sitting on the bedroom floor, his head between his hands. “I don’t want to die.”“Taehyung?” “STAY AWAY FROM ME!”Jungkook gasped, seeing his friend in that state, trembling on the floor. Seokjin had told him about what happened but he didn’t know he was so affected. He approached him slowly gentling his voice as he said “It’s me, Jungkook.” “I won’t hurt you..” Taehyung looked up with wide eyes, his bangs falling into them. “Jungkook..” he whispered. Jungkook nodded and sat down beside him, patting his back and pulled him into a hug. “Sorry,” Taehyung cleared his throat “I just had a nightmare and I thought..”“It’s okay Tae, I understand. Seokjin told me what happened.. I wish I knew you lived with such a monster.” Taehyung looked down.
Jungkook sighed, putting his hand on his shoulder “Just know I’m here for you, if you need anything Tae. We became friends through Jimin but I still consider you a good friend.” He nodded thanking him softly. Jungkook was originally Jimin’s friend, he was a year younger than them and a baby alpha as he has just presented recently. He knew he was also close with Seokjin, and he adored the older alpha who guided him a lot through his presentation. “But what are you doing here?”  “Ah Seokjin asked me to pack all your things at the house and bring them to you.” He put his hand in his pocket and pulled a phone. “Here’s your phone, by the way.” Taehyung smiled, thanking him again. His phone needed to be charged but at least he finally had something to distract him, and he missed Jimin’s updates about the Maldives. “I have to go to class.. but I can skip if you want me to stay with you?” Jungkook asked hesitantly. “No no, I’m fine.” He shook his head, Jungkook looked at him worriedly. “Kookie I’m serious. I was just surprised that’s all. Don’t skip! Go now, don’t be late.” He shooed him, getting up with him and leading him to the door.“Tae are you sure?” “Yeah yeah!” He opened the door and pushed him outside. “Thank you again Kookie. Bye!” He waved and Jungkook saluted him, leaving. He shut the door behind him, locking it with the key. ‘The door is sturdy and it’s locked, no one can enter without a key.’ He assured himself. ‘Hyunki is locked up, I need to open a new page and forget about him.’ He thought, determined to not let his uncle affect him anymore.He went to the living room, putting his phone in the charger and waited for it to open. He saw that Seokjin left him some food covered on the table but he didn’t have an appetite. He smiled a little at his thoughtfulness. The phone flashed open, the shimming of notifications coming quickly right after each other. He had 30 missed calls and 79 texts from Jimin. The last time Taehyung texted him was after his heat, telling him that his heat ended and he was back home, before that happened. So it was 2 days ago.‘WHERE ARE YOU I’M DYING OF WORRY. I’M TAKING THE FIRST FLIGHT BACK HOME IF I DON’T HEAR FROM YOU TODAY’ the last message said, it was a few hours ago. He smiled and pressed call, Jimin answered on the third ring.“Finally!!” Jimin panted, “Where were you?! You stopped texting suddenly and went mia! I almost thought you died or something!” His voice was raised in worry.‘Hah, almost did.’ He thought ironically, he decided not to tell Jimin anything about what happened because he knew his friend will come back and he didn’t want to cut his long awaited vacation short.“Umm.. my phone just suddenly died and I couldn’t fix it till now.. so yeah. Sorry for worrying you.” He tried to sound sheepish, hoping his lie is believable. Jimin knew his phone was old.“You could’ve let me know! I spent those 2 days agonizing over you, I was about to take a plane and fly back there.” He whined.
“Sorryyy I didn’t know you’ll worry so much.”
“Of course I will! You’re my soulmate Taetae, I even took your call mid sex, Namjoon is currently getting blue balls.” “Jimin!” He heard him gasp, scandalized.
“Just telling the truth babe.”“Jimin tmi. Did not need to know that.” Taehyung couldn’t contain his giggle. He missed his blunt friend, even when he was sometimes unnecessarily so.“Anyway you need to change that crappy old phone. And if it happens again make sure you contact me through Seokjin or anyone!” Jimin gasped “Seokjin! You didn’t tell me what happened with him! How was your first heat hmm?” He just knew he was wiggling his eyebrows and grinning right now. He chuckled fondly “I’ll tell you later idiot. Go back to your poor boyfriend.”“Nah he can wait, right babe?”
“Yeah sure, learning about Taehyung and Seokjin’s sex life is more important than ours.” He muttered sarcastically. “See, he agrees.” Jimin said ignoring his tone entirely.Taehyung laughed, shaking his head at his friend. “I missed you Chim.” His emotions suddenly hit him and his eyes watered. “Aww I missed you too baby! Only a few days left then I’m not gonna leave your side till you get tired of me and beg me to leave you alone.”He giggled “Not gonna happen. I love you too much.”
“I love you more. Mwaah!” He made kissy noises making him burst into laughter again.
“How come you never do that with me?” Namjoon complained, “Babe Taehyung is my soulmate. You’re my mate. There’s a difference.”
“Stop! Go before you anger your alpha.” He teased still laughing at them.“Joonie? He’s a big teddy bear. but I’ll go, I have to save his balls. I need them.” Taehyung blinked incredulously, after all this time Jimin never failed to shock him still. “BYE I don’t want to hear anymore about your mate’s anatomy.”
“You got your own alpha’s balls now I understand.” Jimin sighed, “Jimin!” “Fine fine I’ll stop.” He giggled. “You’re just so fun to tease. Bye Taetae!” “Bye Chim.” He smiled softly, ending the call. He felt so much better after talking to his friend and knowing he was happy and having fun. He put his phone aside, he needed to unpack his stuff.
Seokjin told him he could either share his room or take the guest room, he let him choose whatever made him comfortable. He was shy but he decided to just put his things with Seokjin, it would make him feel better, he wanted all his clothes to smell like Seokjin and he was going to sleep there anyway so it’ll be easier.He arranged his clothes, toiletries, accessories, and make up in the room and the connected bathroom. He didn’t own a lot of stuff anyway so it didn’t take long. Only the small bag he had prepared before his heat was left, he emptied it and found his contraceptive pills there. ‘Oh! I forgot I should take these.’ He grabbed them and went outside to get water, ‘Thank god I saw them. We don’t need an unplanned pregnancy on top of everything that happened.’ He swallowed the pills then opened Netflix and ate the food Seokjin prepared for him while watching his favorite drama. ———— Seokjin returned home at 6 pm, that was the earliest he could leave with all the work that was waiting for him. He opened the door with the key and went to the living room. Taehyung was dosing on the couch, his head leaning back, covered with a soft blanket. “Taehyung.” He went closer to him and touched his cheek lightly, calling his name in a soft voice. The boy startled awake and blinked up at him, seeming to calm after recognizing him.
“Hi.” He smiled slightly and rubbed the sleep from his eyes.
“Hey, baby. Were you tired?” Taehyung’s smile turned shy at the pet name, he always loved when Seokjin called him with endearments. “No I was watching a drama, I guess I just got bored.”“I got this for you.” Seokjin procured the bar of chocolate from the bag he was holding, giving it to him.“You remember my favorite chocolate?Thank you!” He gave him his boxy smile, taking it happily. Seokjin’s heart warmed at the sight of his smile, that was his intention while buying it.
“I’ll go change then we can eat. I got your favorite burger too.”
He grinned “Okay, I’ll prepare the plates.” He ruffled his hair and went to change. “So how was your day?” Seokjin asked taking a bite of his burger.Taehyung shrugged “I just unpacked my things that Jungkook brought earlier, I put them in your room, hope you don’t mind.” He looked at him through his bangs timidly. “Of course I don’t, silly.” He touched his nose mole with his finger affectionately, making him smile.“Then I talked to Jiminie, he was so worried. I didn’t tell him anything though.. I didn’t want to worry him more.”
“And it’s done anyway. Hyunki is locked up now and he can’t hurt me anymore.”Seokjin winced, the first part wasn’t true but he sure as hell won’t let him hurt Taehyung again. He felt troubled, he didn’t want Taehyung to worry and lose his smile again but he also had to tell him to make sure he stays safe.“-Then I watched a drama. That’s it, how was your day Seokjin?” He smiled innocently at him.He cleared his throat “Well dealing with cases, didn’t have court thankfully but I had to research and study the cases and talk to the clients. Just the boring stuff.” He watched him eat his burger, his pouty way of eating was so cute and when he caught him staring he blushed and smiled. ‘Don’t give me that look.’ Taehyung was going back to his normal cute, cheerful self how was he going to ruin it by telling him that he was still potentially in danger. ‘Ughh.’ He rubbed his face and groaned internally.He waited till he finished his food and they went to sit on the couch. Taehyung opened the large chocolate bar enthusiastically, cutting off a piece and giving it to him before even tasting it. “Here.” Seokjin opened his mouth, accepting it from Taehyung’s fingers.Taehyung took a big bite after him, humming at the sweet burst of flavor on his tongue. “Seokjin you are the best.” He chewed contentedly. Seokjin was deep in thought ‘So what if I don’t tell him? I’ll make sure he stays protected.’ He nodded, ‘But what if he goes out while I’m working and he finds him? No he has to know, I can’t risk it.’ He shook his head.
“Seokjin what are you thinking about?” He tilted his head, licking his chocolate covered finger clean as he watched him curiously. Jin swallowed, taking his hands in his. He took a deep breath “Listen Taehyung, your uncle is not locked up.. Yoongi couldn’t find him at the house.”
Taehyung froze, his eyes widening with fear.“But don’t worry, they are looking for him everywhere and you know I won’t let anything happen to you.” He was quick to reassure him, cupping his cheeks in his hands. “I just needed you to know to be careful. You can’t go out alone until we find him, ok?” Taehyung swallowed thickly, “M-my dream..” “What?”
Taehyung took a shaky breath, tears forming at the corner of his eyes. “I had a nightmare today that I was alone and my uncle w-was holding a knife and I couldn’t move, he-“ a tear slid down over Jin’s hand as he closed his eyes.“No baby that was just a nightmare, it will never be true. He will never come close to you again, I’ll make sure of that.” His words were firm and resolute.
“I’m sorry I upset you.. I don’t want you to be scared, he’s the one who should be scared, he may have escaped and left the city or something already.” He took him in his arms, patting his back. Taehyung nodded in his chest, “Yes..” ———— Taehyung woke up to his phone ringing, he reached for it blindly from the nightstand, without opening his eyes and answered.
“Hello?” He mumbled, voice was thick with sleep.
“Taehyung! Where are you?” Jimin chirped on the other side.“Jimin? What do you mean?”
“I’m at your house, I wanted to surprise you and spend the day with you but no one is there.”
Taehyung shot up from the bed. “What? You’re back?!” He squealed in delight, “I’m at Seokjin’s house.”“Seokjin’s-? You spent the night? Awww are you boyfriends now?” Jimin’s excitement was apparent in his voice. Taehyung cleared his throat “Umm kind of.. come here and we’ll talk. I missed you sooo much!” “Okay!” He grinned, ending the call. He got up and quickly freshened up, changed his clothes, then waited for Jimin. Finally he won’t be alone for a change. It’s been a week since Jin went back to work and since everyone else was busy to go out with him, so Taehyung stayed home. Seokjin had courts and usually came late so they couldn’t go out. He promised to take him out at the weekend though. He knew it was for his own good to not go out alone but he was just done with staying home doing nothing! *Dong-dong* the doorbell rang and Taehyung ran to open the door, squealing when he saw his friend who immediately hugged him tightly. “I missed you so much!” Jimin shrieked.
“I can’t believe you left me for a month!” Taehyung whined still hugging him.“Aww next time I’m taking you with me! I can’t function without my soulmate.”Taehyung grinned, patting his back and took him to sit on the couch. “When did you get here? I thought you’re coming this weekend.”“I lied, I wanted to surprise you, but you ruined it by not being home.” He pouted.Taehyung giggled, “I was still surprised don’t worry.”“I got you something!” He brought a small box and gave it to him “Tada! Open it.”Taehyung opened the jewelry box, excited and curious. He gasped when he saw two beautiful silver necklaces sitting next to each other. He looked at Jimin’s grinning face “They’re friendship necklaces, the blue gem is yours since it’s your birth stone and the pink one is mine.” “Jiminie they’re so pretty.” He held the shining necklace, admiring the clear blue jewel. “I love it! Thank you.” He hugged him.“You’re welcome! They’re supposed to keep us connected and solidify our friendship or something, the woman there said that.” He waved his hand. “We don’t need a necklace for that but I just liked how they looked.” He grinned and Taehyung chuckled, “True.” They wore the necklaces happily.“So spill, the curiosity is killing me, why are you here? Are you and Seokjin boyfriends? And why didn’t you tell me and kept avoiding talking about him, I thought your heat went badly or something but here you are spending the night with him so he must have done it well.” He wiggled his eyebrows. Once Jimin started the interrogation Taehyung knew he couldn’t escape without telling him everything.He sighed “Fine I’ll tell you everything, a lot happened.. I didn’t tell you because I didn’t want to worry you.” He shifted in his seat, his mood changing as he recalled the events that happened.
“Well I’m getting worried now.. what is it??” Jimin furrowed his eyebrows.Taehyung exhaled and started telling him everything that happened to him, from the beginning. He never told anyone about his past in fear they would look at him differently but he had courage now, and telling them actually made him feel better, like a heavy weight has been lifted off his chest.Jimin was covering his mouth, tears streaming down his face after Taehyung finished his story. “Taehyung.. I’m so sorry. I never realized you went through all that. I always hated your uncle but I never knew he was so cruel. I should’ve helped you, I’m the worst friend I’m so sorry!” He cried in guilt, his heart breaking for his friend.“Jimin! Don’t say that.. you were a great help to me. I met you when I was so alone and so scared. You could’ve ignored me like all the other kids but you were kind to me and you befriended me. If it wasn’t for you I wouldn’t have made it.. don’t blame yourself for not knowing, I should’ve told you but I was so scared.” “I should’ve been here for you when he- when you went through that.. ” he looked at him with eyes shinning with tears. “It’s okay I’m fine now, it passed and I wasn’t hurt. Don’t feel bad Jiminie, you’re going to make me cry too.” He pouted at him.“I swear you’re an angel, and you’re so strong Tae..” he squeezed his hands, “You know now that he was just a bully right? Nothing he said was true.”Taehyung nodded, “I’m coming to terms with that. I had a long talk with Seokjin too. He reminds me when I have doubts.”
“Do you think you need therapy? What you went through wasn’t easy..” Jimin asked him worriedly.
“I don’t think so.. Seokjin also offered to take me, If I ever feel unwell I promise I’ll seek help.” Taehyung assured him. He gave him a hug, squeezing him then asked “Where is he now? That fucking bastard I’m going to kill him myself!” Jimin clenched his teeth, wiping his eyes angrily. “Well.. we don’t know where he is.”“What?! How? Seokjin didn’t hand him to the police?” Jimin asked in astonishment. “He was unconscious when we left and he called Yoongi to take him but they couldn’t find him there.” He sighed shaking his head.Jimin gasped “You mean to tell me that monster is free right now?!”
“Unfortunately yes. But don’t worry I have been extra careful, I don’t go out alone and the door is always locked. I’ve been staying home for a week straight.” He pouted “I was scared at first but now the boredom is killing me.” He groaned dramatically. “I’m tired of doing nothing!”Jimin knew he was changing the subject and trying to lighten up the atmosphere for his sake so he smiled “Yeah, I understand. Relaxing is nice but it gets boring. If it wasn’t for joonie having sex with me and tiring me out with his big-“ Taehyung prevented him from completing the sentence but putting his hand on his mouth. “Don’t.”
Jimin laughed and pushed his hand away. “Ok ok. I assume Seokjin is responsible for you now?”“Yeah. He told me he’ll be my alpha.” Taehyung blushed a little. “Aww so you’re dating now? I keep asking you and you never answer that question.” Jimin clucked his tongue. “The thing is.. I don’t know what we are.” He scratched his cheek sheepishly, “he kind of confessed to me and I rejected him before.. you know.. then we never talked about it again. He never kissed me or anything either.. well not on the lips.” he shrugged.Jimin gapped “Are you serious? He already confessed and he told you he’s your alpha and he’s letting you live with him for god’s sake, what more should he do? He’s leaving the next move for you to decide!”He laughed awkwardly “Really? You know I’m not good with those dating stuff.” Jimin shook his head, “You’re so dense. I would be so frustrated with you if I was Seokjin, poor guy.”He hit his arm jokingly, “Oh shush. Fine I’ll make a move.”“Good. Anyway listen, since you’re so bored here, why don’t you come work at my magazine? They’re in need of a model and you’re perfect for it. I’ll even come pick you up everyday and take you home so you won’t be alone, and we’ll be working together.” He clapped in excitement.“I don’t know Jimin.. working as a model? I never imagined that.” He hesitated. Jimin knew his uncle didn’t allow him to work before and he also didn’t give him money for college. Taehyung’s dream was to go to college and become a professional photographer. Jimin was working as an editor to a magazine and that’s where he met Namjoon, who was in the legal team of the same magazine. After dating, they decided to merge their friends together.“Why not? You’re so beautiful and hot, and you love taking pictures. You know how to pose so well you’ll be a natural.” Jimin tried convincing him. “You’re finally free from that bastard, take a chance.”“I know but I don’t know if I’m comfortable with my pictures being on a magazine.. I’ll just think about it. I’ll talk to Seokjin.”Jimin nodded, “Okay then. The interviews will be after the weekend so tell me if you decide to do it.” “Alright, can we go out to eat? I’m hungry and I want to get out of here. Save meee.” Taehyung shook his arm in despair.“Come on, I’m your knight in shinning armor, saving you from this house.”
Taehyung jumped up to his feet rushing to get his phone and practically dragged him out of the house, grinning widely. It made Jimin happy to see his innocent friend smiling happily, he didn’t know if he was really fine or if he was a damned good actor, but his heart was definitely hurting for him. ——— Seokjin rubbed his face after getting out of court, he lost the case and he was disappointed at himself. Hoseok had comforted him that it was a lost one anyway and they knew it’ll end this way but he was still upset. He leaned his head on the steering wheel, he was tired, it was late and just wanted to go home to Taehyung already, the weekend was tomorrow and he planned to take him out, since he complained about being bored. Seokjin was worried about him, he’s been having nightmares everyday and although he acted fine during the day and smiled, Seokjin knew he wasn’t over it entirely. He thought he should see a therapist and talked to him about it while cuddling one night but Taehyung brushed it off saying that he was fine. He couldn’t do anything except support him and comfort him, his pheromones seemed to help calm him down from those nightmares and sleep better.He looked at his phone, there was a missed call then a text from Taehyung telling him that he was out with Jimin. ‘Good, maybe his best friend could help his mental recovery.’ He started the ignition, driving off to his house.



Chapter End Notes
Hello hello lovelies! I’m so sorry for the late update.. uni is getting more hectic and I can’t find the time to sit and write :( I hope you didn’t forget me and the story 🥺 I love you so much and i can’t thank you enough for reading and commenting <3 I hope you never stop telling me your thoughts and what you think will happen.. this one was a calm chapter but will it always stay this calm? We’ll find out together hehe. hope you like it and enjoy ♥️♥️


Chapter 7
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Seokjin was putting the key in the lock to his door when it was suddenly pulled open by Jimin. 
“Seokjin hyung!” He exclaimed and hugged him before giving him a big grin. “Hey there Jimin.” He greeted returning the smile. “Hi.” Taehyung also greeted him softly.
“Jimin, you’re finally back. How was your vacation?”
“Yes, it was a good vacation but I missed my taetae so much.” He pinched Taehyung’s cheeks next to him who yelled an “ouch!” and hit his hand away, glaring at his friend. Jimin laughed at Taehyung’s pout. Seokjin smiled at their antics, he was used to them being like that though.
“Jimin, are you staying for dinner?” He offered courteously.
Taehyung looked a little guilty “We already ate, sorry Seokjin I wanted to wait for you but-“ Jin stopped him from completing the sentence with a finger to his lips. “Don’t apologize Tae, it’s late already, don’t starve for me.” He said jokingly, giving him a sweet smile and unconsciously moved his hand to caress his cheek.
“Uh alright love birds, I’m gonna go before you devour each other in front of me.” Jimin rolled his eyes, “Jimin!” Taehyung blushed, hitting his friend’s arm.
“Anyway Seokjin we got your food, I’m going to heat it up. You look so tired, is everything ok?” He looked at him worriedly, “Yeah yeah just work stuff. Don’t worry about it.” He pinched his nose fondly. Taehyung nodded, saying bye to Jimin and went inside leaving Seokjin with Jimin on the door sill. 
“Thank you for being there for him.. I can’t imagine what would’ve happened if-” Jimin took a deep shaky breath, pain flashing in his eyes. “I-I’m just glad he has you. And he cares about you a lot you know.”
Seokjin nodded, “Take care of him well Seokjin. He acts like everything is fine but I know he still isn’t completely healed.” 
“I know..” Seokjin whispered, his heart squeezing. “I’ll do my best to keep him safe, mentally and physically.” 
“I trust you.” He smiled, “We should go out together soon, Joon also missed you.” 
“Yeah, we’ll plan it.” He smiled back and Jimin waved him goodbye before taking his leave.
 
—————
 
“Taehyungie wake up already,” Seokjin called again gently to a sleeping Taehyung. He had another nightmare the night before and so he couldn’t sleep well. “It’s noon..”
He moaned in protest and burrowed further into the blanket, covering his head with it. Seokjin clucked his tongue “You don’t want to go on our date?”
Taehyung’s eyes opened and he removed the blanket from his face, looking at Jin with wide eyed “D-date?”
“Only if you want to..” “I do!” He yelled enthusiastically, then blushed a bit at his eagerness. “I mean.. I want to go on a date with you.” 
Seokjin touched under his chin affectionately, grinning “Then c’mon, go get ready.”
“Yes!” The excited omega got up quickly, butterflies buzzing in his stomach at the thought of having a date with Seokjin. Sure they went out together before but they were strictly friends so this was their official first date! 
He took a shower, choosing his outfit meticulously, he settled for black pants and a gradient blue and white Jean jacket. He did his make up then styled his long hair, it was curly and the bangs fell into his eyes a bit giving him a boyish look.
He got out, Seokjin was already dressed in a blue shirt that emphasized his wide shoulders and black pants, his hair swiped to the back with a bang falling on the side of his forehead.
He looked up from his phone and smiled at Taehyung, “What do think?” The omega prompted, looking for praise.
“You’re gorgeous.” Seokjin got up, getting closer to him, “You always are..” he took his hand and kissed it sweetly, making Taehyung giggle.
They had a quick breakfast of coffee (tea for Taehyung) and pastries before going.
“Where are you taking me?”
“You’ll see.”
He took him by the hand to his car.
————-
Taehyung gasped when he saw the colorful booths, lots of games, street vendors and children running around and having fun, there was also a ferris wheel. “A carnival!”
“Yes, I know you love them.” Seokjin smiled, getting out of the car after parking and opening his door for him.
They walked through the carnival, Taehyung bubbling with excitement. “Ooh look at those cute plushies! Let’s play Seokjin.” He agreed they approached the table, the guy explained that they should hit the 12 cans arranged over each other and make them fall using 3 balls. Seokjin wanted to win the plushie for him so he tried first. He hit the cans but managed to only make 7 of them fall. 
He frowned looking at Taehyung “Let me try it.” The omega grinned at him, patting his arm to soothe him. “No, I want to win it for you. I’ll try again.” Taehyung rolled his eyes, he appreciated the sentiment really but Seokjin sucked at those games. It was so sweet of him to try for him though so he humored him. After failing for the fourth time, he just gave up and let Taehyung do it.
“Yes!!” Taehyung fist pumped the air as the last ball hit the cans making all the remaining ones fall. “I want that one.” He pointed to a grey and white wolf plushie, and the man gave it to him, thanking them for playing. Taehyung cuddled the plushie and walked with Jin to another place, he looked at Seokjin who was sulking next to him and snickered. 
“Are you pouting?” He asked him holding his laugh. “No.” Seokjin grunted, “I just think those games are a scam.” Taehyung was amused at his alpha acting like a big baby.
“Jinniee we played with your money so technically you got it for me!” He stopped in front of him and pinched his cheeks, shaping his mouth into a smile. “Now cheer up and stop pouting, let’s go play something else.” He took him by the arm to another booth with shooting guns.
“I’m not pouting!” Seokjin denied but let himself be led, secretly smiling at his Taehyung being so excited.
 
“Those games are a scam! They’re cheating!! The guns weren’t even working!” Taehyung complained as they walked away, Seokjin laughing next to him and holding a tiger cub plushie with big eyes and cute paws. “They aren’t, I won fair and square.” Seokjin held the tiger up in front of his face and he shoved it away, pouting and hugging his wolf closer. 
“Whatever. That woman liked you and gave you a better gun, she was almost drooling over you shooting those paper ducks, it was pathetic to watch.” He grumbled. ‘He did look hot with the sleeves rolled up, shooting the gun and not missing a target.’ he thought secretly.
“Aww is my Taehyungie jealous?” Seokjin teased, ruffling his hair.
“Shut up, of course I’m not.” His face burned red as he looked away, walking faster so Seokjin doesn’t notice. Seokjin laughed at his cuteness and followed him.
“Seokjin! Is that you?” A short male with platinum blonde hair ran over to them quickly, giving Seokjin a tight hug, his arms wrapping around his neck and pressing his body to him. Taehyung noticed the not so innocent hug and gritted his teeth at the unknown omega.
“I missed you so much!” Seokjin was stunned to see him and didn’t even return the hug. The guy pulled back slightly, his face so close to Seokjin as he pouted at him. “Didn’t you miss me too? I’m hurt Seokjinnie, after all these years?” 
Seokjin cleared his throat, pushing him away gently. “Hello Beakhyun, I’m just surprised to see you. Didn’t you leave Korea 2 years ago?”
“Oh yes but I got bored of America, nothing beats home right?” He smirked at him, “and nothing beats the korean alphas..” he ran his finger down Seokjin’s exposed collarbone, giving him a coy look.
“Ahem!” Taehyung cleared his throat loudly, walking over to them and plastered himself to Jin’s side. “Hello, I’m Taehyung, who are you?” He gave him a sickly sweet smile and extended his hand. The omega looked at him from the corner of his eyes, then took his hand and gave a nod “Beakhyun.” He looked back at Jin with a big smile, not even sparing Taehyung another glance which made him fume. 
“Did you change your number? I tried calling you but you never picked up.” Beakhyun pouted, “Give me your number and let’s meet up soon, I want to show you how much I missed you, like old times.” He winked shamelessly. Taehyung couldn’t take what’s happening and he just acted  “Sorry Beakhyun he’s on a date with me right now and we have to go, so excuse us.” He said and marched away, holding Seokjin’s arm to his chest and dragging him with him, leaving a surprised and annoyed Beakhyun behind.
Seokjin snickered as he watched the young omega walking quickly, his face red with anger and lips turned down. He was such a fiery thing.
They sat down on some benches and Taehyung crosses his arms over his chest, “Why didn’t you tell him you were dating me?” 
“I was going to.. but you beat me to it.” He raised a brow at him. 
“Well he was all over you and you just let him! Was I supposed to just stay on the side and watch? If you’re ashamed of me just say it.” His eyes watered and he was mad at himself for wanting to cry at that moment.
Seokjin’s eyes widened when he saw how upset he was, “Of course I’m not. I was just shocked, it has been a while and last time we saw each other wasn’t friendly, so him acting like that took me by surprise that’s all.” He put his hand on his cheek and soothed his clenched pouting lips with his finger, he was trying hard not to cry and it sent a pang to Jin’s heart. 
“I would’ve introduced you as my boyfriend to him too.. we aren’t just dating, we are more than that.” He said softly.
“Really?” Taehyung asked in a small voice. 
“Only if you want. Would you like to be my boyfriend, Taehyungie?” He smiled at him, whispering softly as he leaned his forehead over his.
“Yes.. I like you a lot Seokjin.” He confessed, putting his hand over Jin’s on his cheek and intertwining their fingers.
Seokjin’s smile widened as he leaned down and captured his lips between his, he kissed him softly at first, then Taehyung’s lips parted and they deepened the kiss. It was sloppy and wet, he gave him hot, open mouthed kisses that stole his breath away and made his head spin. When he pulled away they were both breathing heavily. Seokjin licked his lips, the taste of Taehyung’s lip palm sweet on his tongue. He looked at him, his lips were wet and the dark mole under his bottom lip was peeking, It made him want to dive down again and completely ravish his mouth. 
He settled for a chaste kiss to the corner of his mouth, on the mole. Then kissed his nose and his forehead, hugging him closer. “Finally you’re mine, do you know how long I’ve waited for this moment?”
“Sorry I rejected you before.. don’t let your ego get bruised so much.” Taehyung stuck his tongue out at him mischievously, and Seokjin caught it in his mouth, sucking a bit making him yelp and back away in surprise. He laughed at the blushing boy, his hand over his mouth. “Stop, we’re in public!” 
“I ravished your lips less than a minute ago and you weren’t complaining.” 
“Yeah but there was no tongue, there’s children here you know.” 
Seokjin laughed incredulously at the explanation and watched Taehyung’s pretty, pink cheeks getting redder. “Right you draw the line at tongue in public. Got it.”
“Yes. Now tell me who was that Beakhyun guy? What did you mean it wasn’t friendly?”
“Who? I forgot him already.” Seokjin gave a fake confused look. The omega hit his arm “Don’t joke, tell me!” 
“Fine. I met him in college, he was just a fling really, it was only sexual between us. I told him from the beginning that I didn’t want anything serious, it was good for some time then he started wanting more and kept being pushy so I broke it off with him. He was furious and he threw all types of things at me, and screamed that he hated me. Then he just moved to America and I never heard from him again till today.” Seokjin finished his mini tale, watching Taehyung’s thoughtful face. ‘Cute.’ 
“If I wasn’t here would you have accepted his advances?” 
“No, I told you he’s a little crazy and I don’t like him anyway.” He rubbed his hand, intertwining their fingers again. 
“Alright.. I guess he’s one of those people who don’t understand that no means no.”
“Exactly. Now stop talking about him and focus on me, I don’t want you to talk about other guys with me.” He teased as he leaned closer to Taehyung, making him giggle in delight. “Sure alpha.” He teased back, wrapping his arms around his neck and pulling his face closer to him, touching his lips as they closed their eyes and lost themselves in each other.
 
————
 
Taehyung was beaming with a soft blush as they explored the carnival again, this time with their hands intertwined, their other hands holding the plushies. 
“Seokjin, you know I chose this wolf because it looks just like you.” He put it closer to his face, “although jinjin looks cuter.” He giggled.
Seokjin raised a brow, “Jinjin?”
“Yes, that’s his name now.” Taehyung cuddled the wolf and nuzzled into him.
“This tiger cub looks like you too, but no one is cuter than my Taetae.” Jin flicked his chin.
Taehyung groaned “Stop being sweet, now I feel bad.” He pouted and Seokjin chuckled fondly.
“Let’s name him tete then, since I’m the tiger cub and you’re the wolf.” Taehyung boxy smiled up at him and his heart warmed. “Cute.”
Something caught Taehyung’s eyes and he was intrigued “Ooh Seokjin, it’s a fortune teller! Can we go try it?” Taehyung asked eagerly. “Anything for you baby.” Seokjin agreed easily, taking him towards the tent.
They entered the tent to find an old woman sitting on pillows on the floor, a scarf over her head, her eyes painted a deep black eyeliner. A low table separating her and the place they were supposed to sit, there was cards with different drawings on the table. 
“Welcome. Take your seat.” They sat down, the woman’s eyes never leaving their forms. Taehyung got a little nervous when he saw her staring at him intently, her eyes seeming to pierce through his soul. 
“Give me your hand young omega.” He extended his hand and she gripped it with her cold, wrinkly ones. She closed her eyes and breathed deeply, then nodded, looking at him in pity. “You saw a lot in your short years, omega.”
“Alpha, give me your hand.” Seokjin also have her his hand and she held both of their hands tightly. She chanted an unknown language and seemed lost in it then opened her eyes and spoke. “A blessing and a curse, it could go both ways. A forked road, darkness is shrouding it. The road to happiness is not clear.. be wise young omega or it may end up in blood and tears. A surprise will determine your fate. Trials will threaten you and those you hold dear. Only you can  choose life or death, and overcome your fears.”
They stayed silent as she finished and let their hands fall. “Payment is outside, thank you for coming.” Taehyung frowned and got up with Seokjin, he paid and they walked away.
“That’s it? I didn’t even understand anything.” Taehyung frowned, “I thought it would be more exciting.” 
Seokjin laughed “Baby you know those things are just for show anyway, she can’t really see shit.”
“I know I know..” He bit his lip, “But what she said sounded ominous, I’m a little scared..”
Seokjin held his cheek “Don’t think about it love, there’s nothing to be scared of. I’m here with you and no one can harm you.” He leaned down and softly kissed the frown away from his lips.
“I want you to forget everything she said, we’re here to have fun right?” He whispered against his lips and the omega nodded, smiling softly.
“Let’s go eat, I’m starving!” Seokjin said dramatically and he giggled, he held his hand tightly as they went to various food vendors, getting all types of delicious street food.
They sat on a bench and began eating lunch, Seokjin feeding him different things and making him try new foods. Taehyung was a picky eater but with Seokjin he made him try most foods and like them too. 
Seokjin watched him eating the sweet dumplings he loved so much, happily munching on the treat. He smiled at him with a full mouth, his cheeks puffed with food. Seokjin was happy to see the color in his cheeks and the sparkle in his eyes, his smile was everything to him.
He saw the crumbs on the corner of his lips and bent to lick it off.
“What are you doing?”
“Eating you.” Taehyung giggled and he grinned at him before taking his lips between his, nibbling on his bottom lip and sucking it. Taehyung moaned in his mouth, pushing himself closer. The alpha kissed him deeply and swiped his tongue, invading his mouth and tasting the dumplings as he played with his tongue.
“Mm the children..” Taehyung said in a muffled voice against the kiss. His hand clenched on his chest.
“Then let’s go home so I can continue my dessert.” He smirked at the heavily panting omega.
“But we didn’t ride the Ferris wheel! It’s the most important part of a carnival.”
“Taehyungie you’re scared of heights.” He reminded him.
“I’m not! Let’s go ride it, I want to try.” He got up and took him to the Ferris wheel.
 
 
“I’m gonna die, I’m gonna die, I’m gonna die.” Taehyung panicked, tightly gripping Seokjin’s body, he had his eyes shut tightly, his face covered in his chest as the alpha had his arms around him. “WHY IS IT SO HIGH?!”
He resisted the urge to laugh and patted his back. “You aren’t dying Taetae.”
“I am!” He moved up to look at him and yelped when the cabin swayed slightly because of his sudden movement.
“Shit shit it’s going to fall, I’m gonna die at 18.” He wailed. “In a fucking Ferris wheel.”
“Where’s the brave Taehyung from 10 minutes ago who wanted to ride ‘the most important part of a carnival?’” Seokjin snickered.
“I’m not joking!” Taehyung pouted and his eyes teared up. Seokjin cooed “I’m sorry baby, you have nothing to be scared of okay? We’re halfway there and we will go down soon.” The boy was seriously scared it melted Seokjin’s heart.
“Just focus on me and relax, it won’t move if you stop being uptight.” He caressed his cheek and pecked his lips, once, twice, he felt his body relaxing in his arms as he peppered kisses all over his face, a kiss on his forehead, his nose, his eye, his cheek and back to his mouth.
“Ah!” Taehyung moaned when he moved down to his neck and nipped the skin between his teeth, tasting it and then soothing the tender place with his tongue. 
He was leaning heavily on Taehyung and the movement made the cabin sway again. Taehyung gave a small scream and sat upright, clinging to him again. “Stop you’ll make us fall!” He yelled in distress.
“Sorry sorry.” He smirked, shamelessly enjoying the feeling of the omega clinging to him. He rubbed his back and hair soothingly till the ride came to an end and they finally got out.
 
————
 
Their lips clashed together as they entered the house, Taehyung held his head and pulled him closer, kissing his lips like a starving man. Their bodies were pressed together like gloves.
Seokjin moved his hands all over his body, leaving fire in his wake as his tongue fought with his. “Mhmm Seokjin.” He moaned as his hand fell on his butt, squeezing the soft cheek. He arched into him, pressing his growing arousal into his thigh. Seokjin’s knee pressed into him, making him cry out.
Seokjin broke the kiss and looked at the omega’s hazy eyes filled with desire, they were both breathing heavily as he asked “Are you sure you want this? I won’t hold back after this so you better stop now if you’re not ready..”
“I’m sure. I want you. I want to feel you Seokjin, make me forget the world this night.” He whispered as he moved closer and pressed his lips to the alpha’s gently, moving his lips over his. He responded fast, deepening the kiss and then swiftly picked him up in his arms. 
“As you wish, my love.” Taehyung yelped and giggled as Seokjin continued kissing his lips, drinking in every sound. His cheeks pinked at the endearment.
He lowered him to the bed and attacked his neck, his hands caressing his skin through the shirt, moving it upwards over his head. “You too.” Taehyung whispered, opening his buttons and helped him remove the shirt. Seokjin licked at his scent gland, taking in it’s sweet smell, sending him shivers at the sensation. 
Taehyung hugged him tightly as he peppered kisses and small bites over his neck and collarbones, painting them red.
“Seokjin!” Taehyung moaned as Seokjin tugged at the small nipple between his teeth, gently teasing the sensitive part and sucking at it, while his hand played with the other, twisting it and pressing with his finger.
He held his cheeks, leading him back to his lips and kissed him deeply. He wanted to feel him, wanted to taste him too. “My turn.” He pushed at him, making him flip them over so he was straddling his thighs, they moaned as their arousals hit each other.
He rocked against him slightly, his mouth coming down to his hard chest, giving it his attention. He wanted to leave marks just as he did for him. He wanted to see his imprint on Seokjin. He kissed and sucked hard at a spot near his collarbone, his nose pressed into the scent gland was making him dizzy with want. He wanted to bite. Unconsciously he bit the sweet spot hard with his teeth. 
“Ouch tiger cub! Calm down there if you don’t want us to end up mating.”  Seokjin teased the younger who grinned at him sheepishly, soothing it with his tongue gently. ‘I wouldn’t mind that..’ he thought but didn’t speak the words. He knew it was too soon and his instincts were just heightened with the desire.
“I marked you, now Beakhyun can’t take you from me.” He smiled proudly at Seokjin, touching the deep red hickey.
“No one can take me from you tiger cub.” Seokjin kissed him, switching their position  again, “and no one can take you from me.” He bit his bottom lip, feeling him smile against his mouth and pull him closer. His hand went down to his abandoned hole that was getting the pants wet. Taehyung’s moans were swallowed into the kiss as he pushed at the fabric covering his entrance. The alpha opened the buttons and he shimmied out of his pants and boxers, leaving him completely bare under him, his beautiful body spread out like a deliciously prepared meal. “You’re so gorgeous. There’s no one like you.” He blushed as the alpha marveled at him.
He pressed kisses down his tummy to his swollen member till he reached his leaking hole. He licked at the juices, his tongue going in and out. Taehyung clenched the sheets tightly, whining as the warm organ caressed his walls. His hand grabbed his cock, pumping the member at the same rhythm as his tongue. “Seokjin! I-I want to-“ he moaned.
“Come for me baby.” Seokjin encouraged, adding his fingers with his tongue, teasing the pink clenching flesh. He quickened his pace, pumping him harder till he burst, calling his name as his release hit him, painting his stomach and Jin’s hand white. 
He went up and kissed the panting omega, the taste of his slick on his tongue was arousing. He felt Seokjin’s throbbing member on his stomach and wanted to help his alpha get his release. He flipped them, tugged at the pants and pulled them off, Seokjin kicking the rest away. 
He rubbed himself against him, making Seokjin hiss and rut against him. They both moaned as he teased them both by rubbing the tip against his slippery wet entrance. 
“Stop playing baby, c’mon.” Seokjin gripped his hips tightly, positioning him and thrusted up, entering him swiftly.
“Ahh.” He threw his head back, the feeling of being overly filled with Seokjin’s cock was mind blowing. He moved against him hastily, Seokjin meeting his hips with his hard thrusts. 
“Seokjin!” A particularly well aimed thrust made him moan loudly, arching his body as stars formed behind his eyes. His hips trembled as he quickened his pace, chasing his release unceremoniously. “Here, right here..” he mumbled incoherently, voice filled with need. 
Seokjin changed their position and threw his legs up fucking into him deeper. Each thrust was met with a moan as he hit his sweet spot over and over. His nails scratched against his back as he pressed himself to him. Seokjin groaned when his walls tightened around him as he hit his orgasm. “Yes! Yes!” He rode his high, Seokjin coming seconds after him, releasing his warmth inside him with a deep grunt. 
He fell on top of him, panting heavily while Taehyung hugged his sweaty body tightly.
Seokjin pressed his face into his neck pressing soft kisses, he caressed his alpha’s soft hair, he was overcome with a surge of emotion, the words were on the tip of his tongue but he bit them away. ‘Stop Taehyung, don’t be a fool.’
“How was that, did you forget the world?” Seokjin pecked him then gave him a soft smile, looking down at his flushed cheeks and swollen lips, his eyes were glittering and happy. “I sure did.” He kissed his chest. Seokjin removed himself, both wincing slightly as he pulled his member out. He went to the bathroom and brought a wet rag, running it over Taehyung’s body to clean their mess, he giggled when he tickled him lightly, teasing him while grinning. 
Seokjin’s heart was full with happiness, Taehyung’s doe eyes and sweet smile was so enchanting, he never wanted it to leave his face. He loved him so much. He paused at the thought. His eyebrows furrowed, since when did he associate that word with Taehyung? ‘Love? Surely not. It’s too soon. I don’t love him.. do I?’ He shook his head, brushing it off to think about later. He put the dirty rag away and laid down, taking the drowsy boy into his arms, caressing his hair as his mind twisted and turned with thoughts.
“Seokjin..” Taehyung mumbled against his neck, his pheromones were putting him under a calming spell and he felt blessed at that moment. “Hmm?” He dropped a kiss to his head to show him that he was listening. “What do you think about work?”
“Work?” Taehyung nodded and pulled away to look at his face. “I want to work.” He said firmly.
“Sure baby, of course I wouldn’t say no. It’s your choice and you can do whatever you want.” Taehyung knew that but it still made him smile that his alpha wasn’t like those disgusting, controlling alphas. “Did you have something in mind?” 
“Well.. Jiminie told me they need a model for their magazine. But I don’t know yet if I want to do that.” He bit his lip.
Seokjin frowned a bit “But Taehyung, your face will be on the magazine or maybe on other ads too.. don’t forget we still haven’t caught your uncle. I know I said you can do whatever you want but think about your safety first..” 
“I know I know.. I just.. I don’t want to sit here and wallow for who knows how long. What if he never gets caught? What if he left the country? Will I stay and do nothing  for the rest of my life just for my safety?!” He said in clear frustration. Seokjin caressed his cheek to comfort him, he got emotional too quickly.
“Of course not. This isn’t what I meant.” He began in a calm voice, “How about looking for a different job? Something safer?” 
“Like what? I don’t have anything except a useless high school diploma, no one would hire me..” he looked down in sadness. “You know my dream when I was little was to become an actor.. then it changed when I first held a camera. I wished to be a photographer. But my uncle never let me pursue that.. I begged him countless times to let me go to university. I even told him I would pay for it myself but the selfish bastard never agreed.” He sighed, his eyes watering. “I think he liked to see me begging and then refuse and throw in insults in his sick twisted way. I was so stupid to try.” He shook his head, gritting his teeth at the memory. He hated the way his uncle made him feel so weak.
Seokjin wanted to find that asshole and make him pay already. His fists clenched, he took a deep breath, calming himself. “Forget about him. You have a new life now, you can pursue your dreams again. Do you you want to go to college? I will pay for it.”
He shook his head, “No Seokjin I don’t want that. It’s too much and I can’t be that dependent on you. It’s enough that you’re paying for literally everything else.”
“Why not? I’m responsible for you..”
“I know you are, and you take good care of me. But I would like to be more independent now, I want to feel like I do something, like.. I have a purpose.” He looked into his eyes deeply, hoping he understands. “This is why I want to work. I’ll just go with Jimin and maybe look for other jobs there.. maybe they need an assistant or something.” He bit his nail, deep in thought.
Seokjin didn’t push, he wanted him to be comfortable and free. He’s got enough of people telling him what to do. “I hope you find something there, love. My offer still stands. I want you to do everything you want.” He kissed his forehead gently. The omega thanked him softly and they both laid down again cuddling against each other.
Taehyung felt content. Seokjin was so precious, he understood him and never forced him to do anything. He knew whoever had him would be so lucky, and that someone turned out to be him. He was never letting him go. He nuzzled into his neck, smiling as he drifted off into dream land, seeing little black haired children who looked like mini Seokjinnies, giggling as they crowded their father.



Chapter End Notes
They finally had a dateee!! What do you think? Did you like it? Hate it? I love reading your comments, so please give me someee pretty please will love you forever <3 <3 your support makes my heart go boom boom.Thank you so much for reading and I hope you like this chapter, there’s still nothing much happening I know but I’m building to it.. do you like the taejin fluff? Or do you prefer angst I’m curious..


Chapter 8
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Taehyung woke up bright and early with Seokjin. They spent the last 2 days in total bless together. After that night, he didn’t have any more nightmares, he only had the sweetest dreams. He felt like he could take on the world. Nothing and no one would stop him. He was going to look for a job today and he was determined to find something.Seokjin got out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his waist. “Go freshen up babe, I’m gonna make us a light breakfast.” He pecked his lips and opened the wardrobe, bringing out his suit to wear.After showering and dressing, they sat down to eat. “It’s nice to have breakfast with you, you used to sleep till noon last week, lazy head.” He teased, taking a bite of his scrambled eggs.Taehyung smacked his shoulder lightly, “Shush ass, from today onward I’m a brand new Taehyung. You’ll see.” He finished spreading jam into his toast and extended it in front of Seokjin’s mouth. “Here, try this.”Seokjin took a bite and complimented him on how delicious it is. Of course he tried toast with jam before but he humored his baby. Taehyung looked proud of himself as he ate. He had to admit Seokjin was right, it was nice.They finished eating and were ready to leave. “You can go first Seokjin, I’ll still text Jimin to come pick me up, I don’t want you to be late.” He picked you his phone sending a text for Jimin that he’s ready.“Don’t text him, I’ll take you. There’s still some time left.” He said wearing his suit jacket.“Are you sure?”
“Of course. If you get the job, I can give you a ride every morning. Jimin may take you home since I most probably will finish later.” He took his hand in his and they both went out to the car. He texted Jimin about the change in plans and kissed his boyfriend’s cheek, smiling at him in thanks. ————— “Be careful always.”
“Yes.”
“And never trust any strangers.”
“Ok.”
“Make sure to never stay alone, either with Jimin or a group of people.”
“I won’t.”
“If you need anything or if something happens call me ASAP. I’m gonna keep the phone on at all times.”
“I will. Promise.”
“Make sure to eat your meals on time.”
“Am I a kid going to school? Ok dad.” He rolled his eyes.“I’m not your dad.” Seokjin tapped his thigh.
“Yeah, you’re just my daddy.” He grinned mischievously, looking at him from under his lashes.
“W-what..” Seokjin’s ears pinked, he looked flustered. “That wasn’t what I meant but okay.” He cleared his throat, adjusting his tie in rear view mirror.Taehyung watched his ears redden at the word and snickered, filing away this piece of information. ‘Cutee.’“Daddy? Can I go now or do you need something else.” He teased. Seokjin glared at him, while he looked innocently back. “What is it daddy?”
He leaned closer and closer till his hot breath fanned his ear, a shiver ran down his spine as his deep voice whispered “Call me that again and we’re both not going anywhere today.. we haven’t tried car sex yet, have we?” He bit his ear shell gently, his tongue flicking out to give it a small lick. Taehyung gulped and moved away, every nerve on his body was on fire, the car suddenly felt too small and tight. He fanned himself, opening the black tinted window a little.Seokjin smirked, that would teach him to play with him and tease him. “Last thing, don’t start something you can’t finish, pretty little omega.” He pressed his nose affectionately with his finger pad. “Whatever.” He stuck his tongue at him and opened the car door. “Bye ass.”“Wait! You forgot something.” Seokjin called before he got out.“What? No I didn’t-“ He was cut off with Seokjin’s lips claiming his, kissing him deeply and thoroughly. “Hmm.” He gave a dazed blink when they separated, reaching for more.  “Nope, unfortunately it’s time to go or I’m gonna be late.” He cleared his head and nodded at Seokjin, smiling softly.“Have fun, love. Tell me how it goes okay?” “I will.” Seokjin waved to him as he got out, watching him drive away before entering the large building. He took a deep breath as the cool AC hit his face ‘Here goes nothing.’ He texted Jimin and tried to still the butterflies and nerves dancing in his stomach. ————— “What do you mean an assistant? I want you to be a model!” Jimin crosses his arms.“I wanted that too.. I guess. But I can’t. Seokjin said it would be dangerous to show my face so much and I agree. My uncle is still free remember?” Taehyung explained, biting his nails nervously.Jimin pouted “I haven’t thought about that.. you’re right I guess.” He tapped on his chin in thought. “I don’t think they need any assistants hmm.. let me go ask around- Oh! Seojoon hyung!” He called out to what appeared to bs a struggling photographer. He was tall and handsome with a large camera around his neck, but his face was contorted as he tried to balance all the equipment, from the camera stand to the props. Taehyung sniffed and concluded that he was a beta.“Ah hello Jiminie, how are you today?” Seojoon asked pleasantly, putting the things on the floor and taking a rest.“Good good. This is my friend Taehyung, this is Seojoon, our professional and very talented photographer.” He grinned with a glint in his eyes. He looked like the wheels were turning in his brain as he planned something.“Nice to meet you, Taehyung-ssi.” He shook his hand, smiling at him gently. “You too Seojoon-ssi.” “I see you’re still struggling with the equipment.. is there no one to help you Seojoonie hyung?” Jimin tilted his head innocently. He sighed “No, I keep telling them to find me an assistant but they never listen, if I break something one day it’ll be their fault.” He ran a hand through his hair in frustration.“True, it’s your right..” Jimin gasped “Wait a minute, what luck! Taehyungie here was looking for a job, would you like him to be your assistant? I’ll have you know he loves photography so much, in fact it’s his hobby and he wanted to pursue it professionally but couldn’t. He knows a lot about it and will surely help you.” He gave him a blinding grin. “I- umm sure of course.. but you must ask them first.. it’s not my choice you know..” he trailed off, scratching his hair.“Oh leave that to me! Boss wouldn’t mind. Just come with me to tell him how desperately you need an assistant and I’ll do the rest.” Taehyung watched the exchange in amusement, Jimin sure knew how to get what he wants, and he didn’t doubt he could convince their boss just as easily. He gave him a sneaky wink as he led Seojoon away, nodding at whatever he was saying. Taehyung held back his laugh and followed them, the nervousness from earlier completely vanished. ————- “Congratulations Taetae! You’re officially an employee at glamour magazine, the best one in the country!” Jimin hugged him tightly, clashing their cheeks together. They finished convincing the boss and then they procured a deal for him, they talked about the pay and what was needed of him and he even made Namjoon look at the documents for him. They were at his office now, waiting for Seojoon to finish his photo session to take him on a tour and explain to him how to work. He grinned “Thank you Minnie, it was all literally thanks to you.”
He giggled “Oh stop, when you start working they’ll wonder how they ever managed before you.” He praised him, his best friend was truly something else. He was clearly very loved and very influential in the company.“Congratulations Taehyung.” Namjoon also said and gave him a hug. “Thanks hyung. You also helped me out, I’m so grateful to you both.” “Don’t say that Taetae we’re soumstes remember.” Jimin squeezed his hand then went to Namjoon’s side, standing on tip toes to kiss the tall alpha’s cheek. “Thank you for helping us babe.” “Anything for my love and his bestie.” He smiled gently, pecking his lips.“I’m gonna go tell Seokjin.” He smiled giddily, and Jimin shooed him to an empty adjacent room. He called him and he answered on the second ring, “Hi babe, how did it go?”“Seokjin, I got the job!” He squealed.“Wow! So fast? Congratulations Taehyungie, I knew you could do it.”
“Thank you, well Jimin helped a lot.” He plopped down on the chair.“Oh really? What job did you get though?”
“I’m gonna be an assistant photographer! Can you believe it?” A wide grin split his face.“That’s amazing! One step closer to your dream job right?”
“Yes! I’m gonna work hard and gain experience and maybe I can become a professional one day.” “I believe you can baby, you can do anything you put your mind to.”
His heart warmed “Thank you, mwaah.” He blew him a kiss through the phone making him laugh at the cute gesture.“Don’t laugh, send one back.” Taehyung teased.
“I’ve got clients waiting babe, I’m gonna give you that and more when I see you.”“Oops sorry I forgot to ask if you were busy.” He pouted a bit.
“I’m never busy for you, have a good day and I’ll talk to you later ok?”
“Yes.” He smiled softly as they said their goodbyes and ended the call. He put a hand on his heart that was beating wildly in his chest. Seokjin affected him so badly, he was completely gone for him. He was falling too deeply and too fast but he didn’t care. He was happy. ————— Taehyung plopped on the bed, sighing deeply after returning home and taking a quick shower. He thought back on his day, he got the job too quickly but Seojoon was a kind and gentle man, he helped him a lot and was patient as he guided him on what he needed to do and explained his work process, he knew they were going to get along very well and he was excited to learn more from him about photography. The whole magazine staff were pleasant and it was a huge plus that he got to work with Jimin and Namjoon, they made sure he didn’t feel alone at all. His work finished at 3 pm and it was now 5 pm, he figured he could take a small nap till Jin came back, after all he wasn’t used to waking up at those early hours yet. The cool bed sheets lured him and he fell asleep, hugging his pillow close. The phone ringing woke him up, he answered it without looking, head still under the covers. “Hello..” he mumbled huskily.
“Babe? Are you sleeping?” Seokjin’s gentle voice came on, he smiled.
“Mhmm, just a quick nap till you come back.”“But I wanted to take you out to dinner to  celebrate your new job, are you too tired?” Taehyung’s eyes snapped open and he sat up quickly “Nope! Not at all I’m wide awake now.”
Seokjin chuckled at the enthusiasm, “You’re so cute!” He almost cooed.Taehyung grinned, “When are you coming?”
“In an hour at most, wear something classy.”“But aren’t you tired? We’re going to stay up late too..” He wondered uneasily.
“We’re probably going to regret this in the morning.. but it’ll be worth it!” He laughed.“Okay! Bye.” Taehyung got up excitedly, he looked at the clock and gasped when he saw it was 7 pm already, he thought he slept only for an hour at most.
He freshened up at the bathroom, washing his face and his teeth then went back to look for something to wear. He choose a white v neck shirt, and black suit pants and jacket. He wore them and looked in the mirror, his neck felt too bare so he picked a thin red scarf and tied it around his neck. He smiled, satisfied at the final touch. He straightened his hair and parted it in the middle, then put on some light make up that consisted of mascara, thin black eyeliner that made his wide eyes pop more and soft red lipstick that tasted like strawberries, Seokjin loved it.He added some bracelets and wore his 4 thin silver rings then polished his shiny black shoes and wore them. He took his phone and snapped some selfies, sending a kissy one for Seokjin. His phone shimmed with his reply.Baby angel💜: your lips look lonely, would they like to meet mine?He burst into a fit of giggles when he read the corny message. He was so cheesy.Me : they said they’d love to go on a date with yours.Baby angel💜: a very very long date.Me : where they’ll introduce tongues?Baby angel💜: definitely
Baby angel💜: show me what you’re wearingHe posed in front of the mirror and took a pic of his whole look, sending it to him.Baby angel💜: damnMe : what is it?Baby angel💜: I think I got burned because of your heatHe giggled again rolling his eyes, Seokjin was so silly.Baby angel💜: I’m driving home now, I’ll text you to meet me outside because if I enter I’m not sure we would leave the houseMe : alright. drive safely, can’t wait 😘💜
Baby angel💜: I will babe♥️♥️♥️♥️He smiled as he browsed through his Twitter, waiting for the text. After some minutes he texted him and he got out to find Seokjin leaning on the car door with a large bouquet of flowers. His heart skipped a beat at the dashing man, he still looked amazing after a long day at work.“For the most beautiful omega.” He grinned widely as he took his hand and kissed it, handing him the bouquet. “Why thank you, most handsome alpha.” They pecked each other and then entered the car.Seokjin had his hand linked with his on his thigh the whole car ride. He listened intently to his chatter about his day, he told him all the details and Seokjin was laughing and shaking his head in disbelief at Jimin’s doings.“I swear everyone is whipped for Jimin at that place, I’m sure if he didn’t have Namjoon hyung they’d all be fighting for him.” Taehyung chuckled.“I’m glad you have them both with you, I don’t have to worry too much about you.” He smiled.“Yeah. Also Seojoon hyung, he’s really kind. He’s so tall but so gentle.” Seokjin raised his brow, “Is that the photographer?”“Yes! He showed me around the place and told me what to do for him, he’s so nice I can’t wait to work for him.” Taehyung grinned.“Hmm..” Seokjin’s eyebrows furrowed, Taehyung noticed and decided to tease him a bit.“He’s so handsome too, and his body is really built, when I hugged him I felt his biceps flexing-“ Seokjin’s hand tightened almost painfully on his thigh.“And why exactly were you touching him?” He said in a low growl.“J-just to thank him.” He bit his lip to keep the smile off. “Still I don’t like that. He may get the wrong idea.” Taehyung smiled “Are you jealous?” He ran his finger over his thigh.They reached the restaurant and Seokjin parked the car, then looked at him, two chocolate brown eyes stared at his intensely, the look in his eyes made the breath catch in his throat. “What if I am?” He said lowly, his hand going up his thigh as he advanced closer.“I was just teasing you..” he swallowed, he could feel the intense pheromones like a physical barrier, trapping him. His hand that crept up reached his crotch, he patted it with a finger and Taehyung jumped a little at the sudden contact. “Didn’t I tell you to not start something you can’t finish?” His breath fanned his face, then he bent his head down and bit on a sensitive part, so close to his scent gland, Taehyung moaned as he sucked on it deeply. Seokjin grabbed the back of neck and crashed his lips into his, kissing, biting and nibbling on them. “Mmm delicious.” He mumbled into his lips, darting his tongue out and licking the two buds. Taehyung wrapped his arms around his neck. “My sweet strawberry.. you’re mine only aren’t you?”Taehyung smiled softly “Of course.”“And you need to stop rilling me up in the car if you don’t want to end up ravished.” He smirked up at the alpha, “What if I want to?” “Do you just love playing with fire?”
“Only if that fire is you.” The omega pressed a kiss to the corner of his mouth, resting his hands over his chest.He inhaled deeply, “You’re gonna be the death of me.” He giggled and Seokjin kissed him again, his hand moving to caress over his body.Taehyung broke the kiss and pushed at him, “I didn’t mean now, I don’t want to get my outfit ruined.. but I don’t mind the prospect one day.” He bit his lip teasingly. Seokjin groaned, “You’re gonna be the death of me!” He repeated and Taehyung laughed loudly, patting his shoulder. They adjusted their clothes and Taehyung moved his scarf to cover the newly forming hickey on his neck but Seokjin moved it away again, smirking at him. He rolled his eyes and covered it, looking at Seokjin with a raised eyebrow.
“What? I want everyone to know you’re mine.” He said defensively. “I’m literally covered from head to toe with your pheromones babe, no one will have a doubt.”“So are you going to cover my mark when we’re mates too?” Seokjin’s eyes widened at what he said.“W-what? ‘When?’” Taehyung froze, looking at him in shock.He cleared his throat, feeling his ears and the back of his neck burn. “W-well yeah.. I mean, I wouldn’t mind that.. in the future! Not now at all of course! Not that I would hate that but it’s too soon and-“ Taehyung put his finger over his lips, giggling gently at the flustered alpha. “I understand.. you don’t have to explain. I’d love to be your mate ‘in the future’. Of course I wouldn’t cover it.” He said gently, suddenly feeling shy himself. Seokjin smiled, kissing his forehead. “Did I just make you a promise? Am I trapped now?” He teased.“Shush I know you love it.” Taehyung held his cheek with his hand.“You’re right, it’s the sweetest trap.” He kissed his lips again, “Specifically a strawberry flavored trap.” “Gosh you’re obsessed with this lipstick. You ate it all off.” Taehyung rolled his eyes.“Admit it, this is why you keep wearing it.” He grinned at Taehyung’s flush. “Maybe.”  They finally got out of the car, Taehyung looked at the beautiful restaurant, it was called Clair de Lune, which he knew meant moonlight. They entered and Seokjin told them about his reservation, the restaurant was classic, French style with people dressed in suits and dresses, slow romantic music played as some couples were dancing, holding each other close. It had a soft yellowish light and the tables had egg shell white covers and white chairs. White and purple flowers decorated the tables.Taehyung loved it already, he loved the classical atmosphere and how romantic and fancy it all was, they were led to a window seat that overlooked the glittering lights of the city at night, they sat on their chairs, in front of each other.Seokjin smiled at him, taking both his hands in his. “What do you think?” “I love it Seokjin! This must be so expensive.”
“Nothing is expensive for you.” He kissed his hand.The waiter came with the menus, handing them one each. “Wine sir?” He asked, “Yes please.” At Seokjin’s answer, he set the bottle on the table, opening it and filling the long flutes with the red wine. He looked at the menu, he didn’t recognize most of the dishes, they all had French names. He knew a little French but he sure didn’t know about French foods. “Seokjinnn, can you just order for me?” He huffed, “I don’t understand anything, I only know Ratatouille because it’s in that rat movie.” He pouted a little.Seokjin laughed, “Okay babe leave it to me, I know your taste.” He gestured to the waiter who moved away to give them privacy but was still standing next to them.“I would like a Flamiche, Boeuf bourguignon, hmm would you like to try the ratatouille?” He looked at him, Taehyung shrugged shyly “I don’t know..”
“Alright then add the ratatouille, oh and Coq au vin.”“Anything else sir?” The waiter asked as he scribbled his order on the gold edged notepad. “No thank you, we’ll see about dessert later.” Seokjin smiled and the guy bowed and left.“So.. Cock au vin huh?” Taehyung snickered. “You’re such a child.” Seokjin rolled his eyes but laughed along with him.

“Wasn’t that too much food for the 2 of us though?”
“Nah, we both have an appetite don’t we?”
Taehyung giggled “True.”He took a sip of his wine and motioned for Taehyung to do the same, “Let’s drink for your new job then you don’t have to drink anymore if you don’t want to.. don’t force yourself if you hate it ok?” Seokjin knew he didn’t like the taste of alcohol, but he chose this wine when he made the reservation because it was sweet and he knew Taehyung would like it. He nodded and held his glass.“To Taehyung’s continued success, I hope this job brings you closer to your dream and make you happy.” They clinked the glasses then drank together.Taehyung’s eyes widened at the sweet fruity flavor as he took more gulps, “Wait this actually tastes good? What kind is this?”  He held the bottle, reading the French on it. ‘Of course it would be French.’“They don’t have it at a lot of places, but I’ll bring you here whenever you want it.” Seokjin smiled at him, glad that his hunch was correct. “Hmm.” Taehyung almost moaned as he drank at what tasted like a sweet aphrodiastic, the more he drank the more he wanted more. He finished the glass in a few minutes.Seokjin chuckled “Slow down sweetheart, I don’t want you to get drunk so quickly. We can’t dance like that..”Taehyung gasped, “We can dance?!”
“We can, do you want to?”“Are you kidding me? Of course!” He grinned, jumping up and down in his seat excitedly. The wine was kinda getting to his head but he didn’t care.Seokjin got up, bowing to him with a hand behind his back and the other extended “May I have this dance?” He grinned, in Taehyung’s eyes he looked like a Prince Charming with his pools of chocolate brown eyes, his thick eyebrows, his hair that was parted to the side, bangs falling on his forehead and the black suit stretching over his wide shoulders. He came right out of a fairytale. “You may.” He took his hand and let himself be led to the dance floor, he positioned his hand on his shoulder while Seokjin held his waist firmly, pulling him closer till their chests were flushed together. He took his other hand in his and they began the waltz. Taehyung’s heart fluttered in his chest like a butterfly as he lost himself in the dance and Seokjin’s eyes, letting the magical air take him far away, to a place with just him and Seokjin and no one else. They twirled smoothly, sliding across the floor, till the song ended and the spell broke. They panted still not letting each other go, Seokjin pecked his lips gently. “You’re a phenomenal dancer.” He complimented.“So are you, I didn’t know you could dance so well! When did you learn?” Taehyung asked curiously, he himself took some dance classes in high school because Jimin was obsessed with it and they learned different types of dances, but he never expected Seokjin to know it too, especially the waltz, a classic dance.They swayed gently to the soft rhythm that played, it was a slow song. “Yeah it was kinda required for me to learn it.. my family is umm how would you say it, ‘upper class?’ Yeah.” Taehyung’s curiously was piqued, he didn’t know much about Jin’s family because they never talked about their families before. Taehyung didn’t want to reveal anything about his so he never asked, but now Seokjin knew almost everything and he realized he knows almost nothing. “Tell me more about them.” Seokjin chuckled “It’s not nearly as exciting as you think. Basically my dad just owns a shit load of companies and he’s from the higher ups in society so it was a different life growing up.. every action was watched and I had to act in a certain way. My dad expected me to be an alpha and he groomed me to take over his business, but I didn’t want that. He hated that I rebelled against him and used to try and reign me back in every way, from beatings to bribery.. it took a lot of fighting to get where I am today. He allowed me to be independent as I wanted but he and I quote “would never give me a penny of his even if I begged on my knees” which of course I’d never do.” He rolled his eyes. “I made my own life and I’m content now.” He smiled.“Wow.. you had a difficult childhood too.” Taehyung frowned, “So do you never talk to them now?”“Well my dad rarely, but I do talk to my mom a lot. Although she couldn’t go against my father she tried her best to support me silently.” He shrugged. “We still meet during holidays and such too.. although that was recent since he didn’t even want to see me at first.” He said bitterly.“Oh Seokjin.. I’m sorry.” He kissed his cheek, his fingers playing with the hair on the back of his neck comfortingly.“Don’t be, why are you sorry?” He chuckled. “It’s all in the past. Now I’m happy, with you.” They smiled at each other, their noses nuzzling together.“Oh look our food is finished. Let’s go eat.”   As soon as he said that, Taehyung felt his stomach growl. The aroma of delicious food invaded his nostrils as they sat down. He looked at the various dishes and was unsure which one to choose. “Which one’s the cock?” He blurted making Seokjin throw his head back and laugh. “I see you’re a cock lover.” He smirked, raising his brow. Taehyung giggled “Only one, but maybe I’ll like this one too.” He grinned teasingly.Seokjin laughed again and touched his nose affectionately, then pointed to a dish of braised chicken, with mushrooms and vegetables arranged around it. Taehyung took a bite, letting the flavor fill his mouth. He loved it, it had a foreign but nice taste. After that he tried them all, even the ratatouille he was so curious about, giving Jin his thoughts about them like he was a food rater. Seokjin’s choices were the best, he really did have impeccable taste in food. They both enjoyed the meal and wine, finishing almost everything.“Ahh I’m so full!” Taehyung patted his stomach. “It was delicious Seokjin, thank you.” He squeezed his hand through the table. “I’m happy you liked it.”The waiter came to take the empty dishes and hand them the dessert menu. Taehyung sipped slowly at his third glass of wine, he resisted drinking fast because this was gonna be his last. He didn’t want to get drunk or worse, wake up with a hangover tomorrow. But he was just the best kind of buzzed.“Do you want dessert, Tae?”
“Nope. I can’t put anything more in my mouth.” Taehyung patted his stomach “It’s filled to the brim.”“Nothing at all? Not even cock?” He smirked and Taehyung hit his arm. “Stop being naughty for one second.” Taehyung shook his head as he laughed.“Fine. I have something for you.” His smile gentled as he reaches inside his suit jacket, bringing a small deep blue jewelry box. Taehyung gasped softly as he opened it, revealing a pair of oval ruby red jeweled earrings with gold borders around them. They glittered in the light attractively and his hand reached to touch them gently.“They’re beautiful, Seokjin. You didn’t have to.. you already did so much for me.” His eyes watered a little, feeling overwhelmed with the amount of things Seokjin was doing for him. Seokjin noticed and took his hand, kissing its back and then putting it over his cheek. “Listen I love spoiling my boyfriend.. but if you don’t feel comfortable tell me and I’ll stop. I just want to make you happy.”Taehyung shook his head, “It’s not that I just.. I feel like you’re giving me too much while I gave you nothing at all except shit.” “Taehyungie, you gave me so much too, you gave me laughter and happiness and countless cuddles and sweet nights. I was so lonely before you and life was just a boring routine. You gave my life flavor.. since we were friends and till we became lovers.” He kissed his hand again. “Don’t say that again, you gave me anything but shit.” Taehyung pressed his lips in an effort to stop the tears from falling, he grabbed the napkin and dabbed at the corners of his eyes gently to not disturb his makeup. “I can’t believe this, how are you so romantic? How do you always know exactly what to say?”“Because I’m perfect of course.” Seokjin grinned.“How are you so arrogant too?” Taehyung giggled as he laughed. “No really.. thank you. I’m so beyond happy. Meeting you was the best thing that happened in my life.. right after being Jimin’s soulmate.” He teased.Seokjin rolled his eyes “Fair I guess, since he’s the one who made us meet I’m gonna let him take the 1st place.” Taehyung took the earrings, admiring them and looked at Seokjin “Put them on me?” The alpha got up and went to his side, doing as he requested with a smile. He was glad Taehyung seemed to accept what he said, he didn’t like to see him feeling burdened, but he really wouldn’t be able to stop himself from showering him with gifts and spoiling him.He stood back and admired his omega, a wide smile on his lips and the rubies shinning, accentuating his beauty more. They matched his clothes well too, he was satisfied with his choice.“Want to get out of here?” Seokjin asked and Taehyung stood up. “Yes. Let’s take some pictures first, I want to always remember this magical night.” Seokjin hugged his waist “We’re going to have many more nights like this baby.” He kissed his cheek.Taehyung snapped some shots of them and then Seokjin went to pay. Taehyung’s eyes almost popped out of their sockets when he heard the number. He stood mute as Seokjin handed them his black card nonchalantly, like he was used to paying this amount just for a dinner.“Are you filthy rich?” Taehyung asked bluntly on their way to the car. Seokjin burst into laughter “No! I’m just a good businessman. I told you my dad groomed us to take after him right? Well he taught us well and those tips actually helped me even after I decided to pursue a different path. Besides, being a top lawyer does pay well. That’s why I don’t want you to ever worry about money, your pay would be for you, I’ll provide for anything you need, deal?”“No, when I get paid I’m gonna pay for myself. I don’t want to take your money.” Taehying looked at him offended. Seokjin shook his head “Babe, I know you never experienced an alpha actually taking care of you for so long.. but this is pretty normal. It’s like.. you’re under my responsibility you know? You’re my omega now. So please let me.”Taehyung frowned “Fine I’ll try.. but still I’m going to use my money, why do I work then?” He gave up and kissed his forehead “Do whatever makes you comfortable.. just never hesitate to ask me if you need anything ok?”
Taehyung nodded. ————- “So out of both dates which one did you like better, the carnival or tonight?” Seokjin asked as he threw on sweatpants, foregoing a shirt. Taehyung was patting his face dry after washing off the make up, he wore one of Seokjin’s oversized shirts that swallowed him, reaching his mid thigh.“Hmm both are different, I loved them both though, they each had their charms.” He smiled at him, “My romantic man chooses the best dates.” He caressed his cheek, giving him a quick kiss. “I like the carnival, I loved holding you while you screamed for your life on the Ferris wheel.” He snickered. Taehyung glared at him and punched his chest, “I thought I told you to never mention this again.”“ ‘I’m going to dieee, don’t move Seokjin!’ ” He mocked, hitting his knees as he laughed.“Shut up! What an ass.” Taehyung rolled his eyes.“Your ass.” He went closer to Taehyung, grabbing his hips as he leaned on his forehead, his fingers caressed his bare thighs softly.
“My ass?” Taehyung giggled, “what about it?”Seokjin grinned. “I love it.” He raised his hand up to the curve, holding it in his hand and squeezing tightly.
“Hmnn and what do you love about it?” Taehyung asked breathlessly, speaking on his lips.“I love its big plump cheeks that my fingers can mark easily, and my teeth can leave pretty little nips on,” he squeezed again, biting Taehyung’s lower lip gently. “I love the small pink center, and how it takes my cock so well, clenching desperately around it.” Taehyung moaned as his finger slipped through the underwear, playing with his entrance. Feeling it get wetter and wetter.“I love your taste, I want to live on eating out your ass.” He brought his wet fingers to his lips, licking his fingers clean of the juices.“Hahh it sure sound like you love it a- a lottmhm.” He stuttered on a moan when Seokjin made him take his fingers too, then kissed him deeply to taste him.“I sure do.” He whispered, his voice husky with arousal.“But actions speak louder than words.. why don’t you show me exactly how much?” Taehyung bit his lip, watching him through heavy lidded eyes.
“With pleasure baby.” They fell on the bed, not sleeping until late at night. As Seokjin predicted they felt the lack of sleep in the morning, but it was definitely worth it. ————— They continued their new life together, Taehyung got better at his job under Seojoon’s guidance, he learned a lot from him and was happy with it. Seokjin continued being romantic, doing something different with him every weekend and sometimes on weekdays if they finished work early, filling his life with so much joy. He was happier than he ever was and as the days passed, his love for Seokjin grew more and more. He wanted to confess to him already, but every time it was on the tip of his tongue, he chickened out. He could only do it when the alpha was asleep, whispering the three little words softly as he kissed his hair. Before he knew it, time flew and a month had passed. “Taehyungie wake up!” Seokjin called out again, the omega groaned, “Noooo let me sleepp.” He whined, his eyes still closed. Seokjin was used to waking him up difficultly every morning but for some reason, these days it was extra hard. “Baby, you have to wake up. You don’t want to be late for work right?” He tried again gently, he was already dressed and ready while Taehyung was still sleeping. He’s been trying to wake him up for close to 15 minutes now.He caressed his head “Do you want to skip again?” Seokjin furrowed his eyebrows in worry, Taehyung skipped yesterday because he was too tired, he slept almost all day and claimed he had a headache, but he was better at night so he figured it had already passed.Taehyung moaned “No I can’t, I’m getting up.” He pushed himself to get up, the room spun as he stood on his feet, his legs giving up from under him, almost making him fall if not for Seokjin catching him. “Are you sick?” Seokjin frowned, putting his hand over his forehead to test for a fever but he didn’t feel that it was hotter than normal.Taehyung shook his head “I’m fine. I’ll freshen up and come.” He went slowly to the bathroom, holding his head, he had a huge headache and he felt so nauseous. After freshening up and getting dressed, Taehyung popped 2 pills of Tylenol, hoping they make him feel better. He convinced Seokjin that he was fine and that yes he was sure, “I’m fucking fine I said!” He burst out then apologized to Seokjin profusely, not knowing why he had a sudden outburst.They drove to work, Seokjin giving him a sweet forehead kiss, making him promise to call him throughout the day so he doesn’t get worried, he waved at Seokjin and entered the building.He was greeted by the staff before he took the elevator to reach his floor.
“Taehyung! Wait!” Jimin called out and he pressed the door opening button quickly till his friend reached him.“Thank you.” Jimin smiled panting, “How are you today? Did yesterday’s rest make you feel better?”He shrugged “I don’t know. I took some Tylenol and they’ll make me feel better hopefully.”“Aww if you need anything I’ll be at the office ok? Sorry Taetae I gotta rush, there’s so much work waiting for me and I’m late.” He patted his hair and left quickly to his floor. He understood, they were about to release a special edition of the magazine and everyone was moving around quickly, the whole place was in chaos. Taehyung’s stomach churned as he worked with Seojoon, the headache wouldn’t go away and he couldn’t keep the tiredness from his face. As soon as he noticed that he was still sick, Seojoon told him to go rest. He felt guilty to be leaving all the work for Seojoon, but the beta was adamant. He told him he would just edit the pictures. It was easy enough and he would be resting. He agreed and sent him off.Taehyung sat down at the desk and started editing, a permanent frown on his face due the pounding in his head. The chatter and the cluttering noise didn’t help. The smell of greasy food invaded his nostril, the crew were having a big breakfast, all types of foods were on the table as everyone had plates and ate. They offered some for him but he rejected. Suddenly he felt bile rise up his throat and his stomach spasmed. He covered his mouth, stopping the gags and ran to the nearest bathroom, emptying his stomach into the toilet. He heaved as his stomach squeezed tightly, he felt like his stomach was turning on itself. Even after it was completely empty the the heaving wouldn’t stop.After calming down, he got up and washed his face, and mouth. He took deep breathes, resting on the bathroom counter. He didn’t know what was wrong with him, maybe he should ask Jimin. He decided to go to him and left the counter, moving slowly to not upset his head and stomach again.He wasn’t paying attention while walking at the turn and a running person suddenly slammed into him, knocking him to the ground, making his head hit the floor. He cried out, holding his head with both hands. It hurt.“Fuck I’m so sorry!” The guy helped him up, quickly making him stand, “I’m so sorry I really have to go, forgive me.” The panicked man apologized as he continued running.A wave of dizziness hit him hard and he had to lean on the wall to not fall, the pain and pounding was too much now. Tears gathered at the corner of his eye as he shakily endured to go to Jimin’s office. “Jimin..” he called out as he opened the office door, Jimin looked up from the computer, frowning when he saw his friend’s disheveled state. “I-I don’t feel good..” he felt his eyes roll to the back of his head and everything went black.



Chapter End Notes
I’m back! What do you think? What is wrong with Taetae? :OAs always I hope you lovelies enjoy this chapter and tell me your thoughts, I did say in the tags that this has lots of fluff lol so you’ve been warned, though it’s getting serious.Thank you so much for supporting me and this little story, it reached 200+ kudos!! This is amazing I never expected it to get so much love 😭 I’m so thankful to everyone who took the time to read, comment, give kudos you just make me so so happy, love you <3


Chapter 9
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“I-I don’t feel good..” Jimin gasped loudly, jerking up from his chair as his friend fell to the floor. “Taehyung!” He yelled in distress, running to him. He held the unconscious omega’s head on his lap. “Taehyung, Taehyung please wake up!” He begged in alarm, hitting his cheeks to no use. “Fuck!” He cursed, leaving him on the floor to go quickly get his phone. With shaky fingers he dialed the ambulance and texted Namjoon to come fast.
“What is it? Are you ok?!” Namjoon burst the door open, his eyes widening at the seight of Taehyung and a panicked Jimin on the floor. “I don’t know what happened to him! He suddenly came and fainted!”
“Shit. Calm down love, did you call the ambulance?” Namjoon leaned down, putting his hand on Tae’s forehead to test for a fever. “Was he sick?”
Jimin nodded, “They’ll be here soon. This has never happened to him before Joonie, I talked to him in the morning but I was in a rush and didn’t talk much about his health!” Tears filled his eyes. “I should’ve asked about him more.”
“Don’t worry I’m sure he’ll be fine. C’mon let’s take him down, the ambulance must be arriving.” Namjoon patted Jimin’s hair soothingly and carried Taehyung into his arms. 
 
————
 
Taehyung groaned as he woke up. “Taehyung! You’re finally up.” Jimin sat on a chair next to his bed.
“Jimin what happened?” Taehyung sat up and winced when a sharp pain hit his head. 
“You don’t remember? You suddenly fainted! The doctor examined you and found a huge bump on your head but it wasn’t from the fall, what happened to you?” Jimin looked at him with worried eyes, helping him adjust the pillows behind him. 
“Oh.. someone ran into me and I hit my head while I was coming to you.” Taehyung reached out by his hand and touched his head, feeling a large bandaid on the side of his forehead.
“What!!! Who? I’m going to fight them! And they just left you?! Is this why you fainted?”
“I don’t know.. it’s okay Jimin. I was just tired I think that’s why the fall was harder on me.” He patted his friend’s hand, calming him down.
Jimin huffed in irritation “Anyways, we didn’t know what was wrong with you so I asked them to perform a thorough examination on you. They’re running some tests.”
Taehyung nodded, “Did you call Jin?”
“I was going to call him just before you woke up, let me do it now.”
Taehyung smiled a bit “It’s okay I just want him to know I’m fine cause he made me promise to check in with him. Don’t alarm him.”
Jimin called Seokjin, telling him what happened. Of course as soon as he heard ‘hospital’ he told Jimin he’s coming immediately.
The doctor came in, opening the door. “Hello, how are you feeling? You gave your friend quite the scare.” He chuckled.
“Sorry. I’m fine, my head hurts a little but that’s it..”
“Did you suffer from anything else or is it just this bump?”
“Actually I’ve been feeling sick for a few days. I frequently get headaches and I was feeling nauseous and vomited this morning.” He explained.
“Ah but that’s normal.”
“What?” He frowned in confusion.
“Congratulations Mr. Taehyung you’re pregnant.” The dr grinned.
They both gasped, Taehyung covered his gapping mouth with his hand in horror, his eyes wide in disbelief. “B-but how! I can’t, I took the contraceptive pills!” Jimin sat there mute, watching him with wide eyes.
The doctor furrowed his eyebrows, “Are you sure you took them correctly?”
“Yes! Yes! I only had one heat.. and after it ended I took the pills just like what was written on them. There must be a mistake in your tests.” Taehyung shook in panic.
He tapped on the patient chart in his hands, “I’m sure there’s nothing wrong with the tests.. hmm did you take them right after it ended? If they’re delayed for even a day or two their efficacy decreases you know. They must be taken during or right after the heat.”
“No no this can’t be..” Taehyung gripped his head in both hands, his breathing rapidly increasing “I-I-I took them 3 days later. B-but they should-“ he choked on a sob, “They should work! Why the fuck didn’t they work!” He burst into sobs “I can’t get pregnant I can’t!” 
Jimin snapped out of his shock and gathered him into his arms. “Shh Taehyung calm down.” He rubbed his back as he cried into his chest.The doctor looked at him in pity, shaking his head.
“Jimin what am I gonna do?!” He cried in despair.
Suddenly the door burst open, “Taehyung! Are you okay? Sorry I’m late the traffic was- Taehyung?!!” A panting Seokjin came in, his eyes widening in alarm when he saw the omega’s red tear stained face. His pheromones spiked as he marched inside, taking him into his arms gently. “What happened? Why are you crying?” Taehyung clung to him and didn’t say anything.
“Jimin? You said he was fine did you lie to me?!” He clenched his teeth, his tone coming harsher than he intended, but he only had the crying omega on his mind.
“I didn’t!! He’s fine just.. I’ll let you two talk.” He exhaled, frowning as he left, the silent doctor also leaving with him after telling them to ‘have a good day.’
“Can you tell me what’s wrong please? I’m freaking out here Tae.” He held his shoulders, pulled him back slightly to look at his tearful eyes. He gripped his shirt tightly.
“Seokjin.. I-I” he took a shaky breath, “I’m pregnant.” More tears poured out of his eyes “I’m so sorry! I took the pills but after w-what it happened it was too late and the doctor said they don’t have an effect and-“ 
“Taehyung! Slow down.. you’re.. pregnant?” He looked at him, shock written all over his face. He nodded pushing his face into his chest. Seokjin’s heart stuttered, surprise mixed with fear coursing through him. 
“I don’t know what to do! I-I can’t do this.” He sobbed.
“Taehyung.. listen,” he took a deep breath, trying to manage his swirling thoughts and focus “let’s just go home and talk about this.. we’ll think about it and find the best solution ok?” Seokjin’s heart squeezed on itself, he nodded and Jin went to get the doctor to confirm that they will leave.
“Ah I was going to prescribe him some drugs for the morning sickness.. ” The doctor told them, “Yes please.” Jin nodded and he gave them the prescription and sent them off, whispering to Seokjin to do more checkups if they decide to keep it, which made a chill run down his spine.
 
The car ride was silent, Seokjin’s face was contorted on a frown as his mind was troubled with thoughts and possibilities. Was he ready to be a dad? And more importantly was Taehyung ready? He went through a lot and when he was finally ready to let go and live his life he found yet another obstacle. He knew the answer was no but could they adjust themselves to that or... would they.. he shivered again. The thought of getting rid of the baby hurt him, ‘At the end this is Taehyung’s decision. He’s the one who’ll make the choice..’ he thought. 
Taehyung picked at his nails nervously, Seokjin hasn’t said a thing and he didn’t know what to think. The air was tense and charged and it clogged his breath. Was Seokjin mad at him? Was he preparing himself to break up with him and tell him he doesn’t want anything to do with him now? After all he was only a 24 year old young alpha.. why would he settle down now? And with someone like him.. he thought bitterly. 
‘No one wants me.. I’ll be alone all over again.’ His breathing increased, “You’re a worthless piece of shit, you ruin the lives of everyone! You will always be just a weak omega, you don’t even have heats yet!! What is your use? Why are you even alive?” The memory of his uncle’s voice rang through his head.“No no.” He whimpered. “I’m not worthless..” the phantom of his uncle uncle laughed, “YOU ARE!! That’s why you will forever be alone.. no one will love you.. no one will want you..no one-“ 
“TAEHYUNG!” Seokjin’s yell made him snap out of his thoughts, fearful eyes  stared into his tear filled ones. “You’re hurting yourself..” He followed Seokjin’s gaze to his hands that were held by him, the fingernail he was fiddling with was bleeding, he had pulled at a scab too hard and detached the skin. He gasped, he didn’t notice this at all and now that he saw it, it stung a bit. 
“I-I..” he stuttered, Seokjin looked at him in worry, he wiped the tears on his cheeks and patted his head trying to calm him. “Let’s go home.” Taehyung noticed they had already arrived.
 
After entering the house, Seokjin immediately sat down with him and cleaned the blood from his hand, patting it gently with an alcohol swab and then wrapping a bandaid around it. He gave him the pills the doctor prescribed and removed the bandaid from his head to look at the bump, he clicked his tongue at the bluish bruise, frowning then spread the cream over it. The doctor told them to use it 3 times daily over the bump and that it was just a minor concussion, Seokjin busied himself with fussing over Taehyung, not saying anything yet because he was nervous.
The soothing cold cream on his head was calming for Taehyung who couldn’t take the silence anymore. “Seokjin..” he whispered lowly, “do you hate me?” Trepidation filled his voice.
Seokjin froze at messaging the cream, his eyes widening. “What? No. Taehyung why would you say that?” 
“Well I don’t know what to think! You’ve been ignoring me the whole time since you knew and I want to get this over with. I know it’s my fault so I understand if you l-leave me.”
“I was just thinking..” he sighed “Listen Taehyung I will never hate you or leave you.. it was an accident and we’re both responsible. It’s no one’s fault. Just.. think about it and I’ll support whatever decision you make, it’s your choice.” He took his hand, squeezing it.
“I don’t know!! I want someone to tell me what to do I don’t know my choice.” He cried, “I’m not ready to be a dad.. I don’t know anything about it.” 
Seokjin heart squeezed, “Do you want an abortion?” He whispered.
Taehyung burst into tears “No I can’t do this... I can’t kill my pup, I can’t!”
Seokjin hugged him tightly, his eyes watering too but he had to be strong and comfort him. “Shh we’ll figure it out.”“I-I don’t want to a-abandon him like what happened to me.. I can’t put an innocent pup through this.” His fears came out in between sobs. “What do I do?”
“Then let’s do this. Together, Taehyung.. if you’re willing to take this challenge with me.. we can do this.” He held his shoulders, looking intently into his eyes.
“Y-you want to keep him?” Taehyung looked at him in astonishment. Seokjin nodded slowly, gravely “If you’re willing. I told you it’s your choice. We never talked about if we want kids in the future.. but I’ve always wanted them. And Taehyung..” he looked at him, eyes gentle and filled with emotion “I love you..” his heart thumped at the confession, “I’m in love with you and I want to have a family with you.. it came sooner than we both wanted but..” Seokjin looked at him with determination, his eyes pleading.
His heart was soaring in his chest, Seokjin loved him. Seokjin wanted him, wanted to have a family with him..
“Seokjin I love you too, I-I’ve known for a while now.. and starting a family..” he gulped, “I’m willing to do this with you.” He whispered, his shaking hand coming to rest on his stomach gently. He still couldn’t believe.
“Are you sure? Shall we do this?” Seokjin held his cheeks, looking into his eyes intensely, searching. Taehyung nodded slowly, “Yes.. I’m sure. I don’t want to get rid of him Seokjin.. like you said it’s too soon and it came out of nowhere but.. he’s still mine. Ours.” He whispered a tiny watery smile coming on his lips. Seokjin descended, kissing him softly. “Yes. He’s ours. We’re going to be the most loving family for this pup. We’ll be happy Taehyung.” He nuzzled his nose into his scent gland.
“Now that I’m concentrating your scent is changing slightly..” his mouth opened in amazement. “Is it bad?” Taehyung hugged him, moving his head slightly to give him more space to scent his neck. “No.. it’s beautiful. It’s like vanilla and orchid, it’s enchanting.” He took a deep inhale. 
“Taehyung, if we were mates I would’ve noticed this sooner.. I would’ve known you’re carrying my pup and felt it.” His fingers ran over his stomach in wonder, there was a tiny pup really growing there.
“Seokjin.. you’re the most wonderful person I know.” He caressed his cheek. “I’m in love with you and we’re having a family so.. won’t you mate me? I want our connection to be stronger, I want us to feel whatever the other is feeling.” He took his hand and led it to his heart. “My heart has never beat like this for anyone else, and I don’t think it ever will. Can you feel it? Can you feel me?”
Seokjin looked at him love and adoration coursing through him, his thumping heart beneath his fingers and he was sure this was the person he wanted as his mate. This loving and beautiful soul.
He kissed him, slow and gentle and intense, conveying all his feelings into the kiss. His lips caressing his screamed I love you. I want you. I will spend the rest of my life with you. Taehyung’s eyes teared up as they kissed, he felt it all deeply. He sobbed softly and kissed him back just as passionately.
Seokjin transferred them to the bed, gently setting him down on it. His hand held the hem of his shirt and raised it, baring his flat stomach. Seokjin caressed it softly, closing his eyes and giving it a tender kiss. Taehyung whimpered as warmth spread through him. Seokjin removed every article of clothing slowly one by one, his lips replacing them, he kissed every inch of exposed skin. Taehyung moaned softly as he worshiped his body with his mouth, giving him his all.
After getting him naked, he removed his own clothes, diving into Taehyung’s open embrace and claiming his lips again. Their cocks slid against each other and their moans filled the air as they began slowly grinding. Their tongues danced passionately, Seokjin running his hands over his body. He broke the kiss and went down to his neck, tongue grazing the delicate skin above his scent gland, kissing it and sucking gently.
“I want to be your mate..” He whispered huskily, desire and affection swimming in his pools. “Yes.” Taehyung smiled up at him, panting heavily as his fingers surrounded his face, holding him up for a soft kiss. “I want you to mate me while you’re inside of me.. I want to feel you everywhere. Make love to me.” He whispered against his lips, his legs open and welcoming as Seokjin’s hard cock probed the wet entrance. 
He slid into him slowly, letting his body take all of him, Taehyung’s mouth opened on a silent moan, hugging him impossibly close, their chests pressing against each other so that no space exists. 
Seokjin licked the scent gland and opened his mouth, biting hard on it, Taehyung screamed at the sharp pain that followed but it slowly got replaced with a euphoric feeling, he felt like their souls came out and connected as one and the same. Seokjin’s feelings got mixed with his own, feelings of desire, affection, deep intimacy and devotion filled him and he felt like he could fly to the moon. 
“I-I can feel you.. I can feel you.” The connection brought tears to his eyes, he belonged to someone now and someone belonged to him. He’s no longer alone and he would never be. ‘You’re wrong uncle.’A sob escaped his lips as Seokjin slowly thrusted into him, pounding with all the passion he has for his lover. 
Slowly, tenderly he reached with his own mouth to Seokjin’s scent gland and bit down just as Seokjin did, leaving his own imprint. He moaned and his body shook against him, his thrusts getting more desperate as he felt Taehyung’s emotions surge through him. 
They soothed the bites with their tongues, their mouthes reaching for each other as one, kissing deeply, desperation driving them like starving men, their tastes merging just like their souls. Seokjin took both his hands and linked their fingers, pining him against the bed as he kissed him and pounded into him faster. He moaned into his mouth, Seokjin drinking in all the whimpers, the sounds of their skin slapping against each other and their smells merging edging them on.
Seokjin’s lips grazed his cheeks, leaving tiny kisses as he reached his ear and whispered into them how he loves him and how he will never leave him, soothing all the insecurities he was feeling that also reached him through their link. Taehyung shivered as the whispers touched him, he told him to forget the past and its hurt, he told him that he will replace all the pain with happiness and love. Tears slipped down his cheeks as he smiled.
The intense sensations and all the emotions combined with Jin’s slow but well aimed hard thrusts were unbearable for Taehyung. The heat in his stomach was building up, so close to bursting. Seokjin’s hand reached in between them and pumped his hard cock. His breathy moans and cries filled the room as he timed his thrusts with his hand, Taehyung’s body jerking against the bed with each beat. 
“Let’s come together..” Seokjin grunted and Taehyung moaned loudly as he continued to hit his prostate and jerk him off, he sobbed as his orgasm hit him, feeling Jin’s warm seed fill him at the same time and their moans combined as their mouths found each other, kissing through their high.
Seokjin panted over his mouth, his eyes shinning with tears at the intensity of that moment. “I love you.” He kissed him, “I adore you.” Another kiss “My mate, my beautiful mate..” Taehyung smiled and kissed him, his heart pounding with Seokjin’s name, with Seokjin’s everything. “My mate, I love you with all my heart, forever.”
“Forever..” he whispered onto his lips as they held each other tightly, and lost themselves to the connection of their minds, bodies and souls.
 
—————-
 
*3 months later*
“Hey guys!” Seokjin and Taehyung greeted their friends, giving each one a hug as greetings flew around the large table. Jimin, Namjoon, Jungkook, Hoseok and Yoongi were sitting down and waiting for them, it was their tradition for sometime to meet during weekends and have dinner together.
“Finally! We were about to order without you.” Jimin smiled at him as he took a seat next to him, with Seokjin beside him.“Traitor!” Taehyung gasped jokingly, “we weren’t even that late.” 
“We were supposed to meet at 8:00, it’s 8:45 now.” Jungkook raised his eyebrow, pointing to his watch. 
“Sorry guys, we took more time with the doctor.” They smiled at each other softly, Seokjin taking his hand in his and squeezing it. “Let’s order?”
They all held up their menus, “Seokjin I want to eat dessert first.” He told him in a low voice as they were deciding together, Jin nodded and called the waiter, asking him for the dessert menu. Jimin and Jungkook who were close to them and noticed, looked at him quizzically. “What?” He asked them. “I guess the baby will turn out to have a sweet tooth, you’re always eating sweets at work too.” Jimin pinched his cheek. He shrugged with a flush and went back to leaning against Seokjin’s side, choosing his food with him. After all he was still going to eat after dessert.
They all gave their orders and chose their drinks, chatting as they waited for the food to arrive.
“So how’s your baby?” Hoseok grinned. “She’s fine hobi hyung.” Taehyung rubbed his small bump affectionately. They gasped “She? It’s a girl?” Jimin’s eyes widened, a large grin spreading on his face at Taehyung’s nods.
“Awww!” Coos and congrats spread around the table, Jimin hugged Taehyung next to him, “Taetae you’re gonna have the cutest daughter just like her papa.” He squeezed him in the embrace.
“Congratulations Seokjin! Man I never expected you to be the first one to settle down, remember his college days Joonie?” Yoongi smirked taking a sip of his soju. 
Namjoon chuckled, shaking his head “I know right?”
“Why what was hyung like?” Jungkook asked curiously.
“The campus heartbreaker!” “Partying everyday and getting to the dorm smashed. How did you manage to become a good lawyer after all?” Yoongi teased him, laughing at his glare.
“Wow hyung I thought you were always calm and collected as you are now.” Jungkook looked at him in surprise.“Don’t listen to them Jk, they want to tarnish my stellar reputation as a student.”
They snorted, reminding him of more situations and bickering amongst themselves. Hoseok also pitching in with some funny events at work.
Jimin looked at Taehyung, “Psst Taetae, why are you quiet? Are you ok?” He rubbed his back in worry, sensing his friend’s low spirits. “Yeah I’m fine.” he sighed. “It’s just.. the doctor told me that the baby is weak.. and that I have to stay on bed rest for sometime. So I have to leave work.” He clenched his fists, biting his lips as he tried to stop the tears from falling.
“Oh Tae..” Jimin frowned, taking his hand in his and rubbing it in comfort. “I know I have to make some sacrifices after choosing to keep her.. but I just- I can’t help it you know? I had finally found my place and now I have to give this up too.”
“Taetae.. it’ll be fine. Just take care of your health it’s the most important.” He patted his shoulder, eyebrows furrowed. “I know! How about you take some online courses about photography? It will benefit you and maybe you can become a real photographer after having her. You will have experience and a certificate by then.” 
Taehyung looked up at him hopefully, “You really think I could?” He smiled nodding his head “Of course! You’ll achieve your dream, it’ll also be better than doing nothing right?” Taehyung smiled back slowly, opening his arms and giving him a hug. “Thank you Minnie, you always know how to comfort me.”
“Aww just don’t pout again, although it’s cute I prefer your smile more.” He laughed as Taehyung gave him the widest boxy smile, stretching his mouth with both hands and acting silly.
“Huh? What are you two laughing about?” Jungkook asked them and the others all looked at them curiously.
“It’s soulmate talk, none of your business.” Jimin stuck his tongue at jungkook. “Whatever.” He rolled his eyes. 
He held Jin’s arm, wanting to be closer to him “Babe, you okay?” Seokjin whispered into his ear, wrapping his arm around him. “I am, don’t worry. Are you telling them your plans?” He smiled at him.
Seokjin kissed his forehead, nodding “Guys I have more news... I’ve decided to open my own law firm!” He exclaimed and they hooted loudly and clapped his back, congratulating him once again. 
“About time! You already were basically running the firm, minus the advantages of actually owning it.” Hoseok laughed. “Hoseok I need your help, you’re leaving with me right?” “Of course hyung, I got your back. I’m sick of working for that lazy ass.” 
“Hyung! You’ll let me be an intern there right?” Jungkook asked giddily, he laughed at the young alpha’s excitement “Of course kookie!”
Their food came and they all ate, chatting happily together and catching up about the week’s events. 
“Hey Yoongi..” Seokjin called to him when everyone else was engrossed at another topic, he was sitting on his left side and he leaned closer to him, giving him his attention. “Yes?”
“Are there any more leads over Hyunki?” He whispered, not wanting Taehyung to hear. With the news about the baby being weak and having to leave work, he knew it affected him, and that he was worried about the baby too so he had enough worries for today and he didn’t want to stress him more.
Yoongi’s face darkened, shaking his head “Nothing after last time’s sighting at that bar, he didn’t go there again and no one saw him.” He frowned, Seokjin’s grip tightened on his glass. He took a large sip of his soju to calm himself and nodded.
“We’ll keep looking Hyung. We will catch him. We’re asking everyone there and there’s bound to be new info. Nothing stays buried forever.” He patted his shoulder, “I know Yoongi.. just wondering for how long must we be worried about that bastard? I don’t want there to be any danger for my family.” 
“I know...”
 
——————
 
Taehyung stood over the kitchen counter, preparing brunch for them. Since he was still nauseous in the morning he usually skipped breakfast and Seokjin just ate something small before going to work everyday. It was the weekend and he was looking forward to spending time with his mate, Seokjin was busy everyday with work and the new firm and he felt lonely during the week, sure he had his courses and Jimin visited sometimes and he went out with him or their other friends but he missed Seokjin. 
Seokjin came out of the bedroom after finishing his shower, going straight behind him and wrapping his arms around him, hugging his frame. He kissed the side of his head, “How’s my baby?” His hand caressed his barely there baby bump gently. 
“She’s fine.” He replied, mixing the vegetables and the sauces and not paying him attention.
“Hmm.” He kissed the nape of his neck, ‘“and my other baby?”
“Now you care?” He huffed, still not looking at him.“I always care.” Seokjin turned his head, holding his cheek and looking into his eyes.
“Then why have I barely seen you and talked to you this whole week? You don’t even pick up your phone at work and you come home so late while I’m already asleep.” Taehyung pouted, pushing him away and getting back to making the food.
“Taehyungie you know I have just opened the new firm and it needs extra work. I’m still expanding it and right now it’s basically just me and Hobi working. All my previous clients plus new ones are coming and we’re struggling.”
“Whatever.” Taehyung put the vegetables and meat inside the pot and opened the flame, stirring them and letting them simmer.
“Baby don’t be mad at me.” Seokjin pressed small apology kisses to his neck and their mating mark over the scent gland “I’ll make it up to you.”
“Hmmm. We’ll see.” He replied nonchalantly, bringing another pan and cracking eggs in it to make egg rolls.
“Don’t be maadd!” He whined, pouting at him.Taehyung giggled “Fine only because you’re so cute.”“Only that?” He nuzzled the back of his neck, watching him turn the eggs on their other side. “Yes.”
“So you don’t love anything else about me?” Seokjin raised his eyebrows.“Nope.” He answered popping the ‘p’ with his mouth, looking at him in challenge.
“Ohh don’t lie in front of our baby Tae, she’ll learn it from you.” He teased pushing his forehead with his finger. Taehyung pushed his hand away, raising the spatula and aiming it at him “Stop being silly and let me finish the food or it’s going to get burnt.” 
“Okayy tiger cub, put your claws back in.” He laughed, hugging his waist again and resting his chin on his shoulder as he rolled the eggs in the pan.
“Hey babe..” Seokjin started, the teasing tone in his voice getting more serious.“Hmm?” Taehyung shut off the flames, the egg rolls were done.“What do you think about meeting my parents?”
 He gasped, turning around in his embrace and looking up at him “W-what?”
“Yeah.. I talked to my mom and she really wants to meet you. She was devastated when she knew I had a mate and a pup on the way too without her knowledge.” Seokjin rubbed the back of his head, “I actually told her about you since we became mates, but I kept telling her to wait to meet you, she’s getting more demanding lately though.” Seokjin explained, he wasn’t worried about his mom meeting Taehyung but he was worried about his dad, so he kept delaying  this meeting. His mom called him recently and told him that his dad was ready to meet them and that he was going to be courteous so he agreed.
“Oh.. well I don’t mind, I would love to meet them Jinnie. Our baby should also have her grandparents.” Taehyung rested his hands on his solid chest, smiling up at him. “Do you think they’ll like me though?” He chewed his bottom lip, suddenly feeling nervous.
Seokjin smiled, kissing him and soothing the bitten lip with his tongue. “Of course they will, who could resist you?” He pecked his lips again. “You had me wrapped around your finger from the first meeting.”
Taehyung giggled “Oh really?”“What it wasn’t obvious? You were the only one who made me feel that way..” he rubbed their noses together affectionately.
“Well it’s not so obvious anymore, you keep ignoring me while I sit home and pine away.” Taehyung pouted, hitting his chest and acting mad.
“Oh no no no I can’t have you feeling this way I need to show you exactly how much I love you.” Seokjin shut off the stove over the food and picked him up in one swift motion.Taehyung clung to his neck by reflex, surprised laughter bubbling out of him. “What are you doing!!” He squealed.
“I missed you, I don’t want to eat food now I want you.” Seokjin claimed his lips, stilling his laughter and making his heart beat wildly in his chest at the passionate kiss.
“I missed you too.” Taehyung whispered against his lips, his fingers messaging his hair as he returned the needy kisses with his own. Seokjin took him to the bedroom, making love to him on the bed as the food was left forgotten for some more time on the oven.
 
——————
 
Taehyung stared at his reflection, nervously adjusting his clothes again. “Seokjin, are you sure this is good enough? Do I look appropriate?” He was wearing white pants and a white shirt tucked inside it, a soft sky blue chic cardigan and a white thin belt holding the pants completed the look. His hair was parted at the side and was slightly curled with the bangs falling on his forehead.
Seokjin kissed his cheek “Yes, you look beautiful.” He was wearing a camel sweater that Taehyung bought for him sometime ago. It made him happy to see him wearing his gift and he smiled at him softly.
He was still nervous about the visit but Seokjin talked to him about his work and various things that distracted him on the way. When they arrived, the nerves set in again after seeing the large mansion. It had it’s own gate and they let them in after seeing Seokjin, Taehyung was blown away by the large expanse of greens, trees and flowers of all kinds filling the gardens beautifully. The mansion itself was slightly traditional style, soft beige in color and standing tall and proud. 
He parked the car in front of it and opened the door for him, squeezing his hand in reassurance. Seokjin touched his cheek softly “Don’t be nervous, just be yourself and it’ll be fine.” He nodded at him, taking a deep breath to still the butterflies fluttering around his stomach.
A butler wearing a white waistcoat and black dress pants opened the door for them, bowing low as they went inside.  “Welcome back sir.”
“Seokjin is fine Shihyuk-ssi, you’ve been here since I was little.” Seokjin chuckled.
“Yes Seokjin ssi, it’s nice to see you again.” He gave them a warm smile.
“You too Shihyuk-ssi. This is Taehyung, my mate.” He wrapped his arm around his waist, grinning proudly as he introduced him.
Taehyung shook his hand. “Oh congratulations Taehyung-ssi, and Seokjin-ssi on your mating and the pup.” They smiled in thanks, he bowed and gestured for them to follow him. Taehyung watched the large hall in awe, a glittering large crystal chandelier was dangling from the ceiling, and the furnishings and decor all looked stylish and perfectly suited to the vibe of the mansion. 
They passed a large staircase and went inside the living room, Seokjin still had his arm around him, he led him to the plush sofa and they sat down. “I will inform Mr and Mrs Kim of your arrival and dinner will be served shortly.” He bowed and left them.
“Seokjin this place is huge.. did you grow up here?” Taehyung asked, still looking around at all the details while leaning on Seokjin’s side. Staying close to his mate helped him feel calmer.“Yes I did. It’s big and very lonely.” He sighed. Taehyung looked at him in understanding, ‘yeah it would be lonely’ he thought about Seokjin’s big but comparatively smaller apartment. ‘This is why he chose a cozy place..’
“Seokjinnie!” A beautiful woman who looked a lot like Seokjin, wearing a peach dress reaching below her knees, heels clicking as she came towards them. Her arms were extended as she walked quickly but gracefully towards them. Seokjin got up and hugged her tightly as she laughed in delight. “My son, you keep getting more and more handsome every time I see you. How are you?” She held his cheeks, her eyes glittering as she looked up at him, warmth and affection radiating from her. 
Seokjin laughed, “Look at you mother, you stopped aging after 20.” He kissed her cheek. She giggled “Oh stop it Seokjin.”“You’ll make me age quickly, do I have to beg you every time to come see your poor mother?” Her smile turned sad.
“I’m sorry mom, you know how it is with father.. you can come visit us if you want though.” Seokjin smiled reassuringly at her, taking Taehyung’s hand and bringing him closer.“Oh! Is this him?” She smiled at Taehyung and he bowed to her “Hello mrs Kim, my name is Kim Taehyung. Pleasure to meet you.” He said confidently, feeling calmer when he saw how warm she was.
“Aww the pleasure is all mine, I’m so happy to finally meet my son’s mate.” She took his hand and patted it “Seokjin he’s so beautiful!” She gasped. “Your pups will be so cutee!! Taehyungie, can I call you that?, Seokjinnie told me you are pregnant. Oh I can’t wait to be a grandma! Sit sit and tell me everything.” She exclaimed, her excitement making him blink in surprise. He didn’t expect Jin’s mother to be so nice, it made his heart warm. Maybe this visit won’t be as bad as he thought.
They sat down, Jin’s mom holding his hands as she sat next to him. “So how far along are you? Do you know how many? Do you know the gender yet? Oh we need to buy clothes! Did you prepare a room for them?”Seokjin chuckled, amused at her. “Slow down mom, you’ll scare him.” 
“Shush Seokjin I’m still mad at you, how could you wait all this time to introduce me?” She pouted. Taehyung giggled softly “I’ll tell you everything mrs Kim don’t worry.” “Oh no call me mom! We’re a family now right?” She squeezed his hands, giving him a warm smile. He nodded shyly “Yes m-mom.” The word felt foreign on his tongue and his heart ached as he remembered his own mother, how would she feel if she was with him now, would she be as happy as Jin’s mom? 
He swallowed the knot in his throat and answered her. “I’m in the 16th week. We’re having a girl.” She cooed at that and he smiled at her. 
“Seokjin’s apartment has an empty guest room so we decided to turn it into a baby’s room and use it. You can come help me with the decorations if you want, and buying clothes.” He offered to her and watched her brush a tear off that slid her face. “Thank you, dear. I would love that.”
“Mom don’t get emotional now. I told you, you’re welcome to us anytime.” Seokjin patted her hand.
“I know Seokjinnie. It’s just.. your father is..” she sighed, looking down in misery. “But I won’t let him stop me this time. It’s my grand baby, I have to be involved.” She clenched her hands on her dress, determined.
Suddenly a tall man with a permanent frown on his face entered, his hair was grey and swiped back, his face cold and stoney, lacking the softness and gentleness Seokjin and his mother had. The all stood up as they saw him and bowed, “Hello father.” Seokjin greeted quietly.
Mr Kim grunted, barely acknowledging them as his eyes fell on Taehyung. He shivered as the cold gaze pierced him, seemingly seeing through him and judging without even knowing anything about him. He unconsciously moved closer to Seokjin, who took his hand in reassurance.
“Let’s eat dinner.” Mr Kim’s rough voice came to them and the three of them followed him to the dining room in a hush, the air was very different than just a minute ago. It was like he brought the coldness with him.
 
The sat down and the food was served to them, they waited until Mr Kim began eating then they ate silently. Taehyung took small bites, the nerves making him lose his appetite. The silence was almost deafening when he broke it “So what is his name?” 
He mustered his courage and spoke up “Hello sir, my name is Kim Taehyung.”
“I didn’t ask you.” Mr Kim replied coldly.
“Father, please.” 
Mr Kim took a deep breath, “What do your parents do?”
“I don’t have any parents..” he swallowed thickly “My mom died when I was fourteen, my uncle raised me.”
“Your dad isn’t in the picture?”He shook his head “I am an orphan, my mom took me in before she died.”
“Hmm.” Mr Kim thinned his lip. “Did you get a degree?”
“No sir.” He looked down, Mr Kim cut another part of his steak and swallowed it.“Do you work then?”
He looked at him, nodding “Yes, sir. I was an assistant photographer, I had to stop though.”
He scoffed “Makes sense.” He muttered in distaste. “Are you still living at that lowly apartment, Seokjin?”
Seokjin sighed “Yes, any problems with it?”“Well it’s certainly not a place to raise your children.”
“I will be the one deciding whether it’s suitable or not.”
“You’re a fool, if you were working with me at the company you could have your own mansion by now, yet you’re busy playing lawyer, what a disappointment.” His voice was dripping with disdain.
“I’m not playing anything, I have my own law firm now.” Seokjin bit back.
“It’s pathetic, you’re wasting your time on cases when you could be making real money, and having a position in society instead of being a lowlife.”
Taehyung couldn’t stop himself from replying “That’s not true! Seokjin is a very good lawyer and his firm is very sought after, he makes good mon-“
“I wasn’t talking to you!” Mr Kim barked making him jump in his seat. His breathing increased as he tried to calm his rapidly beating heart, he fidgeted with his fingers nervously as he fell silent.
“I’d appreciate it if you don’t shout at my mate, father.” Seokjin frowned.
“Well your mate should know his place and not speak except when spoken to.” His father snorted “Who even is he? ”
“I told you he’s my mate. And he’s carrying my child.”
“He’s just a random omega! Kim Seokjin, my son, mated with a random omega. Instead of choosing someone of the same status as us you went ahead and mated him without even taking our consent.” He laughed bitterly. “I’m onto you and your type, coming out of nowhere and seducing my son to mate you.” He flinched at the harch tone directed at him.
“Enough father! He didn’t trap me in anything, I love him and I chose him. Are you going to accept us or not??” Seokjin clenched his jaw, reigning in his anger with difficulty.
“Love?” He cackled mockingly “You’re an alpha, yet you’re so weak and soft like a pathetic omega.” 
“Why are you here huh? Did this gold digger convince you to come and get in my good graces?” He looked at Taehyung, the scorn in his eyes hitting him like knives. 
“You are just a useless nobody, a lowlife omega. I’m not falling for your schemes like my idiotic son!” Taehyung’s breath caught in his throat, the familiar words hitting him. He heard their shouts but it was distant as his breathing quickened and he saw Mr. Kim’s face shifting until he transformed to his uncle’s scornful face, shouting insults with disgust. 
“I’m not useless..” he whispered, “I’m n-not.” A loud ringing hit his ears and all the voices mixed in his head, repeating ‘useless, nobody, pathetic, unwanted-‘
“-aehyung, Taehyung!” Seokjin’s voice broke him out of his trance, he was gritting his teeth almost painfully, shaking in his seat. Seokjin took his hands, standing up and he winced at the sting realizing his nails broke the skin of his clenched fists.
“We’re leaving, goodbye mother.” Seokjin said tightly, leading him away with him. He barely registered Mrs Kim’s hurt face and the tears streaming down her face as he followed him in a blur.
“Good! And never come back with this lowlife!” His father shouted after them.
They rode the car, quickly driving off, Seokjin taking loud breathes to calm himself down, his hands clenching and unclenching over the steering wheel. “Taehyung are you okay?” He asked, glancing at him worriedly.
Taehyung nodded “Yeah.”
“You looked pretty tense in there.”
“N-no I’m fine. I was just shocked.” He cradled his stinging hands.
“I’m sorry about that.. I should’ve never brought you there, should’ve known he would never change!” Seokjin cursed at his father, still angry at his words.
Taehyung tried to still his shaking frame, but Seokjin was too angry to notice. “It’s okay Seokjin, let’s forget about him.” He whispered as his words kept ringing inside his head.
 
—————-
 
“Jimin I’m telling you he doesn’t care about me anymore, he even forgot to buy me the ice cream I was craving yesterday!” Taehyung pouted, stuffing his face with more of the ice cream he asked Jimin to bring with him. He thought that by opening his own law firm, Jin would be more free and will spend more time with him, but he was gravely mistaken because his work took over his life and as the days passed by, he became more and more absent.
“Of course not Taetae, he cares he’s just busy. It’s not easy running a law firm and you know Jin hyung loves his work.” Jimin comforted, as he watched his friend eat aggressively.
“‘Loves his work’ he’s a workaholic!”
“Maybe.. but he loves you more Tae, didn’t he come rushing and left the court just for you that time when you were in pain?” Jimin pointed out.
“Don’t make excuses for him, you’re supposed to be on my side.” He whined. “I don’t even see him except late at night, and sometimes he works at the weekends, they’re supposed to be my days.” He huffed in irritation.
“I just.. I miss him Jimin.” He said softly, looking down glumly. “I feel so alone.”
“Aww what about me Taetae? I come visit you all the time how could you say that!” Jimin moved closer to him, hugging him into his arms and making him lean on his chest. “Let’s go out tomorrow, you and me. Who needs mates anyway.” He said as he caressed his soft hair.
Taehyung snorted “Me. I want to kiss him and I want to have sex, I just want to run my tongue all over his chest as I ride him so good that-”
“What the hell you horny ass!” Jimin laughed hitting his shoulder lightly.
“It’s the hormones okay?” He whined, “Plus we haven’t had sex in a while. He couldn’t keep his hands off of me and now he barely kisses me.”
He got up from his embrace “Jimin be honest, am I not sexy anymore?”
Jimin looked at his friend, curly hair ruffled and falling over his face, wearing an oversized pale pink pajama set with small brown bears strewn over it, his lips upturned in a pout. He giggled “Oh Taetae you’re so cute.”
“I don’t want to be cute, I want to be sexy! Jimin be serious and help me in this dilemma!” He shook his shoulders, “My mate is distant what do I do!”
“Okay okay stop shaking me.” He removed his hands, holding them still as he pursed his lip in deep thought. “Listen ask him out on a date. Tell him you both need to relax and spend time together and to give you a day, I’m sure he’ll agree. Afterwards wear your sexiest lingerie and have your way with him.” Jimin wiggled his eyebrows at him.
“I want cuddles too.” He pouted.“Yeah tell him that too.”
“Okay I’ll try..” he sighed. He was talking with Jimin lightly but in reality he was really affected by the matter, the feeling of being abandoned cut deeply through him. In the back of his mind he knew Seokjin didn’t mean it, he knew he probably loved him, but the voices telling him that he was unloved and unwanted overpowered them.
 
—————-
 
Taehyung has been sitting on the couch for almost 4 hours, wearing one of his best outfits, his hair straightened and make up done, his lips were painted with the strawberry lipstick that Jin liked but it was all gone now from how much he nibbled and bit on them. ‘It was all for nothing..’
His eyes were focused on the Tv in front of him but his mind was somewhere else. Seokjin had promised to give this day to him, and for a while it was nice, they had breakfast together and cuddled, choosing a place for their date, it was all great and Taehyung felt like things were finally going to be good. Till his phone rang. The damned phone. 
 
“Sorry Taehyungie, something very important came up. But I won’t take long, I’ll be here for our date okay?”
Taehyung’s face fell, and he noticed that so he said “I promise I will be here on time baby.” He kissed his cheek, caressing his face with his thumb.
Taehyung nodded and he smiled at him, telling his caller that he would be right there and leaving promptly.
 
Taehyung wasn’t sad, he was just disappointed. It was the first time Seokjin had broken a promise after all. His heart clenched tightly. ‘That was a lie.’ He was sad, tired, and angry. So very angry. He bit his bruised lip hard. It was 11 pm now, no chance to go on that date. ‘Hah..’
 
The sound of the key clicking and the door opening came soon. Seokjin padded inside, running a hand through his hair, stopping when he saw Taehyung sitting on the couch, all made up.
“Hey..”“You’re finally here.” Taehyung answered monotonously, still looking at the Tv screen, an emotional scene was playing in the movie where the hero saved his lover and they were kissing tearfully.
“Sorry Tae it took longer than expected.” Seokjin sighed loudly.
“Yeah right as always, work comes first and I come second.”
“This again-“
“Yes this again!! Am I even important to you? Does my feelings even matter?” Taehyung looked at him, eyes shining with unshed tears.
“Of course you are-“
“Then fucking act like it!! It’s always work and clients and their constant calls!” He spat bitterly.
Seokjin clenched his teeth, irritation seeping through him “And why do I work? Isn’t it for you and our child?? To be able to take care of you and  give you a comfortable life?!”
“Take care of me?” He laughed loudly, “By leaving me alone all the time? You call this taking care of me? What about my needs?? I need my mate to be beside me, to help me, to reassure me and love me! Isn’t it my right?”
“Think about my feelings too Taehyung! You think I like being away from you all the time? I’m also stressed and tired of it!” Seokjin’s nose flared.“Well clearly it doesn’t bother you as much.”
“What do you want me to do?! Quit working and stay home all day just whining and doing nothing like you then? Sorry I can’t do that.” He rolled his eyes.
Taehyung looked at him, hurt and pain coursing through him “At least I know how you feel now.. so I’m just a whiny bitch for you right?” He clenched his fists on his pants, forming creases in the perfectly straitened material.
“Taehyung I’m just saying don’t be selfish-“ 
“Selfish? For asking for a day, just one fucking day, for myself? To spend time with my mate?” Taehyung shook his head, getting up from the couch. “I’m so sorry alpha, I won’t do that again.” He said right in front of Seokjin, bypassing him towards the door.
He quickly took his coat from the coat hanger and put on his shoes with shaking hands “Where are you going?” Seokjin glowered.
“To Jimin’s, I need to get away for sometime. Although it doesn’t make much of a difference anyway you’re barely home.” He gave a hollow chuckle.
He frowned in disapproval “Taehyung it’s late, just calm down and we’ll talk.”
“No I don’t want to take any more of your precious time, that’s selfish.”
“Taehyung-” he held his arm but Taehyung swung it off, “Don’t touch me!” he screamed “Go back to your fucking work and leave me alone, just as you always do!”
He stormed outside slamming the door behind him as a sob caught in his throat, he held the coat tighter against his frame and walked quickly down the dark street, Seokjin’s words slicing at his heart. 
The sobs he’d been holding wracked his body, cries escaping his lips and the tears fell down his cheeks endlessly. ‘He didn’t even try to come after me.’ He cried harder as he felt like his life was crumbling down. It hurt, it hurt too much and it was like a dam has been broken.
Through his blurry vision he didn’t notice the black car pulling up right next to him. 
“Caught you bitch.” He gasped as his nostrils were suddenly attacked by a pungent smelling cloth. He didn’t even have the time to react, black spots filled his vision and the last thing he thought about before surrendering to unconsciousness was ‘My baby..’



Chapter End Notes
Hi lovelies <3 you were right about taetae of course hehe.I’m a bit late but this was the hardest chapter I have written till now, so many things happened right? What do you think? 
Ahh I really hope you like it! And tell me your thoughts, and if there’s any questions you have till now.. I love hearing from you so much, Your comments are my fuel <3<3 thank you so much for reading and giving me a chance ily :*


Chapter 10
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




TW: violence and kidnapping__________________________ “Fucking hell!” Jin cursed as he watched him storm outside, slamming the door behind him. He ran a hand down his face taking deep breaths.Maybe he was overworking a little but what Taehyung didn’t know was that he actually wasn’t at work today, he was with yoongi at the police station. More information surfaced on his uncle and he was hanging out with someone else. They were questioning the people who saw them and trying to collect clues that could lead them to their place. Seokjin didn’t want Taehyung to stress about these information, he’d been keeping all news of his uncle away, not wanting to upset him.‘I should’ve just told him..’ he ran a hand through his hair in frustration. He was upset at himself, he said some things he didn’t mean and he couldn’t forget the utter heartbreak he saw in Taehyung’s eyes. He felt a pang in his heart, he was the one responsible for this.‘What have I done..’ He clenched his fists, berating himself. He promised to always be there for him and to keep him happy, but there he was losing himself to his work, he wondered when did he stray so much from what was really important.He paced the room nervously, thinking about what to do. He supposed maybe some time at Jimin’s would be good for him to calm down and decided to just go take him tomorrow and apologize properly.He got his phone and texted Jimin, he lived close to them so Taehyung has probably reached him already.Me : Jimin is Taehyung with you?A few minutes passed but he didn’t reply. ‘Maybe they’re still talking..’ he sent another text and waited for a few more minutes, but Jimin still didn’t reply.‘Is he ignoring me? Probably mad at me too.’ His lips thinned. He pressed on call, he just wanted to check that his mate was fine, he was already guilty enough to be the cause of his distress.Jimin answered on the fourth ring, his groggy voice coming on “Hello?”“Jimin hey..”“Jin hyung? Why are you calling me so late?”“You know why, is Taehyung ok? I know you’re mad at me but I just want to check on him.““Huh? Why would I be mad at you.. and isn’t Taehyung with you? How would I know.”Seokjin’s heart caught in his throat, panic spreading through his body like wildfire.“Jimin Taehyung was on his way to you!” He sprang to his feet in alarm, almost 15 minutes had passed which was ample time for Taehyung to have reached him.“He didn’t come hyung, I was sleeping.”“Shit shit shit.” he put on his shoes hastily, throwing open the door and going to his car. “Then where the fuck did he go!!”“Hyung did you try calling him? Maybe ask our other friends.. I don’t understand.” Jimin’s voice was laced in confusion.“He left his phone at home! We had a fight and he said he was going to you.” He started the car “I’m gonna look for him.”“Shit okay hyung, how long ago was that?”“About 15 minutes ago.” He drove around the neighborhood, looking for anything but it was completely empty.“He should’ve been here already...” Jimin whispered. He swallowed the lump in his throat. He couldn’t find him anywhere.“Yeah. I gotta go.” With shaking hands he ended the call and called Yoongi, his heart almost beating out of his rib cage. His body trembled as he feared that what he was most afraid of happened.“Yoongi, help me. They took him, I’m sure of it.” ————— Taehyung’s head was throbbing, his eyes felt like lead and he couldn’t open them no matter how hard he tried, he wanted to surrender to sleep once more but something on the back of his mind was nagging at him, telling him to wake up.Suddenly, cold water was splashed over his face making Taehyung gasp, waking him up in panic. Loud laughter flew around him as he took deep breathes, shaking as he tried to make sense of where he was and what happened. He blinked up at them, looking around the unfamiliar place through his blurred vision. He couldn’t move his hands and he quickly realized they were tied. “W-what-““Aw poor omega, look how scared he is.” He chortled in amusement.With difficulty he opened his eyes gasping when he saw the unfamiliar space, the memories of what happened rushed through his mind. ‘I was kidnapped?!’ He got up quickly, wincing as he felt his hand being pulled back, the rough ropes burning at his skin.“Who are you? Where am I?” He shivered from the cold, the water seeping through his clothes.“You don’t remember me Taehyungie? I’m hurt I thought we were best friends.”He frowned at the smirking man, he looked somewhat familiar but Taehyung couldn’t pinpoint where he saw him before.“Are you still a mama’s boy like you were before?” He put his hand over his mouth “Oops forgot she died.”Taehyung’s eyes widened as recognition filled him “H-Henjung..” he whispered as memories of that day assaulted him. His heart pounded as his fists clenched tightly in anger and fear.“Don’t growl at me omega.” He put his hand under his chin, raising his head as Taehyung glared at him.“What do you want from me? Haven’t you done enough?? You took everything away from me.”Henjung laughed hysterically, then grabbed his jaw in a bruising hold “Me?? I took everything? What about what you did, you got my father thrown in prison. I lived for years in hiding and fear after being one of the most feared mafia families. You ruined my fucking life and you have the gall to say that?!” He spat out at him, his fingers digging sharply into his face making him wince.“It’s your turn now to get everything taken away from you, to live on the streets like the pathetic bitch you are! I’ll show you your worth.” He slapped him, the hit making his cheek throb and heat up with pain. His eyes teared up but he refused to show any weakness.“Now now Henjung I told you to control yourself. We’re going to make him suffer in time.” Suddenly another person came into the room, chuckling. Taehyung froze, he knew this sinister voice that made his stomach coil in fear.“Dearest Taehyung, did you miss me? You were so naughty the last time we saw each other, be good this time okay?” His uncle came and patted his head. He couldn’t stop the whimper that escaped his lips, cold needles spreading over his body.“You know each other?”“You always were the curious one, don’t you know curiosity kills the cat?” His uncle laughed, “but I will tell you. I met Henjung here by coincidence. Because of your damned boyfriend I couldn’t return to my house, and I had to go into hiding. He ruined my fucking nose, look! It’s crooked isn’t it?” He pointed at his ugly nose that became even uglier.“But no matter I will have my revenge. Anyways long story short I met Henjung, he was forming a mafia and when he heard my story, we were both surprised that the same person was responsible for making our lives hell.” He smiled, “So we decided to get our revenge together! Isn’t it nice?”“What are you going to do to me..” he whispered in apprehension, he was worried about his innocent baby. ‘Please don’t hurt her, they can do anything they want with me but not my baby.’ He bit his lips to stop himself from begging them, he had to show no weakness.“Well now that you’re awake-““Bitch sleeps like the dead I had to wake him up with water.” Henjung snorted cutting off his uncle.“-yes, he was always difficult.” He rolled his eyes. “Now, we can begin with our plan!” He clapped not elaborating on what he was going to do which made him more nervous. “Did you get Kim Seokjin’s number?”Henjung nodded and brought his phone “Let me talk to him.” His uncle said, taking the phone.“Hello?” Seokjin’s voice came through the phone speaker, picking up almost immediately.“Kim Seokjin?”“Yes.”“I’m Hyunki, Taehyung’s uncle, he’s with me now.”“HOW FUCKING DARE YOU?! I WILL MAKE YOU PAY-“ his loud yell was cut off by their laughter.“Don’t you think you aren’t in the position to shout now? We have your pregnant mate, the things we could do to him are endless.” Hyunki said, his eyes glinting with malice. “Of course if you co-operate with our terms we will keep him safe.”Seokjin’s sharp breath was heard “I need to see him first.”“You don’t trust me? Fine see for yourself.” He switched on the camera “Taehyungie say hi to your mate.”“S-Seokjin!” He swallowed back a sob and called out to him.“Taehyung, my love, are you okay? Is the baby okay?” He couldn’t see him but the worry in his voice made his heart hurt.“I’m okay, we’re fine. I’m so sorry.” He cried. “I will come save you I promise.” He said softly.Taehyung nodded as the tears streamed down his face, when he heard him he couldn’t stop it “I know. I love you.”“What a heartwarming scene. Ah young love.” Hyunki snickered as Henjung snorted “Disgusting.”“Now that you saw him safe and sound, will you do our bidding?”“I swear if you touch one hair on his head I will fucking rip your throat out!““Yes yes we get it already!” He said with irritation, “My patience is thinning though.”“What do you want?” Seokjin asked coldly.“We want you to bring us 7 million dollars by 6 PM. We’ll text you the place, come alone and if you alert the police, say bye bye to Taehyungie and your precious pup.”“Fine. I will give you all the money you want. Just don’t hurt them.”“Don’t be late.” He grinned and ended the call. “Now we wait.”“Is it really just money that you want?” Taehyung asked him quietly.“Clever Taetae. Of course not this is just a ruse to get your mate here, and an added bonus.” He shrugged.“You owe us that much after the shit we went through.” Henjung added. “Wish I could kill you myself but that would be too easy, Hyunki’s plan is better.”Dread washed over him “What do you mean? What are you going to do to him?”“I’m glad you asked. Since he ruined my face, first I’m going to ruin his, that pretty face he’s so proud of will be no more.” His uncle barked a laugh. “Then we kill him of course.”“I don’t care about your mate but I want you to see the look on his face while he’s battered and bloody, unable to help you as you scream while I fuck you so that the last sight he sees is his mate being taken by another. If this pup of yours survives we’ll also get rid of it. You will be completely alone, with nothing and no one. Just like I was.”He choked as Henjung described what he would do, the horror making him unable to do anything except tremble in fear and revulsion. Bile rose at his throat and he coughed out, vomiting into ground next to him.“You disgusting bitch! I’m not cleaning up after you.”“You’re a sick monster! You won’t get away with this.” Cries escaped his lips as he tried to still his rapidly increasing anxiety.“Watch me.” He licked his lips, smiling in glee. —————- Seokjin slammed the phone on the table making Yoongi jump at the force of it. He took deep breathes, the image of Taehyung tied up and scared as he spoke to him, the tears that streamed down his face and the way his voice trembled made his blood boil with rage.”I’m going to murder those fucking bastards myself!” He growled and Yoongi watched him nervously. His pheromones were coming off in waves it was almost unbearable, it was the first time for Yoongi to see Seokjin in this state since he was usually a very calm and patient alpha. But ever since Taehyung went missing he was like a completely different person.“They will pay for this Seokjin we just need to calm down-““How am I supposed to calm down?!! My mate is with a psycho, he can just about do anything to him and I don’t even know how to bring him back! He asked for 7 million! Where am I supposed to get all this money by 6 pm??” He burst out at Yoongi, eyes red rimmed with tiredness from staying up all night. He pulled at his hair, frustration and anguish filling him.“Yoongi if something happens to him I- I won’t forgive myself. It’s my fault that this happened, I let him go out in anger and- I didn’t protect him like I promised...” his shaking fingers came up to cover his face. The guilt tore at his heart, why couldn’t he just hold him and apologize? Tell him he was the most important person in his life? And now it was too late..“Seokjin-““I’m such a fucking useless alpha.” and soon tears started streaming down his pale cheeks. Never in his life had he felt all hope was lost and never had he been in a situation where he felt completely worthless.Yoongi grabbed his shoulders, making him face him, his heart hurt for his friend who cried silent pained tears. “Seokjin enough! Don’t blame yourself, this wouldn’t help us right now. He will be fine there’s still time. Focus with me and let’s look for a way to gather the money, we will save him.”With some difficulty but quick action, Seokjin emerged from his gloomy thoughts, deciding that his friend was right, he needed to stay calm and focus on saving the love of his life.Wiping his tears he said “You’re right, this isn’t the time.”“So the money.. I can pitch in to help. How much do you have? We can ask the police force but it will take some time to prepare all that money.” Yoongi frowned in thought, the biggest issue they had was the tight time limit.Seokjin shook his head knowing that that option wouldn’t be quick enough, “If I pull all that I own it will only be 3 million. I have to find another option.” He didn’t need help from the authorities, he needed help from someone who could deliver this ridiculous amount of cash in seconds.Seokjin straightened up when he came to the epiphany of the only person who had this amount of money ready. Everything in his mind was begging him to look for another way, to do anything but this. Then an image of Taehyung came to his head. His boxy smile when they would wake up on a lovely sunny morning, and how the sunlight through their bedroom curtain would hit Taehyung's face, illuminating him, oh how Taehyung looked stunning as he slept on his chest.Taehyung is waiting for him to go back home together. And in an instant, he was set on going against everything he swore not to do and ask his father for help. —————— Seokin formulated a plan with Yoongi, they covered all that they would do and how the police would infiltrate. Now the only thing left was the most essential, the money. They needed it to not alert them of anything, to insure that they wouldn’t hurt Taehyung. His jaw set in determination as he raced to his old man’s mansion. He needed to get the money as soon as possible, the clock was ticking.He rang the doorbell like a madman desperate to receive a quick response. Shihyuk opened the door, looking at him in astonishment.“Is my father in his study?” He asked before the man could talk.“Y-yes Seokjin-ssi do you want me to call-““No need I’ll go to him myself.” He rushed inside, taking the familiar route in quick strides.“Father!” He said in lieu of greeting, his father looked up from his documents in surprise, eyes narrowing when he saw him.“Seokjin. Can’t you knock.” He looked at him in disapproval to which Seokjin ignored.“Father I’m in a hurry.”“At least your lowlife omega isn’t with you. To what do I owe this pleasure.” Sarcasm dripped from his words. With difficulty he ignored the insult, choosing to focus on the real goal.“I need your help.”His father was shocked from words that escaped Seokjin lips, he never envisioned this moment would occur in his lifetime and to this he issued a bewildered laugh “My help huh? Did you forget what you said the last time you were here? ‘I don’t want anything to do with you’ weren’t those your words? And for what- that worthless omega.” He snorted.Seokjin clenched his fists, unable to ignore the continuous insults longer “Don’t call him that! I know what I said. But I need you, unfortunately I don’t have any other choice right now.”“Hmph at least you admit you need me. What do you want?”“I need money..” he swallowed thickly, closing his eyes and looking down.He raised his brow “Interesting..” he issued him to continue, a self satisfied aura emitting from him.He took a deep breath, shedding all the pride he had “My mate got kidnapped. They’re asking for 7 million and you’re the only person I know who can get that much money in a short time.” He couldn’t help the desperate note in his voice.“And why would I help you?” He raised his brow, looking at him in challenge.“I will do anything you ask. Please father if you have ever cared about me in your life help me. I can’t lose him, I can’t lose my child.” Seokjin bowed his head as he broke all his walls of dignity in this offer.From the silence coming from his father, Seokjin decided to proceed in persuading this man in any way he can, even if it meant going to the state of begging, “If you want me to go on my knees I will do it.”His father was stunned once again and was now hesitant, his son has always been proud, even when he used to discipline him for disobeying him or when he cut off his money or food, he has never before begged. Seeing the person in front of him, so broken and desperate shook something inside of him. He had never foreseen the day something, no, someone would be his son’s ultimate weakness to the point that made Jin leave his pride and ego at the door.‘He really cares about him..’“I have sworn to never give you anything even if you beg on your knees. But I will agree on one condition.”“Anything father, anything.” He looked straight into his father’s eyes, visible tears in his own.“You need to stop being a lawyer and come work with me, you will return to being my heir.”Seokjin looked back down as heart squeezed in pain. He would to give up his dream, all the hard work he put in building a name for himself and his work that he cherished so much will be gone.‘All this means nothing if he isn’t with me..’ with renewed determination, he looked up at him, and with a clear voice said : “I’ll do it father.”“Perfect.” His father smiled in satisfaction and victory. He quickly made some calls as Seokjin waited in silence, he couldn’t believe that he had just given up everything he fought for all his life, but none of that mattered as his mind was only on the thought of saving Taehyung.“Alright it’s done. The 7 million will be here in an hour.”He breathed a sigh of relief, letting it wash over his body, it was the first bit of good news in a while and it gave him hope. “Thank you.”“You truly love him huh.” His father frowned “I spent all this time trying to convince your stubborn ass and you agreed so easily just for him..” he looked at him in wonder, confusion written all over his face.“I do. I’ll give up my own life for him if it comes to it.”His father snorted “I certainly hope not. I still need you to fulfill your promise.”“Yes, I will. I gave you my word father.”“I know, glad to have you back son.” He clapped him on the back.Seokjin wasn’t in such a cheerful mood as his father, he drank the coffee shihyuk made for them and listened to his father chatter about business distractedly, anxiously watching the clock and waiting.After exactly 60 minutes, the money was there and immediately he took off. Now he waited for their text and prepared himself for the operation he was about to do.Anxiety crept up on him as he felt so close to reaching Taehyung yet so far. He still felt at fault for all that had happened and to what was about to occur. How could he let himself slip and let his love be taken?Then and there he made a promise to himself that he would do anything to let them come out of this unscathed, and that he would spend the rest of his living days protecting Taehyung and their baby with all his strength. All he hoped was that everything moves according to plan and he saves his mate. ‘I’m coming Taehyung.’ ———————TW: violence.______________ “It’s 5 minutes to 6, where’s your alpha?” Henjung asked, the tips of his fingers clacking the desk impatiently.His uncle snorted “Maybe he changed his mind? I mean who would pay 7 millions for this scum.”“What a waste. Well I’m gonna enjoy playing with him before killing him either way, we can still make him suffer physically, just how I like it.” Henjung cracked his knuckles, an evil grin spreading over his face as he watched the omega. “Right Taehyungie?”Taehyung lowered his gaze, not giving him the satisfaction of a reaction, he knew they loved baiting him, as per what was proven for the past few hours. They succeeded at getting a rise out of him at the beginning but it got repetitive after a while and although he knew they were capable of making their taunts true, he didn’t doubt Seokjin. His mate was definitely coming.Suddenly he felt very ridiculous at his previous claims that Seokjin stopped caring about him, how could he even doubt his mate’s love for him? He let his insecurities and emotions cloud his judgement and he got himself into a dire situation, putting harm over his mate and his baby. ‘How could I be so careless?’ His fists clenched in regret, despair washing over him.‘Please don’t let them get hurt, please I’ll never ask for anything again. They’re the only ones that matter.’ he prayed, hoping that the angels hear him and help him. He didn’t know how they would get out of this but at this point he needed all the help he could get. “Are you ignoring me?!” Henjung growled, irritated at his false display of nonchalance. “Time’s up. I can start it right now.” The chair fell down, hitting the floor with a bang at his sudden standing.Taehyung’s body flinched in fear, as he advanced towards him sharply, he shifted his legs, letting them cover his middle as well as he could from the ropes binding him, closing his eyes and waiting for the hit he knew was coming.Henjung clutched his hair in a tight grip, drawing his head back “When I speak to you, you answer me.” He punched his cheekbone, making his head snap to the side. Taehyung whimpered at the hot white pain, tasting the metallic taste of blood in his mouth. It felt like a million needles were piercing his skin. ‘Please...’“Henjung enough, he’s here. We need him conscious and focused to see his mate getting tortured first then you can do whatever you want with him.” He pointed to the screen that showed Seokjin getting inside the abandoned building, the 2 men they assigned on the door checking him for weapons and accompanying him to their place.“Tch.. you’re lucky.” Henjung threw his head back, and he breathed a sigh of relief, he was afraid the beating could hurt his baby.After entering the small, sparsely furnished dark room, Seokjin’s gaze immediately zeroed in on his mate. Upon seeing his swollen jaw and the slight blood on his lips, his anger spiked. “You hurt him.” His deep growl was deadly cold.“You were late by 5 minutes so consider this as punishment for your tardiness.” His uncle shrugged. “The money?”“Give Taehyung to me first.”His uncle removed a gun from the back of his pants, pointing it at him and Taehyung gasped softly, he didn’t know they also had a gun. ‘No..no.’ He shook in terror, guns meant trouble and Taehyung knew this too well from his past.“Where’s the money? Or should we hurt him more? We’ve been more than patient with you but I’m not a patient man.”Seokjin’s jaw clenched “Put it away. Here’s your damned money!” He opened the bag he was holding, “The rest are in the car, you can come see it yourselves.”“If you try anything you’ll regret it.” He cocked the gun and aimed it at Seokjin in warning. “Bring him and let’s go.” His uncle gestured for Henjung, who unwrapped his hands, letting them fall to the floor. Taehyung winced, messaging his sore wrists.“You okay?” Seokjin’s gentle voice asked him, he looked up into his worried eyes and nodded “Yes.” he wanted to run into his arms and hug him tightly, bury himself into his comfort and warmth but Henjung’s tight grip on his arm prevented him from moving, and he couldn’t risk them using the gun.As they walked outside, Seokjin opened the car for them, showing them bags upon bags of money, they opened some of them, checking that it’s real and nodding at him in satisfaction. They gestured for their accomplices to take the bags inside.“Can you let my mate go now?” Seokjin asked tightly, seething at the way they kept the gun aimed at him and how his Taehyung looked terrorized.“Ah but we still haven’t talked, you want to leave so quickly?”Seokjin growled “Stop fucking playing and let him go right this second!”Henjung switched the aim from Taehyung to Seokjin and shot at his leg in a quick surprise move. Taehyung screamed as he watched him fall to the floor, his leg gushing out blood at an alarming rate. He pushed at his uncle’s hold, about to run to him when Henjung quickly yelled “Don’t move!” positioning the gun at him once again.“The fun is just about to begin.”Taehyung felt cold sweat drench his body, as the blinding panic engulfed him, the sobs came out from his lips completely uncontrolled. He watched Seokjin breathing heavily and groaning in pain. His uncle’s laughs resonated in his ears, mixing with Seokjin’s screams as Henjung pressed his foot into the wound on his leg.His heart was getting torn up, ripped from his chest as he watched him get stamped upon, his mate’s pain hurting him just as much as it did Seokjin. It was unbearable for Taehyung “Please don’t hurt him, I’ll do anything please.” He begged his uncle as he sobbed, but he only laughed harder.“We don’t need anything from you, we just need you to watch.” Henjung smirked, “Want to have a go at his face Hyunki?”“With pleasure.” His uncle passed him to Henjung, who gripped him tightly and kept the gun on him. Seokjin snarled at him, trying and failing to stand, he covered his face and dodged the punches as well as he could but when he pressed his foot into the wound again, Seokjin howled in pain, dropping his defenses and getting multiple punches to the face.“How does it feel huh? Sucks right? I’m going to fuck you up so bad and then fuck your mate in front of you, this is what you prevented right? Well it’s gonna happen anyway.” He said in between punches, Seokjin’s head lolling back from the attacks.He looked at him and gave a bloody smirk “You will fail again.” He spat at his face, making it contort in anger as the saliva mixed with blood dripped down. “You disgusting shit, I will kill you!” He gave him a hard punch, standing up and kicking his stomach and injured leg again, knocking the breath from Seokjin as he continued his assault. Taehyung couldn’t stand it, he couldn’t just watch them kill his mate slowly in front of his eyes but there was nothing he could do as he cried hysterically. He looked away, not bearing the sight anymore and suddenly his eyes caught a flash of movement. ‘What-‘Henjung was distracted with laughing at his uncle’s disgusting taunts for Seokjin and he craned his neck, looking back. ‘Yoongi?!’ He saw the man from the side of the building, wearing his armor and signaling for him. His heartbeat increased as he quickly looked away lest they see him, maybe there was actually hope for them.His cries stopped and Henjung looked at him in confusion, “Want to join in the fun Taehyungie? I want to hear your screams too.” He grinned evilly, trapping him against the side of the building and pushing himself into him and attempting to rip his clothes with one hand, ‘It’s now or never.’ Taehyung took advantage of the point of weakness the alpha showed and with all his might, slammed his knee between Henjung’s legs.The hard hit to the sensitive place made him howl in pain, the gun slid from his shaking hand and Taehyung kicked it away and ran to Seokjin’s side, at that moment Yoongi emerged from behind the building with his team, all of them aiming their guns at the 2 men. “Freeze! Put your hand up or we’ll shoot.” He yelled and his uncle cursed, putting his hand up.Taehyung hugged Seokjin to his chest, sobbing as the battered alpha held him back, taking care not to hurt him more. “We’re safe now, we’re safe.” Seokjin whispered and he nodded, the tears of anguish and pain turning into relief. They smiled at each other, Seokjin’s face bloody and bruised, while Taehyung’s blotchy and red, swollen from the hit, ‘We’re going to be okay.’ Taehyung caressed his head and pressed a soft kiss to the laid down alpha’s forehead, nuzzling into him. “If I’m going to die anyway I rather take him with me!!” In a flash Henjung was reaching for the gun and all too quickly he was shooting at Taehyung, “NO!!” Seokjin yelled and, in a show of strength he didn’t know he possessed, got up, covering Taehyung with his back, hugging him tightly. His body jerked as the 2 shots Henjung managed to shoot hit him swiftly, making him fall onto the omega.Henjung laughed like a maniac as the police were onto him immediately, shooting him and his laughs stilled, fading into the night. Taehyung was frozen in place, feeling Seokjin’s shallow breath hitting his neck, he couldn’t comprehend what happened, his mind was attacked with flashbacks and memories as the dreadful sense of deja vu occurred.‘Want to see your smile Taetae..’ she mumbled weakly.‘They will save you mama.’ He tried to smile at her.Yet he never saw her smile again..“S-Seokjin-“ his body was getting heavier and Taehyung felt warm fluid, oozing from him, coating him in scarlet red.“I love you...” Seokjin whispered into his ear before completely slumping into him, losing all the strength in his body.‘No this can’t be... NO.’ “NO! NO! SEOKJIN WAKE UP.” He screamed and screamed, sobbing hysterically but the alpha was as still as death in his arms. No amount of noise or shaking could rouse him.Looking at his lifeless mate sent his heart in a frenzy, pounding in his chest furiously. His head filled with white noise and his lungs constricted, his airway closing up, he couldn’t breathe. The black spots were taking over his vision as the last thing he saw was them removing Seokjin from his arms, and him trying to hold on but failing as he slipped into unconsciousness.‘Don’t leave me..’



Chapter End Notes
What is gonna happen with Jinnie now :( And poor Taehyungie is facing so much.Sorry I was a bit late this chapter but it was a very hard one to write, I stayed up all night to finish it actually lol.Very thankful to my friend ‘LOVETAEJIN7’ who helped me with this chapter and supported me always, thank you so much my sweet <3<3I hope you tell me what do you think about it, I will appreciate that a lott. Thank you so much for the support, love you all and hope you enjoyed <3


Chapter 11
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





 Taehyung giggled as Jin pressed another kiss to the sensitive place right under his ear, blowing a breath into it and making him shiver in delight. His mate didn’t stop at that, he continued playing with the outer shell of his ear, running his tongue over it and nipping it softly with his teeth, his plump lips caressing the soft skin gently. “Hmm.” The vibrations of his voice went directly to Taehyung’s spine. 
 
 They were in a wide open field, filled with the greenest grass, the sun was shining on them with it’s warm rays. The large tree they were sitting under providing needed shade against the heat. Flowers were blooming everywhere and colorful butterflies jumped from flower to flower tasting every sweet nectar.  
 
 Taehyung felt content in his mate’s arms, his back pressed against his chest as Seokjin’s arms wrapped around his waist securely, hugging him close as he kept teasing him with sweet kisses. 
 
 The omega squirmed into his arms “Stop this, I’m ticklish!” He squealed with a giggle. Seokjin chuckled “but I like kissing you!” 
 
 “Kiss my lips instead.” His mouth was stretched into a boxy grin as he twisted his head back, waiting for the lips that immediately descended on his, claiming them into a deep kiss.  
 
 He sighed happily, feeling the love his mate had for him, his passionate kisses were always proof of that, but he still liked to hear it.  
 
 “Seokjin.. do you love me?”  
 
 Seokjin looked at him, eyes shining with affection as the pad of his thumb caressed his soft cheek. “I love you more than anything, my precious.” He pecked his lips and Taehyung’s heart fluttered with joy. 
 
 “Do you promise to stay with me forever?” 
 
 “Forever and ever, in this life and maybe the next too, we’ll be eternally together.” 
 
 Taehyung grinned at the words and kissed him again, this time the kiss more slow, gently moving his lips against his in a special rhythm. He moved his body, adjusting his sitting position to face his lover more fully, seeing the radiant smile on his lips as the breeze played with the black tendrils of his hair. ‘Handsome.’ 
 
 “So romantic, my Seokjin always is.” 



 All of a sudden Seokjin coughed violently, his chest heaved with the force of it. And Taehyung saw red. The scarlet red he was used to seeing on the people he loved. ‘Blood.’ 
 
 The whole place changed, the green field disappearing and getting replaced with black black earth, the sun that was shining so brightly on them was nowhere to be found, and the flowers all wilted and died. 
 
 His mate sat there, his beautiful face marred with ugly bruises and cuts, his lips that kissed his so sweetly were cut and bloody, his body that held his was getting covered by the blood more and more as it flowed from his open wounds. 
 
 “Seokjin! Seokjin what’s happening?” Taehyung was shaking, fear and alarm gripping him as he watched his lover’s eyes getting heavier, his body swaying before falling onto him. 
 
 “I’m sorry Taehyungie.. I broke my promise.” He whispered, his breath that made him shiver with delight before making dread run down his spine as his body slumped into him. 
 
 “Seokjin what do you mean?? SEOKJIN WAKE UP, PLEASE NO!” He shook his lifeless form, screaming for him to wake up over and over to no use.. 


“NO N-“ “TAEHYUNG WAKE UP!!” Jimin’s sudden shout broke him out of his stupor, his friend’s worried face watched him as he blinked, still shaking as he realized it was a dream.  ‘It was a dream.. but Seokjin..’ He gasped sitting up quickly from his bed, “Seokjin! Where’s Seokjin? I need to see him. Please tell me he’s okay.” He cried, panic bubbling in his chest as his friend held his hand, tightly squeezing it in an attempt to comfort him and still its shaking. “Yes yes, he’s okay! Well he will be. He’s still in surgery so we don’t know-“ Taehyung gasped in horror and he rushed to add “-But he will be okay! Don’t worry Taehyungie they will save him.” Taehyung’s eyes filled with tears and he let them fall, anguished sobs escaping his lips. “You don’t understand, I can’t lose him Jimin! Some surgeries go wrong, what if they can’t save him? What if-“ he cried harder, the memories of his mother’s death fresh on his mind. “Shhh Taehyung you won’t, baby. Nothing will go wrong okay?” Jimin hugged him tightly, swallowing the lump in his throat, his friend’s state made it harder for him to stop his own tears. But he had to stay strong, Taehyung needed him and although the fear that something would go wrong tore at his heart, he had to pretend that everything will be fine for his sake. “My baby.. what about my baby?” He pulled away from the hug, panicked again, putting his hand over his swollen belly.  “She’s fine. Completely fine. The doctor performed a thorough check up while you were sleeping.” Jimin rubbed his shoulder in comfort as he sighed in relief.  “Thank you Jimin.. h-has he been in surgery for long?”  Jimin hesitated before finally saying “Uhm just a couple of hours.. they’ll finish, soon I’m sure.”More tears slid out of his eyes as he thought about his mate. He took those bullets for him, to save him, and now he was fighting for his life in surgery. He sobbed, praying it doesn’t go the same way as the last time. Why were the people he loved always doing this?  ‘I don’t deserve it..’ 

“The guys are all here, outside, I’ll call them to sit with us.” He patted his hair gently as he wiped his tears, but it was no use because they were quickly getting replaced by fresh ones.  Jimin left quickly at his nods, shutting the door behind him. As soon as he saw his mate he ran into his arms, not able to hold back his tears in his embrace. It hurt too much to see his friend in this broken state, and his other friend’s uncertain fate.  “Joonie he wouldn’t take it. What if something happens to Jin hyung? What if he di-“ “Don’t be pessimistic okay! He will be fine. They both will. Stop crying when nothing happened yet!” Jungkook yelled, the young alpha also tense with nerves, since the doctor came and told them that he needed blood, the alpha volunteered to do it before anyone else, but even with the donated blood the doctor told them to prepare for anything. But he couldn’t, he couldn’t stand the thought that anything would go wrong. Seokjin was his precious hyung who was there for him through all his tough times, his role model, the strongest person he knew. It was just unthinkable! Namjoon glared at him in disapproval, patting his mate’s back gently “Jimin it’s going to be okay.” He murmured, whispering calming words into his ear. “Yoongi hyung let’s go to Taehyung, we need to distract him, he shouldn’t be alone right now. You stay here jungkook, you’re too riled up.” Hoseok sighed, getting up with Yoongi. Everyone was worried in their own ways but they were all trying their best to stay collected as they waited with hope that it will all pass.. 


After waiting for some more hours, Taehyung felt numb, his body was deprived of tears and it felt like he couldn’t cry anymore even if he tried. They tried to make him eat but he couldn’t stomach anything, so he let the doctors attach some nutritional iv fluids instead. His friends chattered around him about random subjects but the conversations were never long, they were all too tense to act like nothing is wrong, but he appreciated them for trying. And finally, the doctor came to them giving them the news that : “He lost a lot of blood. It was a very hard operation, his heart stopped and we almost lost him, but your friend is a fighter, he pulled through just fine.” He chuckled. “The hardest part has passed, now we wait for him to wake up.” Taehyung burst into tears that he didn’t know he had still, the immense relief that his Seokjin, the love of his life, and his family was alive crashed into him. “Thank you, thank you.” He repeated as he cried, grateful for the doctor and for anyone above who listened to his prayers.  ‘The worst has passed, we’ll be okay, we’ll be fine.’ He smiled as his friends exchanged hugs, everyone happy at the good news, the gloomy atmosphere vanishing and getting replaced with hope.


But Seokjin doesn’t wake up..


“I’m so sorry.. he fell into a coma. There was no way of knowing this will happen, the amount of blood he lost was severe so it might’ve affected his brain.” The doctor regretfully told them, looking down as he delivered the blow.  “But.. he’ll wake up right? How long will he stay like this??” Taehyung wasn’t sure who asked, but it might’ve been Jungkook. He was grateful for him since he was too shocked to speak. “I can’t give an exact time for that unfortunately.. it may take a few days or weeks. I have to be real with you, some patients never wake up.” He sighed, shaking his head at them in pity. “We have done everything we can, it’s out of our hands now.”

————-

Taehyung never got used to he sight of Seokjin in the white bed, every day he watched his strong body looking frail and getting thinner by the day. His cheeks sunken and pale, his red plump lips loosing their color, looking as white as the sheets and the room around him. It hurt. It hurt him so badly to see him like this.  ‘If he’s alive why’s he not waking up? Why is he in this state? Why why why..’ “Am I destined to be alone?” He whispered in a broken voice to Seokjin, the beeping of the machines around him his only answer.  “Why aren’t you waking up? It’s been two weeks..” A drop of tear falls down, followed by another one and another one. His eyes were constantly swollen and red from the never ending tears he shed for the past two weeks. He briefly wondered if they would ever stop, his body didn’t seem capable of running out of tears. “I miss you.. I miss the crinkle in your eyes when you smile at me. I miss your arms holding me, hugging me tightly, making me feel safe and loved. I miss your laugh.” He sobbed, “I missed you so fucking much I can’t stand it!” He shakily holds his limp hand in his, just like he does everyday, squeezing it “You’re alive... you’re alive but it feels just like you’re d-dead.” And upon this, loud sobs escaped him, his body shaking as cries wracked him, making him almost hurt from their force. But the pain in his heart was much greater than any other physical pain. ‘Seokjin.. my Seokjin can’t be dead, can he?’‘He’s dead, he left you alone just like the pathetic thing you are.’ Their voice rang back in his head, and so he screamed.It was all too much and too consuming.  “NO I DIDN’T MEAN IT, he’s not dead you’re not... n-not, please don’t die, don’t leave me! Seokjin, please wake up, I can’t live without you, I can’t stay alone. Wake up!” He sobbed at his bedside, his hand tightly clutches into his as he broke down completely.  ‘He’s never waking up. The doctor said it he’sdeadhe’sdead-‘ the voices laughed and repeated as he screamed “SHUT UP SHUT UP.”

The door burst open, the nurses pulled him up with them and he briefly realized he was on the floor, he was crying too hard he didn’t even notice. They injected a sedative into his body and he felt himself go lax as he closed his eyes and surrendered to it. ‘Finally the voices are gone..’


“Yeah he had a nervous breakdown..” he heard a voice a voice murmur as he slowly came back to consciousness, stirring slightly but not opening his eyes yet. They felt too heavy and he just wanted to go back to the darkness, he wasn’t ready to let go of the nothingness and face the aching in his chest once again. “Listen, he can’t keep this up, his blood pressure was too high and the continued stress is extremely dangerous for the baby.” he heard the doctor’s voice, insistently waking him up, but he wanted to listen. ‘baby..’ The next words made his chest clench with fear as his heart stuttered with Jimin’s gasp “I’m afraid he may lose the baby..”  A knot formed in his throat, Jimin assured the doctor that he was going to talk to him and suggest a therapist, and the doctor left after leaving him another warning that this can’t continue. After he left, Jimin came to his side and caressed his hair gently, kissing his forehead. Tears fell from his eyes to the side of his face as he opened them and looked at him. “I’m already the worst father and my baby isn’t even born yet.” He sobbed, his hands coming up to cover his face. “You were awake?” Jimin gasped “No Taehyung! Listen to me, this is not true!”He held his hand tightly, removing it from his face. Jimin looked at his friend’s once beautiful eyes in pity, oh how they changed from being shining with light and joy to the utter sadness and despair that clouded them permanently.  “Everyone around me just gets hurt or dies, I’m like a curse, no good will ever come from me. You should get away from me before something happens to you too.”  He said bitterly, reaching the conclusion that the fault lies within him.  “Taehyung no, don’t say that. Of course you aren’t. And your baby will be fine.” He said in consolation, sorrow gripping him tightly, wishing he could take all his pain away. “I don’t deserve her, it may be b-better t-to lose her too..” he said gasping, his eyes widened as if he couldn’t believe he said that. He crumpled and started weeping, hugging his middle tightly. “Taehyung! Snap out of it! Why are you just giving up?! This is not the strong Taehyung I know.. the one who can do anything and endured so much shit but was still going strong!” Jimin yelled, shaking as he was overcome with emotions “Do you think Jin hyung would like to see you like this when he wakes up? Do you think your mom, watching over you would like that?!” He shook his shoulder, not too forcefully, but wanting him to stop his self destructive thoughts. “Fucking snap out of it and don’t say anymore shit you don’t mean. You want to lose your baby? Seriously?!”  Taehyung shook his head vigorously, ‘of course not.’ “I-I don’t, I don’t know what I’m saying! I don’t know what’s happening to me.” More tears poured out of his eyes “Help me Jimin.” He whimpered, voice almost pleading, “I feel so alone.. I don’t know how to handle this, please.” Jimin took a deep breath, his tearful eyes filled with pity mixed with determination as he looked at his friend “You’re going to be just fine. I’m taking you to a good therapist and he will help you. We’re all here for you Tae, if only you look around you you’ll see that you are not alone..” he rubbed his hair softly, regretting to have been almost harsh with his friend, but thankful it had worked somewhat to break him out of his daze. Deciding to be more gentle and calm with him now that he had his attention “Focus on the positives and don’t look only at the negatives.. Seokjin hyung is still alive and he will wake up, he’s the strongest person I know. And your baby is a blessing.. if you just be more careful she’ll be fine. You’re the one who will choose how this goes, either sadness and despair or hope and faith that you’re going to have the happy family you always wanted. Just be a little more patient, have more trust in Seokjin and in yourself. You’re strong Taetae you will get through this.”  Taehyung nodded his head, wiping at the continuous tears “I’m sorry.. so sorry. I promise to never take it for granted again. I’m grateful, they’re alive. I’m sorry baby, I love you.” He patted his swollen belly, caressing it gently. “Rest some more and tomorrow first thing in the morning, let’s visit the therapist. “ he nodded his head at Jimin, mumbling a small thank you. He got up shakily with the help of Jimin, he took him back to Jin’s room at his insistence. Even though it hurt, he still couldn’t bear to stay away from his mate for long.  ’I have to be strong.’ He took a deep breath and slowly entered the small-ish bed, cuddling up next to Jin. He was practically living at the hospital, he couldn’t go home without Seokjin, it would be too hard for him without the alpha and his warm, comfortable presence. His friends wanted him to go back home, to get away from the depressing atmosphere but he couldn’t bear it, the house was too empty. He had a vip room so Taehyung was allowed to stay with him after his friends got permission from the hospital.  He put his hand over his chest, feeling his heart beat under his hand, strong and steady felt reassuring. Jimin was right, Jin is alive, that was the most important thing. ‘I’ll be strong.. for our family.’ He promised himself as he moved his head closer, to Seokjin’s neck, scenting his fainter than usual pheromones. He drifted off to sleep, the rhythm of Jin’s heartbeat like a soothing mantra, reminding him that there is hope yet..


——————-


“Congratulations! Would you like to hold her?” Taehyung breathed heavily from the exertion, feeling his heart swell with happiness for the first time in a while as he nodded, extending his hand shakily to the nurse that cleaned up his newborn daughter and wrapped her up in a soft pink blanket. The squirming bundle was still crying, her tiny hands moving around and her face so red as she screamed, but as soon as he held her in his arms, hugging her close to his chest, her cries quieted down instantly. Her face calming as if she felt the safety and familiarity of her father. Taehyung fell in love again right then and there. His eyes teared up as he smiled happily at her, lightly touching her soft cheek with his finger, watching as her big chocolate brown eyes looked up at him in wonder. “Hi baby.” He whispered softly, “I love you.” “Aww Taetae you did so well! Look at her, she’s so cutee! She looks just like-“  “Yes. Just like Seokjin.” He completed for  Jimin who gave him a sad smile. Rubbing his back, he gave him a kiss to the side of his forehead, lightly caressing his sweaty hair. Jimin had stayed with him throughout it all and although he was very grateful for his friend, he couldn’t help but wish his mate had been next to him, seeing their daughter coming to life and sharing this special connection.. A sob escaped his lips as he looked at the tiny look alike of his mate, in his arms. He bent down, closing his eyes as he kissed her forehead gently. ‘I wish you could see her Jinnie, look what we made..’

“What are you going to name her?” Jimin whispered quietly, so as to not disturb the atmosphere. He closed his eyes as the memories of that moment came crashing into him.


 “I told you we were gonna have a girl, see, trust my instincts.” Seokjin teased his mate, laughing as the omega stuck his tongue out at him. 
 
 “Whatever. Hmph, you got lucky. It was a 50/50 chance anyway.” 
 
 “Babe don’t be a sore loser. Come here and stop pouting.” Seokjin opened his arms and he immediately jumped into them, cuddling up next to him on the bed and nuzzling into him so that no space existed between them. Just how he liked it. He sighed in contentment, breathing in his scent. 
 
 “Did you want it to be a boy?” Seokjin asked as he lazily caressed the soft locks of his hair. 
 
 He shook his head “No, I would’ve been happy either way.. no matter the gender it’s our baby.” 
 
 Seokjin kissed his head, “Yes. But I’m happy she’s a girl. I always wanted a little girl to spoil, ahh how I’d give her the world if she asked.” 
 
 “With how much you spoil me, I can see you being the most coddling father. Don’t over-spoil my child and ruin her.” He whined playfully, hitting his chest lightly. 
 
 Seokjin laughed “I’m gonna be the fun father while you be the stern one so she loves me more.” 
 
 “Shut up!” He gasped, hitting him again “What do you mean love you more? I’m the one who is tired all the time from holding her in my body for months! You only did the fun part.” He huffed and pouted at him. 
 
 “Okay okay, she’s gonna love us both equally then.” He grinned, pinching his cheek. “I just like teasing you, you cutie.” 
 
 “No you’re just mean.” 
 
 Seokjin laughed again, and Taehyung smiled a little, feeling the vibrations of his laughter under him as he leaned on his chest.  
 
 “Seokjin what are we going to name her?” He adjusted his head so that he leaned his chin over his hand, still on top of Jin’s chest and looked at him in excitement. 
 
 “Hmm let me think, do you have any suggestions?” He asked, running his finger over the mole on his cheekbone, and moving to the one on his lips that he loved so much. 
 
 “Yes! I want to name her Areum. Isn’t it so pretty?” Taehyung grinned at him, boxy smile so wide as he thought about their daughter. He couldn’t wait! He was already so excited to meet her, the ultrasound picture the doctor gave them was already put in a photo album where he was keeping all her pictures in, since she was just a tiny peanut. 
 
 “Oh yeah it is.. but how about Sarang? She’s a product of our love isn’t she? And she’s gonna be our most precious love. Our Sarang.” Seokjin said softly, his words filled with affection for their daughter. 
 
 “...Why do you always have to say such sweet words and make me speechless?” 
 
 Seokjin grinned “I’m perfect I know.” 
 
 Taehyung rolled his eyes with a smile “Shush, don’t ruin it. I still think Areum is pretty though.” He pouted. 
 
 “Aw it’s okay baby let’s just decide when we see her, how about that? I’m sure it’ll come to us naturally then.” 
 
 Taehyung lifted himself up to kiss his lips “Yes. Let’s do that.” He smiled brightly at him, holding his cheeks in his hands. 
 
 The alpha grabbed his chin gently and pulled him closer, claiming his lips again in a deeper kiss as they lost themselves in each other. 



A tear slid down Taehyung’s cheek, the name was already decided in his heart. “Sarang. My Sarang.” ‘Our Sarang.’ A product of his and Seokjin’s love. “So beautiful. I love it so much Taetae.” Jimin smiled at him, touching the baby’s small hand gently. “Want me to call the others in? They’re probably anxious to see you both.” Taehyung nodded, thanking his friend and he left to bring them. They all cooed at her, congratulating him and asking about how he felt. The nurse brought him a bottle and he fed her as he listened to them talk and chatter with half an ear, his focus was on the bundle of joy in his arms. His Sarang, the second love of his life, she was sucking so eagerly on the bottle, eating well and earning more coos from around them.

“You have other visitors.” The nurse entered and told him, and he nodded at her to let them in. He knew who they were since he was the one who told his friends to inform them. Seokjin’s parents entered the room, his mother already gasping as soon as she saw the sight of him and the baby, her eyes watering up as she covered her mouth with her hand. They had a rocky start with Taehyung , well his father mainly, but after the kidnapping and Seokjin’s coma, he came around a bit. He just broke down one day beside his sleeping son’s bed and cried for him to come back, that he was sorry, that he loved him, that he doesn’t want anything except for him to wake up. Taehyung felt for him because he probably regretted all that he did to his son at that moment, the saying that ‘you don’t realize the importance of something until you lose it’ was very accurate.  Since then, they visited with Taehyung a lot. His father didn’t talk to him much, but when he did he sounded regretful and sheepish, as if he knew he did him wrong. His pride prevented him from apologizing, but Taehyung didn’t mind that, he was glad enough he was being courteous to him and at the end he was Seokjin’s father, he couldn’t hold a grudge against him. His mother was more sweet and attentive and very helpful for Taehyung, she actually bought much of the clothes and supplies for him. They spent much time together, bonding over Seokjin and he was grateful for that, sharing his feelings with someone who understood him well.  “Oh my heart.” His mother came closer to them, “She’s so precious.” She cooed and he smiled at her. “May I hold her? Please.” She requested earnestly looking at him with tears in her eyes. He was loathe to let go of his daughter, he felt like he couldn’t let go even for a second so he hesitated a bit before biting his lip and handing her over ever so gently. She took the baby from his arms “She’s the spitting image of him, I can’t believe this.” She cried as she hugged her closer.  “Look at her..” smiling tearfully she showed her husband, who nodded and actually rubbed at his eyes discreetly. “She is.” The baby suddenly fussed and squirmed uncomfortably before erupting in a high pitched cry. “Oh!” She tried to pat her and get her to stop but she continued to cry loudly. “Here, give her to me.” Taehyung extended his arms, and just like magic as soon as he held her she quieted down again, cries turning into soft whimpers before stopping completely as she relaxed into his hold. Taehyung’s heart fluttered with happiness and contentment as he held her, he felt whole again, like she belonged into his arms. He never wanted to let go. “Aww she already feels a connection with you..” she smiled gently. “Did you name her?” Mr. Kim asked in a gruff but warm voice.  “Yes. I named her Sarang. Seokjin chose that name for her.. he’ll be happy when he wakes up.” When not if. Taehyung was certain he would wake up. No matter how long it took, his mate was going to come back for him. “What a beautiful name. Thank you for doing this Taehyungie.” Mrs Kim hugged him gently, taking care of the baby between them. “She’s very lovely.. congratulations.” Mr. Kim gave him a tiny smile, saying the words sincerely. And he thanked him back. After they all left for him to rest, Sarang was already fast asleep in his arms, he rejected the nurse coming to take her and asked her to leave her with him, and he also wanted to do nothing but sleep for hours. He was so so tired, but he just needed to do something before falling asleep.  He called for the nurse, asking him to help him move, the nurse understood what he wanted, after all he was basically a resident at the hospital, and brought a wheelchair for him. The beta carried him into it, with the baby still in his arms and wheeled him to Seokjin’s room.  His heart clenched at the familiar sight of Seokjin’s sleeping form. His months of therapy had helped him a lot, he didn’t have any more breakdowns and he learned to accept everything that happened but that didn’t mean he didn’t hurt still.  He just lived with the pain now, his therapist suggested he talk to him so he did. He talked with Jin a lot, about his days, about his therapy and about his deepest thoughts and feelings. Even though he never responded it was somehow healing to release everything to him, just like he was used to doing..

When he got next to the bed, shakily he put the sleeping baby beside him “Please put me next to them.” He asked the nurse who nodded and silently picked him up again, putting him into the bed. “I’ll come check on you later.” He informed him and Taehyung nodded, thanking him as he left them in privacy. Taehyung lifted his hand, holding Seokjin’s pale pale cheek, caressing it gently. “Won’t you wake up now love? Our daughter is here. I named her Sarang, just like you wanted.” He smiled sadly, “You know I could never refuse you. You always won.” He chuckled.  “She looks just like you Jinnie. I’m kinda sad you know, I’m the one who carried her all this time and she looks nothing like me.” Taehyung smiled, “I’m actually lying. I love that she looks like you.. now I have two cuties to love.” “Your father cried when he saw her. He pretended he didn’t but I saw it. The man is secretly a softy I know it.” He chuckled. “I miss you Seokjin. I miss you more and more everyday. It never gets easier. I wish you were here with me.. you would’ve been overjoyed, wouldn’t you? Our daughter is so beautiful and precious. Our Sarang.” He swallowed hard as tears gathered in his eyes, his chest was hurting so much, even with all the painkillers in his system they couldn’t ease the pain in his heart. “Come back to us soon. We’re waiting for you. If you want to see Sarang, wake up quickly.” He shakily went up to kiss his cheek, taking his hand in his and kissing it also before letting it go. “I want to tell you about her more and more but I’m so tired. I’ll sleep for a just a little bit..” He smiled looking at his precious bundle between them and making sure he wouldn’t hurt her before letting long awaited sleep overtake his exhausted body.


Taehyung woke up to the soft cries of Sarang, her wails were getting louder and louder each time. His throat felt dry and his body was in so much pain that he couldn’t move. ‘The painkillers are wearing off.’ He winced as his wounds felt like they were on fire.  “Shh baby, what is it?” She continued screaming as he patted her. “Are you hungry?” Moving his body carefully, his hand finally reached the buzzer and the nurse came in after a bit.  He gasped at the waves of pain that travelled through his body. “P-please I need more painkillers and a bottle for her.” “Sure Taehyung-ssi. Are you in very much pain? Do you need something strong?” “Yes please. It burns. I want the strongest.” Taehyung was never one to handle pain, he felt grateful when the nurse immediately rushed to give him the pills and he swallowed them with a lot of water to quench his dry throat.  He tried calming the baby till they brought him a bottle and he gave it to her, her small mouth latching onto it and sucking immediately. He sighed as she calmed down and smiled at her in affection, watching her eat and holding the bottle steady. “Demanding little thing aren’t you?” Taehyung looked at Seokjin who was serenely sleeping through the whole ordeal like nothing happened. “Just like your appa.” He smiled at him. “Seokjin how much more is she gonna be like you huh? I also made her you know.”  A large yawn escaped his lips, he was so so tired and the strong painkiller was kicking in, making him feel dazed and sleepy. Sarang was also asleep, her mouth hanging open around the bottle, he giggled at the cuteness of her and removed it. Putting it on the bedside table. He kissed her head lightly, brushing her soft hair with his fingers. Then put his tired head over the pillow again. The bed felt so warm and cozy and sleep was quickly pulling him in. “Hmmm”


 “Who are you calling.. demanding?” 
 
 Taehyung smiled in his dream, opening his eyes to the gruff voice of his mate. “You’re awake!”  
 
 “I heard you.. I heard it all.. I’m sorry.. for not waking.. up sooner. I tried... so hard but I... couldn’t no matter what.” Seokjin’s speech was slurred and far in between and his heart melted at dream Seokjin, he has just woken up from his long long sleep! He was so happy he wanted to hold him, but his body didn’t cooperate with him, still that was the best dream he had in a while.  
 
 “This is the best dream ever.” 
 
 Seokjin chuckled and tried to move so slightly, careful of the sleeping baby next to them. “Is that..” 
 
 “Yes. Our daughter, she’s so beautiful isn’t she Jinnie? Our Sarang.” 
 
 “Our Sarang.” Seokjin moved his hand, slowly, shaking reaching out to touch the sleeping baby. “So perfect.” 
 
 “Yes.” He giggled happily. 
 
 “My precious ones.. love you so much.” Seokjin said, his voice heavy with emotions that touched Taehyung’s heart even though he knew it was a dream. 
 
 “Love you more Jinnie, thank you for visiting my dream, I missed you.” 
 
 “I know.” He watched as Seokjin continued stroking the baby’s cheek and speak to her softly and he smiled, closing his eyes and falling deeper into sleep, the dream vanishing into nothingness.. 


Taehyung woke up with a start looking next to him to the sleeping pair. “Seokjin and mini Seokjin.” He giggled softly. “So cutee.” He cooed, he wanted to take a picture of them. Thankfully he felt better today, he wasn’t in much pain, he didn’t know if the painkillers hadn’t run out or if it was because of the beautiful dream he had last night, but he felt much better. “Was it really you visiting me Jinnie? Is that a sign or something?” He caressed his cheek, running his hand over his lips. “Either way I’m thankful. Love you.” He got  up, wincing a little as he moved closer, taking much care to not disturb the sleeping baby and kissed his cheek. Once, twice, moving closer to his lips and kissing them too. He sighed over his mouth, smiling against it. It has been a while since he kissed him, but he suddenly had the urge to, even though it was a bit depressing when he never returned it. He kissed his lips again, pressing into it more, pushing all his feelings into it, love, happiness, hope but also sadness that lingered. “I miss you..” as soon as he whispered those words against his lips, they were suddenly moving against his, kissing back albeit weakly. ‘What the hell?!’ He gasped in shock, a shiver running through his body as he backed away. He watched Jin’s eyes open lazily, blinking at him then smiling. “Hi..” “Ehu..!” An unintelligible sound escaped his lips as his body shook. ”Am I still dreaming..?” “Why do you keep.. saying that.” Seokjin chuckled lowly, his voice thick and hoarse with unuse. “Oh my god!” He slapped a hand over his mouth, trembling and shaking as shock, exhilaration and fear that he was hallucinating went through him. Could it be? “Y-y-you..”  He swallowed thickly, moving his shaking hand to touch his hand, which squeezed him back as soon as they touched. “Are you.. real?” “Yes baby.. I’m back. I promise I’m never leaving again.” Seokjin moved his hand towards his lips, kissing it gently. Taehyung burst into tears then and there, relief, happiness and elation all washing through him like a river. He couldn’t believe it, it was a miracle! His loud sobs and cries stirred his baby, who erupted into wails of her own. But he couldn’t stop it, his tears were uncontrollable. The room was filled with his and his daughter’s cries as Seokjin gently tried to comfort them, not knowing what to do for them both.  “Why are you crying! Taehyung is she hurt?” He asked in alarm, trying to get up but was too weak to do so. Taehyung shook his head, not speaking as sobs continued to escape him. He was so overwhelmed, it was just too good to be true. He pressed on the buzzer and the doctor came, gasping as he saw the commotion. “He’s awake?!” He called his nurses quickly and they all cluttered to help, some bringing a bottle for the baby and the others helping the doctor with his tests on Seokjin, others informing their families. Taehyung calmed down for a bit as he fed his baby, he wanted to hold Seokjin so bad but he waited until the doctor finished his tests, declaring him all fine, just needing some physical therapy to get back the power in his muscles.  A nurse came and took his daughter to clean her up. “Aren’t you going to give me a hug?”And he immediately jumped over Seokjin, wrapping him up in the tightest hug “I love you I love you I missed you so much, don’t you dare do this to me again.” He cried and babbled into his arms while he chuckled at him, dropping kisses over his head. “I’m so sorry. Sorry. I love you too, I love you the most.”  “My dream came true.. it’s a miracle.” He looked at him, smiling tearfully and wide as his heart thumped in his chest in pure elation and joy. All the aches were gone, he felt like he was floating and he understood now when people said they were ‘on cloud 9’, that was exactly how he felt! “It wasn’t a dream though, I really talked to you.. but you were too tired.” Seokjin smiled in endearment. “You did so well baby, you brought an amazing gift into the world.”  “I-it wasn’t?!” He grinned sheepishly, wiping his tears. “Yes, I can’t wait to raise her with you.. I almost thought I was gonna do it alone.” He pouted, tearing up again. “I’m here now love.” He pushed his hair behind his ear gently, hand lingering on his soft cheek. Taehyung attacked his face with kisses, kissing it everywhere as the alpha laughed at his delight. “Welcome back, my Seokjin. My loveliest alpha.” He kissed his lips, smiling into the kiss and feeling him smile back as they both laughed, nuzzling their noses and foreheads together.



Chapter End Notes
They’re finally reunited!! After a long road  they’ll be happy now <3Tell me what did you think?Btw this is the last chapter, there’s only an epilogue left and we’re done! I can’t believe it T.T this was my first fic and my baby, I can’t believe I’ll say goodbye to it soon.Thank you all so much for reading and those who were with me from the beginning or even the end, your support and encouragement meant the world to me, I wouldn’t have done it without you! <3 you made it so enjoyable for me to write and I dearly hope I was able to bring you enjoyment too even just a bit <3 Please tell me your thoughts, love youu <3<3Ahh one last thing, I noticed that all the other chapters didn’t have italics... I used italics a bit when there was flashbacks or thoughts but they never appeared bec I copied wrongly I guess lol, I freaked out when I realized T.T I’m sorry for that... I realize it would’ve been a different experience so I will edit them again soon :(


Epilogue
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Seokjin hummed to the soft music playing in the kitchen as he removed the freshly baked cookies from the oven. He smiled at the perfect chocolate chip cookies, taking a deep breath of their sweet smell that wafted through the kitchen. ‘Hmm Sarangie will love this.’ He figured a sugary breakfast wouldn’t be too bad just this once, because he missed her.
 
His daughter was still sleeping, he was away on a business trip for the past 2 days and had returned late the day before. Although he had been welcomed by Taehyung yesterday already, his daughter had already fallen asleep. It was his day off and Taehyung had a photoshoot so he was excited to spend the day with his beloved Sarang, just the two of them.
 
He shook his head as he remembered how workaholic he was before, and how now he couldn’t wait to finish work everyday to come back to his family. He even took advantage of his power as the law firm boss and took 3 days off. His business was more flourished and he had more employees so he could afford to do that, although he still handled the bigger cases, with Hoseok and Jungkook as his right hand men.
 
4 years ago after he woke up from his coma, his father had taken him into a tight hug, apologizing to him profusely and promising him to make it up for him. He released him from his promise and gave him his blessing to do what he wanted.
 
And so he got closer to his parents, they adored baby Sarang so much and were always visiting them, and once they got to know Taehyung they were also charmed by him. His father especially was very attached to Sarang, holding her the entire time and speaking to her softly or playing with her whenever they visited, Seokjin couldn’t believe that the alpha was his cold and hard father, but he was happy his angel Sarang could melt her grandfather into a better and gentler man.
 
Taehyung, on the other hand, began working as a freelance photographer after finishing his courses. It suited him since he had his own hours and could usually stay with Sarang, as they didn’t hire a baby sitter.
   
“Sarang, darling, it’s time to wake up.” Seokjin shook her shoulder gently, watching as she blinked her large brown orbs, so identical to his own, open and gave him a wide sleepy smile. 
 
“Daddy!” She put her small arms up, making grabby fingers at him and he picked her up, hugging her tightly. “I missed you daddy.” She gave him a wet kiss to the cheek and he laughed at her, ruffling her hair. “I missed you too baby. Have you been good for papa?”
 
“Yes! I slept early and I even ate the apser- apsar-gus.” She frowned as she tried to formulate the word, but couldn’t exactly remember it. “The yucky green thing!” she huffed.
 
Seokjin laughed at the frustrated baby “It’s asparagus love. You did great!”
 
She beamed at him “Did you get me a present like you promised?”
 
“Of course! Come on let’s eat breakfast first then I’ll give it to you.” Seokjin smiled at her pout, knowing she was impatient to receive it already.
 
“Aww don’t be sad Sarangie, I made you pancakes and cookies! But it’s a secret, don’t tell papa we ate all those sweets ok? Shh.” 
 
The girl giggled happily sticking out her pinky finger for her dad to entangle with it in a promise. 
 
“I promise daddy. Shh.” She whispered and he laughed at her serious expression, kissing her head and putting her down to walk towards the bathroom, helping her in brushing her teeth and combing her hair.
  
“Wait daddy! Can tete eat with us too?” She grabbed Jin’s pants and tugged, for them to go back.
 
“Sure. Do you want jinjin too?” Seokjin handed her the tiger plushie that was slightly worn out, smiling as he remembered his and Taehyung’s first date. It was Sarang’s favorite toy plushie now, she went everywhere with it, and couldn’t sleep without it, no matter how many other toys she got she always preferred tete.
 
“No, only tete.” She hugged it to her chest, nuzzling into it.
 
Seokjin pouted a bit “Sarangie don’t you like jinjin?”
 
“I do but tete is my favorite.”
 
“But jinjin has daddy’s name, why isn’t it your favorite too?” Seokjin asked, acting as if he’s sad.
 
She giggled “Sorry, tete is cuter daddy!” 
 
Seokjin smiled giving up the act, “I agree. Did you know daddy was the one who chose Tete? I won him in a very hard contest, just for you!”
 
Sarang gasped, looking at him in awe “Really?!” 
 
He nodded proudly and she ran to give him a hug, wrapping her small arms around his neck tightly. “Daddy is the best!” He grinned at the compliment.
 
“Now let’s go eat!”
   
“Yumm.” Sarang hummed as she munched on her cookies, moving her head   from side to side in happiness as Seokjin watched her, affection bubbling in his chest at the happy baby. He really was wrapped around her finger. 
 
“Daddy can I ask you something?”
 
“What is it sweetheart?” He asked as he gathered the empty pancake dishes and put them in the sink, then filled her a glass of milk to go with her cookies.
 
“Why don’t I have a brother?” She asked in a pout.
 
“Hmm?”
 
“Mingi has a brother and they play together and have fun all the time! I want a brother too.” She huffed, Mingi was her best friend at kindergarten.
 
Seokjin chuckled “I’ll have to talk to your papa about it.”
 
“I asked papa yesterday and he said to ask you.”
 
Seokjin’s eyebrow raised “Oh really.” 
 
She pouted “Papa said if you agree, you’ll get me a brother. Please daddy, I want to play with him like Mingi.” 
 
He didn’t know Taehyung wanted another child, he was actually planning to speak to him about extending their family..
 
“Of course I agree baby.”
 
“Really?! Can we buy him tomorrow?” She squealed, clapping her hands and Seokjin laughed, ruffling her hair.
 
“No Sarang we can’t buy him. He needs to grow up first and then we’ll have him here.. it’ll take some time.”
 
The girl slumped at her chair, shoulders down and pouting, her earlier excitement gone. “But..”
 
Seokjin patted her hair softly, hugging her “Be patient ok?” He wanted her to feel happy again and distract her.. he remembered he still had the present he got. “Ah! It’s time to give you the present!” 
 
Sarang looked up with lit up eyes, mood changing in a heartbeat and grinned at him. ‘Here it is, the boxy smile I adore so much.’
 
Although Sarang looked just like Jin, she took Taehyung’s smile, much to Seokjin’s delight. And so he did his best to always see that boxy smile on both their faces.
  
“Ta-da!” Seokjin showed her the butterfly hair clips he got, their wings were made with pretty lace and they each had a unique shape and color. Sarang has always loved the delicate creatures so when Seokjin saw them while looking for a gift for her, he immediately knew what to get.
 
“Butterflyy!” She squealed jumping up and down, her eyes glittering with excitement “Daddy put it on me! Put it on me!” 
 
“Okay darling, stay still.” He chuckled amused as she immediately stilled and waited for him with the widest smile.
 
“Which one do you want?”
 
“This one.” She chose the purple butterfly with soft pink edges and Seokjin clipped it on the side of her hair. She quickly ran to the mirror to see how it looks.
 
“Soo pretty.” 
 
She looked so cute, touching the butterfly constantly and looking at the mirror in wonder, smile so wide and filled with joy that Seokjin’s heart almost burst.
 
“Shall we go to the park so you can see the real butterflies?” Seokjin leaned down next to her, looking at their similar faces in the mirror. 
 
“YES!” 
  
—————
   
Taehyung entered the house by afternoon,  getting attacked by his running daughter upon entering. “Papaa!!” She squealed as he hugged her into his arms tightly, kissing her cheek, her happy giggles filling the place. “Hi baby!”
 
“Did you enjoy your day with daddy?” He asked, smiling gently and pushing a strand of her flying hair behind her ear. 
 
The girl nodded her head eagerly recounting the day’s events as he listened attentively “We went to the park! I saw the butterflies and- and one standed on my hand! I think she likes me!” 
 
Taehyung gasped and she was pleased at his reactions “She definitely does!”
 
“And daddy got me butterfly clips look-“ She bent her head a bit showing him the perfectly visible butterfly, that Taehyung had already seen yesterday.
 
“Wow! It’s so pretty Sarangie just like you.” He opened his mouth as if in amazement and she beamed at his reaction, giggling in delight.
 
“Yes! And daddy made me cookies and pancakes but it’s a secret shhh.” She made a gesture with her finger over her mouth, whispering the last part.
 
“Ahh Sarang!! I told you it’s a secret!” Seokjin came in, hearing what she said and shaking his head in exasperation.
 
“Oops.” Sarang giggled sheepishly, and Taehyung raised his eyebrow at him. “It was just this once! Because I missed my Sarang.”
 
“Fine at least she had fun, right baby?” 

Taehyung took her into his arms again, and she gave an excited “YES.”
 
“Hi babe.” Seokjin kissed his lips in greeting, with Sarang between them. “Me too, me too!” She wriggled in Taehyung’s hold, “I want the Sarangie kiss!”
 
“Aww okay! Ready? 1,2,3.. mwaah” Taehyung counted and they both leaned down, each kissing a cheek of hers while she giggled happily in between them. Their daughter adored the ‘Sarangie kiss’ and Taehyung’s heart melted every time they did it for her. 
 
“We love you, our Sarang.” He smiled softly as Seokjin hugged them both, doing a little family hug.
 
“Lobe you too. Sarang is sleepy..” a large yawn took over her small mouth and she rubbed at her eyes, nuzzling her face into Taehyung’s neck and sighing when she found a comfortable spot, her breathing calming. It was time for her nap.
 
“Let’s get your to bed baby, papa must be tired from work.” Seokjin took her from Taehyung who smiled at him in thanks.
  
“I don’t want bed daddy, I want to stay with youu!” Sarang whined and pouted into his hold, hugging his neck tightly when he tried to put her into the bed.
 
“Alright love, I’ll let you sleep in daddy’s arms. But just this time ok?”
 
She nodded her head vigorously and smiled, closing her eyes contently and dozing off, her gentle breathing hitting his neck. Seokjin sat on the couch and adjusted her, letting her sleep against his chest as he waited for Taehyung to change and freshen up.
   
Taehyung changed into his oversized cherry printed pajama shirt and paired it with shorts, sighing as he slipped into the comfortable cotton. ‘I wonder how he will react..’ he was buzzing with excitement, but tried to be cool to not show anything to his mate.
 
 He smiled when he saw Sarang sleeping in her father’s arms, while Seokjin hummed a soft tune for her, running his fingers through her hair. ‘So adorable.’ He always loved how gentle Seokjin was with their daughter.
 
“I swear she’s gonna be so spoiled because of you.” He shook his head but was still smiling in endearment.
 
“How could I say no to those cute pair of eyes! It’s an impossible feat.” Seokjin groaned dramatically as Taehyung giggled at him, joining them on the couch and cuddling next to him.
 
“Poor alpha, she has you wrapped around her little finger.” Taehyung patted his cheek in fake sympathy.
 
“She has this magical effect on all alphas, I don’t know what am I gonna do when she grows up..” Seokjin sighed, it wasn’t clear yet because she was so young, but she was very charming and softhearted and they both predicted she would be an omega like her papa... although she would later surprise them.
 
“How was your day, babe? Missed you.” Seokjin wrapped his free arm around his mate, and leaned forward to kiss his lips. Having them both into his arms felt like heaven for Seokjin.
 
“Hmm good.. the photoshoot went really well, the couple loved the concept I chose for them.”
 
“Of course they would, you’re a genius.”
 
“Oh stop, you’re so biased.” Taehyung rolled his eyes but his cheeks pinked at the compliment.
 
“Anyways and then I went with Jimin to his doctor’s appointment, his baby girl is in good condition. It isn’t much longer now until she’s here..” Taehyung hesitated a little but Seokjin brushed it off as worry for his friend’s impending birth.
 
“Ahh that’s good. Finally those 2 are gonna have a child.”
 
“Yeah, Jimin says Namjoon is so excited he keeps buying every baby item he sees in front of him.” They laughed at that and Sarang stirred at the noise.
 
“We need to be quieter.” Seokjin whispered, and Taehyung patted her back gently making her drift off to sleep again. She usually didn’t mind sleeping through their chatter, it comforted her and they got used to keeping it a bit quiet for her. 
 
“Speaking of children.. Sarang told me she wants a brother.”
 
“Oh really?” Taehyung acted nonchalant about it.
 
“Yeahh you told her to ask me.” Seokjin raised his brow in question.
 
Taehyung gave him a small smile, “I wasn’t sure what your response would be..”
 
“My love if you want another baby just ask, I was gonna talk to you about it anyway, but Sarang beat me to it.” Seokjin chuckled, his hand caressing Taehyung’s cheek whose smile grew bigger.
 
“So you don’t mind extending our family a bit more?”
 
“Of course not, in fact I would love to. I want to have a big family with you.. I was just waiting for you to be ready.”
 
“Me too. I always wanted a big family.”
 
“Then let’s do it. Starting from tonight we’re gonna practice until your next heat.” He smirked, claiming his lips in a hungry kiss that Taehyung stopped with difficulty before it led to a heavy make out session in front of their daughter.
 
He laughed breathlessly “Behave, your daughter is sleeping. Besides we don’t need to practice.”
 
“Yeah I know we’re amazing already but it doesn’t hurt to practice more.” Seokjin grinned.
 
He gave him an incredulous look “What do you mean ‘more’ you don’t let me rest for a day, I still haven’t forgiven you for leaving me sore this morning!” 
 
Seokjin laughed at his huff and kissed him again, nibbling at his lips and whispering teasingly against them “That wasn’t what you said last night when I-“
 
“Shut it! Don’t say another word in front of Sarang.” He sat on his knees and put a hand over his mouth, glaring down at his amused gaze.
 
“Okay okay.” He laughed removing his hand.
 
“As I was saying.. we don’t need to practice and we don’t have to wait for my next heat because it won’t come..” Taehyung bit his bottom lip, looking at him from under his lashes.
 
“What? Are you saying..”
 
He nodded, smiling bashfully “Yes! I’m pregnant, surprise!” 
 
Seokjin whooped with joy, grabbing his face and kissing him deeply, throwing his head back and laughing into the kiss in elation. “Oh my god! We’re gonna have another baby!”
 
“Hmm.” Sarang whined and fussed, frowning at the loudness. 
 
“Sorry Sarangie sorry.” Seokjin comforted her, with a large grin still on his face and Taehyung giggled. His heart was warm at the sight of his mate so happy, he was nervous about how he’d receive the news but turns out his nervousness needn’t exist.
 
“Since when did you know? Why didn’t you tell me?” Seokjin squeezed his hand, intertwining their fingers together, and bringing it up to his lips to kiss it gently.
 
“Well I wasn’t sure because it’s still at the very beginning but I suspected a little.. I confirmed with the doctor when I went with Jimin.” Taehyung smiled sheepishly. 
 
“It’s because I forgot to take the pills after my last heat, when Sarang got sick remember.” Sarang always spent the days of his heat with her grandparents, but that time she got sick and had a high fever that wouldn’t break out for days, they spent them in constant worry, nursing her back to health and with continuous visits to the hospital.
 
“Yeah..” Seokjin hugged his daughter closer as he remembered those terrifying days.
 
“Yeah so I was a bit nervous about your reaction, because we didn’t talk about having more kids, so I didn’t say anything, and then Sarang said that and I wanted to know what you thought first.” 
 
“Well I think I’m the luckiest alpha in the world. I love you so much, Taehyungie, and I can’t wait to have a big happy family with you, and filling our house with more angels like Sarangie. You gave me everything I wanted in life, so much love and joy that I never dreamed I would have.”
 
Taehyung’s heart skipped a beat, it never got tired of hearing his mate say that he loved him, no matter how much time passed. Happiness was a constant for him now when before, he didn’t even know what it meant..

“I love you too, Jinnie. I never dreamed about it either.. but you changed everything.” 
 
He leaned forward and kissed him, Seokjin’s mouth eagerly responding and kissing him with vigor, releasing all his feelings into the kiss. He licked at his lips, tongue asking for permission but Taehyung broke the kiss, holding his cheeks and smiling at his pout.
 
“Finee but tonight I’m gonna show you how happy I am.” Seokjin huffed and Taehyung giggled at his pouty alpha. He pinched his cheek and then kissed it before nuzzling his face into his scent gland and cuddling into his arms again. “I can’t wait, my love..”
   
—————-
   
Sarang laid down on her stomach, her legs moving up and down absently as she watched the two babies peacefully sleeping in front of her, their small chests rising and falling rhythmically.
 
 “Sarangie those are your brothers, didn’t you want one to play with? Now you have two!” 

 W
as what her daddy told her when they brought them home one day after her papa didn’t feel well.
 
She sighed in dejection, “Daddy said you have to grow up first before you play with me.. but you’re still the same!” She sighed again, it had only been a month but for her that was too much.

“Grow up alreadyyy, I waited so long!” She whined.
 
She poked one of their bellies with her small finger gently, but he didn’t even budge. “Why do you both look the same? Papa said you are ‘twiinss’ but I don’t know what is this?”
 
“You sleep so much..”

“Are you going to stay babies for a long time?”

Again no reply from either of them.
 
“Fine.. papa says I’m your big sister and I need to protect you, so don’t worry I will protect you, you just have to play with me and listen to me ok?” The 5 year old looked at the babies sternly, but she knew they won’t reply.
  
“Sarangie? What are you doing?” Taehyung came in to the sight of his sleeping newborns and their sister in front of them, talking to them as she often did. It brought a smile to his face, how protective she was of them without even realizing.. she watched them all the time and always came running to tell him if one of them fussed or cried. Although she complained about not being able to play with them he knew she loved her brothers.
 
“I’m keeping them company.”
 
“But.. they’re sleeping baby.”
 
“I know. But they might get lonely if they sleep without me.”
 
He chuckled “Okayy just don’t talk too loudly so you don’t wake up Youngjae and Youngmin. I need to get some things ready for the picnic and I finally got them to sleep.”
 
“Yayy picnic! Are we gonna see the butterflies? Is uncle Yoongi coming? Can we take my brothers too?” She asked, not even breathing between her questions as excitement enveloped her.
 
“Woah slow down! Yes, yes and yes.” She squealed loudly at his affirmation, jumping up and down on the bed in excitement and Youngjae instantly whimpered letting out a frustrated cry at being woken up, which woke up his brother and made him also cry out so it turned into both of them screaming their lungs out.
 
“Nooo Sarangie, I told you!” Taehyung shook his head and resigned himself to another bout of cries until they fall asleep. ‘Why why did it have to be twins, double the cries, double the tiredness, ughh.’
 
She pouted and sat down with guilt “I’m sorry papa I didn’t mean it..”
 
He sighed, his heart not bearing to see his baby sad when she was just now excited for their outing. “I’m not mad darling, I know. Papa is just tired.” 
 
She nodded with her bottom lip protruding “Shhh shhh my brothers, papa is tired please don’t cry.” She patted them on Taehyung’s arms but they never stopped.
 
“Sarangie go call your daddy please.”
 
She immediately got up and ran outside, her little feet patting against the floor as she yelled “Daddy! Daddy, the babies are crying again!”
 
Once Seokjin came, he could easily rock one baby into his arms until he calmed down, while Seokjin did the same for the other, finally getting them both to sleep again.
 
“Papa.. was I also a baby like them?” Sarang whispered, she couldn’t control her curiosity but she spoke softly to not irritate them again.
 
He chuckled, he was used to the endless questions from his daughter already, it never seemed to end. “Yes, even smaller than that. You were the tiniest baby.”
 
She gasped “Whattt!” She put a hand over her mouth in a loud display of shock “But how can anyone be smaller than this?”
 
“Did I also cry loudly a lot??” She gasped again when Taehyung nodded. “Everyone did.”
 
“Even you?” He nodded, “Even daddy?!” Another nod.
 
Seokjin snickered softly as he watched them, his daughter was too curious for her own good. She wanted to know about anything and everything. 
 
She sighed in resignation. “I hope they grow up quickly, they’re so loud.”
 
Taehyung laughed at that “You just want to play with them huh?”
 
“That too.” She gave him a sheepish grin.
 
“But... when they’re sleeping and not screaming they’re cute I think.” She ran a finger over the sleeping baby’s face, it was sooo soft!
 
Seokjin and Taehyung exchanged fond and amused smiles at their daughter, as she continued speaking softly to the babies.
 
“C’mon Sarangie lets get you dressed for the picnic.” Taehyung watched as her eyes lit up again and she wriggled out of the bed, buzzing with anticipation. He put the baby on the bed and took her hand.
 
“You too babe, get dressed. We don’t want to be late.” Taehyung gave Seokjin a peck on the lips who smiled and nodded, also going to put the sleeping baby Youngmin next to his brother.
 
“Papa can I wear the butterfly clip too?” 
 
“Sure honey.” He patted her soft brown hair, smiling softly. She loved the butterfly clips the most, it’s a good thing Seokjin chose high quality ones or they would’ve got broken by then.
   
They did arrive in time for the picnic, they actually were one of the first ones to arrive. It was a bright sunny day with the gentlest breeze caressing the green grass covering the field, only Yoongi and Jungkook were waiting at their usual picnic place, with packed food packages around them as they chattered.
 
“Uncle Yoongi!” Sarang squealed as soon as she saw the alpha, removing her hand from Seokjin’s hold and running towards him who opened his arms for her, laughing happily as he hugged her tightly.
 
“Precious butterfly.” She giggled at his nickname, “I missed you uncle Yoongiii!”
 
“Yes,she wanted to come visit you for the last two weeks but Taehyungie and I were busy with the babies.” Seokjin chuckled as Yoongi cooed at her. He was too soft for the girl, just as many others were.
 
“Aww butterfly, tell your dad to give me a call and I’ll be there to take you whenever you want.” She beamed and nodded hugging him again.
 
“Saraangg what about me? Didn’t you miss uncle kookie too?” Jungkook held her hand, pouting and asking for the little one’s attention.
 
“No I only missed uncle Yoongi.”
 
“Ouch.” They laughed as Jungkook held his heart dramatically acting hurt.
 
“Uncle Yoongi did you see my brothers? They’re ‘twinss’ because they look the same!” She excitedly told him, gesturing with her hand to the baby cart.
 
“Aww they’re so cute Sarangie.”
 
Taehyung laughed at way his daughter kept telling Yoongi all about them, and how the older alpha was listening intently, hanging on to her every word.
 
Seokjin and Jungkook were engaged in a work conversation and soon the others joined them, Hoseok with his mate and Namjoon and Jimin with their daughter. 
 
Taehyung’s heart was filled with warmth as they all ate and chatted, laughing together and sharing funny stories about the kids, Jungkook complaining about not being a favorite uncle when Jimin’s daughter preferred to stay on hoseok’s lap, and Seokjin. Just Seokjin taking care of him and quietly feeding him like it’s in his nature, and Taehyung felt grateful.
 
He was grateful for them all, for giving him the happy family he always dreamed of. Never expecting to be this happy one day. 
 
He smiled softly as Seokjin laughed at a joke he just made, moving closer to his mate and resting his head on his shoulder, sighing in contentment. 
 
“Babe? You feeling okay?” Seokjin asked curiously, wrapping his arm around him and pulling him closer.
 
Taehyung nodded, “Yes. I feel perfect.” And he was. He was perfectly fine, perfectly happy, he was with the love of his life and the people he loved the most, he didn’t need anything more at that moment.
 
Seokjin kissed the top of his head, whispering an ‘I love you’ in his ear before continuing his talk with Namjoon. 
 
Taehyung smiled, cheeks pinking and heart thumping at his random confession. 
 
‘Yes, I’m loved..’




Chapter End Notes
THE END.Ahh I can’t believe this is really the end... it has been 3 months since I began this little story which turned out longer than I thought heh. I never expected to get this much support and love, I’m not a writer by any means.. I just love taejin so much and wanted to contribute something for them <3 but taejinnies are the sweetest, your support for me since the beginning was what made me finish it and write with happiness. I love you all so much and appreciate you so so much, thank you from the bottom of my heart. <3I hope you enjoy this little epilogue, I tried to show their domestic life with their baby Sarang and later with their twins Youngjae and Youngmin, their names mean ‘prosperity’ which I thought fitted hehe. Tell me what you thought and if you have any questions <3I’ll be writing more soon, because I enjoyed it so much so hopefully I’ll see you soon lovelies stay safe <3



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



