



Flash - Yikes - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Flash
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/12733140.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Min Yoongi | Suga/Park Jimin
Character:
Min Yoongi | Suga, Park Jimin, More added as story progresses, Kim Namjoon, Jung Hoseok, Kim Taehyung, Kim Seokjin | Jin, Jeon Jungkook
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe - Soulmates, Soulmate-Identifying Timers, Time Travel, im back on my bullshit, this will have a happy ending, an.gst? never heard of her, homophobia but not used as a plot device, theres only homophobia so i can write about yoongi verbally kicking their asses, rated T until ch 6
Series:
Part 1 of
Flash and Related Drabbles
Stats:

        Published: 2017-11-15
          Completed: 2017-11-20
          Chapters: 6/6
        Words: 7111
      

Flash
by Yikes (CoralFlower)
Summary
On Min Yoongi's fifteenth birthday, when the timer appears on his wrist, he's... Well, to put it mildly, he's confused. He thinks maybe he's reading it upside down at first, but no, the letters labelling years are right side up. After that he stares at it for a solid minute, watching the numbers count down in sheer disbelief.Yoongi's timer tells him he will meet his soul mate in just under four hundred years.
Notes
IMPORTANT BACKGROUND INFO:in this version, the timer counts down to the first time you hear or read your soulmate's name, not the first time you see themyoongi really was wearing only underwear when jimin first met him, sourcethe first half-ish of this chapter is set during the joseon dynasty, which solidified korean social class and clans and a bunch of other stuff you can read about on wikipedia. this takes place during the early 1600s.one more thing: there's stuff that's not fully explained in this chapter but i have it all figured out dont worry. if you dont get it thats ok




Introduction and Setup
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




On Min Yoongi's fifteenth birthday, when the timer appears on his wrist, he's... Well, to put it mildly, he's confused. He thinks maybe he's reading it upside down at first, but no, the letters labelling years are right side up. After that he stares at it for a solid minute, watching the numbers count down in sheer disbelief.Yoongi's timer tells him he will meet his soul mate in just under four hundred years.Which makes no sense. It just doesn't track. And he's the only one in his clan with a number so high. When his father sees the number his face twists, and Yoongi looks away. They don't talk about it after that, and Yoongi starts wearing bracelets to cover it up. Whenever he checks, it still counts merrily down; 391 years, three months, four days, and eighteen hours until he will meet his soulmate. Yoongi starts to wonder if maybe he's broken. Six long years pass. Yoongi continues to grow older, and his timer doesn't skip a single minute. He's honestly quite glad he wasn't born a woman, as he'd have been shamed by now for finding no one to marry. At the same time, he glances at other men, and can't help wishing... But that's beside the point. Yoongi is 21 when it happens. Something in the sky lights up, and then everything gets brighter and brighter until suddenly, he is somewhere else. It's definitely a room, though unlike any room Yoongi has ever seen before. There is a full wall made of a flat, clear substance, and Yoongi immediately concludes that he is in the domain of something very powerful, because the ground is visible through the perfect window and it is far away.There's a sound, and Yoongi turns to see a door open, and a man stands there, some sort of rolling case pulled behind him. He's looking over his shoulder as he comes in, and Yoongi notices that his case looks very well crafted, sleek and unblemished. He must be someone high class, to afford something like that. Then the man turns to face forward and catches sight of him, and that's when Yoongi realises he is wearing nothing but his underwear. The man's mouth drops open, and Yoongi almost falls over himself in his rush to apologise, saying,"Sorry, sorry, sir, to intrude in your domain, I am not here intentionally and if you could tell me the way back to Hanyang I would be glad to return with all due haste.""Uh-- Hanyang, that's-- isn't that the old capital under the Joseon Dynasty? Yeah, this is Hanyang, it's called Seoul now-- how are you in this apartment?""Seoul--" Yoongi shakes his head. "I don't know how I got here. I was looking at the sky, I saw a very bright light--""Wait, wait, what's your name?""Min Yoongi, sir--""Holy fuck," the man says, staggering over to lean against the wall. "You're Min Yoongi, you're practically legend-- I'm Park Jimin--"And something starts beeping.



Chapter End Notes
i've already started on chapter two but i probably wont bother to proofread and post it if nobody comments, so if you want more just let me knowi respond to every comment i get even if you dont have an account!


Met
Chapter Notes
Chapters will be longer from now on! That was just an introduction to guage interest in this fic. The first poem in this chapter is one i just made up as i wrote.the really long thing yoongi quotes is from the song So Far Awaythe shorter quote about misfortune and happiness is from the song The Lastbackground info:Sejong the Great was a really important guy in korean history who wrote a book about farming and invented hangul, the korean writing system, which is so simple and well-designed that i can sound out korean words after about a half hour of practice three days ago. hangul made literacy universal across social classes.so when taehyung jokes and says he's sejong the great, it's like someone sarcastically saying, "yeah, and i'm the queen of england."the first manchu invasion happened in 1627 for convoluted political reasons that i don't understand, but it's something to do with the joseon dynasty giving weapons to people the manchu were fighting. the reason isn't relevant to this fic, i'm only bringing it up so you guys know it's a legit thing that happened in history.also i gave up on honorifics this chapter because id rather write than worry about using them wrong.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Yoongi looks down at his wrist to see that his timer has reached zero, and it hits him that somehow, three hundred and eighty five years have passed without him noticing. Park Jimin is still talking, saying something about a mysterious disappearance."Wait, start over, Jimin, I don't understand.""You're very well-known, because your timer showed a ridiculous time and then you disappeared during the Manchu invasion. Everyone figured you were kidnapped, but-- wait, did your timer just--"Yoongi nods, suddenly distracted by the shape of Jimin's lips, and Jimin seems to be having a similar problem, because he swallows abruptly. "I'll need to talk to someone else about this. This is so wild, I mean I learned about you in school and you seemed pretty cool and now you're here-- you're incredibly gorgeous, do you know that?"Yoongi's eyebrows raise, and he doesn't answer, leaving Jimin to cough awkwardly into his hand and take a rectangular flat... thing, out of his pocket. He does something to make it shine with light, and Yoongi's eyebrows shoot up even higher. "What's that?""Just a moment, Yoongi, I-- yeah, hello, Namjoon, there's a man in this apartment in only underwear, says he's Min Yoongi. Oh, and his wrist timer just went off when I told him my name-- yeah, I heard it myself... he says he saw-- Yoongi, what did you see before you got here again?""A lot of light.""Yeah, he says he saw a whole lot of light and then he was here-- were you wearing clothes, Yoongi, when you saw that light?""I was, yes.""Oh, I'm being rude-- Namjoon, can I call you back? Thanks."The light in the rectangle shuts off, and Jimin stows it back in his pocket. "Would you like to borrow some clothes?""Yes, that would be lovely of you, Jimin." Yoongi replies, falling back on his well-ingrained manners in the face of an unfamiliar situation. Jimin lays his case down on the floor and kneels down to pull on something that makes an absolutely horrible sound. Yoongi winces. The case is full of clothing, and Jimin takes out a blue shirt and some grey pants, which Yoongi puts on in a rush, putting his bag to the side.Just in time, because a different door opens and two more men enter the room. Both of their wrists are conspicuously empty, so Yoongi assumes they must be soulmates from how they act around each other. Which has interesting implications, if people rich enough to afford a weird clear wall can be two men who are soulmates now."Who's the extra," one says. "I'm Park Jimin, I'm the new member, and this is--""Min Yoongi," you say, and the two men burst out laughing. "Yes, of course, it's nice to meet you, Yoongi, I'm Sejong the Great," says one, the same one who asked about the extra. There's no way he's older than 19 or 20, and Yoongi frowns. "It's my name, what else do you want me to say. I don't even know how I got here, or--""Min Yoongi, it's an honour," starts the other, "Can I see your timer?"Yoongi glances at Jimin and says,"It actually just ran out."The two are taken aback for just a moment, and then the first says,"Oh, you're serious.""Wait, what year did Min Yoongi disappear," says the second. "What did his timer say at the time?""Three hundred and eighty five years, five months, one week, one day, and twelve hours, approximately," Yoongi says. "I wasn't asking you," he replies, and Jimin looks nervously at Yoongi, who keeps his face blank and stares back."Shit, you're right though. Uh, what year did he... Hm, the math checks out perfectly.""Does this mean I can't be an idol anymore?" Jimin asks the room, quietly. "I mean, if he's my soulmate, it means I have a soulmate--""If he's really Min Yoongi, if the company finds some way to prove it, it won't matter that the two of you are a pair. People will be all over you anyway because you're gorgeous and so is he."Jimin flushes, and Yoongi glares at the man who called him gorgeous, finding himself surprisingly jealous over a man he just met."Oh, I should introduce myself. I'm Kim Taehyung. Sorry about the joke earlier."Yoongi doesn't respond, just looks at Taehyung and then looks away. If he's four hundred years old, at least it means everyone is younger than him and has to respect him. "I'm Jung Hoseok," says the other man, the one who asked to see Yoongi's timer."Good to meet you, Hoseok.""Ah, how did you get here again?"Yoongi doesn't even dignify that with a response, instead turning to Jimin and asking,"What's an idol?""It's like... a celebrity, someone everyone knows of and everyone likes, and most of the time you can't be an idol if you have a soulmate--""No, that can't be right," Yoongi argues, shaking his head. "Everyone hates you if you have no soulmate.""But people don't want to see idols with other people--""Don't they have their own soulmates?"Jimin shrugs uncomfortably. "It can also be dangerous, if someone knows your timer count and admires you obsessively," Taehyung adds. "But that's a secondary concern.""Dangerous how?""Once someone tried to fake being soulmates with an idol because everyone knew when her timer would run down. Put his name up all around her house and everything."Yoongi is struck silent, and he revises his earlier impression that Taehyung and Hoseok must be soulmates, because they apparently can't be."So how are people going to know that... that I didn't do that with... with myself? God, this is confusing.""Did you bring anything with you besides underwear?" Jimin asks, flushing when Taehyung and Hoseok look at him questioningly."I have my bag... That's all," Yoongi says, picking up his bag and holding it close."They've found artifacts," says Hoseok suddenly. "Drawings, journals, they're in museums. And the full contents of most of your journals haven't been released to the public yet. If you could remember what you wrote in some of that, you could prove it.""My journals are in museums."Hoseok coughs. "Er, yes.""I know why it hasn't been released," Yoongi says, "it's because I write about boys more than girls, and my poetry is... well, it's very suggestive, and difficult to write off as something platonic... I never thought anyone would read--" He cuts himself off, and bites his lip, suddenly distressed at the idea of anyone reading his journals. "How much do people know about? How much is available?""Here, I'll look it up," says Taehyung, getting out one of the rectangles. Yoongi finds himself very close to panicking, and turns to Jimin, who reaches for his hand as soon as he sees Yoongi's face. Yoongi shuts his eyes, and focusses on breathing."Okay, here's your most famous verse: 'I'll look into your eyes/ and feel along the skies--'""Oh, stop, no, stop right there. You're joking with me again.""No, it says so right here, 'we'll melt together like birds of a feather--'""Stop! I wrote that when I was fourteen, that can't be my most famous verse. I can outdo that right now without even trying.""I've always liked that one," Jimin says quietly. "Especially when I was fourteen.""It's terrible.""I like it," Jimin insists. "It's simple and genuine, I even have a shirt with--""You want simple and genuine, I'll quote you something I wrote a couple weeks-- or centuries ago, apparently.""You don't have to," Jimin says. "No, do it!" Taehyung encourages him. "It certainly can't be any worse.""Okay."Yoongi takes a deep breath, shuts his eyes, and recites,"My friends, even my family are getting farther away/ As time goes by, I'm becoming more impatient/ The feeling of being on my own/ I am on my own right now, I want everything to disappear/ I want it to disappear like a mirage/ I want my damn self to disappear/ Like this, the world throws me away/ In that moment I'm getting farther away from the sky--""Stop," says Jimin. "That's beautiful, it really is, but-- Yoongi, you did disappear. You disappeared for more than three hundred years.""If my misfortune is your happiness, I'll happily stay unfortunate," Yoongi says with a smirk."Damn," mutters Taehyung. "That's really good.""Why do the people need idols," Yoongi asks, suddenly curious again. "Don't they have to work, or whatever it is that peasants do?"Taehyung cracks up, and even Jimin seems to have trouble holding in his laughter. Yoongi isn't angry with him, though, because he can see his smile now and it makes him want to giggle, too."There's not any peasants now, Yoongi," says Hoseok. "Um, I don't remember how social classes worked back when you disappeared, but I'd assume it's probably very different.""Joseon society was heavily stratified," Jimin pipes up. "It's probably the reason our language has honourifics, actually. You see,""How do you know so much about the Joseon dynasty, Jimin," asks Hoseok, and for some reason, Jimin blushes."I just think it's interesting.""It's literally the polar opposite of interesting," says Taehyung. "It's so boring. It's the worst.""Fine, I think it's bullshit and I'm so glad I'm alive now instead of then, are you happy, dickhead?""Very," says Taehyung, with a self-satisfied smile.There's a knock at the door, and then another man comes in. "Hey. Hoseok, Taehyung, Jimin. And you're the one who says he's Min Yoongi?"Yoongi nods. "I'm Kim Namjoon, leader of BTS and the guy who's job it'll be to find out if you're telling the truth.""Nice to meet you," Yoongi says. "Is it true my journals are in museums? And that my most famous words are from that horrid poem I wrote about feeling along the sky?"Namjoon nods, and Yoongi grimaces, changing the subject."What are the rectangles everyone has?""Phones. They're for communication and entertainment.""And memes," interjects Taehyung. "And memes," agrees Namjoon, rolling his eyes."What are memes?"Taehyung gasps dramatically, and Yoongi looks to Jimin for reassurance."We'll explain everything, don't worry."



Chapter End Notes
please comment if you enjoyed! i respond to every single comment i get even if you don't have an account. i've started on a third chapter, but i'm getting into a very tricky place in my nanowrimo story, so i probably won't have this quick of an update again unless i slack on that. you can look forward to sleepy jimin and complaints about modern technology in the next chapter tho.  my writing process


Sponge
Chapter Notes
okay, you're getting this chapter early because the archive is gonna be down tomorrow night and i dont wanna try and work around the downtime. this chapter's background info is just that rm sucks at cutting onions, see this video at 30:05.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Namjoon teaches Yoongi how to use a phone, and at that point, it's getting dark and Yoongi is exhausted. There's also a strange aching in his chest, and he hasn't seen Jimin since Namjoon started giving him a lesson in basic phone usage. That was five hours ago. He's getting grumpy.Yoongi is ready to sleep, but before he can ask where to sleep, the apartment's main door opens, and two other men walk in carrying bags of food. They set the bags down on a stone countertop and begin to store the food away in cabinets. They're pretty noisy about it, and soon Taehyung and Hoseok file in to see what's up. Jimin comes in after them, rubbing sleepily at his eyes, and when Yoongi sees him the tightness in his chest immediately goes away, and he feels this weird impulse to smile. Jimin does smile when he sees Yoongi, and curls up next to him on the couch, and then Yoongi smiles too, because he just... he has to. Namjoon comes in, offering to help cook, and the older of the two directs him to cut an onion. He starts to try to cut it with the blunt edge of the knife, and Yoongi stands up in horror. The younger of the two men notices Namjoon's mistake and points it out to him. "Thanks, Jungkook."But even once he turns the knife over, he has such a hard time that Yoongi goes over and takes the knife out of his hands, batting him away from the onion. "You're going to hurt yourself."He starts to cut the onion, and the older man turns around in confusion."Oh, is this the new member?""No," says Namjoon, "Actually, this is--""Call me Suga," Yoongi says quietly, not in the mood to deal with more disbelief. He went by Suga for the first fifteen years of his life anyway, just like everyone went by a placeholder name until their timer appeared so that nobody would lack a timer due to already having heard their soulmate's name."I'm Kim Seokjin. Thanks for helping with the onion. Do you know how to cook?"Yoongi nods, and Seokjin hands him a frying pan. "Would you mind heating up some oil for the potatoes?"Seokjin turns back to work with some meat, and Yoongi finds himself holding a frying pan, tasked with the most elementary cooking job he can think of, and he's stumped, because there is no fire here. He looks at Jimin questioningly, hoping for some kind of cue, but Jimin has fallen asleep on the couch. He's adorable, but not particularly helpful like this. "Ah..." says Yoongi. "I can cook, but I don't know how to-- to use any of this." He gestures at the shiny silver cabinet and the flat black square set into the counter, and Seokjin turns back around to look at him confusedly."What, you don't know how to use a stove?"Yoongi shakes his head, feeling like a small child, and Seokjin takes the frying pan back and tells him,"I can teach you."Yoongi shakes his head no again; he prefers to learn new things out of sight of others, because when people see him mess up, he has a harder time fixing the mistake."Where are you from, Suga?""Hanyang," Yoongi says, because it's true and because he can't very well name a different place if everything else has different names too, now."Oh, what's it like there?""Like here," says Yoongi, "But nothing this high up, and we cook with fire and ovens like civilised human beings, not... warm red circles." He glares at the weird black square with its strange protrusions, and wonders how it could possibly heat a frying pan."Did you grow up without electricity, then?"Yoongi doesn't recognise the word, so he infers that it must be something he didn't grow up with. "Entirely, yes. None of these fancy clear windows, either.""How'd you find your way here, Suga?"Yoongi sighs. "Something to do with destiny." He looks at Jimin, asleep on the couch, and a small smile appears on his face. "Damn, Seokjin, you got him talking," says Taehyung, and Yoongi finds that he's suddenly irritated. "I was talking earlier, too, just not to you."He hears Namjoon snort behind him, and decides he'd rather rejoin Jimin on the couch than subject himself to more of these shenanigans. He sits down next to him, and Jimin snuggles up against him, opening his eyes sleepily to smile, and Yoongi smiles back again. "Oh, there's the new guy," says the younger of the two who came in with food, the one Namjoon called Jungkook. "Anyone know his name?"Jimin sits up, yawns, and says,"Park Jimin. You?""Jeon Jungkook."Jungkook seems shy, and he looks very young."Oh, is that dinner," asks Jimin. "Yes," says Seokjin. "We usually just eat take out, but I decided to cook tonight to welcome you to the apartment.""Take out?" Yoongi asks. "Food from a restaurant," Namjoon says, and Yoongi makes a face, because he doesn't know what a restaurant is either. He doesn't ask, though. "A restaurant is a business that makes food to sell to people," Jimin murmurs, apparently very perceptive even though he's tired. "Either expensive food for rich people who don't want to cook, or cheap, gross food for busy poor people. Take out is almost always the latter."Yoongi nods, but now he's more confused, because if these people are poor, why do they have the clear wall and the phones? And if they're famous, how are they poor?"That smells amazing," Jimin tells Seokjin, looping an arm around Yoongi's waist and snuggling closer to him. Yoongi is almost jealous that he's complimenting someone else's cooking, but then he remembers that he just met this guy and that Jimin called him gorgeous earlier. "Will you be joining us, Suga?" asks Jungkook softly, and Yoongi shrugs. "Yeah, we've unfortunately got some business to discuss," says Namjoon. "I know it's Friday, but this is important, so fair warning that I don't want to hear any complaining."Taehyung immediately says, "Aww, man, but it's fun to complain," and Jimin calls him a dick again. Dinner does smell quite good, and Yoongi decides maybe it's worth staying awake to eat after all, especially if Jimin will be there. So when everyone sits down at the table, he sits by Jimin.When everyone's gotten a good start on the meal, Namjoon turns to Yoongi and asks him,"Okay, are you ready to tell these two who you are?"Yoongi catches Jungkook looking at him curiously, but Seokjin is doing a remarkably good job of acting normal. "No," he says, and Namjoon frowns."I can, if you don't." "I'm Min Yoongi," Yoongi says, glaring at the table."...What," says Seokjin. "I did a project on you in school," says Jungkook.



Chapter End Notes
please leave a comment if you enjoyed!this is the second to last chapter, and chapter four will include a timeskip. i gave myself a limit of four chapters for this fic because ive only completed one multichapter fic in my life and i wanted to keep this one manageable.


Proof
Chapter Notes
yall i lied this actually isnt the last chapter WHOOPS. theres like maybe one or two more after this lol. ive abandoned my nanowrimo for thisalso: yoongi is like a cross between william shakespeare and aaron burr's daughter in terms of his importance in history in this fic.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Yoongi may not care about Jungkook's school project, but he does care about where he sleeps that night. He mentally prepares himself to fight each person in the room as dinner ends, but it doesn't end up being necessary, since there are enough beds for the seven of them. Jimin comes to Yoongi's bed in the middle of the night, saying he couldn't sleep, and even if Yoongi weren't having the same problem he would've still scooted over to make room.Yoongi yawns and puts his arms around Jimin's waist, pulling him close and asking,"This alright?"Jimin nods, and Yoongi whispers in his ear,"You're very cute when you're tired, by the way."Jimin elbows him, but not hard enough to hurt, and Yoongi smiles.Waking up together is awkward but still feels good, and Yoongi decides that actually he doesn't mind awkwardness too much. The kitchen smells like something aromatic, and Jimin perks up when he smells it, and asks,"Who's making coffee?""Me," Taehyung replies. "What's... coffee?" asks Yoongi. "It's bitter and disgusting but it gives you energy," Taehyung says."Ask if he wants some," Seokjin murmurs, and Taehyung complies with an eyeroll,"Want some?"Yoongi nods, because he's always liked bitter things, and Taehyung pours him the first glass in a bright red mug. Yes, coffee is good, Yoongi decides, when he takes a sip and he can feel that there's something weird about it. The atmosphere in the apartment is sort of uncomfortable, probably because Yoongi hasn't yet conclusively proven that he is who he says he is. But Jimin is fully awake now, and he smiles at Yoongi a lot, and that makes him feel less out of place.The next week passes by in a whirlwind. There's supposedly some sort of technique that will let them verify the age of his bag (which for some reason looks four hundred years old now, along with its contents), but it'll take a long time to find someone to test it, and until then, Yoongi isn't allowed to touch his stuff. In the meantime, Namjoon decides to test his potential as an idol or lyricist, and he spends almost all of each day memorising and reciting lyrics. He's good at it, he can tell, but he doesn't know if he's good enough.Jimin assures him that he is, and Yoongi smiles at him even though he doesn't believe it. "That's kind of you to say, Jiminnie.""I mean it. Namjoon is just going through the motions, you're one of the most well-known poets in Korean history."Yoongi still isn't used to that idea.Namjoon tells him that if he can dance, he'll do his best to get him in the group, and Yoongi says that of course he knows how to dance."This dancing is wildly different, Yoongi. Here, Jimin's probably practicing right now, let's go watch him."Jimin dancing is utterly indescribable. Yoongi only knows that his face heats up and his mouth goes dry, and he wants to be touching Jimin right now.Yoongi doesn't know if he can move like that.He learns, though, working hard alongside Jimin, who he doesn't mind messing up in front of quite as much as he thought he would. All the other members have started doing video logs (which Yoongi still doesn't understand) to get people excited for the debut, but they're keeping him secret because they aren't sure if he'll be ready in time. He works as hard as he ever has, breaks down at midnight in the kitchen with Jimin (and discovers ice cream, which is god), and works some more. At some point in there the other members take him to a real kitchen, with fire and an oven that makes sense, and Yoongi almost cries in relief. He hasn't cooked since he found himself in the future, because he feels silly asking how to use the stove and the oven, and he misses it. He squeezes Jimin's hand and turns to Seokjin, who is smiling at him. "Go on," he says. Yoongi starts cooking, showing off just a little bit, and he's not as skilled as Jin, but he is still more than proficient, and when Jimin moans after tasting the fried rice, Yoongi thinks he's never been this happy before. "Guess you weren't just pretending after all," says Taehyung with one of his signature boxy smiles, and Yoongi levels a glare at him that actually makes him wince.(When Yoongi learns that there are videos he can watch to learn how to use the stove on his own, he does so immediately, and surprises everyone with breakfast one morning. It's very gratifying.)When Yoongi is introduced to the fans, it's just with the name Suga. And for some reason, people get very excited about that. There's speculation about what his real name could be, with joke guesses ranging from memes to his actual name.Yoongi writes down all the poetry he can remember writing, and works on assembling it into lyrics, changing some words here and there, but keeping enough word for word quotes that it should serve as proof for many people if they can get it verified with the museums that have his journals. Jimin helps, and Yoongi writes some new poetry just about him. And then the debut happens, and it's stressful, and ridiculous, and at every single meet and greet the fans ask the same question: what is Suga's real name?They also start to catch on to the fact that he and Jimin are soulmates. There's one memorable instance where a news channel honours the 386th anniversary of Yoongi's disappearance right after the newscaster condemns "that one bangtan kid, Suga," for being obviously, openly with a man, and it hurts for a moment, but then Jimin starts laughing, and Yoongi remembers that these people are wrong.He gets letters from gay fans telling him that he's helped them feel better about themselves, and he doesn't really know how to respond, but it makes him feel good to make a difference. A few months after their debut, Namjoon gets word that Yoongi's bag has been accepted as worth carbon dating, which is exciting, but there'll be another two weeks until they can actually test it. During those two weeks, Yoongi makes references to his own unreleased work in interviews, and directly quotes it whenever he can make it sound natural. He's getting tired of going only by Suga, because it makes him feel like a child.The carbon dating results arrive, and confirm that Yoongi's bag is about the right age to be his bag, which isn't enough proof on its own, but it's a step forward. And then a private collector announces that he'll be releasing the contents of one of Yoongi's journals to the public, most likely provoked by his constant references to passages in other journals. Unfortunately, it's the journal he wrote when he was fourteen, and Yoongi hasn't referenced that one quite as much because he doesn't like it and because it was longer ago, so he remembers less.But if Yoongi knows anything, he knows that he does not want that journal to be released to the entire world. It's none of their business. So he tells Namjoon that he wants to reveal his identity before the release, so he can try to keep it from happening. They'll be on a late night talk show just before then, so it's agreed that Yoongi will speak up about halfway through to reveal his name. During the show, the host makes pointed comments about Yoongi and Jimin's relationship, doing his level best to convey as much shame as he can, and Yoongi smirks inwardly, knowing that in just over an hour, he'll have these people grovelling at his feet. It's sooner than that, actually, because the host asks him if he's ready to tell everyone his name yet, and Yoongi answers with a smirk,"I think so, yeah."The studio audience freaks out, and the host laughs, saying,"You were just waiting for someone to ask again after we all gave up, weren't you."Yoongi shakes his head. "No, I wanted to do it tonight anyway. But, before I tell you guys-- Taehyung, will you hand me my bag-- careful-- thank you."Yoongi holds up his bag, well aware that it looks older than everyone in the room, and says,"This is all I had with me when I arrived in Seoul this past June."Everyone is silent, wondering where he's going with this, as he sets the bag on the table and takes out a sheet of paper. "And here is the certificate from Beta Analytic dating this bag and everything in it to between 600 and 200 years ago.""What," says the host. Yoongi takes his journal out of the bag, and addresses the camera. "I want you to keep that in mind when I tell you guys, okay?"He pauses, and then leans over to kiss Jimin on the cheek in a deliberate move of defiance before staring back at the camera and saying,"My name is Min Yoongi."



Chapter End Notes
please comment if you liked this!! i respond to every comment i get whether or not you have an account. literally people commenting a ton on ch. 2 is the reason therell be another chapter after this, if i dont get comments i just dont writealso important question: if i did a full-length chapter of just yoongi responding to questions from fans would yall like that or should i not bother


Out
Chapter Notes
The rating of this story has changed! This chapter still stays in the T rating, but next chapter will have some mature content. I figure I should give some advance warning.Because those who commented liked the idea of Yoongi responding to questions, I put a fair amount of that into this chapter in case anyone who was looking forward to that has to stop after this one due to the rating change.I wasn't sure how to format the Q&A part of this chapter, but when you get there, every new line is a different tweet, and you can assume that all of the questions were asked by different people; it's not like a conversation. The reason Yoongi signs them is that he's using Jimin's account.Side note: I have chapter titles now!  this chapter contains references to violent homophobia and a character who says homophobic things.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"Now, you don't mean to imply that you're the Min Yoongi, do you? I mean you have his-- his things and the journal he took with him when he disappeared, but you're just one of his descendants, right? And you were named after him?"Yoongi quirks an eyebrow at the host and counters,"Does it matter?""I-- yes, it does, you can see why, right?"Yoongi shakes his head, inviting the host to continue. "Well-- you know, just-- If you're-- Min Yoongi wasn't--""Wasn't what," asks Jimin innocently, "And how would you know, anyway, it isn't like you're his soulmate."The studio is uncomfortably quiet, and Yoongi rolls his eyes exasperatedly, says,"Just say it. If you believe it, say it. Coward. Here I am risking my reputation to openly be something you can't even admit to hating. When I was a child you'd have been condemned simply for hesitating this much to condemn me. Why won't you just say it? Nobody seemed to have any problem saying it before, when I was just Suga, that one bangtan kid."The host laughs nervously, and says diplomatically,"It's really not prudent--""It never has been. It wasn't prudent when my father ruined my brilliant cousin's social standing and life because he was with another man, it wasn't prudent when I learned that if I let anyone close enough to find out, that would be me, none of the stories I've heard of what's gone on in the time I missed have been prudent. None of what you've done is good. Do you want to know why I think you won't say it? It's not because you're afraid or intimidated, it's because you know you're wrong."He's got a cornered look in his eyes now, and as he signals for a commercial break, Yoongi stands. Jimin makes a disappointed noise at losing his armrest, but stands up too, asking Yoongi where he's going. "Out. I need to cool down before we come back from commercials.""I'll go with you," says Jimin.During the five-minute commercial break, Yoongi watches over Jimin's shoulder as he checks his phone. Twitter is very excited, full of people asking if he's serious and wondering if the impending release of one of Yoongi's journals is part of the reason for the reveal. Yoongi asks if he can reply to some of the questions, and Jimin hands his phone over, tucking his feet up onto the bench to lean into him. 
are you telling us your name because of the upcoming journal release?

Yes. I hate my old work and I don't want anyone to see it. -Yoongi

was min yoongi the guy that disappeared or whatever like four hundred years ago

Yes. -Yoongi

will you use any of your old verses in any songs?

I already have. -Yoongi

does that mean suga wrote that feeling along the sky poem cus i hated that one in school

I hate it too. I wish no one had ever read it. I'm so deeply sorry for what you've been through. -Yoongi

wait how old is suga then

I was born hundreds of years ago but I am 21. My belongings aged but I did not. -Yoongi

jimin what's your favourite thing about yoongi

My favorite thing about Yoongi is his kind, beautiful, and accommodating personality. -Definitely Park Jimin
"That's not even a lie, though," Jimin says, laughing, and Yoongi laughs too. 
how did he learn how to use a phone so fast

Jimin helped. -Yoongi

how did yoongi even get here if he's from 400 years ago

I know more about electricity than I do about that. -Yoongi

i wonder if yoongi has written any poems about jimin

I write fifteen entire verses whenever Park Jimin so much as blinks. -Yoongi
And so on. When the break ends, Yoongi hands Jimin's phone back, and a different host takes the old one's place, a lady who looks very excited to be there. She introduces herself and apologises for the other guy's behaviour, and Yoongi smiles, makes a nonchalant comment about how it's not her job to apologise for him.The rest of the show goes smoothly; the new host asks Yoongi why he isn't on social media yet, and he says,"I don't know how to join it.""Well, we can help you make one!"Yoongi shakes his head, but everyone else thinks it's a great idea, and he resigns himself to an uncomfortable half hour of awkward missteps. Jimin notices his discomfort, though, and says,"We should let the other members have some of the spotlight, I can help Yoongi with Twitter while they answer questions."Yoongi smiles at Jimin gratefully, and Jimin beams back. "Okay," murmurs Jimin, "Has anyone gotten you an email address yet?"Yoongi shakes his head no, and Jimin walks him through that process and then helps him set up a twitter account, teaching him what all of the things mean that it asks for so that he'll be able to set up accounts for other things on his own. By the end of the show, Yoongi has a twitter, and it's with a smirk that he announces his username to the host;"I've made a twitter. It's @minyoongay.""Thank you guys so much for being here," says the host. "Yoongi, if you could say one thing to your fans, what would you tell them?""Well, I can say a lot of things now, right, with the twitter? No, I know what you mean. I would say that you can be happy, you can follow your dreams no matter who you are or who you love. And if your dream is to follow in my footsteps and tell off a homophobe on national television, the only thing standing in your way is my own personal dream of getting every homophobe fired. Transphobes too."Jimin starts clapping, and then others join in, and suddenly there's (almost) an entire studio full of people cheering for the idea of firing bigots, and it's one of the most powerfully emotional moments Yoongi has ever experienced. He smiles almost as huge as Jimin and thanks the host, and then it's over. The world knows now.



Chapter End Notes
I've written chapter 6, and it will be posted tomorrow, but I haven't started a 7th yet and I am out of ideas. If you want to see more from this story, or you have an idea, let me know in the comments! I respond to every comment I get, even if you don't have an account.Next chapter will be the last chapter unless I get more ideas.


Response
Chapter Notes
last chapter. got some mature content, starting just after the musical instruments question and ending at the next question after that. q&a format is the same as last chapter. enjoy.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Twitter is very loud that night. There's tons of people quoting what Yoongi said, and Hoseok tells him that it'll probably be quoted for years to come. Yoongi doesn't mind this time, because he feels that he phrased it well.There are a few historians asking Yoongi if he'd mind clarifying the statement about his cousin, and Yoongi doesn't know if it's a test or not, but he tells them that his cousin never had a timer, and about what his father did in the most general terms possible, because even though he witnessed it himself, it's not the world's business and his cousin's memory deserves better than that. The fans want to know more about how he's been settling in, and he mentions that he's learned how to use a total of five modern cooking appliances so far (oven, stove, microwave, toaster, coffee machine) and then there's a huge demand for footage of him cooking. He has Jin film him making ramen in the microwave as a joke, but everyone online compliments him so sincerely that he almost feels bad. I can cook for real, he tweets. That was a joke.Taehyung digs up an old video of him cooking back in that real kitchen from before the debut and posts it online, and that seems to satisfy them. Yoongi spends much of his time with Jimin, writing lyrics and spouting off a whole lot of sappy bullshit,"Your smile is like crystallised honey, as in I want to put my mouth all over it."Jimin laughs, and Yoongi leans in, but Jimin doesn't stop laughing, so Yoongi settles for just kissing him on the cheek. "I mean it, you're very sweet.""You're lovely," Jimin tells him, kissing him on the nose, and he laughs. He also responds to questions from fans on twitter when he feels like it, which isn't very often. 
yoongi what are your fave three things that you didnt have 400 years ago

1. coffee 2. Jimin 3. ballpoint pens

how do you like your coffee yoongi

Jimin has informed me you're asking what I like to put in it and I'm just appalled that anyone would add anything to coffee.

whats the best thing about jimin

He exists.

whats the second best thing about jimin

He's my soulmate.

third best thing about jimin

He smiles when he sees me.

yoongi if you had to choose between only seeing jimin in public and only seeing him in private which would u choose

I'd talk to him first and see what he wanted, obviously.

do you have a fave rap artist

That one Bangtan kid, Suga, is pretty cool.

who in bts is best at dancing

I like Jimin, personally.

whats been hardest for you to adjust to

The air. It's always full of different smells and debris. It used to be cleaner. I could also see more stars before.

what do you miss the most

I miss what it was like when nobody had ever read that feeling along the sky poem except me.

can you play any musical instruments?

Jimin is teaching me piano.
And then people want to see him playing, of course. He works hard both with Jimin and on his own, so that when someone inevitably decides to have him play piano on their show, he'll be ready. Jimin thinks his focus is cute, and likes to interrupt him with soft kisses along his jaw. "Believe me, Jimin," Yoongi murmurs. "If I could practice this and practice you at the same time, I would do so without hesitation."Jimin swallows, right by his ear, and makes a sound like he's thinking about it now. He slides off the piano bench and onto his knees between Yoongi and the piano, saying,"How about you play that and I play you?"Yoongi looks at Jimin, at his soft lips and soft hair and soft cheeks, and nods his consent. He hits a lot of the wrong keys in the next few minutes, and when Jimin is done, Yoongi pulls him up into his lap and kisses him messily. "Park Jimin, you dangerous man, I should sue you for damages," Yoongi says, pulling back. Jimin grins at him and says,"Is there any chance of you practicing me now?""I'll see what I can do."Yoongi reflects later that Jimin is beautiful doing anything and it's really not fair.
if you could change anything about jimin what would you change
Yoongi scrolls past that question, looking at the other end of the couch where Jimin is curled up under a soft pink blanket. He smiles. 
what advice do you have for kids who might be gay

Keep yourself safe until you have the resources to fight back, and please remember you aren't alone. There is nothing bad about your love.

on a scale of 1 to 10 how cute is jimin

Very cute. Which direction is your scale going?

why do u always use proper grammar and punctuation w no abbreviations

I am comfortable within one hundred and forty characters. If something is worth saying, it is worth saying concisely.
It's not a lie, but it's only part of the reason. The other half is that he can't take himself seriously unless he uses proper grammar; growing up, every slip was met with ridicule.
yoongi can you write a list of things youre good at until you run out of characters

I am good at writing in verse, using correct grammar, making Park Jimin smile, cooking food, and padding things out to meet a character limi

what are the three things youre worst at

im bad at saying sry, sleeping, fixing my mistakes, piano, learning new things, staying calm, cooking w the microwave, taking care of plants

fave thing about jimin's appearance?

I love his shoulders and his cheeks and his stomach, thighs, cheeks, jaw, neck, DIMPLES, wrists & how his hands move when he plays the piano

do you like being famous

I like being able to make things better for people like me, but the attention makes me tired and puts me on edge.

what was your reaction to jimin's part in the no more dream mv when he lifts his shirt up

I saw him doing it every time we practiced, so it wasn't a surprise. He's beautiful.

what does jimin do thats annoying

When I want Jimin to stop doing something, I talk to him about it. I don't air it out on twitter for the world to see. Stop asking this.

what makes jimin the best soulmate you could possibly ask for

He worries about me when I'm hurt and sits with me when I'm tired and he lets me help him out too. There's a lot of things.

whats the nicest thing jimins ever done for you

When he told me his name.
Jimin actually comes to find Yoongi and hug him when he reads that response, and his smile is brighter than the sun at noon in the summertime."I'm really glad I met you," he says. "I'm glad I met you too."



Chapter End Notes
it's over please comment hope you liked itedit: this story now has a companion drabble fic!! no plot, just fluffy bullshit, it's the next in this series! go check it out!



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



