



Forever We Are Young - TheOrgasmicSeke - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Forever, We Are Young
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/6678316.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Min Yoongi | Suga/Park Jimin, Min Yoongi | Suga/Park Jimin, Jeon Jungkook/Min Yoongi | Suga, Jeon Jungkook/Park Jimin
Character:
Min Yoongi | Suga, Park Jimin (BTS), Jeon Jungkook, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Kim Seokjin | Jin, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Kim Taehyung | V, Lee Jihoon | Woozi, Kim Mingyu, Jackson Wang, Kunpimook Bhuwakul | BamBam, Mark Tuan, Original Female Character(s), Original Child Character(s)
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe, Alternate Universe - I Need U & Related Videos, INUverse, Aged-Up Character(s), Minor Namjoon/Seokjin, Minor Hoseok/Taehyung, Minor Jackson/Mark/Bambam, Minor Jihoon/Mingyu, Birthday Party, Fluff, End of an era, Polyamory, Healthy Polyamory
Series:
Part 7 of
Love Is Not Over
Stats:

        Published: 2016-04-27
        Words: 11017
      

Forever, We Are Young
by TheOrgasmicSeke
Summary
Looking back on it, Yoongi couldn't believe he'd made it as far as he did. Back when he was cold and alone, on his dirty couch staring blankly at a TV with the will to live slipping through his fingers, he never thought he'd achieve everything he ever wanted. Back then, he never thought they would be alright.
Notes
Reading the drabble collection first might make it easier to understand this but at the same time, you don't have to.

          See the end of the work for more notes




Forever, We Are Young

Yoongi was woken by something fluffy and soft and a little wet pressing against his cheek. He grumbled under his breath for a moment, furrowing his brow as he peeked open an eye. The ball of white fluff that meowed at him tugged a smile to his lips but his mind was foggy, his eyes sleep heavy and he carefully pushed away the purring cat so he could sit up properly. Pushing the black framed glasses away from his face so he could rub at his eyes, Yoongi took a moment to remember where he was and what was going on.The comfortable arm chair he fell asleep on creaked as he shifted on it and there was a soft thump as the cat jumped to the floor, sticking her tail up at him for ignoring her. He wanted to laugh at her but there was lingering tiredness in his eyes and no amount of rubbing would get rid of it. She woke him up before he was ready to be woken up and even though that was probably best, he wasn't entirely happy about it.A yawn escaped his lips as he rose his arms above his head, stretching and wincing at the few cracks his bones made, rubbing at the back of his stiff neck. Falling asleep in the chair was a habit of his that never paid off very well. He always woke up with a crick in his neck that made his mood sour for the rest of the day. He continued to rub at that spot in the back of his neck as he picked up the open book that fell in his lap after he passed out and carefully closed it, sitting it down on the small table to his left.The air was warm, the sunlight beaming in from the white transparent curtains casting the living room in a golden glow, and as his hands curled over the arms of the chair, the fabric dug under his nails and reminded him he was awake, in the real world and no longer lost in his dreams.The light blue walls were covered in trinkets that made his heart thump every time he saw them, reminding him of his success and how all his hard work paid off. He gave them an appreciative glance, most of them settled above the fireplace in the corner of the room before he slowly pulled himself to stand up, wincing and groaning at the slight pain in his lower back from sitting slumped over for so long."Hyung? Are you awake?" A light, wonderful, beautiful voice called from somewhere in the house and as Yoongi rubbed at his lower back, he watched as the white cat strutted off into the kitchen."Yah." He called back, standing up a little straighter so Jimin didn't see him acting like the old man he'd always been.Jimin popped his head out from the kitchen doorway and greeted Yoongi with a bright smile, his cheeks bunching up and the corners of his eyes crinkling. There was a smudge of flour on his cheek and his black hair had a bit in it as well and he looked so freaking cute Yoongi wanted to kiss him. So he made his way over to his lover to do just that.Jimin stopped him from doing so however, pressing a hand against his chest as he looked him over, a hint of concern crossing his lovely face. "You fell asleep, didn't you?"Yoongi shrugged and dipped down just enough to capture those lips for a sweet kiss. "Happens.""You shouldn't nap in that chair. You always end up with a crick in your neck that makes you a grumpy puss for the rest of the day." Jimin pointed out, patting Yoongi's arm before slipping back into the kitchen. "Go lay down for a while. There's still a few hours before everyone will be here."Yoongi hummed but didn't do as told and instead cornered Jimin against the counter as the younger went back to mixing whatever the hell he was mixing in that large bowl. He slipped his arms around the younger's waist, holding onto him a little tightly as he hooked his chin over his shoulder. "Why are we doing this again?" He murmured, his focus more so on how those hands mixed vegetables than anything else.Jimin huffed, his plump lips puffing out in a soft pout and no matter how old any of them got, Yoongi would forever find that pout the most adorable thing he'd ever seen in his life. "It's your birthday, hyung."Yoongi narrowed his eyes as they shifted to the curve of Jimin's face, noticing the slight wrinkles at the corner of his eyes from all that smiling and laughing over the years. He wanted to kiss them. So he did just that, making Jimin smile fondly. "Just another day.""It's your 50th. It's important." Jimin argued gently.Yoongi crinkled his nose in slight disgust and dropped his eyes to Jimin's hands, watching those lovely fingers as he cleaned them off on a dish towel. "Don't remind me. I'm an old man.""You've always been an old man." Jimin teased lightly, sending Yoongi a warm smile.Yoongi made a noise in his throat of disagreement as he slipped his hands away from Jimin's waist to rub over his bare forearms and then wrapped their fingers together. "Where's Jungkook?""I sent him to the store." Jimin shifted to watch Yoongi as those pale elegant fingers smoothed over his tanned ones, twirling the ring on his left ring finger between his thumb and forefinger. "We need more rice, and since Tae is staying with us, we need more banana milk."Yoongi hummed. "When's everyone getting here?""A few hours. Go nap, hyung." Jimin twisted his hands around until he captured both of Yoongi's and brought them up to his mouth, giving each hand a soft kiss. "I'll wake you before everyone gets here." Yet, Yoongi still didn't move. And Jimin didn't make him. He seemed to enjoy the warmth of Yoongi's body all around his and he focused on Yoongi's hands in his own, playing with Yoongi's own ring, smiling fondly at the glinting silver. "Hayoon called while you were napping. They should be here before everyone else."Yoongi snorted softly, watching what Jimin was doing with their fingers. "Yah, tell your daughter she needs to visit more."Jimin laughed softly, leaning back into Yoongi's chest. "She's your daughter too.""When she doesn't visit for a year, she's your daughter." Yoongi grumbled, a frown curling to his lips."She's a busy girl. She's your daughter after all."Well, Yoongi couldn't argue that."Busan's not that far from Seoul." Yoongi countered."Hyung. Are you pouting?" Jimin's laughter always made warmth curl deep in his soul and as the younger twisted in his hold to face him a little better, Yoongi tried to whip the pout from his lips but from the way Jimin's smile brightened, he was certain he didn't do it quick enough. "If you miss her, just tell her yourself. Look at you. Getting all sentimental in your old age.""Yah." Yoongi pulled away from Jimin, giving his ass a good smack in retaliation. "You're the one married to this old man."Jimin giggled behind his hand, turning around to lean back against the counter, glancing down as Boosun curled around his feet, purring softly as she rubbed against his legs. "Have I told you happy birthday yet today?""Twice." Yoongi pointed out, crossing his arms over his chest.A smirk curled to those lovely lips. "Happy birthday, Yoongi."He shivered slightly at the tingle that shot down his spine. "Yeah, yeah."Jimin was laughing when he reached forward and gave Yoongi's hip a pat. "Go nap Mr. grumpy pants."Yoongi was tempted to stick his tongue out at the younger but opted not to. Instead he settled him with a look before he shuffled out of the kitchen, leaving Jimin to his cooking. He was moving through the living room and into the other sitting room, toward their bedroom, when the front door jingled and then pushed open, followed by a ruffled looking Jungkook. Yoongi paused, blinking, as the younger kicked the door shut and grumbled under his breath about obnoxious teenagers. Which was hilarious, when Yoongi thought about it, considering Jungkook used to be one."Yoongi." Jungkook's expression brightened as soon as his eyes landed on the grey haired man and Yoongi moved forward to take the paper bags from his lover's hands."Welcome back." He gave the man's cheek a kiss as he took the bags so Jungkook could kick off his shoes."Thanks." He flashed that adorable smile, teeth and everything, that made Yoongi's chest swell and then he took the bags from Yoongi, mumbling about how he shouldn't carry anything cause it was his birthday before hurrying off into the kitchen.Yoongi trailed behind because spending a little more time with his lovers before he had to share them with the world seemed more important than a nap."Oh, great! You're back!" Jimin grinned at Jungkook, giving his cheek a kiss as he took the bags from the taller. "Did you get everything?""Yeah, I think so." Jungkook settled against the counter, tugging his phone free from his pocket as Jimin started unpacking the groceries while Yoongi leaned against the doorway, watching them more fondly than he probably thought. "Hey, Jiminnie?""Mhm?" Jimin sounded distracted as he pulled items from the bags, checking to make sure Jungkook got everything he asked for."Did you invite Hoseok-hyung?"Jimin paused, his hand lingering in the air as he pulled the carton of banana milk from the bag and turned to look at Jungkook so slowly Yoongi thought something was wrong. "Of course I did."Jungkook's brow furrowed, his eyes still focused on his phone as he scrolled through it. "Did you maybe not tell Tae this?"Jimin blinked innocently a few times before he started moving again, putting the carton on the counter. "I told him I invited everyone. I figured Hoseok-hyung was obviously included in that."Jungkook's frown deepened and he rubbed a hand against his temple. "Did you maybe think to be more blunt with Tae about that?""What's going on?" Yoongi asked, bringing their attention to his presence.Jungkook let out a heavy sigh as he shoved his phone at Jimin, waiting for the other to take it and read what was in the screen. "Tae didn't know Hoseok-hyung was coming and now he's freaking the fuck out because I mentioned Hoseok-hyung was coming and he's still on the train and he's talking about jumping off at the next stop and turning back around to Daegu."Yoongi stood up a little straighter, glancing between his lover's as Jimin's face dropped, his eyes widening in concern. "Oh god, I wasn't thinking." Jimin mumbled a gasp, his eyes widening even more as he read Taehyung's messages to Jungkook. "All of us haven't been together in years, I didn't... I should call him.""Hold up." Yoongi pushed away from the door frame to approach them, taking Jungkook's phone from Jimin's fingers gently so he could read Taehyung's frantic messages. "Is he really still freaking out about this?""It's a sensitive situation, hyung." Jimin argued softly, the curl to his mouth not pleasant at all. Guilt was evident in his entire expression as he collapsed back against the counter. "I wasn't thinking. I just wanted all of us together for once. It's been so long.""It's okay. It's not your fault, Jiminnie." Jungkook was at his side instantly, slipping his hand over the back of Jimin's neck to massage gently, ducking in close to nuzzle against his cheek. "You just waned everything to be really nice.""I did. I do." Jimin nodded in agreement, dropping his eyes to the floor. "The seven of us haven't been in the same place for so long. I just wanted..."Yoongi grumbled, gaining their attention and they both watched with wide eyes as the elder dialed Taehyung on Jungkook's phone and then pressed it to his ear. Taehyung picked up before Jungkook could snatch the phone from his lover."Jungkookie!" Taehyung voice was frantic and Yoongi turned away from the surprised looks on his lovers faces. "What do I do?! What if-""First of all, shut up." Yoongi mumbled into the phone, quickly cutting off whatever Taehyung was about to say with a soft squeak of surprise. "Secondly, grow up." Yoongi sighed, running a hand through his hair. "It's been four years since you idiots separated and god fucking knows why you separated but it's my fucking birthday and you're going to come to my house, eat cake with me and give me a goddamn hug whether you like it or not.""Hyung..." Taehyung practically whined through the line."Don't "hyung" me, I'm serious. I'm sick of the two of you moving around each other like one of you is going to explode if you step the wrong way. Grow up. Both of you. Talk about this. I'm damn tired of dealing with you two crying and whining about shit that you can fix if you just talked to each other like fucking adults."Taehyung was quiet for a moment, his breathing a little heavy through the line and Yoongi waited patiently for him to respond. "Is he... He's been crying?"Yoongi groaned. "I fucking swear. What am I going to do with you two?" He was glad Taehyung couldn't see the fond smile curling to his lips. "Stay on that train, take a cab to my house and spend my birthday with me, Taehyung. Jungkook bought your favorite banana milk."Taehyung made a soft noise and when he spoke, Yoongi could tell he was smiling. "Okay, hyung. I'll see you soon.""You better." And Yoongi hung up without saying anything else, turning around to toss Jungkook his phone back who scrambled to catch it before it collided with the floor. "There. Problem solved. For now."Jimin and Jungkook glanced at one another before identical smiles split across their faces and heat curled up the back of Yoongi's neck. Jungkook moved forward, stuffing his phone away in his pocket before he grabbed Yoongi's face and planted a pretty damn wet kiss to his lips."Told you he was getting sentimental." Jimin mused."I will end you." Yoongi threatened without any bite.Jungkook laughed brightly, warmly, and manhandled Yoongi until the elder was being shoved out of the kitchen. "You haven't changed, Yoongi. Still as rough as ever.""Yah, brat, don't you start either."Jungkook's smile was everything right in Yoongi's world and when those lips pressed against his cheek, he found he couldn't really be mad at all. "Go nap, Yoongi.""Yeah, yeah." He leaned up enough to capture Jungkook's lips once more before he shuffled off toward their bedroom.He still had a few hours before everyone would be there and by everyone, Jimin really meant everyone. Jungkook was supposed to pick up his mother from the airport at some point, their daughter was coming from Seoul with her son, Taehyung was on the train from Daegu, Namjoon and Seokjin were coming from Seoul as well and Hoseok was flying in from Europe. It was just his birthday, nothing special as far as Yoongi was concerned but what made it special, was the whole group getting back together again. After so long.When his head hit the pillow, inhaling the mingled scents of his lovers, Yoongi fell asleep with a smile on his lips and warmth in his heart.
When Yoongi woke this time, it was from a soft excited voice calling out to him and the shaking of the bed. He grumbled about it for a moment, receiving giggles as he rolled over and stretched out on the large bed, blinking his eyes open when his fist made contact with something solid.Jisoo was kneeling on the mattress beside him, large grin on his little round face as he bounced on the bed, trying to wake Yoongi to the best of his ability."Hey, kid." Yoongi croaked, wincing at how worn his voice sounded and rubbed at his throat, taking his time to sit up properly."Happy Birthday, Harabeoji!" Jisoo threw his hands up in the air, grinning from ear to ear and it made Yoongi's chest warm."Yah, thanks, kid." He grinned as he reached for the five year old, grabbing onto his sides to pull him into his lap. "When did you get here?"Jisoo wiggled around in Yoongi's lap, his excitement pouring off him in waves and Yoongi vaguely wondered if the kid had chocolate already. He wouldn't put it past Jungkook; sneaking their grandson some candy."A few minutes ago." Jisoo answered, glancing around the bedroom. "Eomma told me to wake you up. The suns up, harabeoji!" The little boy giggled as he threw his hands in the air again. "So you should be up.""Wait till your my age." Yoongi mumbled fondly, lifting the boy up so he could place him on the floor. "Actually, don't. Don't ever grow up."Jisoo just grinned at him, that same beautiful smile he saw on Jimin's face almost every day. "But I can't wait to be big!" He opened his arms as wide as they could go. "Eomma says once I'm big enough, I'll get to ride the train all by myself.""Don't get any bigger on me, kid." Yoongi mused, ruffling that head of thick black hair as he moved to his feet, wincing at the slight crack in his lower back. "I don't think I can carry you anymore."Jisoo's pout was too adorable to ignore and when he reached up for Yoongi, the elder couldn't resist. He dropped down into a squat that he would probably regret later and Jisoo jumped on his back, thin little arms going around his neck so Yoongi could piggy back him. The boy giggled happily and Yoongi couldn't help but smile as he carried the boy out of the bedroom and into the main area of the house."See, harabeoji, you're not that old!" Jisoo giggled happily, making Yoongi feel just a bit younger than he actually was."Hyung?"The light voice caught Yoongi's attention and he nearly stumbled over his feet at the two men standing in the entryway of their house. Jungkook was there too, haven let them in, and when he saw Yoongi piggy backing Jisoo he just smiled and wondered back off into the kitchen where Yoongi could hear an assortment of voices. If Jungkook was there, that meant he already picked up his mother and why the hell didn't anyone wake him up sooner?"Hey. Thanks for coming." Yoongi put on a genuine smile, careful as he dropped Jisoo back to the floor so he could greet the two men at the door.Jihoon, he recognized immediately. The man barely looked a day over thirty, lucky bastard, and the smile on his lips was warm, his dark hair fanning across his face in an attractive manner. "Wouldn't miss it." Jihoon offered with a smile before stepping forward and Yoongi accepted the hug from his long time friend. "Happy birthday, hyung.""Thanks." The smile remained on Yoongi's face as they pulled back and the little body that pressed against his leg made him smile even more. "Ah, Jisoo, this is the only friend of harabeoji's you haven't met yet." He placed his hand on the boy's head and Jisoo smiled shyly up at Jihoon, who ducked down just enough to meet the kid's eyes. "This is Lee Jihoon, we've been friends for a long time. This is Jisoo, Hayoon's son."Jihoon's face lit up slightly and the smile he gave Jisoo was warm enough to make the kid smile in return. "Nice to finally meet you, Jisoo. Your harabeoji sends me pictures of you all the time.""Yah." Yoongi grumbled, slightly embarrassed.Jihoon just grinned and stood up straight while Jisoo tugged on Yoongi's pants legs. "Can I go play with Boosun?" His little finger pointed at the cat currently curled up on one of the chairs in the sitting room."Mhm. Tae-hyung should be here soon to play with you."Jisoo lit up at the idea, clapping his hands once before he ran off to disturb the cat who truly didn't mind.With Jisoo gone, Yoongi's attention was brought to the man standing beside Jihoon, tall, handsome, dark skin, brunet. It took a moment for Yoongi to recognize him and once those lips split into a smile, showing off fangs, Yoongi was almost surprised to see him."Mingyu." Yoongi offered his hand in greeted which Mingyu took with a grin, shaking it. "Nice to see you.""You two, hyung. Happy birthday." His grin was warm, and perhaps a little nervous, but he was holding himself pretty well.When they pulled apart, Yoongi gave Jihoon a glance that told the younger he had a lot of explaining to do but Jihoon ignored him, giving Mingyu's arm a squeeze as he slipped away from the two of them. "I'm going to go say hi to Jimin-hyung." And then he disappeared into the kitchen, leaving Yoongi and Mingyu alone."Well then." Yoongi hummed, turning back to Mingyu who was watching as Jisoo played with Boosun's tail gently. "Can't say I'm surprised to see you."Mingyu perked up, meeting Yoongi's eyes straight on though there was a soft flush on his cheeks and a nervous smile on his lips. "He didn't tell you?""No. Which is surprising." Yoongi shifted to rest his weight on one foot, crossing his arms over his chest. Even though Mingyu was a whole head taller than him, Yoongi hoped he looked intimidating enough. "We talk once a week.""It's... fairly new." Mingyu rubbed the back of his neck, looking like a shy little puppy and okay, Yoongi could totally see what Jihoon saw in him. But that didn't mean Yoongi was going to make this easy on him. It'd been years. "I wasn't sure about coming but Jihoonie insisted. I met his family a few weeks ago and he said this is his other family."Yoongi smirked softly. "His family is the easy part. His parents are wonderful. We're the ones you gotta worry about."Mingyu blinked but then he smiled, his eyes crinkling and sparkling. "You already know me though, hyung.""Yah, he's been in love with you for as long as I've known him. And that's a damn long time." He hoped his voice didn't sound too tough, but he was slightly concerned, even if Jihoon seemed happy. "Can't blame me for being wary."Mingyu shook his head, his eyes slightly wide. "No, I don't blame you. I just... I'll be good to him hyung, I promise.""You better.""Harabeoji!" Jisoo called, gaining their attention. "Can I pick her up?""Just be careful."Yoongi saw Mingyu smile fondly at Jisoo as the boy carefully picked up the white ball of fluff who immediately went limp in his arms. "Jihoon wants one. I'm starting to see why."For a moment, Yoongi wasn't sure if Mingyu was talking about the cat or his grandson but if that warm fond smile meant anything, he was sure he was talking about the kid. Yoongi sighed, relaxing his shoulders as he reached out to pat Mingyu's arm. "Go introduce yourself. He's shy at first but he loves making new friends."Mingyu grinned at him, all fangs and teeth. "Thanks, hyung." And then he shuffled off to Jisoo, dropping down beside him and the boy smiled shyly at him, taking the hand Mingyu offered in greeting.Voices were coming from the kitchen and Yoongi knew he had to at least be polite and say hello. After all, he recognized the light tinkling voice of his daughter and the longing to see her again made his throat a little tight. So, he left Jisoo in Mingyu's care, knowing the man was capable enough. Yeah it'd been years since he saw him but he had spent almost ten years around him during Seventeen's career so he trusted him enough.Jimin looked a little stressed when Yoongi walked into the kitchen and even though the space was rather large, it looked a little crowded with five people in it. His apron was covered in spots from his cooking and there was still flour in his hair but his smile was warm as he spoke with Hayoon, who was helping chop up some vegetables. Jungkook was standing to the side with his mother, speaking softly about something Yoongi couldn't hear along with Jihoon but when he entered, he gained all their attention."Appa!" Hayoon pulled away from Jimin to hurry to Yoongi, not hesitating to wrap the man up in a warm hug. "Happy birthday!""Thanks beautiful." He hugged her back just as tightly, savoring her warmth and flower scent. Man, he really was getting sentimental. "I'm glad you made it.""Wouldn't miss it for the world!" When she pulled back, she gave his cheek a kiss and immediately furrowed her brow, moving to quickly whip off the red lipstick she left behind. Her long dark hair was pulled back from her lovely round face and the dress she wore, stopping at the knee made her look even more beautiful than she already was. "Jisoo's been talking about it for months. He couldn't wait to come. I want to bring him back during the warm weather so we can all go to the beaches again. He really misses it.""We miss having you both around." Jimin pointed out, saying the words that Yoongi could never seem to."We'll try to come by more often." Hayoon smiled, that lovely beautiful smile that matched Jimin's before she pulled away from Yoongi, moving back to her task."It's a long way from Seoul for a busy single mother." Jungkook's mother pointed out, leaning gracefully against the counter beside her son and she sure as hell didn't look like she was in her early sixties at all."Jiyoon." Yoongi greeted, stepping up to her with a soft smile on his lips. "Thanks for coming.""Of course." She smiled brightly at him, opening her arms for a hug he was willing to give. She smelled of something expensive, but it was pleasant enough. "Happy birthday, Yoongi.""Thank you." She gave his cheek a kiss as well when he pulled away but it seemed her lipstick didn't stain his face like Hayoon's."Oh goodness, Yoongi." Jimin pulled away from the counter, cleaning his hands on his apron as he approached the elder, reaching up to mess with grey strands of hair. "You look like you just woke up.""I did." Yoongi pointed out, letting Jimin do whatever the hell he wanted while Jungkook snickered softly to himself."You're a mess." Jimin moved to flatten out the shirt Yoongi was wearing and sighed in defeat when the wrinkles remained. "I put out some nice clothes for you in the bathroom. Please change. And fix your hair. Before the others get here.""Yah." Yoongi batted Jimin's hands away from his body and gave a grunt of agreement. "I'm going, I'm going." He gave everyone a slight wave as he turned to leave the kitchen, noticing Jihoon bowing his head politely to Jiyoon before following after him."On a scale of one to ten," Jihoon started softly, following Yoongi as they moved into the main area of the home, the living room and sitting one the largest part of the entire house, split by a small open walkway that lead to the door. "How mad are you that I didn't tell you?"Yoongi hummed, pausing in the open hallway with Jihoon, glancing in the sitting room to see Jisoo and Mingyu on the floor, playing with one of the younger's action figures. "Not mad. Curious though. Why didn't you tell me?""Cause then it'd be real." Jihoon sighed softly, rubbing his hands together awkwardly as he glanced at Mingyu. "It doesn't feel real."Yoongi gave his shoulder a pat. "Looks pretty damn real to me. Don't fret so much. If it took him this long to realize his feelings, I doubt he's going any where any time soon."Jihoon nodded in agreement, meeting Yoongi's eyes with a soft smile on his lips before he bowed his head slightly and moved to join Mingyu and Jisoo. Yoongi watched them, moving toward the bedroom door near them, as Jihoon dropped onto the floor beside Mingyu and asked Jisoo all about the toy he was playing with. It was kind of cute, and made Yoongi smile fondly before he went off into the bedroom, shutting the door behind himself.The clothes Jimin set up for him in their bathroom weren't that bad. A little nicer than he wore recently, since he was retired, but they were comfortable. His hair was an absolute mess, like Jimin pointed out and he couldn't believe he greeted Jihoon, Jiyoon, Hayoon and Mingyu looking like that. Using some water, he fixed up his messy not so natural but sort of natural thick grey hair and washed the rest of his nap from his sleep puffy face.He changed into the warm black turtle neck sweater Jimin picked out for him and the form fitting black slacks that still managed to look good on him. He pulled on his old boots just for good measure and after putting his thick black framed glasses back on his face, he felt he looked more presentable for the party his lovers were throwing for him.When Yoongi left the bedroom, shutting the door behind himself, he noticed someone new settled on the floor with Jisoo, Mingyu and Jihoon. He smiled softly, catching Taehyung's attention and the brunet quickly bounced off the floor and nearly tackled Yoongi back against the door with his hug."Hyung!""Hey Tae." Yoongi laughed softly, giving the man a pat on the back as those arms tightened around his shoulders. "Good to see you.""Happy birthday, hyung!" Taehyung was grinning when he pulled away and though Yoongi could see that hint of worry in the corner's of his eyes, he still looked happy to be there."Thanks. You just get here?""Mhm." Taehyung's arm was a nice weight around his shoulders as he tucked Yoongi against his side. "I did what you told me to, hyung.""About damn time you listen to me."The doorbell rang and before Yoongi, or anyone else could move to get it, Jisoo shot up and ran for the door, yelling that he got it. Yoongi still followed after him anyway, Taehyung hanging off his shoulders like the monkey he would always be."Jackson-hyung!" Jisoo practically screamed in excitement."Yo! Jisoo, my little man!"When Yoongi and Taehyung rounded the corner, Jackson already had Jisoo in his arms, hugging the boy as he squatted on the ground. Jungkook appeared from the kitchen and settled himself beside Yoongi, giving Taehyung's back a pat in greeting that earned a boxy grin."Hyung, hyung, it's harabeoji's birthday!" Jisoo said excitedly, pulling away from the blond man to grin up at him.Jackson's eyes widened comically and the grin on his face made Jungkook chuckle. "Is it really? Well darn, I forgot to get him a present."Jisoo held his arms up. "That's okay! Eomma says we're his presents!"Jackson laughed brightly and ruffled Jisoo's head of black hair as he stood up. "Thank goodness for that." His eyes bounced up to meet Yoongi's and the grin on his face grew. "Hey, hyung."Jackson's attention shifted, Jisoo grinned and ran off to join Jihoon and Mingyu again. Yoongi managed to pull away from Taehyung long enough to get a hug from Jackson. "Hey, good to see you.""Happy birthday." Jackson gave his back a good pat before he pulled back, that grin bright on his lips as he nodded at Taehyung and Jungkook."Where's Bambam?" Jungkook asked, peering around Jackson through the open front door."And Mark?" Yoongi asked, shifting only slightly when Taehyung wrapped around his shoulders again."We ran into Namjoon-hyung and Seokjin-hyung at the train station so they went off with them to get the cake and stuff. I'm the welcoming committee." Jackson laughed brightly, motioning to himself."Is that Jackson?" Hayoon popped her head out of the kitchen and when she spotted the blond she practically squealed in delight, hurrying over to greet him with a big hug and a warm smile."Holy crap, look at you!" Jackson laughed brightly, twirling her around. "It's been ages."The two of them settled off to the side, chatting happily to each other and Yoongi moved to join them, noticing Jungkook moving into the living room to join Jisoo but paused when someone new wondered in through the door.Hoseok looked a little nervous, the smile on his lips not quite meeting his eyes but when he noticed Yoongi, it grew just enough to made the elder feel like everything would be alright. But Taehyung's arm around his shoulders tightened and he felt the brunet stop breathing just as Hoseok noticed him."Hey Hoseok." Yoongi moved away from Taehyung to greet Hoseok, giving the man a tight hug that was eagerly returned. "I'm really glad you came.""Of course, hyung." Hoseok's smile was still nervous, his eyes glancing at Taehyung every so often as he pulled back from Yoongi. "Luckily all our schedules lined up for this."It'd been over a year since Yoongi had seen Hoseok in person, the other much too busy with his traveling group to stay in one place for too long. It was good to see him. Really good to see him. "About damn time."For a moment, that sunshine smile came to Hoseok's lips, spreading across his face and showing off his teeth. "I miss you, hyung.""Miss you too." Yoongi admitted with a grunt, giving Hoseok's side a pat as he led him further into the house. "Go say hi to Jimin before he explodes."Hoseok nodded, lingering only slightly, his eyes on Taehyung before he disappeared into the kitchen to do as told."Hyung." Taehyung sounded like he wasn't breathing and Yoongi let out a soft sigh, moving to the brunet's side. "I can't-""Go put your stuff away in the spare room." Yoongi offered with a soft smile, motioning to Taehyung's bag by the door. "Take a minute, breathe, and come back when you're ready."Taehyung nodded with a little too much effort before snatching up his bag and hurrying off through the living room, taking the small staircase that lead to the spare room upstairs. Yoongi wanted to sigh some more, and maybe smash Taehyung and Hoseok's heads together because it was the first time the two of them had been in the same room in who knows how long and it was fucking awkward and Yoongi hated it. They were never awkward. Their group had never been awkward in their entire fucking lives and now it was awkward and Yoongi hated it."Harabeoji!" Jisoo called from the sitting room and Yoongi drug his attention to his grandson, shuffling into the room as Jackson and Hayoon followed along, chatting happily. "Will you sing me that song?" The boy scrambled to his feet, from where he'd been sitting next to Jungkook on the couch and hurried over to Yoongi with a hopeful expression on his face. "The neverland song?"Yoongi perked a brow, wondering who got him on that train of thought and when he glanced at Jungkook, the man smiled innocently though he was anything but innocent. "How about I do you one better?" Yoongi dropped down, wincing at the way parts of his body resisted, squatting in front of his grandson with a smile on his face. "How about we have the original singer do it?"Jisoo gasped and Jihoon nearly tripped on his way to sit on the couch with Jungkook. Mingyu clapped, agreeing happily while Jungkook snickered behind his hand and earned a slap in the shoulder from Jihoon."Original singer?" Jisoo looked confused, but excited, bouncing on his feet as he clasped his hands together in front of his chest."Mhm, I wrote the song, but Jihoon-hyung there, he sang it. Won a lot of awards with it." When Yoongi glanced at Jihoon, the man was flushing slightly, kicking at Mingyu's back as the taller laughed."Awards?!" Jisoo gasped, in complete awe as he pointed at the series of awards on the wall behind Yoongi. "Like those?""Yup. Just like those.""Yah, I wasn't the only one who sang it." Jihoon pointed out, shoving his foot into Mingyu's back hard enough to make the brunet double over with laughter."There was a whole group of them." Jungkook explained, gaining Jisoo's attention."Like the groups on TV?" Something seemed to dawn on Jisoo and he quickly ran up to Jihoon, grabbing onto the man's knees as he peered up at him. "You were an idol, hyung?"Jihoon flushed all the way to the tips of his ears and when Mingyu continued to laugh, he gave him another kick. "Mingyu was too."Jisoo gasped again, bouncing on his feet as he turned between each of them. "Oh! Oh please sing it for me! Harabeoji isn't that great of a singer.""Yah." Yoongi grunted, moving to his feet slowly."My other harabeojis are, but not that one." Jisoo pointed at Yoongi but he was looking up at Jihoon like the idol he once was."Brat." Yoongi mumbled under his breath and it looked like Jungkook might burst from how hard he was holding his laughter in. "Yah, Jungkook-harabeoji should sing too then.""What?" Jungkook nearly squeaked, his laughter caught in his throat and that deer in the headlights look was just too damn cute on him."Yeah." Jihoon smirked softly. "He should sing with me.""Yes!" Jisoo clapped in excitement. "Please? Pretty please?"Yoongi didn't wait for an answer. He slipped back into their bedroom to pick up his acoustic guitar and when he returned, Jisoo was making excited noises, crawling into Jungkook's lap and clapping his hands.Jackson settled on the couch with Jungkook and Jihoon while Mingy moved to sit near Jihoon's legs and Hayoon came to sit with Yoongi, who settled on one of the large arm chairs with the guitar in his lap. She smiled fondly at him, perching on the arm of the chair he was in and he hoped, maybe, she would decide to sing too because she had one hell of a voice.The room grew quiet, Jisoo settling in Jungkook's lap, as Yoongi started to strum the guitar, playing out the first few notes of the song he wrote long ago to make sure it still sounded just as good. It was a soft song, a song that spoke of dreams and hope and never giving up. One that won Seventeen a triple crown and solidified their place in the idol world. Yoongi wrote it thinking about Jungkook and Jimin, pouring all his hopes and dreams and fears into it. Jimin cried the first time he heard it and Jungkook, well, he didn't exactly cry but he did kiss Yoongi like he needed the air the elder breathed to survive.Jihoon's voice was soft, sweet and a little haunting, holding the words on his lips like they always belonged to him. Jisoo looked surprised, and in awe, as Jihoon sang the first verse and Mingyu, well, Yoongi noticed how the man looked at Jihoon and he wondered how it took him so fucking long to realize what he was missing.Hayoon hummed the melody beneath her breath, her cool hand comforting over the back of Yoongi's neck and when Jihoon's voice faded, so Jungkook could pick up the chorus, Jisoo looked at his black haired grandfather like the stars fell from his lips. Jungkook smiled as he sang, nuzzling his nose against Jisoo's and earning a giggle for his action. And then those dark eyes were on Yoongi, singing soft words that meant more to them than anyone probably thought and Yoongi's throat went a little tight with emotion, the love deep in those eyes reminding him of why every decision he ever made in his life was the right one.Jihoon picked up the second verse, gaining Jisoo's attention and Mingyu followed along, his voice deep, soulful, as he murmured the rap lyrics that went along with Jihoon's voice. They sounded good together, they had always sounded good together and when Yoongi glanced away toward the living room, he saw Hoseok and Taehyung standing there, watching with soft smiles on their faces.They were standing close, close enough to touch without really doing so and that was an improvement, so Yoongi smiled at the two of them and returned his attention to the guitar he was strumming, ending the sound with a few notes that rang out in the air."That was so good!" Jisoo clapped loudly, making excited noises as he wiggled out of Jungkook's lap. "Harabeoji really wrote that song?""He sure did." Jihoon answered."I wanna be like harabeoji!" Jisoo stated. "I wanna make pretty music too."Hayoon smiled fondly, giving Yoongi's shoulder a squeeze because she knew, she fucking knew, the emotion bubbling up his throat, the stinging in his eyes."It's in your blood." Jungkook mumbled softly, glancing at Yoongi and giving him a comforting smile.Jisoo nodded determinedly. "Eomma, can I learn how to play?""Of course you can."The boy grinned and grabbed onto Yoongi's hand that was still curled around the neck of the guitar. "Will you teach me, harabeoji?"He was so proud. So damn proud. But his throat was thick and tight so he only nodded, giving the boy a warm gummy smile.The sound of a car door closing came from outside and Jisoo hurried to the window to see who had arrived. He lit up at what he saw and hurried off toward the door, exclaiming "Bambam" over and over again. Yoongi set his guitar to the side and moved to his feet, giving Hayoon a soft pat as he passed her."Hey Kiddo!" Kunpimook's voice was bright as always. "Thanks for getting the door, my hands are kinda full you see.""Need help?" Jackson appeared beside Yoongi as they moved to the door and Kunpimook was standing there with a grin on his face, his arms full of a stack of three bakery boxes and Yoongi vaguely wondered what the hell Jimin and Jungkook ordered."We've got it." Kunpimook grinned and Jisoo moved out of the way so he could enter the house, followed by a familiar dark haired man and a brunet. "Hey hyung! I'll hug you in a sec, let me put these away before Jimin kills me." He gave Yoongi a wink and then he was off into the kitchen.Mark's hands were just as full as Kunpimook's, a stack of four bakery boxes piled almost to his chin. "Happy birthday, hyung." He gave Yoongi a warm smile that showed off his teeth before he shuffled after Kunpimook and Jackson wasn't far behind.Mark was an interesting guy, someone Yoongi quickly grew fond of. He was quiet but just as excitable as the rest of them. He fit rather well between Jackson and Kunpimook and Yoongi was glad he was a part of their family."Yoongi, oh, it's so good to see you!" He felt Seokjin before he actually saw him, arms wrapping around his shoulders tightly."Hey, hyung, thanks for coming." Yoongi gave his back a pat and Jungkook came forward to take the bags from Seokjin's hands, smiling softly in greeting."Yes, of course. Happy birthday! Where's Jiminnie? He was texting me about seaweed soup and I think he needs help.""Kitchen." Jungkook nodded his head in that direction while Seokjin shrugged off his coat, moving to hang it up quickly before rolling up his sleeves."We would have come earlier if I knew he needed help.""He's a little stubborn." Jungkook mused fondly, moving toward the kitchen to drop off the plastic bags Seokjin brought with him."Where's Joonie?" Yoongi spoke up."Oh, he's getting the cake." Seokjin waved a hand at him, moving to follow Jungkook into the kitchen."You... left Namjoon, to get the cake." Yoongi stated flatly and Seokjin froze at his words."Oh. Oh dear.""No, no, I'll get it." Yoongi waved at Seokjin when the brunet moved toward the door."But Yoongi, it's your birthday.""I can get my own cake." He shooed Seokjin off into the kitchen before he left out the door, shivering slightly at the cool wind that blew outside.The sweater he wore protected him well enough for a little while so he hurried down the steps, glancing around the open yard until he found Namjoon by their parked car. He was standing by the open trunk, bent over as he mumbled to himself and Yoongi couldn't help but smirk softly, shuffling up to him."Joonie.""Yah!" Namjoon jumped in surprise, knocking his head against the trunk door and Yoongi winced in sympathy. "Yoongz, shit, you scared me." He laughed softly, rubbing the sore spot on the back of his head as he stood up straight."I came to save the cake." Yoongi leveled him with a flat look that Namjoon just grinned at."I was trying to figure out how to get this inside without killing it." He motioned to the cake box settled in the trunk."I've got it." Though Yoongi made no move to get it and instead relaxed back against the side of the black car, arms crossed over his chest as the salty sea breeze blew through them.Namjoon hummed appreciatively before he moved to stand beside Yoongi, leaning back against the car as well, long legs and long arms crossed. "How you doing, Yoongz?""Pretty good. About time you assholes visited." He nudged Namjoon's arm with his shoulder.The younger grimaced. "Yeah, I know, I'm sorry. The move from Seoul to Ilsan as been crazy.""How's that going?""It's going alright. You didn't tell me how stressful moving from city to city was, Yoongz. You coulda warned me."Yoongi just shrugged. "We're all spread out now. It's crazy to think about."Namjoon made a noise of agreement and tossed his arm over Yoongi's shoulders. "You, Jungkook and Jimin here in Busan. Tae in Daegu, Hobi wherever the fuck he is now, and me and Jin in Ilsan. It's pretty crazy.""You know how long it's been since the seven of us have been in the same fucking room at the same time?"Namjoon took a moment to think about it, raising his eyes to the blue sky. "Years.""Four years, to be exact.""Shit." The younger whistled, running a hand through his thick black hair. "Has it really?""Ever since Tae and Hobi had that... thing.""Oh shit yeah, are they both here?"Yoongi flicked his hand toward his house, a rather nice house actually, larger than any apartment they'd ever been in. "They're being decent for my sake I think.""About damn time.""Jihoon and Mingyu are here too."Namjoon perked a brow. "Oh really?""Yup.""Go figure."Yoongi nodded in agreement, shifting his eyes from Namjoon's dimpled smile to the house in front of them. "Crazy shit.""Did you ever expect it?" Namjoon pondered aloud, his arm warm and heavy over Yoongi's shoulders. "Back when we were kids getting high and getting off on the dirty floor of my bedroom in Daegu, did you ever expect this?""Hell no." Yoongi snorted softly, ducking his chin as he laughed lightly. "I'm still surprised those idiots are mine."Namjoon reached out to tap a finger against the silver ring on Yoongi's hand. "I'm not. You're old and happy and I'm happy for you, Yoongz.""Yah, I'm not that old." He elbowed Namjoon in the side. "Just because I'm retired doesn't make me fucking old.""Fifty, Yoongz.""I will fucking end you."Namjoon laughed brightly, from the heart, and tugged Yoongi closer, tucking him against his side in a one armed hug. "Happy birthday, Yoongi. I'm really damn glad we get to spend it together.""Yah, don't get sentimental on me now.""You started it.""Lets get the damn cake before my balls freeze off." Yoongi grumbled, a faint flush to his cheeks as he pulled away from Namjoon, moving around the car to pick up the cake box carefully."Do those still work?""Kim motherfucking Namjoon." Yoongi growled, sending the younger a glare that he snickered at. "I'm not that fucking old.""Good to know your dick still works, Yoongz." He was grinning, that lovely dimpled grin that made Yoongi would to grin in return. He smirked instead, as he hefted the box out of the trunk with both hands."Just ask Jimin or Jungkook.""Ew." Namjoon crinkled his nose in disgust as he slammed the trunk closed and locked up his car. "No, ew, now I'm thinking about it, that's so gross, Yoongz.""I didn't tell you to think about it." Yoongi chuckled, unable to keep the smile from his lips any longer. "But my sex life is as healthy as it's ever been.""Ew! Yoongi, please." Namjoon covered his hears like a child and it made Yoongi burst out laughing, nearly dropping the cake but he steadied himself.Mark met them at the door, smiling warmly as he took the cake box from Yoongi's hands, bowing his head slightly before disappearing into the kitchen. The living room was full of people and if Yoongi had to guess, he'd say Jimin kicked everyone out of the kitchen. He gave Namjoon a gentle nudge before he moved into the kitchen, passing Mark on his way who went off to join Jackson and Kunpimook on the couch.Sure enough, the kitchen was empty aside from Jimin and Seokjin and from the look of it, Jimin had been tugging at his hair a little too much."Babe." Yoongi called gently, his brow furrowing at the hunch in Jimin's shoulders.Seokjin looked relieved to see Yoongi and moved to his side, giving his shoulder a pat. "Everything's done. The tables set. But I think Jimin's about to burst into tears so..." And he left it that, giving Yoongi an encouraging smile before he left them alone in the kitchen."Babe." Yoongi repeated the small sentiment, coming up behind Jimin who was hunched over the counter, his elbows bent on the surface as his head hung between his shoulders. "Minnie." That strong back was tense as he ran his hand over it, moving over the curves of his muscles and shoulders. "You did an amazing job.""I burnt the soup." He mumbled softly, dragging a hand through his messy hair."Minnie." Yoongi tried again, softer this time, his hand curled around the back of his neck to massage the muscles gently. "Look at me."It took a moment or two, but Jimin finally glanced at him from the corner of his eye, lifting his head just slightly. Yoongi bent down to his level, pushing his face close enough to kiss that floured cheek."You're amazing. Everything you've done today is amazing. Thank you so much. It's the best birthday I could have asked for.""Really?" Jimin sounded hopeful, looked hopeful."Yes." Yoongi laughed warmly, a smile curling to his lips. "Don't stress yourself out so much, okay? It's my birthday. I want you happy and cute."Jimin's lips pursed. "I'm always cute.""Yeah, especially right now, covered in flour and other food- is that a noodle in your hair, oh god, Minnie." Yoongi couldn't help put laugh, pulling out the offending piece of food to toss it into the sink. And then Jimin was laughing too, beautiful and bright and his eyes were twinkling and when he stood up straight, Yoongi didn't hesitate to kiss him."Ah, I'll get flour on your nice sweater." Jimin argued halfheartedly as Yoongi grabbed those hips and pulled him close, dipping down so their lips met again. "Which looks really nice on you, by the way."Yoongi grinned against Jimin's mouth, pressing for another kiss that the younger willingly gave him. "Go clean up. I'll get everyone settled in the dinning room.""But hyung-""Go." Yoongi rolled his eyes and manhandled Jimin toward the door way, giving his plump ass a nice little pat for all his effort. "As adorable as you look with flour all over you, I think you'll feel better in clean clothes."Jimin smiled warmly, pausing in the doorway to lean over and give Yoongi another kiss. "Thanks, Yoongi."And before the elder could even react, Jimin was gone, out of his hands and hurrying off to the bedroom, giggling to himself for the way he made Yoongi gap at him.Seokjin took control of the situation like he was prone to do, clapping his hands once to gain everyone's attention and then motioned for everyone to move into the large dinning room, stating that dinner was ready. Yoongi lingered in the kitchen doorway, watching as everyone piled into the dinning room across the hall and Jungkook joined him, leaning close to his side though not actually touching, as they waited for Jimin."He okay?" Jungkook asked conversationally, but there was a bit of worry to his smile that Yoongi wanted to kiss away."A little stressed but he'll be fine." Yoongi leaned his weight against Jungkook's side, smiling at Jisoo as the boy hurried past, dragging a laughing Mingyu by the hand behind him. Seemed the boy made a new friend."He's been planning this for months. Wanted everything to be perfect for you.""I would have been fine with just the three of us, you know.""Yeah, but, this is pretty important."Yoongi hummed, glancing up as Jimin hurried out of the bedroom, quickly fixing his hair and his nice black button up. "Yeah, it is.""Come on, come on." Jimin grabbed both of their hands as he passed by, giving them a warm smile before he tugged them into the dinning room.The set up was admittedly, really damn nice. It was obvious Jimin went to some lengths to bring out a nice spread and Yoongi was pretty proud of his lover. He sat at the head of the table, with Jungkook and Jimin on either side of him, though Jimin fretted about the table for a moment before Yoongi dragged him to sit down.Yoongi was surrounded by the people he loved, the people who meant everything to him, and he couldn't be happier. Best birthday ever.
The air was cool against Yoongi's slightly flushed cheeks and though the sweater he wore was warm, it wouldn't keep him warm for much longer if the temperature continued to drop along with the sun on the horizon. But that was okay. He didn't intend to be outside too long since everyone he loved was inside the house, enjoying themselves. He just needed a minute. One minute to himself, one minute to breathe, to sit on the little bench on their porch, stare off at the ocean in the distance and remind himself that this was his life, this was real, and it wasn't a dream.Sometimes, Yoongi thought it was a dream. A nice dream, a wonderful dream, but a dream nonetheless. Sometimes, he thought he'd wake up one morning to his old empty worn down apartment with three jobs under his belt and the will to live slipping through his fingers. Sometimes, Yoongi wondered... What would have come of him if that had been his reality? But the answer to that question was never a pleasant one, so he chose to focus on what his reality actually was.Jimin and Jungkook. Hayoon and Jisoo. A family he never thought he'd have. A successful career doing what he absolutely loved. Providing enough for his family so he could retire early. Moving to Busan because it was Jungkook's and Jimin's home. Because it was where they belonged. It was where they could be free.A name for himself in the world he never actually believed he'd make it in. A life he had to keep hidden for so long because of it but in the end, it was worth it.Hayoon. Beautiful, wonderful Min Hayoon.Yoongi never thought he'd gave kids and yet, there she was. As beautiful and wonderful as every part of Yoongi's life that he was lucky enough to have.And Jisoo. Just as beautiful.Yoongi hummed softly to himself, relaxing back into the bench as he curled his fingers over the long sleeves of his sweater.Being where they were, achieving what they achieved; none of it was easy. Yoongi still thought about the times he almost lost them; Jimin and Jungkook. He still thought about how they once were. Just stupid kids running around Seoul because they didn't know what else to do with their lives.And now, they were a family. Yoongi retired early, Jimin running a dance studio where he taught kids and Jungkook working for some top secret tech company that he couldn't even tell them about but kept him relatively busy sometimes. They made it. Some how, some way. They made it. Together.A fond smile curled to Yoongi's lips and he tossed an arm over his eyes to keep himself from crying. He wasn't a sentimental old man, damnit. He wasn't even that old.Yoongi could remember those days from twenty or so years ago. It was hard to believe it was that long ago. Hard to believe how fast time flew by when life was being lived, but it had. And okay, maybe he was being a sentimental old man but he had the right to be.He could remember the cold lonely nights spent on his beaten up old couch, staring at a flickering TV without any interest because no matter how hard he closed his eyes, no matter how comfortable he got, he couldn't fall asleep; his mind wouldn't shut up. He spent too many nights on that couch, staring at the TV, and thinking maybe every choice he ever made had been a mistake in his life. He didn't think his friends were mistakes but, he was.He could remember the first time he kissed Jungkook. How it made his insides churn with something he hadn't felt in so long. How those hands spread warmth through bones that had long ago frozen over.He could remember the utter panic he felt from that one simple phone call. What it felt like to possibly lose something that was finally making him happy. Something that was giving him purpose. Jungkook running away from him, because Yoongi had been a dick and unable to face what was truly between them was completely different than Jungkook being unfairly taken from him. Not when they were finally starting to get it right. Not when things were starting to settle into place. It wasn't perfect, they weren't perfect, but they were okay.That one accident changed their lives. Not just Yoongi's and Jungkook's, but all of them. The scars were proof. Thin pale scars scattered over parts of Jungkook's leg and they were a reminder of what they had and what they could have lost. For a while, Jungkook didn't have issues with his leg bothering but, they were getting a little older, working a little harder and occasionally, Jungkook would find pain in his bones. It was to be expected after all, but it wasn't anything the man couldn't handle.Yoongi could remember the first time he looked at Jimin with more than just friendship in his heart. It wasn't a drastic change. It was something that had always been there, just took him a long time to figure out. And when he did, when he was accepted into both of them, it was like an entirely new world had opened up to him. A beautiful, amazing world that he wasn't worthy of but he would fight tooth and nail to keep.He remembered his first win with Seventeen and their countless wins after that. The smiles, the tears, on his boys faces. Boys who worked almost their entire lives to get where they were and finally, finally, they were achieving. Yoongi felt honored to be a part of that; to remain a part of that in Jihoon's case. He still spoke to Seungcheol occasionally, checking up to make sure he was okay. Yoongi, Jungkook, and Jimin had been invited to his wedding after all so the man obviously considered them important in his life.And that was the funny thing, Yoongi thought.For as long as he'd been with Seventeen, he'd kept what he had with Jimin and Jungkook a secret. Not because he wanted to, but because he had to. As open and accepting and loving as his friends were, the world was a harsh place and there wasn't much of a place for relationships like his in that world. It wasn't just for him, but for Jimin as well, and Jungkook.Yoongi had an appearance to keep up. He was pretty sure if his CEO found out about his relationship, the man wouldn't really care all that much. But it was the public Yoongi worried for. He worried his relationship might jeopardize Seventeen's success. And after how hard they worked, he wasn't willing to risk that.As for Jimin, getting into one of Seoul's biggest dance groups was one of the proudest moments of his life. He wasn't an idol, but he was damn near close to it. Keeping their relationship secret was the best option for all of them.But now, far away from that life, they didn't need to hide anymore.He heard the front door open and he dropped his arm, quickly blinking away the stinging in his eyes to glance over. Jimin popped his head out, glancing around until his eyes landed on Yoongi and then he smiled that smile. The one that turned Yoongi's insides to complete goop. Jimin slipped out the door, followed by Jungkook who closed the door behind them."We were wondering where you ran off to." Jimin spoke with amusement in his voice, moving to Yoongi's side and sat down, pressing their bodies together because, well, it wasn't that big of a bench and Yoongi was already sitting in the middle of it."I just needed a minute. Fresh air." Yoongi explained, glancing over as Jungkook joined his other side, squishing the elder between the two of them."Too much at once?" Jimin ventured, wrapping his fingers around Yoongi's until their hands slipped together.Yoongi shrugged one shoulder. "It's nice to have everyone here. We should do it more often."Jimin made a noise of agreement while Jungkook captured Yoongi's other hand, linking their fingers together to rest in Yoongi's lap. "Good birthday then?" The youngest asked."Great birthday." He nodded his agreement, giving their hands a squeeze. "Thanks, for everything."Jimin settled his head on Yoongi's shoulder, getting comfortable. "Feel old yet, hyung?"Yoongi crinkled his nose. "Not that old.""Good."They settled into silence for a few moments, just breathing each other in, along with the salty air from the sea and it was nice. It was really nice. They were warm on either side of him and he no longer needed a jacket. He dropped his eyes to their hands in his lap, curled around his own and contrast of skin was pleasant. Jungkook's hands still looked young, not as scarred or worn as Jimin's or Yoongi's and though they were slightly tanned, they were still lighter than Jimin's natural golden skin. Jimin's fingers were tanned, plump and short in between Yoongi's but they were warm and fit into slots they always belonged. Yoongi squeezed their hands, rubbing his fingers against Jimin's silver ring and glanced at the one on Jungkook's other hand. They were a promise, a reminder, of what they had, of what they were and what they would always be.Slowly, Yoongi raised both of their hands and pressed the backs of them to his mouth. Their eyes were on him but neither stopped him as he planted kisses to their skin lovingly. Jimin nuzzled a little closer, Jungkook leaned more on him and Yoongi was exactly where he wanted to be.There was a party waiting for them inside, full of people he loved. He could hear laughter trailing from inside. Jackson, Kunpimook and Mingyu dancing and singing for Jisoo who was giggling brightly, trying to follow along. Jihoon, Mark and Hayoon on the couch, watching with smiles on their faces and cheering them on. Taehyung and Hoseok curled on the love seat, not exactly touching but close enough to do so, leaning their heads toward one another as they spoke softly, warm, tender smiles on their faces. Namjoon on one of the large arm chairs, with Seokjin on the arm, enjoying the three males make utter fools of themselves for the enjoyment of a five year old. And Jiyoon, Jungkook's mother, single after a nasty divorce many years ago, leaning against the wall with a warm smile on her face.They were his family, and he would join them soon.But for now, he was content to watch the sunset over the horizon with the two people who would always, and have always, meant everything to him in the world. Jimin was warm against his shoulder, Jungkook was squeezing his hand as if he never wanted the elder to let go. And Yoongi, his heart was ready to burst from the warmth and love filling it, pouring from every orifice.He never thought so, never really expected it but...They were finally alright.



Afterword


End Notes
I want to take a moment to thank all of you. Every single person who sat down and read through this series. Every single person who read The Kids Aren't Alright and thought, "hey this is nice". And then continued to read when Jimin was added into Yoongi's and Jungkook's relationship. Sugakookie is a small ship to begin with, and adding Jimin and making it a poly relationship made it even smaller. And yet, most of you stuck through with me. And I want to thank you for that. This entire series has been one hell of a ride and I couldn't be more proud of the work I've done, the readers I've earned, and the friends I've made. So thank you, from the bottom of my very full heart, thank you. I know this end is coming abruptly, but I still hope you love and enjoy it just as much as you've loved and enjoyed all the other parts. If you have any questions, or wanna know more details about this verse and everything within it, I'll be lingering over on tumblr. So come stop by anytime, say hello, ask questions, or scream with me about these wonderful dorks. I'm sad to see this end, it leaves a warmth in my heart, but it's time to end, just as everything must. Thinking of these three in this verse, it makes me so warm inside to leave them off in an ending like this. Conclusive, comfortable, happy and warm. Thank you again for sticking by me, and if you're new, well thank you for reading. Please let me know what you thought with a kudo and/or comment. Thank you again, I feel I can't say it enough. (also 7 parts for 7 bangtan boys. sounds pretty good to me haha)tumblr | twitter~Addy~


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



