



GoM Co - alleured - Kuroko no Basuke Kurokos
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

GoM & Co™
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/14295570.
  


Rating:
Not Rated
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M, Multi
Fandom:
Kuroko no Basuke | Kuroko's Basketball
Relationship:
Kagami Taiga/Kuroko Tetsuya, Midorima Shintarou/Takao Kazunari, Himuro Tatsuya/Murasakibara Atsushi, Aomine Daiki/Sakurai Ryou, Akashi Seijuurou/Kise Ryouta, Hayama Kotarou/Izuki Shun
Character:
Kuroko Tetsuya, Aomine Daiki, Kise Ryouta, Akashi Seijuurou, Midorima Shintarou, Murasakibara Atsushi, Kiseki no Sedai | Generation of Miracles, Himuro Tatsuya, Kagami Taiga, Takao Kazunari, Hayama Kotarou, Mibuchi Reo, Nebuya Eikichi, Kiyoshi Teppei, Uncrowned Kings
Additional Tags:
chat fic, i guess, Oblivious Kagami Taiga, Oblivious Kise Ryouta, Established MuraHimu, Slow Burn AkaKise, in this house we hate hanamiya makoto, abrupt ending because i lost interest a year before this ended
Stats:

        Published: 2018-05-06
          Completed: 2019-10-06
          Chapters: 12/12
        Words: 10827
      

GoM & Co™
by alleured
Summary
Kuroko: He's just. So dumb.Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝): like Dai-chan!ahomine: hey! that was uncalled for!ryouta: no, no. you and Kagamicchi are actually pretty similar in this regard!ahomine: haa?!
Notes
this is just an excuse for me to put all my kurobas ships into one fic while not having a deep plot. nice.[ this starts as a GoM gc but tatsuya's there from the beginning bc he and murasakibara are already dating ]




y'all dumb as fuck



9:23am - GoM & Co™Kuroko: Kagami-kun has yet to notice my advances towards him.Kuroko: I fear that he is much more oblivious than he seems.ryouta: eh?!ryouta: how oblivious can one guy be??Kuroko: You are a prime example of it, Kise-kun.ryouta: please don't roast me before 10amKuroko: If I had said the same thing after 10am, you would have said not to roast you after 10amryouta: factsTatsuya: if I may butt in, Taiga has been fairly oblivious the entire time I've known him.Tatsuya: and just the other day, he called me at 3am just to make sure we weren't still having our "rivalry".ahomine: lol what an idiotKuroko: He's just. So dumb.Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝): like Dai-chan!ahomine: hey! that was uncalled for!ryouta: no, no. you and Kagamicchi are actually pretty similar in this regard!ahomine: haa?!Akashi: If Aomine and Kagami are similar in this way, wouldn't you be as well, Kise?Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝): :o true!ryouta: akashicchi..?ryouta: ...I don't really believe so!Kuroko: He's as bad as Kagami-kun...ryouta: what do you mean? (・_・ヾTatsuya: aha, this is painful to watch!Akashi: ...Tatsuya: (*´･o･)ahomine: grossMomoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝): Dai-chan! Murasakibara-kun will get angryTatsuya: Atsushi is currently sleeping, insult me as much as you like.Tatsuya: however, if you do, I will add Taiga to this chat and we all know you're only stronger than him at basketball!ryouta: AHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAryouta: can I get front-row tickets to this?ahomine: i'd like to see him tryryouta: "the only one that can beat me is me"...Tatsuya: if that's how you want to play it...9:56am - Kagami joined the server, invited by Tatsuyaahomine: i just remembered i have to be literally anywhere else aha guess i don't have time to chat!!9:57am - ahomine went offlineMomoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝): someone remind me why Sakurai-kun is in love with himKuroko: I was young and confused at Teikou too, Momoi-kun. He will eventually grow out of those feelings the same way I did.ryouta: Aominecchi has plenty of redeeming qualities!Kagami: so people are into assholes these days?Kuroko: Hello, Kagami-kun.Kagami: hey, KurokoKagami: when aomine gets back online let him know I'm going to beat his ass10:00am - Kagami went offlineryouta: the fact that Kagamicchi capitalised Kurokocchi's name but not Aominecchi's is gayMomoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝): you're gayryouta: oh shit!! i am!! i didn't realise!!Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝): Ki-chan...ryouta: Momocchi...Tatsuya: isn't it tiring typing -cchi at the end of everyone's names?ryouta: I don't type it at the end of everyone's!ryouta: I've never typed Himurocchi ╮(＾▽＾)╭Tatsuya: ...that hurt more than it should haveryouta: （○□○）ryouta: please take that back!! I don't want to face Murasakibaracchi's wrath...Tatsuya: please call me Himurocchi from now onryouta: !!!10:08am - ryouta changed Tatsuya's nickname to HimurocchiHimurocchi: this is something I didn't know I needed until nowryouta: it's like that sometimesKuroko: It's really not...ryouta: Kurokocchi!! don't insult me between the hours of 3am and 11pm!!Kuroko: ...My previous point has been proven.ryouta: irrelevantMomoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝): it's really not...ryouta: Momocchi has been demoted to momoiHimurocchi: 500 yen says it lasts an hourKuroko: 1,000 yen says it lasts ten minutesHimurocchi: you're on.10:22am - GoM & Co™ryouta: Momocchi i'm sorry _:(´□`」 ∠):_Kuroko: Looks like I get 1,000 yen.Himurocchi: that was blatant favouritism!Kuroko: It really wasn't...ryouta: favouritism is gross!Kuroko: You say that as if you weren't Akashi-kun's favourite back at Teikou.ryouta: eh?ryouta: I though YOU were his favourite, Kurokocchi!Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝): I'm pretty sure you were, Ki-chan!ryouta: ??????Akashi: This is slander against my perfect image...Himurocchi: "slander" hmm?10:30am - ahomine came onlineahomine: the only slander is you denying itAkashi: I was not aware that you knew what slander meant, Aomineahomine: this attack on my being...it is too muchKuroko: Aomine Daiki, the Generation of Miracles' resident drama queen.ahomine: i thought that was Kise?Kuroko: He was, until you said that.ryouta: oh, Aominecchi!ryouta: Kagamicchi said that he's going to "beat your ass" !!ryouta: (o￣∇￣)=◯)`ν゜)Himurocchi: ohmygodahomine: kise what the hell i thought i was your favouriteryouta: favouritism is gross!ryouta: but I think I speak for everyone when I say we all prefer Kagamicchi (^_−)☆ahomine: what the fuck, no???Himurocchi: everyone, state your preference!Himurocchi: TaigaKuroko: Kagami-kunryouta: Kagamicchi!Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝): Dai-chan!Akashi: I would have to say that I prefer Kagami...ahomine: what the fuck????ryouta: "the only one that can beat me is me" seems kind of false now...Kuroko: "The only one that can beat me is Kagami-kun."ahomine: okay can we all ignore this in favour of speaking about akashi's preference for kise?Akashi: ( ＾◡＾)っ✂ryouta: Akashicchi used an emoji !! (((( ;°Д°))))Akashi: How about we speak about your "preference" for Sakurai Ryou, hmm?Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝): (preference = big fat crush)Akashi: Momoi.10:42 am - Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝) went offlineryouta: Akashicchi !! Momocchi did nothing wrong !!Akashi: Debatable.ryouta: besides, she was just joking, right?ryouta: everyone knows about Aominecchi's crush on Sakurai-kun! o((*^▽^*))oAkashi: ...Kuroko: ...Himurocchi: ...ryouta: ...am I missing something?Himurocchi: No, you're doing amazing, sweetie.ryouta: (*⌒▽⌒*)θ～♪Himurocchi: ...too good too precious for this world.Akashi: Agreed.Kuroko: I must agree as well.ryouta: eh?!ryouta: Akashicchi and Kurokocchi think I'm cute?!?10:49am - Kagami cam onlineKagami: what are we talking about?Kagami: ohKagami: I think you're cute too, Kise, if that means anything!Kuroko: ...too good too precious for this world.Himurocchi: Kuroko really out here stealing my lines...ryouta: waaah!!! even Kagamicchi thinks I'm cute!!! (;﹏;)Akashi: ...Himurocchi: am I cute, Taiga?Kagami: no?Himurocchi: ):Kagami: you're hot as fuck, manHimurocchi: (:Kuroko: What about me, Kagami-kun?Kagami: you're a little TOO cute, KurokoKuroko: Kagami-kun, tooKuroko: Kagami-kun is too cute.Himurocchi: that's a little gay, Kuroko...Kuroko: I'm 168cm.Kuroko: I am a little gay.ryouta: HAHAHAHA I JUST SPAT OUT MY DRINKKagami: by that logic, does that make me a big gay?ryouta: big biHimurocchi: big gay 2.0Akashi: Average bi?ryouta: AVERAGe BIryouta: you're an extraordinary bi, Akashicchi! (*＾v＾*)Akashi: ...Himurocchi: Akashi broke!Kuroko: Akashi-kun may be bi but he is really gay for a certain someone who I will not name.ryouta: Akashicchi has someone he likes?! (ू′o‵ ू)*✲ﾟryouta: that's unexpected!!Kagami: oh, yikesHimurocchi: even Taiga can tell, and he's oblivious to the one after his own heart!Kagami: hmm? is there someone with a crush on me?Kuroko: ...Akashi: Kuroko, murder is not legal and I would not advise committing it.Kuroko: ...Akashi: Kuroko.Kuroko: Yes, Kagami-kun, there is someone who has a crush on you.Kagami: oh! i never would have thought :oHimurocchi: this is too funnyKuroko: @Akashi is it okay if I hurt them without committing murder?Akashi: Yes.Himurocchi: WAIT WIATWAITHimurocchi: @Murasakibara HEKLOEMEHimurocchi: @Kagami HELP ME STOP YOUR BOYFRJEDN FROM HURTHIG MEKagami: !!! Kuroko's not my boyfriend !!!Himurocchi: NOW'S NOT THETIME S T OP HIM11:04am - Murasakibara came onlineMurasakibara: who's hurting Muro-chin?Kuroko: Sorry Murasakibara-kun, but he deserves it.Akashi: I must agree.Murasakibara: ...11:06am - Murasakibara went offlineHimurocchi: ATSUSHIYOU TRAITORryouta: Himurocchi, are you aware that Kurokocchi cannot possibly physically harm you?Kuroko: Time to break Kise-kun's legs.ryouta: I meant because of the distance!!!!Kuroko: ...Acceptable.ryouta: ...phewHimurocchi: Headlines read: "Local Pretty Boys Barely Walk Away With Their Lives After Being Threatened By A Small Basketball Player"Kagami: did you just refer to yourself as a pretty boy?Himurocchi: Alex called me it once by accidentHimurocchi: it kinda stuckKuroko: Headlines read: "Said Small Basketball Player Has A Huge Crush On Said Pretty Boy's Best Friend"Kagami: eh? Kuroko, you have a crush on aomine?ryouta: Kagamicchi!!! how DARE you call Aominecchi my best friend (ꐦ°᷄д°᷅)Himurocchi: I don't know what's funnier--Kuroko's failed attempt at seduction or Kise's reactionAkashi: Lord save us all.



takao is a person that exists
Chapter Notes
so i imagine this fic takes place on discord? (if you don’t know what discord is, i don’t really know how to explain it so i’m sorry) so i decided to give you a list of roles etc because i loVE playing around with roles on discord so :)[ i also changed the text when kagami was added last chapter so that it seems similar to discord oops ]
akashi - “captain” role (created the chat - all permissions)midorima - “vice” role (all permissions)kuroko - “phantom” role (all permissions)kise - “pretty boy” role (all chatting permissions + all nickname permissions)murasakibara - “giant™️” role (all chatting permissions + all nickname permissions)aomine - “idiot” role (all chatting permissions sans media + can change others’ nicknames, but not his own)tatsuya - “pretty boy” rolemomoi - "glorified stalker" role (all chatting permissions + all nickname permissions)
all roles can invite people to the chat :)

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




6:23pm - GoM & Co™
 Kuroko   has given Kagami the ”idiot” role
Kagami: um rude
ryouta: oh, now Kagamicchi and Aominecchi match !!
Kagami: what did I ever do to deserve that?
ryouta: @ahomine are you going to stand for this?
6:25pm - ahomine came online
ahomine: @Kagami meet me in the fucking pit
Kagami: are you sure?
ahomine: fuck yes
ryouta: are you really sure?
ahomine: what the hell kise
ryouta: it's quite obvious that Kagamicchi would beat you in a fight...
ahomine: says who
ryouta: ...
ryouta: @Himurocchi
ahomine: NOT HIM HE HATES ME
ryouta: ...
ryouta: @Kuroko
ahomine: tetsu is biased
ryouta: @Akashi
Kuroko: Kagami-kun is stronger.
6:30pm - Akashi & Himurocchi came online
Himurocchi: of course Taiga could beat your pansy ass in a fight who do you think he is?
ryouta: (✿´ ꒳ ` )
Akashi: I refuse to have any input on this.
ahomine: are you kidding me?
Kagami: can't fight facts
ahomine: ...satsuki would root for me!!
ryouta: no she wouldn't
Kuroko: She wouldn't.
Himurocchi: I believe she'd vote for Taiga!
Akashi: I think that she would vote for Kagami.
ahomine: WHAT. THE HELL.
ahomine: @Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝)
6:34pm - Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝) came online
Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝): I believe Kagami would win the fight!
6:34pm - ahomine went offline
ryouta: I think we destroyed his ego too badly (๑ˊ▵ॢˋ̥๑)
Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝): As intended!
ryouta: whoa there, buddy
Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝): (;
6:35pm - Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝) went offline
Kagami: so now that we established that I can win a fight against aomine
Kagami: should I actually fight him
Midorima: I would not advise that.
ryouta: (´⊙ω⊙`)！
ryouta: Midorimacchi! you were here?!?
Midorima: Of course.
Midorima: I can't seem to figure out how to "go offline"...
ryouta: ....
ryouta: AHHAHAHAHAHA
Midorima: ...
Midorima: I found it.
Midorima: bye losers
6:39pm - Midorima went offline
ryouta: that was so out of character! （・□・；）
Kuroko: I agree.
Kuroko: But it was funny to see Midorima-kun act like that.
ryouta: right!
ryouta: anyway, I have a lot of homework to do so I'm logging off now ( ˃̣̣̥ω˂̣̣̥ )
Kuroko: Ah, a wise idea.
Himurocchi: OH SHIT I HAVE A REPORT DUE thank you for reminding me, Kise
ryouta: oh! you're welcome I guess?
ryouta: anyway, gotta go now! bye!
6:42pm - ryouta went offline
Akashi: Ah. I think it's best if we all focus on our studies.
Kagami: Yes sir!
Akashi: ...
6:43pm - Akashi, Kuroko, Himurocchi & Kagami went offline

5:12pm - GoM & Co™
Midorima: SUP FUCKERS
ryouta: ?????
ryouta: Midorimacchi, are you okay???
Midorima: as good as i'll ever be yes
Kuroko: Are you sure?
ryouta: you're not doing drugs again, are you?
Midorima: wait shin-chan did drugs???
Midorima: OH FUCK WAIT IM SUPPOSED TO BE SHIN-CHAN
ryouta: ????
Midorima: OH MY GOD HE'S COMING
Midorima: FDSHGD
ryouta: what just happened..?
5:16pm - takao! joined the server, invited by Midorima
Kuroko: Ah, that makes sense.
takao!: i just died but it was worth it
takao!: anyway is someone going to share the story of shin-chan taking drugs or..?
ryouta: oh!!! that's actually a funny story!!
Kuroko: Midorima-kun accidentally ate a weed brownie and that was the only time we've ever seen him cry.
ryouta: yeah! he started crying because our team was "too powerful" and "didn't give everyone a fair chance" which was really out of character for him...
takao!: ok but...how did he acquire the weed brownie i????
ryouta: he never told us
Midorima: And I never will.
takao!: how stingy, shin-chan ):
Midorima: "Stingy"...okay.
ryouta: I agree with Takao!
Kuroko: ^
takao!: c'mon shin-chan!!! tell us!!!
Midorima: No.
takao!: ):
takao!: so mean, shin-chan...
Midorima: ...
5:22pm - Midorima went offline
takao!: wow he's weak as shit
ryouta: oh--
Kuroko: I agree.
ryouta: OH
takao!: he hates making me sad
takao!: i can tell
takao!: so i use it to my advantage (;
Kuroko: It seems that it doesn't always work in the way you want it to...
takao!: that's the one downside ):
5:25pm - Himurocchi came online
Himurocchi: what's happening?
takao!: are you that one second-year from yosen?
Himurocchi: ...yes?
takao!: oh! cool! i've been wanting to meet you!!
Himurocchi: but why
takao!: you're so pretty i wanted to ask for a picture with you
Himurocchi: oh! ///
ryouta: Himurocchi machine broke
takao!: i guess i'm good at breaking people idk man
Kuroko: That's not really a skill to be proud of.
takao!: i'll be proud of what i want to be proud of fuck you dad
Kuroko: . ok
ryouta: he didn't use proper punctuation ‧˚₊*̥(∗*⁰͈꒨⁰͈)‧˚₊*̥
Himurocchi: this groupchat but every time Kise uses an emoji they get wilder
ryouta: honestly fuck off himuro I can do what I want
takao!: is it ooc day or something why are y'all like this
Himurocchi: I WAS DEMOTED
takao!: sucks to be you
Himurocchi: I will throw you
takao!: please do god damn
Kuroko: I feel it would be best if we just...leave the chat.
ryouta: seconded bye
5:32pm - ryouta, Kuroko, Himurocchi & takao! went offline

 
5:25am - GoM & Co™
ryouta: I'm so sorry @Himurocchi !!!
ryouta: I was tired and stressed I didn't mean to lash out at you ˚‧º·(˚ ˃̣̣̥᷄⌓˂̣̣̥᷅ )‧º·˚
Himurocchi: it's okay!! I know you didn't mean any harm and I...may have been out of line a little too I guess
ryouta: ah!! thank you!!
ahomine: gross
Himurocchi: shut your ugly mouth I won't hesitate
ahomine: what are you gonna do? pretty me to death?
Himurocchi: I was legally allowed to own a gun in America.
5:27pm - ahomine went offline
Kagami: you have never once owned a gun
Himurocchi: he doesn't need to know that
Kagami: ...
Kuroko: I approve.
Akashi: Please continue to put Aomine in his place
Himurocchi: will do!
Himurocchi: anyway, Taiga do you have plans this saturday?
Kagami: yes but why
Himurocchi: I was gonna come down to visit but yknow what you and Kuroko have fun
Kagami: I never said I was hanging out with Kuroko?
Himurocchi: Taiga, you only have two friends
Kagami: ...Furihata is my friend
Kuroko: Kagami-kun, we are spending Saturday together. Why are you denying this?
ryouta: Kagamicchi got exposed!! (*ﾟﾛﾟ)
Akashi: Kuroko, you lucky thing.
ryouta: eh? does Akashicchi want to spend time with Kagamicchi too??
Akashi: ...
Kuroko: ...
Himurocchi: ...
ryouta: ???
Himurocchi: not Taiga specifically, but he wants to spend time with someone special to him, much like Taiga and Kuroko are to each other
ryouta: oh, so with the person he likes???
Akashi: Yes.
Akashi: On another note, Kise, would you like to see a movie with me on Saturday?
ryouta: I would love to, but I have an all-day modelling job ( ˃̣̣̥ω˂̣̣̥ )
ryouta: maybe the week after?
Akashi: I'm afraid I have a very important meeting that Saturday, I'm sorry.
ryouta: ah, maybe next time !!
ryouta: oh, I have work!! talk to you guys later !! (✿´꒳`)ﾉ°
5:34pm - ryouta went offline
Kuroko: Better luck next time, Akashi-kun.
Akashi: I hate you.



Chapter End Notes
i had originally planned to have kise confess having a Big Gay Crush on akashi (in private) in this chapter but then i thought i'd torture myself and make slow burn akakise so that this fic has some semblance of a plot. really, the only point of this fic is for the gay boys to roast aomine.
[ ps; i love aomine it's just too much fun to bully him ]


they're all so fuckin' gay
Chapter Notes
this is all over the place by the end sorry im tired

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




9:34am - GoM & Co™ryouta: so my modelling shoot got cancelledryouta: which means I’m free todayKuroko: @Akashi9:35am - Akashi came onlineryouta: ahh!!! Akashicchi!!!Akashi: Hello, Kise.ryouta: is there any chance that you’d still like to go see a movie with me?Akashi: It would be my pleasure.Kuroko: Is this where people normally start making whipping noises?Akashi: I trusted you.Kuroko: A bad decision, really.Akashi: Shouldn’t you be hanging out with Kagami?Kuroko: Shouldn’t you be planning your date with Kise-kun?Akashi: ...Akashi: I’ll private message you to arrange details, @ryoutaryouta: okay !!!9:40am - Himurocchi came onlineHimurocchi: is this what it means when they say an Akashi never loses?Himurocchi: world-wide pretty boy rejects his date offer before calling him up to invite him on a date the same day?Kuroko: “World-wide pretty boy.”Himurocchi: I saw a magazine with Kise on the cover in an American store onceHimurocchi: world wide. pretty boy.Kuroko: Seems reasonable.Himurocchi: I wish I could be a world-wide pretty boy ):9:45am - takao! came onlinetakao!: nooo i don't wanna share your beautyKuroko: That's gay.Himurocchi: sorry I'm takentakao!: omg ):takao!: my poor, gay heart )):Kuroko: Me, when Kagami-kun fails to notice my flirting.takao!: wooow so he is as oblivious as shin-chan says he is????takao!: phew boy i'm gonna pray for youKuroko: Gee, thanks.takao!: (;;takao!: i'll pray for everyone's love lifeHimurocchi: my love life is fine, thank you very muchtakao!: ok sweetie
Kuroko has given takao! the "idiot" role
takao!: UM RUDEtakao!: wait why can't i send pictures???Himurocchi: it was originally Aomine's role, I don't know what he did to deserve it thoughryouta: Aominecchi "accidentally" sent a dick pic to the chat and Kurokocchi decided "nope" and took away his media privileges!takao!: OHMYGODtakao!: that story definitely makes up for me not being able to send picturesKuroko: Oh, I forgot that they can't send media.
Kuroko removed the "idiot" role from Kagami and takao!

Kuroko created the "idiot v2" role, adding it to Kagami and takao!
takao!: sent offended.jpgHimurocchi: you can't meme yourself out of this one, Kazunaritakao!: :oHimurocchi: oh, sorry, was calling you by your first name crossing a boundary?takao!: no, please continuetakao!: makes me forget about the fact that shin-chan won't call me kazunari ):Himurocchi: am I sensing romantic tension?takao!: you're sensing repressed gay desiresKuroko: What a relatable thing to say.takao!: (;10:33am - #gay-feelingstakao!: why isn't the normal idiot role allowed in this chat?Kuroko: Aomine-kun is a sin.takao!: can i rant about all my gay feelings in here?Kuroko: Sure, but everyone sans Aomine-kun can see it.takao!: sweettakao!: so i'm gay for shin-chan and i will now proceed to rant as to why10:53am - #gay-feelingstakao!: in conclusion, i have very strong feelings for shin-chanKuroko: Why not tell him to his face?takao!: too scaredtakao!: you understand, right? because you flirt w/ kagami instead of telling him you like him?Kuroko: You're right...takao!: anyway I'm Gay @Midorima fix this10:56am - takao! went offline7:34pm - GoM & Co™Kuroko: @takao! dig your grave.takao!: the fuck did i doKuroko: Kagami-kun saw what you wrote in #gay-feelings.takao!: which would mean you got a boyfriend righttakao!: c'mon you can't tell me it wasn't mutualKuroko: It is not mutual.takao!: you're shitting meKuroko: Why would I lie?Kuroko: honestly i don't even care it's not like it's the end of th e world7:38pm - Kuroko left the servertakao!: oh shit ):takao!: @Kagami7:39pm - Akashi and Kagami came onlineAkashi: ...Kagami: holy shit noKagami: I didn't mean it like that...Akashi: Then what did you mean it like? Hmm?Kagami: when I told him I saw him as my partner, he didn't let me finish7:42pm - Kagami went offlinetakao!: ):<Akashi: ):< indeed8:52pm - Kuroko joined the server, invited by Kagamiryouta: Kurokocchi!!! you're okay!!! ˚‧º·(˚ ˃̣̣̥᷄⌓˂̣̣̥᷅ )‧º·˚Kuroko: Yes I am, Kise-kun.Kuroko: ...Kuroko: ♥(ˆ⌣ˆԅ)Himurocchi: that's so cute I just shed a tearAkashi: @Kagami You're safe for now.Kagami: .. ok.ryouta: I wan't someone to get protective over me the same way Akashicchi gets protective over Kurokocchi o(╥﹏╥)oAkashi: ...It could be arranged?ryouta: ...?Akashi: ...Don't worry about it.takao!: i bet my entire ass that the feeling was mutual and kuroko just didn't listenKuroko: I'm going to beat your ass.takao!: please be gentle it's my first time (；๏д๏)Kuroko: Sin.Himurocchi: this chat but every time someone breathes it gets gayerKuroko: Kagami-kun breathed and I got gayer.ryouta: me when I first saw KagamicchiAkashi: ...Kagami: please spare me, Akashiryouta: however, Akashicchi was the one to give me my bi awakening!Akashi: ...What?ryouta: I saw you at practice and thought, "wow I'd let him kick me in the face" and that was when Kise Ryouta realised he was bisexualAkashi: ...Nice.Kuroko: Nice going, Akashi-kun.Akashi: I will end you.Kuroko: No you won't.Akashi: Debatable.4:58pm - kotarou joined the server, invited by Akashikotarou: OK COOLkotarou: MISSION SUCCESSHimurocchi: wh4:59pm - Reo joined the server, invited by kotarou5:00pm - Nebuya joined the server, invited by kotarou5:00pm - teppei joined the server, invited by kotaroukotarou: you can't have a gom chat and not invite the uncrowned kings ):<Himurocchi: what about Hanamiya Makoto? Isn't he an uncrowned king?teppei: Honestly fuck that guyKagami: KIYOSHISENPAIkotarou: he destroyed your last year of basketball honestly fuck that guyAkashi: Kotarou, if you happen to have an accident at practice, it wasn't me.kotarou: !!!! my mum just um broke her leg looks like i gotta go home what a shameAkashi: Skip practice and you'll wish you were dead.kotarou: f uck5:03pm - kotarou went offlineAkashi: Good.5:04pm - Akashi went offline5:05pm - #gay-feelingsryouta: Akashicchi scares me but in the way that I'd let him tie me to my bed and have his way with meHimurocchi: WH5:07pm - Kuroko pinned a message to the chat



Chapter End Notes
i love the uncrowned kings dont @ me. also, the introduction of them means the introduction of 2 new ships that i won't tag until i add them. take a guess what they are (;


midorima's drug adventure: explained
Chapter Notes
fair warning that in future chapters i will most likely insult hanamiya a LOT so sorry if you like him but i will nev e r be nice to him

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




4:44pm - GoM & Co™takao!: i’m gay and i can’t do mathHimurocchi: sameAkashi: I'm bi and I can do math.ryouta: nobody likes a show-off, Akashicchi (ꐦ ಠ皿ಠ )Kuroko: That's not what you said the other day.ryouta: google search how to get away with murderKuroko: (;takao!: fun drinking game: take a shot every time someone acts out of characterHimurocchi: you'd dietakao!: that's the pointHimurocchi: oh okayryouta: Aominecchi should play that game!!ahomine: WHAT DO YOU GUYS HAVE AGAINST MEKuroko: Sin.teppei: I should play that game with hanamiyaKagami: KIYOSHISENPAIWHYtakao!: game change: take a shot every time someone insults either aomine or hanamiyaHimurocchi: you'd diehayama: @teppei we should break into hanamiya's house and shave his eyebrows off !!teppei: Oh golly that would be horrifyingKagami: he'd destroy your other knee!!teppei: Not if I destroy his firstKagami: ...Kuroko: Kagami-kun, Riko-senpai said that if you're late to practice she's tripling your training.Kagami: oh would you look at that my dad just keeled over and fucking died gotta go4:55pm - Kagami went offlineHimurocchi: don't listen to him his dad is still in Americatakao!: americans can't die?Himurocchi: indeedHimurocchi: it's physically impossible for either your brain or organs to stop working as long as you live in AmericaHimurocchi: that's why the medical expenses are so highryouta: sounds horribletakao!: you sound horribleryouta: SAY THAT TO MY FACE (ꐦ°᷄д°᷅)takao!: AIGHT BITCHAkashi: Yes, say that to his face.takao!: nvm i take it back, you're lovely kiseryouta: you flatter me (⁄ ⁄^⁄ᗨ⁄^⁄ ⁄)Kuroko: Day 1186 of Kise-kun's obliviousness, things are looking very bleak for Akashi-kun.Akashi: You've been keeping count?Kuroko: You haven't?Kuroko: It makes for great teasing material.Akashi: You say that as if you were the reason that you and Kagami got together...Kuroko: Dark web tell me how to hide a body.Akashi: I don't need the dark web to tell me how to do that.Akashi: Watch out, Tetsuya.5:03pm - Kuroko went offlinetakao!: fuck shin-chan, akashi is my new favourite gomHimurocchi: funny how you'd say "fuck shin-chan" considering that's what you're trying to dotakao!: don't call me out like this, tatsuya ):takao!: tatsu-chantakao!: babytakao!: the best bff i could ever ask fortakao!: platonic love of my lifeHimurocchi: wanna go on a date?takao!: g-gasp...cheating on murasakibara?!Himurocchi: a-a friend dateHimurocchi: you can be my b(est)f(riend)takao!: dealahomine: what the fuck?ryouta: this reminds me of when Midorimacchi did drugs...Akashi: When Midorima's lucky item was a box of brownie mix, but the person he bought it off was shady, and when he baked them the next day they turned out to be weed brownies?ryouta: OHMYGOD THAT'S WHY????ryouta: HE REFUSED TO TELL USryouta: AKASHICCHI I LOVE YOUAkashi: ...Me too.ryouta: he refused to tell you too?? then how'd you find out??Akashi: ...An Akashi has his ways.ahomine: they obviously don't have a way to get the guy they like lolAkashi: Maybe I should pay a visit to Sakurai...ahomine: OHMY GOD NO SHUT UP ILL SHUT UP PLEASE NOAkashi: (:ryouta: oh, Akashicchi, did you get rejected? (;•͈́༚•͈̀)Akashi: Ah, no, not yet.Akashi: But thank you for worrying for me, Kise.ryouta: of course I'd worry for you!!ryouta: you're one of my closest friends and I'd hate to see you sad!!Akashi: ...That means a lot to me.AkashI: Thank you, Kise.ryouta: it's no problem, Akashicchi! i'm only speaking the truth!Akashi: ...Akashi: You mean a lot to me too, Kise.8:35pm - GoM & Co™Kagami: Tetsuya, for the last time I am not letting you walk all the way to my house so that I can make you a milkshake!Himurocchi: he brought out the first name!!!Kuroko: Sorry Taiga-kun, but I fear that I am already outside of your apartment.Himurocchi: oh I forgot that that's a thing couples doHimurocchi: I was hoping for some entertainmentKagami: ):< TetsuyaKuroko: (:< Taiga-kuntakao!: are they always like this?teppei: Pretty much, yesteppei: From what I've heard from Hyuuga, they're pretty rowdy at practicetakao!: always arguing rowdy or fucking in the locker rooms rowdy?teppei: Making out on the court rowdyKagami: THAT WAS ONE TIMEteppei: It still happened!Kagami: ):<Kuroko: Like you can talk, Kiyoshi-senpaiteppei: Kuroko, no.Kuroko: You're on thin ice, senpai.teppei: ):takao!: HOW COULD YOU MAKE HIM SADtakao!: kuroko's gotta goKuroko: no utakao!: understandable good day 



Chapter End Notes
happy pride month!! i'm tryna rush out a few chapters between assignments and exams, but i hope you guys are having fun ! <3[ p.s. this doesn't quite reach 1k words so i'll write extra next chapter! ]


kagami vs aomine: the long-awaited battle
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




12:02pm -  GoM & Co™Kuroko: Does anyone want to see a video of my child?takao!: your what nowKuroko: My child.Himurocchi: Taiga’s certainly been busyKagami: oh fuck youKuroko: sent nigou.mp4takao!: that makes a lot more senseryouta: he’s so cute Kurokocchi !! (*≧∀≦*)Kagami: that’s because he looks like Tetsuya and Tetsuya is the cutestKuroko: You flatter me, Taiga-kun.Kagami: all part of the job descriptionahomine: i was going to send a video of bakagami running from that damn dog but someone took away my media privilegesKuroko: I did not, and will never, want to make seeing your penis a regular occurrence, Aomine-kun.ahomine: only one person will see my dick on a regular basis (;Kagami: so, yourself?ahomine: oh fuck youKagami: sorry I have standards ://takao!: wait why does aomine have a video of kagami dont you two hate each other?Himurocchi: They're friendsKuroko: They're friends.ahomine: stop lying tetsu i'd never made friends with himKagami: only because you're worried I'll kick your ass but keep talkingahomine: i'd like to see you tryKagami: we can go, right nowKagami: meet me outside you little bitchahomine: you're on12:14pm - Kagami & ahomine went offlineryouta: 2,000 yen says Aominecchi eats dirt.Himurocchi: 3,000 yen says they're equaltakao!: record it for us kurokoKuroko: Already on it.Kuroko: Taiga-kun is winning.Himurocchi: Back off, you're biasedKuroko: ):ryouta: unacceptable!takao!: agreed, tatsuya's gotta go ://Himurocchi: Don't do this to me Kazunari, I thought you loved metakao!: exactly: lovedHimurocchi: G-gasp...what do I tell the children?!?takao!: tell 'em i found a better manHimurocchi: No man is better than me fuck youtakao!: i would if i could, tatsu-chaaan~Kuroko: Taiga-kun won.Kuroko: sent lookatmyman.mp4ryouta: I'm gayKuroko: Me too, Kise-kun.ryouta: also, @Himurocchi pay upHimurocchi: Well. I'm not even mad.Himurocchi: I'm going to send that to Sakurai & MomoiKuroko: Please don't. I like it when my boyfriend is breathing.takao!: why them?ryouta: Aominecchi protection squad!!takao!: why would anyone want to protect that losertakao!: he's not cute like you or kuroko or tatsuyatakao!: or meAkashi: I believe Sakurai has deep feelings for Aomine, for some reason.takao!: how do you know thattakao!: no wait dont tell metakao!: an akashi has his waysAkashi: No, I've just seen them interact.Himurocchi: get wrecked kazunaritakao!: i'll wreck youHimurocchi: Please be gentle with metakao!: never (;Himurocchi: Hello 911, I was threatenedtakao!: this is japan you loserHimurocchi: As an American I’m very offendedtakao!: yoU’RE NOT EVEN AMERICANHimurocchi: Stop hurting me with your words, Kazunaritakao!: would you rather i hurt you with my fists?Himurocchi: I just asked you to be gentle ):Kuroko: I think that’s enough.ryouta: KUROKOCCHI ☆*:.｡. o(≧▽≦)o .｡.:*☆ Akashi: Cute.Himurocchi: Kuroko, how’s my little buddy doing?Kuroko: I don’t know, ask Murasakibara-kun.takao!: o-ouchHimurocchi: Low blow ):Kuroko: If you want to know how Taiga-kun’s doing, he’s currently ready to “beat Aomine-kun’s ass” again because he refuses to move from the spot in which he was knocked down to 20 minutes ago and Taiga-kun needs to put things there.Himurocchi: The hero we all need but don’t deserve.takao!: idk we deserve some peace and quiet from aomine every once in a whiletakao!: and if that peace happens to come from kagami beating the everloving shit out of him? so be it!ryouta: ...brutalAkashi: I approve.ryouta: Akashicchi--Kuroko: I also approve.Himurocchi: I'm sending this to Sakurai and MomoiKuroko: I have to go stop Taiga-kun from beating Aomine-kun up bye12:35pm - Kuroko went offlinetakao!: how convenientryouta: very convenient (ー_ーゞtakao!: @Akashi, you said you believe sakurai has feelings for aomine??Akashi: Indeed I did.takao!: do you wanna ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) maybe ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) set them up ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Akashi: Please put that face away.ryouta: OOH SETTING AOMINECCHI AND SAKURAI UP?? CAN WE AKASHICCHI??Akashi: ...Fine, but leave me out of it.ryouta: YAY (ﾉ^ヮ^)ﾉ*:・ﾟ✧takao!: whipAkashi: I will fight you, and I will win.takao!: oh, i dont doubt ittakao!: my kink is getting the shit beaten out of meHimurocchi: That's not healthy...takao!: ur not healthyHimurocchi: Mean ):ryouta: is your friendship based off of mutually insulting each other?takao!: like you and a*mineryouta: why did you sensor Aominecchi's name--12:40pm - Kuroko came onlineKuroko: I sensed sin.takao!: that's whyryouta: understandable12:42pm - koutarou came onlinekoutarou: 1) why do you guys always insult aomine? and 2) can i join?takao!: aomine is about to get ended



Chapter End Notes
if i made a discord would anyone join it? i wanna make more friends to yell about knb with (／≧ω＼)[ also ik i said this chapter would be longer but i still have a lot of stuff to worry about with school so i'll try to write smth longer when break starts !! ]


they get nicknames. those nicknames suck.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




6:30pm - GoM & Co™takao!: i've been watching vine compilations to forget the fact that shin-chan doesn't love meAkashi: Does it work?takao!: sometimes, yesryouta: Akashicchi, Takaocchi, are you okay?? (❁°͈▵°͈)Himurocchi: ok how come I'm the only one that had to ask for -cchi at the end of my name???Kagami: you're literally the only person that wanted itHimurocchi: y'all are just mean ):<Kuroko: No, we have self-respect.Himurocchi: ):Himurocchi: is it bully Tatsuya day?takao!: every day is bully tatsuya dayKagami: sounds fun I'm inHimurocchi: BICTHtakao!: learn 2 spell, then we'll talkHimurocchi: learn to capitalize ):<ahomine: is it just a thing for close friends to be at each other's throats 24/7?ryouta: so you admit that you and Kagamicchi are close friends?ahomine: blockedKagami: reportedahomine: my mum's calling your mumKagami: you're not invited to my teen queen sweet sixteen summer beach bash birthday partytakao!: OHMYFGFOryouta: WHYHimurocchi: AT LEAST KAZUNARI CAPITALIZED???takao!: i'm going to delete myselfHimurocchi: you do thattakao!: ... ):<6:43pm - takao! changed Himurocchi's nickname to bullybully: thanks, I hate it!takao!: thanks, i hate you!bully: HSHGS AND I'M THE BULLY???takao!: YES???6:45pm - bully changed takao!'s nickname to bullyV2bullyV2: I HATE Y'ALLryouta: (´;︵;`)bullyV2: I HATE Y'ALL SANS KISEryouta: (ﾉ^ヮ^)ﾉ*:・ﾟ✧bully: BITCHahomine: BITCHKagami: BITCHbullyV2: DONT BITCH ME Y'ALL UGLYbully: I'll have you know that I'm very prettybullyV2: you are it hurtsbully: (;6:47pm - teppei came onlineteppei: On the topic of ugly, I saw Hanamiya todaybullyV2: teppei you're a legendteppei: I know, thanksbully: get roasted kazunaribullyV2: no ubully: understandable have a good day3:12am - GoM & Co™bullyV2: if nigou looks like kuroko and kagami loves kuroko does that make him a furry10:00am - GoM & Co™Kagami: the fuck?bullyV2: no denial?10:01am - bullyV2 changed Kagami's nickname to furryfurry: NOfurry: WHY CANT I CHANGE MY NICKNAMEKuroko: I changed your role back to the same as Aomine-kun.furry: WHYKuroko: This is funny.furry: ):<bullyV2: you denying it proves it even morefurry: i dont want to be the only one with a weird nickname ):10:03am - bullyV2 changed Kuroko's nickname to furallyfurally: I take it back I hate this.bullyV2: you're welcome10:03am - ryouta came onlineryouta: wh10:04am - bullyV2 changed ryouta's nickname to obliviusfurry: HOW COME HIS IS TRUEbullyV2: a kick in the right directionoblivious: how am I oblivious??furally: Somebody in this chat has feelings for you.furry: TETSUYA???????bullyV2: BOY WYD HE'S GONNA KILL YOUfurally: I'm down for that if it means I don't have to have this stupid nickname anymore.furry: no I refusefurally: <3oblivious: ONE OF YOU GUYS HAS A CRUSH ON ME????furally: At least one. I don't know these people.oblivious: omg!!!!!bullyV2: kise brokeoblivious: it's weird for someone to have a crush on me for my personality over my looks??oblivious: I really hope whoever it is confesses, I would love to grow to see them as a lover ₍՞◌′ᵕ‵ू◌₎♡bullyV2: TOO CUTE10:10am - Kuroko > AkashiKuroko: Check the chat, Akashi-kun.10:10am - GoM & Co™10:10am - Akashi came onlineAkashi: Oh.Akashi: That is a very sweet thought, Kise.oblivious: (๑>ᴗ<๑)10:11am - bullyV2 changed Akashi's nickname to obviousobvious: Murder is not legal, Seijuro. Refrain.bullyV2: I Suddenly Have To Go.10:11am - bullyV2 went offlineoblivious: ?10:12am - bully came online10:12am - bully changed obvious's nickname to Loverboyfurally: The hero we all need but don't deserve.Loverboy: Kuroko, I gave you administrator privileges because I knew you wouldn't let this chat become a mess.Loverboy: But what did you do?furally: I let this chat become a mess...Loverboy: Despicable.furally: I'm sorry, Akashi-kun.bully: bet.furally: No.bully: BETfurally: NO.Loverboy: I regret this chat.9:20am - GoM & Co™bullyV2: Hi I'm Boredbully: don't text in class you loserbullyV2: a tad bit hypocriticalbully: I'm a second year I can do what I wantbullyV2: understandable have a nice dayoblivious: math can stab me and not in the fun waybullyV2: when is getting stabbed fun????oblivious: when it's Akashicchi doing the stabbingbullyV2: ????9:22am - furally pinned a message to the chatoblivious: KUROKOCCHI'S BEEN DEMOTED TO KUROKOfurally: What will I ever do now?bullyV2: what happened to our previous innocent kuroko?furally: Dead.bullyV2: rip he'll be mistfurally: I'd say no you but that'd be a lie.bully: GET ROASTED KAZUNARIbullyV2: GET FUCKED TATSUYAbully: I can't I'm in class ),:bullyV2: stop flaunting your relationship i h8 youbully: sucks to suck 



Chapter End Notes
I WENT ONTO THE FURRY SIDE OF REDDIT TO GET KUROKOS NICKNAME I HATE THISanyway, hi, the link to the discord server i created is here it's a work in progress please don't bully me for the namES anyway i'd be happy even if only one of you joined n screamed with me (,:[there's also a section where u can ask me abt this fic n bully me into writing the next chapters bc i have no self motivation thx] + i'm going to bed as i post this so i wont be online for about 8 hours it'll be lonely till then m sorry


operation get aomine (& akashi) a boyfriend
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




2:43pm - GoM & Co™
furally: sent whyishesodumb.mp4
bully: IS THAT RYOUTA AND AKASHI
bullyV2: "the person i like is very oblivious to my feelings" WAY TO BE OBVIOUS
bully: I can't believe Ryouta straight-up told him to confess
bullyV2: "i like you, kise"
bullyV2: "yes,, like that!!!"
furry: i think i saw a tear on Akashi's cheek
bullyV2: the way you zoomed in on his face was like one of those "hello darkness my old friend" videos
bully: how'd you even get that video?
furally: Taiga-kun and I were walking to the basketball court and saw them there.
bullyV2: doesn't akashi live really far away, though?
bullyV2: OMG HOLD THAT THOUGHT
bullyV2: sent rip.jpg
furally: Why is Midorima-kun lying on the ground?
bullyV2: he went to adjust his glasses and poked the lenses
bullyV2: he looked so horrified and he kinda just...crumpled to the ground
bully: sounds like some dumb shit you'd do, Kazunari
bullyV2: poke shin-chan in the eye? yea
bully: PFT OKAY
furally: sent hedidthat.mp4
bully: DID HE REALLY JUST
bully: "YOU'RE SO STUPID AND I LOVE YOU"
bully: how does Ryouta still not understand?
furally: He is not the brightest...
bully: remember when Taiga could relate?
furry: We do not talk about that.
bully: oh but we do (;
furry: google search how do I delete my best friend
bully: AW I'M YOUR BEST FRIEND?
furry: NO BACK OFF
bully: TAIGA THAT'S SO CUTE
furry: NO
furry: wait
furry: ...Kise just pulled out his phone?
2:58pm - ryouta > Kuroko
ryouta: Akashicchi just told me he loves me but I don't know if it's like a friend or more and I'm frEAKING OUT KUROKOCCHI HELP ME (ノ´ロ`)ノ
Kuroko: Do you like Akashi-kun, Kise-kun?
ryouta: PFT
ryouta: HA
ryouta: ...I don't know.
Kuroko: Oh deary me.
Kuroko: Kise-kun, it shouldn't really matter if Akashi-kun meant it romantically or not if you're unsure of your own feelings. Even if he meant it platonically, you're a very pretty boy with a lot of good qualities, so I'm sure that it would be easy for Akashi-kun to fall for you.
ryouta: Kurokocchi saying something nice about me?!?!
ryouta: but I don't really see a future where Akashicchi could fall for me...
Kuroko: That's okay Kise-kun. But I'm sure it could happen.
ryouta: thank you Kurokocchi!
ryouta: now I need to pay attention to Akashicchi before he thinks im bored!!
Kuroko: Enjoy your date, Kise-kun.
ryouta: it's not a date（＊〇□〇）……！
Kuroko: Okay, Kise-kun.
3:15pm - Kuroko created Kise-kun and Akashi-kun are dumb
3:16m - Kagami, Tatsuya & takao! joined the server, invited by Kuroko
Tatsuya: agreed but why
Kuroko: sent kisekunwhy.jpg
Tatsuya: oh ok
Kagami: wow.
takao!: what a predicament indeed.
takao!: so we're gonna set them up right?
Tatsuya: exactly what I was thinking!
Kagami: that cannot end badly at all
Kuroko: I agree with Taiga-kun.
takao!: c'mon..!
takao!: it'll help me distract myself from my unrequited crush ):
Kuroko: ...
Kagami: I'm mentally weak so I'm in
Kuroko: ...If Taiga-kun agrees, I do as well.
takao!: YES!!!
takao!: but how are we gonna do it?
Kuroko: Next weekend I can call a GoM + Taiga-kun basketball match and make sure they're always on the same team?
Tatsuya: Good idea, can I come?
Kuroko: I don't see why not.
takao!: CAN I COME TOO??
takao!: AS SHIN-CHAN'S PLUS ONE?
Kuroko: Again, I don't see why not.
takao!: yes
takao!: ALSO KUROKO COULD YOU DO ME A FAVOUR??
Kuroko: Depends if it involves a dead body or not.
takao!: would you help me if it did?
Kuroko: I'm afraid that that information is classified at this time.
Kuroko: However, hypothetically speaking, I would.
takao!: ...moving on
takao!: could you create a channel in the main chat that's not accessible to aomine called "operation get aomine a bf"
Kuroko: Done.
takao!: sweet
3:28pm - GoM & Co™
bullyV2: aomine's not online phew
furally: I have never related to a sentence more in my life.
furry: didn't you two used to be best friends?
furally: I also used to have a crush on him but times have changed, Taiga-kun.
furally: I have standards now.
bullyV2: FUJC ROAST HIM
bullyV2: wait that's not why i'm here
bullyV2: @bully add sakurai
bully: oh I like where this is going
bully: I sent him an invitation, now all we have to do is wait
bullyV2: @furally before he gets here get a role ready that can't access the Scheme Chat please
furally: Only because you said please.
bullyV2: would it be appropriate to tell you i love you in this situation?
furry: No.
bullyV2: HAHA
3:32pm - Sakurai joined the server, invited by bully
Sakurai: Sorry for the intrusion..!
bully: don't worry about it Sakurai!
furally: You're no trouble.
Sakurai: Ah, I'm sorry, but I don't recognise any of you..?
bully: oh right
3:33pm - bully changed their nickname to Tatsuya
3:33pm - Tatsuya changed bullyV2's nickname to Kazunari
3:34pm - Tatsuya changed furally's nickname to Kuroko
3:34pm - Tatsuya changed furry's nickname to Taiga
Kazunari: kuroko got last-name-zoned
Kuroko: Good.
Tatsuya: oh, my bad
3:36pm - Tatsuya changed Kuroko's nickname to Tetsuya
Kazunari: too close
Tetsuya: I've removed your nickname privileges, Himuro-kun.
Tatsuya: sad, you just removed Ryouta's as well.
Tetsuya: I never liked that guy anyway.
3:37pm - Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝) came online
Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝): Tetsu-kun's just jealous because of Ki-chan and Dai-chan's relationship back at Teikou!
Tetsuya: Well.
Tetsuya: It looks like Momoi's gotta go.
Tatsuya: Elaborate. Please.
Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝): So we all know of Tetsu-kun's crush on Dai-chan, yes?
Sakurai: Kuroko has a crush on Aomine?!?
Sakurai: I'm sorry I'll back off I'm sorry!!!!!
Tetsuya: I used to, Sakurai-kun. It's fine.
Sakurai: Oh, okay. That's a relief.
Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝): Anyway, Tetsu-kun had a crush on Dai-chan, but so did Ki-chan!
Tatsuya: the plot thickens
Kazunari: OT3
Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝): And it turns out that Dai-chan liked Ki-chan too!
Taiga: I'm going to go give my boyfriend love right now at this very moment in time goodbye.
Tatsuya: oh.
Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝): So Dai-chan and Ki-chan started dating, but broke up after Teikou fell apart. They lasted about 6 months.
Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝): I think Tetsu-kun is still angry because he feels like he and Dai-chan could have had a longer relationship than he and Ki-chan?
Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝): I don't know, but it was very disheartening for both Akashi-kun and I!
Kazunari: ?
Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝): Seeing the person you're in love with fall in love with someone else is very heartbreaking, no?
Kazunari: wait. so.
Kazunari: you mean to tell me that akashi's liked kise since middle school?
Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝): I believe he started having feelings for him about a month after he became a regular?
Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝): At least, that's when I picked up on his feelings, at least...
Kazunari: that must've been really tough
Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝): We got through it, didn't we?
Momoi (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝): I got over Tetsu-kun, Akashi-kun is trying his hardest to court Ki-chan, and Tetsu-kun fell for Kagamin, so it all worked out!
Kazunari: speaking of, where'd they go?
3:53pm - Loverboy came online
Loverboy: sent blackmailmaterial.jpg
Loverboy: Kise and I found these two cuddling on a park bench.
Tatsuya: CUTE
Loverboy: Wait, my name...
Tatsuya: I got you.
Tatsuya: oh wait
Tatsuya: Kuroko removed my privileges...):
3:55pm - Kazunari changed Loverboy's nickname to Seijuro
Seijuro: Oh, okay.
Tatsuya: maybe now Ryouta will call you buy your first name?
Seijuro: We can only hope.



Chapter End Notes
hi, characterizing new characters is hard
anyway, once again, there's a link to the knb discord i made here, and it would be great if you joined us!


'the cute one'
Chapter Notes
there's a bit of bday discussion and i'm going to pretend that i didn't forget kise's birthday

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




7:00pm - GoM & Co™Kazunari: @Everyone we're going to all play basketball at the local court for shin-chan's birthday on the 7th be there or i'll eat you aliveTaiga: who's classified as 'everyone'?Kazunari: the gom and a plus oneSakurai: Sorry but, can I come as Aomine's plus one?Kazunari: of course!Sakurai: ..Yay!!kotarou: @Seijuro CAN I BE YOUR PLUS ONE??Seijuro: No, you're staying home.koutarou: ):Kazunari: akashi's gotta goSeijuro: Why would you even want to come?koutarou: so I can beg Kuroko to bring someone from his teamTaiga: I'm Tetsuya's plus onekoutarou: be Momoi's plus one so that Kuroko can bring the cute one from his teamTaiga: Tetsuya is the cute onekoutarou: you're impossibleTetsuya: I know.Tetsuya: But why do you want me to bring whoever 'the cute one' is, Hayama-kun?koutarou: because they're cute and I like them???koutarou: why else?Tetsuya: Oh.koutarou: moving on, @Seijuro can I be your plus one?Seijuro: ...I suppose.koutarou: YES!!oblivious: Kagamicchi can be my plus one (ﾉ^ヮ^)ﾉ*:・ﾟ✧Kazunari: oh shit kise's name7:10pm - Kazunari changed oblivious's nickname to ryoutaryouta: back to square one7:10pm - Kuroko > koutarouKuroko: Who's the pretty one that I need to bring?koutarou: Izuki ShunKuroko: ...Kuroko: Why would you subject yourself to that?koutarou: he's cute and funny I guessKuroko: "I guess."Kuroko: ...I'll ask him, and if he asks why I'm ratting you out.koutarou: fine by meKuroko: ...You owe me7:18pm - GoM & Co™Kazunari: so who's birthday's after shin-chan's?Taiga: mine? august 2ndkoutarou: july 25th! ha!Taiga: go away, you're oldkoutarou: ):Kazunari: kagami's gotta goTaiga: okKazunari: damn7:22pm - Tatsuya came onlineTatsuya: ah, Shuuzou's birthday is on the 10th...Tetsuya: Shuuzou?Tetsuya: As in Nijimura Shuuzou?Tatsuya: do you know him?Tetsuya: Only because he captained the Teikou basketball first string until his father fell ill.Tatsuya: oh shitSeijuro: Ah, Nijimura-san.Tatsuya: is he the only person you use an honorific when addressing?Seijuro: Maybe so.7:25pm - ahomine came onlineahomine: i just woke up someone explain why Ryou's hereTatsuya: it's almost 7:30pm??ahomine: and? is someone going to explain or what?Tatsuya: you never cease to amaze me, Aomine...ahomine: thanks i'm pretty great now someone explainryouta: why so desperate to know, Aominecchi (๑•̌.•̑๑)ˀ̣ˀ̣ryouta: you didn't even care when everyone else was added!Tatsuya: no, he freaked when Taiga was added!ahomine: shut up oh my godSakurai: Eh? Aomine is scared of Kagami?ahomine: no aomine is not scared of bakagamiTatsuya: ...rightTatsuya: shall we lie again and say that you won the fight against Taiga as well?ahomine: SHUT UPSakurai: Aomine got into a fight!? Are you okay?!ahomine: of course I'm fine...ryouta: nothing but a bruised ego (*•̀ᴗ•́*)و ̑̑ahomine: stop making me look bad in front of Ryou..!ryouta: ...oh my godTatsuya: ..you see it too, Ryouta?ahomine: ?ryouta: AOMINECCHI ACTUALLY CAPITALISED SOMEONE'S NAME!!!! ⁽⁽٩(๑˃̶͈̀ ᗨ ˂̶͈́)۶⁾⁾ahomine: ...7:30pm - ahomine went offlineTatsuya: every time...Sakurai: Is Aomine okay???Tatsuya: perhaps you should ask him?Sakurai: Good idea!! I'll do that now!!Tatsuya: good luck!Sakurai: Thank you!!7:31pm - Sakurai went offlineryouta: he's cute can I keep him??Seijuro: No.Tatsuya: whoa there buddySeijuro: If he and Aomine end up dating, chances are that Aomine would be less annoying.Tatsuya: nice saveSeijuro: And it would grant us more blackmail and roast material.Tatsuya: PFTkoutarou: is Kuroko online???Tetsuya: Hi.koutarou: SWEETkoutarou: Kuroko I've seen the chat to plot Aomine and Sakurai's betrothalTatsuya: betrothal is a nice wordkoutarou: and I was wonderingTetsuya: Yes..?koutarou: if you could help set me and Izuki up?Taiga: IZUKI-SENPAI IS THE PRETTY ONE??koutarou: YEAH???Tetsuya: Sorry, Hayama-kun, but I have a limit of 2 plots operating at a time.ryouta: 2..?Tetsuya: Which is why I will gladly accept your request!ryouta: (・_・ヾTatsuya: smoothTetsuya: Hush.7:38pm - Akashi > KurokoAkashi: I know the other plot is for Kise and I.Kuroko: I have no idea what you're talking about, Akashi-kun.Akashi: Tetsuya.Kuroko: Okay, fine.Kuroko: We're all sick of how dumb Kise-kun is being, so we created a new chat to discuss how we could possibly make Kise-kun realises your feelings towards him.Akashi: Delete the chat.Kuroko: Akashi-kun...Akashi: Tetsuya, I am handling it.Akashi: I want to convey my feelings to him myself, so please but out.Kuroko: ...Okay, Akashi-kun.Kuroko: I promise that I'll delete the chat.Akashi: Thank you, Kuroko.7:44pm - Kise-kun and Akashi-kun are dumbKuroko: Akashi-kun wants me to delete this chat.takao!: tell him no tfKuroko: I already did. He said no to my no.Tatsuya: this is so sad Taiga play despacitoKagami: I suddenly don't have a brother anymoreTatsuya: TAIGA NO..!!Kagami: take it backTatsuya: ...I take it backKagami: thankstakao!: hi um i reject akashi's rejection of your rejectionKuroko: And I reject your rejection of Akashi's rejection of my rejection.takao!: WHY?Kuroko: Akashi-kun wants to convey his feelings by himself, so I feel that it is right for us to leave this subject alone.takao!: ...okayTatsuya: I fully support him!!Kuroko: Thank you for understanding.7:49pm - Kuroko deleted Kise-kun and Akashi-kun are dumb7:50pm - koutarou > Kurokokoutarou: you're not actually gonna help me, are you?Kuroko: Izuki-senpai likes you as well so just ask him out please I beg of you I don't know how much more of this I can take.koutarou: ..?Kuroko: His jokes got worse.koutarou: gotcha



Chapter End Notes
aosaku and hayaizu are good for the soul and ill fight anyone that tries to tell me otherwise(aomine trying to impress sakurai makes my heart <3)


whip dab they all got dragged
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




6:21pm - GoM & Co™Tatsuya: the highlight of today was Kazunari decking Midorima and you can't convince me otherwiseteppei: now why would he do thatTatsuya: honestly, I don't know?? neither of them said anything about it..Seijuro: Could this be about how Midorima deleted this app right before Takao confessed to him through it?Tatsuya: YOU REALLY KNOW EVERYTHING DONT YOUSeijuro: I suppose so.Kazunari: YOU KNEW AND DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING???Seijuro: I suppose so.Kazunari: why didn't you say anything??Seijuro: It didn't occur to me that that would be beneficial.Kazunari: h o wSeijuro: ...That was a lie, Midorima and I have a confidentiality pact and he told me not to tell you.Kazunari: w h ySeijuro: I don't exactly know.Kazunari: ok but are you lying?Seijuro: ...Seijuro: Yes.Kazunari: tell me. please.6:30pm - Midorima came onlineMidorima: That kind of defeats the purpose of a secret, doesn't it?Kazunari: FCUK OFF SHINCHAnTatsuya: :oMidorima: I apologise, Takao.Kazunari: don't make me come beat you up againTatsuya: it seems that in order to start dating someone there needs to be some drama beforehand...koutarou: wrongkoutarou: I'm dating Izuki and there wasn't any drama :)Tatsuya: pureKazunari: shut up this isn't about you ):<koutarou: ):Tatsuya: don't listen to him, Hayama, we're very happy for you!koutarou: :)!Kazunari: imgonna beat my own assTatsuya: ...Kazunari ):Kazunari: i'm fin e i just need a breatherKazunari: justKazunari: a breather6:37pm - Kazunari went offlineTatsuya: ...Tatsuya: anyway, the tension between Sakurai and aomine was difficult to endure todayTetsuya: As is every day.Tatsuya: :o you're rightkoutarou: y'know who else's tension is difficult to endure?Seijuro: Say a word and I slit your throat.koutarou: ...koutarou: Akashi and Kise'skoutarou: I'm gonna go run for my life someone tell Shun that he means the world to me6:40pm - koutarou went offlineSeijuro: ...Tatsuya: it's okay Akashi, Ryouta isn't online right now!Seijuro: Oh, it's not that.Seijuro: The dumbass left Snapchat maps on so I'm trying to figure out when's the best time to strike.Tetsuya: Akashi-kun, no.Seijuro: Akashi-kun, yes.teppei: Akashi-kun, yes.Tatsuya: is this group's only purpose to insult each other?Tetsuya: Pretty much, yes.Akashi: Right, well.Akashi: I'm going to go hunt Hayama down, bye.6:43pm - Akashi went offlineTatsuya: legends onlyTetsuya: Akashi-kun is far from a legend.Tatsuya: f uckTatsuya: d e st r o y hi mTetsuya: :)6:45pm - ryouta came onlineryouta: what've I missedTatsuya: hi don't scroll upTetsuya: Way to go.Tatsuya: I may or may not have panickedryouta: oh.Tatsuya: I'm sorry please don't hurt me I didn't mean to reveal Akashi's crush on youryouta: I already knew that Akashicchi likes me, I was just worried for HayamaTatsuya: WHATTetsuya: WHAT?teppei: WHATryouta: I'm not as dumb as you guys think I amTatsuya: Ryouta, we don't think you're dumbTetsuya: Just a little oblivious at times.ryouta: ha haryouta: I read the chat when Momocchi explained the stuff between Aominecchi, Kurokocchi and Iryouta: and I'm not so dumb as to not believe it when the evidence is staring me straight in the faceTatsuya: wowTatsuya: why haven't you said anything?ryouta: I want to fall in love with Akashicchi before I say anythingTatsuya: ...Tatsuya: that's such a cute thought.ryouta: maybe soryouta: anyway, please delete these messages. I don't want Akashicchi to know anything.Tatsuya: gotcha budryouta: thank you10:34am- GoM & Co™Tetsuya: Taiga-kun is very attractive and I feel personally attacked by it.Tatsuya: I'd say I relate but Atsushi scares me sometimesryouta: men look hotter when they scare you (*^▽^*)Tetsuya: They're a match made in heaven...ryouta: (‘◇’)?koutarou: don't be so gay, KurokoTetsuya: I set you and Izuki-senpai up and I can break you up.Tetsuya: Don't test me, bitch.koutarou: I will shut up now.Tetsuya: good idearyouta: Kurokocchi!!ryouta: you kiss Kagamicchi with that mouth??（｀Δ´）Tetsuya: Every day I get closer and closer to banning Kise-kun from this chat.ryouta: RUDETatsuya: why don't you?ryouta: RUDETetsuya: You didn't hear it from me, but I'm scared of Akashi-kun.Tatsuya: what a relatable thing to sayTetsuya: Hush.Seijuro: Why is everyone scared of me?Tatsuya: OH GOD HE WAS ONLINETetsuya: I suddenly have to go walk Nigou.10:40am - Tetsuya went offlineTatsuya: weaklingryouta: AKASHICCHI!!Seijuro: Yes, Kise?ryouta: when do you leave?Seijuro: 5pm.ryouta: do you want to hang out? (≧∇≦*)Seijuro: It would be my greatest pleasure.ryouta: !!!ryouta: I'll send you a dm so that we can sort things out!Seijuro: Okay :)Tatsuya: /whip/Seijuro: I have no idea what you're implying.Tatsuya: ;)Seijuro: ...Seijuro: I have things to discuss with Kise, goodbye.Tatsuya: all alone ):Tatsuya: oh wait10:45am - Tetsuya came onlineTetsuya: I sensed a bad idea.Tatsuya: ;)Tetsuya: Oh, no.Tetsuya: Nothing good ever comes from you.Tatsuya: UM, RUDE10:47am - takao! joined the server, invited by Tatsuyatakao!: hewwo i-i've wetuwnyed :310:48am - Tetsuya banned takao! from the server



Chapter End Notes
happy belated birthday to midorima & nijimura (& me)every time i opened this to write it i'd also open bandori i think i have a problem


kise pls
Chapter Notes
timeline's not important in this fic considering it kinda takes place post last game but not really? but the first part takes place the day after midorima's bday (the same day as the ending of last chapter)also happy belated bday to kagami!! i love you, ya big dork <3

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




5:00pm - GoM & Co™Tetsuya: I witnessed a wonderful thing today.Tatsuya: tell us after you unban KazunariTetsuya: ...Tetsuya: Fine.5:01pm - takao! joined the server, invited by Tetsuyatakao!: 'sup bitchesryouta: déjà vu...Tetsuya: Ignoring him.takao!: rudeTetsuya: I witnessed a wonderful thing today.Taiga: we all didryouta: is this what I think it is..?Tetsuya: Akashi-kun blushed, full-faced red.Tatsuya: DID YOU GET A PICTURE???takao!: IF YOU DIDN'T GET A PICTURE IM LEAVINGTetsuya: I guess I have to delete that picture now...takao!: so mean ):Tetsuya: I don't want to send the picture.Tetsuya: I value my life.ryouta: oh, I wanted the picture (⌯˃̶᷄ ﹏ ˂̶᷄⌯)Tetsuya: Kise-kun will protect my life.Tetsuya: sent red,jpgtakao!: ok buttakao!: why was he blushing??Tetsuya: (:Taiga: (:ryouta: no..!Tetsuya: Taiga-kun and I ran into Akashi-kun and Kise-kun while they were spending the day together.Tetsuya: So we decided to all get lunch together.takao!: i don't know how i feel about where this is goingTaiga: hushTetsuya: So we were eating together, and Kise-kun mentions that it's 'cute' how Taiga-kun and I call each other by our given names.Tatsuya: Ryouta you're not slickTetsuya: And he turns to Akashi-kun and says, "isn't that right, Seijuro."Tetsuya: And thus, Akashi-kun blushed.ryouta: I want to dieTaiga: Akashi looked like he wanted to call Kise by his given name but didn'tTetsuya: He only calls us by our given names when he's mad.Taiga: ah, makes senseryouta: I would get on my knees the instant Akashicchi said my given name5:23pm - Tetsuya pinned a message to the chatryouta: KUROKOCCHI NOTetsuya: Kurokocchi yes.Tetsuya: Akashi-kun gave me admin privileges and I intend to use them to the fullest extent.ryouta: stop pinning the embarrassing things I say ˚‧º·(˚ ˃̣̣̥᷄⌓˂̣̣̥᷅ )‧º·˚Tetsuya: Stop saying embarrassing things.Tatsuya: he's got you there Ryoutaryouta: I don't need my mistakes immortalized5:25pm - ahomine came onlineahomine: you don't need tetsu's help for thatryouta: Kagamicchi beat aomine's ass againahomine: NOTetsuya: I agree with Kise-kun.Tetsuya: aomine-kun needs to be put in his place.ahomine: even tetsu's writing my name lowercase now??Tetsuya: Begone, sin.ahomine: at least Ryou and satsuki will show me loveTetsuya: You didn't even capitalize Momoi-san's name.ahomine: ohahomine: at least Ryou will show me loveryouta: a horrible decision, reallyahomine: shut up you're in love with our not-so-friendly neighbourhood yandere over thereryouta: love is such a strong wordryouta: I prefer the term smittenTatsuya: THAT'S SO CUTEahomine: again, with akashiryouta: Akashicchi really is fun to hang out with!! I enjoy spending time with him and it's always sad when he has to go back home...Tatsuya: @takao! our son's all grown up!takao!: i'm a proud dadryouta: (ﾉ´ヮ´)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧ahomine: grossTetsuya: aomine-kun is mad because nobody is stupid enough to fall for him in this day and ageTatsuya: not true!Tatsuya: he has you know whoTetsuya: Ah, yes.Tetsuya: Smart people can be so dumb sometimes.ahomine: ???Tetsuya: No.Tatsuya: aomine: breathesTatsuya: Kuroko: really? right in front of my salad?takao!: that meme's dead go homeTatsuya: oh god I wish I was that memetakao!: STOPTatsuya: no youtakao!: understandable7:45am - #operation-get-aomine-a-bftakao!: we never used this chat how fakeTetsuya: Does aomine-kun really deserve love?takao!: who knows i blanked during the edgy teikou backstorytakao!: anyway how are we gonna set them up?ryouta: subtle hinting?Tetsuya: did that work for you?ryouta: no...Tetsuya: aomine isn't as smart as you so of course it won't work for himtakao!: truthTatsuya: shut up you're dumb tootakao!: ouchTatsuya: ask Midorima out and then we'll talktakao!: NOtakao!: i'm still mad at him ):<Tatsuya: Jesus...ryouta: Akashicchi and I can double date with them!!Tatsuya: someone will dietakao!: hopefully aomineTaiga: Tetsuya and I can organise a 2v2 match with them?Tatsuya: good idea!!Tatsuya: I knew there was a reason that you're my favourite brother!Taiga: I'm...your only brother...Tatsuya: yet another reason!Taiga: I am so done with youtakao!: uh ohTatsuya: betrayed by my own flesh and bloodTaiga: ...Taiga: I'm not even going to say anythingTaiga: I'll ask Tetsuya to arrange a match with aomine and SakuraiTaiga: you two have funtakao!: will do!Tatsuya: thank you Taiga!!Taiga: yeah yeah5:30pm - GoM & Co™Taiga: why did I just see Takao and Midorima togetherTatsuya: OwOTaiga: blockedTatsuya: T^TTaiga: reportedTatsuya: -.-Taiga: deleting your numberTatsuya: OKAY FINETaiga: good boyTetsuya: What.Tatsuya: wow Kuroko really out here revealing his praise kink to the gcTetsuya: Sin.Tatsuya: only you sweatie xoxoxoryouta: Tatsuya is the equivalent of if you gave a 10 year old access to the internet in 2007Tatsuya: I take pride in that accusationTaiga: you shouldn'tTatsuya: but I doTaiga: impossibleTatsuya: (;Taiga: ignoring himTatsuya: rudeTaiga: why are Takao and Midorima together?Tatsuya: teenage hormones and desperationTaiga: ...Taiga: are you okay?Tatsuya: no I am oh so very tired goodnight5:42pm - Tatsuya went offlineTaiga: ...okryouta: Takao is a filthy liarTetsuya: Agreed but why?ryouta: "I'm still mad at him" my assTaiga: ABORT HE SAW ME AND BOLTEDTaiga: MIDORIMA'S STANDING THERE LOOKING LIKE HE HAD A STROKEryouta: BAHAHAHATaiga: TAKAO RUNS SO FASTryouta: goals5:48pm - takao! came onlinetakao!: STOP TALKING ABOUT MEryouta: explain why you were with Midorimacchi thentakao!: I'd rather dieryouta: I guess it's time for me to tell everyone about the time you pantsed Midorimacchi thentakao!: OKAY FINE ILL TALKryouta: we're listeningTetsuya: Please, enlighten us.takao!: ...takao!: it starts after i left shin-chan's birthday party... 



Chapter End Notes
me: akakise wont be canon until at least chapter 15 and midotaka won't be canon until after them!the little voice in the back of my brain: make them both canon now or i'll eat you


[hitting noises]
Chapter Notes
been reading a lot of dc stuff lately. no time for anime - japanese cartoons are for LOSERSextremely short because i haven't updated in forever and i'm too stressed w/ school to write more...also to protect the environment

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"Hey Akashicchi.""Yes, Kise?""I have something I want to tell you."5:50pm -  GoM & Co™takao!: it starts after i left shin-chan's birthday party...ryouta: I'm too impatient to wait that long tldrtakao!: impossible, the lot of youtakao!: tldr shinchan found me after his 'party' and told me he wanted to stay friends until he could see if he could fall in love with me. i said i'd think about it, then told him id like to agree last nightTatsuya: I sense an angsty sub-plottakao!: bite me????????Tatsuya: don't be gaytakao!: don't be homophobicTatsuya: LISTEN, BITCHtakao!: don't bitch me, bitchTatsuya: you did NOT just bitch me, bitchtakao!: BITCH6:00pm - Tetsuya banned Tatsuya and takao! from the serverTetsuya: Bitch.ryouta: Kurokocchi noTetsuya: Kuroko yes.ryouta: wellryouta: all right thenTaiga: I think it's finally time that I disown Tatsuyaryouta: can't disown him if you're not actually relatedTaiga: that just makes it easier6:07pm - takao! and Himuro joined the server, invited by SeijuroTetsuya: Traitor.Taiga: ban him againHimuro: ??????????Taiga: ban him againHimuro: gonna throw hands with my brotherTaiga: last I checked, you don't have oneHimuro: GONNA THROW HANDS WITH A LITTLE BITCHTaiga: I beat aomine so I can definitely beat youHimuro: hushTetsuya: No, do it.Himuro: HUSHryouta: I will pay to see this fight.takao!: i'd pay to participateSeijuro: Nobody's fighting anybody.takao!: i'll fight youSeijuro: No you won't.takao!: no i won'tHimuro: good boytakao!: i'm calling the policeHimuro: gee thankstakao!: you're welcome boo xoxoxoHimuro: calling HRtakao!: GEE THANKSTetsuya: I get a headache every time you two interact.takao!: goodHimuro: 'twas the goal my dudeTetsuya: My finger seems to be slipping faster and faster towards the ban button...Himuro: WE'LL BE GOODtakao!: i won'ttakao!: take me away from this hell chatTetsuya: Understandable.Tetsuya: Have a nice day.6:15pm - Tetsuya banned takao! from the server"Yes?""Um...I...""Kise, are you okay?""I- I think you're really great.""Thank you Kise. I think you're great, too."Crap. 



Chapter End Notes
haven't touched this fic in so long i forgot the texting styles and nicknames i set for them. anyway - might wrap this up after i tie up a few (FEW) loose ends...i really do have no interest in anime anymore (can't watch any without getting bored) and my knb interest is dwindling...probs not gonna write anything for a while, too. if i do, it'll probably be vld, and further down the track, some dc stuff. thank you so much for the ride so far! feel free to comment some things you'd like to see implemented before i end this fic :)


i don't remember who these characters are
Chapter Notes

[slides in on my heelies, coffee in one hand, super sons comic in the other]
wat up



7:12am - GoM & Co™Himuro: I miss Kazunari ):ryouta: tragic.Himuro: if it were not for the threat of Akashi Seijuro I would have your headryouta: <(￣︶￣)>Tetsuya: If I were to, theoretically, add Takao-san back to this chat, would you behave?Himuro: yesTetsuya: ...7: 15am - takao! joined the server, invited by Tetsuyatakao!: hello, hell chatHimuro: KAZUNARI<3takao!: TATSUYA<3Himuro: how's life bb?<3takao!: all good, how about you, babes?<3Himuro: good, now that you're here<3Taiga: did they get gayer?ryouta: goalsTetsuya: Need I remind you..?ryouta: (*＾∀ﾟ)Taiga: you didn'tryouta: I did not, in fact,Tetsuya: As was thought.Taiga: coward.ryouta: (⊙︿⊙✿)ryouta: are we going to ignore the fact that Himurocchi and Takaocchi are suddenly in love with each other?Himuro: that's gaytakao!: we're gayHimuro: ohHimuro: yeahHimuro: we are <3takao!: <3Taiga: aren't you dating Murasakibara? And isn't Takao in love with Midorima?Himuro: who?Taiga: ,,,moving on7:24am - Taiga changed takao!'s nickname to Himuro's MistressHimuro's Mistress: i'm oddly okay with thisTaiga: understandableHimuro: I do not have a mistress!Himuro: but someone took away my nickname privileges!Tetsuya: Sounds like a "you" problem.Himuro's Mistress: it okTaiga: why are you behaving like this, anyway?Himuro: huh?Himuro's Mistress: unrequited love and neglectful boyfriends...lead somewhereryouta: HUH?? （＊〇□〇）……！Himuro: shut up and confess to Ak*sh* alreadyryouta: (;*△*;) 7:26am - ryouta > Seijuroryouta: Akashicchi!!! (╯•﹏•╰)Seijuro: Is everything alright, Kise?ryouta: yes!!!ryouta: I was just wondering if you'd like to accompany me somewhere this weekend?ryouta: as...a date...ryouta: because I like you (~_~;)Seijuro: I would love to.ryouta: ʚ♡⃛ɞ(ू•ᴗ•ू❁)Seijuro: ...Seijuro: (⺣◡⺣)♡* 7:33am - GoM & Co™ryouta: sent eatyourwords.jpgryouta: ꒰˘̩̩̩⌣˘̩̩̩๑꒱♡Himuro: WE'RE PROUD OF YOU, RYOUTA <3Himuro's Mistress: <3Taiga: stop being in sync. it's grossTaiga: I'm very happy for you, though, Kiseryouta: thank you (੭ु ›ω‹ )੭ु⁾⁾♡Himuro's Mistress: YOU're grossTaiga: yeah. I just really love TetsuyaHimuro: hyp-Himuro's Mistress: o-Himuro: criteTaiga: square up. meet me at the shady courts in -2minsTaiga: bitch.Himuro: hhhnnnn I'd love to but I'm gonna make out with Kazunari insteadHimuro's Mistress: what he said7:40am - Himuro & Himuro's Mistress went offlineTaiga: cowardsTetsuya: On the bright side, we now have time to make out.Taiga: cowards that I'm grateful forTetsuya: :)ryouta: huhryouta: wonder if a*minecchi and Sakurai will get together?Tetsuya: I could care less what that pile of filth ends up doing.ryouta: understandable.ryouta: have a nice make out session :)7:44am - ryouta, Tetsuya & Taiga went offline




Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



