



Growing Pains - NerdWithGlasses - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Growing Pains
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/8180716.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Min Yoongi | Suga/Park Jimin, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster/Kim Seokjin | Jin, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope/Kim Taehyung | V
Character:
Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Kim Seokjin | Jin, Min Yoongi | Suga, Jeon Jungkook, Kim Taehyung | V, Park Jimin (BTS), Kunpimook Bhuwakul | BamBam, Highschool AU sort of
Additional Tags:
Romance, Cute, Domestic, Drugs, Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism, Abuse, Molestation, Fluff, Hoseok's dad is a prick, Druggie mom, Implied Mpreg, Established Relationship, First fanfic and it's honestly pretty trash
Collections:
Bangtan Boys
Stats:

        Published: 2016-10-01
          Completed: 2017-12-25
          Chapters: 20/20
        Words: 27136
      

Growing Pains
by NerdWithGlasses
Summary
Life's crazy, and Hoseok wouldn't have it any other way. Formerly know as "Crazy Isn't Always Bad"
Notes

          See the end of the work for  notes





Happy Together



"I love you." Taehyung giggled and buried his face further into Hoseok's neck. They were currently curled on Taehyung's living room couch putting off the classwork they both knew had to be done,but why work when you could cuddle? Or at least, that's what Hoseok thought. Who needed Trigonometry anyways, no one actually used it right?Hoseok thought he wouldn't get a reply, but then he felt his boyfriend intertwine their legs and latch onto his hand with a hushed reply, "I love you too." The three words that would never fail to put a smile on his face, no matter how shit the day had been. Both boys were enjoying their moment, and then Jimin came storming in, a rather common occurrence.He slammed the door behind and proceeded to slap his books on the kitchen table."STUPID YOONGI! STUPID STUPID YOONGI WITH HIS STUPID FACE AND HIS STUPID CLOTHES AND HIS STUPID LIFE!" Jimin slammed the cabinet he had opened shut and took the jar of peanut butter into the living room. He stomped to the uninhabited couch and shoved a spoonful into his mouth.Taehyung groaned and turned away from Hoseok to glare daggers at his younger twin brother. He only wanted to spend some alone time cuddling with his boyfriend. That was it. That wasn't really much to ask for right? But because he was a sucker for Jimin and because the moment was already ruined, he spoke up, "What'd he do this time?"Jimin slammed the peanut butter onto the coffee table, jumped to his feet, and began to wildly flail his arms as he ranted, "WE BOTH AGREED THAT WE WOULDN'T GET EACH OTHER ANYTHING FOR OUR SIX MONTH ANNIVERSARY! AND WHAT DOES THAT BASTARD DO? HE GETS ME SOMETHING! HE BOUGHT ME THE EXACT PROMISE RING I SAID THAT I LIKED AT THE JEWELRY STORE 2 MONTHS AGO! AND OF COURSE, I HAD NOTHING FOR HIM! CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS? IT'S RIDICULOUS! THE NERVE OF THAT MAN!""Yeah bro, it sounds like you've got it pretty bad." Taehyung rolled his eyes dramatically and went back to cuddling with Hoseok. Jimin seemed to take the hint and went up to his room pouting.They cuddled in silence for a moment, Taehyung on Hoseok's chest, drawing patterns into his boyfriend's shirt. Hoseok felt guilty. He wanted to give Taehyung nice things like rings, and take him to nice places, and fancy dinners, and nice trips, and buy him everything that he wanted, but he couldn't. Hoseok came from a very anti-gay family, whom upon discovering his "condition" refused to provide anything for him except his room, if they found out about Taehyung, it was game over. They would throw him out. Taehyung knew about his situation and didn't mind, but Hoseok felt like crap about it. Taehyung deserved the world, and he couldn't even give him the satisfaction of meeting his parents. Hoseok had a job to pay for his needs that his parents neglected, and occasionally was able to save up enough money to take Tae out to a nice movie, but that didn't happen often. Minimum wage could only afford so much.Hoseok flipped on the couch to where they were staring directly at one another and ran his hand through Tae's hair. Taehyung reveled in the touch. "TaeTae, do you want a ring?" Taehyung froze. He knew exactly where Hoseok's thoughts were going, and he didn't like it, so he gently placed his hands on both sides of Hoseok's face, "Hobi, you know exactly how I feel about those types of things. I know that you love me, and I don't need a stupid ring to tell me that. I only need you. I don't need expensive things, and to go to fancy places with snobby stuck up people, or anything of that sort. When will you realize that I'm happy with you? With us."That was all Hoseok needed, that extra reassurance. He crawled on on top of Taehyung and straddled his lap. "I love you, so so much." Taehyung laughed and slung his arms around Hobi's neck to close the distance between their lips. "I love you too." Their lips were then connected once more, kisses growing more and more heated. Hoseok slipped his tongue into Tae's mouth and battled for dominance, feeling a rush of satisfaction when he won. He slipped his hands under Taehyung's shirt and caressed his sides. Tae whimpered at the contact, hungry for more. Hobi leaned back down and ravished Taehyung's lips as he slowly trailed his hands across his nipples."Really? The middle of the living room? Come on guys, I just picked up Jungkook."Hoseok immediately detached himself from Taehyung and sat up, his face red and burning. Taehyung adjusted his shirt and sent a mortified look in his dad's direction, "Oh my God dad, how long have you been here?""Oh, about two minutes. You know you have a room right? Hey Hoseok, good to see you in my house. Again.""H-Hello sir.""There you go again with formalities, you've been over here nearly everyday for almost two years. It's just Namjoon.""Hello, Mr. Namjoon.""Improvement. You can drop the "mister", but we can work on that later. Anyways, Taehyung, your father is going to be a little late, he got held up at the hospital, so it's take out tonight. Where's your brother?""Okay. Jiminie is pouting upstairs." Taehyung crawled into Hoseok's lap and pulled his arm across his body."Yoongi?""Yoongi."Namjoon placed Jungkook on the ground and made his way to the staircase. Before heading up, he stopped and looked towards his son on the couch. "Remember Taehyung, the room that you have? Ring any bells?" Namjoon shook his head and went up the stairs to see his other son. Taehyung grumbled and snuggled further into Hoseok. Jungkook toddled in front of Taehyung and wrinkled his nose. "TaeTae's gross." Taehyung threw up his arms and pouted. "Is it attack Taehyung day or something?" Hoseok only laughed and held him tighter. Jungkook wiggled onto the couch and curled into Hoseok's side. He didn't ordinarily take to people outside of his family, but he liked Hoseok. Jimin came downstairs and joined everyone crammed together on the couch. "Me and Yoongi made up." Hoseok shook his head, "Oh really? Shocker."



Highschool Sucks, Food Is Better
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Seokjin missed his family. It wasn't that they were gone or anything, he just hadn't been able to see them very often as of late. He loved his job as a doctor, and the hospital that he worked for was amazing, but he hated how time consuming it was. He couldn't even remember the last time he went out alone with Namjoon, or played dinosaurs with Jungkook, or even had a conversation with either of the twins that lasted longer than three sentences. Not only that, constant overtime exhausted him, especially since it was Winter (the hospital's busiest season). He was tired and had reached his breaking point, so he made sure to make a mental note to talk to his boss about that later, right now, he only wanted to enjoy his meal for the first time in two days. He picked up the spoon to dive into his soup- "DR. KIM, DR.KIM! YOU'RE NEEDED IMMEDIATELY IN OPERATING ROOM THIRTEEN!" The nurse looked especially frazzled, her curly red hair was sticking out in every direction possible. Seokjin grumbled and stood to throw away the lunch he hadn't taken a single bite of. Duty called. XX Yoongi liked basketball, no, Yoongi loved  basketball. It gave him an excuse to show off in front of Jimin,and Yoongi was pretty sure that he loved him too, not that he had told him that. Yet.  Basketball was Yoongi's release, the thing that allowed him to let out his inner frustrations, but the team was hell to make and it gave him even more hell once he was on it. He had always been on the short side, not quite as short as Jimin, but still pretty short, and that didn't settle well with the coach, nor the team, so Yoongi wasn't going to try out for the team this year. He had recently discovered a new talent, rapping, and he was damn good at it too. The way the words flew off of his tongue in time with the rhythmic beat of the music gave him a rush of exhilaration. In his thought filled daze, Yoongi began to tap his pencil on his desk absentmindedly. "MIN YOONGI! Cease that noise at once! This is math class, not the music room." "Y-yes, of course Madam." He didn't miss it when Jimin snickered behind his hands at the front of the room. Oh he was so  going to get it for that. XX Lunch was amazing for Hoseok because that was the only time of day that he was able to see Taehyung, it did however have one down side. Other people. Taehyung wasn't an ordinary guy, he was a bit on the strange side- something Hoseok loved about him. Tae was never afraid to share what he was thinking, no matter how odd the thought may be. The other kids at the school (besides Yoongi and Jimin of course) liked to make fun of him for it. Nothing, literally nothing  pissed him off more, but he held it in most of the time, Taehyung didn't like fighting. "Are you gonna eat your fries man? I'm starving here," said Yoongi. Taehyung pushed fries across the table. He hadn't ever really been particularly fond of greasy foods. "If I could choose a superpower, I would want it to be the ability to talk to cars." "Wait what? Of all things to talk to, why cars?" Hoseok was used to it by now, but that didn't mean it ceased to surprise him. "Because," replied Taehyung, "Cars have been to a lot of different places, but they've seen things differently than people have." Their conversation must've been louder than they thought because Hoseok heard the snickering football team captain, KyYoung, commenting to his buddies. "Call my dick Ferrari, that kid can talk to it any day. He's a cute one, just imagine what that mouth could do. Hell, I'll even give him a ride-" No. Just no. That was not about to happen, not today, so Hoseok threw himself at KyYoung and punched him until his own knuckles bled. Yoongi couldn't just let his friend go up against a couple of jocks alone, so of course he had to help. Jimin and Taehyung had to at least attempt at dragging them away. Which is how they all ended up in the office with an angry headmaster glaring hard enough to make even the most powerful of animals sit in obedience. XX "Hey." Namjoon continued to shuffle through the papers scattered across his desk. He had been writing a lot of songs lately and didn't know where to start. "I told you, I'll start recording in a minute, get off my back." "Don't even recognize your own husband's voice? Seriously? After over sixteen years of marriage?" Namjoon whipped his chair around and subconsciously opened his eyes in surprise. He crossed the room to where his husband stood and pulled the male into his arms for a hug. "Is everything alright? Did something happen?" "I'm fine, I just missed you and the kids. I know I've been excessively busy with work lately, so I talked to my boss about changing my hours. He was feeling generous, so now I even have the rest of the day off, and what better way to spend it with you?" Namjoon was about to seal their lips together, but he was interrupted by the ringing of his phone. He fished the device out of his pocket and said in an annoyed tone, "What?" "Are you the father of Jimin and Taehyung Kim?" "Yes I am. Is there an issue?" "It seems that your sons have gotten into a fight. Your presence is requested immediately." "Thank you, I'm currently on my way." Namjoon sighed and ran a hand through his blond hair.  "Who was that?" "The school. We have to head up there, the boys got into a fight." Seokjin was already out the door and in the car before Namjoon could even think. XX "I'm so glad that were both able to come Mr. Kim and um, Mr. Kim. Jimin and Taehyung refuse to talk about the incident, as do Min Yoongi and Jung Hoseok, two other students that were involved. Your sons seem to know them. Until they are ready to speak on the matter, they are not allowed on school premises. We thank you for your cooperation in this matter, have a wonderful day." With that, Namjoon, Jin, Jimin, and Taehyung were pushed out of the office and into the hall where Yoongi and Hoseok sat. Taehyung knew why Hoseok started the fight, and he still felt slightly shaken up, so he went over to Hobi and sat on his lap for comfort. He sighed as Hoseok carded a relaxing hand through his hair. "Well." Seokjin began to tap his foot impatiently. "Are any of you going to explain why we get a call in the middle of the day informing us that our sons were caught fighting?" Hoseok looked down guiltily and began to fiddle with Taehyung's fingers. "It was me. I'm the one who started it." Jin's eyes softened. He knew that Hoseok wouldn't start a fight unless it was for a good reason, and if he did get into one, Yoongi wouldn't let him take it on alone, then of course, Taehyung and Jimin had to try to stop them. It all made sense. "Hoseok, why would you start a fight? You're better than that." "Because of what they said about Taehyung." Namjoon furrowed his eyebrows and got closer to where Hoseok sat. "Who said what about Taehyung?" "KyYoung was talking to his stupid jock friends about Taehyung sucking his you-know-what, and it just really pissed me off because it was fucked up." Seokjin grabbed Namjoon before he went and ended a sixteen year old's life. He ran his hands up and down his husband's arms in an attempt calm him down. "It's okay honey, we'll call the school, as well as contact KyYoung's parents. There's no need to go after him, Hoseok already did that for you." Namjoon stopped struggling and turned back towards everyone. "Well, this day has gone to hell. I think we could all use a mood booster. How about food, on me?" Yoongi and Jimin cheered before linking hands and rushing out to the parking lot. Taehyung leaned his head on Hoseok's shoulder and grinned as Hoseok wrapped an arm around him. "Hey dad?" "Yes," said Namjoon. "What about Kookie?" "Taehyung, it's still the middle of the day. He's at his preschool." "Oh." Hoseok only laughed and pulled his boyfriend closer. "Our children will be the death of me." Seokjin shook his head, "I remember having kids being your idea." They began making their way to the parking lot behind Hoseok and Taehyung. "Well you certainly didn't complain. All that I heard was 'Oh Namjoon give me more'." Jin stopped and gave his husband a mortified expression. "You have no shame." "And you love me anyways."



Chapter End Notes
Wow, I'm so surprised this got the response that it did! I'm so happy that you all are enjoying this story. Thank you all for your support :)


Cuddles
Chapter Notes
Here's a little Yoonmin for my Yoongi and Jimin enthusiasts. I apologize if this is not the ship that you wanted. The next update will focus on someone else. :)



"But why not?""Because," said Yoongi, "You laughed when Madam Lee called me out for tapping my pencil in math class." Jimin let out an exasperated sigh and sank back into his pillow.They were currently in his room where he had spent the last half hour trying to convince Yoongi to join him under the covers for cuddling time, but the elder refused. "That was over a week ago! I said sorry! When are you going to let it go?" Yoongi laid back and crossed his legs. He was enjoying this, probably more than he should. "When I feel like it." Jimin huffed and tried to pay more attention to the movie they were watching than he was to the cold spot underneath the sheets beside him. That was how the first half of the movie went, but Yoongi slowly felt his resolve breaking. Jimin had fallen asleep and was huddled under his covers shivering. His boyfriend instincts were screaming at him to share his body heat. Not only that, Jimin looked adorable curled up like that and just screamed "cuddle me". Yoongi went through a mental debate. To cuddle, or not to cuddle--that is the question: Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer. The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. Or to take arms against a-Nope. They were going to cuddle. He was not about to lay there and recite an altered version of Shakespeare's Hamlet. That would mean admitting to himself that he payed attention in Literature.  He didn't want Jimin to know he had given in, so he shuffled off of the bed ever so slowly, being sure not to make a sound. He couldn't, however, stop the bed from shifting due to his movement. Jimin slept, completely un-bothered, so Yoongi kept at it until he was able to slide under the covers as unnoticeable as  possible. Once under them, he wrapped his arms around Jimin and snuggled into a pillow. Jimin cocked his head in Yoongi's direction and opened an eye. "Whatever happened to you refusing to cuddle with me?" "I uh, well, um..." Yoongi felt his cheeks go red and buried his face in the back of Jimin's neck to hide. "I couldn't help myself." "Whatever. Just hold me tighter." So Yoongi did.



I'm Fine
Chapter Notes
Quick little sucky update to hold you over until I'm finished with my English project and able to put forth more time into writing.



"WHY WON'T YOU JUST ACCEPT ME FOR WHO I AM? I WAS BORN THIS WAY, AND I'M GOING TO DIE THIS WAY, SO WHY CAN'T YOU JUST ACCEPT ME?" Hoseok had tears streaming down his face. He had been arguing with his parents, and his dad was starting to get pissed. That was never a good thing. Mr. Jung had a tendency to get violent when he was angry, of course, that violence was only ever saved for his son. Hoseok mentally planned an escape route in case things started to be taken too far. If he was able to make it out of the living room where they were, he could make a mad dash for the door and go to Taehyung's house. "I REFUSE TO ACCEPT ANY SON OF MINE THAT'S A QUEER. IT JUST ISN'T NATURAL! HOW DARE YOU BRING THAT BULL SHIT INTO THE HOUSE THAT I LET YOU STAY IN OUT OF THE PURE KINDNESS OF MY HEART!" Mr. Jung took a few steps forward. "You disgust me. I treated you well, took good care of you, loved you, and what do you do? You tell me that you're a fag. You make me sick." Hoseok was about to make a hasty retreat, but Mr. Jung was quicker. He yanked his son by the arm and slammed him into the wall, letting out a laugh as the boy fell to the ground. He stepped forward and kicked Hoseok between the ribs. "That's for being a homo." He got down and slugged Hoseok in the eye. "That's for being alive." He picked up Hoseok's body and threw it across the room as if it were a rag doll. "I wish you had never been born."  Mr. Jung didn't give his crumpled, bleeding son another glance as he left the room to go have a beer. He didn't care. If the boy died, then he died. Why care for someone who was already dead to him? Hoseok groaned and flexed his limbs to make sure that nothing was broken. Even though his father was abusive, he couldn't help but to forgive him. All that he really wanted from his father was a "I love you son," but it had been over three years since he heard those words. He knew that when Mr. Jung said he hated him, he meant it. Hoseok dragged himself to his feet and limped to the staircase. He got down on all fours and crawled to his room. He always kept a First Aid Kit there for nights like this. He took out a bandage roll and worked his way down his body. Hoseok had to bite his lip when he got to his ribs. They were bruised pretty bad. He took the alcohol wipes and disinfected his cuts.  Once cleaned up, Hoseok went into the bathroom to get a better visual of the damage. He locked the door behind him and stared into the mirror. One black eye. Everything else could be hidden easily enough, but a black eye was an entirely different story. He didn't have any makeup, and if his mom caught him using hers, he would be dead. Hoseok went back into his room and let out a sigh. He couldn't wait to get out of here. XX Taehyung rushed to grab his books and slammed his locker. Slinging his backpack onto his shoulder, he ran down the hall to where Hoseok would be at his own locker. Hobi hadn't come over to his house yesterday because he had to work. Taehyung missed him. He wasn't necessarily clingy, he was just used to seeing Hoseok after school. Taehyung didn't slow down when Hoseok came into sight. He ran into him full speed and wrapped his arms around his boyfriend's waist. Hoseok hissed in pain and pulled Taehyung's arms off of him. "Hey Tae." "Glad to know you're happy to see me," Taehyung said sarcastically. He still hadn't noticed Hoseok's eye.  "I'm always happy to see you, I just...fell yesterday, still kinda sore." Taehyung took a step back and looked his boyfriend up and down. The way Hoseok stood showed he was in some form of pain. Taehyung couldn't visually see most of the damage due to the sweatshirt Hoseok had on, he did however, notice the black eye Hobi sported. That didn't make much sense. How could he have gotten a black eye from falling? "So you got a black eye from falling?" Taehyung's voice was laced with skepticism. "Yeah, typical clumsy me. Don't worry, I'm fine baby. I promise." Hoseok tried to give a convincing smile, but it didn't quite reach his eyes. Taehyung would have questioned him more, but the bell interrupted them. He locked their lips in a kiss, gave him a hug, and watched him leave. Even though he said he was fine, Taehyung wasn't sure if he believed him. Something was wrong with Hoseok and he was going to either find out, or die trying. He really hoped he would be able to find out, death wasn't high up on his bucket list.



Confessions Are Hard
Chapter Notes
Annyeong Friends! I have great news, I have an editor now, so hopefully you will see improvement in my writing quality :)



"Alright everyone, let's take it from the top," said Hoseok. He was currently wrapping up dance practice with his crew. Dancing was his escape, his chance to be J-Hope, the aspiring dancer with big dreams. He wasn't Hoseok the disappointing son, or Hoseok, the kid who worked for minimum wage six days a week, he was J-Hope- lost in his own world. Taehyung loved to watch Hoseok dance. When he danced, he was an entirely different person. He became this supreme, ethereal being, untouchable by anything except the flow of the music he danced to. It was amazing. When the group was finished with their run through, Hoseok picked up his towel from the corner and walked to where Taehyung sat on the ground. Taehyung wrinkled his nose. "You smell like sweat." "It's my manly musk." "Or it's just your boyish B.O." "Oh yeah? Sweat Attack!" Hoseok leaned over and brought Taehyung in for a tight hug. Taehyung laughed and pushed him away. "You suck." "And you love me anyways." Taehyung groaned. "We sound exactly like my parents." "I guess we're old and married now." Hoseok put his arm around Taehyung's shoulders and wiggled his eyebrows. "How does it feel to be Mr. Taehyung Jung?" He chuckled at Tae's reddened cheeks and flustered expression. Embarrassing his boyfriend was one of Hoseok's favorite past times. "And who said I wanted to marry you?" "You did in your love confession." "Alright fine, you win." Taehyung crossed his arms and pouted. Hoseok brought him into his lap and began to card his hands through his hair. "I don't have to work until later tonight, want to go to the park with me?" "Aw, does somebody have a crush?" "I would hope I would, we've been dating for over two years." Taehyung stood and held out an arm to help Hoseok up. "Let's go before I kill you." Hoseok smiled and linked their hands once he was on his feet. "I love you too." XX Yoongi was going to do it. He was finally going to do it. He was going to confess his love to Jimin as soon as this movie was over. He would do it as soon as they walked out of the theater. No, that wouldn't do, he would do it as they were driving. Wait, that wasn't right. He would do it as he was walking Jimin to the door. Yoongi would look into his eyes and take his hands into his own, and he would say it. Yep, that was perfect. His plan couldn't go wrong. Yoongi slid his arm around Jimin's shoulders in a cliche way and tuned back into the movie. Jimin reached his hand into the popcorn bucket for a few pieces, completely unaware of the gears turning in Yoongi's mind. "This popcorn needs more salt." "Jimin, you think salt needs more salt." XX Namjoon laid Jungkook down on his bed and kissed his forehead. "Goodnight, Jungkook." He pulled the child's blanket up to his chin, turned off the light, and left the room, being sure to close the door behind him. Namjoon stretched as he walked into the living room to join his husband on the couch. "I finally put Kookie to bed. Giving him that chocolate bar was probably a bad idea." Jin gave a noise of acknowledgement and cuddled closer to Namjoon. "When was the last time we had actual alone time together?" "I believe its been about seven years." Jin smacked Namjoon's arm. "It hasn't been that long." "Its been long enough." Namjoon laid Jin with his back against the seat cushions and snuggled into his chest. "I love you," Namjoon murmured. "I love you too." Silence followed after that, each of the males perfectly content to just enjoy each other's presence. Seokjin ran a hand through Namjoon's hair, letting out a sigh of contentment when the younger wound his arms around his waist. "I remember when TaeTae was six, I had just picked him and Jiminie up from school and we were riding home. That day, they'd had a speaker about drug awareness come, so he turns to me and says, 'Appa, how do you smoke a pot? Do you stick your head in it? Because the steam from the stove would really hurt if you did.'" They both shared hearty laughs. "When Jimin was five, he wanted to comb his own hair, so I let him use mine, then out of nowhere he asks, 'Daddy, what's the name of the spaces between the bits on combs? Why don't people ever talk about them?'" Seokjin's face went red from all the laughing. "Remember yesterday when Jungkookie was with us in the kitchen?" "Yeah, I couldn't forget, he said, 'Daddy, Appa, when you guys die, I'll need new parents. I love you, but I'm not old enough to work the stove.'" That's how they spent their night, cuddled up on the couch reminiscing their crazy kids, and they wouldn't have it any other way. XX Alright, thought Yoongi, it's time. The movie had ended and they were currently parked outside of Jimin's house. Yoongi did a final mental run through of his brilliant, indestructible plan before getting out to open his boyfriend's door. Yoongi swallowed as they got closer and closer to Jimin's door. It was time, the moment was finally here. The time is now. Yoongi wasn't sure where he'd heard that, but thought it was from one of those cheesy inspirational videos floating around on the internet. They'd made it to the front door, and by then, Yoongi was a nervous wreck. He had sweat in places that sweat should never be. He started to mentally give himself the Shia Labeouff speech, but was interrupted by Jimin, "Yoongs? You okay? You look a bit off." There wasn't any more time. He had to do it. Yoongi took Jimin's small hands into his much larger ones. "Jimin, I've felt this way for awhile now, but I finally have the courage to tell you. I love yo-" "Hey Yoongi, Jimin! What's up?" Taehyung and Hoseok were walking up the driveway towards the door, hand in hand. No. No. No. No. No. This was not how Yoongi's perfect plan was supposed to go. They were supposed to be alone! Yoongi sighed. He should have expected something like this to happen. "Hey guys, I was just heading out, so I'll catch you later." "Wait," said Jimin, "You were saying something to me." Yoongi scratched at his hair. "I uh...just wanted to tell you that I love your hair. Orange is a good color on you." "Um, thanks? I've had this color for over a month, but I guess compliments are better late than never." "Yeah, sorry I waited so long. I really need to get going, I promised my mom that I would help her do this thing today." Yoongi power walked back to his car and sped off. That was so embarrassing. "Alrighty then, I'm going inside. See you Hoseok." Jimin threw a backwards wave behind him as he walked into the house. "Is it just me, or was Yoongi acting strange?" Hoseok shrugged. "No stranger than usual. My boss is going to be pissed if I'm late again, so I've got to go." He brought Taehyung in for a kiss. "I'll be able to hang out with you tomorrow, it's my day off." Taehyung sighed. Hoseok had been working so often lately. It wasn't that he really minded, he understood why Hoseok had to work, he just wished that he'd speak up if he needed help. "Okay, I guess I'll see you tomorrow." Taehyung threw his arms around Hoseok's neck and brought him in for a final kiss. "I love you." "I love you too." Hoseok gave him a hug before rushing off to his job. There was money to be made, and he had to have it before it was too late. Taehyung watched him go before heading into his house. He didn't see Jimin in the kitchen, so he just assumed that his younger brother was doing something in the living room. He slung his arms across his head as he walked into said room. "Jimin, have you noticed how much Hoseok has been working lately? I'm starting to worry that-" "Shhhhhh!" Jimin held a finger to his mouth and gestured to the couch. Taehyung walked over to see behind the back. His parents were curled up together sleeping, looking more peaceful than he'd ever seen them. "Oh. We should cover them up," Taehyung whispered. So they tiptoed into the hallway linen closet to get a fluffy pink blanket. They walked back across the wooden floor as quietly as possible, and gently laid the blanket over Namjoon and Seokjin's sleeping forms. "You know," said Jimin, "We're pretty lucky." "Agreed." They watched their parents sleep for a few more seconds before Jimin said, "Sleepover in my room tonight?" "Of course!" Taehyung ran to his room to grab his favorite stuffed zebra, Hoseok still weighing on his mind.



Date Night
Chapter Notes
Lately I've been feeling really self conscious about the amount of space that I put between lines. Does this bother any of you? If it does, please notify me in the comments and I will go back and edit my current chapters and use less space in my upcoming ones. :)



Hoseok loved it when he was able to take Taehyung out for dates. It didn't happen often, especially since Hoseok had been so busy with his job lately. Hoseok was currently sprawled across Taehyung's bed waiting for him to finish getting ready. "Should I wear the green Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle shirt, or the blue Dragon Ball Z shirt?" Taehyung held each shirt in front of his body to give Hoseok a better idea of how each would look. Hoseok sighed. Taehyung always took forever to get ready. "They both look good, will you please choose one so we can leave?" "Fine." Taehyung grabbed a red shirt from his dresser and just put that on instead. "If I look stupid, it's your fault." Hoseok rolled off of the bed, grabbed his hat, and came over to where Taehyung was to kiss his forehead. "You always look good, now let's go." Hoseok picked Taehyung up bridal style and made his way towards the front door. "You know I can walk right?" "Yeah, but holding you is nice." Taehyung blushed and wrapped his arms around Hoseok's neck. He could feel that it was going to be an amazing day. "Hey Tae," said Namjoon as Hoseok carried Taehyung down the hall, "Don't forget to be home at midnight or else your Appa will have a fit, remember the Jiminie incident?" Most parents would question why their perfectly able child was being carried out of the house by their significant other, but Namjoon was used to this sort of thing by now and didn't even give it a second thought. "Hoseok, if you stay over tonight, give me a heads up so I can sneak you out in the morning before Jin notices." It wasn't that Jin didn't trust Hoseok, he trusted Hoseok completely- he just wasn't ready to admit to himself that his baby was all grown up and having his boyfriend overnight.  "Yes sir." "There you go with your formalities." Namjoon rolled his eyes and went to go find his husband. "You kids have fun," he called over his shoulder. When they made it to the car, Hoseok opened and closed Tae's door for him then hopped into the drivers seat. His car was his baby, it took him a year of working two jobs, both overtime, to save up for it. Greg (yes, he named his car Greg) wasn't the classiest, but he was a car, and that was good enough for both Hoseok and Taehyung. Taehyung turned the radio to his favorite opera station. Opera was one of his favorite interests. He liked the drama associated with it. "I will never understand why you like Opera so much. It's a bit old school, and not like, in a cool way." "I just find it compelling." "Fair enough." Hoseok laughed and pulled out of the driveway.  The drive to the woods was nice; sharp, dramatic notes poured from the radio and serenaded them both. Hoseok would never admit it, but he kind of enjoyed it. Not enough to actually seek it out, but enough to listen to it every once in a while. Taehyung grabbed Hoseok's hand that wasn't on the wheel and leaned his head against his window as he hummed. When they got there, Taehyung immediately hopped out of the car and made a mad dash for their "secret place." "Why are we running?" Hoseok panted between every word as he tried to keep up with his boyfriend. "So we can hurry up and get there!" "It's not going anywhere!" Taehyung didn't slow his pace until they got there. They found this place at the beginning of their relationship, a pretty river in the forest where they could truly be alone. Taehyung took his shoes and socks off and sat on the edge of the bank to dip his feet into the cool water. He grinned when he felt Hoseok sit beside him, face red and out of breath. "I thought you dancers were in shape." Taehyung poked Hoseok's side and smirked when he began to sputter. "Well I- You know- um, Dancing and running are two entirely different things!" Hoseok stuck out his tongue and leaned his head on Taehyung's warm shoulder.A few beats of silence passed before Hoseok spoke, "Things haven't been that great at home." Taehyung's eyes widened as he subconsciously wrapped his arm tightly around Hoseok's shoulders. "What do you mean? Was that why you were beaten up that day?" Hoseok nodded his head and began to play with a loose string on Taehyung's shirt. He knew that he should have said something about it a long time ago, but he didn't want Tae to worry. "It's okay though, one more year and then it's off to college. He doesn't bother me when I'm able to make it to my room fast enough, so I'll be fine. I just didn't want you to worry about anything." "Hoseok!" Taehyung's blood was boiling. As far as he was concerned, Hoseok was an angel. A smiling, bright, happy, sweet, perfect, and amazing angel, and no one could tell him otherwise. Hoseok didn't deserve the shit that his parents gave him. "What do you mean it's okay? Things are not okay! You can't go back there, what happens when you don't make it to your room, or something else comes up? What then? Don't you realize that you deserve better?" "I'm fine, honestly. If things ever get really bad, I'll tell you, okay?" Hoseok stopped messing with his string and moved on to running his hands through Taehyung's hair. He could sense that his boyfriend was becoming stressed, whenever he played with Taehyung's hair, it helped to calm him down. Taehyung sighed and leaned into Hoseok's touch. "I love you, and not like, the stupid teen love that people our age claim after a week of dating. I truly love you. You mean so much to me, and I wish that I could save you from your situation. I'd take you away to an amazing place where you could be happy and-and just-" Taehyung drew his knees up to his chest as he burst into tears. Hoseok meant so much to him; the fact that he had to suffer killed Taehyung inside. He felt so powerless.  Hoseok brought Taehyung in for a tight hug. "Shhh baby, it's okay, I'm okay, everything is fine." He began to gently rock back and forth in hopes of comforting Taehyung. "I love you too, don't feel bad. None of this is your fault."  Taehyung sniffled. He just loved Hoseok so much. It drove him crazy sometimes.  Taehyung wiped his face with the back of his hand and let out a brief cough.  The silence returned after that, each boy staring out at the little lake, Tae cuddled up in Hoseok's warm embrace. "I think you need something to cheer up," said Hoseok. He stood and held out a hand to help Taehyung stand. "Like what?" "Just come on." Hoseok grabbed Taehyung's hand and began to venture further into the woods, making mental notes of the path as they went along. He stopped when they came upon a rickety old house surrounded by a random assortment of trash. To say that Taehyung was confused wouldn't be a strong enough description, he felt puzzled n the fifth degree. "In order to make me feel better, you brought me to a dirty abandoned house?" Hoseok laughed and pointed a finger towards the roof. "The eyes aren't always used to find great things young padawan." "Are you Yoda now?"  "Yes, yes I am. Now come on, the view is amazing." Hoseok dragged Taehyung into the house, weaving and dodging through various piles of junk. He was pretty sure that a hobo lived there part-time, but he wouldn't say anything about that. They crawled out of the window on the second floor and climbed onto the roof. It was beautiful, you could see the entire city. There were lights everywhere, they went perfectly with the slowly darkening sky. Taehyung brought his hands up to his mouth in shock. He wasn't expecting this. It was beautiful. "This is amazing." "I figured you would like it." "I love you." "I bet you say that to everyone who brings you onto roofs of random abandoned houses." "You're the only who does, so my love is still exclusive." "I'm so flattered." Hoseok brought Taehyung in for a kiss, then went back to looking at their little world. "Want to go back to your house and have a movie marathon and cuddle?" "Sure." They climbed down from the roof and once again trudged through the seemingly endless amount of garbage. Holding hands, they left the woods completely and hopped into Hoseok's car. Instead of Opera, Taehyung chose the local Bluegrass station. Hoseok didn't question a thing. XX "Good morning." Namjoon pecked Seokjin's cheek and took a sip of his coffee. "Morning honey." Seokjin sent a smile in Namjoon's direction before continuing his task of chopping up Jungkook's banana. He put the tiny pieces onto a Spiderman plate and set it in front of Kookie. "Is Jungkookie hungry?" The boy vigorously nodded his head and then proceeded to smear the fruit all over his face. "What an appetizing site," said Jimin as he groggily shuffled into the kitchen.  "Maybe he wouldn't do that if his older brother set a better eating example." Jin gave Jimin an affectionate pat on the head as he set down a plate of bacon and eggs. After Jimin was served, he took his seat beside Namjoon and sipped at his tea that was inside his favorite pink mug. "Hey, where's Taehyung?" Namjoon's eyes widened. He had checked in on his eldest son last night and knew that Hoseok stayed over. If Jin found out, they would all be under the bus. "I'll go wake him, you stay here." Namjoon sprinted out of the kitchen, up the stairs, and barged into Taehyung's room. "Boys you've gotta get up!" When neither moved, he jumped onto the bed in the space between them. "Jin is awake, so unless we all want to be busted, you have to leave without him noticing." That did the trick. Hoseok de-tangled himself from Taehyung and scrambled to put on his clothes over his underwear. He decided to leave his sweatshirt there, Taehyung would like that. Taehyung rubbed his eyes and whimpered at the loss of warmth. He paid no heed to his father's presence as he exited the comfort of his bed and wrapped his arms around Hoseok's now fully clothed waist.  "Cute, but can you speed this up please?" Namjoon tapped his foot in impatience. "Bye Hobi, I love you." Taehyung gave his boyfriend a chaste kiss and pushed him towards the door. "FaceTime tonight?" "Can't, I have to work, but I'll text you. I love you too baby."  "How nice, but we're running out of time before Jin gets suspicious." Namjoon took Hoseok's arm and tugged him towards the stairwell. "Okay Hoseok, here's the plan, I'm going to distract Jin, and you make a run for it." "You couldn't have thought of a better plan?" Ordinarily Hoseok wouldn't have spoken so casually, but it was early and he was tired and he already missed Taehyung. "Well do you have a better one?" "No." "That's what I thought. Be on the lookout for the distraction." Namjoon ran down the stairs two at a time and went back into the kitchen, "Hey Joonie, where's Tae-" Namjoon immediately cut him off. "Babe, I love it when you wear that shirt." Now Seokjin was just confused. He was literally wearing an old t-shirt that was stained from Jungkook's vomit. "Namjoon, are you okay?" Namjoon didn't answer verbally; instead, he lunged towards his husband and captured his lips in a suffocating kiss. Hoseok had been hiding on the side of the kitchen wall and took his chance. He ran threw the living room and out of the door completely undetected. Seokjin pried Namjoon off of him. "Namjoon! The kids are right there! What has gotten into you?" "The spring season." "It's Winter, Namjoon." Jimin wrinkled his nose at his remaining breakfast and stood to clean his plate. "Way to ruin breakfast guys. Good job." A sticky, banana covered Jungkook stuck out his tongue at his parents. "Daddy and Appa are gross." "I agree," replied Jimin. Namjoon picked up a napkin and walked over to his youngest son to clean his face. "You're our son, so what does that make you?" Jungkook scrunched up his face as if in deep thought, then suddenly began to clap his hands. "That makes me Kookie!" Seokjin laughed. "You're right, you are Kookie." He went over and tickled his son's belly. Everyone turned to look at Taehyung as he walked into the kitchen, a well-rested air around him. He picked up an apple out of the fruit bowl and sat in a chair across from Jungkook. "So what did I miss?" Jimin set down his now rinsed plate in the sink and picked up his phone. "You didn't miss anything you'd actually want to see."



Halloween
Chapter Notes
Just quick little Halloween chapter, hopefully, a full chapter will be ready for release over the weekend! :)



"What do you want to be for Halloween Jungkook?" Seokjin bounced the boy in his lap from his seat on the living room couch. Jungkook did his signature nose scrunch. It was a thinking reflex for him. "I want to be like daddy!" Namjoon ran out of the office, rushed down the stairs, and sprinted into the living room. "Finally! I've been waiting years for this moment!" He grabbed Jungkook from Seokjin's arms and threw the child into the air.  "Namjoon, it's not that big of a deal." Seokjin rolled his eyes and shifted his sitting position. "I'm sure thousands of people have dressed up as you." "Yeah, but they're not my son! Jimin and Taehyung dressed up like you for Halloween over three times." "I'm a rapper like daddy!" Jungkook giggled as he gleefully clapped his hands Namjoon hugged his youngest son close. "That's right Kookie!" He blew raspberries into Jungkook's stomach. "Well, I guess I'll take him shopping and try to find something similar to one of your stage outfits." "I'm coming too." "What day do you want to go?" "Right now." Namjoon switched Jungkook to his left arm and used his right to help Seokjin off of the couch. "There's no time to waste!" He went to get his car keys and left the house to start the car. Seokjin ran a hand through his hair. "That man will be the death of me."



Being Sick Sucks
Chapter Notes
In the event of any confusion, Kyyang received a name change to KyYoung. It has been edited in his introduction chapter as well. Enjoy :)

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"I'm pretty sure I'm sick."Hoseok's hand immediately flew to Taehyung's head. They were both killing time in the hall before the bell rang. Neither really wanted to go to class. "Sweetheart, you're burning up, why didn't you stay home?" Taehyung nuzzled his face into Hoseok's neck. Hoseok wrapped his arms around Taehyung and kissed his hair. "What if you overexert yourself or something?" "Jungkookie is sick too, so Appa is staying home to take care of him. I didn't want to add onto that, besides, if I were at home, I couldn't see you." Taehyung cuddled further into Hoseok. His body felt like it was on fire and his head was pounding. "Class is going to suck." "Are you sure you don't want me to take you home?" Hoseok rubbed comforting circles into Taehyung's back. "You look so tired," he said with concern. "I'm fine, really. I'll tell you if I can't handle it anymore." Taehyung pulled Hoseok down for a kiss. "You know, I might have infected you with my disease of death." "I can live with that." Hoseok leaned down for another kiss. "Boys! Not in the middle of the hall! I run a learning facility, not a bar! Show some decency, you're not animals." The headmaster's face was twisted in disgust, his arms crossed tightly across his chest. "Really I should inform your parents, but I will let it slide this one time." Hoseok felt his anger flare. There were couples all over the hall, many of which were going way beyond he and Taehyung. Right next to them was a couple who were literally groping each other against the lockers. "We're indecent? Really? Then why are there so many others going way beyond what we did that was so wrong, and you're not saying a word to them?" "Because they're not...of your kind." Now Hoseok was pissed. "My kind? You mean human?" "I don't tolerate insolence in my learning facility. I suggest you both get to class." "Hoseok, let's just go." Taehyung tugged at Hoseok's hand. Hoseok gave in. He linked their fingers and started to walk down the hall. "I really hate that guy, what an asshole." "Me too. He kept saying 'learning facility' like it made him sound more intelligent or something." Taehyung rolled his eyes and impersonated the headmaster's voice, "'I run a learning facility, not a bar!" Hoseok laughed. Taehyung was always able to joke around, even when he was sick and had to deal with pricks like the headmaster, he still didn't let it get to him. Hoseok wrapped an arm around Taehyung's shoulder as they walked. "Are you positive you don't want to go home?" "Hobi, I'll be fine baby." Taehyung leaned over Hoseok's arm to kiss his cheek. When they stopped in front of his math class, he turned to face Hoseok and gave him a final hug. "See you at lunch?"Hoseok threaded his fingers through Taehyung's hair and gave him a brief nod. "Yay, now you should really get to class, the bell rings in thirty seconds." Taehyung laughed at Hoseok's startled expression and watched him sprint down the hall. Really the bell didn't ring for another four minutes, but Hoseok didn't know that. XX Taehyung felt like he was dying. The cafeteria was so loud, and the smell of food made him feel like he would throw up. Had the lights always been so bright? He couldn't remember. Taehyung pulled his hood up and curled into Hoseok's side. "Hey," said Jimin as he sat at the table with his tray. "You look terrible bro, like, just awful." Taehyung scowled at Jimin before laying his head on Hoseok's shoulder and closing his eyes. Hoseok rubbed up and down Taehyung's side. "I really think you should go home love." "Over my dead body." He'd made it this far, a few more hours, and he'd be completely home-free. He was not about to give in now and end up with a mountain of makeup work. "Who's dying?" Yoongi took a sip of his Gatorade and shoved a handful of tater tots into his mouth. Gym always made him starving. "Did I miss something?" He had arrived a little while after Jimin. "TaeTae is turning into a zombie," Jimin took a bite out of his mystery meat sandwich, "I'm pretty sure Hoseok has been infected." "Ew, sick germs." Yoongi scooted toward Jimin. Hoseok shrugged and leaned to kiss Taehyung's forehead. "I couldn't care less if I get sick, I'm more concerned about Taehyung." Jimin gave Yoongi a light shove. "Why can't you be more like that? Remember that time I was sick and you wouldn't come within ten feet of me?" Yoongi apologetically rubbed the back of his head. "Sorry babe, I just don't do sickness." Jimin pouted and went back to eating his surprisingly not terrible sandwich. "You suck." Yoongi pushed Jimin's food out his way and pecked his pouting cheek. "Can I make up for my suckishness by taking you to the pet store so you can play with all the adorable puppies?" "Yes! I take it back, you only suck moderately." "Well," Yoongi consumed another handful of tater tots, "That's an improvement." "Guys, could you keep it down? He finally went to sleep." Hoseok gestured to the now softly breathing Taehyung. "Sorry," both culprits said in unison. The rest of lunch passed in hushed whispers, everyone trying to let Taehyung rest. When it was time to leave, Hoseok felt especially guilty about having to wake him. "TaeTae, baby, it's time to go." He gently shook Taehyung's shoulders. "We're already late." He had sent Yoongi and Jimin off, wanting to give Taehyung a few more minutes of rest. Taehyung groaned and sat up. He didn't think it was possible, but he felt even crappier. His headache had evolved into a full on migraine, and his body felt so achingly sore. "Hobi," he said in a small voice. "Will you take me home?" "Yeah, I need to go to the bathroom, so want to meet by your locker so you can get your stuff?" Taehyung nodded his head and accepted the hand Hoseok had extended to help himself up. Once on his feet, he wrapped his arms around Hoseok's waist and laid his head against his chest. "Thank you." "There's no need to thank me, you'd do the same. C'mon, let's go." Hoseok gently guided Taehyung out of the cafeteria and led him to his locker. "I'll be back in a few minutes, then we can leave." Hoseok jogged to the nearest bathroom. Taehyung collected his textbooks and leaned against the lockers. He was so tired, he felt like he could even sleep on a bed of rusty nails. "Hey!" KyYoung noticed Taehyung out in the hall alone on his way to football practice. "Look who it is." He approached Taehyung with a smirk on his face. "You know, you and that boyfriend of yours got me into a lot of shit with my old man." He stopped in front of Taehyung and trapped him in with his body. "What do you want." Taehyung really didn't want to deal with this right now. He was tired and sick and only wanted to go home. "I don't have time for this." "You don't? That's too bad, because I have plenty of time. I do believe you owe me for the trouble you caused." "I don't have any money." "There are other forms of payment." KyYoung trailed a finger down Taehyung's face. He slammed Taehyung against the locker and pent his arms up with a hand and used his other to stroke Taehyung's side. He leaned in close and licked the shell of Taehyung's ear, "You like that baby?" Taehyung's skin was crawling, he felt so violated and dirty. Tears leaked out of his eyes as he tried to pull away. KyYoung was too strong for him in his sick state to fend off. "Please stop." "Why would I stop? The fun has only begun." KyYoung was going to start sucking on Taehyung's neck, but something knocked into him and left him sprawled on the floor. "Get. Away. From. Him." Hoseok was so livid, he was hissing through his teeth. Usually, KyYoung would be ready to put up a fight, but something about the look in Hoseok's eyes made him stand and simply stalk off. Hoseok thought KyYoung was an idiot, but he had to admit that the prick made a smart move. Hoseok was ready to kill. He ran a hand through his hair and turned to Taehyung. "Oh my god, Taehyung!" Taehyung had his knees pulled tightly against his chest and was actively seizing. He had always gotten seizures when he got too stressed. "Taehyung, you have to lay down, okay? But move slowly." Taehyung obeyed, shaking through the process. Hoseok pulled out his phone and checked the time. Taehyung couldn't have been seizing for more than thirty seconds. He pulled Taehyung's textbooks out of the way and started counting. "Just a little longer." A few seconds more passed, and then it was over. Hoseok reached over and gently wiped away Taehyung's tears. "It's over now baby, shhh." He ran his fingers through Taehyung's sweaty hair. "I want to go home." Hoseok stood and helped Taehyung up. He picked up the randomly strewn books, linked hands with Taehyung, and exited the school. Taehyung curled into the car seat once they were inside Greg, and stared out the window. The ride to the house was pretty quiet, only interrupted by the occasional sniffle from Taehyung. Hoseok pulled into the driveway and got out the car to open Taehyung's door. "You can head upstairs when we get in, I'll tell your dad what happened." Hoseok unlocked the door with the house key Namjoon had entrusted him with a year ago. Seokjin was in the kitchen making soup when they got inside. He let down the spoon he was using to stir and wiped his hands on his pants. "Is school out early today or something?" Taehyung gave Hoseok a side hug and headed towards the stairs - he didn't feel much like talking. "It's not, TaeTae's really sick, and on top of that, he had a seizure today." "He had a seizure? What happened?" Jin's voice was twisted with anxiety. Hoseok launched into an explanation of the ordeal, being sure not to leave anything out. "Poor babies, it sounds like you've both had exhausting days." Jin stepped forward to feel Hoseok's head. "It doesn't feel like you've gotten a fever, so maybe you haven't contracted what TaeTae and Jungkookie have, but be sure to drink plenty of fluids." That was something Hoseok loved about Seokjin. Seokjin always treated him like he was an actual son. It made Hoseok feel like he actually mattered. "I'll call the school before Jungkook wakes up, and tell Namjoon what happened when he gets home. I guess I'll give you and Taehyung some alone time." What Jin really wanted to do was bolt up the stairs, smother his son in hugs, ask him a million questions in concern, and give him a load of the appropriate medicines, but he figured Taehyung would rather just be left alone with Hoseok before he was to ready to talk about it. Hoseok took the stairs two at a time and gently opened the door to Taehyung's room. Taehyung was sitting on the edge of his bed nervously toying with his fingers. When Hoseok came in, he looked up and said in a shy voice, "I don't want to be left alone, will you take a shower with me?" "Of course baby, c'mon." He pulled Taehyung from the bed and led him into the bathroom. He made sure the water was the perfect temperature before stripping off his clothes. Taehyung followed his example, but stopped when he was down to his boxers. He just felt so self conscious. Hoseok noticed Taehyung's hesitation, so he walked over and gave him a sweet but meaningful kiss. "You're beautiful." He caressed Taehyung's sides. Taehyung pulled down the last article of clothing, cheeks burning. They both stepped into the shower, each boy feeling the best they had all day. They stepped out and got dressed, both opting to go shirtless. The skin to skin contact would be relaxing. Taehyung pulled back the covers of his bed and slipped in, sighing when Hoseok's familiar arms wrapped themselves around him. He cuddled into Hoseok's chest and drew patterns into Hoseok's back. "I hope you feel better," said Hoseok as he leaned down for a kiss. "I feel so much better now, maybe you were right about me going home earlier." "Mhm," Hoseok kissed the side of Taehyung's neck. "I love you." Taehyung closed his eyes and let Hoseok's touch warm his body, sending a tingly feeling to his core. "I love you too."



Chapter End Notes
Anything any of you would like to see happen? Are you enjoying the story so far? Have any tips for improving my writing? Let me know in the comments! I read and respond to all! :D


Lunch Discussions



"Hey Hoseok," said Jimin, "Will you give me a ride to and from soccer practice today? Me and Yoongi are fighting, Dad and Appa are working late today, TaeTae hit a stop sign the last time he drove, and I can't find my license.""Jiminie, I have to work. My boss will kill me and wear me as a jacket if I'm late again." Hoseok set down the apple he had only taken two bites of. He hadn't been feeling hungry as of late. "Want my food?" Upon seeing Jimin's enthusiastic nod, he slid his tray across the cafeteria table, nose crinkled in distaste. Jimin pulled the tray towards himself and dug into the untouched spaghetti. "It won't take that long, I swear! So please?" He flashed his irresistible puppy dog eyes.Hoseok laid his on the table in defeat. "Dammit Jimin.""Yay!" Jimin cheered. "Thank you!""Yeah yeah, whatever," Hoseok grumbled. "Why are you and Yoongs mad at each other now?" He didn't bother to pick his head up."That bastard! He lost the locket I gave him! Can you believe that? The nerve of that man!" Jimin angrily shoved another forkful of spaghetti into his mouth. "And then he had the audacity to say that I was overreacting! Me! If anything, he underreacted!""ChimChim, I don't think that's a word." Hoseok shifted to use his arm as a makeshift pillow."Oh yeah? Well, you're a word." Jimin stuck out his tongue."What about words?" said Taehyung as he set down his tray next to Hoseok.Jimin took a sip of his milk. "Nothing."Taehyung took his seat and ran a hand through Hoseok's hair, "You look dead to the world." He suddenly looked up. "Where's Yoongi?""Right here." Yoongi slammed his water bottle down, grunting as he sat on the other side of Hoseok. "I was shooting free throws at the court."Jimin rolled his eyes. "You mean you were pouting?""I said I was sorry! When are you going to let it go?" Yoongi tugged at the ends of his hair in exasperation. "Can you both hold your argument off for a second? I have a huge announcement." Taehyung's eyes lit up in excitement. "I'm becoming an advocate for a new movement, Toilet Rights 2016."Hoseok lifted his head. "You're an advocate for what?" "Toilet Rights." Taehyung dipped a carrot in ranch. "Toilets are being raped by our butts everyday, and it's time to end the abuse," he said seriously.Yoongi wiped some of the sweat away from his forehead. "I'm inclined to ask why.""Because nothing, inanimate or animate, should have to go through the violation that toilets do.""Fair enough," said Jimin. He had stopped questioning Taehyung a long time ago. "But like, where are you going to go to the bathroom?""Outside of course." Taehyung finished his carrots and moved on to his sandwich."Technically," said Yoongi, "You're violating the grass.""Oh my god, you're right! I'll have to tell the Toilet Squad!" Taehyung whipped out his phone and sent a mass text."You joined a club called the Toilet Squad? Really?" Hoseok was so finished. "What about the Drama Club? Don't you have a major production coming up?""It's all about time management."Hoseok shook his head and stood. "I think I'm gonna head off early, I'll see you guys." He leaned over to give Taehyung a kiss. "I have work tonight, so I'll try to video chat with you later."Taehyung pouted, "Promise?""Promise." Hoseok have Taehyung a hug, turned, and headed towards the cafeteria door."Oi!" yelled Jimin, "Don't forget about my soccer practice rides!"Hoseok waved a hand of acknowledgement behind him."It could just be me, but I think Hoseok is seriously tired." Yoongi took another swig from his water.Taehyung balled up the foil his sandwich came in. "You think?"



Movie Night



"Hoseokie." Taehyung leaned over the back of the couch where Hoseok and Namjoon were sitting. "I'm bored." Taehyung made grabby hands toward Hoseok to indicate his desire of cuddles. "Notice me.""Taehyung, baby, if I don't learn these formulas, I'll fail my Trig exam. I've worked night shifts all week, so I've been falling asleep in class." Hoseok ran a stressed hand through his hair."Hoseok, you're tired." Taehyung gently ran his thumbs under Hoseok's bags. "And when was the last time you actually ate an entire meal?" He moved on to cupping Hoseok's slightly hollow cheeks. Hoseok leaned into the touched before pushing Taehyung away with a sigh, "TaeTae, I promise to take better care of myself in the future, but I really need to study." He kissed the side of Taehyung's head."Hey TaeTae, why don't you go hang with Jiminie?" suggested Namjoon. "He and Yoongi are fighting again, so he'd probably enjoy the company."Taehyung pouted. "You swear that you'll take better care of yourself?" he said looking at Hoseok."I swear." Hoseok said seriously."I'll go, but first I want a kiss."Hoseok pecked Taehyung's cheek, laughing at his annoyed expression. Taehyung felt cheated. "I meant a real kiss." Hoseok obliged, connecting their lips in a loving kiss, neither caring of Namjoon's presence."Ahem," Namjoon loudly cleared his throat. "So that Trigonometry I'm tutoring you in?"Taehyung pulled away, lips red and slightly swollen. He righted himself against the back of the couch and leaned across to give Hoseok a hug from behind. "I love you.""I love you too."Taehyung kissed Hoseok's cheek and turned to go upstairs."You know," observed Namjoon, "You guys were made for each other."Hoseok blushed and looked down at his paper. "I really love him.""I know." Namjoon smiled. He was genuinely happy that two of his sons had been able to meet the perfect significant other so early on in life. Looking at Hoseok and Taehyung reminded him of himself and Seokjin."Speaking of which," Hoseok took a deep breath, "Can I ask you something?"Namjoon snapped out of his thoughts. "Yeah, what's up?"XXTaehyung knocked on Jimin's door exactly three times, "Jimin?" Another three knocks, "Jimin?" A final three knocks, "Jimin?"Jimin whipped the door open in annoyance. He had been quite happy sulking over Yoongi, he didn't need this stress. "What do you want? And why are you knocking like freaking Sheldon Cooper from that American show 'The Big Bang Theory'?""I want to talk."Jimin raised an eyebrow. "About?""Anything I guess." Taehyung sheepishly scratched at the back of his head. "So can I come in?""Of course, you alien." Jimin stepped aside to let Taehyung in. Taehyung belly flopped onto the unmade bed and pulled his knees to his chest, grunting when it shifted when Jimin flopped on. They each reached out their hand to interlock fingers."Do you ever think about how weird it's going to be when we don't see  each other everyday?" asked Jimin thoughtfully. He shifted to lay face to face with Taehyung. "I do sometimes, but I try not to linger on it too much. We've always been together, through everything, so it's hard to imagine when we won't be able to." Taehyung picked a piece of dander that had found its way into Jimin's hair. Jimin bit his lip, taking in what Taehyung said. "Even if we aren't physically with each other, it doesn't mean we won't be with each other at all." Taehyung hummed as Jimin continued, "No matter what, I'm always going to be there for you.""I think we should make a pact," Taehyung said seriously. He stuck out his pinkie. "We'll always be there for each other through everything. Brothers forever?"Jimin laughed and linked his pinkie with Taehyung's. "Definitely. Brothers forever." A few moments of silence passed before being broken by Jimin, "TaeTae you're my best friend. I just want you to know that.""You're mine too. You and me against the world, well I guess it's you, me, Hoseok, and Yoongi against the world. But we were the originals, so it's still exclusive." Taehyung nodded his head for emphasis.Jimin laughed and closed his eyes, nuzzling into his pillow. "Thanks Tae, you really cheered me up. I didn't realize how bummed my fight with Yoongi made me.""That's what brothers are for." Taehyung had always been good at perking Jimin up, even when they were kids. He followed Jimin's example and closed his eyes. "Love you bro," he murmured."Love you too." Jimin let sleep overtake him, followed closely behind by Taehyung.XX"Honey!" Seokjin set down Jungkook and hung his car keys on their peg. "You here?" He walked out of the entry way, ending in the living room. "Oh, there you are.""Hi daddy!" Jungkook ran around the couch and hopped into Namjoon's lap. "Hi Hobi!"Hoseok looked up from his problem smiling. If there were any kid he had a soft spot for, it was Jungkook. "Hey Kookie, nice Spiderman shoes!""Thank you!" Jungkook kicked his feet happily as Namjoon bounced him in his lap. "So Kookie," began Namjoon, "How was your day?""Yugyeom pushed me into the sandbox, but it was okay. He said sorry." He put his thumb in his mouth, a habit he'd recently fallen back into.Namjoon turned to look at Seokjin over the back of the couch. "What about you honey?" Seokjin walked closer to give Namjoon a quick kiss. "I had to give a c-section today due to birth complications. It doesn't look like the little guy is going to make it, but he seems like a fighter." He came around the couch to cuddle up next to his husband. "What's up Hoseok?""Namjoon was tutoring me in trig.""Aren't you taking the advanced one?""Yeah." "That's great Hoseok! Awesome job!" Seokjin beamed proudly as Hoseok looked down in embarrassment. Hoseok wasn't used to receiving compliments, so when he did get them, they always made him feel flustered."Hobi's smart!" giggled Jungkook."That's right Kookie, he's very smart," said Namjoon. He gently ran a hand through Seokjin's hair, massaging the scalp. "I'm cold," complained Taehyung as he walked down the stairs. He adjusted the drawstrings to the hoodie he stole from Hoseok"C'mere." Hoseok opened his arms for Taehyung to nestle into, the latter gratefully accepting the offer, completely hiding his face in Hoseok's shirt."Ugh," whined Jimin as he shuffled into the room, "You're all so shameless.""You're only saying that because you don't have Yoongi to cuddle with." Namjoon childishly stuck out his tongue."Not true! If you must know dad, I'm mad at Yoongi right now, so the only thing we'd do with each other is glare." Jimin crossed his arms and walked over to sit in the last unoccupied space on the couch."You and Yoongi give me whiplash. One minute you're both fine, and then you both claim the other is the scum of the Earth." Seokjin tiredly rubbed his temples. Yoongi and Jimin were exhausting; he didn't understand how they stood their roller coaster of a relationship.Jimin followed Namjoon's example, sticking out his tongue. "You guys suck, the only one who loves me is Jungkook." He stood to grab the child from his dad's arms and re-positioned himself in his seat. "Isn't that right Jungkookie?""Jimin's lame.""Ah! You wound me!" Everyone laughed, Jungkook snuggling into his brother's chest. "I wanna watch Baboons." Some kids liked Frozen, some liked the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, and some kids were like Jungkook- opting to watch a National Geographic documentary about the history of the Baboon."Well, documentary night anyone?" asked Namjoon. Seeing the all around agreement, he untangled himself from Seokjin and put the movie into the DVD player."I'll make popcorn!" Seokjin ran into the kitchen, returning with two steaming, pink bowls filled to the brim with popcorn. He and Namjoon re-situated themselves together on the couch as the opening credits flashed across the screen."How was the trig tutoring?" Taehyung quietly murmured into Hoseok's shirt. He had watched the documentary with Jungkook yesterday, so he wasn't particularly interested in suffering through it again."Pretty good. I really hope I pass the test. If my dad finds out how bad I've been doing lately, I'm dead." Hoseok slightly tensed at the thought of his dad, only calming when Taehyung ran his hand down his face gently."I know you baby, you're going to do amazing." Taehyung pulled Hoseok down for a kiss."Ew, you guys are so gross." Jimin threw a handful of popcorn at them. "We're trying to watch a movie here.""Aw, does Jimin miss Yoongi?" teased HoseokJimin's cheeks burned red in embarrassment. "No!""So you're not texting him an apology right now?" Hoseok gestured to Jimin's now unlocked phone he had in his small hand."You know what? Shut up." Jimin stuck out his tongue. Hoseok could only laugh.



Happy Birthday
Chapter Notes
Okay, so this chapter contains some terrible lemon, but I tried to make it very brief (I also tried to make it not suck, but I still have a LOT of improvement to do). Because of the lemon, I may have to change the rating, so if you could give me your personal opinion about that, it would be very much appreciated! :) (P.S. sorry this took so long, you know how exam season is)



"H-Hoseokie." Taehyung arched his back to give Hoseok better access. Hoseok trailed hot kisses across Taehyung's chest, pausing to swirl his tongue around Taehyung's nipples. He made his way back up, sucking on the side of Taehyung's neck- his sweet spot. "Please," Taehyung whined, voice high and needy. Hoseok hummed, pulling away to admire his work. "Please what?" he whispered. Taehyung could feel shivers running down his back."Stop teasing me!" "Tease you? I would never tease you." Hoseok shifted his position, sliding downwards to kiss the inside of Taehyung's thighs. He reached a hand up to palm Taehyung through his boxers, gaining satisfaction when the latter let out a breathy moan. Pre-cum began to leak, leaving a wet spot on Taehyung's boxers. "You like that baby?" Hoseok slipped his hand under the band and gently stroked Taehyung's member, swirling his thumb around the tip. Taehyung mewled. He was so hard, he could freaking cry. "Please, hyung."Hoseok immediately slipped off his boxers, freeing his own member. He slid off Taehyung's, and threw them across the room, said clothing landing where the rest of their clothes were strewn haphazardly in the corner. Hoseok had a thing for Taehyung calling him 'hyung' - information that Taehyung made sure did not go to waste. He swiftly moved up, smashing their lips together, erections rubbing roughly. Hoseok moaned into the kiss, adjusting positions once again for better contact. "Hyung, I can't take it anymore." Taehyung felt like he was going to explode, he needed Hoseok, right freaking now. "I love it when you call me that." Hoseok pulled away and stuck two fingers in his mouth. Prepping was the worst, both parties always ready to get on with it, but it was worth it- especially when Taehyung got into his favorite position. Hoseok wiggled his body back down and inserted the first finger so slowly, Taehyung felt like he'd die. "More." He lifted his legs and threw them over Hoseok's shoulders. Hoseok quickened his pace, adding in another three digits. Taehyung squeezed his eyes shut, whimpering for more. "Are you ready, baby?" Taehyung looked up at Hoseok and nodded, hands digging into Hoseok's shoulders. Hoseok positioned himself at Taehyung's entrance and slowly slid in, pausing to give his boyfriend time to adjust."Oh God, Hoseokie!" Hoseok took that as his signal to move. He thrusted, a rush of satisfaction flooding through him when he immediately found Taehyung's sweet spot. "Right there, right there!" Taehyung's moans became louder. "Hoseokie, I'm so close!" He could feel his orgasm building. Hoseok moved even faster, hitting the prostate every time. He used the hand that wasn't holding Taehyung up to stroke Taehyung's length. "Hoseokie! I can't hold it! I'm com-" Hoseok cut him off, smashing their lips together. Taehyung came first, followed immediately by Hoseok. He collapsed next to Taehyung panting, skin gleaming with sweat. "I love you."Taehyung cuddled closer and nuzzled into the juncture of Hoseok's neck. "I love you too. Happy birthday Hobi." His toes brushed their mess and he sighed. He really didn't want to get up to wash his sheets, he just wanted to stay curled up next to Hoseok forever. "I know what you're thinking, and the answer is no. It's eventually gonna get all cold and gross." Hoseok stood and put on his boxers."Ugh, you're no fun," groaned Taehyung as he stood to find his underwear. Hoseok quirked a brow, "I think the sheets beg to differ."Taehyung's cheeks burned red as he threw a shoe at Hoseok's head. "You suck.""And swallow." Hoseok smirked. Sometimes messing with Taehyung was just way too easy."Shut up!" Taehyung's cheeks maintained their crimson hue. "Will you take down the comforter?" He tossed it over. Hoseok caught it with ease and took it down to the washing machine, Taehyung right behind him, arms filled with the remaining sheets. They made a joint effort to shove the sheets into the machine, a surprisingly difficult task. Hoseok pressed the button and turned to Taehyung. "Without the sheets, it's gonna be pretty cold on the mattress." He wound his arms around Taehyung's neck. "And uncomfortable." He nibbled at a fresh hickey."Mhm." Taehyung felt delicious chills running through his body. "We wouldn't want to be cold and uncomfortable.""Exactly." Hoseok lifted Taehyung and set him on the washer. "And," he nibbled Taehyung's ear, "We'd get it all dirty.""Dirty mattresses are pretty gross." Taehyung could feel himself hardening. "So what do you propose to solve this great dilemma?" He gently dragged his nails down Hoseok's back, coming back up to lace his fingers in the elder's hair.Hoseok softly groaned, eyes beginning to darken. "I propose," he ghosted his thumbs across Taehyung's nipples, "The shower.""If you promise not to drop me in it." He wrapped his legs tightly around Hoseok's waist. "Wouldn't dream of it." Hoseok could feel Taehyung hardening. He didn't tear his eyes away as he carried them up the stairs and into the bathroom."You're staring at me." "You're beautiful, and as a human, it's my nature to want to look at beautiful things, hence, I'm staring at you."Taehyung blushed, ducking his head into Hoseok's neck. "Cheesy."Hoseok kicked the bathroom door closed behind them and turned to Taehyung with a hungry look in his eyes. "You love it." He attached their mouths together, licking Taehyung's bottom lip for entrance. Taehyung moaned, pulling Hoseok closer, "You're right, I do."XX"Let's watch Ppororo!" Taehyung bounced on the couch in excitement, jostling Hoseok's poor head that was laying in his lap. "We can watch freaking Hannah Montana, just be still." Hoseok closed his eyes and sighed contentedly when Taehyung began to thread his fingers through his hair. He honestly felt like he was in heaven."Well Mr. Sleepyhead, you're the one who initiated another two rounds after the shower. If you're tired, it's your own doing.""If I remember correctly, you wanted to go a third time."Taehyung's cheeks burned as he sputtered, "You know what? I thought you were tired. Sleep." Hoseok was more than happy to comply with the request, lazily throwing an arm across Taehyung's lap. He was so tired. Hoseok closed his eyes, letting sleep-"Hey! Where's the birthday boy?" yelled Namjoon as he came into the house. "Hoseok!""Hobi!" called Jimin."Hoseok, we don't have all day," Yoongi loudly grumbled.Seokjin shifted Jungkook onto his other hip and stepped into the living room, "He's in here guys!"Everyone came in and crowded around the couch. Hoseok groaned, sitting up to what everyone was disturbing him for. Namjoon came around to set the cake on the coffee table. "Alright singing squad, ready?" He lit the candles, "One, two, three!"Taehyung, Jimin, and Seokjin sang 'Happy Birthday,' aided by a surprisingly on-key Jungkook. "Make a wish Seokie!" Jungkook said excitedly. Hoseok wanted to cry, his family hadn't cared about his birthday in years, the fact that everyone went through all this trouble really meant a lot to him. He could feel tears beginning to slide down his cheeks."Hoseokie, baby, you're supposed to be happy." Taehyung gently wiped Hoseok's face with his hoodie sleeve. Hoseok sniffled, "I am happy. That's why I'm crying. This really means a lot to me, thank you, thank all of you." "Don't sweat it kid, now hurry up and blow out those candles. We have dinner reservations, and if we're late, we're going to get the crappy table right next to the kitchen," Namjoon tried to sound harsh, but his grin gave him away."You guys got dinner reservations? Really, that's too much I-"Seokjin cut Hoseok off, "You deserve it, you're hard-working, applied, and going to great places, so tonight, we're celebrating you." Namjoon wrapped an arm around Seokjin, "But first, you both might want to change." He eyed Taehyung's hoodie that obviously wasn't his (he didn't remember his son owning a J-HOPE Dance Leader sweatshirt) and their sweats. Combined with ruffled hair and red, puffy eyes, the activities they had partaken in were obvious. He looked over to Yoongi and Jimin in their terrible, matching, puke green Christmas sweaters and rubbed his temples, "You guys too, Jesus Christ, I feel like I'm standing next to Shrek and his slow cousin Shrek the Third.""Dad, what are you talking about? Yoongi and I are at the pinnacle of fashion."Taehyung looked up from where he was rubbing circles into Hoseok's back, "More like the pinnacle of idiocy."Yoongi sighed dramatically, "I was dragged into this, and I honestly feel so attacked right now.""Don't listen to them babe, we look great." Jimin kissed Yoongi's cheek.Jungkook giggled, sticking out a chubby toddler arm, "Grinch!""Why me?" Yoongi dropped to his knees in exasperation. He loved his boyfriend, (even if he hadn't told Jimin that...yet) but there was no way in the seven rings of hell that he'd ever get roped into this again, or at least, that's what he was thinking before Jimin turned and gave him the brightest smile. Ugly matching sweaters wouldn't kill him if they made Jimin happy. Yoongi groaned, standing back up to his full height. He was totally whipped.XX"I'm stuffed." Taehyung crawled into the bed, curling into Hoseok's side. Hoseok snaked an arm around his boyfriend's waist, shifting to kiss his forehead. "This was the best birthday ever, really. My parents haven't cared about it since I was eleven.""Isn't that when...?" Taehyung trailed off."Yeah." Hoseok sighed and rolled to face Taehyung, burying his face in Taehyung's neck.Taehyung didn't say anything for awhile, sensing the dark turn the mood had taken. "Well birthday boy, there's one thing we haven't done." He crawled on top of Hoseok, comfortably straddling his lap."Yeah? What's that?" Their compromising positions had definitely peaked his interest, along with the interest of other parts of his body. Taehyung leaned forward slowly, lips parted and eyes dark, "Birthday blowjob." He nibbled Hoseok's ear, using his free hand to stroke down Hoseok's bare abdomen."Oh my fucking gosh, I love you," Hoseok said, his parents completely forgotten.Taehyung laughed and shook his bangs out of his face, "I love you too, horny bastard.""Only for you baby.""Good." Taehyung scooted down, immediately getting to work, and suddenly, Hoseok couldn't remember his own damn name.



New Years
Chapter Notes
So here's a New Years chapter that's almost a month late and that nobody asked for! Enjoy!



"Popcorn, we definitely need popcorn." Taehyung grabbed said item and threw it into their shopping cart. Jimin began pushing forward again, "Do you think we should get one of those thingies that roll out when you blow into them?"Taehyung stopped reading the list of groceries that they were supposed to be getting and answered his brother, "Yeah, but first we have to get the cookies Jungkook likes, they're somewhere on this aisle." He looked around a bit and pointed to the rack behind Jimin, "They're behind you. We may as well get two packs, he lives for those.""Are these one of things Appa actually wrote down?""Of course not," Taehyung said nonchalantly, spoiling his little brother whenever he could was something he always made sure to do. "We can hide them later or something."Jimin groaned, "You always get me involved in your antics, and I let you. Why do I let you?""We're twins, we go down together." Taehyung held out his hand for a high five, but was only met with the sight of Jimin pinching the bridge of his nose. "Why are you like this?""We've lived together our whole lives, accept me for who I am.""I accept you, I just question you.""Get in line."Jimin feigned offense, "Why should I get in line, can't I get a line skip because I'm your loyal, loving brother?" Taehyung stuck out his tongue and grabbed a jar of cheese balls, "No, no you don't.""You wound me!""Good, now come on, if we don't get all the vegetables he listed, we're dead." They both turned, walking to the other side of the store, Taehyung humming the intro to a drama he had been watching with Namjoon earlier."TaeTae?" Jimin accepted the bags of broccoli handed to him and put them in the cart."Hm?" Taehyung furrowed his brows in concentration searching  for asparagus. "Hey, do you see the asparagus?""Yeah, it's right here." Jimin left the cart to get the bag, walking back over to continue pushing, "Anyways, I had a question." Taehyung threw some green beans over his shoulder, "I'm listening.""How'd you know that you loved Hoseok?" "What?" Taehyung would've spat out his water if he had been drinking some. Jimin had never asked him anything like this, but while surprising, it made him happy that Jimin came to him about it. Or maybe he was just the current most available person, either way, Taehyung was happy."I asked how you knew you were in love with Hoseok." Jimin bit his lip nervously. He had been thinking about it a lot lately, and truly felt that "like" wasn't enough to describe what he felt for Yoongi, he felt something for Yoongi that was much stronger."Well," Taehyung stood up from his place at the bottom of the frozen vegetable freezer with a bag of golden corn, "We were having the dumbest conversation in the backyard, I think we were looking for twigs or something while we watched Jungkook. It was getting dark out, and Hoseok was so bright. He was laughing at whatever crazy crap I'd said, but like, full blown out laughing. The kind where his head was tilted back, and the joy seemed to pour off of him in waves. He pulled me into a hug and nuzzled against my neck, and it was so perfect. I didn't want to be anywhere else except with him. We need to get pickles, they're on aisle nine." Taehyung turned, leading the way."Wait up! You're walking so fast!" Jimin power walked after his brother. "And I have more questions.""Multi-task little bro." Taehyung stretched his arm to get the pickle jar. "We got everything on the list, should we get some more junk food?""Definitely. I want marshmallows and chocolate." "Let's go then. Hoseok likes Snickers, so I'll get him a bag of those."Jimin rapped his fingers against the cart, finally deciding to break the silence, "When did you tell him you loved him?" He accepted the bag of jumbo marshmallows from Taehyung and added them to the rest of their stockpile. "That I love him? Catch." He chucked over a bag of Hershey bars and fun size Snickers. "He saved up for a while to take me to this really fancy restaurant, but we stopped at this really pretty fountain to take a picture, but I got too close and was going to fall in, but he caught me and said, 'Careful baby, I love you too much to lose you, especially to a fountain,' and he held me so close. That led to me saying it back, and I'll never forget how amazing it felt." Taehyung wrapped his arms around himself for a moment. Talking about Hoseok made Taehyung miss him, especially since Hoseok had been away all week at a dancing competition. He had worn Hoseok's hoodie all week, but it was providing little comfort at the moment. "I forgot eggs, but they're by the drinks, so we can kill two birds with one stone.""Okay." Jimin blushed and scratched the back of his head, "I have one last question.""Yeah? Shoot." Taehyung checked off the items they'd gotten as they walked to the eggs."Have you and Hoseok, um, you know...done it?"Taehyung's head snapped up, eyes peering at Jimin through his floppy bangs, "You sure are asking a lot of questions." Jimin's face heated up even more, "I know I...I was just curious.""Yes.""Yes what?""Yes, me and Hoseok have had sex. Quite a few times actually, anything else you'd like to know?" Taehyung pushed back his hair and jammed the list into his back pocket. He couldn't remember the last time he had spoken to Jimin about such a personal topic, but he didn't mind. Jimin was only curious."What's it like? Having sex with someone you truly love, I mean.""It's amazing, like, you're the only two people in the world, lost entirely in each other. It's really amazing to share yourself with the person that matters most to you." Taehyung checked a box of eggs to see if any were cracked, then gently nestled them under the marshmallows. "Do you want Sprite or Dr. Pepper?""Sprite.""Same, I guess I'll get the two liter bottle in case anyone else wants some.""TaeTae?""Mhm.""Thank you."Taehyung lugged the huge bottle of soda into his cart and turned to give Jimin a hug, "That's what brothers are for."XXTaehyung missed Hoseok like crazy. He knew it was irrational because it had only been a week, but the dull ache was still there. He was probably far too attached to Hoseok, but that was fine by him. Taehyung sighed, bringing his knees to his chest and curling into the couch. Jimin gave his brother a comforting pat on the shoulder, "Aw, don't worry TaeTae, he'll get here. You'll see." Jimin smiled, his eyes turning into adorable slits. Taehyung appreciated it, really, he did, but Jimin had Yoongi, his dads had each other, and Jungkook had his bed. Seokjin changed the channel to New York's countdown. "Taehyung, there's still two hours! He'll get here before twelve." Namjoon nodded his agreement, carding his fingers through Seokjin's hair.He knew it was dramatic, but that didn't stop the aching in his chest. He wanted to see Hoseok, and hold him, and hug him, and kiss him, and tell him he loved him. They'd Skyped everyday that Hoseok was gone, but Taehyung needed to see him in person. That's how another hour passed, Taehyung surrounded by happy couples while missing his boyfriend. And then the doorbell finally rang, and Taehyung had somehow made it to the door. He didn't remember getting up, or walking, or even opening the door, he could only process Hoseok. Hoseok standing there with his duffel bag slung across his shoulder, hair unruly, cheeks red from the cold. Personally, Taehyung thought that he never looked more perfect. "Hey baby, I'm so sorry I'm late. The result announcement was pushed back because the announcer suddenly came down with a case of strep, and the officials insisted on booking another one instead of reading them themselves, then when we finally left, the fucking car broke down in the middle of the highway, so we all had to push it to the side of the road and call roadside services, but they wouldn't have been there for at least three hours, so I bailed with Minho and we caught a ride with this guy named Dave to the bus stop, I think he was on his way to a chicken convention, I can't really remember, but anyways, the bus took an hour to come and it smelled awful because this weird hobo lady was literally shitting in her seat, and the bus driver looked dead at her in the mirror yet refused to do anything, then I finally got off that god forsaken bus only to find out that it was the wrong stop, so I had to walk all the way-" Taehyung cut him off with a kiss, slow and sweet with a tinge of longing. "I missed you."Hoseok tightly wound his arms around Taehyung, nuzzling his nose into Taehyung's hair. "I love you, but can we go inside? I'm freezing." Taehyung laughed and kissed the side of Hoseok's neck, "Of course silly." They stepped inside, Taehyung locking the door while Hoseok set down his bag and took off his shoes. "It was over a mile from here to the place I got off the bus at, and I didn't have a jacket. I think I'm dying."Taehyung pecked his nose, "Want your hoodie back?""No, it looks cute on you."Taehyung kept the hoodie on and just opted to wrap Hoseok up in a warm embrace until his body temperature was at 'still freezing, but not deathly freezing' level. "We can cuddle on the couch to warm you up some more, c'mon." He linked fingers with Hoseok and led him into the living room where everyone was patiently waiting."So, how did the competition go?" inquired Yoongi.Hoseok sat down first, then was followed by Taehyung melting into his lap. "We got second place.""Ouch, that bites man.""It's fine, the winning team bribed the judges with strip club coupons, so they'll get what's coming when they wind up with HIV." Hoseok smiled. As far as he was concerned, winning competitions wasn't nearly as important as showcasing his skills. It hadn't happened yet, but he still hoped to catch a scout's attention. Jimin wrinkled up his nose, "Isn't HIV a bit much? Why not just wish they stub their toe, or get wet socks?"Yoongi kissed Jimin's head, "You're right, wet socks are pretty terrible, although if it were me, I'd wish their Wi-Fi connection was irreparably damaged." Everyone immediately gasped, turning to stare in shock at Yoongi. "Yoongi! Are you some sort of uncivilized, uncouth animal? You would go for the Wi-Fi? I can't believe this, my son is dating a barbarian!" Namjoon dramatically laid the back of his hand against his forehead."You know, there was a time before Wi-Fi, and we weren't heathens," Seokjin said."You mean the primitive times, baby? The years of fire discovery and the invention of the wheel?" Namjoon took on a serious expression and stretched his arms to the ceiling, "Stick make fire make life!"Seokjin laughed the loudest of all."Guys, shhh! The music performances are starting!" Taehyung's cheeks were red from laughing so hard, his breathing ragged as he panted out the words. They all settled down and began the seemingly endless wait for the countdown. XXYoongi mentally psyched himself up. Tonight was the night. Jimin had to know how he felt, he had put it off long enough."3, 2, 1, Happy New Year!" The TV was ridiculously loud, but Yoongi supposed that Americans had a thing for noise. He tuned it out and stood, pulling Jimin to his feet. "Happy New Year Jiminie, I love you." And then their lips were sealed, and Jimin would forever declare this to be one of the best days of his life.XX"Good year, sweetheart?" asked Hoseok."Good year, although I can think of a way to start this year that would make it great." Taehyung seductively narrowed his eyes."Oh yeah?""Yeah." He grabbed Hoseok's hand, and both ran giggling up to Taehyung's room. Hoseok good tell it would definitely be a great year.XX"Joonie! Are you sure we should let them go up together? They're so young," said Seokjin as he gestured to where Taehyung had run up the stairs with Hoseok. After their kiss, Yoongi had rushed out, leaving Jimin to absentmindedly retire to his room for the night, happy, and deliriously in love."Jin, Taehyung is turning eighteen in like a month, it's time to let go love," Namjoon took Seokjin's hands into his own and rubbed soothing circles into the palms. "Both he and Jimin will be going to college soon.""They're still my babies.""They'll always be your babies honey, but you have to let them out of their protective bubble you like to put them in. They have to go out into the world and experience new things and get knocked down so they can learn to get backup again."Seokjin pouted, gently wiping at his watering eyes with his sweater sleeve, "I hate it when you're right."Namjoon smiled and picked Seokjin up, throwing him over his shoulder. "Joonie!"He hummed, carrying Seokjin into their bedroom and dropping him on the bed. "Yes?" He straddled Jin's lap, placing hot kisses down the side of his neck. Suddenly, there were a million other things more important than his eldest sons growing up.



Jealousy Happens
Chapter Notes
Sorry it's been so long, school has kept me really busyyyyy, but it'll get better (I hope.) I think my writing has been improving, what do you all think? I hope you all are enjoying the story! I would also like to thank everyone who has commented and left kudos, there's over 200 hundred kudos! Thank you all so much! Okay, this note is everywhere...French fries.



"I wish I could pee on you," Taehyung said seriously as he took a sip of milk from his carton. Hoseok immediately spat his water out all over poor Yoongi, "Taehyung, the actual fuck!""Dude, really? This is disgusting," growled Yoongi."I'm sure you would've done the same if Jimin said that he wanted to urinate on your body!"Jimin put down his crusty pizza, "Okay for starters, that thought would never cross my mind."Hoseok rubbed his temples to try and regain some of his composure, "Taehyung, what in the seven rings of hell makes you want to take a piss on me?" Taehyung calmly slid his tray between himself and Hoseok, "You haven't been eating enough lately, so now you get to share terrible Alfredo with me, here," he handed over a second pair of chopsticks. Hoseok grudgingly took a bite of the rubbery pasta, "You still haven't answered my question.""I need to stake my claim on you so that all the girls that go by the dance room to slobber over you while you practice get the memo." Taehyung angrily shoved a bite of Alfredo into his mouth. He knew it wasn't Hoseok's fault, but he was still pissed. Hoseok was his, and he'd always been terrible at sharing. Hoseok looked up with a bewildered expression. "What girls?""What do you mean 'What girls'? The same ones who say 'Hi Seokie' in seductive voices every time you walk into the room!""Oh, I'm pretty sure they only come for Minho, Kyhun, Jooheon, and basically everyone else on the squad." Hoseok personally had never seen himself as a 'ladykiller,' or anything of the sort, and he was perfectly fine with that. He only cared about Taehyung. "And that's why they take pictures of you when your back is turned?""They do? That's creepy." Hoseok put down his chopsticks, he wasn't particularly hungry. "You're missing the point! Screw it!" Taehyung stood and stomped off to dump his tray. Hoseok turned to Yoongi and Jimin, "Was it something I said?""Dude, you hurt his feelings," Yoongi said exasperatedly. When it came to relationships, he was far more dense than Hoseok, but there were some things he caught onto that just went over the younger's head. Hoseok sputtered, "But I barely said anything!""That's the point, idiot! He wanted assurance! Look at it like this, you were gone for an entire week, and this is the first time this week that he's seen you since New Years! It's Friday, Hoseok," Jimin made sure to emphasize the fact that it had been nearly two weeks since Hoseok and Taehyung had spent serious time together. "TaeTae isn't an insecure person, but I think everyone has their days when they need a little extra assurance.""When did you guys get so smart?""We didn't get any smarter, your IQ only seems to go down my friend." Yoongi chugged his Styrofoam cup of water and threw it at Hoseok's head. "Dumb ass." Hoseok stood up, giving Yoongi a pointed glare, "I probably deserved that, but I still want to kick your scrawny ass. Thanks guys.""Where are you going?" Jimin ran his hands through Yoongi's hair."The library, Taehyung likes to hide in the back behind the biography section because no one has been back there in the last fifty years." Hoseok slung his bag over his shoulder and walked off."We're alone now," Yoongi said, voice clearly disguising a hidden agenda. Jimin sighed, "What do you want?""Let's go to the courtyard and make out.""Fine, but my breath is terrible." Yoongi laughed, simultaneously swiping up his water bottle and collecting his backpack. "You say that like it's something new." His statement was met by being hit in the head by Jimin's bulky calculus book.XXHoseok slid off his bag and toed at the beanbag chair Taehyung was melted in. He wasn't sure where the thing had come from, but he wasn't going to question that. "Hi baby." Taehyung didn't blink an eye as he flipped the page of his book. In all honesty, he didn't even know what was going on, but if he couldn't figure it out, there was always spark notes. It wasn't like Great Expectations would affect his future. Abandoning his first approach, he simply squatted down and lifted Taehyung up bridal style. He found himself a comfortable position in the chair and pulled Taehyung into his chest, carding his slender fingers through Taehyung's hair. "Let's talk, yeah?" Taehyung sighed, marking his page with a fold in the top right corner. He didn't have strong resolve when it came to Hoseok. "I know I'm overreacting, I just...I don't know, I guess lonely is the word." He picked up Hoseok's free hand, tangling their fingers together. "It's dumb to feel like this, you have other things going on in your life besides me and-""It's not dumb, I would feel the same way in your position. I'm sorry I've been so MIA this week, but you never have to worry about me developing feelings for anyone else. You're the only one care about, the reason I can smile because I get to see you. You're beautiful and quirky and funny, and being around you makes me so freaking happy. I love you." Hoseok wiped some of Taehyung's tears away. "You don't ever have to worry.""I love you, you sentimental dork," Taehyung's voice was wet. "Kiss me."Hoseok smiled, hugging Taehyung closer, "Whatever you want."XX"Dude, I think we should do a run through of the second part, I keep falling down," Minho whined. "Dude, dude! Hoseok! You there bro?" He waved his hand in front of Hoseok's face."What? Oh, sorry. I'm just..." He trailed off his sentence."Distracted. You're distracted. Bro, you take this dance team more seriously than literally anyone else in here, what's wrong?"Hoseok ran a hand through his hair and squinted at the girls sitting at the front of the dance room. "How long have they been here? Like, when did they start watching us?" Minho followed his gaze, "I think they're in your fan club." Hoseok blinked, "I have a fan club?""You didn't notice?""No.""If I were you, I'd have two girls on my shoulders and one just to trail behind." Minho playfully elbowed Hoseok in his side. He knew about Taehyung -everybody on the dance team did, but he still liked to joke around. "Aw, look who's smiling now." He squished Hoseok's cheeks.Hoseok batted off Minho and took out his phone, "Alright, five minute break?""I'm down, but I still want to do that run through of the second part.""Knock yourself out." He sent a text to Taehyung.
Hoseok

Meet me at the dance room

Taehyung

Why? I have class

Hoseok

Trust me

Taehyung

As my boyfriend, you should value my education. I'm coming, this better be good.
Hoseok hummed, sitting down on the slick, wooden floor and pulling his knees to his chest. He really hoped his idea would work. Taehyung slammed the door open. "Alright, this better be good!" He had never been shy, you knew when Taehyung was coming. Hoseok stood up and pulled him into the center of the room. "I want to make sure you know that I only ever want you." He pulled Taehyung into a deep, passionate kiss. Collective noises of surprise were heard from the front of the room, and Hoseok smiled into the kiss. "I think I got my point across," he said as he gestured to the upset looking group of girls packing their things. Taehyung laughed. "You always know what to do.""Because I'm amazing.""Don't get cocky, or else you won't be getting the surprise I have planned for you," Taehyung said, voice seductive. He snaked his arms around Hoseok's neck, leaning forward to whisper hotly, "I think this is a surprise you definitely want to get." Hoseok gulped. "Why do you do this to me?""Because it's fun." He innocently pecked Hoseok's forehead.XX"Dammit!" Namjoon slammed his hand down on the kitchen table. Seokjin immediately looked up from his book, "Namjoon! What the hell!""It's the neighbors, Jin! I swear to God they're planning something! No one is that nice. You know what they did today? They trimmed our fucking hedges, our hedges Seokjin! We can't let them win! We have to do something!" He ran a hand through his hair, effectively ruining its neat look. "Jiminie, TaeTae!" He waited a bit, then yelled again, "Jimin, Taehyung, hurry up!""Joonie, I just put Kookie down for his nap! You know he's a light sleeper!" "Daaad, I was on the phone with Yoongi," whined Jimin as he sulked into the kitchen and dramatically fell into a seat at the table. Namjoon rolled his eyes, "You see the boy all day, what left is there possibly to talk about?" Jimin scowled, "Well, you see Appa all day, what do you talk about?""That's different, we're old and married. Marry Yoongi, and you'll see."Personally, Jimin could think of a lot things way worse than marrying Yoongi. If he was being completely honest with himself, he quite liked the thought. "Excuse you! I'm not old!" Seokjin yelled. Namjoon pinched the bridge of his nose, "Focus people! We're all getting off track, and where the hell is Taehyung?""We're here." Taehyung stomped into the kitchen and threw himself in the seat farthest from everyone at the table. He and Hoseok had been enjoying themselves. Immensely. But he had been called at a terrible time- the "crucial moment" as Taemin liked to call it. Hoseok came in almost immediately after, taking the seat next to Taehyung. Namjoon sighed, "Taehyung, your shirt is inside out, and Hoseok, your pants are on backwards. At least try." Taehyung only huffed."Anyways, I gathered you all down here to inform you all that the neighbors are out to get us." Namjoon looked everyone dead in the eye, he had never been more serious about anything in his life. Taehyung's mouth dropped open, "You mean old Ms. Hatchings? Dad, she's old, and fragile, and frail!""Exactly! That woman is old as hell, she probably walked with Jesus! Which is why she's out to get us! What ninety-year-old do you know goes around trimming her neighbor's hedges? None! That's not all, she offered Kookie a lollipop! That's creepy! I'm telling you, we're her targets!"Seokjin fell to the table in laughter. Only his husband would devise such a theory. "Joonie, honey, it's all in your head." Jimin smiled, "Dad, you're crazy, but I still love you." Even Taehyung and Hoseok joined in on the laughter, although deep down, they still wished they could've finished what they had been doing.Namjoon glared, "You're laughing now, but I bet you won't be when she strikes again." And then he left the room, mumbling under his breath about 'unsupportive husbands' and 'suckish kids.' Seokjin wished he had listened a month later when he found his car he'd left in the driveway covered in flour and saw Mrs. Hatchings peering out from her window with a smug smile.



Babysitting
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




"Alright guys, the family meeting starts now!" Namjoon clapped his hands together loudly, making Jimin jump. "I'm taking Seokjin out for a really nice day today, and we won't be back until around eleven tonight, so you all get to babysit Jungkookie!" He smiled until his dimples showed. Yoongi stopped rubbing Jimin's back, "Then why are me and Hoseok here?""Because you're helping, and Hoseok is in charge."Jimin scowled, "Why does Hoseok get to be in charge? Why not me, or Yoongs, or TaeTae?" Namjoon sighed, running his hand through his now brown hair. "Hoseok is the most responsible. There is no way in the seven rings of hell that I would ever leave one of you three in charge. Taehyung would find a way to burn down the house, you'd figure out how to ditch the ashes, and Yoongi would make a mixtape as background music.""Wait," began Yoongi, "What are you trying to say about my mixtapes? My mixtapes are fire!""I'm not going to acknowledge that. Anyways, Hoseok you're in charge, don't let them do any of the idiocy they come up with.""I've got this," Hoseok murmured from his place curled up in Taehyung's lap. He didn't let on, but he was proud of the fact that Namjoon put so much trust in him, putting him in charge over his own sons. "I hope you guys really enjoy yourselves," he said with a signature, bright smile. Taehyung, in turn, took on a cheesy grin. Whenever Hoseok smiled like that, he couldn't help but join in. "Take your time, you both deserve this.""Thanks guys. Jungkookie is down for his nap right now, so he should be up soon, can you take it from here?""Dad, we have this in the bag," assured Jimin. "Go take Appa out, we're good.""Alright then, call me if something happens. Love you guys, including you two, future son-in-laws." Yoongi gave a small smile, Hoseok opting to hide his face in Taehyung's shoulder. Namjoon left the living room, went on a mad hunt for his keys, and scrambled out of the house excitedly.Jimin awkwardly looked around, "So...what now?" Hoseok rubbed at his face, detaching himself from Taehyung. "We have to wait for him to wake up.""How long will that take," asked Yoongi."Depends on how tired he is." Yoongi flattened against the back of the couch, sighing dramatically. "This is boring. Let's do something." Hoseok was honestly ready to swallow bullets, and it hadn't even been five minutes. He never knew someone could be so clueless about child-care. Taehyung whined at the loss of contact, pulling Hoseok back into his lap. "You two can do whatever, we'll stay here with Kookie." Jimin didn't waste any time shooting up. He grabbed Yoongi's hand, yanking him up roughly to leave the other rubbing at his arm. He loved his little brother, really, he did, but he wanted to spend time with Yoongi. They were new to the whole "in love" thing; he wanted to explore it more."Thanks big brother, love you! Cover for me, yeah?"Taehyung didn't even get a chance to respond, Jimin was already gone, the door slamming behind him. He ran his fingers through Hoseok's hair. "And then there were two." Hoseok closed his eyes, leaning further into Taehyung's touch. "Fine by me. I haven't gotten more than thirty minutes of sleep in over a week. I'm dying.""You should really work on that sweetheart.""I know, in fact, why don't I start now." Hoseok was more than happy to drift to sleep with Taehyung working magic with his fingers, but Jungkook wasn't. That was the exact time he chose to wake up and scream. "Or maybe not." It looked like it was going to be a long day.XX"Another strike! I'm the greatest!" Yoongi danced around in circles, much to Jimin's embarrassment. "I rock! Who rocks? Yoongi! Go Yoongi, Go Yoongi, it's your birthday go Yoongi!" He began to do the running man. Shame was something that he'd lost far too early in life."Oh my god, really? We're in public."Jimin sighed into the hand he was covering his face with. "I can't take you anywhere.""You love it. In fact," He dabbed over to where Jimin was standing beside their table and brought him against his chest. "I think you want to join me." Yoongi twirled Jimin around, then proceeded to force him into doing the Hokey Pokey. "Aish, slippery floor, slippery floor!" He fell down, taking Jimin with him. Jimin tried to look angry, but he was laughing too hard.XX"You left one of the kids in charge? Joonie! They'll burn the house down! Lord knows what'll happen to Jungkookie! What were you thinking?" Seokjin was about to have a panic explosion. He liked his house, and his sons out of prison, and he especially enjoyed having his youngest son alive. Namjoon laughed it off, "It's fine love, I left Hoseok in charge.""Why didn't you tell me that, I nearly had a heart attack! I'm too old for this.""Firstly, you didn't give me a chance, you started spazzing, and second of all, you're finally admitting to being old?"Seokjin stood, shoving back his chair in the process. "Namjoon, so help me God, I will take this menu and shove it so far up your-""Ahem," the waiter nervously cleared his throat. "Your order sir?"Seokjin never wanted to be invisible more than in that moment, and Namjoon was being aggressively unhelpful. Cackling behind your hands like the Wicked Witch Of The West is not good support.XXTaehyung groaned and shifted his position on the bench again. No matter how he sat, it still hurt. On top of that, he was cold and hungry, but Hoseok insisted on taking Jungkook to the park. He whined and laid his head on Hoseok's shoulder. Hoseok instinctively wrapped his arm around Taehyung's shoulders. "What's wrong? You keep squirming.""I'm sore!"Hoseok smirked, "Still feeling New Years?""I'm still feeling your birthday, Christmas, New Years, last week, and pretty soon, I'll be feeling Valentine's Day." Taehyung gave up searching for a comfortable position. "I'm also cold and hungry.""I told you to wear a jacket, hold on," Hoseok stood up to slip off his hoodie, handing the bunched material to Taehyung. "I figured you'd get cold, so I wore long sleeves. Want to sit in my lap instead of the hard bench?"Taehyung pulled the hoodie on, ruffling the hair he'd spent half an hour on. He loved wearing Hoseok's jackets, he didn't really know why; he just found the general scent of Hoseok to be comforting. "It's fine, I'm just being whiny." The intimacy of silence went on for a while, but Taehyung broke it, "How're things with your dad?" Hoseok bit his lip. His father had been being especially prickish lately. "He's...himself." And that was that. Taehyung decided not to prod."Seokie, Seokie!" Jungkook stopped in front of Hoseok and pointed to his slightly red knee. "Ouchie." Hoseok leaned over and took the child into his arms. "Aw, does Kookie have an owie?"Jungkook nodded his head. "Want me to kiss it better, sweetheart?" Another nod. Hoseok kissed his knee, then went to tickle Jungkook's tummy. "Feel better?" Jungkook nodded his head through his giggling. Hoseok took in Jungkook's red nose, and looked over to his boyfriend's still shivering form. "How about we all just go get hot chocolate, hm?" Taehyung immediately shot up, "Now you're speaking my language."XX"Oh what do you know? Jimin wins again!" Yoongi groaned and dramatically laid his head on their table. His winning streak had long since been broken. Bowling sucked. Well, only when he was losing. "ChimChim, let's leave." He drew the 'e' out far longer than necessary. Jimin rolled his eyes, coming over to take a sip of their shared drink. "Ah, so you only want to play when you're winning?" He teasingly kissed Yoongi's cheek, laughing when the older grumbled and brought him in for a proper kiss."Yes, that's exactly what I'm saying." He stood up and brought Jimin into his lap, re-situating himself in his seat. "Let's go to your house and make out." "I knew you were using me for my body.""Of course. Looking at you in those ridiculous shoes just really gets me going."Jimin laughed so hard that water came out of his nose.XX"All full?" Taehyung put down the chopsticks he was using to feed Jungkook. Jungkook nodded his head, wrinkling his little nose at the remainder of noodles in his bowl. "M' full." Taehyung laughed, picking up the napkin next to his hand and wiping Jungkook's face. They had walked home after getting their hot chocolate and ordered takeout. It had been Hoseok's suggestion. Taehyung was against it because he knew Seokjin would kill him if he found out that he'd fed Jungkook such unhealthy food, but he was a sucker for Hoseok's puppy dog face. Hoseok put down his empty container, coming around the kitchen table to clean up Jungkook's bowl. "Did you enjoy your food Kookie?" He vigorously nodded his head. "Play?" His speech was a tad behind that of average four-year-olds, so everyone always tried to pitch in with helping to expand his vocabulary and encouraging him to use complete sentences. "It's 'Can we play?' Kookie," Taehyung gently corrected."Can we play?" Taehyung plucked Jungkook up from his high chair and blew a raspberry onto his cheek. "Good job Kookie monster!" He shifted the child onto his hip, turning to look at the kitchen clock. "Aw, it's almost your bedtime little bro.""We won't play?" Hoseok felt his heart break a bit. Poor Jungkook looked so genuinely disappointed. "How about we put extra toys in the bath so you can play in there?" He laughed as Jungkook's face lit up again, walking over to ruffle his hair. "How about we read two books tonight instead of one?"If Jungkook was happy before, now he was just downright joyous, his smile wide, and eyes round like saucers. Were he to have his way all the time, Taehyung and Hoseok would babysit him every time his parents went out."C'mon, let's get you into the bath." By the time he'd finished with his bath, he had played all of his energy out. He didn't even make it to half of Green Eggs And Ham. Taehyung laughed and picked up Jungkook's sleeping form from Hoseok's lap, being sure to avoid knocking him with the open book. Hoseok took a mental picture of the moment in his head to forever remember it. There was something about watching Taehyung be so tender with Jungkook that made his heart swell. He definitely wanted kids.Taehyung kissed Jungkook's forehead. "Night Jungkook."Hoseok put aside his book and arched his back in a stretch before standing to his full height. "I honestly feel like I could sleep for a decade.""You can get some sleep now.""Yeah," Hoseok made sure the door was closed before they left, "But I need to wait up for Jimin because he forgot his keys, and I also need to read a book for Language. I have an essay due in a week, which is why I should be the one to stay up waiting for Jimin." He knew that Taehyung would volunteer himself to stay awake, but he had work to do anyways, so Taehyung may as well rest. Taehyung guided them to the couch, pushing Hoseok down so he could curl up on his chest. "You're really self-less, you know that? Just remember that your needs matter too, okay honey?"Hoseok quietly ran his fingers through Taehyung's hair, watching as his breathing slowly began to even out. Taehyung had a point, whether he liked to admit it or not. He did have a tendency to put others' needs before himself. Instead of dwelling on it further, he slowly slid his phone out of his back pocket (being extremely mindful of Taehyung) and finally started reading the book that he should've read a month ago.When Jimin finally came back, it was nearly ten-thirty. Contrary to his assumption, he had remembered his keys, which Hoseok was personally grateful for. He was quite comfortable and didn't particularly feel like moving. He could see the two figures tip toeing in the now dark room. "Hey Yoongi, where ya heading buddy?""Um," Yoongi sputtered, "Right out the door.""That's what I thought. See you on Monday."And then Yoongi was gone, leaving Jimin to pout up the stairs. Seokjin would have been proud.It was another three hours before Namjoon and Seokjin came home, and Hoseok felt wrecked. He'd finished the book, written an introduction in his phone notes, picked up the living room, and checked on Jungkook. He took pride in his productivity. "Wow," said Namjoon as he walked through the door, arm wrapped around Jin, "This place looks great, even in the dark." Seokjin couldn't hold in his gasp of surprise, the room looked great. "We should hire you full time Hoseok, thank you so much! Really, we should pay you-"Hoseok immediately dismissed payment with a wave of his hand, "You can repay me by enjoying the rest of the night. I think I'm gonna hit the hay." He picked up Taehyung bridal style, and carried him upstairs."Well, you heard him. We have an entire night to enjoy." He lecherously wriggled his eyebrows, laughing at the glare Seokjin gave him. "You have a one track mind."Namjoon turned Seokjin towards himself, trailing hot kisses down the side of his neck, stopping over the pulse to suck a hickey. "One track that's always thinking about you.""Cheesy.""You love it.""I do, and I love you too, twat.""I'm just gonna take that as a victory."



Chapter End Notes
I keep doing Namjin teases, so sorry about that! I'm too tired to write lemon XD


Valentine's Day
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




"Dad, what are you doing?"Namjoon pushed away from the wall he was using to do a handstand. "Kookie refuses to eat unless he's laughing." He pointed across the kitchen to where Seokjin was hurrying to shove a spoonful of green looking vegetables into Jungkook's mouth. Taehyung blinked. "You guy's didn't want to do anything for Valentine's day? It's still early."Seokjin pushed the bowl away, sensing that was the only bit of food he would be getting into Jungkook at the moment. The boy would eat when he was hungry, he supposed. Jimin had gone through a similar phase when he was that age, and he'd gotten over it eventually. "We'll probably watch a movie and cuddle after Jungkook goes down for his nap.""That's all?"Namjoon walked over and slung his arm across Jin's shoulders, leaving a kiss on his forehead. "I can think of something else we can do," he said, wriggling his eyebrows suggestively. Seokjin pushed him away, "Joonie!"Taehyung laughed, his parents were the best. "Mind if I crash your plans? Jimin already left, and I don't have anything planned.""We wouldn't mind," Namjoon stood up and walked towards Taehyung, "But Hoseok would. Here." He handed over the pretty, metallic red envelope. "Have fun. Oh, and you should probably get dressed, you're gonna be out awhile."XXIt was way too cold to be walking around town all day. Taehyung really hoped that after the park, all of Hoseok's planned destinations would be inside. Where the sensible people were. Although, now that he was thinking about it, he wasn't a very sensible person himself. Far from the word, actually. He began to sing a song under his breath as he checked the benches in the park. He looked everywhere for the next envelope, literally everywhere. This was getting ridiculous, he was just ready to see Hoseok and curl up with him before engaging in sinful activities. Taehyung sighed and looked around the park for any benches he may have missed before he recognized two familiar figures. He tugged his jacket collar up a little further, taking on a brisk pace as he walked to their bench.It was at least a good two minutes before Jimin and Yoongi even noticed his presence, both being far too caught up in their make-out session. "Ahem," Taehyung loudly cleared his throat, "As much fun as watching you two play tonsil tennis is, do you know anything about Hoseok's search thing he has me on?"Jimin sheepishly fixed his hair, cheeks red and burning, "We were, um, supposed to tell you to go your secret place. Whatever that means." He used his fingers to make air quotations around 'secret place.' Yoongi didn't waste any time in pulling Jimin back down for more as soon as the younger said his piece. Taehyung huffed and continued his 'quest.'XXAnother two hours. An additional two, cold, grueling hours walking all over town trying to find Hoseok. When he saw him, Taehyung was going to choke him. Or at least, he thought he was going to, but then he reached the last destination in his travels and saw freaking Hoseok in a freaking suit holding a freaking bouquet of red roses in his own freaking back yard. He couldn't be mad anymore, he only wanted to cry. "What is all this?" he asked as he walked up, gesturing to the cheesy picnic already laid out for them. "Surprise! Happy Valentine's Day, baby!" Hoseok handed over the flowers. "I have a surprise, but it can wait until we're done eating. Here," he held out his hand to help Taehyung sit down on the spread blanket. Taehyung shifted to sitting criss crossed, halfheartedly shooting Hoseok a glare as he picked up a plate of lukewarm noodles. "I walked all over the place in the freezing cold today."Hoseok sheepishly rubbed the back of his head, "Was it worth it, at least?""I guess so, but I really missed you." He set down his noodles and scooted into Hoseok's lap. "I just wanna curl up and cuddle. Maybe kiss a bit. Make some cocoa." He let his sentence drift off, shifting so that he could press his pink nose into the juncture of Hoseok's neck. Hoseok wrapped his arms around him, gently playing with the hair at the nape of Taehyung's neck. "We can go inside, but first, want a chocolate bar?""Of course."Hoseok dug around in the basket until he felt his fingers brush over the smooth plastic of the chocolate. "Here." He handed over the candy and held his breath as Taehyung undid the wrapping."What the hell? There's something in here." He continued to tear open the wrapper, gasping when he was able to pull out a white, shiny piece of paper with a glinting, silver ring looped through the top corner with string. He looked up, "Seokie?""Aren't you gonna read it?"Taehyung set down the chocolate and turned the paper over in his hands. "Is this a train ticket?""I-Yeah. To Busan. I um, figured it wouldn't be smudged by the chocolate because of how cold it is. I wanted to take you out of country but I couldn't afford plane tickets plus the ring so-" Taehyung smashed their mouths together, hands coming up to lace in Hoseok's hair. "I don't deserve you." He could feel warm tears beginning to flow down his cheeks. Hoseok gently wiped them away with his thumbs and pressed their foreheads together. "You deserve the world."He untied the ring from the ticket and gently pulled the hand away that Taehyung was using to hide his face. "I know we're both really young and hormonal and shit," Taehyung let out a wet laugh, boosting Hoseok's confidence that much more, "But I love you. I love you. Every time you look at me with that smile, my world just lights up. The way you always say what's on your mind, no matter how crazy it is, whenever you do that thing where you scrunch your nose while laughing at something really funny, the way you bite your lip while focusing on important things, that brightly intense gaze you get while you talk about something you really love, I love it. I love you, and I can't imagine my life if I didn't have you in it. So, will you promise me forever?" He held out the ring uncertainly while he held his breath awaiting Taehyung's reaction.Taehyung burst out into full blown sobs, he didn't think he'd ever been more touched by something in his entire life. He pushed the ring onto his finger, pulling Hoseok in for a bone-crushing hug. "I love you too, even if you are cheesy." Hoseok laughed, gently rubbing circles into his back, "You seem to like it, cheesy enough to move you to tears.""Where's your ring?"Hoseok unwrapped his arms from around Taehyung and pulled out a necklace from under his shirt, "I put it on this necklace. It has your name engraved on the inside, so I wanted it to be close to my heart." Taehyung wanted to cry again, but he held off. "Seokie?""Yeah sweetheart?""Make love to me."



Chapter End Notes
I would like to stress that the rings mentioned were merely promise rings, not engagement ones. Sorry if you feel trolled, XD. In other news, I've been thinking of doing one prompt a week for this story before I wrap it up. We're nearing the end my friends, so send in your prompts before it's too late! :)


Grocery Store Shenanigans
Chapter Notes
Just a sucky little chapter to make up for my brief absence while I work on a chapter of actual substance. I would also like to thank my editor on Wattpad, -Jack-Frosty- for the prompt :)



Hoseok gently ran his thumb across Taehyung's cheek. He loved watching Taehyung sleep. He looked adorable all curled, hands fisted and curled under his chin, the sun peaking through the blinds, softly illuminating Taehyung in his sleep. Beautiful was the only word that Hoseok could think. Taehyung fidgeted a bit before lazily opening his eyes, "Hey baby.""Look who's up." Hoseok leaned forward to kiss his nose. He scooted over until he was hovering over Taehyung and settled his weight. "You're pretty while you sleep." Taehyung's cheeks took on a dusting of pink. "I'm hungry.""Way to kill the mood TaeTae. C'mon." He moved to roll off Taehyung, but the latter held fast to his sides. "I like you here," he murmured. "Cuddle with me just a little longer." He moved his arms up to the back of Hoseok's neck, bringing him down for a lazy kiss. "Actually I feel nauseous, get off of me."Hoseok laughed, untangling himself from his boyfriend and standing to his feet, using a hand to help Taehyung up. "Geez, I love you too." Taehyung scoffed, "I don't think you'd have appreciated it if I puked up my insides all over you, now carry me.""And I should carry you why?" Hoseok tried to be strong, but then Taehyung was pouting and he had to give a big, fat mental 'screw it.' "You know," he began as he walked down the stairs, Taehyung clinging to his back like a monkey, "If you feel sick, are you sure you should eat normal food?"Taehyung pressed his face against Hoseok's back, nuzzling into the soft material of his shirt, "I feel like I could eat a troop of kangaroos, and you know how much I love kangaroos." He gave out a little 'oomf' as Hoseok set him down in the kitchen. "A troop?" asked Hoseok."Yeah, it's what you call a group of kangaroos.""Man, I love it when you talk plurals to me." Hoseok pulled Taehyung into a tight hug. "I love you so much, random, but just know that I do." Taehyung sighed into Hoseok's shoulder. He loved moments like these- it wasn't often that they were completely alone and got to be as disgusting as they wanted. "I love you too, baby.""Do you still feel sick?"Taehyung peeled himself away, turning to sit at the table. "Yeah, but like, I'm so hungry." He laid his head down, "I want to eat so badly, but my stomach is so sore. I want to crawl back in bed and die.""Aw, I'm sorry sweetheart. I'll make you some toast, and then we can cuddle. Hopefully that'll help a bit." Hoseok rustled around the kitchen until he found the bread and toaster, and was able to locate the grape jelly after a three minute search for butter. Finishing up, he walked over with the plate, pulling up a chair (far closer than what was necessary, but he didn't care) and sliding the food in front of Taehyung. "Feed your face."He reluctantly picked up the toast an nibbled at the crust. Reasoning that he was stable enough to eat, he took a huge bite from the middle. "You eat toast weird," Hoseok mused."You're weird.""And are you supposed to be normal?"Taehyung held Hoseok's gaze for a minute, then shrugged in defeat. "Touche." He continued to silently eat his food, feeding occasional pieces to Hoseok. "Boys! Could you do me a favor?" yelled Seokjin as he barged into the kitchen, eyes wide and hair tousled. "Joonie's latest album just went platinum, and I really want to make him a cake and set up a little celebration. Could you run to the store for me and pick up some ingredients?""Of course." Hoseok's response was automatic; no thought was necessary. Seokjin had done so much for him over the years, even before he and Taehyung had become official. While his father wasn't there, Seokjin and Namjoon were, and he would do anything either of them asked of him. He turned, nuzzling Taehyung's cheek. "Feel up to coming baby?"Taehyung pulled Hoseok in for a quick kiss, "Yeah, I'm down.""Thank you so much! Here, I made a list." He crossed the kitchen and handed Hoseok the neatly folded paper, then ran off to frantically search for decorations.XXHoseok hated people who stared. Always had, always would. It boggled his mind how people could be so blatantly rude. This was ridiculous. All he had done was hold his boyfriend's hand while they shopped, and people were gawking like they were stains on freshly cleaned floors. It made his blood boil, but he held it in. Taehyung didn't seem to notice, and he didn't want him to feel as uncomfortable as he did."Are you okay? You seem tense." He looked at Hoseok with questioning eyes."I'm fine," Hoseok slung his arm across Taehyung's shoulders, effectively pulling him closer. "Actually.""Actually?""Dance with me.""Oh my god Hoseok, we're in the freaking grocery store, they're playing generic elevator music, I look ridiculous and feel gross, and don't think I haven't noticed our little audience.""Grocery stores have prime flooring for dancing, generic elevator music is my jam, you always look beautiful to me, even when you're only wearing my hoodie and pajama pants, and let them look." He pulled Taehyung into his arms, positioning his hands on his hips. "I think that this aisle really sets the mood, don't you?" He gracefully spun Taehyung in a circle, sending the both of them into a giggling fit."You're amazing," Taehyung gasped out through his laughter."Thanks, I try." He didn't waste any time bringing Taehyung into a sweet kiss. "I'm glad you're smiling.""I always smile when I'm with you.""Yet you call me cheesy."The even nastier looks they received, Hoseok decided, were worth it, especially when they were standing in line waiting for checkout, Taehyung leaning on his shoulder, and a little old woman standing behind them tapped him and complimented their 'beautiful' dance and told them how cute of a couple they were. The happy feeling blooming in both of their chests was exemplified when she went on to wish both of them many years of happiness together before turning to who Hoseok assumed was her husband to discuss the price of an item in their basket. He turned his attention back to Taehyung, "I love you.""I love you too, but I'd love you even more if you carried me."Hoseok didn't even put up a fight, only laughed and lightheartedly  crouched down so Taehyung could climb on his back. He was whipped, and loved every moment of it.



Moving Forward
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Hey! TaeTae! Can we talk?"Taehyung grunted as Jimin plopped on the couch. "Sure, but keep it down. Hoseok's sleeping, and he's had a really hard day." He ran his hand through Hoseok's slightly damp hair."Did something happen?" Jimin questioned as he gnawed on his bottom lip. He'd been trying to break the habit, but it was his anxiety go-to; it simply calmed him down."He had two major exams today back to back, his dance team is working on a routine to showcase where talent scouts could be present, he hasn't been eating well, he has another exam tomorrow, college application deadlines are coming up, and he's been searching for an apartment to move into after graduation."Jimin's eyes rounded into saucers. "Geez, he must eat stress for breakfast."Taehyung solemnly nodded his head in agreement. He used the hand that wasn't in Hoseok's hair to rub soothing circles into his bare back. "You wanted to talk about something?"Jimin looked down at his lap and fidgeted with his phone. He felt like he was on fire. "I think I want to have sex with Yoongi!"As soon as the words left his mouth, he covered his burning face with his hands. He'd been trying to bring up the topic for a few days, but always changed the subject last minute."So...what's the problem?"Jimin almost choked, "What do you mean 'What's the problem?' This is a big deal! I can't just go up to him and say 'Hey Yoongi, I want to jump your bones!' What if he isn't ready?"Taehyung laughed a little bit at Jimin's panicked expression. He got way too much entertainment from his brother's spazzing sessions. "I would hope that you wouldn't phrase it like that, but yeah, you should talk to him about it.""Is that what you guys did?""Um..." Taehyung trailed off as he thought back to the heated makeout session that had led to their first time when they were both sixteen. "Not exactly, it was more of an in the moment kind of thing, but he did ask consent."Jimin let his brother's words settle in his mind for a brief moment before continuing their conversation, "TaeTae, do you think you and Hoseok will always be together?"Taehyung smiled down at his boyfriend's peaceful face. "That's the plan." He bit his lip in thought before deciding to continue, "We've been looking at apartments to move into when we get back from our trip. If everything goes correctly, and our applications are accepted, we plan on going to the Korean University of the Arts." Taehyung beamed at his brother. He loved to talk about his future with Hoseok- it just made it seem that much more real."You guys are serious," Jimin said in a tone that Taehyung couldn't quite pinpoint."That's kinda how love works ChimChim." He stopped his ministrations on Hoseok's scalp and leaned back against the couch. "I'm sure you and Yoongi will be the same way."Jimin beamed over at his brother, "I hope so."XX"Are you sure you have to go back?" Taehyung questioned for the umpteenth since Hoseok verbalized his plans to go back home. They were cuddled up in Taehyung's bed, legs tangled, and hair messy. Hoseok smiled and nuzzled Taehyung's cheek, "My dad gets suspicious enough when I'm gone three days, it's already been a week baby."Taehyung sighed in defeat, solemnly wrapping his arms around Hoseok's waist, "I hate it when you have to go back, what if something happens? What if he hurts you?" He tightened his grip and buried his face in Hoseok's chest."TaeTae, I'll be fine, I always am, aren't I? Don't work yourself up, it'll only be for a bit longer, and then we can find an apartment, the school year is almost over."Hoseok always seemed to know what to say; sometimes it drove Taehyung up a tree. "I hate it when you make sense," he replied with a pout."That sucks, because I love you."Taehyung looked up at Hoseok through his lashes and smiled, "I love you too."No matter how many times Taehyung said the words, they always made Hoseok feel warm and fuzzy inside.XXHoseok hated his house. He hated everything about it, the walls, the floors, the ceilings, the plot of land it was settled on. All of it. He hated the way he had to sneak in- as if he were a criminal committing a felony. He hated how his father treated him, he hated how his mother idly stood by until she was forced to beg him for money to supply her drug addictions. It wasn't fair, but it was all the more motivation to do his best to get out.He adjusted his duffel bag he used when he stayed with Taehyung and slowly turned the doorknob, wincing at the loud squeak of the hinges as the door swung open.For years, he'd snuck into his house, and for years, he'd been terrible at it. Hoseok was just a naturally loud person; he couldn't help it. Slowly, he tiptoed to the staircase, being sure to gently close the front door behind him. Hoseok softly released a breath he didn't realize he was holding once he successfully made it without any mishaps.He took the steps two at a time in a mad dash to his bedroom, quietly closing and locking the door behind him. Hoseok let out a breath and sighed as he laid on his carpet floor. He hated this.  



Chapter End Notes
Just a quick little update to help get through my writer's block. If I ever go this long without an update again, please feel free to call me out, I need it XD


Chapter 18



Taehyung leaned back against the bathtub with the stick clenched in his hand. He wasn't an idiot, he could read the signs. The nausea, sensitivity, and his recent clinginess all made sense. He was pregnant."Taehyung! You've been in there for twenty minutes! I need to pee!"Taehyung jolted at Jimin's sudden banging on the door. He swiftly gathered the sticks resting on the sink, stuffed them into his pocket, and opened the door. "Sorry Minnie, I guess I lost track of time."Jimin was red in the face and hopping around on one foot. The last thing on his mind was his brother's apology. "Whatever, move!" He ran past Taehyung and slammed the door behind himself, sighing with sweet relief as he emptied his tank.XX"Open the fucking door before I break the god damned thing down!" Mr. Jung yelled as he pounded against the already worn wood of Hoseok's door. He was drunk. Very drunk.Hoseok pressed himself impossibly closer to the wall. His head felt like it was filled with cotton, he couldn't think. He didn't have a way out, he was trapped."What did I say you piece of shit! Open the fucking door!" Mr. Jung was relentless in his pounding before giving up and choosing to instead repeatedly ram his shoulder into it until the poor door swung off its hinges. "You're gonna get it now boy."Hoseok scrambled up and attempted to try and dart past, but even while drunk, his father moved quickly. In seconds, Hoseok had been tossed across the room into the wall."You fucking faggot." Mr. Jung crossed the room and pinned the trembling Hoseok to the floor. "Go. To. Hell." He accentuated each word with a punch to Hoseok's stomach."Get away from me!" Hoseok tried to push him away, but only angered his father more. Mr. Jung slapped Hoseok across the face, stood, and began to kick Hoseok wherever his feet could reach.That continued for another 30 minutes until his dad got bored, and Hoseok was swimming in and out of consciousness. Mr. Jung looked at his beaten son with disdain, spat on him, and left the room.XX"Taehyung! It's late, you have school tomorrow! Why on Earth are you still awake?" said Seokjin as he walked into the living room.Taehyung looked up and shrugged, "Do you ever get the feeling that something is really wrong?""Sometimes, but I try not let myself lose sleep over it.""I tried sleeping, but I just... Something isn't right."Seokjin walked closer to the couch and gently ran his hand through Taehyung's hair, "Well, at least try to get some rest, okay honey?""I will, thanks Appa." Taehyung gave a small smile as Seokjin left to go to bed.That lasted about an hour.Taehyung jumped up as soon as he heard the pounding at the door. He dropped the blanket he'd wrapped around himself like a cocoon and went to answer the door."Hoseok! Oh my God, Hoseok!" He dashed forward to take his boyfriend's beaten body into his arms. "Seokkie, what happened?" Taehyung helped usher Hoseok inside to the couch. "You're bruised everywhere!"Hoseok laid his head back against the couch and closed his eyes, sending Taehyung into panic mode. "Hoseok, no no, stay awake baby, I'm gonna get Appa." Taehyung left Hoseok on the couch and ran into his parents' room. "Dad! Appa! Get up!"Seokjin had always been a light sleeper, so he immediately bolted up, but Namjoon slept like the dead. Taehyung didn't even bother trying to get him up. "Taehyung? What's going on?"Taehyung could feel hot tears rolling down his cheeks, and sobs building in his chest. "Hoseok is really hurt." Seokjin immediately went into the living room to see what his son was talking about."Hoseok! Taehyung, go get my emergency bag!" Seokjin laid Hoseok out and stripped him down to his boxers."M' fine," Hoseok slurred in his dazed state, "Just a scratch."Seokjin pushed his bangs off his forehead, "Oh honey, this is a lot more than a scratch." He took the kit from Taehyung and set to work disinfecting Hoseok's cuts."Hoseokkie what happened?" Taehyung sat on the couch and took Hoseok's head into his lap, threading his fingers through his sweaty hair. "Oh baby."Seokjin put down his bandages and stood back to admire his handy work. "He's good for now, it'll take a few weeks for all the bruising and swelling to go down, it doesn't look like any ribs are broken, thank God." Taehyung wiped his cheeks, letting out a shaky breath. Hoseok was okay. He was going to be okay. "I'm gonna carry him to my room.""That's fine, I'll be up in an hour or so to check on him, in the mean time, Hoseok," Seokjin dug into his bag for a bottle of aspirin. "Take these okay?"Hoseok was too out of it to take the pills, so Taehyung took two and placed them in Hoseok's mouth."Try not to wake your brothers on the way up," with that, Seokjin set his timer, and leaned back against the couch for a quick powernap.Taehyung gently lifted Hoseok up bridal style, going slowly up the stairs and into his room. "You still with me sweetheart?" he asked as he laid Hoseok down on the bed."I'm here. I feel a little bit more coherent after that medicine."Taehyung pulled Hoseok under the covers and laid Hoseok's head on his chest, rubbing soothing circles into Hoseok's side. "Your dad did this.""Yeah.""I'm not letting you go back there," Taehyung said firmly, determination shining in his eyes. Hoseok sighed, "Taehyung, love, I'm fine. I can handle myself.""No!" Taehyung tried to keep his voice down, but he wasn't sure if his efforts were working, "It's not fine! Look at you! You could've died there if you hadn't gotten out!""But I got out, didn't I?""Seokkie, that's not the point and you know it. I don't want-" Taehyung cut himself off with a deep breath. "I don't want to have to find out somewhere that you're dead Hoseok." Tears coursed down his cheeks, "You can't leave me like that! You can't leave us like that!”"Us?""I'm pregnant, Hoseok."



Growing Pains
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Hoseok pulled away from Taehyung's chest, shock coursing throughout his entire body. "You said what?"Taehyung steeled himself with a breath. "I'm pregnant." He turned to search Hoseok's face for an expression, anxiety having a playground in his stomach. "At least say something. Please?""Wow.""That's it? Just 'wow'?"Hoseok had always loved kids. He'd babysat for his neighbors in middle school, had always been good with his younger cousins during family reunions, and he definitely knew that he wanted some of his own. Maybe he hadn't planned for them to be so soon, but apparently life had different plans. "Well, I'm definitely excited. Worried, of course, but..." Hoseok paused to run a hand through Taehyung's hair, "Still excited. I love you to the moon and back, and I'll love our child with all my fucking heart."The words helped ease Taehyung's conscience, but he still felt anxiety racing through his body. "I'm happy then, but what are we gonna do? Babies are expensive, and then there's my parents and- Oh God, my parents! They'd be so disappointed!""Shhh, shhh," Hoseok gently nudged Taehyung onto his side, determined to be the big spoon for a while, "Don't worry about that now, we'll figure it out. Stress is bad for the baby."Taehyung smiled, leave it to Hoseok to forsake his own injuries to worry about someone else. "I'm scared.""Me too. But we'll take this one step at a time."Taehyung didn't respond. He simply pulled his legs to his chest, repeating the mantra in his head. 'One step at a time.'XX"Dude, you're disgusting," said Jimin.They were all at the lunch table and Yoongi had decided to experiment with the food on his tray. His spaghetti was a weird concoction of milk, pasta, grapes, mystery meat, old pudding, and topped off with broken bits of an oatmeal rain cookie. Taehyung wanted to vomit.Yoongi laughed, staring at his invention with pride. "Gentleman. I present to you my latest dish: When the fire nation attacked." Jimin laughed so hard that milk came out his nose."I can't take this." Taehyung scrambled from his seat and made a mad dash for the bathroom.Jimin blinked, looking to Hoseok for an explanation. "Was it something we said?""Nothing I can tell you about. I'm gonna go check on him."True to his word, Hoseok rushedly took care of their trays and hurried to the bathroom where Taehyung was puking into the first stall. Wordlessly he got some paper towels and came behind Taehyung to rub his back while he finished."This sucks," Taehyung said as he flushed the toilet, standing to go to the sink to wash out his mouth. Hoseok handed him the paper towels. "It'll get better."Taehyung turned around to press his face into Hoseok's neck. "He's gonna be a feisty one. We'd better watch out.""He? That's a bold prediction.""Well boys run in my family...and yours."Hoseok felt a pang in his chest. "Yeah."XX"There's no way we're letting you go back there." Seokjin eyed Hoseok, daring him to disagree."I have to! My dad will send the police out for me! They've always turned a blind eye to me!""Let them come, they'll have to go through me." Namjoon said with a nod of his head. He was going to stand firm in their decision. Hoseok was practically part of the family, having known their sons since kindergarten. There was no way either he or Seokjin would let Hoseok go back."Honey, we don't think you quite understand the severity of this situation. If you keep going back, moving out soon or not, you could be crippled, badly injured, or even killed. We can't let you go back to that." Seokjin reached out a hand to rest gently on Hoseok's. "You're part of this family too."Hoseok sighed as his resolve snapped. "What about my things.""Are you still planning on moving into that apartment at the end of the school year?"Hoseok nodded."Then we'll get them then. There's only another month. As for clothes, you and Taehyung share anyways, so it should be fine." Namjoon switched his attention to Taehyung. "Have you told him?""I got accepted into Busan's University for the Arts." Taehyung looked up at Hoseok through his lashes holding his breath."Well then, I think you'll be glad to know that I got a full scholarship to any college of my choosing so long as it's in the country." Hoseok licked his lips. "Of course we'll have to find a new apartment to rent, but that shouldn't-"Taehyung cut him off with a kiss. "Why didn't you tell me! I have an excuse, I just found out yesterday."Hoseok smiled sheepishly. "I wanted to surprise you while we're on our trip."Seokjin smiled as he watched the exchange. Hoseok and Taehyung reminded him of himself and Namjoon during their earlier years. But of course, the moment had to be arubtly cut off."Appa!" screamed Jimin, "Jungkookie pooped in the bathtub again!"Namjoon shared a look with Seokjin. "Backup?""Backup."Taehyung watched as his parents hurried out the kitchen. "That's gonna be us someday.""I can't wait," Hoseok said dopily. Taehyung could tell that he meant it.XX"So this is it, huh?""Yep."Taehyung rubbed circles into Hoseok's back. "I think we would've gotten along.""He would've loved you. He loved everyone.""Are you ever gonna tell me..." Taehyung trailed off, letting his question hang in the wind.Hoseok untucked his other hand from his coat pocket and placed the bouquet of flowers with both hands in front of the grave. "We were playing with each other at a park by a frozen lake. I was five, he was eleven. Dad told us not to get on the ice, but of course I did.""He saved you.""Dad was never the same. Anyways, sometimes I like to come out here to talk to him. I wonder if he forgives me, you know?"Taehyung intertwined their fingers, "Baby, I don't think he was ever mad in the first place.""Thanks.""How about we stop by a café and share a cinnamon roll?"Hoseok brushed their lips together, pausing to press his forehead against Taehyung's. "I'd like that."Hoseok would forever swear that he felt an icy cold 'I love you' whispered in his ear that day.They still had a lot to figure out, but Hoseok knew they'd be okay. It was all part of growing up.   



Chapter End Notes
We did it friends! I'm not dead! AND I FINISHED MY FIRST MAJOR FANFIC!!!! All that's left is the epilogue, and that's been done for like a year XD THANK YOU FOR STICKING WITH MY INCONSISTENT ASS.


Epilogue
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




"Daddy! Daddy!" BamBam screamed at the top of his lungs. "Wake up! We have to go visit Papa Jin and Papa Joon today!" He bounced up and down on Hoseok's chest. "BamBam, be quieter baby, Appa was up really late last night. You don't want to wake him do you?"BamBam's little eyes widened as he stared in Taehyung's direction. "Did  Baekhyun keep him awake again?" Upon seeing Hoseok's nod, he crawled closer to Taehyung and stared down at his slightly rounded belly. "Baekhyun, you should be stiller so Appa can sleep and not throw up." It took everything Hoseok had to refrain from "awing" at his son."Come on buddy, let's get breakfast." Hoseok was going to stand to collect his son, but he was interrupted by a sleepy Taehyung. "Don't leave, you're warm." Taehyung wrapped BamBam up in a hug. "How's my Kunpimook today?"Hoseok had done everything in his power in order to convince his husband not to name their son "Kunpimook," but it had been to no avail. Once Taehyung's mind was made up, that was that, there was no changing it."I'm happy! But I want to go to Papa's!" BamBam tried to pout, but he was enjoying the hug too much. He had always been a cuddler. Taehyung released his son and gently smoothed his naturally unruly hair - that was definitely from Hoseok's side."We can't go this early sweetheart, we have to wait until later for that, but I know what we can do before it's time to go."BamBam stared at his Appa in anticipation. "What?"Taehyung laughed, "Want to go to the park?"BamBam immediately wriggled off the bed and ran to the door. He loved the park. "Daddy, Appa, come on!" He then ran into the kitchen where he attempted to climb into his chair.Taehyung turned to Hoseok and ran a hand down his chest. "Good morning.""Good morning."Hoseok pushed Taehyung's hair back from his face. "Is Baekhyun behaving now?""No. But when is he ever?"Hoseok laughed and gave Taehyung a gentle hug. He loved Baekhyun, but just wished the child would be a little nicer to his husband. Never had sickness been as severe as it was with Taehyung. He couldn't eat anything without it coming right back up. It worried Hoseok, to say the least."I'm sorry, I know it's hard on you." Hoseok carded a hand through Taehyung's hair."It's okay, they're worth it," said Taehyung with a fond look in BamBam's previous direction."Should we get up before he finds a way to destroy the kitchen?"Taehyung sighed and swung his legs out of the bed. "Definitely." Hoseok followed suit and left the warm cocoon of blankets and threw on a t-shirt. No matter how cold it got, he refused to wear shirts to bed.He scratched the back of his head and gave a yawn as he entered the kitchen. Taehyung started the coffee maker while Hoseok helped BamBam to properly sit in his seat. "I want to head over early and help dad set everything up for the party, think you can handle BamBam at the park?""Of course." Hoseok gave BamBam a high five. "Hear that buddy? It's just you and me today.""Yay!" Taehyung set down BamBam's bowl of Cheerios. "Excited baby?""Yeah!" BamBam shoved a handful of the dry cereal into his mouth happily. Cheerios were his favorite. Taehyung smiled and ruffled his hair. He was happy Hoseok could spend some extra alone time with BamBam. Hoseok had been swamped with work lately. His dreams of becoming a famous, renowned dancer had finally come true, but the job was time consuming and required a lot of travel. Taehyung was happy that they would be able to hang out together."What time are Yoongi and Jimin getting there," asked Taehyung as he stood to pour himself a cup of coffee. "I really don't want a repeat of last year, Jungkookie was so disappointed."The previous year, Yoongi and Jimin had forgotten about the party. As a result, both had scheduled important meetings and were out of country. They had Skyped Jungkook from their hotel room when their respective meetings were over, but the boy had still been heartbroken.Hoseok stood to get a glass of orange juice. "I made sure they knew. Every single day for the entire month, I've called Yoongi and screamed about the party. On the days he didn't pick up, I spammed his phone with pictures of spiders." He took an amused sip of his juice and laughed. He didn't disclose that each of his calls had been made at 4 A.M."Well, you certainly know how to get a point across." Taehyung walked over to kiss his husband. "In your own evil way."Hoseok wiggled his eyebrows, "You love it.""Or maybe I tolerate it because I love you.""I'm cool either way, I still get loved in both scenarios."Taehyung was about to laugh, but his stomach took a hard lurch. He slammed his coffee cup on the kitchen counter and made a desperate dash for the bathroom. BamBam looked up from his bowl, "Is Appa sick again?""I'm afraid so baby." Hoseok collected his son's empty bowl. "Are you finished?" BamBam nodded his head. Hoseok took the bowl to the sink and began to wash it."Daddy?""Hm?" Hoseok wiped his hands on his flannel pajama pants. "Is something wrong?""Can we help Appa get better?""Aw, you want to help Appa feel better?" BamBam nodded his head. "You should give him lots of kisses and hugs, like this." Hoseok walked over to pick up BamBam and cuddle him tightly into his chest. He peppered the child's face in kisses. BamBam giggled and tried to squirm out of Hoseok's grasp. Hoseok took them into the living room and dropped BamBam on the couch. "Wait here, I'm gonna go check on Appa."BamBam didn't move, simply began to play with his favorite, red, toy car that he'd left on the couch cushion. Hoseok grabbed a Sprite from the kitchen and entered the bedroom. "TaeTae, you in here honey?" Taehyung groaned from the bathroom. Hoseok set down the Sprite on their nightstand and opened the bathroom door. Taehyung was bent over the toilet, skin pale and clammy."Is it really bad this morning?"Taehyung weakly nodded his head. "I think Baekhyun is extra angry today."Hoseok walked behind Taehyung, wrapped his arms around him, and placed soft kisses across his back. "You don't want to lay back down?""I do, but if I lay down, I'm not getting back up. I'll be fine.""Stubborn man." Hoseok sighed and helped Taehyung stand up. "I'm gonna go get BamBam dressed.""Okay." Taehyung turned to brush his teeth, as Hoseok walked back into the living room. "Ready to get ready for the day?" He stepped closer to tickle the bottom of BamBam's feet. "We're gonna have so much fun.""Yeah!" BamBam held out his arms to be picked up. Hoseok obliged, cuddling the child into his chest. "I love you Daddy."Hoseok kissed the top of his head, "I love you too sweetheart. Let's go get you dressed." He carried BamBam up the stairs and set him down on his bed. "What will it be today buddy?" Hoseok gestured to the closet."Overalls!""Which shirt do you want wear with them?""Green.""Just like your Appa." Hoseok laughed. "He likes bright colors.""Appa likes green too?""Of course, he wore a green suit to our wedding." Hoseok put the chosen shirt on BamBam. "What shoes do you want to wear," he asked as he tugged on BamBam's overalls."Spidermans. The ones with the red laces.""Yep, you are definitely your Appa's son." He kissed BamBam's head. "Want to put them on yourself today?" BamBam spoke with action, immediately taking the left shoe from his father and placing it on his right foot, then attempting to put his right shoe on the left. It wasn't very successful."Daddy, it didn't work." He stuck out his bottom lip in a pout. He wanted to impress his dad, like a big boy. BamBam could feel hot tears beginning to surface in his eyes. Hoseok cooed, squatting down to BamBam's level. "It's okay sweetheart, we can fix it." He switched the shoes and wiped his son's eyes, bright smile never leaving his face. BamBam had always been a little bit slower to catch onto things, but both Taehyung and Hoseok tried not to focus too much on it. Children simply developed at their own pace."All fixed, yeah?"BamBam's eyes sparkled. "Yeah!""Let's go meet Appa then, yeah?" "Hugs."Hoseok obliged, scooping up his tiny son and throwing him in the air. "Who do I love?""Me!" BamBam giggled. Hoseok couldn't resist booping him on the nose. "Let's go then."So they got themselves together and went to the park, and after that to the party where Hoseok was more than delighted to find that Jimin brought the baby. It was a good day, and Hoseok couldn't wait for more to come.



Chapter End Notes
Well friends, it's been a long time coming, but now it's complete!!! I plan on turning this into a series, but for now we're at the end of a long, LONG road XD. I hope that you've enjoyed my crappy story and will join me in my other works in the future! Thank you all who read! Merry Christmas!Any questions can be left in the comments, and I will get to them as soon as I can!If you'd like to connect, you can find me on Kakao @ nerdrockSnapchat @ jadewashere911Instagram @ jadetheblackparaderI'm also looking into starting a Kakao group chat of nice people because I need friends and the socializations XDMERRY CHRISTMAS 



Afterword


End Notes
Thank you to all who support this story, you are all appreciated ! <3 (Prompts are accepted)


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



