



He Will Be Loved - orphan_account - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

He Will Be Loved
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/8368168.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jung Hoseok | J-Hope/Min Yoongi | Suga, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope/Kim Taehyung | V, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster/Kim Seokjin | Jin, Jeon Jungkook/Kim Taehyung | V
Character:
Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Min Yoongi | Suga, Kim Taehyung | V, Kim Seokjin | Jin, Jeon Jungkook, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster
Additional Tags:
Fluff, Smut, Love Triangle, Unrequited Love, bangtan sonyeondan - Freeform, bts - Freeform, sobi, Yoonseok - Freeform, JHope and Yoongi, JHope and V, vhope - Freeform, Sex, Eventual Sex, sex with story, sex with plot, hardcore fluff but also hardcore smut later on, Sope, taekook
Stats:

        Published: 2016-10-24
          Completed: 2016-11-06
          Chapters: 7/7
        Words: 27224
      

He Will Be Loved
by orphan_account
Summary
Producer/composer Yoongi & dancer/rapper Hoseok have been bestfriends for years. Together, they made it in music and in life. Yoongi has always been in love with Hoseok but Hobi has always belonged to someone else. Until now, that is.*Bonus Chapter 8 which is mildly PWP will be up as a follow-up fic in this series soon :)
Notes

          See the end of the work for  notes





Fire




Chapter 1
  Beauty queen of only 18 She had some trouble with herself. He was always there to help her, she always belonged to someone else. Hoseok and Yoongi are sitting on the couch. Yoongi has his head leaning against the sofa’s arm, propped up on a pillow. His legs are on Hoseok’s lap and Hobi cradles a bowl of popcorn, balancing it precariously on top of Yoongi’s knees. They’re watching a Korean drama in the background. It’s Friday night. Another one of their riveting adventures spent doing nothing.The wall clock behind them says that it’s a couple of minutes past 11:30 in the evening. Their faces are illuminated in the bluish glare of the television.    Yoongi lets out a yawn.    “Bored?” Hoseok asks.    Yoongi shakes his head. “Just sleepy.”    “Same.”    Hoseok moves Yoongi’s legs so he can lean over to put the bowl down on the coffee table. Yoongi watches with his lids half-open as the light catches on Hoseok’s red hair, illuminating his brown eyes, the bow of his lips.  Bultaoreune, he thinks.He feels a little pang inside as Hoseok licks the butter from the popcorn on his hands before reaching over to lift Yoongi’s legs again, replacing them on his lap as he sits back down.    Yoongi feels a small burning sensation in the pit of his stomach, like someone has made him swallow one of the orchids that he was fond of growing in the garden and then set it on fire: painful, consuming like the stirrings of hunger. Hoseok stretches, takes a deep breath and lets his body relax against the plush seat. Yoongi tries not to stare. On screen, the lead actors kiss and the music swells.    “Gah this show is so cheesy.” Yoongi says, looking away.“Oh yeah? What channel do you want?” Hoseok gestures with the remote.    Yoongi smiles. “Whatever.”He is used to it, though--the intense bouts of fire that he has to keep in, that is. It’s okay. He’s lived with it for almost seven years and he’s pretty sure he can go seven more.Hoseok turns off the TV. “Okay, then. Do you want another beer?”Yoongi looks at his watch. “It’s almost 12. I have a meeting tomorrow.”“Ahhhh, come on, grandpa. The night is young!”Yoongi casts him a sideway glance. “You’re acting weird.”“You’re imagining things.”    “What time is Taehyung picking you up?” Yoongi does as he’s practiced when he says this: makes sure that his lips don’t curl into a frown or that his eyebrows don’t knit together. It’s gotten easier with time but the sting of Hoseok moving in with Taehyung after they’d gotten enough money to move out of the company’s dorms was something he never really got to recover from. Somehow he’d always thought that it would be  them  living together.    When Hobi doesn’t answer, Yoongi reaches over to hit him on the arm. “Did you fall asleep?”    Hoseok waves a hand dismissively.      Yoongi raises an eyebrow.“Hey.” Yoongi pulls his legs off of Hoseok’s lap, sits up.It’s only now that Yoongi notices that the shine in Hobi’s eyes isn’t just from the TV’s glow. He curses inwardly for being so in love he forgot to actually  look at his best friend.Hoseok shakes his head, his lips curving into a little inverted u-shape--Yoongi’s least favorite thing to see in the world.  No, no, no, no, no. When Hobi opens his mouth, he makes a little noise in the back of his throat and Yoongi can tell he’s trying not to cry; Yoongi wants to know so badly, wants to wrestle the pain out of him but he knows better than to push.    “Wow, I guess you really found that drama that touching.”    Hoseok breaks into a small grin but his eyes stay sad and when he finds his voice, tries to pass a  sniffle off as a cough. Yoongi lets him.    “We broke up.” He reaches for the remote, turns the TV back on.    On screen, the lead actor is chasing after his love interest, catches her by the wrist.    Yoongi feels the fire burn through his restraint-- maybe it’s the beer  is the last thing he thinks because soon the flame is fanned into a blaze and it climbs up his chest and into his hands: before he knows it, he’s closed the gap between them, cupped a pale hand around Hoseok’s cheek and pressed their lips together. The motion is both swift and slow: sudden and gentle, like a dance move he’s practiced for years because it is, he has--at least in his mind.    He feels the shock jolt through Hoseok’s body. Yoongi smiles to himself. Always so easy to catch off-guard, he thinks. And then the tables turn and  he  is surprised because before he knows it,  he  is the one being kissed.Yoongi finds himself suddenly out of control, somehow losing the reigns as Hoseok eases into the kiss, taking a deep breath and pulling Yoongi closer, bringing a hand to his nape. Yoongi lets out a small gasp as Hobi begins to lick, tracing from the bottom up, lingering where the soft flesh of Yoongi’s inner lip begins--a question. He opens his mouth in reply and Hoseok slips his tongue into Yoongi’s mouth. Something inside him collapses; he’d imagined this moment so many times over and over and now that it was here it felt too hot for him to hold: it was golden, illuminated, tasted like butter, soft and fierce.Yoongi felt Hoseok push off of the floor in a single controlled motion, felt himself fall backward onto the couch softly, his favorite pillow breaking his fall.  It was all that damn dancing . He lets his hands explore: untucks the green shirt from dark jeans, roams the terrain of skin and muscle with his palms. He can feel Hobi’s pulse quickening. Hoseok comes up for air briefly to move his lips toward the lobe of Yoongi’s ear, licking the lobe in slow, soft circles. Yoongi’s hands find their ways to Hoseok’s hips, pulling, asking with his body--too caught in the moment to make a secret of his want. He opens his eyes briefly, sees the curve of Hoseok’s shoulder, the gap between his neck and collarbone where the shirt has come loose. He sees the way Hobi’s body curls and uncurls as he moves above him, pressing his thigh in between Yoongi’s legs, moving Yoongi’s own leg against his mounting desire: asking, telling, begging, commanding.Yoongi wonders if he is being selfish for wanting to look in Hoseok’s eyes. Instead, he shuts his eyes and gives in--Hobi has somehow unbuttoned Yoongi’s shirt, is kissing above and around his nipple, while his hand traces small, gentle circles around the waist his jeans. Yoongi hears his own breathing, is surprised at how desperate and quick it sounds. He ends his exploration of Hoseok’s back by pulling the rest of the shirt out and putting his hands on his belt buckle, undoing it with a pull of leather and click of metal and tossing it onto the floor.At that, Hoseok pauses, looks down at Yoongi. He brushes some of Yoongi’s dark hair away from his eyes gently. His forehead is slick with sweat.“What are you looking at?” Yoongi is surprised at how rough his voice sounds.“You’re beautiful.”“Do you have a concussion?”“You’re blushing. Are you okay?”“I’m not a baby.”Hoseok grins, lowers himself back down this time reaching a hand back to undo the button on Yoongi’s pants. “Not even mine?”“Fuck y--” Yoongi’s breath catches in this throat as Hoseok’s hand slides under the waist band of his underwear and  down the concave hollow of his pelvis before slipping back out to ever-so-lightly rub his hand against the fabric.“Are you okay?” Hoseok asks again, whispering into Yoongi’s ear.There is a shift in the light.Yoongi stiffens, loosens his hold on Hoseok’s waist.“Where do you think you--”“Shhh.” He holds a finger to Hoseok’s lips. The sound is faint but Yoongi would recognize it anywhere--Taehyung’s motorcycle rounding the corner. He has heard it every Friday since he’s lived here. He can see it in his mind’s eye: it’s a silver Harley with a powder blue body--Hoseok had thrown the damn bike a party when Tae bought it. Yoongi had brought the ice.Now, Hoseok hears it too. The playfulness is wiped off of his face like a train ramming into a bouquet of flowers left on the railroad tracks. Already he is about to sit up, letting go of Yoongi, apologizing for  this . Goodbye, Jung Hoseok.  Yoongi is thinking.  I love you. He pushes Hoseok off him, tosses him his belt. He can imagine Kim Taehyung standing outside the door, shoulders wide as mountains, a force of nature with his signature leather jacket and deep-set eyes.“Yoongi, I--”Yoongi makes a beeline for the stairs but pauses on the third step, his figure shadowy except for the sliver of an ivory cheek illuminated by the hall light.“Tuck your shirt in. You look like a delinquent. And lock the door. If someone comes in here and steals my recording equipment, I’ll kill you.”The doorbell rings. Hoseok does his best. He tucks his shirt in, does his belt up, fixes the couch, smoothes his hair. The doorbell rings again. He looks at it like he is waiting for it to open of its own accord. It rings again.Upstairs, Yoongi slams a door.    Hoseok takes a deep breath, turns the knob.    Taehyung is standing, illuminated in the yellow porch light. His broad shoulders slump against the door frame.    “What are you doing here?”    “I always pick you up.” He lifts a hand to Hoseok’s cheek, brushes a thumb gently against the mole above his lip.    Hoseok pulls away. “That was before.”    Taehyung lets out a sigh. “Hey, come on. Stop this. You’re being ridiculous.”    “Oh, am I?”    “We’ve been together for  four years. That isn’t just something that you throw away.”    “I know that. Did you know that before you went on tour and--did what you did?” Hoseok closes his eyes, the tears coming unbidden.    Taehyung is shaking now, his words coming out soft like rain. “It was a mistake. I was drunk, I was lonely. It was  you  I wanted. I was thinking of you when--”    Hoseok locks the door, shuts it, and pushes Taehyung off the porch, out into the street.    “Let’s talk somewhere else. Yoongi has an early meeting tomorrow.”    Taehyung smirks, looks up at the second floor where none of the rooms have a light on.    “Oh, does Yoongi know?” Taehyung kicks at a stone on the sidewalk. “I bet he does because you guys tell each other everything but seriously, the last thing I need at the moment is a sermon.”    Hoseok looks up at the dark house. Tears are streaming down his face now, his eyes stinging from his contact lenses trying to peel themselves off of his eyes.“No, Yoongi doesn’t know. Why would I tell him? I don’t want him to pity me, to think that I fucked things up, that I wasn’t enough. I don’t want him to think I’m weak--”Hoseok is silenced by Taehyung’s arms coming around him from behind. Now he realizes that Taehyung is crying too, he can feel the tears against his hair, his nape.“Don’t you ever let me hear you say that. You are more than enough. You’re not weak, you didn’t fuck things up. It was all on me. And I know I have no right to ask you to forgive me, no right to beg, but I love you Jung Hoseok. And that’s why I’m here. I won’t survive if you leave me. Or I will but it will mean nothing. I don’t care how long I have to make it up to you, don’t you see that? I will try and try and try again until you look at me and see the man you fell in love with.”The moonlight turns everything silver.Hoseok touches Taehyung’s wrist, disentangling himself to face him and hold him in a long, deep embrace. After, he looks up at Taehyung’s tear-streaked face and untucks his own shirt, reaches up and uses the hem to wipe his face. He brushes the hair from Taehyung’s eyes and smiles.“There he is.” In the second window to the left, Yoongi closes the little gap he’s made in the blinds. I should get some rest, he thinks, and turns on his laptop.



Ice
Chapter Summary
The plot thickens.
Chapter Notes
Chapter 3 soon in which there is more development both plot and character-wise. Also. New reveals, those kinds of thangs.




Chapter 2 
  Tap on my window, knock on my door. I want to make you feel beautiful. I know I tend to get so insecure But it doesn’t matter anymore.
 
Yoongi walks into the meeting more awake than he--or anyone else at the company--expected. Yoongi is not a morning person but today is an exception because his problem is waking up and he is not waking up because you can’t wake up if you were never asleep.Last night was very productive, he thinks to himself as he gets into the elevator. Five demos, two samplers, and a couple of other rough recordings. He catches a glimpse of his reflection in the full-length mirror: dark hair floppy over his eyes, black shirt, black jeans, black Converse. He smiles at himself and it looks garish against his eyebags.Wonderful, he thinks to himself.  I look exactly like I feel. He arrives at the boardroom exactly two minutes before the meeting is set to start. He grins at the sight of a tall man with pastel pink hair already at the small snack station, stuffing his face with donuts.“Boo!”Kim Seokjin, accounts manager, almost drops the cup of coffee he’s stirring cream and sugar into.“Y-Yoongi?” His jaw drops further.“Surprise, surprise.”“Why are you here early? And...awake? Talking! Walking!” Seokjin stuffs a donut into his mouth.“Pig.”"Sorry. Nervous habit.”Yoongi grabs a donut for himself as well and shrugs, gestures to his laptop. “I was inspired.”“Good,” Seokjin dusts confectionery sugar off of his hands and goes into business mode.“Because we’ve got a lot of work to do today. Not sure if you’ve heard but a few of the other producers are taking time off as a reward for making really high sales last year. So. We’re left to pick up the slack.”“Perfect. They can take all the time they want. Maybe they’d like to extend their vacation. I look forward to being very, very, very busy.” He smiles, showing Seokjin his gums. “Very, very, very, very, very busy.”Seokjin swallows and instinctively reaches for another donut. “Just...don’t do that. It scares me when you do that.”“Good morning, good morning, you beautiful man!” A deep voice calls from the back of the room. They look back to see their pal Kim Namjoon, newly made head A&R for the Hip Hop/R&B division as he walks into the room. He stops short. “Yoongi?”Seokjin turns the color of his hair.Yoongi rolls his eyes. “Yeah, yeah. Get over it. I’m here. I’m awake. Let’s work.” Hoseok wakes up feeling like he was run over by a dump truck. His head hurts and his eyelids are heavy from all the crying. His body is aching, aching like it hasn’t since the days when dancing 12 hours everyday wasn’t routine to him yet and he can’t understand why. He was used to riding on Tae’s bike and when they’d gotten home they’d just both climbed into bed and fallen asleep, exhausted.Sunlight filters in through the curtains and while they chose this apartment precisely for the beautiful lighting, today he wishes that he lived in cupboard with no windows. There’s noise coming in from the kitchen and his finds himself annoyed at the clanging of the pots, the banging of the cupboards.“Oy, what’s happening out there?” He calls out, pulling a pillow over his head.He hears the door open, and the answer that he gets is Taehyung, still dressed in his blue pajamas with a tray containing two plates of pancakes with whipped butter and maple syrup, a small side of bacon, and two cups of black coffee. On the tray is a single purple carnation.“Goodmorning.”“Do we still have a kitchen?” Hoseok tries to tease but can’t resist grinning, the smell of butter and syrup filling the air.Taehyung sets the tray out on the bed before climbing on himself.“Before we begin this beautiful meal, I must confess that all I did was reheat this and I found it difficult. Seokjin cooked everything and I paid him to have it here by 6:00 am.”Hoseok laughs. “I should’ve known. Also, I hope you didn’t pay him too much.”He reaches over, takes a bite from the pancakes. Buttermilk dusted with confectioners sugar: definitely a Seokjin recipe.Taehyung takes the flower, wiggles it under Hoseok’s nose. “Smell.”Hoseok sneezes. “You know these don’t have a scent, right?”“Don’t all flowers have scents?”“No.” Hoseok laughs, ruffling Taehyung’s hair. He looks really good blonde, he thinks, like honey and sunrises and laughing with old friends. The name drops in his mind like a stone into a well: Min Yoo--He drops his fork. The butter pools on the blanket.Taehyung picks it up, takes a piece of bacon and feeds it to him. He scoots closer, kisses Hoseok on the mouth, long, and deep.“Delicious.”Hoseok grins and leans against Taehyung so that his back leans against the other’s chest. The meal is a pleasant one but he hopes that Taehyung doesn’t try anything more. This is fine for now--this is all that he’s ready for, for now. Hoseok enjoys the taste of sweet with salty, the bitterness of the coffee tying everything together.“Thank you, Taetae.”“No, no. Thank you,” Taehyung says. “For giving me another chance. You won’t be sorry I promise.Hoseok smiles and kisses Taehyung on the cheek. “Please wash the dishes.”Taehyung laughs. Hoseok loves that sound: deep and warm and welcoming. “It’s more fun to eat if you don’t.”“Sadly, we can’t pay Seokjin to do that.”Taehyung loops a strand of Hoseok’s hair around his finger. He pulls Hoseok closer so that his lips are brushing against his nape.“I’m very glad he isn’t here, though.”Hoseok stares at the remnants of their meal. “Why? Even I don’t want to clean this up--”Taehyung starts kissing the curve behind his ear, closing his arms in on Hoseok.“Tae--”Hoseok can feel himself surrendering to the familiar rhythms of their love-making, already moving against Taehyung’s little kisses that move from his ear to his neck to the space between his clavicle and his shoulders. He feels Taehyung’s hand as it undoes a button on Hoseok’s pajama top, using a hand to gently peel away at his sleeve.“I want you, Hobi,” he whispers. “I’ve missed you so much.”Hoseok feels his heartstrings tug at the use of his nickname. They haven’t made love since before Taehyung left to go on tour. Instinctively, Hobi raises an arm to loop around the back of Taehyung’s head, to press his mouth closer. Taehyung sucks, leaving a bruise, a blood blossom. Hoseok glances down, sees his clothes from the night before on the floor: green shirt, black jeans, belt. Min Yoongi and his orchids. He closes his eyes, wills himself not to think about it.Taehyung reaches a hand around his waist to palm at Hoseok’s growing erection whilst pulling him closer, against his own hardening cock that Hobi can feel pressing against the small of his back. He lets out an involuntary moan, finds his hands in Taehyung’s hair. He lets his eyes flutter open and is caught in all the blonde, the light, the flax so unlike--his stomach lurches at the memory of last night: Yoongi’s dark hair plastered against his pale forehead, the pink blush across his cheeks, the way that he’d felt against Hoseok’s warm skin. He can’t. Hobi puts his hand against Taehyung’s shin.“Tae--”“Yes, Hobi?”“I’m not ready.”He feels Taehyung’s hands stop searching; his lips pull away from Hoseok’s skin. When he turns to look at him, Hoseok sees the confusion and hurt flicker across Tae’s face and feels a small, paper boat of guilt begin to sail.“I’m sorry,” he whispers. “It takes time. Forgiveness takes time.”Taehyung nods. “I understand.”“Are you mad?”Taehyung smiles tentatively. It’s a small smile but a sincere one. “I could never be mad at you.”Hobi leans his forehead against Taehyung’s. “Thank you.”Taehyung smiles and stands up, starts to pile the dirty dishes onto the tray. As he walks through the doorway, he looks back at Hoseok and the sun catches on his hair, lights up his smile.“I’ll get you back.”Hoseok leans on the bed, watches the breeze play with the curtains. His eyes must be ruined, he thinks. All his life he’s loved sunshine, but now all he can think about is hair black as night, skin like milk, and a blush creeping onto cheeks like a sunset onto the horizon. “No.” Yoongi says. He closes his laptop, picks up his backpack, and walks to the door. He makes it three steps before Seokjin catches up with him, blocking the door.“What do you mean  no ?”“I mean no, I will not give that song up for that purpose. I will not help produce that track for that purpose.”At this point in the conversation, Namjoon joins them, walking over from the desk. Yoongi looks at the two of them, from Seokjin to Namjoon, and Namjoon to Seokjin. “Is this where you guys double team me to find out what’s wrong or why I won’t do it or why you can’t have the song?”“No,” Namjoon says, crossing his arms. “This is where I pull the contract card and remind you that as a producer and composer whose house, cellphone, credit cards, and  yes  ,  recording equipment  are financed by this corporation, you have to work on at least two artists’ releases per fiscal year. That is what your job is and while I respect you and love you”--Seokjin gives him a pointed look--”as a friend, it’s my duty to tell you that this is not a question or a passion project. I don’t care if you give me that song but you have to give me  a song and you have to show up for the briefing and the recording and the mixing and it will be a song for Kim Taehyung.”Yoongi turns on his heel, pushes past Seokjin. “Fine. It will be in your Dropbox by midnight.” Hoseok arrives at the studio shortly before 09:00 pm. He prefers to do his thinking during the day and his dancing in the evenings when it’s quiet. He takes Studio 8A on the eigth floor of the Hip Hop and R&B wing. It’s a little bit smaller than the other spaces but it’s toward the far end, meaning it’s quiet and no one stops by to bother him.He’d spent the whole day in bed, turning the previous evening over and over in his mind: Yoongi sitting on the couch, Yoongi making funny comments about the drama, Yoongi trying not to press him about what was going on with him and Taehyung.He kept trying to go through the sequence of events like choreography: breaking up with Taehyung, getting dressed, going over to Yoongi’s, eating popcorn, watching cheesy dramas, talking, and then kissing Yoongi--no, first Yoongi kissing him, and  then kissing Yoongi, tasting the butter and the beer and the subtle mint of his toothpaste. But also: feeling the softness of Yoongi’s lips, the warmth of his breath, the way his tongue curled when Hoseok’s reached out for it with a hunger he hadn’t known he’d had. What was he thinking? Hoseok couldn’t make sense of it.And what had Hoseok been thinking? He’s known Yoongi all of life in Seoul, was the first person he ever talked to pretty much and he’d just gone in without hesitation. Why hadn’t he said anything? The options were endless, he tells himself: there are words in the Dictionary like no or stop or I care about you too much to fuck around with you. So why? The answer arrived around the same time as Taehyung: because you were drunk, you were horny, you were lonely--more horny than drunk, more lonely than horny.Taehyung arrived about an hour before Hoseok left. He’d brought take out and they’d eaten it while watching something on TV. It was nice enough. After, Taehyung had made ginger tea to soothe his throat and Hoseok had started to dress for dancing. “I’ll be home late,” he’d said, kissing Tae on the forehead. At least, about that, he could be honest.Hoseok looks at himself in the full-length mirror. He can see his orange hair peeking out from under his cap and it looks the color of rust in the studio light. His clothes hang loose on his thin frame, his jogging pants frayed at the edges. He doesn’t feel like himself, not quite. This is not JHope, he thinks. This is Jung Hoseok.  But he’s all I have right now and the show must go on.  He’d gotten the e-mail the day before: he would be preparing for comeback soon. Two months and he would release the title track--which meant he had to come up with the rap for the track, record it, learn the choreography by heart. Lather, rinse, repeat. He connects the iPod to the sound system, clicks the shuffle icon on his  Daily Dance  playlist and hits play. The music begins, and he begins, as well, reaching to the left, and then the right:  step one--dance it away. 
     
Yoongi settles down in the small studio space, cradling his head in his hands. He’d come here after the meeting, thrown his things on the floor and crashed onto the couch. He keeps the lights off. He’s chosen Studio 8B because it’s toward the end of the hallway on the eighth floor. It’s cramped but cozy, and most importantly, the farthest away from the executive offices where Yoongi is sure that Seokjin and Namjoon are analyzing and overanalyzing his behavior, trying to remember his Zodiac sign or his Myers-Briggs profile or some other crap like that.He looks at his laptop which is sitting on the desk, closed. It was 10:30 in the evening last time he’d checked. He said he would have the track in by midnight. Dragging his feet, he picks the laptop up and turns it on, bringing it to the sofa.Kim Taehyung, he thinks, shaking his head. Of all people, of all songs. He clicks on the track that he’d finished at sunrise, played it. His singing voice isn’t the best but he tried. Piano reverberates through the room. He smirks to himself as the first verse starts. He has to admit, it’s pretty funny--Yoongi isn’t one to write ballads, or not for other people anyway, but here it is: a ballad, a balladeer. He opens his e-mail, starts attaching the file. In the body of the message he writes: Namjoon, Okay, here. Producer Min Yoongi After the e-mail sends, Yoongi decides to spend the night. It’s cozy, the walls are soundproof and he doesn’t have to lay in bed thinking about he-who-shall-not-be-named. He closes his laptop again, lays down, and slowly falls asleep. The playlist ends. Hoseok slumps to the floor, panting. He throws his cap off;his hair is soaked. He is exhausted. The thought of driving home fills him with despair. He crawls to his bag, digs through it and finds an extra shirt. Maybe he can sleep here tonight, he thinks. It definitely isn’t the first time someone has done it--the canteen was open 24/7 for a reason.He checks his cellphone, sees a message from Taehyung: “Going to Jungkook’s to discuss new album. Might stay over if it gets late.I love you. Don’t forget to shower before bed.”Hoseok shakes his head, marvelling at how Taehyung did it: album after album, tour after tour. But then that was what he’d always admired about Tae, how he was resilient, tenacious--how even if his natural talent wasn’t anywhere near his colleagues’ (he’d debuted the same year as Park Jimin, for example), he really worked at it to the point of grinding himself to the bone. Hoseok smiles. He is grateful for Taehyung’s diligence and also for Jungkook’s support. The songs on the last album were beautiful.He replies: “Okay. Just finished practice. Exhausted. Might stay at studio if there’s a free room with sofa. Will text you if/when I find one. Love you. Hi to JK.”Reluctantly, he gets up, and starts looking for a place to sleep. He steps outside, looks to the right and frowns--all of the B studios (the ones with sound booths and sofas) are occupied, the lights turned on. He sighs and just as he’s about to leave notices that the one right in front of his--8B--has the lights off. Perfect.He opens the door, tosses his things to the floor and flings himself onto the couch only to land on a mess of limbs that pushes him away and onto the floor. Hoseok bumps his forehead on the corner of the coffee table.“Jeez.”“What the fuck.”Hoseok’s heart starts racing as he recognizes the voice.“Yoongi?”No answer.He props himself up, swats Yoongi on the arm.“Yoongi!”Yoongi rolls over to the edge of the couch, an arm dangling over the edge. He cracks an eye open.“Haven’t you tortured me enough, Jung Hoseok?”“I didn’t mean to--” Hoseok tries to read Yoongi’s expression in the darkness.“Yeah, yeah. I’m the one who kissed you remember?” A hint of a smile, maybe.“We were broken up.”“ Were  huh. Didn’t expect any less.”“Oh? So you just like kissing random friends who break up with their boyfriends temporarily?”“I kiss sense back into them so they stop being broken up."“Oh is  that what you were doing?”“Better than what you were doing.” A smile now, for sure.“I was really afraid that our friendship would be the price for my stupidi--"“Stop saying that."“Why? Isn’t it true?”“No.” Yoongi rolls away from the edge. “Are you seriously going to sleep on the floor?”Hoseok gets up, lies down beside Yoongi so that they have their backs to each other. Soon, Yoongi starts snoring softly. Hoseok lays awake, listening. He feels something in his stomach that he’s never felt before: it stings, cold like ice, threatening to move, consume--he crosses his arms to keep himself still and it plays in his head like a song or a set of dance steps: 1, 2, 3. I could turn around. All it would take is for me to turn around. But Yoongi doesn’t, so neither does he.



Lightning
Chapter Summary
Hobi learns about compromise--both the good, and the bad. Fluffy, smutty, ya'll know.
Chapter Notes
Chapter 4 onward will probably be up in a week or so.




Chapter 3 
It’s not always rainbows and butterflies,
 It’s compromise that moves us along.
 My heart is full and my door’s always open
 You can come anytime you want. They wake up at almost the same time. Hoseok is first, disoriented, blinking at the sliver of light that’s spilled in through the crack under the door. He turns around, hoping to be able to see Yoongi still asleep--it’s something he’s seen before but never with this  thing in his chest. He feels like a child discovering the moon for the first time. It’s always been there but now he can’t stop looking at it, wanting to pull it closer. Hoseok turns around. Yoongi is still in the same position as the night before, his back to him. He kicks himself internally. That’s what you get for thinking those thoughts. As if hearing him, Yoongi groans.“Oh nooooo. I’m conscious.”Hoseok laughs, and proceeds to stand up. Yoongi doesn’t move but he can see him blinking. Hoseok nudges him with a foot.“Let’s have breakfast.”Yoongi hears but doesn't respond immediately. He blinks twice and smiles. He’d been so sure their friendship was over. But of course it wasn’t. Always so doubtful, Min Yoongi, he thinks to himself. “Oy oy hurry up. I know you heard me, Min Yoongi. I have to get back after breakfast because me and Taehyung have plans at 1.”Yoongi takes a breath, smoothens the expression on his face.  No frown lines, no grimace, no furrowed eyebrows. No no no no no. He turns around.“Okay, okay.” They have breakfast at a small but cozy diner with 70s’ style booths. Hoseok orders bacon and waffles with black coffee. Yoongi orders a stack of blueberry pancakes and a hot chocolate with extra whip.“How can you drink that?” Hoseok jokes, kicking Yoongi under the table. He remembers Yoongi’s sweet tooth being one of the first things that caught him off guard when they first met.Yoongi shrugs and takes an eager sip, some white foam sticking to his upper lip. He smiles a big, toothy smile. Sugarrrrr. He licks the foam away slowly before going in for more. Hoseok watches him and feels himself begin to blush. How would it feel to kiss Yoongi after he’d sipped on chocolate? He tries to resist but his mind goes there now that it has a memory to run on: he imagines pressing his lips against Yoongi’s, the whipped cream light and fluffy as he opens his mouth, giving Hoseok access to what he wants. He imagines the tongue warm and wanting, imagines licking, sucking slowly until the sweetness of the chocolate coats his own tongue.“Are you having an aneurysm?”“What?”Yoongi studies Hoseok’s face, searching for signs of a mild heart attack or maybe a heatstroke? He goes through a mental list of the types of medicine in his backpack. They hadn’t turned the AC on last night, he realizes. Hoseok’s cheeks are flushed even under the shade of his cap and his eyes are a bit watery although that could be from the sleepiness.“Take off your cap.”“What. Why?”“The heat will go to your head and you could die.”“Why are you like this.” Hoseok takes his cap off as he bites into his waffle. His bright hair catches the light, brings out the deep brown in his eyes, the golden hue of his skin.Yoongi feels the urge to shield his eyes. There is the burning in his gut again. He takes another bite of his pancakes and smiles despite himself. Breakfast and Hoseok. He could take a little pain for that.

Hoseok gets home, feeling a lot better than he had when he left the night before. Taehyung is out and he finds a note tacked to the fridge which says “Take out instead? See you soon, wait for me.” Hoseok smiles. He loves quiet lunches in. First, he takes a hot shower and lets out a sigh as he feels the sweat and grime from last night slide off his skin with the grapefruit-scented body wash. He starts thinking about his new album. The last one had been about identity, had put him on the map as a rapper and while he enjoyed the rap side of hip-hop, he wondered if this time he could do something a little bit more on the R&B side. Yoongi, who has produced everything that he’s put out since they started, would hate him for it but he felt really strongly about this: he had to mix it up. Maybe he could do something more soulful. He could also ask Taehyung for help. He could listen to him sing forever.He starts singing some of the lines that he’d come up with the night before when he was dancing. He tries out different pitches, different intonations as he lathers the shampoo in his hair. He gets so caught up that he doesn’t hear when Taehyung comes home, sets the takeout on the counter, slips into the bathroom, and out of his clothes.He starts when his boyfriend’s low, barritone voice starts singing along to the melody he wrote. The hair on Hoseok’s arms start to prickle. He moves to face Taehyung, who pushes him back gently so that he can also soak himself in the water from the shower. Taehyung pumps some of the body wash onto his hands and begins to lather.“Even after four years, I never get sick of hearing you sing.” Hoseok puts his arms around Taehyung’s neck, massaging the back of his shoulders. He grins as he gets bubbles all over him, the suds clinging to his chest, limbs.Taehyung grins, using his hands to lather Hobi up as well.“I’ll sing for you as long as you like.”His arms come around Hobi, gathering him to his chest as they both tip further into the stream of the shower. Hoseok has a flashback to the first time that he and Taehyung had made love--it was after about six months of denying that they were attracted to each other, that the occasional clap on the shoulder had also been a kind of question, a way of testing the waters. They were in the dorm showers and Taehyung had been bathing after practice, singing along to a Miles Davis song that Hoseok happened to know from his father’s collection of old vinyl records. Slowly, taking a chance, Hoseok had taken off his clothes and begun to sing along, easing the shower curtain open slowly. On the other side, Taehyung had been smiling--both surprised and expectant--and had pulled him into the running water, kissing him long, hard.“Do you remember---” “--I was just remembering,” Hoseok smiles, reaching an arm around Taehyung’s waist to pull him closer.“Mmmm.” Taehyung uses a hand to sweep Hoseok’s hair back and off his forehead. “I think it went something like this.”He puts a finger under Hoseok’s chin, tipping his face upward and leaning down a bit to meet Hoseok’s slightly parted lips. Hobi closes his eyes, enjoys the feeling of warm water running over them as he welcomes Taehyung’s tongue into his mouth. He finds his hands roaming the expanse of Taehyung’s chest, the familiar territory of his shoulders, his nape. He moves his fingers down around Taehyung’s waist, teasing the hollow of his hip with a fingernail before moving backward.Taehyung pulls him closer by the small of his back, bringing their hips together. Hoseok hums deeper into the kiss, his hands searching for stability as they slip, slide along Taehyung’s body. The water washes the soap off of them, skin slapping against skin. Between them, Hoseok can feel that they’re both hard, their bodies slick, creating sweet friction as the undersides of their cocks rub against one another.“Hobi,” Taehyung whispers. “I won’t do anything you’re not ready to do.”In response, Hoseok brings a hand around Taehyung’s length, moving slowly, up, down, brushing over the tip. He whispers, his voice cracking. “If I beat you to the bed, I’ll have no choice but to punish you.”With that, he steps out of the shower, grabs his towel and hurries to the bedroom.Taehyung follows him as quickly as he can--still panting, his erection so hard it hurts. When he crosses the doorway into the room, Hoseok is reclined on the bed with his legs crossed at the ankle, touching himself. He is propped up against pillows, red hair brushed up and off his forehead, hands slick with lube. His eyes are trained on the doorway. “I’ve been waiting for you.”Taehyung jumps on the bed. “I did the best I could.” He crawls toward Hoseok, straddling him. Hoseok’s legs uncross under Taehyung. Taehyung curls and uncurls his body, brushing his hard, dry cock over Hobi’s slick one. Hoseok lets out a loud, sharp moan before moving a slippery hand around Taehyung’s length.“Hobiiii,” Taehyung’s eyes flutter closed, his mouth slackening open as Hoseok starts to pump faster.Hoseok feels the blood rush to Taehyung’s cock, waits it out until it starts to throb in his hand and then lets go.Taehyung whines, grinding against him.“What are you doing, Kim Taehyung?” He reaches over to smack Taehyung’s ass.“Why did you stop, Hobi?”“What did I say about you being late to the bedroom?” Hoseok starts to suck on his pointer finger, running his tongue around the tip.Taehyung’s eyebrows furrow, a dribble of saliva trickles down his lips. “You said that you’d punish me.”Hoseok brings his hand down on Taehyung’s length again, this time harder, faster before he stops. Taehyung whines harder. “Please, please, Hobi.”Hoseok hits him on the bottom again. “Please Hobi what?”“Please fuck me, Hobi."“Hobi what.”“Hobi-hyung,” the last syllable is barely out before Hoseok is pushing Taehyung out onto the bed, spreading him open.He goes down, slowly, making sure to brush Tae’s erection with his lips, chin, chest before lowering himself further, slipping his wet finger into Taehyung’s fluttering hole.Taehyung rolls up slowly, his hips rising in desire. Hobi takes his time, alternating between curling his finger and licking the entrance. He adds another finger, scissoring slowly, and Taehyung’s moan goes from sharp, high-pitched to deep, throaty, an endless swell of desire.“What does my baby want?” Hoseok asks between licks that turn into slurps as he puts a third finger in Taehyung.“To have hyung inside me,” Taehyung says, shamelessly grinding his hips now. “Please, please, Hyung. I’ll never be late again.”Hoseok smiles, pulling his fingers out. He reaches over to the nightstand, puts more lube on his fingers to make sure that he doesn’t hurt Taehyung--he’s done this enough times to know that he is tight every time, always sensitive--and once he’s slick enough, holds onto Tae’s knees before slipping on a condom and going in slowly, moaning from the pressure as Taehyung’s warm walls swallow him whole.“Are you okay?” He asks as Taehyung rolls against him, fingers grasping at the sheets as Hoseok moves, slowly but surely, curling and uncurling.“Swell,” he says from under the hair plastered onto his forehead. “Just swell.”He gasps, moves grabbing for Hoseok’s hips, putting his thumbs onto the hollows of his pelvis. “Please...please, faster.”Hoseok moves faster, hands gripping Taehyung’s knees so hard he’s almost afraid that he’ll hurt him. “Faster, please.” Taehyung is craning his neck, crunching so that he can see Hoseok move against him, his cock slamming in and out of his dripping hole, their hips slapping together.Taehyung lifts his hips further, and Hoseok knows that he’s done for. A few more thrusts and he cums, hot, fast, hard, filling the condom to the brim so that his cream spills out onto Taehyung’s ass, onto the sheets. He pulls out, the sudden rush of cold air causing him to gasp. He feels dizzy.Taehyung scrambles to his knees to catch the deluge with his hungry tongue. He wraps his lips around Hoseok’s manhood, sucking until he feels Hoseok’s cock soften in his mouth.“Thank you, Hyung,” he says after, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand.Hoseok smirks. “I’m not done with you.”He pulls Taehyung up and off his knees so that he leans against the wall, hands up. Hoseok moves so that he is leaning with his back against the headboard, mouth-level with Taehyung hard, throbbing cock. “You didn’t think I’d let you out of here without cumming, did you?”He wraps his mouth around Taehyung’s length, using his tongue to lick base to tip, swallowing the pre-cum as it slips out of the slit. He puts his arms around Tae’s thighs, pressing on his buttocks to bring him further into Hoseok’s mouth. When he hears Taehyung let out a moan as his cock hits the base of Hobi’s throat, he begins to pulsate, moving his head ever-so-slightly, taking him in deep. Hoseok’s breath hitches as Taehyung grabs his hair, moving his head as he fucks into Hoseok’s mouth, pleasure causing his whole body to tremble.“Hoseok---,” he gasps as he holds Hobi’s head still, still thrusting as he pours his desire into Hoseok’s mouth. Hoseok swallows most of it, but some drips down his lips as Taehyung withdraws, kneeling down to meet Hoseok in a wet, passionate, slow kiss.They both fall on the bed, spent.“Jesus Christ.” Taehyung lies on his back, trying to calm his breathing.Hoseok lets out a laugh before bringing the duvet around to cover them. “It’s been a while since we’ve done that.”Taehyung moves so that he spoons Hobi, letting an arm drape over his waist. The sun comes in through the window, golden. Outside, the takeout is forgotten on the counter. Hoseok smiles. Maybe, he thinks, before he drifts off to sleep, maybe the world is kind sometimes and a little compromise fixes everything--maybe there are days when you get to keep your bestfriend and your boyfriend and that’s okay.
Hoseok and Taehyung wake up shortly before dinner.“I’ll prepare, Hobi. You just rest easy.” Taehyung kisses him on the forehead.Hoseok sits on the sofa with his laptop open in a sweater he’s taken from Taehyung’s closet. He loves being pampered. In the bigness of it, he feels safe, secure--although the banging around of pots and pans still disconcerts him, he takes a while to enjoy the peacefulness.He scrolls through e-mails and realizes that the day has been so hectic that he hasn’t checked his work e-mails. The thread  HOBI PROJECT (4)  is highlighted in green.He clicks on it, and the messages scrolls down.Kimmie Seokjinnie < kim.seokjin@corp.com> on Friday, 09:30 PM : Hello, everyone. We’ve received some updates from management. They’re doing a switcharound with producers due to some scheduling conflicts--Taetae’s project will be produced by Yoongi, Hobi’s will be handled by Jungkook. Sorry for the switcheroo. Previous tracks will remain as chosen but just handled by different people.BOSS Namjoonie <kim.namjoon@corp.com> on Saturday, 10:00 AM: Just finished meeting with the PDs. Looping in Jungkook. First meeting for Rec. Session 1 is on Tuesday. Hobi, please be prepared with rap lyrics for tracks you and Yoongi were working on. MinYoongiSoHandsomeOhYeahIsMINYOONGI  <min.yoongi@corp.com>  has left the conversation. Saturday, 10:02 AM KookiekookieJung <jeon.jeongguk@corp.com> has joined HOBI PROJECT X on Saturday, 10:03 AMHoseok reads it again, going through the thread, the dates, the times. None of it makes sense. He’s never worked with Jungkook on anything work-related before--not that he wouldn’t be willing to if corporate wants it. But he’d already prepared so many of the tracks, had psyched himself up to talk to Yoongi about the feel. He wonders if Yoongi had requested for the switch but he goes over their conversation that morning, finds it unlikely. He remembers something that Namjoon used to say back when Hobi was preparing for his debut--contrary to popular belief, lighting doesn’t just not not  strike in the same place twice: it’s drawn to where it’s been before.  Just one hit , he used to say. That’s all it takes. He glances at Taehyung, who is setting the dishes, lighting the Pumpkin-scented candles they bought for Halloween season, and in the back of his mind, suspicion starts to settle like skin on soup that’s been left out too long.HOBIHOBIURHOPEY <jung.hoseok@corp.com> on Sunday, 07:20 PM: Hello, everyone. This is a weird turn of events. Can I ask what triggered it? No problem working with Jungkookie but definitely something to get used to after working with Yoongi about five years too long. ^________~ Lololjk“All done!” Taehyung leans in from behind, kisses him on the cheek.Let it go let it go let it go. Hoseok can’t let it go. His lips curl into a frown.
“Where were you last night?”



Hurricane
Chapter Summary
In which we have our first flashback, a major plot twist is revealed, and certain issues are resolved.
Chapter Notes
This chapter is admittedly a bit heavy but rest assured, it gets more hopeful toward the end and in future chapters.




Chapter 4: Hurricane 
  I know where you hide alone in your car  
  Know all of the things that make you who you are  It only happened once and Taehyung will never stop regretting it. It was the last night on a tour that had sold out instantaneously, pretty much--he was in New York for the first time and so overwhelmed that he’d sobbed on stage when he heard the crowd singing along to the words of his final song. It was a dark horse track on an album full of pop hits: aside from being in a different language, it was a slow song in a minor chord but when the bass began to thump, everyone knew all of the words--not just the chorus but every verse, every affectation. He couldn’t hear himself over the din of the crowd.As he stood there, tears brimming onto his cheeks, running down his face, he was suddenly overcome with a huge wave of loneliness: Hoseok wasn’t there. He could have been but he wasn’t. Taehyung had volunteered to front the money for the ticket, but he’d said that he had to prepare for his own comeback, had to get working on some songs, had to do some things alone. Taehyung understood to an extent, but also Taehyung didn’t. That’s where they were different: while Hobi was more outgoing, he was also more reserved. The more that he got to know Hoseok, the more he’d understood why he and Yoongi were bestfriends. There was a part of both of them to which everyone else wasn’t privy, a place where others weren’t allowed. Taehyung had never really needed any “me” time (as Hoseok called it); life was lonely enough without pursuing loneliness, in his opinion.As the show wrapped and the lights went out, he stepped offstage and walked down the hall to find none other than Jeon Jungkook waiting for him outside his dressing room--he was here recording with one of the label’s new artists and had phoned Tae’s hotel to tell him he was dropping by but Tae was already on his way to the venue. Seeing a friendly, familiar face in a big, strange city was like a cool breeze on a hot, humid summer day.Taehyung gave him a once over and couldn’t help but smile. The city suited Jungkook: he was dressed in a navy blue blazer and had a V WORLD TOUR concert t-shirt on underneath; black jeans ripped at the knees ended in sleek brown boots.“Did you really have to wear that shirt?”“KIM TAEHYUNG! KIM TAEHYUNG!” He pumped his fist in the air.Taehyung laughed, gave him a hug. “You look great, Jungkookie.”“We’re talking about  me ? What was that!” Jungkook gestured toward the door leading to the stage.  “You were incredible!”Taehyung grinned from ear to ear, felt his spirits lift like a kite taking sail.Jungkook had as much a right to be proud as he did. The encore song was the one that they’d written together, a powerpop ballad that took after Queen. Taehyung had written the lyrics but it was Jungkook that had come up with the glossy piano riffs that could sink the titanic.“Ahhhh well, you know I couldn’t have done it without you and your Midas touch. They don’t call you the Golden PD for nothing.”Jungkook beamed, waving the compliment off but blushing nonetheless. “Ah, stop that.”Taehyung smiled. He loved embarrassing Jungkook. For someone who was so stoic and so unshaken by big things, he was rattled so easily by simple things like being praised for his talent.“Want to get a nightcap?” Jungkook asked casually, putting his hands in his blazer pockets.“Sure,” Taehyung replied. “They scheduled my flight for eight tomorrow morning though so I’ll have to turn in early.”“What hotel are you staying at?” Jungkook had pulled out his phone, was checking maps for different bars and places to go in the area.“The Plaza.”Jungkook raised his eyebrows, grinned a lopsided grin. “Fancy.”Taehyung blushed, looked at his feet. “The tour did really well, I guess.”“Well, there’s supposedly a pretty good restaurant a couple of blocks from there. We can have dinner first and then just raid your room’s mini fridge? It’s fancy enough. How many people can say that they drank at a mini bar at The Plaza Hotel and paid for nothing? The Beatles stayed there, hyung.”“I know. I called my parents when I found out.”“Always so considerate.”Taehyung beamed, offered the crook of his arm. “Shall we?”Jungkook straightened up, took it. “Let’s.”
Dinner was delicious. The restaurant was a small but elegant place two blocks from The Plaza. Taehyung had stopped by his room to change into a blue button-up the color of the August sky, gray slacks, and leather loafers while Jungkook had gone ahead to save them a table. It was Friday and the restaurant was packed, humming with conversation.They had classic New York pizza--floppy, thin-crust Pepperoni--and a steak that they split between them. Jungkook ordered them each a beer.He raised his bottle before digging in. “To you, Kim Taehyung--V.”Taehyung remembers Jungkook saying his stage name with so much tenderness, remembers his heart feeling like a balloon slowly filling with hot air.And this was why, even after what followed, Taehyung can’t--doesn’t--hate Jungkook. All he’d done was believe in him, really. The rest of the evening had been entirely his own doing.Dinner had been pleasant and it had felt so good catching up; Taehyung didn’t want it to end even if they’d both had an extra beer that they shouldn’t have and the chances of him missing his flight increased with every minute he spent not sleeping. They walked down the street and ran into a trinkets shop where they bought assorted candy and other things they found hilarious. Taehyung managed to pick up a Zorro mask that he asked the cashier not to bag because he couldn’t wait to wear it. Jungkook got a hat with fluffy wolf ears.They brought their stash of candy up to the hotel room, spilling it onto the bed.“It’s HALLOWEEN!!!” Taehyung started jumping on the bed while popping a large piece of sweet n’ salty caramel taffy in his mouth.“Oh, is it?” Jungkook put his purple lollipop into his mouth before climbing on the bed and jumping as well.Taehyung let out a loud laugh. “It’s JULY, JUNGKOOK.” He threw a piece of candy at his face.Jungkook dodged it, stuck out his purple tongue. He raised his eyebrows, put on a deep voice and said with a serious expression on his face, “Time is only a construct.”“Is that--”“NAMJOON,” they both said at the same time, clutching their stomachs and flopping onto the bed.When they’d calmed down, Taehyung  walked to the small bar and started pulling bottles off the shelves.“Have you tried these before?”Jungkook shook his head. “Sometimes you forget I’m younger than you.”Taehyung read the labels one by one: Moet-en-Chandon, Dom Perrier, Jose Cuervo, Jagermeister.“Jose Cuervo?” Jungkook said tentatively, opening a pack of gummy worms and putting five in his mouth at once.Taehyung nodded. “He sounds friendly.”They poured the tequila into the small shot glass that sat on the cap, took turns taking shots and chasing them with candy.Three shots in, Taehyung felt a stab of loneliness again. If Hoseok was here, he thought, they would probably play music.“Hyung,” Jungkook said, sitting up. “Can I tell you a secret?”Taehyung shot him a sideways glance. “Of course.”Jungkook grinned, the alcohol turning his nose slightly pink.“I got a tattoo.”Taehyung’s eyes widened. Jungkook had always wanted one but it was illegal back home and Seokjin had always been particularly against it. “What is it? Can I see?”Jungkook bounced once on the bed and took off his wolf hat. He removed his blazer, pulled his shirt over his head, and turned so his back was to Taehyung. In the center of his upper back sat a beautiful, outspread bird rendered in a geometric pattern.“A seagull?”They both laughed, remembering that it was supposed to be Jungkook’s stage name if he had followed through to debut.“I got it to remind myself that even if I didn’t end up debuting as I expected, I am still the same man who loves music and performing and helping people fly.”Taehyung nodded and reached out to touch the bird’s wing. Jungkook flinched.“It hurts?”“No, no.”Jungkook was looking at his discarded shirt.Taehyung moved closer. “May I?”Jungkook nodded. Taehyung traced the bird’s wing with his fingertip and then moved down toward the feathered tail. Only now did he notice how much Jungkook had grown up.Taehyung moved his finger toward the bird’s beak. Jungkook flinched again.“Oy, what’s wrong with you.”When Jungkook turned around, his eyes were filled with confusion, like he wanted to say something. Instead, he picked up his shirt and moved to put it back on, putting it over his head. Suddenly, Taehyung understood. He had seen that look on his own face years ago when he had still been so unsure if Hoseok felt anything for him.In some gust of emotion, Taehyung raised a hand to catch the shirt, keep it from coming down. He pulled it back off of Jungkook’s head and threw it onto the floor.For a split second, they just sat side by side, staring at each other like there was a line drawn in sand between them. Taehyung looking at Jungkook: half-naked, the dim light illuminating the line of his jaw, the slender but sculpted curve of his shoulders. Jungkook looking at Taehyung: still wearing his Zorro mask, lips wet and red from sucking on the taffy, slightly unbuttoned shirt revealing the hollow between his collarbones.They could have walked to the far corners of the room, could have called it a night but they were too far gone. The line had already been blurred and with a single motion, Jungkook blew it away.He stood up, stepped in between Taehyung’s legs and bent down to kiss him, softly at first, as if to say  you can say no. When he didn’t pull away, Jungkook kissed harder, holding Taehyung’s lips between his teeth like slivers of precious fruit, tasting them slowly as if he never would again. When Taehyung opened his mouth, he felt them both hesitate, smelled the sweet candy on the breath shared between them. Tentatively, he slipped his tongue into Jungkook’s mouth, licked his tongue slowly. Jungkook lapped back, sealing all space between them.Gently, Jungkook pushed Taehyung back onto the bed. The candy wrappers rustled under him but he said nothing. He couldn’t speak. If he did, he would remember who he was. They both would. Instead, he let Jungkook undo his shirt while he ran a hand over the expanse of Jungkook’s back. His jeans were tight and he could see the pleasure straining against the fabric, could feel it mounting in himself as well. He reached up, ran his palm over the seam of Jungkook’s crotch, heard his breath hitch. Flesh strained harder against fabric. When the last of Taehyung’s buttons were open, Jungkook brought his mouth down around Taehyung’s nipples, making sure they were both stiff, sensitive. When Jungkook sat and began to rock his hips against Taehyung’s, he found himself making the first sound, breaking further into their sin, taking them both somewhere they couldn’t return from: he moaned, put his hands on Jungkook’s hips to bring him lower. Jungkook obliged, pressing their erections against each other, against the fabric of their pants.Taehyung felt his heart pounding in his chest. Jungkook kissed the lobe of his ear. He shook his head. Not there, not there. Jungkook looked at him, asking, before kissing him on the lips again. Taehyung struggled to breathe. If he was going to do this, he could not do it that way. Desire was betrayal and so he would change his desire. When he spoke, his voice was low, a whisper.“Ride me.”It was a pebble in a still pond of desire, a single, heavy bullet. Jungkook understood, changed the tempo. He undid Taehyung’s pants, slipped off his underwear. He stood, took off his own pants, stepped out of his briefs.“Do you have any--”Taehyung shook his head. “Why would I--”“Wait.” Jungkook walked to his wallet, pulled out a condom, put it in Taehyung’s palm.Taehyung sat up and pulled Jungkook back toward him, pushing his ass up to his mouth, licking slowly.“Touch yourself.”Jungkook obeyed, licking his palm and bringing it around his cock. He moaned through closed lips as Taehyung’s tongue circled his entrance before pushing a finger in and then two. His own cock was so hard, so dry that he wasn’t sure he was going to survive whatever this was. He took his time, spreading his fingers, curling them.  I won’t hurt you,  he promised silently.  I won’t hurt you. As if hearing him, Jungkook turned around, took the condom Taehyung didn’t realize he’d been holding onto for dear life. He opened it and slowly rolled it onto Taehyung’s cock. Taehyung felt himself roll his hips up, the desire inside him responding to sudden touch.Jungkook allowed him entrance slowly, bringing himself down like a storm no one sees coming. Suddenly, Taehyung found himself blind or blinded, thrashing in, out, against, fast, slow all at once. Jungkook had one hand against Taehyung’s chest, the other on his own length. His body was like a hurricane, a flurry, carrying them both away. When Taehyung came, he sucked his breath in: made an absence of sound so loud it reverberated throughout the entire room. Jungkook followed soon after, his hands sticky, hot.Jungkook let himself fall on his elbows, panting. He was saying something but Taehyung’s head felt like it was filled with cotton so at first he didn’t understand, just lay there watching Jungkook walk into the bathroom and then out of it, dressed, before kissing him on the forehead and closing the door behind him.Only hours later, when he had scrubbed himself clean with hot water and soap once, twice, thrice did it become clear to him what Jungkook had whispered in the darkness: “Only give what you have, only give what you can.” The chorus to the song that only hours earlier, an ocean of fans had been singing.  Now, Taehyung sits on the couch looking at Hoseok with wide eyes.“At Jungkook’s.”“They switched the producers.”“It’s because I asked them to.” Taehyung is looking at the floor now, not wanting Hobi to see the tears in his eyes. If he sees him crying, he will forgive him. He doesn’t deserve it.“Was it Jungkook?”When Taehyung looks up, Hoseok’s face is calm. He is looking out the window at the sunset.“Yes.”Taehyung is terrified. He could take yelling Hobi, slamming doors Hobi, sulky Hobi, but calm, decision-made Hobi would break him.“I just didn’t want anything like that to happen ag--”Hoseok sighs. “I don’t want to work with the man you slept with. But that is between me and Jungkook. I’ll talk to him. I’m sorry, Tae. I don’t think we can bounce back from this.”Taehyung’s lower lip trembles. “You hate me.”Hobi stands up, puts a hand on Taehyung’s shoulder. “I could never.”
Yoongi is sitting on the floor of his living room, re-potting one of his orchids. He curses as some of the dirt gets on his jeans. This is why he likes to wear black, he thinks to himself. Once the orchid is back in place, he pushes down on the dirt, wipes the side of the pot with some tissue.  There. Beautiful.  The orchid is lilac, yellow, and white. He is about to clean the old pot to plant more seeds in when the doorbell rings.  Pizza? He doesn’t remember if he ordered anything.“Who’s there?” he calls, lazy to walk to the door.“Hoseok.”Yoongi jumps up, hits his knee on the table and the soil from the near-empty pot spills onto the floor. He runs to the door, opens it, and there is Hoseok with all his stuff: two suitcases, a backpack, a box of toys.“Are you lost?”Hoseok pushes past him and into the living room. “What a mess!”Yoongi rolls his eyes. “I was doing something before you got here and the doorbell surprised me.”“Before or after you spilled the soil?”“Sit down. Why are you here?” Yoongi is looking at all the bags, half-hoping, half-terrified.Hoseok reclines on the sofa. “Dr. Min Yoongi, a lot has been on my mind these days.”Yoongi sits cross-legged on a nearby chair, pretends to scribble on a notepad and adjust his glasses. “TING! That’s all the time we have for today.”They laugh. Yoongi looks at his plants and then at Hoseok and then his plants.”Seriously. What are you doing here with all your possessions. Do you have a Min Yoongi visa?”Hoseok grins. “Yes, it’s called being Min Yoongi’s best friend.”“Who told you that?” Yoongi closes his eyes, pretends to sleep but keeps his lids half-open, watches Hobi’s smile spread like sunshine.“Yoongi.”Yoongi opens his eyes.“Promise not to get mad.”“What?”“I’m going to tell you why I’m here but promise not to get mad--at  anyone ."

Yoongi looks at the orchid with the beautiful petals, looks at Hoseok. He can’t tell which he finds prettier. “Okay, promise.”



Northern Lights
Chapter Summary
In which Seokjin and Namjoon finally clue in, Yoongi struggles with knowing what's been going on, and Jeon Jungkook learns a lesson about love.
Chapter Notes
I tried to make this as short as I could but I think this chapter deserves its length somewhat. :) Next chapter resolves a lot more issues and has more Namjin in it so there's that. Should be up next week. <3 Hope you guys enjoy this!




I know that goodbye means nothing at all
Comes back and makes me catch her

Everytime she falls 
 “And so, that’s how the cookie crumbled, crashed and burned--no pun intended.”Yoongi finds himself holding onto the throw pillow for dear life as he sits cross-legged on the sofa in his silk black pajamas. He feels the anger anchor in his stomach, a ship trying to find its way down his bloodstream and into his fists--he could fight, he has picked fights over much less. He could take them all for this. They’re bigger but so were the kids at school. He remembers how to fight, can’t forget it to save his life. He doesn’t know how Hoseok, cry baby of the year every year, is keeping his composure. He’s just sitting with his legs crossed, the picture of calm in an oversized cloud-patterned sweater and PJ bottoms that hang a little too high around the ankles because they’re borrowed from Yoongi. He blows on the cup of tea he’s holding, takes a tentative sip.They’ve put on some jazz music, are burning some of the vanilla candles that Hobi had brought over. They’d spent the rest of the afternoon tying decorative ribbons around the pots containing Yoongi’s orchids and arranging them on the porch. It felt like forever until Hoseok was ready to talk about it--now, Yoongi kind of wishes he had thought more about preparing about what it was he was going to hear.Hoseok puts down his cup of tea. He looks at Yoongi, waits for him to say something. Yoongi sits still, determined not to throw a fit but Hoseok sees the vein in his forearm that runs wrist to elbow with tension. He puts a hand on Yoongi’s forearm, strokes the vein gently. Yoongi’s seething is calmed just a notch, just enough to keep his promise.“I know, I know, I know. But life is complex, people are complex. I can’t be around them but I don’t want to spend my life on hate. Maybe he was lonely. Maybe Jungkook was lonely too. Maybe we were all just lonely.”Yoongi glares at Hoseok. “So what? Lots of people are lonely.”It takes Hoseok a few seconds to realize that maybe Yoongi is also talking about himself. Hobi inches closer, puts both arms around Yoongi. “Not everyone has someone like Min Yoongi.” He grins, makes a bad pun. “You-ngi.”At that, Yoongi feels something inside him crumple, like he has been looking through one-way glass his whole life and has finally been seen. He falls into Hoseok’s embrace and brings his own arms around Hobi, rubbing his back. It’s then that Hoseok begins to sob, crying into Yoongi’s hair that smells like blackberries mingled with soap. With every shudder, Yoongi holds on tighter. He wants to make a snarky side comment, to tell Hoseok off about his terrible joke, but when he opens his mouth he shocks them both by saying in a low, soothing voice, “It’s going to be okay, Hobi. It’s going to be okay.”

The first meeting is on Tuesday. Hoseok stands in front of the mirror in Yoongi’s bathroom, trying to part his hair just right. He’s changed into and out of four outfits already, has settled on a forest-green sweater and light, mildly distressed jeans. Yoongi is trying not to stare at him in the mirror. He has insisted on going to the meeting as well even if he technically wasn’t invited. He wants to fight for the album. He has a strong case, that is: if they don’t let him stay, he’ll pull out of Taehyung’s project. Looking into the mirror, Yoongi studies himself: he tried to be a little bit more light with his choice of clothing this morning but turns out everything he owned that he thought was blue is really just slightly faded black. As a result, he’s wearing a gray checkered polo tucked into black jeans. He runs a hand through his hair, tosses it slightly to the right. It will have to do.Beside him, Hoseok slowly lets go of two strands of hair.“There.” He beams at Yoongi in the mirror. Yoongi rolls his eyes. Whatever Hoseok’s hair is like, he looks handsome anyway.“Ready?”“I like your hair like that.” Hoseok says, not looking up from closing his pot of hair pomade before walking out of the bathroom.Yoongi looks at himself in the mirror and starts to panic. How had he done this to his hair? How would he do it again?

  Jeon Jungkook has only been afraid a few times in his life: in first grade when he’d had to hold a girl’s hand for a dance presentation, three years ago when he’d ridden a chartered plane to Jeju with Namjoon and Seokjin and Namjoon informed him that he had forgotten the parachutes but not to worry because if the plane crashed they would be unconscious before the even hit the water, and lastly, whenever he saw Kim Taehyung sad.The night before, he’d opened his door to find a drunk Taehyung standing in his hallway.The last time he’d seen him was when they talked about switching producers. Jungkook had been fine with that. He wasn’t born yesterday, knew what he’d been doing when he’d taken those steps in the hotel room that smelled like candy, had figured out the consequences long before he’d gotten Taehyung’s text asking to meet up. They’d had coffee and a long talk about the record and about how Taehyung wanted to work it out with Hoseok, how what they had done was a mistake. What Jungkook didn’t say as he assured Taehyung that Hoseok would forgive him eventually and that he was okay with the switch was that he didn’t mind being that mistake. He felt a pang of guilt when he thought about Hoseok but it was always overcome by how good he had felt in that moment, how Taehyung’s lips had felt against his, how it had felt to be opened up like that, to be made vulnerable.So when Jungkook had paused mixing a track for the meeting to get the door and found Taehyung outside, his pulse began to race. Taehyung’s eyes were bloodshot under his red cap and he was smiling but his voice cracked when he spoke. “We broke up.”Jungkook opened the door further. He knew what would happen next, was already loosening his tie. This was something he and Taehyung had in common--they let situations speak for themselves. As soon as the lock clicked, Jungkook found himself pressed up against the door, Taehyung’s hands curled into fists at the collar of Jungkook’s shirt.“Make me forget.”At that, Jungkook stepped forward, flung him around so that their positions were reversed. He unbuttoned Taehyung’s shirt halfway before he began kissing Taehyung’s neck, licking as he got to the crook of his collarbones. He used his hands to hold Taehyung’s hips still against the wall as he ground against him. This time, Taehyung had no restraint about sound. He moaned, raising his hips as Jungkook held them down. Taehyung’s hands roamed Jungkook’s chest, found his tie and pulled him down. Jungkook obeyed, getting on one knee and then the other, using his lips to mouth at Taehyung’s cock through the fabric of his linen pants. Taehyung ground his hips against Jungkook’s mouth, eager for touch. Jungkook reached to pull at the garter of Taehyung’s pants, his underwear, freeing his throbbing cock. Jungkook began with the tip, licking it in slow circles. His hands were back on Taehyung’s hips, pinning him down. He looked up to see Taehyung watching him, his face flushed with pleasure. Jungkook sucked slowly on the head, waiting until drops of precum leaked onto his tongue before suddenly taking Taehyung’s entire length into his mouth, running his tongue along the underside until he heard Taehyung begin to hum to the rhythm of his strokes.“Faster, faster.” Taehyung had a door on the knob, bracing himself, preparing for his climax.Jungkook stopped.Taehyung raised his hips. “Jungkook.”Jungkook got up, helped Taehyung step out of his pants and lead him to the bedroom.“Lie down.”Taehyung pulled his shirt over his head, crawled on the bed and lay on his back.“Watch me undress. Don’t be shy.”Jungkook took his tie off slowly, undoing the knot with his long fingers. He unbuttoned his shirt, revealing his strong chest, the lean curve of his abdomen that ended in the crisp cut of his slacks. Without removing his shirt completely, Jungkook undid his belt, let it hang loose as he touched himself through his pants.On the bed, Taehyung watched with hungry eyes, bringing a hand around his own cock, stroking slowly. Jungkook moaned, watching Taehyung’s eyes struggle to stay trained on him. Jungkook undid the clasp on his pants, pulled his zipper down. His boxers held up like a tent. He slipped out of them slowly, leaving them like a pool on the floor. Taehyung began to stroke himself faster at the sight of Jungkook’s thighs, the memory of them moving as he moved inside Jungkook. He walked to the bed where Taehyung was lying, straddled him. Taehyung let out a long, low moan as Jungkook began to move, their cocks slippery, slick, hot and wet against each other. Taehyung tore off Jungkook’s shirt, put his hands on Jungkook’s hips, pressing them closer. Jungkook obliged for a few moments, allowing the hot, wet pleasure to bring them both closer to the edge before pulling away, pinning Taehyung’s hands up over his head. He brings his mouth to Taehyung’s ear and whispers in a low voice.“This time, let’s play fair.”He flipped around, bringing his face to Taehyung’s crotch and vice versa. As he closed his mouth around Taehyung’s length, he felt his own cock dip into Taehyung’s mouth, his tongue lapping away at precum coming through the slit. Jungkook moaned, his body rolling through his pleasure, pressing himself deeper into Taehyung’s mouth as he took Taehyung deeper into him. He hears Taehyung’s moans get higher, quicker, more desperate as his own breathing becomes almost hysterical. Jungkook comes first, feeling Taehyung’s mouth fill and then empty out as he swallows quickly, greedily. When Taehyung reaches his own climax, Jungkook laps at the hot, white cream, letting it shoot into and drip down his mouth and back down the shaft while using a hand to help Taehyung ride out his orgasm, his body twisting, shaking beneath him.They collapsed on the bed, breathless. Jungkook looked at Taehyung. His eyes were trained on the ceiling.“Are you okay?”Taehyung turned to face him. “I need to make something clear.”“You don’t love me.”Taehyung was taken aback. “I just--”“It’s okay.” Jungkook’s eyebrows furrowed. He reached over to the nightstand, tossed a box of tissues at Taehyung. “I just don’t like seeing you so pathetic is all.”Taehyung sat up, wiped himself off. “Thank you.”Jungkook nodded. “Anytime.”Today, Jungkook is doing up the buttons on his sleeves as he gets ready for the first meeting and whatever it is that this day will bring. As he picks up his laptop bag and heads out the door, he sees Taehyung’s red cap sitting on the dining room table and realizes there is another thing he is afraid of but it’s already happened so there’s no use dwelling on it. He puts the cap on his head and walks out the door.

Yoongi drops Hoseok off at the main entrance before going to park the car. Hoseok takes a deep breath before undoing his seatbelt. Yoongi catches him glance at his reflection in the sideview mirror.“You look handsome.” Yoongi does his best to keep a straight face but his lips tug up at the corners.“What? No.” Hoseok protests but he is beaming, a new lift in his shoulders. He takes a deep breath.“See you in there.”Hoseok nods, opens the door and steps into the building.Yoongi watches him disappear behind the heavy double doors before driving toward the parking lot. He circles for a while, trying to find the best spot--somewhere with shade but close enough to the buildings so he wouldn’t have to walk so far.He finds one, and makes a u-turn, backing up slowly. Before the car is parallel, something catches the corner of his eye: toward the far left, Jungkook’s sedan pulling up. They meet each other’s gaze. Yoongi’s hands tighten around the steering wheel. Jungkook waves as he is  getting out of the car and for a moment Yoongi thinks he can pretend like he doesn’t know anything, that maybe he can be like Hoseok: calm, forgiving, empathetic. And then Jungkook steps into the sunlight in all his tall, shining, crisp-white buttondown glory, and Yoongi’s eyes fall on his cap. It’s red with a small, smiling emblem of a sun stitched onto it. He knows it because he’d helped pick it out the year before, had taken hat after hat after hat off the shelves until Hobi’s mouth had stopped being that horrid triangle shape that twisted at his insides.Yoongi pulls on the handbreak, feels the engine turn off as he releases the clutch. When he opens the door, he hears it graze another car’s door but he doesn’t care. Fuck the clutch, fuck the car, fuck the promise.As he walks toward Jungkook, he sees the younger man’s expression change, the eyebrows knitting together. Jungkook drops his bag, starts folding his sleeves, walks briskly toward Yoongi as well.“Oh no you don’t, asshole.” Yoongi steps quicker and lunges forward then to the left, swinging, his fist hitting Jungkook square in the jaw.

 Hoseok is sweating despite the air conditioning. Namjoon and Seokjin are feeding each other cupcakes and he thinks he’s going to be sick.“Oy, Hobi.” Seokjin pushes the box of cupcakes toward him. “Eat something. Jungkook said he was going to be a bit late.”“I’m not hungry.” Where is Yoongi? Seokjin shrugs, walking to the coffee dispenser by the window with the box of cupcakes. He looks outside and his eyes widen. “Oh my god.”The box lands flat on the floor.“Hey I bought those!” Namjoon says, clicking his tongue. When he walks over, he looks outside and sees what Seokjin is staring at. “What the fuck.”Hoseok looks at them. “What’s happening to you two?”“I think you should see this.” Seokjin says, waving him over.“Oh no. Oh no no no no no no.” Hoseok’s eyes widen as he sees Jungkook throw a punch at Yoongi, watches it connect with his brow before Yoongi retaliates with a hook that hits Jungkook’s nose. Jungkook catches Yoongi’s next move and they’re caught in a deadlock like two bulls in a pit.Hoseok is out the door like a light.“DON’T JUST STAND THERE!” He yells behind him and hears Namjoon and Seokjin run out of the room behind him.



“Do you know what you did?” Yoongi feels the blood dripping down his face but he doesn’t really care anymore at this point.“Why is this any of your business?” Jungkook pushes Yoongi off of him. Yoongi hits the ground, scraping his palm against the asphalt.“Hoseok is my best friend. Do you know how it feels to see someone you love be broken apart by some idiot who couldn’t keep it in his pants? Do you know how it feels to have to see someone go through that?” From where he’s sitting on the ground he can see the red cap he knocked off of Jungkook’s head lying on the ground.Jungkook’s nose is bleeding, his lip cut. He wipes his nose on his sleeve. “You want to know the difference between you and me, Min Yoongi? In a way we’re both the same, pining after people who just aren’t in love with us. The difference is that you’re too afraid to do anything about it. Are you just going to spend your whole life waiting around for Hoseok to realize that you’re the best thing since sliced bread? That one day maybe he’ll be lonely enough to let you fuck him and suddenly have some sort of catharsis that you’re the one he wants to be with?”Yoongi snaps back like he’s been slapped. At first he thinks Jungkook is getting ready to hit him again but he realizes that Jeon Jungkook is shaking because he’s crying.“Well don’t hold your breath, Yoongi. Because Hoseok will never, ever--”--”That’s enough, Jungkook-ah.”Yoongi’s heart nearly jumps out of his chest. Suddenly, Hoseok is by his side, pulling him up, cradling his injured hand in the sleeve of his sweater.“Come on, Yoongi.”Seokjin and Namjoon survey the scene, move to help Jungkook up. It’s Namjoon who breaks the silence. “What in the world is happening?”


“I have a first aid kit in my bag.” Yoongi is sitting on a chair inside Studio 8B while Hoseok stands nearby, googling first aid for the different cuts, scrapes, and bruises that Yoong’s acquired.Without speaking, Hoseok unzips Yoongi’s bag, takes out a blue pouch the size of his face. He sets everything out on the table: cotton, povidone-iodine, band-aids. He proceeds to cut plaster and gauze into little squares, sticks them onto the edge of the desk. Still not speaking, he drags Yoongi’s chair closer. Yoongi groans. Hoseok doesn’t relent, pulls until he’s close enough to touch without moving very much. He soaks a cottonball in povidone-iodine, the red staining the tips of his fingers. He brushes Yoongi’s hair back softly with his free hand.“This will sting a bit.” Carefully, he presses the cotton onto the cut on Yoongi’s brow.  Yoongi tries not to flinch, but his eyes well up.“A lot, more like.” Yoongi pouts. He looks up at Hoseok, still wondering how much he heard from all that nonsense that Jungkook was spouting.“Well. That’s what you get when you break promises.” Hoseok discards the cotton, presses gauze into place and secures it with a strip of plaster.Yoongi rolls his eyes. “Well, I got us the album back didn’t I?”“Yes but you didn’t have to do it by getting beat up. I don’t think he wanted it very much either.”Yoongi frowns. “I got a few good punches in there too.”“You didn’t do it because of the album, did you?”Yoongi’s pace quickens. “What are you talking about?”“Look up.” Yoongi moves his face so that Hoseok can see to a small cut on his chin. “Why did you start a fight with Jungkook?”“I--” Yoongi opens his mouth, closes it again. “It’s hard to explain.”Hoseok takes some ointment from Yoongi’s kit, dabs it on his cheek. “Try me.”


“Here.” Seokjin gives Jungkook a cupcake. He’s done his best to wrap up Jungkook’s wounds, and has lent him a clean shirt for the time being, much to Namjoon’s dismay--he was definitely the jealous type.Namjoon is pacing back and forth, his eyebrows knit together in annoyance.“Please say something,” Jungkook finally says, biting into the cupcake carefully so as not to hurt the part of his lip which is now twice its normal size.“I wish that people would tell me things because it’s literally my job to fix them, to make sure that they work. Also, I’m very disappointed in you and Taehyung although what you do is your business, what you do is also my business if it’s happening under my watch--technically.”“I--I’m sorry,” Jungkook relents. “If you want me to resign--”“--as tempted as I am to hit you,” Namjoon interrupts. “We are short of producers and I want to pull my hair out of my head enough without the two best I’ve got trying to murder each other. I need you both and I need you both to make amends. With everyone. I’m giving Yoongi back Hoseok’s album because I don’t think seeing you everyday for the better part of two months is very good for Hoseok’s creative output. My problem remains: can you work with Taehyung?”


“It was the hat.” Yoongi says, as if offering an explanation. He’s watching Hoseok pack up the medical kit carefully, making sure everything is sealed and put back in its place. He’s just finished patching up Yoongi’s hand. Resting his hand in Hoseok’s palm as he pulled layer after layer of gauze over the broken skin was probably Yoongi’s favorite thing that happened today.“What?”“The brat was wearing the snapback you gave he-who-must-not-be-named for his birthday last year, the one with the smiley face sun.”Hoseok puts the kit back in Yoongi’s bag, zips it up firmly. “And?”Yoongi takes a deep breath. The air-conditioner suddenly sounds like it’s humming too loudly, the studio looks too dark and too bright at the same time. Hoseok has his back turned; Yoongi wishes that he could read his expression to give him some clue about what to say but also, this might be better. If he sees what Hoseok looks like he might just forget whatever it is that he’s trying to explain and he’s having enough difficulty as it is what with the way Hoseok sucks his upper lip in with worry, the way a line forms between his eyebrows. That’s for me, Yoongi thinks.“And it upset me. Remember when we went out to buy it? We spent hours walking around, into shop after shop after shop just trying to look for the perfect cap--not too big, not too small, good for practice but still smart enough to wear outside as well, something bright but not too gaudy, classic but not too boring--the list just went on and on and on and on and so to see him wearing it like that, like a medal, just really pissed me the fuck off. To know that he--the other brat--was wearing it when he saw that asshole and left it with him just really got my goat.”Hoseok turns to face Yoongi, leans against the table. His lips are pursed as if in thought. “I see. You were mad because it took us a long time to buy a hat for Taehyung and Jungkook was wearing it--so you decided to put your life in danger by abandoning your car, dealing damage to someone else’s car, and starting a fight with the most physically fit person we know who is also significantly taller and heavier than you?”He’s mad, Yoongi thinks. He’s mad at me. Yoongi doesn’t say anything for a while, looks at the floor. “You’re being cruel.”Hoseok walks over to where Yoongi is sitting. Yoongi sees his shoes cross the carpeted floor but still doesn’t look up, doesn’t want to be told off again for being ridiculous, for losing his cool, for breaking his promise. He knows: he messed up, big time.“Jungkook was wrong, you know.” He looks up and Hoseok’s eyes are serious, looking down at him with a tenderness Yoongi has never seen before.“About what?”“I think you’re much better than sliced bread and far more attractive if I’m being honest.”“Do you need an aspirin?” Yoongi suddenly feels dizzy.“I’m a fan of taking things slow but seven years is a long time so I think I’m allowed to be a little forward.” Hoseok starts to smile, it’s a slow sunrise starting from the left corner of his mouth and lighting up his entire face. That’s for me. “I think you’re the cat’s pajamas, the bee’s knees, and as ticked off as I am at you for acting like a neanderthal and hurting yourself, I won’t pretend like you aren’t hot when you get worked up.”Yoongi is in pain. His heart kicking around in his chest has gotten the better of him and he’s beginning to smile involuntarily despite the protest his pain receptors are holding on every inch of his face. He can feel himself blushing, the blood rushing to his face.Hoseok gets on one knee so that they’re eye to eye. “Also, I couldn’t stop thinking about the kiss. I thought about it the night we slept here, the morning we had breakfast, the moment you answered the door, when I was rearranging your stupid plants, last night before I fell asleep on your couch, this morning while we were getting ready, this morning while we were driving here.”“Amateur,” Yoongi says, smirking at the confused look that crosses Hoseok’s face. “I have a doctorate in thinking about kissing you, Jung Hoseok.” At that, Hoseok smiles, his dimples appearing in his cheeks, the small lines on the corners of his eyes streaking like starlight across the night sky. Yoongi leans back, lightheaded. He thinks of a photo of the Arctic that he saw when he was younger, of colorful lights turning the sky a flurry of different colors. This is how that felt.Hoseok stands up. “Even if you suck at keeping promises, I’ll make you this one: after I nurse you back to health, I’m swear to god I’m going to kiss you again, Min Yoongi.”“You better.”



Avalanche
Chapter Summary
In which Yoonseok properly happens, Taekook learn to use their mouths for talking, and lowkey not-so-lowkey Namjoon.
Chapter Notes
Longest and slowest-paced of the chapters but hopefully worth it. I hope you guys enjoy reading. The last chapter might take a while because life. In the mean time snippets may be posted on Twitter. (@teenuviel1227)

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





Chapter 6: Avalanche 
I drove for miles and miles  And wound up at your door  I’ve had you so many times  But somehow I want more It happens on the drive home, right after they’d decided that nothing more could be done until they’d gotten in touch with Taehyung. Namjoon is driving, still hot-headed over Seokjin lending Jungkook his shirt. Seokjin has his arms crossed over his chest, looking out the window, going over a list of ingredients that they have in the fridge, deciding what to make for dinner.“Why would you lend him your shirt? He was okay. He didn’t even have any wounds on his actual body.”“Yes, yes he was fine. He was just bleeding from the mouth is all.”Namjoon frowns. “I don’t like hearing you talk about his mouth.”Seokjin looks at him in shock, mouth turning into a small o-shape. “Namjoonie, you’re being ridiculous.”“I mean. Did you see that coming? Do you remember how Hoseok and Taehyung were? Almost sickeningly sweet with the pet names and the tickling in public and the looking at each other from across the room whenever they were on the same show together? It hit me like a train and it bothers me that it was Jungkook. Who knows what that kid could do.”“Not that I’m condoning what they did but don’t slut shame him. What he did was terrible but also anyone with eyes can tell that he’s head over heels in love with Taehyung. Did you  hear  the last song on that album? I could practically hear the confession in how Jungkook produced it with the minor chords and the inversion of  only give what you can  from Tae’s original  I only give what I can --the only person who would let that fly over their head is KimTaeTae.”“Still. You don’t just do whatever you want like that. What if he was in love with you? Then he’d just right out and--and--I don’t want to think about it. All I’m saying is I don’t trust him.”“You don’t trust anyone.”Namjoon throws him a sideways glance as they drive out of a tunnel and onto a bridge, the city lights suddenly illuminating Seokjin’s pastel pink hair, the curve of his nose, his long eyelashes casting shadows on his cheeks.Namjoon hits the hazard light and pulls off to the side of the road. “Get out.”Seokjin’s eyes get wide. “Excuse me?”But when he looks at Namjoon, his expression is tender. “Get out of the car, I just have to tell you something.”“You have to tell me something outside of the car? In the middle of the bridge? Amidst speeding traffic?”“It’s the shoulder lane.”“Again--outside the car in the middle of a bridge amidst speeding traffic?”“Just do it please.”Seokjin rolls his eyes but gets out of the car, stepping onto the shoulder lane which overlooks the river. “Why are you like this. Who are you and where did you put my rational, intelligent boyfriend?”Namjoon gets out as well, joins Seokjin on the sidewalk. “Kim Seokjin,” he begins, taking Seokjin’s hands in his.Seokjin looks at Namjoon with an eyebrow lifted. “Yes, that’s my name. What’s happening to you?”“I need you to know something: it isn’t that I don’t trust people or that I have a slowly evaporating faith in humanity. It’s just that I believe in what Kierkegaard said: life is lived forwards, but understood backwards and so I think it’s my duty as a sentient being to analyze and overanalyze everything that happens to me and the people around me. I trust Jeon Jungkook to make good music but he’s still a kid and kids do stupid things--god knows I’ve done my share of stupid things--but I can’t take chances when it comes to you.”Namjoon starts to kneel, reaches for something in his coat pocket.Seokjin looks like he’s been hit across the face with a frying pan. “What in the world--”“I think what I’m trying to say is that we’ve been in this thing for a while now and I know it started out as a temporary fix, as something to pass the time while we took care of bratty popstars, egotistic producers, sold our souls to sell music, but because of this--” Namjoon gestures to Seokjin, head to toe--” this ridiculous, beautiful, clumsy, nagging, loving person that you are, with every roll of kimbap and every sliver of kimchi, every cold bowl of naengmyeon in the summer and steaming hot serving of ramyun in the winter, you’ve slowly reminded me who I was and why I started doing music. You’ve given me back to myself and that’s more than a man can ask for in a lifetime. However, I have to be a little bit more selfish and ask if you would be so kind as to give me yourself as well, for the rest of my life?”Namjoon holds the velvet case up, a single silver ring with three pink diamonds embedded into the body shining in the moonlight. With a trembling hand,Seokjin pulls Namjoon up.Seokjin holds out his left hand. “Hurry up. Put it on me.”Namjoon does as he’s told, slips it on slowly, holding his breath and hoping it’ll fit. When it does they look at each other, smiling so wide their cheeks hurt. Jin leans in, puts a hand on Namjoon’s nape and pulls him in for a long kiss.Later, when they’re back in the car arguing over who to call first, Seokjin lets out a giggle and holds his hand up to the light to admire the ring. “A beautiful ring for a beautiful man.”Namjoon rolls his eyes but doesn’t stop smiling. “Your weird fingers though.” Taehyung looks out at the city from his hotel room window. He couldn’t bear to stay in the apartment, had taken a bag full of fresh clothes and checked into the Park Hyatt after he’d left Jungkook’s place. He’s been here for days, watching the trains as they sped back and forth across the Han river. The bed is covered with stuffed toys brought from home.  Home. Where is that now?He’s wearing Doraemon-print matching pajamas under the hotel robe. Spread on the table in front of him is a continental breakfast that he’s barely touched: waffles, bacon, orange juice, a kettle of coffee. He’d taken a bite of the waffle and it reminded him so viscerally of Hoseok which in turn reminded him of Jungkook and it sent the guilt turning like tide in his stomach--nothing could be done now, he was a failure as a boyfriend, he was a terrible friend.  What was I thinking ? He thinks that sentence too much these days.His cellphone continues to blink; he’s put it on silent. Namjoon and Seokjin have been calling him for days. Maybe he just isn’t built for this life, he thinks. Maybe it’d be best for him to move back home, or to another country or wherever it is that people who don’t survive stardom go. Or he could just stay here until the money bled out of his bank account and they had to evict him.The doorbell rings and he starts, nearly jumping out of his seat. “Please do not disturb!” he yells, mimicking what he’d read on the sign outside the door.“It’s me.” Taehyung stiffens, a cold hand squeezing his insides at the sound of the voice he’d last heard so broken, so distant, so sad. For a moment, he thinks no one can force him to open the door--if he doesn’t then maybe Jungkook will go away. But he sees the shadow under the doorway, already knows how he’s standing, shoulders square, feet planted firmly on the ground. “I just want to talk.”Talk. Yes, it would be good to talk to someone, Taehyung thinks, and slowly makes his way across the room to the door. As he opens it slowly, he isn’t expecting what he sees: Jungkook’s face is swollen in some areas, bruised where it isn’t bandaged up.“What happened to you?”“It’s a long story. Anyway, like I said, I just want to talk.”Taehyung hesitates. The last time they were in a hotel room together things hadn’t gone so well.As if reading his mind, Jungkook blushes before saying, quickly, “We can meet at the cafe downstairs in thirty minutes. I’ll get a table. You go get dressed.” They work from home for two weeks. Hoseok hasn’t really asked to move in but has just sort of unpacked, leaving his things wherever they fit: a toothbrush in Yoongi’s cup by the sink, his clothes folded neatly on the chair in Yoongi’s room, shoes lined up by the door. This is all fine by Yoongi--to say the least--but also, it shocks him in a way that he can’t quite put his finger on: halfway between relief and disillusionment. Something he’d told himself for years was that it may have been a good thing he and Hoseok didn’t live together because he liked his personal space, thank you. These days he catches himself stopping short and looking at all of Hoseok’s things at random intervals during the day, realizing how much he’d missed out on over the years but also:  this is our home now. On a day when Hoseok’s gone to the pharmacy to buy him painkillers, Yoongi empties out a shelf in the closet, puts Hoseok’s clothes on it. Hours later, when Hoseok comes home to change into comfy clothes and opens the closet nonchalantly, casually like it’s something he’s always done, always will do, Yoongi feels his stomach flutter in a way he doesn’t expect. He tries (and fails) to wipe the smile off his face.  Who gets excited over a cabinet? They have it down to a routine by the third day: Hoseok wakes up at around 07:00 in the morning and starts making breakfast--some days he likes to let them both indulge, cooks bacon with eggs, chocolate banana pancakes, four-cheese omelettes, and other days he tries to make them something healthy like oatmeal with a side of berries and nuts or fruits served with toast and poached eggs.Yoongi wakes up around an hour later, when the coffee starts boiling and its smell begins to fill the entire house. He walks slowly down the stairs, sleep still in his eyes, and finds himself smiling at the sight of Hoseok sitting at the table that’s already set, his cup of coffee steaming in front of him as he’s bent over the day’s crossword puzzle which he never finishes. Instead of heading straight to the table, Yoongi first walks out to the front yard and picks some flowers. Once he’s chosen the best for the day, he takes them into the house and puts them in a slim vase to go at the center of the table.Today is a Thursday, the flowers are pink daffodils. They’ve been doing the work from home thing for nine days and still no kiss. One thing that’s been bothering Yoongi is that Hoseok’s still been sleeping on the couch. Yoongi can wait but he also feels the impatience starting to build slowly, finds himself looking at Hoseok’s mouth while he treats his wounds. Before heading downstairs, he’d checked the cuts on his face and was glad to see that they’d dried down to a dry brown, more itchy than painful with most of the swelling gone.  Just a bit more. “Goodmorning,” Yoongi says as he sets the vase on the table, his voice still raspy.“Goodmorning.” Hoseok greets him, putting the newspaper down with a frown. “What do you call a natural disaster where snow falls over lots of stuff?”“Blizzard?”“No, no. When it gets bad and stuff starts falling.” Hoseok makes a gesture with his hands that Yoongi is unable to interpret.“An avalanche?”“Yes!” Hoseok scribbles quickly.Yoongi puts a piece of French Toast on his plate, licks the excess sugar off of his fingers. As he looks up to take the bottle of maple syrup, he catches Hoseok looking at him.“What?”“Nothing.” He folds the newspaper in half, lips curving into a smile. Yoongi’s heart skips a beat.   Taehyung presses the button for the Restaurant & Bar in the elevator, checks his reflection in the full-length mirror. He musses his hair. Not bad for someone who hasn’t bathed in a few days. He spots Jungkook quickly: he’s taken a seat by the window, is stirring sugar into his Americano, a dark shape against the blue sky.Taehyung takes the seat opposite him, offers a smile. “Hey.”Jungkook looks up. “Hey.”Taehyung orders an affogato. When it arrives, he spoons the ice cream into the coffee, lets it sit in his mouth. He feels awake for the first time in days.“So,” Jungkook says. “I wanted to talk.”Taehyung sits up straighter, nods. “Me too but you first.”Jungkook takes a breath, looks at Taehyung sitting across from him. His eyes are tired but he’s still beautiful--the blue of his denim jacket setting off the color of his skin that is like milk spilling into coffee, eyes browner than usual in the sunlight, eyebrows furrowed ever-so slightly.“I’m sorry about everything,” Jungkook begins. “I don’t think you’ve noticed this but I’ve been in love with you for a while--for around four years--”Taehyung opens his mouth to say something but Jungkook holds his hand up.--”please let me finish or I’ll never start again. This isn’t a confession in the normal way because I’m not proposing anything or propositioning you or asking for anything in return because I know that you don’t feel the same way and if you insist that you do, I’ll turn you down because I’ll know you’re lying. For a long time, I called myself a coward because I didn’t make a move all those years ago when even you and Hoseok were just friends but that last time when we--you know--I realized maybe it’s just because I knew that you just weren’t in love with me.”“You’re an extremely attractive person, Jungkook--”“I know.” Jungkook smirks, takes a sip from  his cup of coffee. “But that’s beside the point. The point being I’m in love with you and you don’t love me back and I took advantage of you when you were lonely. There’s no excuse for that and sometimes I wake up and I’m angry at you, angry at Hoseok, angry at the whole damn world, but really I think I’m mostly angry at myself. I’m sorry for the damage I dealt to your relationship and to our friendship. I’m hoping it can be like before all this but even if it can’t, then I’m hoping that at least we can work together on your album. I let you down there too. We don’t have to see each other, we can do everything through e-mail or Skype call because it’s tearing me up a little inside even now to be honest, but I value you as a musician. And if you no longer want me as your producer, then I’ll work something out with Namjoon.”Taehyung considers this, mixing the rest of the melted ice cream in with the espresso using a teaspoon. “Okay. My turn. I don’t know what I was thinking because I wasn’t. I’m still in love with Hoseok and I’m starting to accept that maybe I always will be, at this point, but I’m also starting to realize that maybe I need to learn how to be with myself. It always seemed simple to me growing up: get a job, get money, find someone who loves you, settle down. You know Hobi always used to talk about having time to “be with himself” and I never got that but I’m starting to.”Taehyung’s lip starts to quiver and Jungkook fights the impulse to lean in, to kiss him. Instead he looks out the window.“I don’t know who I am. I’m lost. I don’t know how to do things alone but I think I have to try. I’m sorry too, Jungkookie. In lots of ways,  I  took advantage of  you . I’m not as dense as most people think and in a way, I knew. On lots of occasions, I was curious--” he breaks into a smile, gestures at Jungkook--”I mean, how could I not be. But it was wrong of me to act on it. I should’ve said no, should’ve valued Hoseok, you, our friendship. If you’ll have me, for whatever small things that I have to offer, then I would love to keep you as my friend and my producer. I want to travel a bit, I hope that will be okay. But yes, please. Let’s work together.”When Jungkook looks back at him, they’re both smiling.“So,” Taehyung says, recrossing his legs. “Are you going to tell me why you look like someone threw you in the garbage disposal?”  Hoseok and Yoongi are sitting on the couch. Yoongi’s head is on Hoseok’s lap, Hoseok absentmindedly stroking his hair. They’re watching  Breakfast At Tiffany’s  with subtitles. Yoongi looks up at Hoseok, trying to see how he’ll react. This is one of Yoongi’s favorite movies but Hoseok hasn’t seen it.On screen, Holly Golightly throws the cat out of the car. Hoseok grimaces. His mouth is slightly agape, he leans forward slightly. His lips curl into a frown. Yoongi starts to get up. “We can stop the movie if it’s making you upset.”Hoseok leans forward further, keeping Yoongi reclined. “Shhh. Wait, I’m watching.”Yoongi watches Hoseok watching the screen. Paul Varjack is getting out of the car, saying  you know what’s wrong with you, Ms. Whoever You Are? You’re chicken. You’ve got no guts. You’re afraid to stick out your chin and say, Okay, life’s a fact. People   do   fall in love.  Yoongi’s vision suddenly gets blurry and for a minute he thinks he’s having a mild stroke and tries moving his face, his arm, when he realizes that it’s because Hoseok’s tears have fallen into his eyes. He tries to stand up to stop the movie but again, Hoseok pushes him back down, keeping his eyes trained on the screen. Rain starts to fall on the streets of New York City and Paul has caught up with  Holly who has caught up with the cat. Moon River starts to swell in the background, the camera zooming in to frame Paul and Holly as they lean in for their iconic kiss.Hoseok is sobbing as the credits start to roll. Finally, Yoongi sits up and this time Hobi doesn’t stop him because he’s too busy wiping his eyes with the sleeves of his pajama top. Yoongi stands up to get a glass of water from the kitchen and sets it down in front of Hoseok.“Drink.”Hoseok takes deep breaths, trying to calm himself. “Ah, that was so sad. But it was so good. And the ending was so beautiful.” He reaches for the water, drinks it slowly.“It’s a Hollywood classic,” Yoongi affirms. “It was also the first movie ever to shoot a kissing scene in the rain.”Hoseok puts the glass down. “Yoongi.”“Hobi?”“Which of us do you think is Holly and which of us is Paul Varjack?”Yoongi scoffs. “You’re definitely Holly.”Hoseok raises both eyebrows. “No,  you’re Holly.”“What? No. I’m the one who’s been chasing you all the time we’ve known each other.”“You weren’t chasing me,” Hoseok says, laughing.Yoongi blinks. “Wasn’t I?”Hoseok looks at him, brushes hair away from his eyes. “More like you were sleeping in my general area. Like Holly Golightly. Then Paul comes barging into her life and she just can’t shake him. You’re Min Holly. You’ll never shake me.” He grins triumphantly.Yoongi rolls his eyes. “I’ve stopped trying.” Namjoon and Seokjin sit on the sofa, both dressed in their favorite suits, glasses of champagne sitting beside the laptop on their coffee table. They’d just finished Skype calling their families--Seokjin’s mom cried, Namjoon’s little sister screamed so loud they had to mute her for a few seconds--and now it was time to tell the rest of their friends.Earlier in the afternoon, Seokjin had written out a list and now they’re down to the last four people: those closest to them and also the ones who they’d been dreading calling. Both a little drunk now, as every call had warranted a toast and therefore a refill, they sigh against each other before clicking  Call  on the window labelled  MIN YOONGI PROD (FRIEND).  He answers after three rings. He’s on his cellphone.“Yoongi!”Seokjin exclaims.“What?”“Wait--are you wearing pajamas?”“I’m hanging up.”“Wait!” Namjoon interrupts. “Is Hoseok with you?”“Yeah, wait. Hobi! These men from the FBI want to talk to you.”Seokjin rolls his eyes.Hobi appears in the frame a few seconds letter, laughing. “Why are you guys dressed like that?” He peers closer. “In your own house?”Seokjin and Namjoon look at each other. “We have some news.”“You’re getting married.” Yoongi says.Hoseok laughs, hits Yoongi on the arm. “They’re not getting--” He stops short.Seokjin and Namjoon look at each other, pick up their glasses and clink them together. Seokjin holds out his hand to show off the ring.“Oh shit.” Yoongi says. Hoseok screams so loud that Namjoon drops his glass, spilling champagne on the carpet. On screen, Yoongi is saying something about decibels. Seokjin curses, already on the hunt for paper towels.  They’re getting ready for bed. Yoongi’s brushing his teeth. He looks at Hoseok in the mirror; he’s patting his face dry with a washcloth. Their eyes meet in the mirror. It’s only 11:00 but Hoseok has been insisting they head to bed early almost everyday on the premise of Yoongi’s wounds needing to heal--usually Yoongi would protest but when there was a kiss from Hoseok hanging in the balance, he would shut his eyes tight and sleep for centuries if he had to.“I can’t believe they’re getting married,” Hoseok says.Yoongi gargles, spits into the sink. “I can.”Hoseok laughs. “Oy, you’re crazy. You stole their thunder.”Yoongi shrugs. “I didn’t think that’s what they were going to say; I thought it was about the album.”“Fair enough.” Hoseok puts the washcloth in the hamper. “Hey, let me look at your wounds.”Yoongi’s heart starts to beat faster.  I’m healed,  he thinks.  I really am, I promise. Hoseok steps closer, tilts Yoongi’s face upward to check. Hoseok turns Yoongi’s face slightly to the left. “Hrrrm.” Yoongi tries not to look at him but his gaze flits over Hoseok’s face just quickly enough to catch him lick his lips. A bead of sweat starts to form on the small of Yoongi’s back. Hoseok traces his jaw with a finger.“Jeezus. So am I okay or not?”Hoseok grins. “Why are you so impatient?”Yoongi rolls his eyes.“Okay, okay. Hold on. Just one more thing--” slowly, Hoseok brings Yoongi’s face back center so he has no choice but to look into his eyes. Yoongi feels a flip in his stomach like a plane taking off or the first rumblings of snow falling off of the highest peaks to become an avalanche that covers everything.Hoseok lets his eyes linger on Yoongi’s, drinking in their exact shade of deep brown (hazelnut, mahogany, fire seen through a film) before travelling down his nose, his cheeks and the flush that covers them, scarlet like a drop of red wine in a glass of milk. His gaze lands on Yoongi’s lips, slightly parted, holding still for him to inspect. He touches them gently with the tips of his fingers and he feels the rhythm of Yoongi’s breathing against them.“They’re fine, I think.” Hoseok’s voice comes out more breathless than he expects.“Yeah?” Yoongi licks his lips.“Definitely.” Slowly, like pressing a flower between the pages of a book, Hoseok presses his lips against Yoongi’s. Before his eyes flutter shut he sees the look of pleasant surprise on Yoongi’s face. Yoongi’s lips are soft, warm. Hoseok feels Yoongi smiling into the kiss and decides it’s the most wonderful feeling in the world.When they pull apart they’re both grinning. For a moment, they just stand watching each other. Yoongi looking at Hoseok: dimples like stars in the night sky, eyes bright with laughter. Hoseok looking at Yoongi: smile wider than a clear summer sky, the color in his cheeks reminds him of mangoes kissed by the sun.Yoongi moves back a little to brace himself on the bathroom counter with one hand. Hoseok catches his elbow.“You okay?”Yoongi grabs the sleeve of Hoseok’s sweater, pulling him close so that their lips brush when he talks. “For the love of god.”At that, a sly smile replaces concern on Hoseok’s face. He puts a hand on the back of Yoongi’s neck, the other on his hip, and pulls him in for a kiss, this time more sure, more certain. Yoongi leans into it, his hands around Hoseok’s waist. They open their mouths at the same time, tongues meeting in the space created by the kiss. Yoongi’s heart is thundering in his chest. Hoseok tastes like Jasmine Tea mingled with a sweetness he can’t quite place. Hoseok takes Yoongi’s lower lip into his mouth, licks it slowly, up and down, left to right. For once in his life Hoseok wants to take his time. Yoongi’s lips taste like honey, sugar--he’s never had a sweet tooth but he could do this forever.It’s Yoongi who breaks the kiss but only to move his mouth onto Hoseok’s neck, kissing slowly from the ear lobe to the hollow of his throat. Yoongi smiles, hearing Hoseok’s breath hitch. There he licks along Hoseok’s Adam’s apple before moving to kiss him on the mouth again. Hoseok’s fingers trace the waistband of Yoongi’s pajamas, lightly brushing the skin in a way that makes the hair on the back of Yoongi’s nape stand. Hoseok steps so that he has Yoongi up against the countertop, pins him by leaning his hips against his, slipping his leg between Yoongi’s. He undoes the rest of Yoongi’s buttons, slips the top off of him. He kisses Yoongi’s shoulders, fingers tracing the skin around his nipples until he’s sure they’re both sensitive. Yoongi starts to moan--softly, deeply, lifting his chest up to Hoseok’s mouth, running his hands over Hoseok’s hair, nape.Hoseok teases Yoongi’s nipples by licking them slowly until they’re stiff, slick. “Feel good?” Yoongi presses his hips harder in response, his hands squeezing Hoseok’s ass. Hoseok feels the growing buldge in Yoongi’s pants and starts to move: he grinds slowly, his own cock stiffening with every motion. He glances up at Yoongi whose mouth is agape with pleasure, shoulders lifted, his hands against the counter. Yoongi leans back, watching Hoseok, eyebrows furrowed, upper lip curled in concentration as his tongue draws circles. He pulls Hoseok to him by the chin and they fall into another deep kiss. Hoseok holds onto Yoongi’s hips so tight that his fingers dimple the tender skin. This time, it’s Hoseok who breaks away.“We should wait. Your wounds might reopen.”Yoongi frowns. “They won’t.”Hoseok grins, bringing his lips to Yoongi’s ear. “You don’t know how rough I can be, Yoongi-hyung.”Yoongi smirks, puts a hand on Hoseok’s nape, whispers back, “You don’t know how good I take, Hoseok-ah.” He’s slips a hand under Hoseok’s sweater, starts to piano-key his spine. Slowly, Yoongi brings his hand around, sliding it into Hoseok’s pants. He rubs his palm against Hoseok’s erection, fingers lingering on the head, tugging on the fabric of his underwear for more friction. Hoseok moans into his hair.“But--”Yoongi slips his hand under Hoseok’s underwear, looks him in the eye. “Please, Hobi-ah. Please, please. Hyung’s been thinking of you for so long, Hobi-ah.”“Hrm.” Hoseok says in mock contemplation. “How much do you want it Yoongi-hyung?”Yoongi wraps his hand around Hoseok’s length, applying extra pressure at the base, loosening to brush the tip gently. In a swift motion, Hoseok’s taken Yoongi’s hands, pinned them back on the counter. He gives him a once-over, shakes his head.“Poor hyung.” Yoongi follows Hoseok’s gaze to his own crotch where pre-cum has soaked through his pajamas in a small, soft spot. Hoseok leans in, lifts him onto the counter. Yoongi watches with eager eyes, his heart racing. Gently, Hoseok pulls down Yoongi’s pajamas, underwear so that it pools above his knees. Hoseok grins, kisses Yoongi on the mouth before lowering himself, his lips gently onto Yoongi’s inner thighs. Yoongi moans, bringing his hands to Hoseok’s hair. Hoseok looks up, replaces Yoongi’s hands on the counter behind him. “Try not to move, hyung. If you move, I’ll stop.” Yoongi cries out as Hoseok starts licking along the underside of his length, lapping with his tongue before closing in around its entirety. He bobs his head slowly, using his lips to to create tension around the base until Yoongi is throbbing inside his mouth. Whe he reaches the back of Hoseok’s throat, Yoongi’s hips hitch up involuntarily. Hoseok disengages, taking a step back.Yoongi groans, watches Hoseok wipe a string of saliva from his lips. “Hoseok, I swear--”“Would you like to sleep now, Yoongi-hyung?” He pulls Yoongi’s pajamas back up.“No. No no no no--”“But I thought you moving meant you wanted me to stop. I thought you knew, Hyung.”Yoongi whines, unable to find the words this time.Hoseok leans over, kisses Yoongi chastely on the cheek. “Goodnight, Yoongi-hyung.”Yoongi feels like he’s going to break or melt or explode into a million pieces. “Hoseok-ah. Please.”“Please?” Hoseok repeats. “Please what? What do you want me to do for you, hyung?”Yoongi’s lips tremble a little. “Please fuck me.”Hoseok breaks into a grin, pulls Yoongi off the counter. “Come on.”They stumble into the bedroom, begin to discard clothing like shedding skin--Yoongi pulls Hoseok’s sweater off over his head, thinks of peering behind a cloud and undressing the night sky, illuminated, breath-taking. Hoseok slides Yoongi’s bottoms off, pulling them down all the way this time, reaching out a hand to help Yoongi step out of it like it is the sea and he is Venus being birthed. As they move to the bed, the moonlight hits Yoongi and Hoseok feels his heart pounding.“Wait. I’ll get the--you know--” Yoongi scampers to the dresser, pulls out a bottle of lube, puts it by the bed.Hoseok’s palms are sweating. He wants so badly to get this right--to do well, to fuck Yoongi like he’ll never forget, to make love as he loves. Hoseok sits up, pats his lap.“Sit here, Yoongi-hyung.”Yoongi crawls toward him slowly before sitting on his lap, his arms coming around Hoseok’s neck. Hoseok kisses neck, bringing a hand to Yoongi’s cock. “Where were we?”Yoongi moans, holding onto Hoseok tighter, trying not to rock against the motion, to fuck Hoseok’s hand into oblivion. Hoseok traces the line of Yoongi’s jaw with his tongue. “I’m so hard for you, Yoongi.” He rocks his hips up, his cock gliding between Yoongi’s cheeks.“Please, Hoseok-ah. Just--please. Please fuck me. I won’t move I promise.”“Promise? You’re not very good with promises though, Yoongi-hyung.”“I--I’ve changed. I’ll keep my promise, I swear.”Hoseok grins. “Okay, then.” He reaches for the lube, squeezes a liberal amount out on his fingers and moves Yoongi a little to create space. Slowly, he finds Yoongi’s hole with his free hand. “There we are.” He begins by tracing the rim with his index finger tentatively, feeling it flex against the tip.“So excited,” he murmurs, while rubbing his own cock on Yoongi’s thigh. With his free hand, he rubs Yoongi’s cock gently, rocking it against his palm. Yoongi whimpers into Hoseok’s neck as he inserts his finger slowly, carressing so as to cause the least pain.“Another one, please.” Yoongi’s lids are half-closed, his mouth curled into a soft o. “Please.”Hoseok obeys, slipping in his middle finger. Yoongi keens, clenching around Hoseok’s fingers. “Like it when I finger fuck you, Hyung?”Yoongi bites the lobe of Hoseok’s ear. “Please fuck me, Hobi-ah. Please. Hyung just wants you inside him.”Hoseok grins, kisses Yoongi’s neck before pulling his fingers out slowly. Yoongi feels Hoseok squirm underneath him, repositioning them so Yoongi is seated slightly off-center, leaning against the left side of Hoseok’s chest so that they can look into each other’s eyes. Their legs are in between one another. Yoongi runs his foot along the inside of Hoseok’s shin. Hoseok reaches down, pushes himself slowly into Yoongi. Yoongi breathes into the stretch, waits for the pain to give way to pleasure. Hoseok kisses him on the neck. “Relax.”Yoongi grins. “You relax.” He begins to roll his hips back against Hoseok.“Oh fuck.” Hoseok comes up to meet him, sweat starting to form between his chest and Yoongi’s back. He brings his free hand around Yoongi’s length again, mimicking their motion. Yoongi starts to move faster, more eagerly. He hums, raising his hips higher and coming back down to swallow Hoseok whole. They roll like a force of nature, like snow building momentum, going faster, harder until there is so much built up it becomes unstoppable.Yoongi comes first, spilling hot white heat onto Hoseok’s hands. He gasps, clenching around Hoseok’s solid desire as Hoseok’s hands refuse to stop emptying him out onto his thighs. Hoseok moves faster, breath so desperate with the need for release, he puts his fingers in his mouth, licking Yoongi’s cum. Like gasoline to fire, the taste of Yoongi on his hands drives him on, he goes faster, deeper in until he comes thundering like an avalanche, filling Yoongi, spilling out onto himself, uniting them in passion.Hoseok pulls out. Yoongi turns to face him, throws himself onto Hoseok. They’re grinning at each other. Hoseok leans in, rubs his nose against Yoongi’s. “That was incredible.” They lie down facing each other, looking into each other’s eyes.“You’re incredible,” Yoongi says and Hoseok beams. Yoongi strokes Hoseok’s hair, watching as he resists the urge to have his eyes flutter shut.“Yoongi?”“Mmm?”“Can I sleep in here tonight?”“What the hell were you doing sleeping on the couch anyway?”  
They ask for the bill. 

“So, yeah.” Jungkook turns to Taehyung, shrugging. “That’s how it ended pretty much. I still haven’t said sorry. I really don’t know how.” He grins. “I’m not good at being wrong.”

“Tsk. That’s what’s wrong with being the Golden PD.” Taehyung smirks and looks out the window at the gray evening sky, the lights in the building next door blinking on one by one. “So. Yoongi, huh. Are they--”

“--I think so but I’m not sure.” Jungkook looks away. “Can’t say it’s surprising if ever, though. Not to be hurtful but I always thought those two would end up doing something someday but I thought that if it was going to happen it would have already happened.”

Taehyung sighs. “Well. I can’t really argue with that, can I?”




Chapter End Notes
Ended up editing the ending because it felt incomplete.


Riptide
Chapter Summary
In which we get some soul-searching, shopping, a wedding, winter, a lot of dancing, and of course, character development. This is the last chapter technically but I'll be adding a couple of bonus one-shots in the coming weeks as follow-up fics in this series--among those is a bit from Namjin's honeymoon. :)
Chapter Notes
~ Updated: FIRST BONUS CHAPTER IS UP AS "OUR TOUCH WILL COLOR THE HOURS"! Linky here: https://goo.gl/mRyJtf ~Also, some versions of songs that I reference here (just for funsies cause these were the versions I had in mind when writing and you guys might find it enjoyable):A Thousand Years instrumental - https://goo.gl/42ZCjGLa Vie En Rose - https://goo.gl/ghU3nrMoon River - https://goo.gl/Ftn4kJSway - https://goo.gl/UXyBDD




Chapter 7: Riptide
 I don’t mind spending everyday
 Out on your corner in the pouring rain
 Look for the girl with a broken smile
Ask her if she wants to stay a while  From: Jeon Jungkook  <jeon.jungkook@corp.com>, to  me  on Monday, October 31 at 00:19Subject: Tidal WaveDear Taetae,Really enjoyed this last track. It’s really, really good even as a raw demo. Like the ambient sea sounds. What did you use? We can ask for permission/rights. Would you be amenable to dressing it up a little with piano? Want to leave out drums and other things but add some piano to ground it/provide some bass to the final track. Also, Happy Halloween!Let me know.Jungkook Jeon Jungkook 
Producer
CorpHits, Inc.Gangnam, Seoul, South Korea From: Kim Taehyung <kim.taehyung@corp.com>, to  me on Tuesday, November 1 at 07:09Re: Tidal WaveDear Jungkookie,Happy Halloween! Sorry for the late reply, yesterday I went to a party with some of my friends and there was a giant--get this--edible bunny at the entrance that you would have loved. I ate its ears after we had a few shots and started climbing it because it was melting. I couldn’t reply because my hands got dirty and I was lazy to wash until this morning.So happy that you enjoyed the track. I didn’t use any artificial sounds; recorded it on the balcony here in Bali so it picked up wave sounds. Do we need to ask permission for that? I can call the hotel to ask.Taehyungieeeee From: Jeon Jungkook  <jeon.jungkook@corp.com>, to  me on Tuesday, November 1 at 10:00Re: Tidal WaveHyung,Please wash your hands. You could get all kinds of diseases like that. You don’t know who else ate that chocolate or touched it with hands especially because they were drinking. Don’t touch your eyes.Also, NO NEED TO ASK PERMISSION FOR OCEAN SOUNDS HYUNG.Is Bali beautiful? I really want to go cliff diving after we wrap the album. So stressed right now. Namjoon is riding me and Yoongi like horses (sorry don’t mean to be dirty) esp with the wedding coming up; three albums assigned to each of us. This is the first time I’ve worked with Park Chim since we were trainees.I’ll send you the piano piece over the demo tonight.See u at the wedding?Jungkookie Jeon Jungkook 
Producer
CorpHits, Inc.Gangnam, Seoul, South Korea From: Kim Taehyung  <kim.taehyung@corp.com> , to  me on Thursday, November 3 at 23:00Re: Tidal WaNew TrackJoooooongkuuuuuuuk-ahhhhhBali was beautiful! I’m in Palawan now. Food is delicious. Tomorrow, we’re going to the waterfalls. I’m scared to jump but I’ll think of your courage and do my best. FIGHTINGGGGGG KIM TAEHYUNG! KIM TAEHYUNG! KIM TAEHYUNG! Sending a new track but I don’t know how to change the subject of the thread. It kept closing. I washed my hands before lunch anyway! And I didn’t get sick! Really loved the piano track. Reminds me of that time when we were trainees that we went to eat at place by the river (maybe that was a lot of times).Take care!TaehyungSEE U AT THE WEDDING OF COURSE “What do you think of this one?”Hoseok steps out of the dressing room into the foyer where the mirrors are. He’s chosen a dark silver suit with a very subtle houndstooth pattern running through it, the lapels crisp, silver cufflinks done up at the wrists.“Why do you look like that.” Yoongi is sitting with legs crossed on the couch in the first suit he’d tried on (Hoseok had kissed him after seeing him in it, so he decided it was good enough): a navy blue number with art-deco inspired gold threading. Like the Great Gatsby, Hoseok had said, running his hands over the lapels. So damn sexy, he said. Yoongi never wants to take the suit off.They’ve been walking around all day and he’s exhausted. Beside him are a pile of shopping bags--leather boots, scarves, and of course the wedding presents. They’d both gotten matching angora coats on a whim, Prussian blue for Hoseok and Ivory white for Yoongi (only because Hoseok had insisted) and were now looking for suits to go with. The numbers at the registers as they’d signed made Yoongi want to check his account balance right then and there--just to be sure. He’d never rolled his eyes so many times in one day. Of course, Namjoon and Seokjin had to have a Winter Wonderland wedding. Of course it was outdoor. Of course they didn’t want anyone wearing black and of course there would be a carriage ride through the freezing cold courtyard for all the members of the entourage after the reception--which would include a photo shoot which meant they couldn’t disobey whatever it was Princess Seokjin had listed in the e-mail.Hoseok looks at his reflection and Yoongi decides the cold is worth it to see him wear that suit. It hangs on him perfectly, like wind through a tree. Hoseok undoes the coat button and puts his hand in his pocket, shifting his weight from foot to foot, changing angles to see how it fits. He runs a hand through his hair, meets Yoongi’s eye in the mirror and Yoongi’s mouth goes dry. “Don’t act like that here.”Hoseok grins, dimples showing. “Act like what, Yoongi-hyung?”He’s smiling but Yoongi knows that look in his eye. Yoongi rolls his eyes. “If you’re going to be like that, you better be sure about that suit.”“Why? Are you planning to get it dirty?” He spins on his heel and starts walking toward Yoongi slowly.Yoongi looks up at him, runs his gaze over the perfectly pressed white shirt, the way the pants closed over his waist, the line of his hips. Yoongi licks his lips, glances nervously at the door. “Shouldn’t we lock it?” He can hear the sales staff outside, talking to a customer on the phone.Hoseok closes the gap between them, strokes Yoongi’s hair. “Don’t you think that’ll be a little bit obvious?”Yoongi clicks his tongue. “Ahhh you’re being difficult. Let’s wait until we get home.”Hoseok frowns. “But then we’ll have to put the outfits on  again . And I’ll be hungry for actual food.”Yoongi sighs. “After dinner, then.”“But Hyung,” he pleads, reaching down to un-cross Yoongi’s legs. “All these mirrors.”Yoongi opens his mouth to try and say something but it gets caught in his throat.“Hrm.” Hoseok looks at him contemplatively.“What?”“Are  you sure about that suit?”Yoongi raises an eyebrow. “Yes wh--”Hoseok gets to his knees slowly, working his hands up Yoongi’s thighs as he goes down. Yoongi’s hands clutch the couch, his eyes on Hoseok’s form, the way his muscles flex as he lowers himself between Yoongi’s legs. “So dapper,” Hoseok says, and leans forward, using his lips to undo the clasp on Yoongi’s pants.He smiles at Yoongi’s sharp intake of breath, the sight of him pressing further into the couch, his hips rolling upward. He tugs gently at Yoongi’s slacks so that they slip lower, undoing the crisp tuck of his shirt. His hands travel under Yoong’s shirt, fingers tracing circles on his back. He leans over, kissing the thin skin on the hollow of his hips, sucking to leave a small, purple bruise as he lifts his mouth. When Hoseok slips a hand around Yoongi’s half-hard erection through the fabric of his underwear, Yoongi finds himself throwing his head back, grinding into his palm. Hoseok grins at the sight of Yoongi’s Adam’s apple, chin lifted.“Yoongi-hyung?”“What?” Yoongi’s voice is deeper than usual--hoarse, breathless.“Will you look up for me?” Hoseok pulls Yoongi’s underwear down as his desire starts to strain against the fabric.“What?”“Look at yourself in the mirror, hyung.”Yoongi’s cheeks turn the color of strawberry milk. “But I--”Hoseok starts to lick the tip of Yoongi’s cock, tracing the head with his tongue. Yoongi moans through closed lips. “Just look at yourself, Yoongi-hyung.”Yoongi watches them reflected in the mirror, Hoseok on his knees, back straining against the dark, silver suit as his head bobs slowly, hair starting to stick to his nape. Yoongi sighs into the rhythm as Hoseok slides his cock into his mouth, keeping his tongue along the underside the whole time. He keeps his mouth loose, lazy, the light, wet touch driving Yoongi crazy. “Keep looking at yourself, babe. Look how good you look.” Hoseok keeps his eyes trained on Yoongi’s face as Yoongi watches himself in the mirror: dark hair plastered to his forehead, mouth open, eyes yearning, a line forming between his brows as he nears his climax.“I swear to god if you ruin this suit--” he starts, through gritted teeth.Hoseok grins, releases for a moment. “Have a little faith in me.” He takes Yoongi back in, this time tighter, closer, faster. Yoongi tilts his hips higher, still watching in the mirror--Hoseok’s head moves quicker as Yoongi starts to pull at his red hair, starts to roll his hips as well. Hoseok opens his mouth, setting his tongue free to caress, tease, and Yoongi curses under his breath, knows he’s done for. “Fuck--”Hoseok closes around Yoongi’s length just in time, slurping as Yoongi’s cum fills his mouth. Yoongi watches Hoseok’s throat as he swallows, sighs, finally allows himself to lean back against the sofa. Hoseok releases, replaces Yoongi’s underwear and fixes Yoongi’s shirt gently, tucks it into the slacks neatly before zipping up, closing the clasp at the top. He pushes the bags off of the couch, plops down and pulls Yoongi to him in a long, deep kiss.“You better not pull anything like that at the wedding,” Yoongi says after they pull apart.“Or what?” Hoseok says, hooking his pinky through Yoongi’s.Yoongi blinks at himself in the mirror and can’t really come up with an answer. Jungkook looks into the recording booth, holds his breath as Park Jimin sings the last line of what is going to be the title track for his upcoming album (to be released in June--a summer release). As the last riff of the song ends and the RECORD light, Jungkook straightens up and allows himself to breathe.“Finally,” he whispers into the mic connected to Jimin’s headset. “We. Are. Done.”In the booth, Jimin throws the headphones off, runs into the control room and gives Jungkook a huge hug. They jump up and down, the rest of the production and recording crew joining in. When the excitement dies down, Jimin asks everyone to gather around.“Thank you, everyone!” Jimin grabs the gigantic duffel bag he’s brought with him and pulls out small tote bags filled with chocolate, starts handing them out.The last, biggest bag he gives to Jungkook, bowing at a 90-degree angle. “Thank you, Jeon Jungkook.”“Stop that,” Jungkook says fondly, patting Jimin on the back. “And thank you too.”As Jungkook gets ready to drive home, he reaches into the bag Jimin gave him. HOPE CHOCOLATE one candy bar reads on the label. He curses to himself and tosses it back in the bag, starts the engine. He’s been having trouble sleeping and he doesn’t feel like thinking about that right now but still--every night before crossing the bridge, he passes the turn that leads to Yoongi’s house. He’s still hasn’t said sorry. It’s been something he’s tried to push out of his mind for the past couple of months to be able to concentrate on his work.  After the album,  he keeps saying to himself. At meetings, he’s seen Yoongi but never talked to him: he always looked too tired anyway, was always wearing a face mask under his cap so Jungkook could never tell if it was a good idea or not.  Yoongi-hyung,  Jungkook thinks with a pang of guilt.  He’ll never let me call him that again.  He shakes his head, tightens his grip on the wheel.  Idiot. It isn’t Yoongi you need to apologize to.  He crosses the bridge without taking the turn. Maybe at the wedding. Seokjin is upset. The rehearsal dinner is going to start in an hour and Namjoon  still  isn’t at the restaurant. Everything has been set up exactly as planned except the projector for the photo slideshow because Namjoon had borrowed it from the office. Seokjin hopes he didn’t forget; it was so like Namjoon to forget or--even worse--break the projector and come up with some haphazard plan to make it work. He glances at his reflection in the nearby window. For tonight he’d picked out a pastel pink number, a deeper blush bowtie, rose gold cufflinks.  You handsome son of a gun. Where is your fiance? When the door opens, he expects it to be Namjoon but it’s his mother with a bag filled with tupperwares of jajangmyeon. “To have later when you guys get home--you won’t have time to cook in the coming days.”  Where will I put this??  Seokjin takes the bags into the kitchen, asks the maitre’d if they can store it for him in the fridge. As he places the giant bag into the refrigerator, he hears the door open several times, the chimes ringing.  Namjoon definitely has to be there. “Ahhhh it’s so beautiful,” he hears Hoseok’s voice coming in through the door and sighs. Now he has to deal with the guests on his own--but on the upside maybe Hoseok will help him find a projector somewhere.Seokjin is about to push the door open when he hears the one voice he’s been waiting to hear the entire evening--”Hoseok-hyung, help me with this.” As soon as Seokjin lays eyes on him, his anger disippates. Namjoon is dressed in a mint-green suit that does up in a chinese collar with rose gold buttons to match Seokjin’s cufflinks. His hair has been newly shaved into an undercut and dyed honey brown, slicked back.“Namjoonieeee,” Seokjin calls out. “Where were you?”Namjoon turns around, trips on a wire and sends the projector flying out of his arms.Hoseok runs and lunges himself across the restaurant floor, catching the projector like a football before crashing into a nearby chair. Yoongi comes in right then and runs to Hoseok’s side, kneeling and taking the projector from him, putting it on the floor. Yoongi inspects him for cuts, bruises. “Don’t get up too fast! Does your head hurt? Do you feel nauseated or like you might vomit?”Hoseok shakes his head. “No, I didn’t really hit anything. I’m okay.”“I’m sorry, I’m so sorry,” Namjoon says.Yoongi turns around and glares at him. “Oy, be more careful, Namjoon-ah!” He turns to help Hoseok up.Seokjin comes over to lift the projector, puts it onto the table and starts connecting it to the laptop. Namjoon comes up behind him. Seokjin clicks his tongue. “Ah, what do I do about my future husband? He’s such a clutz.”Namjoon reaches over, resting his chin on Seokjin’s shoulder as he clicks a file on the computer. “He’s so good at making audio visual slideshows though.”The projector goes live and on screen, baby pictures start to flash to the tune of The Beatles’  Hey Jude : Namjoon at four years old wearing overalls and holding a teddy bear, Seokjin at eleven wearing a chef’s hat while holding a tray full of lego--followed by photos of them as a couple, polaroids from the early years when they were trainees: Seokjin’s hair was black with red undertones and he still wore his hoop earring they all hated and Namjoon thought it was a good idea to have his hair curled and to wear 50s-style shades everywhere (even indoors). Old company photos start to appear: from when they thought no one knew about them so they would stand rigidly apart in all their photos together (in these ones Namjoon had taken the liberty of photoshopping a dozen hearts into the spaces between them)--at this point, Hoseok walked toward the corner of the room, turned off the lights before going to stand behind Yoongi, bringing his arms around his shoulders and leaning against him so half his face was buried in Yoongi’s hair. More memories flashed: Seokjin with Namjoon’s family, Seokjin at Namjoon’s birthday surprise two years ago, the two of them in different tourist attractions--in front of the Eiffel tower, on the Golden Gate bridge, on a white-sand beach in Malaysia, under cherry blossom trees in Japan. Seokjin smiles, softening in Namjoon’s arms. “Those blossoms reminded me of you,” Namjoon says in his ear.“I know.” Seokjin whispers back.Lastly comes pictures from last summer when their whole group who’d trained together (some who ended up pursuing careers as idols, most of them who hadn’t) had gone to the mountains for the Chuseok holidays--the final photograph from the set is a group photo of all of them standing in front of the van they’d rented: Taehyung and Hoseok with their arms around each other, Yoongi sitting on the floor cross-legged, smiling a rare gummy smile, Jungkook with his head sticking out of the open passenger’s side window, Seokjin and Namjoon seated in the center of the photograph, forming a heart-shape with their arms raised, Jimin sitting between them pretending to be their love child with his eyes closed, hands up in peace-signs.Yoongi tenses up as the photograph fades out. He feels an odd pang he hasn’t felt in the last few months--jealousy, he thinks, naming it. He’d almost forgotten about Taehyung, that Hoseok had once (not-so-long-ago) lived somewhere else, wasn’t there for Yoongi to hold at night or to kiss in the mornings. It makes his heart ache.“You okay?” Hoseok whispers in his ear, sensing the pinch in Yoongi’s shoulders.Yoongi nods, letting his breath out slowly. “M’okay.”Hoseok, too, is looking at the screen with tears threatening to well up in his eyes. He starts feeling a deep sadness for everything they’d lost in the past year, their small group of friends ripped apart so quickly, caught in the riptide of something none of them quite understood. He leans in to smell Yoongi’s hair, the berry shampoo he always uses sending a wave of comfort rushing through him.  But you’re here where you belong, he thinks and tightens his arms around Yoongi, hoping he gets the message. “I love you,” he whispers--just in case.Yoongi stays still for a while, watching more photos on the screen, wondering what it would be like if one day, he and Hoseok-- “I love you too,” he says, pushing the thought away in case he jinxes it, and leans back into the embrace. Taehyung’s plane lands at exactly 17:54 KST, day before the wedding. He hasn’t been home in almost half a year but as soon as he catches a whiff of the air outside, everything that happened back in July comes rushing back. The snow is falling outside, blanketing everything in white, turning the whole world ivory. Will I survive this? Have I matured enough for this?  He takes a deep breath as he walks to the entrance to hail a cab. He climbs in, gives the driver the address on his phone. Kim Taehyung, vagabond--who would have thought?  Life is full of surprises.  He grins to himself, watching the mountains roll by as the cab makes its way into Seoul. He wonders what the next day will bring: he thinks about Namjoon and Seokjin promising each other their entire lives, all of them reuniting for the first time in almost a year. Finally his thoughts settle like dust on Yoongi and Hoseok, and something lurches in his chest.  I’m happy for you guys,  he practices in his mind.  I’m so happy for you both.  He says it until the cab gets to Jimin’s house and Taehyung thinks he might just mean it. Hoseok’s promise not to cry lasts about ten minutes. By the time they walk down the aisle behind Namjoon and he catches a glimpse of the expression on his face while waiting for Seokjin, he is already finding it difficult to breathe. Now, as the music swells to an instrumental string-and-piano version of Clapton’s  You Look Wonderful Tonight , Yoongi can see Hoseok’s bottom lip quivering. He squeezes his hand.The venue they’ve picked out is amazing, even Yoongi has to admit. It’s a glass hall with high ceilings so that it looks like snow is parting over them. The entrance has a giant doorway with ivory double-doors that are the only opaque things in the whole place. The ceremony begins at five in the afternoon; the pink sunset filters through the snow and everything is alight, awash with colour. The seats are embellished with string lights that hold bulbs of different shapes and sizes so that they look like small, bright stars. The flowers that hang from the ceiling and creep onto the side of the walls are a combination of stark white moonflowers and violet-tipped hanging orchids that Yoongi identifies immediately as  Aerangis ; he’s tried to grow some in his house a couple of times without success.When Seokjin’s parents walk down the aisle, Namjoon starts taking deep breaths, straightens his white tux. They bow to each other, Seokjin’s mom kissing his cheek before they sit down. The music stops. The big Ivory doors have been drawn shut. Jungkook stands for a moment from where he’s seated at the piano to wait for the signal from the wedding planner, nodding before sitting back down. When he gives the signal by playing the first few notes, the violins begin their rendition of Christina Perri’s  A Thousand Years  and slowly, the entire archway lights up with fairy lights. All the guests stand. The white double-doors begin to swing open. Hoseok is holding Yoongi’s hand so hard now, Yoongi starts to worry about circulation. When the doors open, Seokjin is standing in a pearlescent suit with a single moonflower in the lapel. In his ear is a single, pink diamond stud to match his engagement ring. His hair’s been parted to the side in the style of old hollywood, a small smile on his face.Namjoon’s heart thunders in his chest.  What did I do to deserve this? As Seokjin walks down the aisle slowly, looking at him with that small smile, a faint flush on his cheeks, Namjoon swears that anytime now he’s going to wake up from this dream and it will be years ago when he was lonely and didn’t have this beautiful man sleeping beside him every morning.Seokjin’s heart is threatening to jump from his chest and onto the pale blue carpet. Namjoon looks incredible; Seokjin can’t help but smile, can feel himself blushing as he gets closer to the front of the room. Namjoon’s tux is cut perfectly to size, has a cravat like perfect whipped cream, fastened with a pale pink clasp at his throat. His hair is swept back, his jaw set firm but now that he’s closer, Seokjin can see Namjoon is fighting back tears. Seokjin takes a deep breath as he takes the last step and Namjoon offers him his arm.“You look wonderful,” Namjoon whispers, prepared for Seokjin’s signature  I know. “You too.” Seokjin is blushing because Namjoom is blushing. Taehyung is unabashedly crying, tears spilling down his cheeks. He wipes them away with the sleeve of his pale blue suit, clears his throat.“Dearly Beloved,” he begins. “I’m not a priest or a minister or really any authority on marriage or commitment--” he glances at Hoseok, so handsome in his silver suit as Yoongi dabs at his tears with his handkerchief and his voice threatens to quit on him again but he continues--”all the power vested in me comes from one place: friendship. Namjoon-hyung and Seokjin-hyung are two of the dearest friends anyone could have. They’re the backbone of our group of friends and also the backbone of each other. I’ve seen Namjoon-hyung try to cook chicken soup without burning the house down and Seokjin-hyung try to carry a whole supply cabinet of cooking materials into Namjoon-hyung’s old apartment. I’ve seen them fret over birthday surprises and anniversary presents and all I can say is that these two will do anything for each other. An old saying Namjoon-hyung is fond of goes  love is friendship on fire ; that is definitely true for the two love birds standing in front of us. We are honored to be gathered here today to witness this solemn ceremony as they vow to love each other for the rest of their lives.”Jimin comes forward, holding the white gold bands on a small pillow. Taehyung hands the microphone to Namjoon.“Seokjin, I think you already know how I feel.” He gestures to the entire hall. “But in case you didn’t know, all of this is for you. When we first met, you told me that you weren’t sure you were cut out for this business--that you didn’t enjoy the long hours of waiting around and doing the same things over and over again, that even after we didn’t end up debuting as artists, you found the meetings gruelling and the bargaining a chore. I’m not sure if you remember but one night in Colorado, after a terrible tour where we got in a fist fight with the manager of a group from another company, you had too much to drink and I asked you why you still kept working if you hated it so much and you turned to me and said, “Who would feed you Kim Namjoon?” Here, Namjoon pauses, takes a deep breath.Tears are building up in Seokjin’s eyes. Namjoon hands him a handkerchief.“I’m such a selfish person,” Namjoon says, now on the verge of tears himself. “And so many times, I’ve been thinking  I don’t deserve you , so many times I’ve been thinking you deserve someone more thoughtful, someone who you can cook with or who isn’t always busy with work, someone who won’t keep you up at night wondering if they forgot to turn off the gas or unplug the electric kettle. But I’m still selfish after all these years and just the thought of being without you makes me feel like hurling myself into the sea, so here we are. It isn’t much but I promise you all of me, for as long as you’ll have me, which I’m hoping is until there is none of me left.”Namjoon slides the ring on Seokjin’s fourth finger, right above the engagement ring. Seokjin reaches over, wipes a tear from Namjoon’s cheek.“Why do you say things like that? You, of all people, know how much I struggled with all of that and I don’t know why you can’t see that you were the oasis in my desert of a life. Sometimes, I think all I did was settle for things--settle for the audition, for trying to debut, for failing at debuting, for managing accounts, for trying to appease artists and management. When I met you, it was like finally being able to laugh again. And you always talk about philosophers and different sayings, different things people wrote or said or did yet you never see how much the things you say, do, write matter. So. How about you have me all my life? And I’ll finally be able to say that there’s one thing I didn’t just settle for, something I fought for tooth and nail.” He slips the ring onto Namjoon’s finger. Namjoon doesn’t let go.They look at Taehyung. He’s sobbing, pawing at tears running down his cheeks.“Taehyung!” Seokjin gives him a sharp look.He takes a deep breath. “I now pronounce you one flesh, one body, one soul, one life--”Seokjin steps forward, grabs Namjoon by the nape and pulls him into a long kiss. Namjoon grins, grabs Seokjin tightly, dipping him back. When they pull apart, Seokjin looks up at Namjoon, lifts a hand to stroke his cheek. “If you drop me, I’ll kill you.” Hold me close and hold me fast
 The magic spell you cast
This is la vie en rose“The really great thing,” Taehyung is telling Jungkook as they sit watching Seokjin and Namjoon dance their first dance as a married couple to Jimin’s rendition of  La Vie En Rose . “Is that they both already have the same last name. It’s like destiny. It’s like--so you won’t legally let us marry? Well fuck you, heteronormative society, we already are!”Jungkook laughs. “You could be their kid. Maybe they’ll adopt you and you won’t have to live on Jimin’s couch.”Taehyung rolls his eyes until only the whites show. “Maybeeee.”“But seriously,” Jungkook says, clapping a hand on Taehyung’s shoulder. “How are you holding up? Especially with you know--”“--I’m happy for them,” Taehyung says quickly and reaches for his shot of soju resting on the table.Jungkook nods, knows Taehyung is lying.When you kiss me heaven sighs
 And though I close my eyes
I see la vie en rose.“And you? How are you?”“Okay,” Jungkook says. “I have something that I have to do but it’s difficult.”“You and I both,” Taehyung says.Jungkook pours himself a shot. “Cheers, hyung.” At the next table, Yoongi is leaning against Hoseok, their hands intertwined. Yoongi is still emotional over the ceremony: the snow and the vows and everything was perfect. He’d seen people get married before--relatives, colleagues, people he knew in college--but never had he actually thought of it as something personal, something that happened the way a first kiss happened. Hoseok is staring at the dance floor, exhausted from all the crying.When you press me to your heart
 I'm in a world apart
 A world where roses bloom
 And when you speak, angels sing from above 
Everyday words seem to turn into love songsHe rests his head on top of Yoongi’s, wonders how it would be for them in the future--if, in case--he stops himself, doesn’t want to jinx it. It would be in the summer, he thinks. So that they could wear loose clothing. Or in the fall so he could wrap Yoongi in a white scarf, smoosh his face for the kiss.
 Give your heart and soul to me
And life will always be la vie en rose . 
“Do you want to dance?” Yoongi asks.Hoseok smiles. “Wow.  You initiating dancing.”“Love makes you do stupid things--” Yoongi grumbles under his breath.They make their way to the dance floor, hand in hand. Hoseok leads, offering Yoongi his hand, slipping an arm around his waist. Yoongi smiles, his cheeks turning pink. He suddenly becomes aware that he’s staring at the way Hoseok’s hair is parted slightly off to the side, the way that his eyes look in the light, the way that the silver offsets the color of his skin. He also becomes aware of the fact that he isn’t embarrassed at all because Hoseok is looking back at him the same way, biting back a smile.The song ends, slipping into a new one--the strings turn lighter, someone plucks an acoustic guitar. Jimin’s voice croons.Moon river, wider than a mile
 I'm crossin' you in style some day
 Old dream maker, you heartbreaker
Wherever you're goin', I'm goin' your wayHoseok spins Yoongi out, stepping in time to catch him, lead them in a waltz--one, two, three. His heart flutters when he sees the expression on Yoongi’s face: delight rinsed in surprise. He lets his eyes linger on Yoongi’s smile, the way his nose crinkles a little as if his face has to be prepared to laugh, the way the gold details in his suit bring out the brown of his eyes. As he brings him close, intertwining their fingers, he closes his eyes, begins to sing along:Two drifters, off to see the world
 There's such a lot of world to see
 We're after the same rainbow's end, waitin' 'round the bend
My huckleberry friend, Moon River, and me  Jimin joins them at the table when the song ends and the quartet takes over. He sits between Jungkook and Taehyung, clapping them on the shoulder.“What a night.”“Tell me about it,” Taehyung says. “I’m never officiating a wedding again.”"I'll drink to that," Jimin agrees.They laugh. Jungkook grabs a third shotglass, pours for Jimin. “Cheers.”Their eyes land on Hoseok and Yoongi who’ve broken into a waltz. “Hoseok-hyung can really dance,” Jimin says. “It even makes Yoongi-hyung look graceful.” He glances at Taehyung. “Sorry.”Taehyung waves it off with a hand. “Ah, well.”“Are you guys ready for the photoshoot later?” Jimin asks quietly. On the dancefloor, Hoseok spins Yoongi around and Yoongi laughs, a sound that reverberates across the room. Hoseok grins, pulls Yoongi in. Their laughter mingles, the orchestra breaks into a livelier tune reminiscent of the jazz era. Hoseok begins a fast step, guiding Yoongi through the footwork.Taehyung smiles to himself. “Ah, well,” he says again.  I’m happy for them --and he means it.Jungkook sets his glass down on the table, stands up, buttons his suit.“Where are you going?” Jimin asks, worry lacing his tone.“To set things right.” He walks toward the band and then “May I cut in?”The song ends and Yoongi turns to see Jungkook standing beside them. He’s gesturing to Hoseok, asking Yoongi’s permission. He turns and catches Hoseok’s eye  is this okay? Hoseok nods ever-so-slightly but Yoongi catches the gesture. He lets go of Hoseok’s hand, makes to head back to the table.“I’m watching you."Jungkook nods. “I understand.”Jungkook turns to Hoseok, bowing slightly, offering him his hand. Hoseok takes it, allowing Jungkook to lead him in as the music begins, piano tip-toeing as the cello and violin swelling.When marimba rhythms start to play
 Dance with me, make me sway
 Like a lazy ocean hugs the shore
Hold me close, sway me moreHoseok smiles despite himself, catches on quickly, feet adapting to the rhythm. He lets the flare of his suit work as he turns, hips snapping to the rhythm of the bass drum. Jungkook steps back, spins Hoseok out, arm extended. Like a flower bending in the breeze 
 Bend with me, sway with ease 
 When we dance you have a way with me  
Stay with me, sway with meHoseok perfects the turn and together they step out, only touching at the fingertips now, dancing  around  rather than  with , steps in sync although varied. Jungkook shakes his head, grins, remembers how much he loved to perform way back when. I can hear the sounds of violins  
  Long before it begins As the next verse comes in, they switch and Hoseok takes the lead, taking Jungkook’s hands as they spin, the marimba guiding every move, their feet pointing out at the same time when the song breaks. Make me thrill as only you know how  
  Sway me smooth, sway me now When the song ends, they stand as they had begun--facing each other, Jungkook’s palm outstretched, Hoseok’s hand lightly over it. He bows again.“Hoseok-ssi,” he says, not getting up. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry for everything.”His voice cracks on the last syllable, a tear slipping down his cheek. When Hoseok doesn’t say anything, Jungkook feels a sob starting to build in his chest, threatening to get out. He sees something being held out to him--a handkerchief.“Don’t let anyone see you cry, Golden PD-nim.” Jungkook finally looks up, taking the handkerchief.Hoseok is smiling. “Let’s go. It’s time for the photoshoot.” They arrange themselves outside, in the snow, posing with a horse-drawn carriage. Namjoon and Seokjin have had a little too much to drink and have clambered onto the coach. Someone has given Seokjin a silver tiara and Namjoon a silver sceptre. Jungkook has climbed onto the horse, taking the reigns in jest. Yoongi and Hoseok lean against the cart, arms linked. Taehyung and Jimin stand behind Namjoon and Seokjin, forming two sides of a heart.The cameraman begins to count, they all try to hold still. Yoongi looks at Hoseok, the snow falling in his hair, onto his coat. Hoseok looks back at Yoongi, brushes away a stray strand of hair. The camera clicks and on impulse, Hoseok leans in for a warm, long kiss that Yoongi swears could last him the winter.




Afterword


End Notes
BTW, Twitter @teenuviel1227 :)


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



