



i am flesh bones - knotting - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

i am flesh, bones
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/19184386.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Graphic Depictions Of Violence, No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Kim Namjoon | RM/Min Yoongi | Suga
Character:
Kim Namjoon | RM, Min Yoongi | Suga, the rest are mentioned
Additional Tags:
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics, Non-Traditional Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics, Alpha/Alpha, Breeding, Dom/sub, ABO is stupid, Alpha Kim Namjoon | RM, Alpha Min Yoongi | Suga, Bottom Kim Namjoon | RM, Top Min Yoongi | Suga, Kim Namjoon Is Complex, BDSM Scene, Biting, Mating Bites, Sexual Violence, not that much actually..., Wrestling, Kim Namjoon | RM is a Brat, Roughhousing, Oops?, Creampie, Knotting
Series:
Part 1 of
BTS KINK BINGO 2019
Collections:
BTS Kink Bingo 2019
Stats:

        Published: 2019-06-28
          Completed: 2019-11-30
          Chapters: 2/2
        Words: 7977
      

i am flesh, bones
by knotting
Summary
“i’m gunna breed you so fuckin’ good,” he purrs, nibbling at the sensitive spot of namjoon’s mating bite. he smiles wickedly against the younger’s skin at the dirty sound namjoon makes. “i’m gunna breed you so fucking good they’re all gunna be able to smell me on you for weeks.”namjoon wants to feel like he's himself again. so he asks yoongi to breed him.




i am skin, soul
Chapter Notes
hello!just want to give quick warning that this first chapter includes some edgeplay? i guess you'd call it that... they fight as foreplay alright? and at some points, it may sound like namjoon doesn't want yoongi to do certain things, but they discussed it in depth prior. everything is 100% consensual.this fic, as a whole, is my first entry for the bts kink bingo 2019; it fills the breeding slot!(spoiler: the breeding only happens in the second chapter.)this fic is unbetaed, so please forgive any redundancies or grammar mistakes.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




yoongi thinks it’s almost comical with how much namjoon lets him get away with. sure, they’ve known each other for eight years: hated each other for one, been friends for two, pinned over each other for additional two, very painful and long years, and finally, been dating for three. namjoon is quite possibly one of the people that know him inside out, the other people being yoongi’s mom and maybe hoseok if he’s paying attention. so, it doesn’t really come as much of a surprise to why namjoon lets yoongi do his thing, with maybe an eye-roll, or sometimes just a really unimpressed look plastered on his face. yoongi knows that when they’re behind closed doors, namjoon will be more than just passive-aggressive, and will actually bring his behaviour up and try to coax yoongi into talking about it, like responsible adults. it's impressive really, that even after all these years, he still hasn’t given up on it. so when yoongi, tired out of his mind, nips at namjoon’s scent gland in front of their group of friends, out of pure habit, and he feels more than hears namjoon’s growl through the skin between his teeth, it makes yoongi frown. namjoon isn’t one to partake in what he defines as “superfluous” alpha behaviour. most people, if they hadn’t been able to smell him, would assume he’s a beta, by the way his overall aura and behaviour don’t fully portray his actual status. when he had presented, yoongi had been there. yoongi had been there to see namjoon’s breakdown, his battle and internal turmoil with what his status meant, what he was supposed to represent to society, and who kim namjoon actually was, as a person. yoongi had been there as his (barely) older alpha hyung, to try and help him understand and accommodate into what he thought, at the time, was a respectable social etiquette. years later, when yoongi mated namjoon for the first time, and namjoon mated him back, yoongi finally realized that: it didn’t fucking matter. social status or not, it didn’t change anything to what they were, or whatever they were meant to be. so, when namjoon’s growl grows only louder, the longer yoongi stays by the crook of his neck, yoongi starts to worry. not because of the fact that they’re in public, or that he’s scared he might have to wrestle namjoon, but because he knows namjoon will be upset. no matter the outcome, namjoon will be upset. he growled at his mate, for something as stupid as nipping at his neck in public. the instincts he had fought so hard to tame over the years, all vanished in mere seconds. yoongi being at his neck, by his scent gland is a regular occurrence in the privacy of their apartment, as namjoon enjoys being scented as much as the next guy. namjoon likes when yoongi bites him, and sometimes, shows the younger alpha his place, but it is exclusively something they keep inside their house. never once, except in actual physical fights from the time they hated each other, had yoongi bitten namjoon in public. and never once, had namjoon growled, after taking the decision to not give in into his instincts. though, no one other than yoongi and namjoon seem to realize. they're all still enthralled with the conversation going around, used to having the couple in their own world, casually diving in back into the conversation to comment. yoongi simply moves away from namjoon’s neck, relieved to hear the younger's growl dying down quickly. it's barely a quiet rumble when yoongi takes a look at namjoon’s face, who has his eyes closed and brows furrowed. “sorry.” namjoon whispers, turning his head to look anywhere else but yoongi’s face, exposing his neck in the process. usually, yoongi would admire the sight of his bite right over the junction between namjoon’s collarbone and his neck, namjoon having forgone the usual patch he wears to hide it, because they were lounging around with their friends in their house. instead, yoongi brings his hand up to pull namjoon’s gaze to his own. “it’s okay.” yoongi mumbles, dragging his hand down from namjoon’s face to his neck, squeezing it. “you’re alright.” yoongi pretends to not notice how namjoon goes slack for a second under his hold. pretends to not notice the look seokjin sends their way, the other alpha having smelled the distress in the air. the topic is only brought up by namjoon when they’re brushing their teeth before heading to bed, hours after their friends have left, seokjin’s questions with them. “i’m sorry for,” namjoon reiterates, mouth full of toothpaste, brushing his teeth at maximum speed, words coming out jumbled together and barely intelligible. “for this afternoon.” it takes a few seconds for the information to really register in yoongi’s already half-asleep brain, for him to blink at the reflection of his boyfriend in the mirror and muster a confused sound before he remembers and his expressions melts. “don’t worry about it, joon-ah.” yoongi says after he spits out the toothpaste and rinses out his brush, watching his boyfriend rinse his own brush and reach out for the moisturizer inside their cabinet. “it’s fine, i shouldn’t have bitten you.” yoongi flicks the water off of his brush towards the bowl, putting it back at its place. he rubs at his eyes and stretches, bringing his left hand back down to the small of namjoon’s back, a silent reassurance. he kisses namjoon’s shoulder lightly before leaving namjoon in the bathroom to finish his skincare. yoongi is almost asleep, back turned to namjoon, when he hears namjoon mutter, almost silently, like it was meant for himself only. “no, it’s not.” it takes namjoon a whole three days, to come back to yoongi and finally talk about what happened. it might seem like nothing, almost a passing occurrence with no real meaning, but yoongi knows that, namjoon’s thoughts never stop. they wander and grasp at small things, as meaningless as they can seem to the next person, and don’t let it go until namjoon has dissected every single particle of said moment or sentence, swallowed it and digested it. most of the time, he doesn’t, so it has to come back up. it takes one look at namjoon’s face for yoongi to put down his notebook and pen, and breathe “spit it out.”, pulling his glasses off his face, to fully stare at namjoon across the table. namjoon twirls his spoon in his coffee, coffee that he has been stirring for the past five minutes, staring at it like it has all the hidden meanings on the universe. he sighs, finally pushing his now cold cup of coffee away from himself, almost knocking it all over yoongi’s papers. yoongi can’t contain the snicker he lets out at the cute panicked expression that crosses namjoon’s oh-so-solemn face before he catches the cup, for namjoon to only glare at him for laughing. yoongi doesn’t even wipe his smile from his face before reiterating. “stop thinking and just say it.” “you should...” namjoon breathes out, closing his eyes. a small giggle escapes his lips, making yoongi smile even wider. he knows namjoon is probably laughing out of nervousness, but it really does make them put the whole situation in perspective. it’s quite not that big of a deal, but if namjoon wants to make it a deal, yoongi would be selfish to not comply and listen to what his partner has to say. they both know it’s about the incident at last week’s evening with their friends, but yoongi just wants to make absolutely sure. “’bout friday, yeah?” namjoon hums back, still seemingly looking for words to put together. it’s silent again for a few beats, just yoongi staring at namjoon’s small smile, now a little bit coy, in the way he opens his eyes and they bore into yoongi’s, a sparkle of something the elder did not expect to see so soon. his eyes shift to a shade that is reserved to when namjoon’s nails are digging into yoongi’s back, his breath heavy on the shell of the elder’s ears, a shade so enticing that it makes yoongi subconsciously shiver at the memories. he’s excited, but troubled that namjoon took the easy way out: sex. yoongi wants to reach his hand out across their small dining table to trace namjoon’s prominent jawline, trace all the way down to his toned neck, such a pretty colour and give, to the way yoongi’s bony fingers wrap around it. nose at his glands, bite down on his mating bite, to make it colourful again. but he waits. waits until namjoon chuckles again, huffs at the waves of his mate’s aroused scent that hit him, but not once does his gaze shift or does he close his eyes. “mate me again.” his voice is smooth like sin, though yoongi can feel the small tremble at the end, just enough for namjoon’s vulnerable side to yoongi’s alpha to peek through. his gaze feels heavier now, along with his dark chocolate scent that now permeates the air, making yoongi inhale sharply. he squints when namjoon’s words finally settle into his mind, making him tilt his head. “i did it last night?” he asks, confused. it takes them a lot of preparation and foreplay to ease namjoon’s alpha body into taking yoongi’s knot, but it’s always a good time. yoongi understands how much namjoon loves it, but it is a bit premature for him to want it again, since it takes namjoon’s body a few days to recuperate. yoongi’s knot is just big. namjoon shakes his head at yoongi’s tone; gets up from his chair to walk around until he’s right next to yoongi, his scent rolling off of his body in waves that make yoongi want to wrestle him until he has namjoon pliant and submissive under his bite. however, he knows the game they play way too well to make a move. namjoon pulls at his shirt’s collar, exposing his tan skin from his collarbone, his healed mating bite, the area surrounding it littered with small fading marks from the night prior, up until his neck, long and smooth, just asking for something. anything. “i want you to mate me again, and this time,” namjoon breathes, traces his fingers against his pulse and neck gland, “bite me here, so everyone can see. breed me.” yoongi’s breath hitches. he’s quick to pull namjoon’s body towards his own, hugging the younger’s waist, watching him draw in a quick breath because of yoongi’s deep brown eyes looking right through him and his hand squeezing at his small love-handles. yoongi growls quietly, just a warning, mingling with his small snicker when namjoon growls back, just as quiet, eyes calm. “no inhibition, huh?” he says through a smile, craning his head up to give namjoon’s exposed collarbone a small kiss, just a brush of his lips that make namjoon sigh. his head is working through so much information so fast, but he has to keep a calm façade for namjoon. “what is this all about though, joon-ah, is what i don’t understand.” yoongi asks, suddenly very serious. namjoon can manage to cope through sex and their bedroom dynamics all he wants, but there’s only so much running away before he hits a wall, that would send him all the way back to square one where he doesn’t know where he stands. and yoongi hates seeing him doubt himself, doubt his own because of something he can’t control, instincts he never asked for. “tell me why,” he whispers into namjoon’s chest, more to keep it personal than anything else. “tell me why you want it, and i will give it to you.” seeing that it takes namjoon’s body quite some days to recuperate, their scene only takes place on the friday after namjoon’s confession. they take their time to set it out, outline everything carefully, and also get out earlier than usual from their respective works. seokjin throws yoongi quite the glance right as he leaves, and it’s with no surprise that yoongi gets a simple “you should wear scent blockers. you reek. have fun.” text as he drives back home. it makes him chuckle. of course, seokjin had to be obnoxious. he can barely get out of his shoes properly before the strong scent of dark chocolate that impregnates their apartment hits him in the chest, stronger as ever, because namjoon must’ve smelled and heard yoongi, making him drip with excitement and anticipation. he had asked namjoon to be ready for him when he got home, but he didn’t expect namjoon to be as ready. he finds namjoon on their couch, stark naked, sitting prettily on his knees. he shifts when he sees yoongi approach, changing his position to a sitting squat one, but ready to move. his cock hangs, half hard, and yoongi can see the excess of lube smeared on his thighs. he has a lopsided smile stretched across his flushed face, one that paired with his smell, just makes yoongi want to jump him as quickly as humanly possible. but it wouldn’t be fun if it went down as simply. yoongi pulls off his tie, a similar smile painting itself across his features, eyes glinting. he slowly gets out of his vest, throwing both pieces somewhere far in the corridor behind him. things are going to get ugly, and that’s the only vest he kind of doesn’t really mind wearing. it’d be a shame to ruin it. it’s somewhat of a new scene they’re trying out, as they’ve dipped the tip of their toes into this type of play in the early stages of their relationship, because of their strong feelings for each other. but they had never done anything this big. namjoon had specifically asked for it, so they took the time to get everything ready in the morning before they left; they pushed out furniture close to their couch, secured sharp corners and took their tv to their room. yoongi stretches under namjoon’s gaze, cracks his knuckles diligently, snaps his neck, left and right. pushes his hair out of his face, before settling into a comfortable position, arms open. the air is heavy, and the pause feels like eternity stretching out, and god namjoon wishes he could keep the feeling that blooms into the pit of his stomach bottled somewhere, forever. it only takes seconds though, of namjoon’s breath becoming heavier and his nostrils flaring at yoongi’s orange zest scent, until he hears yoongi growl “come.”. in an animalistic manner, namjoon pounces, straight onto yoongi’s open arms, that don’t fail to grab his midsection; but instead of yoongi falling back from the force of namjoon’s weight and speed, he quickly twists the both of them around, making him come on top of namjoon’s body. surprise barely registers in the younger’s face before his hands immediately tighten around yoongi’s shoulders, nails digging through yoongi’s dress shirt, as he crosses his legs around yoongi’s upper thighs and turns to his left with all of his strength. which is a lot, seeing that he has been working out with jimin, his core strength and abdominal muscles enabling him to quickly change positions, slamming yoongi’s frame onto their carpet. the older grunts, head knocking violently on the floor, and namjoon smiles. he wheezes, as namjoon’s digs his hands deeper onto the skin of his shoulders, giving yoongi no chance of getting back up. yoongi moans, before he smiles bright as day, eyes half-lidded and so dark it runs through namjoon’s body, shivers licking down his spine. why is he smiling like this, namjoon’s alpha snarls, making namjoon lean down to push yoongi’s head into the side, forcing him to bare his throat, giving namjoon’s nose full access to his scent gland. he can hear yoongi’s snarl grow, starting from his chest, rising up to his throat, and namjoon can barely contain his excitement. yoongi gave him the upper hand, opened his arms and let him at it, but now he plays. namjoon knows he’s supposed to fight back, and snarl and growl, but when yoongi’s hand suddenly grip at his hair and pull, so hard namjoon thinks his neck is going to snap, the sound he makes is clear evidence that there’s not fighting back anymore. he keens, high pitched and desperate, suddenly very much aware of the sensation of the fabric of yoongi’s slack pants against his bare ass and thighs as he sits on top of yoongi’s own, back arched. he lets go of yoongi’s shoulders, giving the older alpha an opening to just push him out of his lap with his free hand, while pushing his torso up in the process. namjoon tumbles, but is quickly pulled back by the hand that firmly holds his hair, and he hisses, baring his teeth. “let me go,” he groans, swinging his hand up to grab at yoongi’s wrist, scratching and pulling so hard it’s almost believable he really wants yoongi to let go; but yoongi’s fingers don’t release. “let me fucking go!” yoongi is already back up, standing up above him, namjoon can feel it, though he can’t see, because of how yoongi is angling his head downwards. so when the first slap hits him square on the face, it’s only half a surprise. “shut the fuck up.” yoongi barks, watching attentively how namjoon’s mouth falls open instantly, heavy puffs of air coming out of it. he looks like he’s about to retort with something, but yoongi doesn’t let him. he tilts his head, by pulling his hair sharp and carefully drinks in how flushed namjoon’s skin is, from his cheeks to his chest. makes him bare his neck, though namjoon does try to keep his head straight, but gives up at the piercing pain. “look at me,” at yoongi’s words, namjoon’s gaze shoots up to his alpha’s face, almost purring at how pleased yoongi looks, deep under the look of disgust he has. namjoon can feel it, can smell it, that yoongi is hard and thrilled. he lays another hard slap to namjoon’s cheek, the same one as before, and the younger alpha wheezes. “you cheap fucking whore.” yoongi snarls, foot swishing through the air, before hitting namjoon’s aching cock. namjoon’s eyes bulge out, and he lets out a scream, nails digging into the skin of yoongi’s forearm. they breach the skin, just barely, but enough to compel yoongi to let go, not because it hurts, but to fully let go of namjoon, only to kick him in the chest. namjoon falls down hard, his head hitting the ground with a loud thud. pain shoots through his skull, then continues in waves; he barely knows where he is, as his eyes flutter shut. it’s so good, it’s so fucking good, as the pain in his chest and head irradiates, pulsates through him. his alpha is panicking, yelling for him to open his eyes and get back up to fight, but namjoon just blissfully ignores it. he feels a weight on his chest, adding to the pain. it’s yoongi’s hand, holding him down. it’s futile, but it gives namjoon some ground. “color?” yoongi murmurs, so close his breath awakes goosebumps all over namjoon’s chest. namjoon hums, disoriented. “tell me your color.” yoongi insists, pulling his hand away, worry tainting his tone. namjoon hit his head hard, of course yoongi would worry, but he’s peachy. just needs a few seconds to gather his thoughts. “’m green,” namjoon sighs, cracking one of his eyes open to see yoongi hovering above him, strands of hair falling over his forehead, wrinkled in concern. “i’m green, alpha, c’mon.” namjoon pleads, suddenly swinging his hand at yoongi’s neck, grabbing it. a deep growl kicks up, and namjoon bares his teeth at yoongi again. “c’mon, you can do better than this.” yoongi’s falls knee first onto namjoon’s crotch, his hand instinctively wrapping itself around namjoon’s throat, while his free fingers plunge into namjoon’s open mouth, effectively silencing his scream. “you don’t fucking tell me what to do,” yoongi snarls again, watching namjoon struggle against his hold and his digits deep into his mouth. he’s panting because even if he makes it look easy to hold namjoon down, it’s taking a strain on his untrained muscles to hold such a strong alpha down. he needs to make the younger alpha submit, fall down hard and quick. “you’re going to fucking sit there, and fucking take it.” he thrusts his fingers down forcibly, the sensation of namjoon’s throat constricting around him making yoongi’s cock jump. but yoongi is a patient man. he pulls his fingers out, smearing spit all over namjoon’s face, letting the latter cough and wheeze as grabs his chin and tilts his head to the side. he noses at his neck, hand still wrapped around it, pressing the soft and warm skin at small intervals. namjoon smells suffocating when yoongi inhales his scent, of arousal and pain and anger, and it’s such a sweet thing. yoongi licks a fat stripe across his jugular, and it’s as if he could almost taste the bittersweet chocolate scent namjoon exudes. “i’m gunna breed you so fuckin’ good,” he purrs, nibbling at the sensitive spot of namjoon’s mating bite. he smiles wickedly against the younger’s skin at the dirty sound namjoon makes. “i’m gunna breed you so fucking good they’re all gunna be able to smell me on you for weeks.” namjoon moans unabashedly, his hips kicking up at yoongi’s words, only to meet the resistance of yoongi’s upper thigh. yoongi scoots up, settling on top of namjoon’s body, pulling his face out of his mate’s neck to grind his hips down onto namjoon’s naked tummy, partially to release some pressure off of his groin, but also to spread his scent all over namjoon’s torso, effectively humiliating his alpha once more. now more conscious than seconds prior, namjoon’s instincts tell him to throw the other alpha off of him, to maul and destroy, protect his neck and body, because he isn’t an omega, he isn’t a bitch the other alpha can breed and use, and hold down like it’s nothing— he doesn’t even realize that he’s growling and baring his teeth again, until yoongi’s fingers breach his mouth once again. namjoon could bite, could bite down and tear yoongi’s fingers off, but he gags so violently at how deep they reach, that his brain short circuits. he loves it. “stop growling you fucking mutt,” yoongi drawls, now fully sitting on top of namjoon’s torso, the fabric around his thighs chaffing against the younger alpha’s sides, as he humps the space between his pecs. it draws tears out of namjoon’s eyes, how easily yoongi’s small body is caging him, and how easy his hand around his neck keeps him in his place. because he wants him to be there, he wants his fingers exactly there, and his words to be as humiliating as they are. “growling won’t do anything for a bitch like you.” it’s a weird thing, how namjoon wants to fight, everything in him is telling him to fight; but he doesn’t really want to. it’s his alpha who wants, not namjoon. namjoon is more than happy to lay there and play fight with yoongi until he’s nothing but putty in the older’s hands. some days, he fights back with force, just to see how far he can push yoongi, because of how fun it can be to rile him up. but today is a special day. he doesn’t want to fight back. doesn’t want his alpha telling him he should, because it’s not him. namjoon’s alpha isn’t namjoon, it is something namjoon never asked for, never wanted once in his life. he wants to be able to lay there and take it, because he loves it. the warmth it sends through him, to completely let go and have yoongi use him to oblivion. it weaves itself within him. he feels light, like finally, something heavy has finally been lifted. maybe it’s years of lies and play-pretend, years of a him he never really was. it’s in yoongi’s eyes, that differ so greatly from his hold; namjoon can see, all the love and affection yoongi can’t really hide behind his dominant mask. his eyes flutter shut at yoongi’s word, finally letting himself surrender. his alpha finally quiets down after the third time yoongi makes namjoon gag around his fingers, drool leaking out of the boy’s lax mouth. there’s nothing making him want to do anything other than take it and accept it, and yoongi can tell; his eyes are glossed over, not only with unshed tears but also unabashed want, a silent plea for yoongi to just do it. his body completely pliant, and neck bared to the maximum, exposing his bite and long neck, in a position that looks like it hurts, but he keeps it, as yoongi looks at him through hooded eyes. he starts sucking at the fingers that remain motionless. “you’re such a whore,” yoongi whispers almost reverently, laughing silently when he feels namjoon’s hips grind up behind him. “such a cheap slut, a knotless little thing who offers his pretty body to the first big alpha who tames him.” yoongi licks the drool around namjoon’s red lips, noticing that it makes namjoon suck more fervently, his tongue swirling lazily between yoongi’s fingers. yoongi pulls them back, soaking wet with spit, leaving namjoon’s mouth gaping, his pretty pink tongue lolling out of it. “you open your legs to any passing knot, because that’s what you were really made for.” he murmurs breathlessly, smearing drool all over namjoon’s chin, then down his neck and pecs, admiring how his golden skin glistens. “n-no,” voice rough, namjoon pants out. “it’s only for you, alpha.” and it feels infinitely right.



Chapter End Notes
see y'all in the second chapter where namjoon gets stuffed fullmy twt is alphagloss if y’all are interested


i am human
Chapter Summary
“don’t hold back, alpha,” he dares to say, eyes glinting dangerously when yoongi bottoms out, hips flush against his mate. “please don’t hold back.” it’s all it takes. because yoongi is just too weak to his begging.
Chapter Notes
not beta'ed.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




he’s a mess when yoongi scoops him up with trembling arms to bring him to their bed. his face doesn’t leave yoongi’s neck for the entirety of the short trip, feeling floaty off of the strong orange scent that just seems to never fade, clinging at his skin and bones, so deep that namjoon knows that he won’t be able to scrub it off for weeks. his cock is so hard that he wonders how many times yoongi is going to make him cum before he finally has a second mark adorning his neck, before he’s stuffed so full he can’t think. yoongi doesn’t leave him much time to mull it over, because as soon as they stumble into their room, he settles namjoon’s body on top of their bed, as gently as he can. namjoon whines, so lost without yoongi’s skin against his. yoongi shushes him, now all the bite and anger having sizzled out to something less aggressive. “you’re so sweet when you’re desperate,” he mumbles, eyes never leaving namjoon’s legs, catching sight of everything when the younger spreads them. yoongi curses, tugging his slacks and underwear out of the way in a hurry, eyes drinking how truly debauched namjoon already looks, high on yoongi’s scent. “i don’t know if i’ll be able to hold back." he breathes in shakily, shedding off part of his dominant mask. he can’t keep it up, not when namjoon looks like he’s ready to give himself to yoongi without blinking twice. he doesn’t know if he’ll be able to hold himself back from stuffing his mate so full of his cum, breeding and marking him in ways they don’t even know if it’s possible for two alphas. they’ll find a way to make it work. they always have. his gaze focuses back on namjoon’s face, to see a smile playing on his lips, eyes less clouded than seconds prior. “then don’t.” “what?” “don’t hold back, hyung.” yoongi flashes him a smirk, kneels on the bed, his gaze never flickering away from his mate’s, watching namjoon squirm on the bed, just enough that it makes yoongi want to drawl everything out. his skin is so beautiful, contrasts so well their soon-to-be-ruined beige sheets. shaking ever so slightly, his gorgeous toned legs grabbing is attention. yoongi can’t help but take his thigh and push it to the side and up just so he can see namjoon’s hole, not wet with lube any more but still so inviting and perfect, just like an omega’s. the older man’s fingers press deeper into the soft skin of his lover’s thigh. they work like a well-oiled machine, in the way that yoongi manhandles namjoon’s limbs around, placing him so he can easily slip his hard cock into him, no preparation needed. after all, namjoon had already been fingering himself before yoongi had come home. it was torture, the way he had to quite literally edge himself, his fingers just short of reaching his prostate, yoongi’s scent smeared all over him, but not enough for him to feel like he had his mate near. “you’re so tight.” the older breathes, his forehead touching namjoon’s. he reaches blindly for the lube on their bedside table, to pour some over the portion of his cock that isn’t inside namjoon. it’s scentless but thicker than regular lube, translucent. almost like an omega’s slick. there’s a residue of it left on his left hand, that he smears over namjoon’s cock. his skin is hot, almost too hot. he pushes himself further onto namjoon’s warmth as he gives his mate’s hard length a few strokes, just to hear namjoon almost quiet groans, feel his hips jerk. he draws back, his right hand pushing namjoon’s right thigh upwards, so yoongi can watch his cock being sucked right into his mate. namjoon moans, dirty, when he feels yoongi’s thick length slowly reach his best spots. namjoon already looks fucked out of his mind when yoongi snaps his gaze up at him, a breathy laugh leaving his lips. “don’t hold back, alpha,” he dares to say, eyes glinting dangerously when yoongi bottoms out, hips flush against his mate. “please don’t hold back.” it’s all it takes. because yoongi is just too weak to his begging. he drives his hips forward with such force that it pushes namjoon’s body up their bed, his pretty golden blonde hair fanning out against their pillows. he’d be such a pretty painting, his flushed cheeks, hooded eyes and endless golden skin, so beautifully contrasting yoongi’s pale skin tone. the gorgeous, but absolutely filthy sounds he makes when yoongi bends over to rub their neck glands together, in an uncomfortable position for the older as he keeps snapping his hips in an almost animalistic manner. usually, namjoon’s voice doesn’t get much higher, his tone low and soft. but when getting fucked, he’s all whines and moans that get cut short, cheek pressed against yoongi’s neck, arms wrapped around his alpha’s figure. his breath warms yoongi’s skin, waking a trail of goosebumps everywhere it touches. “alpha.” namjoon puffs, mouth wet kissing on yoongi’s skin. the older boy growls when he feels namjoon’s tongue dart out to taste, the ecstatic flavour of yoongi’s orange zest scent, that almost feels tangible. yoongi groans, closes his eyes, letting his body run on auto-pilot as his hands grip tighter around namjoon’s fleshy thighs, thrusts getting harder. pulls his legs upwards, drives into him maybe a little bit slower, savouring the shivers that run through his mate when he angles his hips just right. “there, ah- shit, right there, hyung,” his voice gets muffled, his face mushed against a patch of skin. yoongi can feel his lips move, can feel every single spot of skin that is in contact with namjoon’s, like splashes of electricity running through him whenever the younger man moves or makes a sound. “ah fuck, hyung!” “i’m going to knot you, just like this.” yoongi pants, pulling back from the hot, thick air that envelopes both of their bodies, pheromones in full force, the scents of both excited alphas mingling together so well. he watches, as namjoon’s mouth remains open, tongue so pink; he forgets what he was going to say, words dissolving in the tip of his tongue, he dives back in to kiss his fellow alpha. it’s always a feeling that gets to him, the way it all falls into place, when their lips join into a messy and slobbery kiss, too caught up on how tight namjoon is around him. it’s almost painful for namjoon to draw back from the comfort that is yoongi’s lips against his own, his tongue licking the older alpha’s one last time. “hyung,” his nails dig into yoongi’s back because of the swivel of his hips, the wet sound it makes when yoongi drives into him once more, the slap of skin; namjoon feels his thighs shake. his hands scrape around, going up towards yoongi’s head to cradle it. “i want- fuck, please!” he throws his head back. yoongi’s hands let go of his thighs, letting them hang around his hips. he stops, making namjoon groan, tears gathering up and threatening to fall. before he can say anything, yoongi’s hands travel, cup namjoon’s chest, trace his nipples, just teasing and warming his hands on the younger’s soft skin. he kisses his cute brown nubs, smiling at the sweet sound namjoon makes, when his tongue swirls around his left nipple; his thumb digs, just barely, on his areola, eliciting a whine from the back of namjoon’s throat and a thrust of his hips, maybe to incite yoongi or maybe just in desperation for some friction on his neglected cock. yoongi sucks, loud. bites and sucks until tears are running down namjoon’s scarlet cheeks, his grunts eliciting groans from his boyfriend. yoongi pulls back to stare at his mate, look in his eyes, gleaming. “god, i want you full of my pups, namjoon-ah.” yoongi murmurs, hands absent-mindedly massaging his pecs, thumbs circling namjoon’s perked up, wet nipples. he closes his eyes, almost too excited at the idea of his boyfriend so full of his cum his belly is distended. namjoon moans as if he can also see the image the oldest is imagining. “i want you to be full of my cum, full of my pups.” yoongi’s hips pace picks up, his hands gripping onto the full mass of namjoon’s chest. his eyes flutter open, to admire his mate’s chest, neck, then his eyes that convey nothing but pure desire. “fuck, i want that,” namjoon drawls, throwing his head back, his nipples so sensitive he can’t take it. it hurts, the way yoongi is squeezing the fresh bite marks on his chest, it hurts, how thick he is, every time he thrusts harder into namjoon’s hole. “please, i want it." yoongi’s eyes slide down to namjoon’s neck, the scar of his bite sitting so pretty and inviting near his collarbone. “do you want it?” he thrusts harder, abandoning namjoon’s chest to grab a fistful of his golden hair and pull his head to the side. “do you want it slut, do you want to be full of my pups? so full of my cum everyone can smell me in you?” namjoon’s breath is irregular, coming out in puffs, he’s so close to cumming and yoongi has barely touched his dick. yoongi’s voice, his scent, his cock pressing and dragging, stretching his hole every time he drives in and out of him. everything. “i’m gonna- hyung i need it, please, i’m g-going to cum,” he drools, mouth too full of saliva, so it runs down his chin. he can’t get the words out. not when yoongi is looking at him, not when yoongi’s scent is driving him crazy like this. it feels like everything is yoongi and only yoongi, everything that he’s touching, feeling, tasting, smelling, it all comes back to yoongi. he’s incoherent. “i need your cum to fill me, ah, fill me up, h-hyung please, oh my god.” the bulbous head yoongi’s cock is right near his prostate when he stops once more, and namjoon is teetering on insanity. his hands grab onto the sheets, almost tearing it apart. “hyung, please!” he yells, knot beginning to swell at the base of his dick, uselessly, at the pressure of yoongi’s own knot starting to form inside him, stretching his rim. “i can feel y-you, please, please give it to me.” yoongi’s hand reach down to namjoon’s inutile knot, to milk namjoon’s orgasm out of him. he can feel his knot pulse, his fellow alpha’s useless dick straining for a hole to fill. but it can’t do anything but drool an obscene amount of precum and spasm in yoongi’s firm hold, its owner completely at yoongi’s mercy.  he leans in, panting, breath hitting namjoon’s hot skin. namjoon’s back arches despite himself when he finally cums all over his belly, orgasm finally snapping inside him, set off by the sharp pang of fear that hits him and his until then silenced alpha; yoongi’s lips and teeth are hovering right above his pulse. about to bite. to own. it culminates, reaches a boiling point when yoongi sinks his teeth deep near his jugular, breaches namjoon’s skin, and he howls, hands flailing to tear at yoongi’s hair. his hips kick up and his thighs shake, yoongi thrusting one last time to keep his cum inside his mate, knot locking them together. yoongi’s howl vibrates against his skin, his alpha content and sated to own a fellow alpha, to mark him as his. namjoon lets out a string of unintelligible screams, something akin to another orgasm tearing through him, electricity running from the new bite to his core. he gasps for air, now hugging yoongi’s head closer, to keep his mouth at his neck. mating between alphas is still frowned up, though most people would agree it is a very old fashioned way of thinking. riding on the euphoria of his mate's bite, scent and knot, namjoon can only think about how much he always had wanted it. he feels whole, better than their first time, because now the bite is somewhere anyone can see. anyone, walking by him on the street, or stealing a glance while he's in the subway, in the next few weeks, will be able to see it. the fresh stunning mark on his neck. and now everyone is going to know. “yes god, fuck, hyung,” his voice is hoarse when he comes back down from his high, dick almost soft. yoongi hasn’t moved, teeth still deep into his skin, growl having died down to a purr. namjoon giggles, when he feels yoongi’s lips stretch into a smile. “i’m so full, you feel so big inside me.” he slurs, still a bit delirious. namjoon is soft and pliant, his head having lolled to the side naturally, to give yoongi more space. seed fills him periodically, making small sighs leave his lips. it feels amazing, the way yoongi is pumping and burying his cum deep inside him, so deep for a second namjoon thinks about how good it would feel to carry his pups. his cock twitches, knot still slightly swollen.  it takes yoongi quite a few minutes to pull back from namjoon's neck because his mate's scent smells like heaven, but when he does, his skin is glowing. there's a knowing smile on his face. "you're thinking about it." he muses, untangling his fingers from namjoon's hair to thumb at his face. namjoon's eyes flutter open. "you want to carry my pups." "yeah, i'd love to." he smiles, locking gazes with his beautiful alpha. it takes his breath away, how beautiful yoongi is, as he looks down on namjoon. his eyes are nothing but pure love for his mate, seemingly completely enthralled by namjoon's beauty as well. hair sweaty and tousled, tears drying upon his cheeks, he looks as stunning as ever. "i wish i could, so badly." he moans, left hand sliding down yoongi's head to rest on his tummy, feeling an almost imperceptible bump. he closes his eyes, lost in the feeling of yoongi's cum inside him. yoongi kisses him, languid. his hand joins namjoon’s, to stroke his stomach and revel at the sound namjoon lets out when his hips shift and his knot catches on his mate’s rim. they break apart to settle in a more comfortable position for both alphas, being careful to not tug too hard at where they’re connected, but after years of mating, they’ve mastered the art of keeping yoongi’s knot inside namjoon until it deflates. "is this what you wanted?" in a hushed tone, yoongi asks after a few minutes of brushing namjoon's sweaty hair back while the younger man traces patterns on his back. "do you like your new mark?" namjoon smiles. "i haven't seen it yet."  yoongi presses his thumb on the fresh mark, enjoying how namjoon's scent gets stronger. the younger alpha yelps and jerks, so strongly everything moves uncomfortably. "you know what i meant, smartass." "yeah, it's just..." he lowers himself into yoongi's embrace again. "it felt so good. better than the first time." he giggles. "it's not smart of you to be sassy when i have my knot inside of you." the older alpha smiles against the skin of namjoon's shoulder, inching closer to his neck. his lips awaken goosebumps, and it tickles, making namjoon shudder. namjoon's little sigh is music to yoongi's ears, inciting him to kiss on the new bite, namjoon's scent spiking when he does so. "hyung, i don't think my ass can take anymore- ah!" namjoon squeals when yoongi's tongue wanders around his neck almost as if he could taste chocolate off of the younger alpha's skin. he's sensitive all over, but especially his neck. it feels like everywhere yoongi's tongue drags, the sensations are amplified by a thousand. he's never felt like this before, his alpha completely unresisting, not even daring to say a peep. it's a new set of feelings that are going to come back to his mind after they are finished so that he can reflect on how he really is going to experience it in the future. the bond, consolidated for a second time, with another alpha. his alpha. lost in the electric sensations of yoongi's teeth, tongue and lips almost eating him, his mind deliriously wanders to what it would feel like to carry yoongi's pups. he obviously can't, his cis male alpha body eliminating the possibility of pregnancy altogether. but it's nice to fantasize, about yoongi fucking his seed so deep into him he gets pregnant. the ultimate owning, the ultimatum for his inner alpha to give up the act.  he doesn't notice his voice had raised while his mind wandered until yoongi's fingers are already in his mouth. he sucks automatically, swirling his tongue around yoongi's digits, mouth just hanging open when yoongi gives a firm suck to his old bite, a whiny fuck slipping out of it. yoongi pulls back, feeling namjoon's half-hard dick pressed against his stomach. he'd been too absorbed in the hypnotic scent of his mate to realize that his knot had gone down in the meantime, but namjoon's dick hadn't.  "your ass can't take it, but your dick can." he observes, amused. he thumbs at its base with his free hand, pleased to hear a gurgled moan come out of its owner. namjoon's knot is soft to the touch but his dick is growing harder but each pump yoongi gives it, and god he wants it in his mouth. "i wan' go again..." namjoon's voice is breathy around his fingers, chest going up and down along with each stroke to his cock. "want your pups, hyung." the older alpha's eyes trace back up to his mate's face, eyebrows drawn up and eyes closed in bliss. they slowly blink open when yoongi's hand stops, a bit blurry. their eyes meet. "i thought you said your ass couldn't take anymore." there's a smirk on yoongi's face, the one kind of smirk that normally would make namjoon roll his eyes, but in the current situation, he can't help but find it sexy. yoongi pulls his fingers out of his mouth, tracing namjoon's plump lips one last time before his hand moves down to his chest, smearing saliva on its path. "i changed my mind," the younger man breathes, humming when yoongi thumbs at his nipples and head of his dick, almost lovingly. "i want it again, want more." "how about your dick in my mouth?" yoongi proposes, slipping his dick out of his mate. he catches sight of his own cum dripping down namjoon's hole, and immediately wants nothing but to fuck it back inside him. his alpha growls, strong arousal creeping up his arms and torso. "jesus." namjoon hums, squirming because of the cum running down his ass cheeks and the spike in yoongi's scent. he rolls onto his back, ignoring the soreness starting to settle around his tailbone, and spreads his legs like a good boy. feels a bit embarrassed maybe, because of yoongi's strong gaze on his hole, so he pulls up his hands to hide his face. "god hyung, stop staring."   it's a blur from there, the amount of times yoongi's cum is fucked back inside namjoon, either with his fingers or tongue. the amount of times namjoon cums, knot hanging uselessly between his thighs, or smushed against their ruined sheets. he wakes up extremely sore, so sore he can't move a single muscle without his lower back screaming for him to stop. yoongi offers to carry him around for the whole weekend, as a joke, but namjoon knows he feels kind of bad for having broken his boyfriend’s back. he reassures he liked it very much, and that he would walk funny for the rest of the week, but hey, that's the price to pay for some breeding from his alpha boyfriend-with-a-really-big-knot. yoongi laughs it off but makes sure to put extra cushions and comforters on their couch and bed. such a sap. namjoon's coworkers give him pointed looks when he shows up to work on monday, claiming bite proudly on display. they all pretend to not notice it when he talks to them, but he knows exactly what's in the back of their minds. they can't smell it, courtesy of the scent blockers they have to wear around the company's building, but they know it's not an omega's claiming bite. he comes back at night to tell his boyfriend how funny it was when all of their faces fell and yoongi treats him with his best gummy smile. ---  "you smell so much like me." a sleepy observation by yoongi, always namjoon's favorites. "how can you know your own smell though? i can't smell my own scent..." he replies, hands drawing patterns on yoongi's back. their couch is cosy, with all the comforters surrounding them. "seokjin-hyung complained about it to me at work today."  "well, i can't wait to hear what the little ones are going to say in our next hang out at seokjin hyung's house then." "jeongguk is gonna go crazy, you know that right?" yoongi giggles sleepily, voice low and scratchy. "he's gonna want to scent you for hours, and seokjin is going to have to pull him off of you again." namjoon groans, burying his nose on top of yoongi's head. "jeonggukie is so cute, but he's too rough with his scenting, he almost reopened the bite the first time. i still dunno how you managed to not want to tear him off of me when he was doing that though, were you not jealous?" yoongi hums, almost asleep, lulled by the slow beat of namjoon's heart and his calming scent. "i dun' care about jeongguk scenting you, i know you're my alpha and i am yours." a smile stretches across namjoon's features and he pulls yoongi closer to him, tangling their legs together. "yeah... i know that too."  



Chapter End Notes
hi :) i know this is super late, but i have been very busy lately... anyways, this is it!here's my twitter and my curiouscat please do follow me and send me feedback if you've liked this fic! thank you :)



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



