



I Can Hear Your Heart - OuriSshi - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

I Can Hear Your Heart
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/6034455.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Park Jimin
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Park Jimin, Kim Taehyung
Additional Tags:
Disability, Angst, Deaf, so very sad, Jungkook is crazy about Jimin, Eventual Sex, College, jikook - Freeform, artist, Physical Abuse, One Shot Collection
Stats:

        Published: 2016-02-16
        Words: 27438
      

I Can Hear Your Heart
by OuriSshi
Summary
He can hear nothing, but Jungkook is sure he can hear his heart thudding whenever they are close.
Notes
Hello! Just for clarification, "Normal conversation" 'Written conversation'(Sign language)

          See the end of the work for more notes




I Can Hear Your Heart

It's been a year now since I first saw him on the second year of college. The boy had a small figure with a pitch black hair and a milky white skin. He looked so delicate and...pretty. Yes, he was so beautiful that I mistook him for a girl the first time my eyes landed on him. He snatched my heart with one look of his crescent eyes, and my mind got busy lately with the image of his pink plump lips. It was love from the first sight. He was so fine, every move he does was either cute or attractive. I always keep watching him in the art class, but I never really talked to the boy, how come when every time I see him my heart thud so hard that it can break my ribcage! I bumped into him once in the library, he smiled for me and I couldn't stand there for my brain was boiling from the heat of my body! He wasn't popular, thankfully, always sitting alone on a bench in the campus and keeps drawing, he was so talented, I can draw too, that's why I joined the same art class with him, I felt like flying and hugging the clouds that day, anyway, I'm not as good as him. I sat away from him, just tracing his radiate beauty while the breeze flew his hair. "From earth to Jungkook, do you hear me?!" "Y-yes Taehyung?!" "What are you thinking of?!" "N-n-nothing!" "Oh...is it that guy again?" "What guy?! I don't know what you are talking about!" "Aww come on, it's clear you've been eyeing him for the past six months!" "It's actually a year..." I can't lie on him, I know Taehyung for a long time, and he knows me better than my mother!"That long?! Then why don't you do something?!" "S-something?" "Yes! Go and ask him out!" "W-what?! Are you crazy?!! No way!" "Why not?! You love him right?" "But...we never talked to each other..." "Then you can start from there, talk to him, ask him his name and so" Only thinking of standing in front of him and talk with him makes me nervous. But Taehyung is right, I should tell him my feelings, for if I got rejected I can say 'I tried'. He was far, yet felt so near with the first step I took, I looked back at Taehyung who nodded to encouraged me. I don't know what to say! Should I simply greet him? Or flirt him? What if he accepted me?! Oh my god that would make me fly so high! But, what if I got rejected? How am I supposed to act? My thoughts were cut as I was standing right behind him. My throat tightened and I couldn't speak. I cleared my throat then muttered a low 'hi'. He moved from his place and turned around to pack his things on the bench, not looking at me. Did he not hear me? I repeated louder, "Hi..." But he kept gathering his stuff, then left without even glancing my face. What the fuck?! Did he just ignore me?! Why would he do that?! Who does he think he is?! What a cocky son of a bitch! I felt so broken and tears pricked my eyes. I kept standing there, gawking at his back as he was leaving away. There was a rumble in my chest, like my heart was being scratched over and over by claws of disappointment. I felt a hand crawling my back, it was Taehyung, "Jungkook...I'm so sorry.." He saw what happened, judging Taehyung, he must be blaming himself. "No, it's not your fault.." I tried, hardly, to act like it's fine and I'm okay. I inhaled deeply to put on a smile. "Should we go to the gym?!" And I walked away from him, I didn't want him to see how watery my eyes were. Later on the noon, it was my art class's time. I took a seat in the last corner of the class in front of my standing canvas. The instructor was late and so did the boy. The door was opened and I steadied myself for the teacher coming, but it was him, he scanned the place with his small eyes and when he saw the teacher wasn't here, he exhaled deeply out of relieve. He took a place near the door, placing his kit box on the floor beside him. Another guy approached him calling, "Hey Jimin, can you tell me your opinion about this sketch?" So his name was Jimin, it's a nice name. Jimin scanned his sketchbook, then looked at him to raise a thumb with a smile. Oh, that priceless smile, wish it was for me. I couldn't finish my wish and Jimin's eyes landed on me, I was staring at him for so long and he must have sensed it. When our eyes met he flashed a bright wide beautiful smile, then moved to prep his tools. Smiled for me? Why? He ignored me like two hours ago! Is he messing with me?! I was so angry that I couldn't stand looking at his face!We took the class later on after the instructor was late for thirty minutes, exclaiming it was because traffic, everyone knows that she's smooching with the history's professor. Anyway, I couldn't focus on my paint for the conflict I was in. His face is so attractive, but my heart ignite in anger when I look at him. He must be a snobbish boy that no one can handle companying him, that's must be why he stays alone all the time!As soon as the class ended I left pass him really fast. My heart can't keep seeing him anymore. Outside, there was Taehyung waiting for me, he knows my classes very well, and after this class we go together to have lunch, then to our dorm. "Hey kook!" "Taehyung don't call me that! We are not high schoolers anymore!" "Why the temper? You're still not over him..?" He asked with concern. "I'm fine...let's go.." We walked to the cafeteria, the food there is awful, and I don't know how Taehyung can actually enjoy eating it. Exclaiming that it has 'a unique taste'. "You're not eating?" "Since when I eat this shit?" "Calm down! I'm just asking! Jee!" "I'll just go to our room..." I have the urgent to stay alone, I just want to hug something and sleep for the whole day. I left him alone and walked in the campus to go to my room. It's when I saw Jimin with a huge guy beside him. He was double Jimin's size, he leant to his face and whispered something. Jimin's hands were trembling when he handed him a notebook. The guy laughed and ruffled his hair to walk on his way, he was forced to do this, it's clear on his face when he pouted after the man left. I wanted to do something, go and talk to him because he looked so pathetic, and I didn't like it. But why should I care?! He ignored me and now I'll do the same! And I did, I passed to go directly to the boy's dorm and upstairs to my room. It was a rough day I can say, and a sleepless night as well.  When I was finally able to drift away to dream lands, Taehyung entered the room late, loudly. It was 5 am, and he came with  a pizza box."Kooooook! I brought food for you!" "What the fuck Taehyung! I was trying to sleep!" "But you didn't eat anything today?" "Now you remembered?! It's fucking morning!" "I'm sorry, I had to do somethings!!" "Like what?! You don't have night classes!" "No, I don't...but I know someone who does!" I sat up on my bed, trying to interpret what he means. "What do you mean?" An annoying smile was drawn on his face. He approached after placing the pizza box on the desk and sat beside me on the bed. "Look, I need you to be very calm when I tell you this..""Taehyung what did you do?" "Calm Jungkook!" "Okay fine, spell it" he clapped once and grinned widely."Alright, so, I was following him around all day, he takes classes till noon, then he went to work at the library, when I asked other students they told me he comes daily to work voluntarily, isn't that cute?! Anyway, he has one night class and a study session with first year academics, I swear this boy is-" "Wait, wait, wait, hold on! By 'him', you mean Jimin?!!!" "Is that his name? Yeah the boy you talked to in the morning..""And you're telling me because..?" "Because, I thought you need to talk to him again, maybe there was some misunderstanding.." "Misunderstanding? Taehyung he fucking ignored me, and in our class he mocked me with a smile!!! He is fucking cocky, and I don't want to see him again!" And I lied to cover myself with the blanket to end the discussion. I felt him leaving the bed then uttered, "Fine...I'll just leave his schedule here...in case you changed your mind.." I heard the squeaky sound of his bed, and not long after his snoring.  Have I mistaken it? Was it really just a big misconception? Did he smile back then, like...just for a smile? But why did he ignore me? I made myself loud and clear, there is no way he didn't hear me! I got up to check the schedule Taehyung wrote, Jimin has a class in the morning then he is free till noon for another two classes. It suites me, I do have a break before noon. Suite? What am I thinking?! I can't go talk to him I know I'll make a fool of myself again! But what if it was a misunderstanding like Taehyung said? Let's assume that, and go talk to him tomorrow, just to make sure. And who knows, we might become friends! ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~ Thanks to someone, my eyes couldn't find sleep again. My eyes weren't in a good condition, all dark circles and puffy. Very perfect to meet Jimin! I wanted to delay it to another day, but fate struck and our eyes met when he was sitting on the same bench. My heart skipped a beat when he smiled warmly for me. Oh my god! What should I do?! Should I run?! Or go talk to him?! What if he'll ignore me again?! No way he'd do that since he smiled for me. I smiled awkwardly, and made a stupid face, I can tell because he chuckled, covering his mouth with his palm. I stepped till I was near to him, very near that my knees were almost touching his and he has to look up at me. "H-hi!" I waved at him. He smiled again, god! Up near his face is just so beautiful! Pink lips stretched to show snow white teeth. His eyes were like waning moons. It was so awkward, my legs were shifting from place, going backward then forward as I was so nervous. I needed to say something, because he remained silent. "Umm...I talked to you last time but I-I think you d-didn't hear me.." He was frowning and his eyes scanning all my face. "W-what? Something on my face?" I covered my face as I thought My face looks more horrible than I though. But he keeps shaking his head slightly while furrowing. "What?!" What is he doing?! He realized something, and the furrow disappeared. He pointed at his ear while shaking his head. What does that mean?! Honestly, why isn't he talking-....He can't...hear? "You...can't hear?!" I chanted the word slowly, he waited for a while, looking at my mouth then he did the same thing pointing at his ear and nodding. Wait...is he deaf?!!! I imitated his move, pointing at my ear and moving my mouth slowly for him. "You are deaf?!" He waited awhile while scanning my face, and analyzing my mouth, then nodded. He can't hear! He is deaf!! Oh my god, and I thought he ignored me! I'm such a jerk! But how come he can study with us? I thought disabled can't attend college! I froze in my place as I didn't know what to do, I can't even talk with him! Why? Why does the only one I had a crush on had to be deaf?!!He patted on the bench for me to sit. I placed my backpack and settled on his right side. I was so nervous and had no idea how to interacts with him, "ummmm..." He slid his hand to his pocket to take out a Blackberry phone and started to type something, then showed it to me. "Hello there.."  I read it out loud. "Oh, h-hi!" I raised my hand, he chuckled then typed again. He was so freaking fast! He must be used to this. He showed it to me again, 'My name is Jimin :), you?' It's cute how he typed a smiley face. I stuttered, "Uh-ummm.." How should I tell him my name?! He typed, 'Talk, I can read your lips ;)'"Oh really?" I made sure when he nodded, like he read my question. "Umm, I'm Jungkook" I tried as much as I could to make my lips move accordingly to the pronunciation. He was back to his phone, 'Nice to meet you Jungkook :D' wow, it's like he can really hear me! He stretched his hand for me to shake it, when I gripped it, I felt like crying. I never thought that this day would come. His hand was small and delicate, very soft. 'We are together in the art class, right?' "Oh, y-yeah.." 'What's your major?' "I-I'm computer engineering.." He smiled and quirked an eyebrow in impression, "y-you?" Using my hand to point at him. 'I'm social work' "Social work?" He nodded, "what do you do in this major?" I was talking while using my hands to explain. He started typing, he took a long time, looks like it's a long explanation. 'A program that prepares individuals for the professional practice of social welfare administration and counseling' He noticed how I furrowed and couldn't understand a thing. He chuckled, ugh! This chuckle of his, like a small sing-song hum. 'We help and support society with services for vulnerable individuals or groups' "Oh, that's nice.." He smiled for me again. God, can I be any happier?! Finally talking with Jimin! Well not really talking. We spent a good hour in chatting, then he had to leave for his class. I gave him my number when he asked me for it, which made my heart sinks, and he shook my hand again while smiling, then waving. Whenever he touches me I feel my heart squeezes and body burning. He can touch my heart without even talking. This crescents eyes and pink dusted cheeks are so blinding for my eyes. He walked away, but I didn't had enough from him. I followed to walk by his side. "D-do you want me to company you?" He furrowed, I talked fast and he must have didn't understand. So I repeated slowly, using my hand to explain. When he understood, he nodded with a wide grin. His department's building was far. But I never walked a short distance as this, time flies by when I'm with him. I took him to his class. Then I waved one last time, and he waved back, closing the door of the class. My mind was absolutely not in reality. I kept waving for the air with a goofy smile, like I was drunk from staying too long with him. I couldn't control my hopping steps back to my department, swaying my body all the way. Was the world this bright before? Or it's the effect of watching Jimin's white skin for quite a time? I don't know and I don't care, this was the best day of my life!  After taking my classes, I went back to the dorm to find Taehyung still sleeping. Looks like he missed all his classes. "Yah! Kim Taehyung! You're wasting this beautiful day! Get up!" "Leave me alone I'm tired..." I jumped to my bed, my mood was so happy that I started to hum a song. "Wait a minute..." Taehyung said as he peeked one eye at me. "Beautiful day? And humming? You met him didn't you? What was his name..Jimin?" "Yes, Jimin" even his name is like music to my ears."Tell me what happened! Tell me everything!" He was like those girls who crave for gossiping and rumors. I narrated everything to him, and explained why he didn't pay attention to me. I talked so fast and excitedly that I choked with my saliva. I feel so content now that we became friends, but still, I don't know if he would..like me the way I do.  ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~ Me and Jimin met again the next day in the art class. I dragged my chair and canvas near to his and settled beside him. He gave me a soft smile and back to his work. My canvas was white as I was staring at how skillfully he twisted his wrists. He caught me staring, then lightly slapped my thigh and pointed at my canvas. The smallest touch of him makes me flench and clench nervously. I nodded for him and tried to follow the teacher's instructions to draw 3d shapes by shadowing. It was really hard and needs to work for a long time to fix the details. The class was dismissed, and I gently touched Jimin's shoulder to draw his attention, which was after a long of thinking and struggling in nervous trembling. "W-would you like to have l-lunch with me?" He paused for a while, and tried to make sure by rolling his hand near his mouth, acting like he is shoving a spoon. "Yes, lunch.." He smiled before nodding, when he does, his dark locks moves along cutely, so gorgeous. We walked together to the cafeteria and we filled plates of food to sit and eat. He was so neat, the way he wipes his mouth with every mouthful, the way he eats with small bites that makes me look like a pig. He is just so perfect. Taehyung passed by us on the table, "Kookie!" "I told you not to call me that!" "What are you doing here? I thought you never like the cafeteria's food!" "I'm here with Jimin.." "Jimin?" He looked in front of me to see him sitting and staring with questioning eyes. "Oh! I'm sorry I didn't see you!" He stretched a hand to Jimin, "Kim Taehyung! Nice to meet you!" He said audibly while chanting the words precisely for him to understand. I told him about Jimin's condition and that he can read lips. Jimin bowed his head and shook his hand with a big grin. "I'll leave you now..enjoy" he jokingly nudged my shoulder and flea away. Sometimes I just want to smack him so hard. When my eyes shifted back to Jimin he had his blackberry in front of my face, 'Your friend? Taehyung?' He was making sure, and looks like he got the name."Yes, we are roommates" I nodded while joining my indexes together to make him understand. 'You live in the boys' dorm?' I nodded, then asked, "You live there too?" It would be fantastic if he does! But unfortunately he shook his head and typed, 'No I come from my house daily it's not far' "Oh.." I was a little bit disappointed, but then it was exchanged with a wide grin when he typed, 'I'd like to visit your room someday ;)' "Sure! Yeah of course!" We finished our food and I accompanied him to the library. I never been into the library before. It seems so boring and it must be filled with nerds or something. I flenched when his small hands caressed my bare arm, he wanted to make me look at him, but the touch was too much for me, my heart was thudding so hard that I thought even he would hear it! "Y-yes?!" He pointed at me then at the library, "the library? Yes, I'm going with you.." He nodded and smiled. Shit, my face must be as red as a tomato right now! At the library, all of the employees greeted Jimin warmly, they must be adoring him like I do, but of course not as much. The supervisor of the library saw Jimin, and left her chair. "Jimin! you're here!" He shook her hand, then she started doing something with her hands, sign language? Jimin did the same too, it looked like they were chatting, but silently. Jimin chuckled, like she told him a joke or something. That's not fair! I can't speak my mind to him in fear he wouldn't understand! I want learn this too! Jimin's hand came to my back and he pushed me lightly to the front, "uh! This is him?" Looks like they were talking about me, and I was gawking like an idiot beside them. "Hello there! What's your name?" "Oh, hi, umm it's Jungkook" and I shook her hand, "Nice to meet you, enjoy your day!" And she left. It's weird how she was very positive. I was staring at her, and Jimin wanted me to follow him so he clasped my hand to pull me with him. Damn, why does he keep torturing me?! His small hand barely circled my wrist, it's so warm and soft, compared to my rough skin his was feminine. We placed our bags in the locker room, then Jimin typed something for me, 'I have some work to do, you can go and do what you came here for' I came only for Jimin, but I can't be clingy to him, he'll think I'm a freak, so I had to nod and go act if I was looking for a book. Eww, books, they even smell weird, isn't enough what I'm dealing with in my major? Why would people read?  It's been two hours, I was on a table with a book that I don't even know, and staring at the beautiful boy. My head was resting on my palm, watching how Jimin was arranging the books back to the shelves. His lashes fan attractively when he reads the book's name, squatting to place it in the low shelf. His black hair that's contrasting his fair skin, he is just charming. How come he has all the boyfriend materials?! God bless my eyes for this heavenly view!!He came to me, and I immediately pushed the book away to get up. He pouted and approached to hit me lightly on the shoulder, "why?! What did I do?!" He pointed at the book then at the shelves. "Huh?!" He rolled his eyes and took his Blackberry, 'I spend hours arranging these books for the people who are irresponsible like you!' Shit, I ruined it! I don't want to upset him, he would hate companying me! I apologized quickly and putted the book back where I got it from and came back to stand in front of him. The pout was replaced with a smile, and I was able to breath normally again. He patted my shoulder as if he was praising me, and walked to the locker room with me following. He signed some papers before leaving, for the volunteering experience certificate? Then we left. 'It's getting late, thank you for accompanying me for the whole day :)' he typed for me. I didn't want to leave, I'm still not satisfied. "Yeah, no problem..." Again, I shouldn't be clingy or he would consider me a pain in the ass. I waved for him, and walked to the boy's dorm. Very overwhelmed with happiness.  ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~I spent the whole night learning the sign language. It's not really complicated, it mostly depends on facial expressions and lips movements, but still confusing with the numerous signs, I don't know how does Jimin understand it. A phrase came to my mind, and I looked up for it. 'I love you'. To express 'I' the pinky finger should be raised, then 'love' the index and thumb should form an L, then 'you' the pinky and the thumb. Combining it, the fingers I should use are the index, thumb, and the pinky, the middle and the ring fingers should be bent. I thought this gesture refers to rock and roll, but it's actually means I love you in the sign language! I blushed at the idea saying this to Jimin, will that day come?!Next morning, I was so pumped up to go and test my memorizing. I actually know the basic phrases like, how are you?, thank you, and are you hungry? The language is not hard actually, I only need practice. I texted him before leaving my room, and he texted back that he is in his usual spot, on the bench. I dressed myself quickly and ran to him, lips between my teeth to hide the wide grin. When I arrived there I saw Jimin standing and hugging his sketchbook to his chest, another tall man was standing in front of him, he was the same guy I saw before with Jimin when he received the notebook. What's he doing here? Jimin's facial doesn't indicate he is comfortable with him. I kept watching from afar, the man was laughing, then his big hand rested on Jimin's small shoulder and he flenched, is he scared? I walked to them, but I was too slow and the man pushed Jimin very hard to fall back on his elbows. He raised a foot to kick Jimin in the face! I felt my guts twisting and boiling in anger and I ran very fast to push my whole body to his and knock him down. "HOW DARE YOU?!!" "What the-?! Who the fuck are you?!!" "WHY ARE YOU BULLYING HIM?!" He stood and aimed a fist at me, I withstood the pain and directed my fist to his face, blood trickled from his nose. He covered his injured nose and ran away. I turned to help Jimin up, "You okay?! Oh shit you're bleeding!" He sat and pressed a hand on his wounded elbow, that bastard injured his lips and left eye too. "Can you stand?!" He looked at me with watery eyes, and it broke my heart, the pitiful sparkle of tears is painful to see. "It's okay..I got you.." I wrapped his hand around my shoulder and walked him to the care unit.  The nurses took him to the examining room, and I waited outside in the hallway. One of them came out and spoke to me, "What happened here student?" "Umm, h-he was running after me and he tripped.." Yes I lied, it's only to protect Jimin. Usually students who get into a fight even if it's not their fault, they'll be punished too. She jumped an eyebrow and uttered, "But those wounds doesn't happen from an ordinary fall..." "That's because he tripped from the near hill...all the way down..." Am I stupid? What kind of lie is that?! "Uh-ha..." The other nurse came out with Jimin, "Jimin!" "don't forget to come and change those bandages once in awhile to keep it clean.." "Okay, thank you.." I wrapped his arm and walked out. Poor boy, it's like it's not enough that he can't talk, his left eye was covered. Jimin was very quiet, not his disability, but his whole body. Usually he was trying to communicate, smile, or poke me, but right now he seemed in another world. I walked him till we found stairs to sit on. I patted his shoulder to make him look at me, and I used it, the sign language. He widened his one eye when he saw me flicking my wrists to ask : (How are you?)He gawked at my hands then at my face. He flattened his hand beside his head before twirling his two indexes around each other then pointed at me. I think I know what does this mean, and judging from his expressions, he was asking : (You know how to sign?!) Using my thumb and index I showed a minimum amount to tell him : (a little). He smiled warmly for me. It's really easier to understand each other like this.  He answered my question by flattening his separated his fingers and press the thumb on his chest : (fine) I gestured : (Are you hungry?) He nodded, and I helped him to stand to go to the cafeteria. When we settled with our food, the boy was frustrated from his closed eye. It's hard to control his hands and eat from his plate, he looked so pitiful. He sighed and placed his spoon down, gave up in eating. I wanted to cheer him up so I used the signs that I struggled to learn because it was long to ask: (can you teach me new signs?) His smile was back and he nodded and took his phone out, 'What would you like to learn?'"Hmmm....oh I know!" I took his phone and typed the phrase for him. I wanted to make a joke of it, so I wrote : 'damn, you're sexy'. He covered his mouth when he read it and laughed loudly. This is the first time I hear him this loud, his voice was simply a bliss to hear. He placed the phone on the table and got to it. Chuckling again before doing it, he curled his fingers and only raised the index to form a small 'd' then swung it in air to express 'damn'. He pointed at me to say 'you're', then made his hand like a hook with the index half curled and patted it on his cheek for 'sexy'. I copied him, and he laughed again while nodding. It was so fun learning the signs, but it was more joyful that it’s Jimin teaching me.We were walking in the campus, and it puzzled me that Jimin was heading to the gate of the college. "You're leaving?" He nodded, and typed, 'I don't feel okay, I'll just go home and rest'"Oh...do you need me to come with you?" He shook his head with a smile. He made a sign that was familiar, patting both tips of his hands’ fingers on his chin twice. He is saying 'thank you'. I smiled back, "no problem.." Jimin waved then left. Who was that guy? Why hurting an innocent boy like Jimin? One thing is sure, when he comes back, I'll be there to kick his ass! ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~ I didn't sleep last night, only for two hours, even thought, I was able to wake in a bright mood. Wanna know why? Me and Jimin were texting for the whole night! It's been awhile since we became friends, we are close enough to keep texting late at night. Our art class was canceled, and we have a long break, so we decided to go to a nice cafe that was joined with a green park. The tables were set on the nice view and under the refreshing breeze, it's so healing. It's was hard to decide what I should wear, but I had fashionista Taehyung with me. "What do you think?! This with this?!" He was sitting on his bed, "Where to? Wasn't your class canceled?!" "Yeah, I'm going out with Jimin!" "Jimin?! Together?! What does that mean?" "What?!" "Is this supposed to be a date?!" "D-d-date?! No...I don't know..." "What did he tell you?" "We were just chatting and he said we should meet for coffee.." "He said it? Not you?! Does that mean.." He grinned widely, bemusing me. "What does that mean?" "He likes you!!" "What?! M-me?!" Is that true?! Oh if it was, I would be the happiest creature that has ever lived! Only imagining this cute little things daters would do make my heart flutter. Holding hands, packing lunch for each other, walking on the love road in cheongdo, kissing!! Oh my, I'm totally wrecked! I feel my body heating up! I wish it's true, I'll pray as my love for him worths to make it happen! "It might be true Jungkook, that's why you'll need something fabulous to wear!" "I-I think this will do?!""Not if you're going to a nerd's club!" "Then..how about this?" "Eww! No!" "Taehyung come on! Help me!" "You should wear something bright, joyful, something fiery...like red!" "Red? I have this!" "Hell yeah! Put it with a black trouser and you'll be the hottest boy I ever met!" I did as he asked, wearing the red tee that had a white supreme mark in the center with a black trouser. I combed my hair neatly and wore some cologne. I stood before him and stretched my hands. "How do I look?" He made an OK with his hand while biting his lips, satisfied with his work. "Now, be careful! Don't be too hasty and do what should not be done! Let him make the first move, got it?" "O-okay.." "Wish you luck boy!" "Thank you Tae, you're the best!" And we fist bumped.  I was running to the meeting place because I was a little late with my clothes. I arrived at the cafe and started looking for Jimin. When I found him, he was sitting on an outside table with his sketchbook on his lap while crossing legs. He was drawing the flowers bush near him. He was so fine, wearing a mid sleeved jeans jacket with a black tee underneath. He was wearing a snapback backwards with his black hair well combed. He was literally beautiful, the way winds flying his locks and he reaches to comb them back, the way he stretch his lips when he was satisfied with what he drew, and the way he leans forward to the table to sip from his coffee and lean back, all his movements were delicate and prettily done. What did I do to deserve sitting with this art piece? He noticed me gawking at him, and raised a hand to wave. I was back to reality and approached to sit with him on the table. I signed : (how are you?):(good!You?):(good):(why were you late?) I'm still an amateur in the sign language and I couldn't express myself. "I uhhh..." He laughed looking at me working so hard, eyes jiggling to remember the new signs I learned. He signed, :(it's okay) Then, I took out a special notebook I bought just for this. I started writing for him, 'How about we do it like this?' I saw how we were talking comfortably when we text, so writing my thoughts would be easier. He smiled and draw a smiley face that made me chuckle. From this point on, all of our conversation was on papers. 'What would you like to drink?' I wrote. 'I already ordered coffee''I'll order a cake for you, it's on me!''You don't have too' I didn't even read his last statement, calling for the waiter and ordered two pieces of cake and a cup of macchiato for myself. He smiled shyly and lolled his head. We wrote and chatted about many things. How his parents yelled at him for staying up all night and play with his phone, which was texting me. And gossiping about our art teacher's fair and about other random people. Jimin has already removed the patch on his eye, and the blue mark faded a little, but still there, I got curious, so I asked, 'By the way, who was that guy who hit you? what does he want?' I felt him hesitating, then he looked at me, shaking his head while smiling awkwardly, saying it's nothing. 'Come on, you can tell me' I was nodding to make him feel secure. hesitantly, he reached for the pen and wrote, 'He is my senior in my major, he asked me to help him with his homework and essays' 'why did he hit you then?' he refused to say, that's when I reached a hand to his. He looked at my calming eyes, and  he trusted me and wrote it, 'He got an F in his last essay, the one I wrote, and because the teacher knows his level he knew it was made by someone else''So he made it your fault?' he nodded slowly, barely. Fuck, that son of the bitch is bullying him! I felt so angry and tightened my fists, this time his hand came to mine, he shook his head and wrote quickly, 'Don't do anything stupid, I told you because I trust you, please I don't want any problems' That's right, it's because he trusts me, he confessed, and I won't disappoint him. It's actually comforting me to know he does. I smiled reassuringly,'Don't worry I won't...but know that I'll always be here when he comes ;)' His eyes were stick on the notebook, grinning. He used a sign this time, with both hands tapping on his chin, :(Thank you).  It was really boring...I walked Jimin to the library where he has to perform his volunteering hours. Like last time, I sat in my place while he was arranging the books back in their places. I was playing with my phone and checking the time over and over, it’s really quiet and boring! I heard some gasps and huffing. When I looked up, Jimin was struggling to slid a book in the upper shelf, he was too short to do so. I chuckled and moved to help him, slipping my hand from above his head to slide the book in. "Ask for help next time.." I said, he mouthed a thanks and smiled. My breath hitched for I was so near that I can see the details of his face. His smile was blinding me and my face started to burn up, he must have saw how red I became because his eyes widened and he turned away very fast, and so did I. When I glanced back his face was flushed red too! It was so awkward we didn't know what to do, thankfully the library's supervisor came, "Hello Jimin! And hello Jungkook! I see you became best friends!" "Y-yeah.." She turned to see Jimin, "What's wrong dear?! Are you on fever?! Your face is red!" "Oh! No! H-he just worked a lot a-and he is tired..hahaha...that's why I'm helping with this!" I took the bunch of books he was carrying and ran to arrange them, actually running to even my heart's strong throbs. I stood behind the big shelf, patting my chest to calm. He was so freaking near! I thought I was going to die with a heart attack! His lips were flawless even looking at it from very near, with the upper lip having the same thick size as the bottom it gives a round plump pout that's tempting to suck!  I was so frustrated with the books in my hand, I was in a dilemma for it was my first time dealing with books' sorting. There was numbers and letters written in the end of the cover, and I have no freaking idea what they mean! After what felt like ages, I felt a hand crawling to grip what was in my hand, I was startled by Jimin's figure right beside me, and so suddenly. "J-Jimin!" He smiled and pointed at one of the book's sorting codes then at the shelves, it had a sticker that showed a range of numbers, and the number of book in his hand was included in the range. He was teaching me. He looked between the standing books and slipped the one in his hands. "Uh-ha! Now I get it!" I helped with the rest of the books, and we were able to finish early. It benefits me actually, now he finished beforehand his original time, we can go and have fun.  Jimin exclaimed with his hands that's the weather is nice, so we sat on a bench in the campus, and we took out our drawing kits. He was so talented, drawing with the skills of Davinchi himself! He was deaf, but he was given another talent, a gift. "Wow...how can you do that?" I tried to copy him, but the flower that I drew wasn't as good as his. He chuckled while I was focusing too much on my sketch, his hands came to touch mine and direct me. His small hand that couldn't cover mine was moving my hand to draw better. His body scooped near to lean on my sketch, I can see his face from above where he is leaning, god! He is so near again! I can't keep looking, my throat tightened and can't even swallow the drool that formed from his exposed neck! I had to turn my head away, his smell is hitting so strongly into my head and makes it spin! Shit! It's hardening! My dick is hardening! It's poking the sketchbook that was on my lap! I have to shake it away! I pulled my pencil away from the sketchbook and his hand didn't leave mine yet. He turned to look at me, face inches away and furrowing. He let go of my hand, finally, and steadied his back, his expressions were still questioning me, "I-I have a s-stomachache..." I rubbed a hand on my abdomen, and his mouth parted in worry. "I-I need to go back" I got up and signed a goodbye. I ran away and left him alone, I couldn't bare staying there! I had to leave so the hardness would go away. I don't want him to know that I love him, what if he had a negative reaction?!I busted to my room and shut the door. Taehyung wasn’t here, I entered the bathroom and stripped from pants to see my wood standing pride. “Shit…” It’s so hard and I can’t ignore it. I reached for it to wrap my fingers around it and started pumping slowly. The picture of Jimin’s face was stuck in my head as I was jerking myself. I stepped backward to sit on the edge of the bathtub and moved my hand faster. “J-Jimin…” I used my other hand to play with the my wet slit, smearing the pre-cum for me to slide my fingers better. It felt so good, imagining Jimin doing this with me. Small hands jerking off my shaft while kissing my lips and teasing my nipples. He dropped on his knees to engulf my dick with his thick glossy lips, I arched my back and he sucked really hard while popping his head. His sparkling charming eyes looking at me, expanding my chest to an extent I didn’t know I can reach from the heavy breaths. He swallowed my whole meat till it hit his throat. His tight throat felt incredible, I fisted his silky black hair, scratching his scalp whenever he clicks his tongue. My peak was near, and the pace on my dick fastened so much, withdrawing to lick long stripes and engulfing it again. “Jimin!” I moaned loudly and the last thing I felt was my thighs going rigid as the hot liquid smudged Jimin’s face…? What? Was all of this just a figment of my imagination? I looked at my hand that was covered in white cum, still can’t absorb what just happened. It felt so real, and so good. After I was down from my orgasm I noticed that I left the bathroom door open. When I cleaned myself and went out, Taehyung was sitting on the bed with headphones covering his ears while riffling a magazine. He saw me and removed one of the headphones, “Oh, you have finished already?” Holy shit! He heard me!!  ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* “How much did you see?!” “What?!” “How much did you see?!!” “Just you jerking off and moaning Jimin’s name..” “Oh fuck! Taehyung! You should have talked, I can’t believe this!” “What did you want me to say?! ‘Sorry Jungkook can you jerk off silently without moaning Jimin’s name?’?!!” “Stop saying that?!” “Saying what?!!” “I don’t wanna talk anymore! I’m going to sleep!” I jumped on my bed and covered myself with the blanket, not even wishing him a good night. It was freaking embarrassing!!  Next morning, I was very afraid to meet Jimin. I left him yesterday without saying goodbye or anything. I hope he is not angry at me. We texted and decided to meet in front of the library. He was standing there and waiting for me, and he looked ridiculously good. The bright blue suspenders with a white tee beneath it, like it was designed for him, while I was wearing black in black, I felt so negative. He smiled brightly for me and came running, thank god, he is not mad. He stood right before me and waved for a ‘Hi’. “Hey…” I signed : (how are you?): (good, how is your stomach?) : (fine, thank you) I got the hook of it, now I can use these signs more easily. And I was able to understand the next signs, even though I didn’t really have to learn them, : (I’m so happy today!) : (really? Why?) He grinned and this time typed in his Blackberry, ‘My parent says you can come over my place and even sleepover, only if you want to..’ Only if I want to? Of course I want to!! Sleeping in the same room with Jimin!! I was immersed in my daydreams and didn’t give an answer until he patted my chest lightly, “Oh, yeah, sure..” I was nodding along, and he smiled widely while capturing his lips between his teeth, he was excited too. He stretched his hand for me, asking me to grab it, I did, and wished I didn’t. His small chubby soft hands were heavenly good to be true! Does he take care of his hands or something? No way this would be a hand of a boy! He dragged me behind him to outside the college through the gates. I felt like I was spelled under his hands, I had classes, but I don’t give a fuck! Jimin is holding my hands! My hands is against his hand!! Jimin’s hand! I was watching his back the whole time, the short hair on his white smooth nape, the way the suspenders’ belts crossed on his back to show his shoulder blades in a shape of wings, as if he was an angel. He is an angel dragging me to heavens. Looking lower, I felt so dizzy and breath tokin. His ass was appealing through the jeans material, it was firm and fine. Fuck! Why does he had to wear it so tight?! Before I realized it, we arrived to his house. It was kind of big and neat, so delightfully painted with yellow. It had nice bushes surrounding it and the entrance was fancy, a three steps stairs with a brown wooden door, a small flower basket hanged on it. It’s just how I imagined Jimin’s environment, bright and peaceful. He stopped and pointed at the house then at himself, : (this is my house) “Okay, let’s go in there…” I was slightly nervous from meeting his family members, wonder if he had a sister or a brother?! Will they look like him?As soon as we entered, his parents heard the noise and came rushing. “Jiminnie dear! You’re back already?!” A woman approached and cupped his cheeks to kiss him on the forehead, she must be the mother. She was pretty, has a long black hair just like Jimin’s, and a fair thin face. I flenched when her eyes landed on me, “you’re Jungkook, right? Jimin never stop talking about you!” “Uh...i-is that so?” He does?! He keeps talking about me?! Is it true what Taehyung said?! He..likes me?! He lightly slapped his mother’s hand while grumping. : (stop it!) he was embarrassed from his mother, which was totally cute. A man approached, the father?“Oh, if it isn’t Jimin’s new friend?” “Jeon Jungkook..” I shook his hand firmly, it was strong and big. His face though looks stronger, charismatic small eyes and a manly mustache. He smiled for me and I smiled back, “Nice to meet you kid...I’m happy to hear that there is someone taking care of our son, thank you..” “No problem…” Jimin patted my shoulder to pay him attention, then he pointed upstairs and clasped my hand to drag me. “Have fun together!” The mother shouted as we already reached his room at the end of the hallway. His room was sooooo like him. Neat and shining. The furniture was white, and the walls were a light degree of turquoise. But what attracted me the most was the canvases hanged on the walls and shattered in the corners of the room. There was a lot of drawings, and each one is better than the other. I couldn’t keep my jaw closed for how beautifully his art was! It wasn’t colorful, but the way he uses charcoal to show lengths and shadows it’s just brilliant! And there was someone on the canvas in front of me, a beautiful lady, it’s his mother!! It looks so similar like it was taken by a camera! “You draw this?!” He smiled shyly and nodded. “Jimin...this is so brilliant…you’re so talented..” My eyes won’t budge from the art piece, it was just so well detailed. He bumped me to turn at him, : (do you want me to draw you too?) : (you can?) He nodded, then moved to place his stand and settling a canvas on it. He instructed me to sit on the bed and back behind the canvas. He signed with his hand for me to hold still, and started sketching. I felt so tensed and nervous, Jimin was observing every detail of me, biting his lips now and then in focusing mode. He was able to sketch the outlines when his mother entered the room with a snacks plate. He took a break to eat with me, and we were chatting on paper. ‘It’ll take a long time to finish your drawing’‘It’s fine take your time in it :)’ he chuckled and munched his sandwich. Jimin seems to live a very normal life, even though he is deaf. He can express himself, laugh and even make jokes. Yeah right! He can make sounds like laughing and whining, then can he talk?! I got so curious, so I wrote down, ‘Have you ever tried speaking?’ His hands near his mouth dropped down, and so his expression. He shook his head, and I wrote, ‘why not?’ He took the pen and wrote, ‘Because everyone would laugh at me’‘I won’t!’ And I draw two lines under it to emphasize it. He gave a fade smile and placed his hand on my mine, my heart skipped a beat at the sudden touch. He was patting my hand as a gratitude. I smiled back, and without noticing, his face was so near, but he didn’t turn away like last time, he was staring at my facial for so long. I felt my head leaning forward till it was an inch what is separating us. It’s going to happen!!!Suddenly the door flew open, and I jumped away from him before his mother can see us. “Dear can you come and help me with the dishes?” She was talking and signing with her hand at the same time, before Jimin grabs the plate and walk out of the room, I was able to see how flushed his face was. Now I was able to make sure, Jimin does love me back!  We helped in cleaning the kitchen, I was drying the dishes behind Jimin and his mother who were washing the dishes. Suddenly a strong hand gripped my wrist and I was dragged by Jimin’s dad. No one noticed us going to the hallway before the front door. He was very harsh hauling me and push me to the wall. He slammed a hand beside my head on the wall which made me flench in fear. This man’s thick arm is scary as hell! He would snap my neck without so much effort! “What do you want?” Almost growling out. “H-huh?!” “What do you want from Jimin?!” “What?! What do you mean?!” “Don’t act stupid! I know you want something! All of you using my little child! Is that just because he is an easy prey since he can’t hear?!!” “S-sir I don’t know what you’re talking about...me and Jimin a-are just friends-” “Don’t lie to me!!” He growled again, making my eyes shut on their own. “What benefits you in companying a deaf boy while you have a lot other well conditioned kids?!!” Oh shit...he didn’t say that now, did he?! Is he disgracing his kid?! Right then, Jimin popped his head and saw what’s going on, his father caging me to the wall, and I was trembling as a weak leaf. He came rushing to pull me away and slightly pushing his father. “Jimin it’s not what you think!” His father was trying to explain, but he was shaking his head as he was questioning what’s going on. The father signed, somethings I couldn’t translate. And Jimin was replying  with more unrecognizable signs. The only thing I understood was they were fighting. It was silent, but it was as fierce as loud normal fights are. The man kept pointing at me!! I honestly can’t understand a thing!! Then he wasn’t able to keep silent and he yelled whilst his hands were moving. “JIMIN! LISTEN TO YOUR FATHER!! I SAID STAY AWAY FROM HIM!!” What?! Is he talking about me?! What did I do?! He reached to grip my shoulder and tried to pull me away from Jimin, but the boy was fast in slapping his hand off of me. He glared at his father, and when the man reached his max, he slapped Jimin very hard! The boy almost flew! He stood there astonished as I did, staring with teary eyes at his father. He shook his head in disbelieve and the man admitted that he crossed the line. “Jimin, son, I’m sorr-” Jimin pushed him to go out of the front door and away from the house. “JIMIN!!” He tried to follow, but I nudged him aside to do so. He doesn’t deserve to be his father, and doesn’t deserve to be the one to put him at rest right now. I ran aimlessly in the streets. I don’t know which way he went, I need to find him before he can hurt himself! Could he possibly went back to the college?! My prediction was right, as I reached the main gate I saw him standing, but not alone. There were four guys surrounding him, and one of them was the asshole who bullied him. He was tugging Jimin from his hand, and Jimin refused to obey, the boy just got out of a family shock, he can’t handle this too! I ran fast toward them, aiming my fist right into his face and knocked him down. His friends were giant too, I can’t fight against them alone, well Jimin can’t use his small hands! So, I locked his wrist with my fist and pulled him, “LET’S RUN!!” I ran away, but I wasn’t as fast as I can go, Jimin was stumbling and his stips weren’t steady, almost falling. I was decreasing my speed for him to catch up, but the men were running after us, and I had no choice but to hit the ground hard to fasten my pace. Jimin made small whimpering sounds he probably doesn’t realize he is making them for he can’t hear. They were mixed with his pants. We found a truck beside the corner of the building, and I felt so sorry for dragging Jimin this harshly and pushing him to hide behind it, it was the only way to run away from them. Jimin was still whimpering, with a loud shaking voice, it’s aching that’s he can’t talk but he can make this pitiful noises. I had to cover his mouth with my palm, he can’t hear how loud he is. I was trying to listen carefully if they’ve gone away or not, and I felt something hot on my thumb, also a puff of air on my palm. When I looked at him he was sobbing, I don’t know if it was because he is scared or because he got slapped by his dad. I pressed his head to my chest while still covering his mouth. And when I focused strongly, the men took a different rout and lost us. I released him, and he retreated only to curl on his knees, head buried between them. I can hear his broken sobs. with a hand rubbing his back, I tried to calm him, it’s the only thing I can do since he won’t be able to hear my words. We stayed like that for about twenty minutes, he kept weeping for twenty minutes! I was suffocated in pain and heart aches for the poor boy. I scooped closer and wrapped his tiny shoulders under my arm. He was shrugging in quiet sobs, like hiccups, I just hugged him tighter as I was out of ideas. “Jimin...are you okay?” He steadied his back. I brushed his damp hair and straddled in front of him. “Jimin...are you okay?!” He remained with no answer, only staring at me blankly. I signed, : (it’s okay, you’re gonna be fine) he breathed a heavy sigh and looked in his pockets, thankfully he brought his Blackberry. He typed slowly and lazily, it took him forever to show it to me. ‘He called you a hustler and that you’re looking for an advantage of me...is that true Jungkook?’ His father? God dammit this man! I would never use or hurt an innocent kid like Jimin!! “No!! It’s not true Jimin!” He is back typing, tears falling on the screen and washing his face again. ‘He always does this to me, whenever I get a new friend he comes and ruin it! I don’t know if he was protecting me or just making me more miserable and trapped in my silent world!!’ Ouch...that hurt my heart, ‘my silent world’, it feels disturbing just imagining a completely silent world. He threw his phone in anger and hid his face between his knees and cried.“Shh, it’s okay! I-I’m here with you!” I rubbed his back and caressed his arm just to calm him down. I wished he can hear me, I wish he can hear how my heart is breaking right now for the pitiful sobs he is making. I want him to hear me say it out loud! I love you!! I want to scream this words to the whole world and let them know that no one will ever hurt Jimin while I’m around again! I cupped his cheeks and lift his head up, and mouthed a sentence, a sentence he couldn’t absorb at first, tangling his eyebrows. So I used the sign, : (I love you), “I love you Jimin…” He was moving away slowly in disbelief, and shaking his head. “I love you Jimin!! I love you!! And I won’t stop saying it till you understand it!” I know he understood what I said, but he didn’t react for he didn’t know how. That’s why I led the way, I moved closer to his face where I was hovering so near to his mouth, when I saw no resistance, I connected our lips. I kissed him. I was kissing Jimin’s heavenly lips. Who knew that after all what happened today, it was going to end up like this. He closed his eyes, and welcomed the kiss by pushing his head forward. We kissed passionately, not lust or anything, just pure love. Jimin won’t be hurt again, I will not allow it, not when he finally became mine. I parted away and looked at his pained face, I moved my hand to wipe his tears and kiss his soft cheek. I can taste salt on it from the tears he shed. His face turned red, and I saw how he gulped hardly. I stood and pulled him to stand with me, “let’s go home Jimin..” I held his hand and tugged him behind me to go to his house’s direction. He rooted in place and gripped my hand firmly to pull me backward. “What’s wrong?” He shook his head several times, “you don’t want to go back?” He nodded. I can’t force him, if I were him I wouldn’t go back either. But we can’t stay here, those men might comeback. So I dragged him to our dorm, sneaking between buildings to not being seen, until we safely arrived. When I entered the room using my key, Taehyung was there. Lounging on his bed and wearing a white tank with a boxer. “Oh! Jungkook you’re ba-!!” He covered himself when he saw Jimin with the blanket. “J-J-Jungkook!! You should have warned me that you’re coming with Jimin!! This is so embarrassing!” Jimin was already giving his back to not see him, and he stood immediately to wear a pants. “Sorry, it happened suddenly..” I pulled Jimin in and let him sit on my bed, there was no where else to sit, the room had two beds, one desk, one closet, and a bathroom. Not fancy as our college pretends, but fair enough. “What do you mean suddenly? And what’s wrong with Jimin?” He noticed his puffed eyes and dirty clothes from sitting on the mud. “A guy was bullying Jimin, and I punched his face to run away...and looks like he’ll come back...I don’t know..” “Who was it?!” Jimin participated in the conversation with his Phone. He read Taehyung’s lips and typed something to show it to him. Taehyung gave a scary expression, dropping his jaw and widening his eyes at me. “Namjoon?!!! You found no one to fight with but Namjoon?!!!” “Why? Who is this Namjoon?” “Seriously you don’t know the biggest bullier in our college?!!” “The biggest bullier? You call him big? Well I smashed his nose twice!!” “Shit Jungkook!! This is nothing to laugh about!! He will comeback for you with his gang! Jungkook I heard stories about him and his gang, and it ain’t funny at all!!”“Whatever..” I moved to sit beside Jimin and signed, : (you okay?): (I don’t know..): (it’s okay, I’m here with you) Jimin’s clothes were stained, so I picked the smallest tee and pants from the closet and handed it to him while signing,: (go and take a shower, and wear these, sorry I don’t have a small size) : (it’s fine, thank you) and he got up to the bathroom, closing the door behind him. “Jungkook! What was that?!” I heard Taehyung screaming behind me. “What’s what?” “These moves, you learned the sign language?!! God you were like a pro there!” “Nah, I’m still a beginner..” “When did you have time to do this?!” “I learned most of it from Jimin..” He grinned and bit his lip. “What?” “Awww that’s so romantic! You learned a new language for your love!!” I don’t know why , but I felt my cheeks burning and I blushed. “A-anyway...he fought with his family...I think he’ll stay with us tonight..” “Fought? Oh…..but where will he sleep?” “Huh?!” I didn’t put that in account. “Where will he sleep? There is no place but to share a bed, and I don’t share!” “Who said I’ll let him sleep with you anyway?!” “Oooh right! He’ll be sleeping with his beloved Kookie!” “Taehyung!! Stop it!” Seriously, another word and I was about to punch him, but Jimin came out of the bathroom. He was so adorable with my oversize white tee, even though I gave him the smallest one, it was large on him. He smiled for me and pointed at me then the bathroom. “Yeah, yeah..I’m going to shower too..” I glared at Taehyung to threaten him to not do something stupid while I’m gone, and he smiled cutely, acting like an angel.  When I was out after a warm shower, Jimin was beside Taehyung and they were giggling. “What are you talking about?” “Nothing..” He sneakily hid the notebook they were writing on behind his back, but I saw it. I moved quick and snitched it from behind him. Holy shit! No he didn’t!! He was telling Jimin about my old embarrassing stories of my first year in college!! Jimin was looking at me and laughing with his hand covering his mouth. I never felt so cringed like this before! “Taehyung! You son of- come here!!!” I won’t rest tonight till I break a bone in him! “No! No! Calm down! You don’t want to show Jimin your bad side!!” I twisted his arm and he was yelling and begging, and just for this was amusing enough for Jimin to laugh his heart content with a voice that was a harp simili, I let him off.   We chatted a lot, the three of us, before going to bed. And I never was excited to go to bed like today. Me and Jimin are sharing the same bed. I let him take the wall side, he lied, then I lied awkwardly beside him. I couldn’t possibly look at him from this near and stay calm or actually sleep! So I flipped on the other side away from him. After struggling to remain calm and drowsiness began controlling, I felt his hand snaking my abdomen, then his chest pressed to my back. He was hugging me!! What do I do?! I was paralyzed! His breath was hitting my neck and it’s all shooting to my dick!!! Oh god please don’t make me ruin this!! I turned slowly to his direction, and my heart sank when I saw his pout. I couldn’t help but to scoop closer and hug him to my chest. He let a long sigh that was accompanied with a small whimper. I bucked away to retrieve my phone on the nightstand beside me, and typed for him. It’s dark and I bit we won’t be able to understand each other with signs.‘Don’t be mad at your father, he was just trying to protect you’ He stared at the screen to read, then took it from my hand to type, ‘I know...I just realized it…’ I expected that from him, Jimin is a kind kid who won’t stay mad at his father. He typed again, ‘I was thinking about something else..’ ‘What is it?’ His hands raised to my face, and he thumbed my lips. He was thinking of our kiss!! Oh my god! Like I needed something to burn me up more?! He got closer to my face, and without warning connected our lips. It was short, very short, he parted away to look at me, and when I saw his half lidded eyes, I wasn’t able to control myself. I jumped above him and straddled my knees, lowering my head to kiss him passionately and slow. The sensation of his pillowy lips was out of this world! I used my tongue to lick it and I felt so dizzy when I heard his small moan. Shit! I don’t want to go all the way tonight! But my cock is just painful right n- ”uh!” All thoughts faded when he bucked his hips and grind at me out of instinct. I moaned too loud and I was afraid Taehyung might hear us! But this is the first time I thank god he is a heavy sleeper. Jimin wants it, and I want it, but before that, I needed to confirm something. I pinned his hips down and typed in my phone for him, ‘Have you done this before?’ His shaky hands came to the phone, ‘I have done it alone...but you’re the first I do this with’ I’m his first...I’m Jimin’s first!! I grinned widely and kissed the corner of his mouth, then typed, ‘Do you want to do it?’ He nodded, eagerly. And that was it before I connect our lips again and reach down to palm his tent slightly. His eyes went shut and head fell backward away from my lips. His moan was so high pitched, it’s so beautiful!! But Taehyung is with us!! I cupped his mouth with my other hand to muffle his voice while continuing to palm, harder now. He didn’t complain about the hand on his mouth, he also reached to my bulge and cupped my hard dick. Fuck! His small hand against my penis!! Is this a dream?! I took the first move of unzipping and unbuttoning his pants to palm the hardness behind his boxer. He was puffing hot air against my hand, and it only turned me more on! He rushed to do the same, slipping my pajama pants down, and stroke the shaped member behind the fabric. I needed to muffle my moans, but both of my hands are busy, so I lowered my head to suck his neck and collarbones and his back arched almost painfully. I was more daring, and I slipped my hand inside his boxer and he arched again, shutting his eyes. And when I slipped his boxer down to reveal his dick, his hands moved quickly to cover himself. I was so near to his face, and I bet he can read my lips, “Don’t worry, trust me..” We locked eyes for a moment, then his hands moved away to make me see him. Cute. The first word that jumped to my mind when I saw his red headed penis, he was so clean and shaved, not like most boys, not like mine! His blush was no joke, even in this dark I can see how red his cheeks were. I slipped my pants to reveal mine so he would feel less embarrassed. I pressed my bare shaft to his and started to grind forward and backward. He was panting hard and I felt how suffocated he was, so I removed my hand. I don’t give a damn about Taehyung’s sleeping, Jimin is right now writhing under me in pleasure! And I’m horny for my release as hell! I gripped both of our cocks and jerked them together, and I was going faster and faster every moment. His moans were loud for he can’t hear himself, and I swallowed those moans with a sloppy kiss. My peak was near, and I can tell he was too. I increased the pace, and the sinful sounds of our leaking dicks were enough to make me cum hard on Jimin’s clothed stomach. I continued stroking through my oragsm and leading Jimin to his. He arched up and came with a long moan on my hand. I fell above him and tried to catch my breath, his heaving chest was raising me up and down. I can clearly hear how his heart was thudding fast and hard. It’s beautiful, even his heartbeats were like a melody to my ear. I hugged his chest and his hands snaked me too. I’m happy, I can’t wish more than this. I really love Jimin.  When morning raised, Jimin changed his ‘wet’ clothes, and exclaimed he has to go back home for his parents would be worried. I walked him on the empty streets of dawn. It was quiet and peaceful, and there was nobody, so I reached Jimin’s dangling hand and interlocked his fingers with mine. He looked at me with a blush dusting his cheeks, and a warm a smile. I’m definitely dreaming, walking while tangling hands is a great gift of god! I should turn to a religious or something! When we were finally there, Jimin stood in front of the door awkwardly, we still can’t believe that we did what we did. I scratched the back of my head then spoke, “Well, ummm...have a nice sleep?” I giggled and so he did. “I love you Jimin..” I said, then kissed his temple which made him blush even more and lower his head. I gave him the ‘I love you sign’ when he turned to look at me on his way inside, he smiled and rushed in out of shyness. “Cute…” I walked my way back when my phone buzzed in my pocket. I swiped it open to find a message from Jimin, ‘I love you too’  ---------------------------- Someone please slap me to wake me up! Is this a dream?! No, it’s all true...I’M holding Jimin’s hand right now and we are going on a date!! My dreams came true! We are couples right now! I was so content and swayed our interlocked hands in air. He was so shy, face dusted slightly with pink. We were going to have lunch together in a near restaurant, I invited him on my charge, after a lot of struggle though. He attempted to sit on the table of two, but I acted out and dragged the chair for him, I smirked and jumped my eyebrows. He chuckled and sat on the chair and I pushed him near the table. See what I did there? So gentle~ We couldn’t eat for we were moving our hands to chat together. Many eyes were on us, Jimin mostly, but I don’t give a shit! This moment will be carved in my heart forever! After we payed the check, we clasped hands and walked in this bright day in the public park. Jimin saw some empty swings and he ran while dragging me to it. He occupied one and grinned while swaying his legs, waiting for me to push him. “Okay, okay!” I turned around and pushed him lightly at first, and when he came back at me, he furrowed for I wasn’t there to push him. I was in a far distance, waiting for the right chance. I ran fast to the swing and jumped to place my feet on each side of Jimin without hurting him. The swing flew forward from my weight, and I laughed when I heard Jimin’s scared gasps. We swang very far up to the sky, and Jimin kept clinging to my legs in fear. “WHOA~” It was so refreshing, the air hitting my face, the clear view of the blue sky, and Jimin with me. I’m just the happiest person on earth!! Jimin started to like it and he was laughing, uhhhh! can this get any better?! It was sunset, and I had to take Jimin back home. I feel so sad already, I won’t be able to meet him daily now for our finals are on the doors. He was pouting in front of his house, holding my hands, he too was so sad. But it’s okay, we are couple now! Nothing will keep us apart! I leant forward to peck a kiss on his pout, and he smiled shyly. I waved for him as he was going in and I signed : (good night).  Back at our dorm, Taehyung wasn’t being himself. He was so silent and...reading?! He never does that! “Taehyung-ah…” “Yeah..” “Is something wrong?” “Why do you even bother yourself asking?” “What? Taehyung what’s wrong?” “Nothing Jungkook...just leave me alone…”“Not until you tell me what’s going on” “Nothing is going on..” “Taehyung!!” I sat beside him and looked into his eyes, “Taehyung...please...I’m your friend you can tell me..” “You don’t need to know...just go and have fun with your Jimin..” “What do you mean? What does Jimin has to do with this?” “Didn’t you notice that you’re started to...forget about your roommate?” “Roommate? You?” “Yeah, me!! You go daily with Jimin from morning till night and you come back to sleep then go the next day without even saying anything to me!! You totally forgot about me! This Jimin has taken you from me!!” “I’m sorry Taehyung! I didn’t know!” He stood and shouted in anger, “Yeah you didn’t know! Because this stupid Jimin has washed your brain!!” No, I’ll not allow any insult to Jimin, even if it was Taehyung! “Take that back…” “I won’t!!” “I said take it back!!” I couldn’t control my rage and bucked to yank his shoulders strongly and he fell backward, head rammed to the nightshift. Fuck!! I overreacted! I didn’t want to hurt him! He stood slowly and tried to pass by me, “T-Tae...I’m sorry I didn’t mean-” I grabbed his arm but he jerked my hand. “No, I shouldn’t have said it...just go enjoy with him and never mind me…” His voice was low, he was about to cry and he rushed out of the room. What have I done?!  I couldn’t go after him, I fucking screwed! Taehyung have always been a good friend and helped me. He was the one who helped me getting closer to Jimin, if it wasn’t for him, I wouldn't have become with him, I would still be that pathetic guy who watches Jimin from afar, chickening out in talking to him. I wanted to go after him, but I feel so much a jerk that I can’t even face him. I was fucking enjoying myself and forgot all about my best friend. What should I do?!  I waited till late at night, waiting for his return. I fell asleep while at it, and when my alarm rang I woke up to find his bed still empty. Where did he go?! It was freaking early, and the coldest during the day. I wore my jacket and went looking for him. Taehyung had many friends, but not too close to be able to sleep with them. Where could he go?! I searched the whole dorm and campus, and no sign of him!!  I waited and waited for him in our room, I didn’t attend my classes waiting for him in case he came back. I was so fucking worried and called him many times, but he won’t answer me. I received a new message, it was from Jimin. ‘Where R U?’ I want to see him, but I had to fix things up with Taehyung first, I need to stay here. ‘Sorry can’t see U 2day :(‘‘Y?!’ ‘I’ll tell U later..’ I hate rejecting him, shit why does this has to happen to me?! It was just perfect yesterday morning with Jimin! He texted again, ‘Does it has to do with your friend?’ ‘How did u know?!’ ‘Cuz he is sitting in front of me rn and u need to come quickly!!’ ‘What happened?!!’ ‘U need to see for yourself’ ‘Omw!’ he gave me the the description of where they were in the farthest part of the campus, and I ran as fast as my legs can go. I was able to spot Jimin standing and gnawing his lips, he saw me and waved. I stopped to catch my breath before asking, “Where is he?!” He pointed at the emergency stairs of a building, he was sitting there, head buried between his knees. I instructed Jimin to wait here and went there. I reached him slowly and nervously, I started talking, “T-Taehyung…” He raised his head in surprise of my voice. Wait...what’s this?!! His eye! It’s black! His face was tortured with bruises!! Who did this?! He stood and attempted to leave, I clasped his hand to stop him, no way I’d leave him in such condition. “Let me go…” “Who did this to you?” “Leave me alone…” “Who did this to you?!” “You wouldn’t care…” “I DO FUCKING CARE!!” I tugged him to look at me, his eyes were watery and I just can’t control my anger. Whoever did this I swear he’ll pay!! “Taehyung...who did this?” I touched his bruises, he pulled his head away and mewled lowly. “It doesn’t matter…” “It does to me!! Taehyung you’re my brother! A-and I’m really sorry!” He looked away for a tear ran on his cheek, but he wiped it quickly and chuckled. Taehyung, he is really a kind bright person, after I was this cruel with him, he can still smile for me. “Jungkook it’s really okay I don’t want you to get hurt…” He even still care about me! I literally hate myself right now!!“Who’s it?” He kept silence for a moment, then spoke, “I warned you about him, didn’t I?” What does he mean? The guy who bullied Jimin?!! So he wants to play around with me? Oh, it’s so on!! “He came looking for you, and he knew we are friends…” “Where did he go?” “Jungkook just forget-” “WHERE DID HE GO?!!” “I-I don’t know…” I remember that he was the same major as Jimin, he must be in his department then. I took the action immediately and walked with long fast steps. I passed by Jimin who stopped me from my hand, he can see in my face that’s I’m going to do something stupid. : (don’t worry, stay with Taehyung) I signed and left the two of them. If anyone is going to teach that son of a bitch a lesson, it would be me! I let my anger lead me to his place, I searched the whole building for him and I’m able to recognize that damned face anywhere! He was in the student’s rest area, surrounded by other douchebags, I was looking at him while he was laughing out loud, like he can mess with my friends and get away with it, like he didn’t hurt the most innocent and kindest people on this earth!! I walked fast and busted between his friends to punch his face and wipe that smile for good! He flipped backward from his chair and wiggled on the floor. I didn’t spare him time to recover, climbed above him to repeatedly strike him with punches. His friends gripped both arms of me and got me off of him. I managed to elbow one of them and turned around to punch the other. They all attacked me at once, they are a group of cowards!! “SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT MOTHER FUCKERS!!” I was swaying my fists in air and knocked as many as I can of them, but there were too many of them. One of them kicked me to fall on the floor and pin me down. Two weren’t enough to hold me to the floor and I carried them above my back and shook them off of me, turning around to kick their abdomens. No one can stop me!! Not when my friends who got hurt!! I can taste copper in my mouth from their strikes, I started to get a little dizzy, but I won't stop till I kick the shit out of them! Namjoon was in front of me, and I rushed to punch him, but he was fast and avoided it and fisted my stomach. Damn he is so strong! It hurt like hell! Is that what Taehyung felt when he beat him?! I was igniting in wrath, blinded by hatred, and I gathered all my strength to break his jaw and send him to the floor. I approached his lying figure and muttered, “That’s what you get when you fuck with me and my friends..” I raised my foot to give him a final kick, but I heard a scream from afar. “STOP THIS MESS!!” I looked to see the security men with Taehyung and Jimin behind them, and they held us all in.  ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* “I can’t believe you actually tattled me Taehyung!!” “I had to! You’re doing something crazy!! And I didn’t want to see anyone hurt!!” “Well, thanks to you I lost five marks in my behaviour and perseverance!!” Jimin was sitting next to me, holding an ice pack to my face. He was frowning and checking how my face got bruised, a frow in anger. He told me not to do anything and he trusted me to not interfere. How can I?! Seeing my friends hurt and stay doing nothing is impossible to me! My hand find his that was holding the ice on my face, but he coldly yanked my hand away. “Jimin…” I held his wrist and let his hand down to see his face. “Jimin, I’m sorry..” He glared at me with a pout, slipping his phone out, ‘I TOLD YOU DON’T DO ANYTHING STUPID!’ he typed with capital letters, to indicate how angry he is. “I’m sorry I had to do something-” he was typing and didn’t give me a chance to communicate with him, ‘I TRUSTED YOU TO NOT MAKE TROUBLES!” “Jimin, look at me..” He was back typing, I stopped his hand and raised his head to connect our eyes. I froze looking at him, he was crying! Taehyung stood and spoke, “I-I think I’ll leave you alone…” And he got out of the room. Jimin jerked my hands and wiped his tears, I didn’t know how to react! He was back typing, then handed me the phone, ‘I was so worried’ he was worried about me! Damn this day that I made him feel like this! I typed, ‘I’m sorry, but I couldn’t stand watching that jerk hurt my dearest friends!’ He read it, and went still staring at the screen. He sighed and typed, ‘I know...thank you for kicking his ass’ I laughed and murmured before kissing his forehead and scoop him closer for a hug. “You’re welcome..” He parted away to cup my cheek and lean for a short kiss on the lips, and it was the right time to flirt, “I would do anything for my boyfriend..” I signed while saying it. He chuckled and blushed, and I couldn’t resist pecking his pink cheek. “Let’s get you home..” We walked out, and we found Taehyung waiting for us outside. Seeing his bruised face and smiling for me is breaking me, I caused this to him, I feel so much guilty. Jimin patted my shoulder and I looked to see his phone and what he wrote, ‘I can go by myself, stay with your friend’ Jimin is just big hearted, he is so kind and caring. I’m so lucky to have both of them for me. I nodded for him, Jimin smiled and caressed Taehyung’s arm before leaving to comfort him. We entered the room and I started, “Taehyung I-” “I’m sorry...I was selfish and only cared about my feelings...I should be happy for you now that you became close with your crush…” Shit, now I feel worse!! “No, Taehyun! I was selfish too! You helped me and I forgot about you…” “So you admit it!!” I rolled my eyes, “Yes...I admit it...and I’ll do anything to make you forget me..” I realized it late, Taehyung’s grin indicates no good, he’ll take his time now in using me. “Anything?!” I said it, and I can’t take it back, “Yes, anything…” I said cautiously, knowing his devilish intentions. He rested his chin on his thumb and index while humming in a deep thinking. “Buy me ice cream!” “Really?! Only that?!”“Well, I think that’s fair since both of us were selfish..” Awwww, my heart! Taehyung is just so kind! I shall buy him a stock of ice cream that can feed him for a year! “C’mere!” I couldn’t resist hugging him, Taehyung is the best friend ever! And Jimin is the best boyfriend ever! And I’m the happiest person ever!!  ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* I’m so desperate, so bored. I can’t get my mind to study, I keep eyeing my phone while thinking, “should I call or not?” It’s our finals, me and Jimin decided that we should stay in our homes and study well. It’s been three days since I last saw him, I can’t take it anymore! I want to see him! But I also want him to study well for his future….but still, I want to see his face!! It keeps haunting me while studying and can’t shake his picture from mind. I’m about to rip my hair from frustration, I was pulling it hard to distract me from thinking. “Jungkook...eyes on your book…” Taehyung who was studying on his bed said. “I can’t! Huff…” “All of that because of Jimin?” “I really missed him…” “It’s only one week you know! What would you do if he broke up with you or something?” “Don’t say that!!” “Fine! Just go back to your book and let me go to mine!” I rested my head on the table and tried to huff this desperation out of me when I felt the vibration of my phone on the table. It’s a message from Jimin!!! ‘Hey :)’ I texted back immediately, tongue between my teeth in excitement. ‘Hello :D’‘How R U?’‘Good! U?’ ‘*thumb* how’s your studying?’ ‘Booooring!’ ‘Kekekekeke’ I smiled like a goofy when I imagined him laughing cutely like that. I waited for it was shown that he was typing, ‘I missed you :(‘ awwww, how can I possibly take that! And the sad face! I typed, ‘I missed you 2 T.T’ ‘Can we like meet 4 lunch? Just for half an hour..’ ‘Yeah!! Sure! XD’ I was so happy that he spelled it first and fetched my wallet to get out, I heard Taehyung saying as I closed the door, “Say hi to Jimin for me!” Shit! How does he know?! My friend must be a psychic!  I ran through the campus, and I saw Jimin standing beside the bench he always use. He was simply beautiful, wearing a long sleeved yellow pullover. I also noticed something, he changed his hair style! He always have his bangs covering his forehead, he combed them up and...he trimmed his hair? It’s shorter! He was scanning the place, waiting for me. He didn’t notice me, so I played a prank, turning around behind him and approached slowly, I yelled to surprise him, but he didn’t get scared. How can I be so fool?! He can’t hear how’s he supposed to be shocked?! He felt me standing behind him and turned around to grin widely. “H-Hi…” I said awkwardly, I was disappointed from the failure of my prank. He jumped abruptly to hug my chest tightly, “whoa!” I chuckled and hugged him back, he was so cute I could die! He parted and pressed his index on his chin then at me to say : (I missed you). I signed, (I missed you too) I leant to kiss his revealed forehead, and I can see his blush better now. (You trimmed your hair?) (Yes, how do I look?) I used a sign I learned especially for Jimin, (You look pretty) he ducked his head in shyness with a smile, god! His reactions are simply beautiful! He was holding a bag that looked like a box, a lunch bag? I pointed at it, and he let me sit down on the bench and unzipped the bag to take out small boxes. (I packed you lunch) he signed. I was so happy! Finally we can do these things that couples do! “Thank you!” He opened the boxes, it was just so cute! He made egg rolls and decorated them with carrots cutted like flowers. He opened the rice box next, and he used seaweeds to write “J & J” I looked at him, and he explained by pointing at both of us. He wrote our initial letters together! how adorable!! But not as adorable as the fruits he cutted in different shapes in the last box. (Thank you) he smiled and picked the chopsticks to hand it to me. I tasted first, and widened my eyes from the delicious food, did he cook it himself? I asked that in signs, and he answered, (My mom helped me) imagining Jimin cooking with a cute little apron on his waist, aww and his mother helped him how innocent he is. We were enjoying the food like kindergarteners who got sausages as their lunch. He picked a piece of kiwi with his hands instead of chopsticks for his were stained with the eggs. This was my golden chance, I smiled widely while holding his wrist and took the piece in my mouth and sucked his thumb. His face was just hilarious, he was staring at me with wide eyes and red cheeks, and when I smiled he knew I was playing with him. His hand turned to a fist and started punching me lightly from embarrassment. “Ouch! Ouch! I’m sorry!” I picked an egg roll with my chopsticks and neared it to his mouth. He swayed his hand in air, and I know what he was going to say, the piece is too big. Jimin always eats with small bites, for once I wanted to see his mouth full. I insisted for him to open up and he was too polite to reject me so he opened widely to take the mouthful. He was trying hard to munch it, and it looked so cute! His cheeks were puffed like a squirrel and I couldn’t stop laughing. He discovered that I was again fooling around with him and back to punch me. “Ugh! I’m sorry! I won’t do it again!  It has been more than half an hour. We weren’t able to go back and get our asses to study. We sat there on the bench after eating, enjoying the breeze. The campus was empty, everyone must be studying for their finals. Jimin was very excited in his story about his visit to an art museum, signing fast that I couldn’t translate most of them. I wonder, can Jimin talk? Like normal talk, he can make some noises like when he is too excited he would make small “ahs”. And he can laugh for sure. He said before that everyone would laugh when he tried to speak, was it too weird? I want to see it. (Jimin, can you talk?) he looked at me with a dull face from the sudden question. He raised his hands to ask me if I meant the sign language, but I shook my head and rolled a finger beside my mouth to tell him (orally) he gave me a weird look, between sadness and nervousness. He hesitated then explained with the signs. I translated some words like (I can’t hear) and (my mouth) he used new signs that I couldn’t understand. When I took our “chatting note”, he got the message and wrote down, ‘I can’t hear, but my doctors said that there’s nothing wrong with my oral cavity’“Uha…” ‘I wasn’t born deaf so I learned how to speak..’ I wrote, ‘What happened? What made you deaf?’ ‘It was an accident, but my parents won’t tell me what it was’ are they hiding something? Never mind that, I need an answer if he can talk or not. He completed writing, ‘When I became deaf I was still able to speak, but not normally, that’s why everyone keeps laughing at me so I stopped talking’ that’s cruel, how can they possibly laugh at a disabled? Are they stone hearted?! But I still want to hear him, (Can you show me? Can you talk?) he remained still, he doesn’t want to do it, also doesn’t want to reject me. He inhaled and turned his body to face me. (I’ll try for you) he shifted nervously in his seat and signed again, (can you direct me to say your name?)  “O-okay...Jung..” I mouthed the first syllable precisely for him. I was so thrilled as he opened his mouth to speak, “J-Joan…” He said it wrong, it did sounds weird. Like he can’t control his tongue, or if he was drunk. But his voice, it was beautiful as I imagined it, thin and soft. I shook my head and pronounced again, “Jung!” “J-Juh...Jun” I showed him a thumb when he said it, not too perfectly, but well enough for me. Then the next syllable, “Kook!” “Oo..” He can’t read if I was saying a “k” or “g” for it made back near my throat. So I used the signs alphabet to show him the “k” letter. He stared and tried again, “kook!” It sounded very weird, so weird and disturbing actually. He produced a sound between the “k” and the “q”. But even though, you can’t imagine how happy I was when I heard my name directly from his mouth. He spelled it whole, “Joankook!” He was nodding to ask for approving if it was right or not. I reached to cup his cheek, a smile was drawn on my face without me noticing. “Thank you…” He signed, (Does it make you happy when I talk?) “Yes...so much..” I nodded along. (Then, I’ll try speaking again only for you) I don’t know how to reply with the signs, so I wrote it down, ‘You don’t have to if you don’t like it’ He took the pen and replied, ‘If it meant to make you happy, I’ll do anything’ “Jimin…” I leant closer, and he did the same, till I captured his lips. His thick lips were so intoxicating, tugging perfectly against mine. Our head tilted and our hands moved to caress everywhere. It felt so incredible, and so right.  I walked him back to his house, interlocking fingers and swaying our arms backward and forward. In front of the house, Jimin’s father was shearing the bushes. Our relationship became awkward after the last incident, but Jimin and his thankfully was back to normal. “H-hi Mr. Park…” I waved awkwardly, and he waved back. “Yeah, hi…” “Goodbye Jimin..” I waved for him and attended to leave when he entered the house. His father called before I go, “Jungkook...can I have a word with you?” “Huh? Y-yeah sure…” Now what does he want?! I walked to stand near him, and he placed his hands on his waist, looks like it’s serious.“Ummm..I don’t know how to say this but...I’m sorry about last time when I...you know..” “Oh! No, no, it’s fine!” “Jimin told me about your relationship together…” “R-really?!!” Oh! Now it’s gonna be more awkward!! Why Jimin? Why?! “Don’t worry, it’s not like I mind if my son was gay..” “Uh...good to hear that...hahaha…” Shit! I feel so awkward!! “But be sure...I’ll not let anyone hurt Jimin...so be careful, because I’ll be watching…” Ok, that’s spooky! I should watch out when I kiss Jimin in public again. “Well...I should be the one saying that because, I won’t let anyone hurt him either!” I dared his fierce eyes, and he smirked, “Jimin have always been hurt from people around him...but I can’t just keep him trapped in the house and not let him live normally...me and his mother tried to treat him normally for him to not underestimate himself and his talents...it hurt me as a father when I see him sad of his disability, but he is my son no matter what his flaws were, and I hope you treat him good..” Flaws? Jimin is flawless to me.“Don’t worry sir...Jimin is important to me too..” “Good...have a nice day then..” “Thanks..y-you too..” That was one hell of awkwardness!! I can’t believe it’s finally over! I jogged my way back to the dorm. I think I’ll have a peaceful mind for couples of days, now that his family agrees to our relationship. On my way to enter through the main gates, there was a worker hanging an advertisement on the inner walls. I approached to read when I noticed the graphics that was used, a sketchbook and colors palette. It’s a drawing contest!! The winner will present our college in the countrywide contest! Wow this is big!! Countrywide means fame! I have to sign up for this...no...Jimin has to sign up for this!! I took a picture with my phone so I can tell Jimin about it later. But right now, I really, really need to study!  ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* “Taehyung-ah, please I’m tired…” “Please play with me! I hate sitting alone!” “Leave me alone I’m sleepy..” “But it’s daylight!!” I jumped on the bed and hugged my pillow.“I just came from my exam and I didn’t sleep studying for it! Will you please let me sleep!” “Tsh, fine...guess it’ll be me and Jimin then..” As soon as I heard his name, my eyes popped wide open!“Jimin?!! He is coming?!” “Yes, he texted me saying that you won’t answer him…” I talked while jumping in a new pants and changing my sweaty shirt. “Shit! My phone’s battery must be dead!” I moved to brush my teeth and wash my face, damn it! My hair is so greasy! I need to wash it! “Why didn’t you tell me sooner Taehyung?!” I bent under the spigot and washed my hair very fast then dried it with the hair dryer. He mumbled something but I couldn’t hear it from the loud machine. I got out of the bathroom and looked at him, “What?!” “I said you should hurry, he’d be here any minute..” “What?!!” “How many times do I have to repeat so you can hear me?” “I heard you!! Why do you tell me this right now?!!” I panicked and moved quickly to fix my hair and wear some cologne. Oh my god! The room! It’s a mess! Food leftovers, my notes thrown everywhere, the clothes on the floor. “Oh my god! Taehyung we should clean this before he arrives!” “Why?! We are all boys why cleaning?!” “He is my boyfriend dumbass!!” “He just said he was tired and wanted to sleep...where did all this energy came from?” He mumbled to himself and I totally ignored him. I tried to clean what I was able to before the door was knocked. “Shit!! He is here!!” I threw what was in my hand to the closet and closed it tight, then ran to open the door. My angel was standing in front of me with his charming smile, I felt inner peace, his beauty is just spell casting. He bucked to hug me, then tip toed to kiss my lips shortly. I’m dying!! I leant on the door for I lost strength in my legs, and he entered to hug Taehyung too. “Jiminnie! I missed you!! Now, you ready?” I looked back to see them doing a secret handshake. “No way! I want to do that too!” “We have our own Jungkook!” “No I wanna do it with Jimin too!” Jimin was grinning while looking at us, I bet he doesn’t know what we are fighting for, but we sure looked hilarious, nagging like teenager girls.  We sat on Taehyung’s bed, because under my bed there is a mountain of dirty clothes, and the smell is just...killing. Jimin kept commenting on how my face’s condition was bad, it’s from staying awake all night for studying. His hand cupped my cheek and he stared with a frown, he is worried about me! He signed, (are you eating enough?)(yes, don’t worry) (how about you come to my house, I’ll cook for you!) (no, you don’t have too!) well, I really want him to cook for me, that would be romantic! But not with his father in the house. He pouted and joined his palms together to beg me. “Jimin really you don’t have t-” (please!) I can’t possibly refuse those puppy eyes, I let a long sigh, brushing my locks backward, “Okay..” He smiled widely and jumped to the door, “where are you going?” (I’m going to prepare the lunch! Taehyung may come too! Come at 2!) and he left the room quickly. It’s cute how he was very excited, so precious to me. “Ummm, what just happened?” Taehyung still can’t understand the signs, I explained, “Well, I’m invited to Jimin’s house for lunch!” “Really? What about me?!” “He only said me” I want to be alone with Jimin, I know, I know, it’s a bad habit to lie. “But I saw him pointing at me!” “He was saying : don’t take Taehyung with you” “You're lying!” “Okay, I’m lying, but you can’t come! I want to have private time with my boyfriend!” “Asshole…”“Please don’t be mad, I-I’ll buy you lunch!” He smirked slowly and jumped his eyebrows, “I’ll not come….but on one condition” he swayed his index in the air then pointed at me. “You’ll be in charge of cleaning our room for the next month!” “What?! That’s not fair! You cause most of the mess!” “Okay then, I’ll just text Jimin and let him know I’m coming too…” He took his phone out and acted like he’ll actually text. A groan ripped from my ribcage and I had to agree on his condition if I really get to stay with Jimin alone. “Fine…” He fisted the air and stood to wear something suitable to get out of the room. I heard his last statement before he leaves, “Have fun with your angel!” He was clearly mocking me! I don’t know how he became my friend from the first place! Anyway let’s focus here! I’ll need to wear something neat for his parents, but it has to be sexy for my boyfriend. I searched through the closet, all the garbage I threw in earlier shattered on the floor. God, I have to clean this before I leave. I started collecting, and I noticed Taehyung’s food coupons, looks like it’s used that’s why he threw them away, “collect five to get a free pizza and a drink as a gift!” Gift? Gift….a gift!! I should buy a gift for Jimin! I haven’t brought him anything before! But what should I get him? It has to be something special! But what? I’m not used to these couple things, wish that Taehyung was here to help me.  I need to get out early so I can buy the gift and not be late on the invitation. I went to a small gleaner that had different shops near the college. I was so confused between all the products. I wanted to get him a tee, but that's not really special, then I thought of a perfume, but I don’t know what he likes. I was roaming the place and imagining Jimin’s reaction on any of what my eyes land on. There was a gifts shop, it was small and the gifts weren’t really that good, and then I saw it. A beautiful and an attractive necklace. It has a copper colored chain and the medal was round, and what I loved about it is that you can split the round medal into halves when you swipe it. “From your soulmate” is what written inside. I loved it so much!! Imagining Jimin walking around while wearing this! I can even write my name on it! I took it and let the owner carve my name from inside and bought it. I was so pumped up!! I know Jimin would like it so much! When I eyed my watch, it was past two o'clock. “Shit! I’m late!!” I ran really fast to his house! It’s my first official invitation and I shouldn’t ruin this! When I arrived, I saw Jimin sitting on the front stairs of his house, head resting on his palms, sick of waiting. He was so pretty, wearing a long sleeved blue shirt and combed his hair down this time. The big pout he was making was literally adorable! It turned to a wide grin when he saw me coming. I stopped in front of him to catch my breath, he leant forward to fix my hair with his fingers. He was short, but he was able to reach the top of my head when he was standing on the stairs. “Sorry for being late..” He shook his head to show it’s fine, he fixed my messed clothes too and clasped my hand to drag me in. It felt good how he was taking care of me, fixing my appearance in front of his parents. I hope this won’t turn awkward like everytime.  It was awkward….it was one hell of awkwardness!! The only sound heard was our spoons and chopsticks clicking on the plates, I can’t even eat properly in fear of my munch sounds would be audible! I tried as much as possible to control my utility and not make too much sounds, then my stupid hand ruined this with a clumsy move of dropping my spoon. It made a loud sound, and I shut my eyes in embarrassment. I lowered myself to fetch them back when Jimin’s hand contacted with me. He smiled and nodded to say : (it’s okay, it’s okay) I chuckled and steadied my back. To wipe this awkwardness, I need to start a subject, but it wasn’t easy though, what would be interesting to tell these elders?! Thankfully, Jimin’s father felt the same, so he cleared his throat and spoke first, “So, Jungkook, what’s your major?” “It’s computer engineering..” “Omoo, you must be smart then!” I chuckled, and thought it’s better to make them believe that. “Well, you can say that..” Jimin grabbed with his chopsticks a piece of the mandos on the big plate and placed it on my bowl, he pointed at it and at himself, (I made this!) “Really?” It was so good! It was so delicious and well flavoured! God, I got myself a chef as a boyfriend! He smiled on my thumbs up and grabbed a pickle to feed me. I was so content and joyful, tasting what Jimin’s hands made. But we got to carried on for his father to clear his throat and remind us that they were still there. To erase this embarrassing situation, the mother stood and started gathering the empty plates to wash them. Jimin stood and rushed to take them from her hands, signing something for her. She replied, “Are you sure you can do them? I don’t want our guest to feel uncomfortable..” She signed and spoke at the same time while looking at me. I rushed to stand beside Jimin when I got what he meant. “No! It’s completely fine! I’m good at washing dishes!” “Really? I don’t want to give you a hard time..” “It’s okay! As long as I’m doing it with Jimin..” I interlocked our fingers and stared at his pretty face, his mother stuttered and left us. It’s funny how they feel embarrassed when we show affection to each other.  We finished cleaning and arranging the kitchen, he took out a container of vaseline and applied it to his hand because of the cleaning gel. He offered me some and I shook my head, I hate making my hand slippery with creams and so. I laughed out, “so this is how you make your hand so smooth!” He smiled cutely as he got what I said to him. Then he dragged me up to his room, this is my golden chance to give him my gift!! But what was surprising that he has prepared something too!! He walked me to the middle of his room and made me stand there, then clasped both of my hands and pressed them on my eyes. I can her some rustles, and I was very curious! He came near and removed my hands to show me a drawing...that’s….that’s my face!! He drew me for real! And he even made me look more handsome! Does he see me like this?! I was happy as the sky’s width! This is so precious, I looked at Jimin and hugged him tightly, I wish I could show him how content I feel right now and how much I love him for real. When we parted, he smiled shyly and signed, (I worked for two weeks on it)(thank you, I love it) I placed it aside and inserted my hand in my pocket to take my gift out. I instructed him to lower his head and wrapped the necklace around his neck. It was long and reached to the middle of his chest. He stared blankly at it, slowly reaching for it and sensing it, I split it open to show him what is written in it. He gawked at it, what does that suppose to mean?! Does he like it or not?! “J-Jimin?” He raised his head and jumped forward to hug me tightly. I froze, it was so suddenly! He signed when he parted. (Thank you so much!) I held his hand and kissed it, then smiled, I’m so glad he liked it. He gripped it again, flipping it between his fingers, reading that sentence again and again. “From your soulmate, Jungkook” He pointed at the necklace and signed, (do you know how to say it in sign language?) I shook my head, then he settled us on the bed and started expressing it. With his left hand, he crossed his index with the middle finger, and with the right hand he also used his index and middle fingers but not crossed and made them in one line, the left hand behind his right. I imitated after him and he nodded to tell me it’s right. I shall always use this sign, from now till forever! He held the necklace again, still amazed by it, and when he looked at me with this deep eyes, I leant forward like he did and kissed him on the lips. We only used our lips, tugging them together sinfully, and it sure turned more than that after a while. I poked my tongue on his closed gap, and he voluntarily opened up for me to invade his cavern. Small whimpers escaping his mouth, and I was like swallowing it through the kiss. It’s like we were hungry for each other, tilting heads and twirling our tongues, we never kissed so eagerly like this before! We parted for air, and before taking the next step, I made sure to get up and lock the door, we don’t need another thing to be embarrassed about in front of Jimin’s parents. I closed the lamps so that the only light there was the sunset rays through the window. I went back to his side on the bed and made him lie back to crawl above him and complete our make out. I planted kisses all over his face and down on his neck. His pullover was in the way, I reached to strip him from above his head, exposing his fine body. The twilight light reflected on the carves of his body, his muscles reflex as he arches his body in pleasure, it was an amazing scene for my eyes. I sank down to taste his honey skin, a long stripe from his abdomen to his collars. He learned from last time that he is loud, so he bit on his knuckle to muffle his moans. My tongue found his nipple and rolled it, it was hardening against my tongue. His hand fisted my shirt as he arched with a soft whine, I got what he wanted, and with one swift move, I removed my shirt. Inpatient hands caressed my skin immediately, it tickled, palms hot as fire touching me everywhere and sending waves of pleasure to my member that was begging to get out from the tight fabric. He was palming himself when I looked down, then moved his hand to do it myself. He released a shaky moan but muffled it with the back of his hand. I did too let a long moan when he pressed his hot hand on my crotch, stroking up and down. “Huh...Jimin…” We moved our hands at the same rhythm, and leant to close our mouths for a sloppy kiss. It feels right beside the pleasure, being able to do this with whom I love makes me so content. After we took off our pants, we were in a major problem...who’s going to top?! Well obviously it’s me, but I don’t want to force Jimin to something he doesn’t like. Looks like he made his resolutions earlier, he directed my hand to his puckered hole. “A-are you sure?” He nodded eagerly when he read my lips, and once again, we were upon another problem, we don’t have a lubricant. If I knew it would turn out like this I would have bought one, but then I remembered that he used to keep applying vaseline to moisturize his hands. It would be a good substitute for lube! “Do you have vaseline in your room?” He pointed at his small dresser and I moved to open the drawer and found our savior. “Tell me if it hurts…” He nodded, and I started working.  I coated my index with the slippery substance and rubbed at his hole. He flenched from the foreign sensation and fretted when I slipped it in. He let a breathy moan and let his eyes fall shut. When I pressed a second finger he winced and mewled lowly, “Guh…” I needed to distract him from the pain, so I jerked his dick while scissoring his hole wide. It was hot inside, his muscle were resisting the intrusion and clench down, even though I kept working to make him used to the feeling. When the muscles around my fingers started to loose, I slipped out only to insert three fingers. He keened and fisted the sheets, I know it hurts and stings, I need to find another distraction, and that was when I lowered my head to engulf his penis into my mouth. “Uh—huh!” He moaned loudly from the sudden hotness of my saliva, arching his back and fisting my hair instead of the sheets. My head was popping up and down as my fingers were moving in and out.  I felt he was ready, so I pulled out my fingers and raised my head for a final kiss on his dick, then I lined my cock on his entrance. I looked at his wrecked features, and he nodded to give me the signal. Slowly, I pushed through his virgin hole, stretching him wide. His knees bent and toes curled from being filled to the hilt. It was so tight! I felt like my dick will be chopped off by his strong clenches. I never knew it would hurt like this! “Shit…” We stayed still for each of us to adjust to the moment. His breath turned to short huffs, chest burning from the great sensation. I pushed my hips forward and jerked his body up to thrust deeper, just to test the feelings. He moaned, and god how blessed I was! I lowered my head and closed his mouth with a kiss, his arms instinctively wrapped around my neck and pulled deeper to the kiss. I couldn’t take it anymore, so I pulled my dick out and slammed back in. Shit! It feels so good! I kept repeating in a slow rhythm, he was whining with each thrust in. The sounds my dick was making when it squeezes between his butt cheeks were sinful, turning me on so bad and making my thrusts turn wilder. I raised both of his legs and rested them on my shoulders and I pounded into him. He keened in gratifaction, hands wringing my arms that rested on each side of him. The sensation was so great that my hips keeps stuttering in their movements. “J-Jimin! Ugh, god!” My orgasm was near, and guessed that Jimin does too when his voice got louder. I stroked his length along with my thrusts, he was writhing and couldn’t control his mouth, “Joankook!!” He moaned my name out loud, and I came hard inside of him. I kept my fist tight on his dick till he came too on his stomach and my hand. He clenched hard on my dick, milking all what I worth. I pulled out of him when it started to hurt from the sensitivity and collapsed above him. Did he just...moaned my name? The pronunciation was twisted, but I can tell it was my name. Now I can die without regret. I lift my head to look at him, his face was red and sweaty, he locked his eyes with me and gave me a lazy smile while panting. I chuckled and kissed his lips, then signed, (I love you) (I love you too)  ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* It’s finally last year, my graduation year. I’m so happy that after this, there would be no more STUDYING! But, I’m sad that I won’t be able to stay too close with Jimin and Taehyung. My family lives in Busan, and I’m afraid that I have to go back to my hometown. Then...what about us? Me and Jimin, what will happen to our relationship? I was on my bed and immersed in my deep thoughts. Frustration conquered, and made me kick the blanket away with a loud groan. “Dude, what’s wrong?” As always, Taehyung sitting in his boxer shamelessly, reading some comics. “Nothing..” He closed the book and shifted his eyes at me, giving me full attention. “Come on, spill it out~” I couldn’t keep it buried in my chest, and I literally exploded. “*sigh*...I don’t know what to do! It’s only one year then we will be separated! You to your hometown and I’m to mine. What if I don’t see you again?! What if I don’t see Jimin again?!! Ugh, I can’t live after this-” “JUNGKOOK!! Calm down…” I inhaled sharply to do so, then he completed, “man, was all of that inside of you? You should learn talking once in awhile so it won’t accumulate..” He laughed it out, like it was nothing to worry about. “Jungkook, sooner or later we have to say goodbye at some points of our lives..” “But-” “Let me finish!” I huffed in disturbance, making my locks fly up, “look...even if we were apart, that doesn’t mean we will forget about each other, we can still meet and text and so..” I don’t feel better, not a bit! My head felt heavy and I let it lolled down. “You’re really depressed, aren’t you?...there is still a whole year! Don’t over think it for the mean time…” he stood to slap my shoulder and left the room while uttering some encouragements I didn’t pay attention to. Abruptly, my phone buzzed to warn me about a message. I was so depressed and cursed the phone that surprised me, forcefully tugging it out of my pocket. As soon as I saw Jimin’s message, magic happened and butterflies started flying inside my stomach and chest. He asked me to meet him on ‘our’ bench, and I ran my way there.  Jimin was waiting for me, sitting on the wooden chair while playfully swaying his legs. I waved from afar, and I was waiting for that wide grin of his. He jumped from his place and came to hug me. (How have you been?)(Good!) he was proudly puffing his chest to show me the necklace he was wearing. I felt so happy seeing him happy with it! we settled together and he signed, (Would you like to come shopping with me?) “Shopping?!” He nodded with a smile, then I signed, (it’s a date then!)  We walked out of the campus, clasping hands, and roamed in the near markets. He was looking for new clothes and accessories, always asking my opinion, giving me a hard time in heating my brain whenever I imagine his figure with the colorful stuff. He keeps jumping between the shelves like the energetic boy he is, it felt like I was taking care of my younger brother or somethings! When we passed by the underwares section, Jimin the devil kept teasing me! He shows me different designs while wiggling his eyebrows! And when my blush becomes clear, he throws the brief into the shopping basket, knowing that I like it! The teeth prints on my knuckles from biting on them started to hurt me. This sexy side of Jimin was killing!! We left the shop with many bags, and next he went to the near shop. It was selling different fashioned snapbacks, Jimin's favorite. He gasps whenever he sees something his eyes like. He bought a lot!! "Jimin..this is too much!" (I like it!) I chuckled lightly when he defended his hats with a serious face. Jimin is just precious. After paying for his stuff, we got out to the next shop. Before I follow Jimin in, I saw someone, an old friend that used to study with us. "Aren't you...Yoongi hyung?!!" "Jungkook?! Oh my god it's you!" "Man! I missed you! How have you been?!" I hugged him and shook his hand. Yoongi used to live in the same dorm as us, right in front of our door. But he graduated earlier since he was older. He was so fun and plays a lot with us, very outrageous you can say. "I'm fine kook, how's Tae doing?" "Dummy as always!" We laughed and chatted a little, I remembered Jimin and I had to say goodbye to him to follow him to the shop. I looked around for him, but he wasn't here. What's this? Did I entered the wrong shop? I got out and made my statement true, Jimin was looking for me down the street. He was directing his head everywhere, no use to shout for him, so I walked to him near the traffic lights pole. A very fast car passed by me, sending a strong wave of wind that messed my hair up! Man, is the driver drunk?!! Jimin saw the green light to walk on the pedestrian safe way. All cars stopped, but there was this flying car driven by the crazy man, heading right toward...Jimin!!!!!! I threw what was in my hand and ran very fast, "JIMIN!!! JIMIN WATCH OUT!!!" He was walking obliviously, and I stumped harder on the ground to increase my speed. "JIMIN!! JIMIN!!" No use! He can't hear me!! And before I could reach him, the car hit him and he flew in the air to lie on the street floor...limply. People started surrounding his body, I pushed them aside to see him "OH MY GOD!!! JIMIN!! NO!" My legs lost strength when I saw the pool of blood under his head. "Jimin...Jimin please no..wake up, WAKE UP!!" I lift his body to my embrace, he wasn't moving at all!! The horrible scene of his face covered with red fluid made all voices of people shouting for an ambulance around me were muffled. And honestly...I can't remember what happened after that...  Jimin was transported with an ambulance, and I was with him. I saw how they carried him to the emergency room, blood trickling on the transporting bed's sheets. They didn't allow me to enter with him, and I had to wait outside, crying a river. My hand came to wipe my tears, and I saw how bloody it was. Jimin, oh my Jimin! Is he going to die? How should I live if that happened?!! Tears flowing nonstop from my eyes, and my broken heart was making breathing a hard task for me.  I lost track of time...I kept sitting there watching the red sign by the door. Praying that it would be turned off soon and someone comes out to tell me that my beloved one is okay...."Jimin..." Helplessly whimpering his name and squeezing my hands. I can't...there is no way that I can live if Jimin di-...I won't say it, I won't think of it!! No, Jimin shall live!! He can't just leave me... It was turned off, the red bulb above the door. I stood and kept my eyes on the door as a doctor came out. Giving no time for him, I rushed and asked him. "D-doctor!! How is he?!! How's J-Jimin?!" "You were with him in the ambulance, right?" "Y-yes!" "He...have been through the hard part..." "S-so..! He is...alive?!!" "Yes, he'll live..." I covered my mouth and cried, but this time, from joy. You can't imagine how content and easy I felt, just until the doctor gave me his second news. "But.." "B-but?!" "He is in a coma...and it's hard to say when he is going to wake from it..." "C..coma?" "Yes..I'm sorry.." He attempted to walk away, but I clung to him. "C-can I see him?! Please..." "The nurses are still doing some check ups...you may see him afterwards.." "Thank you...."  I waited and waited...it felt like forever when the nurses came out, transporting Jimin to the intensive care unit. He rested limply on the bed, bandages covering his face and an oxygen mask on his mouth. I couldn't help the gasp and tears escaping me, his appearance was so pitiful and hurtful. I kept a space for them to drag him away, and I followed while eyeing his sleeping figure. Please...please wake up...please tell me it's a joke...no matter how hard I pray, his eyes are still closed.  When he was settled in a room, the nurses started plugging wires and pipes everywhere on his body. My eyes didn't leave him, looking through the glass outside the room. They allowed me in when they finished, I hurried and took a place near him, holding his small hand that had an IV attached to it in mine. "Jimin...Jimin please answer me.." No use...Jimin is deaf...and he is in a coma. There was no way he would be able to hear me. But I continued talking, "I'm sorry..I'm so sorry...I was supposed to take care of you...I'm sorry.." "JIMIN!!" I turned to see his parents arrived. The hospital most have contacted them. I stood to make space for his crying mother, she was weeping out loud for him, and after I was able to forget tears, I cried again. I can't tell how many times I cried that day, and I can't describe how painful it was.  ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* "Jungkook...Jungkook...Jungkook!!!" "What..?" Was I sleeping? This is our room? I can't remember what happened. I stared blankly at Taehyung’s swollen face, his red eyes can show that he was crying. "Taehyung? What happened?" "I don't know you tell me...you came late and you smell like alcohol..." Oh...now I remember...I was at the hospital with Jimin when I felt suffocated...and the remedy was drinking of course. I massaged my temples for the horrible headache, getting up to prepare myself to go to the hospital after glancing the time. I slept till afternoon, I must go and check on Jimin. "You're going today too?" "Uh-ha.." "Has it been a week already?" "Yes..." Jimin didn't show any signals for waking up soon, no one knows if he will live or just...I don't want to even think about the other possibilities. I washed myself and changed to clean clothes, then headed to the hospital. Observing the campus, roads, life itself, everything was gloomy and colorless. A life without Jimin is like a life without laughter, or without oxygen. At the care unit, Jimin was alone on his bed. His parents most have not come yet. I started doing the drills, wearing the yellow apron on my clothes and cover my hair, then sterilize my hands. Inside, he was sleeping soundly, like it was ordinary sleeping. He was like an angel, a broken angel. I settled beside him and like always, holding his hand, gently rubbing it in hope to feel his warmth again. “Jimin-ah...how do you feel today?” Of course, no response. I keep talking, touching his hands, fondling his hair, all just to try waking him up. It felt like I was going crazy, talking to myself, but sometimes I swear I feel like he can hear me, he can answer me! The way his breaths hitches, or his head moves to the side….or maybe I really turned crazy. “Does this hurt you? The IV?” “.................” “I know...I experienced it once, and it hurt me too..” “.................” “Jimin...there was something I wanted to tell you before...but I forgot to do so...because your boyfriend is just stupid..” I even chuckle to myself. “There was...a drawing contest...and I want to send one of your pictures...what do you think would be the best?” “.................”“Yeah, right...the picture of me...nothing is better than my face..” The only sounds were heard there were my voice and the health checks. “I missed you...I missed you so much…” I leant closer to kiss his hand, nuzzling into it, “I missed your smell too…” And without earlier warnings, my eyes teared again. I reached to grab a tissue on the stand beside the bed when I noticed his personal infos hanged on the headboard. “Park Jimin”“Male”“22 years old”It’s the first time I know this, Jimin is two years older than me! Well, definitely no one would know about his actual age, he got the prettiest baby face I ever saw. So, Jimin is my hyung. I smiled to myself while saying it, “Jimin hyung…” There was a small basket having his belongings, and there was the soulmate necklace I bought for him. I held it and flipped it between my fingers. Will he ever get back so I can call him like that? Will he come back so I can hug him tight one last time and tell him how much I love him?“What are you doing here?” I heard from behind, it was Jimin’s father, and he was angry. “Uncle..h-how are you?” “I asked you what are you doing here?!” “Huh? What do you mean? Of course to see Jimin!” “Isn’t enough what you have done?! Just get out of my boy’s life!!” “I didn’t do anything!! It’s not my fault!” “We trusted you to take care of him!! And you promised too!!” He is right, I was responsible for what happened to him, I shouldn’t have left him to wander alone. “I-I’m sorry it was a mistake-” “Get out..Now!! And never comeback!!” “No please I beg you Jimin is my everything! I can’t leave him!” “I SAID GET OUT!!” He gripped my hand and tugged me out of the room, no matter how badly I begged and pleaded, he won’t listen to me. He called for male nurses and they kicked me out of the care unit. I cried for him to forgive me, but I got rejected, closing all doors on my face. No...is this the end? The end of me and Jimin?! This can’t be! I meant no harm to Jimin, it’s not my fault!! It’s not my fault!!“Please!! I beg you!! Let me in!!....let me in...Jimin...oh no, Jimin…” It’s over, I might never see him again. I might never hear his sweet voice or see his beautiful eyes. I might never touch his soft hand or feel his smooth skin.  After crying for a long time in front of ICU’s door, I went back to our dorm. Walking under the night sky. Memories of how I first met Jimin invaded me. I can remember the first time he smiled for me, or when he first touched my shoulder to draw my attention. The more I remember of these past three months of our relationship, the more I cry, weeping was my only solution to ease the pain that was ripping my chest. In our room, Taehyung was sleeping, but he woke up when he heard my uncontrollable sobs. “J-Jungkook? You’re home?...dude what’s wrong?” “Tae...I lost him...forever…” My sentences were chanted among hiccups and sobs. “What do you mean?” He moved and sat beside me on my bed, wrapping an arm around my shoulders. “Please calm down...and tell me what happened…” I told him about his father, and about how injured I feel. Honestly I don’t know what to do if I didn’t have Taehyung by my side. He stayed beside me all night, listening to my whimpers and whines, telling me that ‘everything would be okay’, and for a second, I held that idea in my mind and I was able to drift to sleep. ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* It’s been two days, and I feel like dying. It feels like I’m addicted and needed my dose, my mind can’t think of anything else but sweet Jimin. I keep staring at his golden necklace, I’m a wimp, all what I can do was sitting on my bed and cry all day long. And I can literally say that I cried an ocean. Taehyung came in the room, he didn’t stop attending his classes like I did. He sighed loudly and threw his hand in air as a ‘hi’ for me. The bed squeaked when he let his body drop on it. Silence invaded the room. “You know...there is a way you can see Jimin if you want..” I looked at him and stood from my place, “Really?! How?!” “Sneaking..” “Sneaking?” “Yes...sneak in without his parents see you..” It makes sense, but the consequences will be bad if I get caught. “I know that Jimin wouldn’t be happy when he sees what his parents did...and I know how much he loves you..” He steadied and crossed his legs on the bed. “I hope...he will be awake soon...with you on his side…” “Taehyung…” I got so emotional, how come my goofy friend get this wisdom says? I just love him. I came to hug him tight, “thank you…” “You’re welcome...just make sure to visit late...when his parents aren’t around..” “I’ll…”  Before heading to the hospital, I took Jimin’s drawing and covered it with a protective file. I’m going to send it to the contest so Jimin won’t miss this chance. It was written where to leave the paintings, at the art building secretary office. I registered his name and infos then handed them the drawing. The secretary said that the winner’s draw will be hanged on the exhibition wall outside the building after one week. I bowed to her then left. It’s already eight p.m. And I think Jimin would be alone at this hour. Indeed he was, when I sneaked into the care unit and peaked from the glass of his room, there was no one. Swiftly, I moved inside and settled by his side. “Jimin…” I pressed his palm on my cheek, gently kissing it. “I missed you...how have you been?” “...................” “I’m sorry that I couldn’t come the past two days...looks like things are still complicated with your father..” “...................” “I...I gave your drawing today to the contest’s judgers...and I hope you’ll wake up soon to see the results yourself..” I reached to remove the hair covering his forehead, then leant to kiss it. I let a long burdened sigh, and when I looked up, Jimin’s eyes were….open!!! Jimin’s eyes are open!! He is awake!! “Jimin!! You’re awake! Oh thank god!!” I wanted to jump and hug him, finally he is back! But…wait...he is not moving...what’s going on? “J-Jimin? Jimin look at me” I moved his head to face me, it was limp, his eyes and his head, every part of him still doesn’t move! It’s like he is sleeping but not sleeping. I moved out to call a nurse to see him and explained what I saw. She ran to call a doctor, and when he examined Jimin, he gave me his conclusion, “He is still in a coma...but he entered a stage that can be called a persistent vegetative state..” “W-what does that mean?” “He can move, open his eyes, maybe make some sounds, but that doesn’t mean he is awake...and now his chances of waking up are low…” “N-no...no that can’t be…” “I’m sorry…” His chances...are low? Oh, god, please help him! Please help me! I can’t live in a world that Jimin doesn’t exist in. The doctor left, and I sat back beside him. His eyes were half lidded, lifeless. It’s so disturbing, is he awake or not?! “Jimin..” I pressed my hand on his forearm, and he turned to look at me. His head moved! He is looking at me! How come he is not awake?! I used signs, (Are you okay?) “..................” (Please answer me!) he was just staring and blinking lazily at me. This is just worse! He is looking at me and yet we can’t communicate! I couldn’t stand sitting and looking at him, to be honest it was so scary and heartbreaking. I stripped from the unit’s apron and ran very fast back home, emptying my anger and sadness with long hard stumps. When I closed the door of my room, I crashed on the floor and cried hysterically. Loud sobs broke through my mouth to wake sleeping Taehyung up. “What th-...Jungkook? What happened?!” “T-Taehyung...i-it’s Jimin *sob* he is not wakin-*sob*—not waking up again..” He didn’t know how to calm me, only kneeling beside me and hug me. “It’s okay, Jungkook! Have some faith…” I cried hysterically, there is no hope! There is no hope- “JUNGKOOK! DON’T GIVE HIM UP!” Taehyung shook my body viciously while screaming those words. Give him up?....”Jungkook...please...he is all what you have got...don’t give him up yet…” Was I really going to give up on him? What the fuck has gotten into me?! Taehyung is right! Jimin needs me...I can’t give up, I can’t leave him alone. “Tae…” I covered my mouth to try stopping my sharp sobs. My kind friend hugged me again to calm me as much as possible. I’ll never forget Taehyung’s favour, I shall keep repaying him for my whole life. ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* “Jimin-ah...I’m here…” I sat in my usual spot beside his bed. It was night, his parents must be not coming back till morning. Jimin’s eyes were closed again. I keep talking to him like a madman, just to erase this loneliness. “Still no news from the drawing contest...but I’ll let you know as soon as possible..” I gripped his hand in mine, it’s started to become boney and smaller. “Jimin...just to let you know..I won’t give up..I’ll keep waiting for your awakening...until then, please stay healthy…” His hand...it clenched! He was strongly squeezing my hand. It’s normal for people in vegetative state as the doctor explained. But I’m sure of it, Jimin can hear me! That’s why I kept talking, “Jimin...you can hear me right? I know you’re still here…”“....................”“Hyung...I love you…” “........uh…” He made a sound, something like a gasp! He can hear me! Jimin can hear-......What the fuck is wrong with me?!! Jimin is deaf! There is no way he would be able to hear my pathetic voice... I kissed his forehead a goodbye...and I left. I kept sneaking for the entire week without anyone knowing. I get to see him for only one hour before the visiting time is over. I can’t say that I’m alive anymore. Nothing seems to keep my mind out of dreamland, not even my college. The principal scolded me for the continuance absence, and after explaining myself and my stress, he thankfully agreed to cancel all my classes and excuse myself from this semester. Taehyung who was in the same major as me promised to give me his notes and help me out, just to cheer me a little. I don’t really care about my education, I just want to eat, sleep, breathe right beside Jimin. Him, him, him, and only him. “Jungkook…” My head that was resting on the desk was raised to look at talking friend, “it’s already seven, aren’t you going to visit him?” “Uh...yes...I forgot…” He came to support me while I tried to stand. My body was okay, I don’t know why he did that, does my appearance looks really awful and sick? We walked out of the building, Taehyung was accompaning me, “you’re coming?” I asked. “Yes...it’s been a while since my last visit…” And we went to the hospital, silently.  “Jimin...I’m here..” I sat near the bed with Taehyung beside me. They removed the bandages that was wrapping his head, I can see a small scar in the corner of his forehead. I caressed it with a thumb, it’s a loss how his fair skin was tortured. “Jimin-ah...how have you been?” “...............” “It started to get cold outside…”“.................” “it’s good that they’re keeping it warm in here..” “.................” “Yeah..maybe because I’m just lonely…” I felt Taehyung gazing at me, when I faced him, he was looking strangely at me, as if I was nut! “Jungkook...who are you talking to?!” I remained silent, looking back at Jimin. “Jungkook, please! Get a hold of yourself! Jimin can’t hear you!” “I know...I know…” I wanted to cry so bad, but tears already dried from the constant weeping. A groan echoed in my chest, my body was quivering in heartaches, my hand found Jimin’s to squeeze on it. This is like dying slowly, like a torture, a shrill agony. On our road back, I took a different route from Taehyung, heading to the art’s department and check if there was any results hanged on the exhibition board. There was something hanged...it’s Jimin’s drawing! Did he win?! I ran really fast to read what’s written’ there were two more other drawings hanged beside it. Under Jimin’s, this is what was written, “Park Jimin won the second place for the great details and the way he made his work looks alive and real.” Second place? Second place!!! This is huge! Jimin’s drawing is hanged in here and acknowledged as a great art! I must go and tell him!! I ran really fast to him. He would be very happy to know this! Luckily, it was night, and I think his parents would leave soon. Carefully, I glanced from afar at his room, his parents were there, and as I guessed they are about to leave. I hid and waited for them to go behind a corner, and when they got out of the care unit’s doors, I sneaked skillfully in. I was so excited and hurried to put my apron on, rushing to his room and sit beside him. “Jimin-ah! I have great news! You won in the drawing contest! Well, not first place...but second place is good too! You get to enter the countrywide contest now!” I stroked his hair backwards while muttering, “I’m so proud of you...you have to wake up before the real competition starts...or you’ll miss it...I know you can do it…” I kissed his temple and laid my head on his chest, I can hear his heart thumping against my ear. He can make it...he’ll make it. And I’ll never stop coming here, as long as this heart is still thudding. ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* It’s calming...how come I feel so peaceful. Was I asleep? Where am I? Who’s fondling my hair? I opened my eyes slowly, it was morning bright, I waited for my eyes to adjust to the light. I’m still in the hospital, and someone was touching my hair. My eyes traveled up to see that pure face...Jimin? His back was steady and I was sleeping on his lap. This must be another delusion of mines, because Jimin is supposed to be in a coma...or he isn’t…?! “J-Jimin?!!” I raised my head and looked at him, he smiled at me warmly. “Jimin, you’re awake?!” I cupped his face and stared at him, this isn’t a delusion! Jimin’ my Jimin is awake!! He is finally back!! “Jimin!!” I hugged him tight to me. Wrapping his whole body under my embrace like he’ll disappear again if I don’t. “Jimin, you’re back! You’re really back! *sob*” “Huh!...uh!” He was trying to say something, and when I retreated, it appeared that I was pulling his hand away from the IV pole and hurting him. I chuckled and sniffed, wiping my tears, then smiled back at him. I never felt so happy and content, not even when I first kissed Jimin! He let go of my hand to sign, oh how I missed his little hands moving and his expressions, (Why are you crying?) I shook my head and grinned to make the knot between his brows fade. (Nothing, I’m happy) he stared bemusedly at first, then it changed to a grin. This beautiful gorgeous big smile of his, I just missed everything in him! I started to get afraid that this would be just a dream. I heard the door rustle open, and it was no one but his parents. The mother entered first with wide eyes, “J-Jimin?! You’re awake!!” She ran and pushed me away to hug him, he was surprised but hugged her back, probably he doesn’t know he was in a coma for a month. “My son!” His father entered too and hugged his son and wife, it was a pretty scene of the gather of a family, and I was in the way, so I excused myself out. I waited a little in the hallway, giving them some time. They took too much time, and I thought of leaving when his father came out and called me in. That’s strange? It appeared that Jimin asked him to do that. I sat beside with a wide smile, holding both his hands in mine. His mother who was sitting on the bed spoke to me, “I told him everything...and I told him about your continues visiting…” I looked back at him and he slightly bowed his head as a thanks. “It’s nothing...it’s the least I can do for Jimin…” “Yes...Thank you..” A hoarse voice came from behind, it’s his dad. “Don’t mention it..” He thanks me after kicking me out that day? With all my respect for Jimin, his father is an asshole. Anyhow, I’m so thrilled now that I can finally speak with Jimin like that, now that I can feel his warmth, sense, breaths near me, normally. The nurses came in for some check ups, and we had to wait outside. And as I stated, his father is a real asshole, “Mr. Jeon, a word please…” Using formality just to show that he’d never accept my relationship with his son. “Yeah?” This won’t end good, I know for sure. “I remember telling you to never come back again, what brought you here and gave you the right to be the first who sees Jimin wakes up?!” “I-I…” “You have no right to do this! I’m his father!! I’m the one who suffered for years raising him!! And he sees you first when he woke up?!” What the fuck?! Is he jealous or something?! “But uncle Jimin is my boyfriend!!” “I’m not your uncle! And you’re not Jimin’s boyfriend!! Now get lost before I call someone!!” “No please! I won’t fail you again! Give me another chance please!!” “I’m sorry, but you lost your chances…” I made my resolutions, I made my final decision after nights of thinking about it. “Then...let me say goodbye...let me give him my final farewell!” It’s what best for him, I only cause him troubles, and he deserves what’s best. I’m not the best, I know that I’m hasty and irrational, I keep making the wrong choices, now, I have to take the right choice for once. “No...just leave as you are…” Not even getting to say goodbye? Is he trying to kill me without using his hands?! “Please just one minute!” “I SAID NO!” He growled loudly that his wife hurried to hold him back, “Calm down honey...please just leave…” Even his mother?! Are they really thinking they’re doing what’s right for Jimin?! They don’t know a shit! My chest was literally ripped, I turned and looked at Jimin’s face for the last time through the window, and melancholy took my way home.  ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  I was on my way to the room when I saw Taehyung running toward me, “JUNGKOOK!” “Oh, Tae..” He was grinning, “I saw Jimin’s drawing hanged! Congrats!” “Thank you…” I smiled rather coldly for he stared closely into me, sensed something fishy about me. “Did you visit Jimin? Right now?!” “Um, yeah…” “His parents?!! Did they see you?!” “Yes, they did…” “Oh my god Jungkook! I told you to move at night! Now how are you going to visit him?!” “No, it’s fine...I don’t have to anymore…” He tangled his eyebrows and paused for me to continue explaining what I meant. “Jimin is awake...he woke up from the coma..” Gradually, his eyes were widening the more he keeps looking at my serious face. “Jungkook...are you serious?!” “Yes, he is fine and sound..” Taehyung got excited, and he jumped to hug me, wrapping his legs around my waist. “OH MY GOD! I’M SO HAPPY FOR YOU!!” “Uh! You’re heavy!” I laughed a little, just a little, it’s really fine to me I guess. Jimin is alright, and that what really matters. “Come on! Let’s go and see him! Let’s take snacks too and party together!!” “No, I’m sorry...I’m tired...I’ll just go to sleep, you go visit him..” I bumped his shoulder lightly and walked to the dorm. I can feel his eyes trailing all over my back, nevertheless I continued walking.  What should I do now? I don’t have to stay in college since I excused myself from this semester, and honestly it’s painful staying here without being able to see my beloved. So, my plan was to pack my things and head back to my hometown. I headed to the train station and booked a chair in tomorrow's ride. It’s so soon and sudden, but I think the sooner I get out of here before Jimin or Taehyung knows the better. They’ll make a fuss, I know for sure, they’ll try making me change my mind and make it harder for my heart. I got back and Taehyung was there, I wanted to sleep before he gets back to avoid conversation with him. He was staring at my movements without uttering a thing. And I was packing almost sneakily, folding my clothes aside and place everything near so I can throw them in a bag the next thing in the morning. I found Jimin’s necklace on my desk, staring at it, I can see the picture of his face in front of my eyes. Twisting it open, the word soulmate was written, I recall the way he taught the sign of it. I’m going to miss him so much.. “Jungkook?” “Huh? Y-yes?” “What are you doing?” “Nothing…” “You’re acting strange…” “Me?! It’s just your imagination!” “No, no, no I’m sure something is wrong! Jimin is awake and you’re here walking circles in your room?! What’s going on?!” “Nothing! Nothing is wrong!” “Even Jimin said you suddenly disappeared! He is worried too you know!” Keeping silence was the only thing I can do, and when did Taehyung’s vision became so sharp? He saw how my clothes was organized inside the closet, then gasped, “what?! You even folded your clothes?! No, no, something is definitely wrong with you!” He stood from his place and came near to me, scanning me from head to toe, he glanced the train ticket poking out of my pocket. Briskly, he stole the ticket and looked at it. “Taehyung! Give it back!!” “What’s this?! Busan?! Tomorrow?!” I gripped it back and hid it into my pocket again, he was looking at me dully, shaking his head slightly, “You were leaving..? Without telling me?! Without telling Jimin?!!” I didn’t say anything, “you were running away...why?” “Taehyung..I don’t wanna talk about it-” “Why?!!” “It’s not my fault!! His father prevented me from seeing him! What do you want me to do?!!” “And you decided that’s it’s best to run away?!!” “YOU THINK IT’S EASY FOR ME?!!” I was on the verge of crying, but I inhaled to suck the waters in and calm myself. “I’m sorry...there is nothing I can do...I love Jimin so much...and I can’t stay here and know that I can’t meet him at all…” “Jungkook…” After standing for a long time in a complete silence, he bucked up and pressed his hands on my shoulders. “I understand...but...at least say goodbye to him...he’ll very sad if you disappeared so suddenly…” I never thought about how Jimin would feel, I still think selfishly even though I declare my love to him all the time. But, saying goodbye will really hurt, both of us will. I shifted my eyes back to his when he squeezed on my collarbones, “please!”  “.............okay…” okay, alright, I shall meet him tonight, just to give him his necklace as an adieu gift.  I was getting ready, mentally and emotionally. I filled my pocket with tissues just in case. Taehyung informed me that Jimin was moved out of ICU since he is awake and fine, which means that visiting hours aren’t that limited as it was. Late at night, I checked for his room in the reception, and headed there. I already feel weak and gloomy, but it was million times worse after Seeing Jimin’s wide grin. He was on his bed, drawing in his sketch, and when he saw me he jumped in his place, filled with happiness. He stretched his hands for me to come closer and grab them, cute as always. I did, then sat on the bed with a fade smile. He let go one of my hands to write on the side of his sketch, ‘Where did you go suddenly?!’ ‘I had some work to do’ the way he look down at the paper and make his long lashes fan on his cheeks, it’s so gorgeous. No matter how I keep looking at him, I can’t find a flaw. ‘I thought you were supposed to be out already..” He signed to answer faster, (I can’t) then removed the blanket to show me his splinted leg. “Oh…” I never noticed that his leg was broken! I thought it was only his head that was injured and caused the coma, it was always under the cover anyway. Something was written on it. A message from his parents saying how much they are happy to have him back and wishing him to heal fast. I can’t cause any more fights in this family, they are happy together, and Jimin loves them, I have to stop acting selfish for once and let him go….‘Jimin I have something to tell you’ he looked with a puzzled face at me. ‘What is it?’ My hand holding the pencil hesitated, I took a deep breath and I wrote it down, ‘I’m leaving’ his brows almost tied as he let the sketch down. As he was writing something I took the necklace out and clipped it around his neck. Staring at it then back at me, looks like Jimin realized what’s this about. “Jimin..I love you...I really do...but things got-” he lifted the sketch in front of my face, a big ‘Y’ written on it. He was about to cry, eyes glittering with waters. “Jimin, I’m sorry..” I leant closer and shortly picked his lips, then wrote down, ‘it’s what’s best for both of us’ that was it, I was leaving and attempted to stand when he gripped my hand. “Jimin, please...things can’t work between us!” He pulled me harshly to make me sit back, but I reluctantly jerked my hand away. With trembling lips and tears pricking his eyes he was trying to move from his place and grabbed the sketch to write fastly, ‘Is it me?! Is it because if me?!’ “Jimin stop-” he wrote something else, ‘I’ll be good!’ He shows me then goes back to write, “No, it’s not you! Stop!”‘I’ll talk! I’ll be normal!’ Both hands were seized by mines and spoke near his face, “No! It’s not because you’re deaf!! I...I don’t deserve you Jimin…” A tear dripped on his cheek, this more painful than I thought it would be. Very fastly I let go of his hands and hurried out, walking swiftly as if I was sprinting. Then I heard a thud, when I looked back at the open door, Jimin fell on the floor. He locked eyes with me, and started crawling to approach me because of his broken leg. No...stop...please! what are you doing?!! Why do you make it harder for me?! He stretched his hand for me, but I closed my eyes to be able to ignore it and walk away. “UGH!!” My legs paralyzed at the sudden scream, slowly I turned my body to see him. Bridges of tears covering his face while he was trying to utter, “UH!! HUA!!” He was desperately trying to call me, his voice echoed everywhere in the hospital. I couldn’t move for any other step, staring back at his pained face while still crawling. “JOAH...JOANKOOK!!” My hands moved on their own to cover my sobs. My heart was split in halves, it hurts so much, it hurts so much! I ran back to him, “Jimin!” Crashing on my knees and hugging him strongly so he won’t leave me again, so that no one would ever separate us! If staying with him meant to fight the whole world, I’ll do it! I’ll step on everything just to be able to embrace him like this. “I’m sorry...I’m sorry…I’m sorry..” He was sobbing on my shoulder loudly, fisting my clothes to wrinkle them under his shivering fingers. How many times do I have to make him cry?! I’m just a loser who can’t live without Jimin, yet can’t make him happy! We parted away, and I stroke the hair away from his crying face, murmuring many sorrys and apologies. I carried him up from the cold floor and took him back to his bed. His breaths were hitching loudly, working his hands to find the paper and pencil we used before. ‘Don’t leave me please!’ I cupped his cheek, now knowing that he was just as broken and desperate as me, no one can say a thing. In fact, his father was standing right by the door when I looked back. I gulped hard in fear we will be forced apart, clinging my arm into Jimin. My tension loosed when he smiled slightly and nodded, then left..? What does that mean?! He is...okay with it?! He must have saw that Jimin feels the same, he is giving me another chance! I turned to sit closer to my love, “Jimin..” Holding his head and leaning closer for a kiss, then resting my forehead on his, “it’s over...it’s over...I won’t leave you again..” His petite hand held my head up to show me his other hand that was signing, (I love you) grabbing that hand and kissing it gently, I replied, “I love you too...hyung..” Let the whole universe mark my words! I love Park Jimin with all of his flaws and his disability! He’ll always be a piece of my heart that when it vanishes, my existence well vanish as well. I shall be by his side in happiness and sorrows, shielding him wholeheartedly and soully! Making sure that no creature would lay a finger of hurt on him! He can’t talk, yes, but I can clearly hear him! And he knows how I feel toward him, for his deafness didn’t immunize him from hearing my soul, he can hear me! He can hear my heart….



Afterword


End Notes
Thank you so much for reading! Really, I enjoyed writing this and sooooo going to write a sequel! Please share your thoughts and if you have some opinions on how to improve my writing skills, you're more than welcome. You can visit my aff account for more fanfics^^


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



