



I Know a Bank Where the - lucitae - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

I Know a Bank Where the Wild Thyme Blows
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/5901418.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Kim Seokjin | Jin/Park Jimin
Character:
Kim Seokjin | Jin, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Taehyung | V
Additional Tags:
Hanahaki Disease
Collections:
Bangtan Valentine's Day Exchange 2016
Stats:

        Published: 2016-02-24
        Words: 7572
      

I Know a Bank Where the Wild Thyme Blows
by lucitae
Summary
Please forgive me, Seokjin learns, is the message purple hyacinths convey.He laughs, clutching vibrant purple petals in his hand.Fate has always had a sense of irony: he is, indeed, apologetic about falling in love.
Notes
Prompt Selected with little adherence:Rihanna - Stay feat. Mikky Ekko & image (flowers in bathtub)The Hanahaki Disease is an illness born from one-sided love, where the patient throws up and coughs up flower petals when they suffer from one-sided love. The infection can be removed through surgery, but the feelings disappear along with the petals. It can be cured without side effects only when the feelings are returned.Once again, a special thanks to S for the encouragement and hand holding throughout the entire process. For whom, without, this fic would have never been conceived in the first place. If I knew my way with words, I would dedicate every one of them to you.

          See the end of the work for more notes




I Know a Bank Where the Wild Thyme Blows

"Why are you here?"Jimin smiles, the kind that doesn't reach his eyes and coughs once, extracting a pale pink flower from his lips.
Seokjin's smile mirrors Jimin's, inviting the younger one to take a seat beside him before he begins."They say Narcissus was the first to contract this disease, that Nemesis invented it to help him understand the pain Echo went through. This is why," he says almost mischievously as he taps at Jimin's chest, the part where the heart resides, "when love comes upon us, we feel pain in the chest and the suffocation that comes along with it. The first seed is planted, takes root, watered by our thoughts and tears and slowly kills us from the inside out. It is the clutter of flowers that cause the twinge, the pain, the shortness of breath. Myths have it that where Narcissus died was where the first flower named after him sprouted. They weren't wrong. But the myths never recorded the ribs that encircled the white flower that took root in soil when a body could no longer nourish it."I dare say it was a fitting disease for Narcissus. But Nemesis was never a goddess who cared so much about the aftermath, the more chaos the better. The other gods didn't care enough to lift the curse. Perhaps it provided more entertainment this way. Weed out the weaker, the ones not brave enough to strive for the one they love."Seokjin sighs and looks at his dongsaeng. "We are just collateral damage, Jimin.""I used to think it was romantic — to die for the sake of love. What could be more beautiful than a death by flowers? I'm not so sure anymore. I never asked for this, never asked to die for him." A hand unfurls then slowly clenches as a jaw sets and tears threaten to make their way down Seokjin's cheek. It never does. He won't allow it."He's a good kid. A bit out there sometimes and our first meeting definitely left an impression." He laughs but it sounds more like guttural heart break than anything else. "We bonded over similar interests, anime in particular, and that was supposed to be the end of that. But somewhere down the line, care and concern for a bandmate became more than that. His thoughtless actions and words brought joy, and at some point the admiration at how he was capable of befriending anyone deepened and annoyance at his rambunctious behavior became fondness."The first petal was a deep purple, of a flower I had never seen before. Fitting, now that I reflect upon it. Frantic, as I disposed of it and wrote it off as a mishap. It visited later, after practice. Then I started to force myself to suppress it. If I willed it away hard enough it would eventually disappear. But this isn't how the heart works; this isn't how love works."Remember the day I sprinted out of the practice room? The manager caught me in the bathroom afterwards, shocked by the amount of flowers drifting in the toilet bowl, littered upon white tiles. I begged him to keep it a secret. Bangtan has finally earned recognition, I reckoned with him, that news of me being wheeled into surgery would incite gossip and criticism. In truth, I just didn't want the failure of our band to fall upon my shoulders. Imagine the speculation and how the interviews would no longer be about the effort put into creating our albums but rather who was the mysterious individual I had fallen for. Imagine the damage if they knew the truth. Imagine how uncomfortable Taehyung would be if he knew. I couldn't let that happen."The phenylethylamine, serotonin, and oxytocin tablets that the manager acquired for me can only do so much. Yes, it can stimulate the feeling of being in love but it cannot convince the brain that the love we experience has been reciprocated. So I fell ill again. And to protect all of you or perhaps to protect myself from the embarrassment, I left. You probably heard from Bang PD-nim about taking a long break because I wasn't sure whether or not this idol life was something I wanted to pursue. I wonder how many people bought that. After all, I joined because I wanted to act. Not anymore, Jimin. Hasn't been that way for a long time and yet most of the world seems to buy it. Good riddance, they said and I believed. A simple sacrifice for the betterment of my friends was how I justified it. Yet here you are."I won't ask questions. We all have our own reasons, but I'm glad you're here. How did you find me?""I begged — asked Hyosang hyung for information."Seokjin chuckles and shakes his head. "Even after I strictly forbid him to," he says before standing up and holding out a hand towards the younger male, "will you care to join me then? Keep me company until the flowers have feasted upon every single drop of blood."Jimin smiles, playful this time as he hoists himself up with the help of Seokjin's extended hand. "Of course." ❀ ❀ ❀ "This place is prettier in the winter." It comes out as a sigh. A look forlorn as the wind tousles his hair, probably playing a memory as he looks at the snowless ski slopes. "I wonder if I'll be able to ski here again," he says before taking a glance in Jimin's direction, reading the expression before contorting his face into something that resembled a reassuring smile."Don't look at me like that," he chuckles, "You know it's true. This disease is like beautified cancer in the way that something internal battles your body for resources, the way it has no cure. There's surgery, but it isn't a foolproof cure. Yes, it removes most of the flowers and the symptoms that accompany love and heartache — the pounding of the chest because the heart no longer has to overwork itself to supply oxygen to the extra organism, the suffocation and chest pains because flowers aren't outcompeting organs for space — but there are always remnants left. In the end, it works like a placebo, convincing us that because we no longer feel the symptoms of love, we are no longer in love. Unfortunately, it doesn't work when you already know. Watched one too many friends pine away again and again, reopening the same wounds yet it still grows back."Do you ever wonder why adults don't seem to contract this as much?" Seokjin asks as he looks towards the horizon. "I think with time people turn into cynics, stop being the starry eyed individuals that would devote themselves to another being, be willing to pine away in the shadow. That experience teaches them otherwise. They say you mature with age but I suppose I'm too much of a romantic at heart." The sigh has almost a wistful quality to it. He glances at Jimin once more, quickly deciphering the expression before offering, "Are you hungry? We should grab lunch." As if the conversation beforehand was a survey of the best restaurants in the area and not about the future and survival rates. ❀ ❀ ❀ Boseong green tea tea field is an expanse of endless green arranged into neat rows. Despite the occasional flock of tourists, there's a quality of peace that surrounds the area. The air feels fresher here, Seokjin comments at some point but is only met with a we are up in the mountains, hyung, in which he merely smiles and retorts is that so. The embarrassment doesn't last long enough to make an impression. He's done sillier things in the years they've known each other.He ends up concluding that there is a sort of tranquility imbued in an atmosphere like this, as if the tendrils of steam wafting from the cup of tea contributed to the ambiance. Seokjin finds himself sampling the best green tea he's ever had, while smiling — open and honest — for the first time since Jimin arrived. ❀ ❀ ❀ Somewhere in his dorm room is a list of things he's always wanted to experience but never had the chance to. A bucket list of sorts that has one bullet point specifically dedicated to a strawberry farm and the desire to share a moment like that with a significant other. Not everything can come into fruition the way one desires, but this is close enough.Seokjin hums under his breath, trying to gather as many plump berries as he can to make the most of the experience. Most end up in the plastic box he was handed, some make their way to his stomach. He looks over the hedge and sees Jimin doing the same with a mischievous grin worn upon his lips. There's a moment of acknowledgement before he resumes the task at hand.Then he recalls a chocolate frosted cake, probably store bought, presented during an interview, after they had won first place. He remembers the strawberries coating the top layer and a boy with lipstick stained lips ( one that you had assisted in coating and laughed at his disgruntled face ) inhaling the fruits one after the other. The content expression when there was none left and the yell afterwards because everyone was too invigorated by their victory to focus upon the strawberry thief.Seokjin coughs: a brilliant purple contrasted against a vibrant red background. He has to excuse himself, for fear of contaminating the field even if it doesn't work that way. And when Jimin checks up with worry embedded between his brows, Seokjin brushes it off as "I was never meant to be anything other than a city boy. Remember the games we played for BTS!Run episodes?" Give another encouraging pat while obscuring the petal clutched in the palm of one hand, the slight quiver and hoping it goes unnoticed.( you can't remember if you wrote this down for yourself or for someone else. ) ❀ ❀ ❀ Seokjin is used to flights with a random distribution of seating arrangements, ones with a late entry and a early exit to avoid other individuals, one where there is someone watching out for them and warning individuals when it is about time to pack up. This one is a much shorter flight, an unnecessary luxury but it shortens the traveling time by a significant amount. Jeju has always been a dream vacation spot but now that there is actually time to be on vacation, an explicable sense of loneliness accompanies it.There would probably be more sorrow if Jimin wasn't here. For that, Seokjin is endlessly grateful.
( yet the chest constricts of its own accord, still wishing it was a different individual in the seat beside you. )A gentle shake of the shoulders and a we're here to rouse Jimin from slumber. An affectionate smile that makes its way to Seokjin's lips because it reminds him of their two week journey in the States and the jet lagged state each morning. Only two petals make it out this time and he disposes of them before anyone else notices. Trying to distract himself with the sated feeling of a good stretch after a plane flight.Seokjin ends up huddled over Jimin's shoulder, peering at the map acquired in one of those promotional Welcome to X City plastic holders. The city government has done an exceptional job at putting the pamphlets together, highlighting tourists attractions, encouraging consumerism. And since they are here, they buy into it, circling places they've always heard of and desperately wanted to see. It isn't as if they have all the time in the world, but it is more than when they were idols with unyielding schedules, so it's close enough. Under Seokjin's insistence and depiction of a certain scene in Goong, he was surprised at the lack of resistance when he proposed the teddy bear museum and concluded that either both of them were children at heart or still romantics.It is probably a mixture of both, he notes, smiling at the way Jimin points out certain bears that catches his eye. Seokjin joins him, eyes growing wide at some of the dates inscribed or at some of the clothing. The attention to detail, the depiction of traditional scenes where every bear looks a bit different from their counterpart. He wonders how much time it took to assemble everything in a single display: the bears, the outfits, the set— especially the ones that involved food and the elaborate placement for a festival. Then there were cross continental references, the incorporation of different cultures, the mention of products from pop culture and the ones that were brought to life with the help of mechanical instruments. Disneyland, Goong, Mona Lisa, Neil Armstrong, and the list goes on. Almost overwhelming from the sheer amount of bears kept in a single museum, but he finds it delightful as they exchange commentary and opinions as they point out certain aspects of the bears that makes an impression.At some point he hears Jimin express I wish I could show ... before cheeks flush, embarrassed by the inconsiderate slip of tongue. But Seokjin doesn't blame Jimin when he coughs up a fistful of flowers: anyone would wish to share experiences with someone important to them, especially a close friend to whom they could dip comfortably into satoori. Seokjin smiles and never adds I wish I could too.Instead, amongst all the souvenirs selected for family and friends, the two individuals pick out teddy bears fashioned after their own liking and exchange them. A gesture of creating memories, treasuring them, and a silent vow to not forget.  ❀ ❀ ❀ There's a towel in his hair as Seokjin makes his way to the common area to see what Jimin is up to. There's a smile on his bandmate's face, an excited half wave — one Seokjin is about to reciprocate when his gaze shifts to the screen behind Jimin's head. He's forgotten how quickly the world adjusts. Even more so, he's forgotten how popular Taehyung is.There he is, on screen, laugh deep and resounding, mouth wide and showcasing his teeth, a tiny scrunch of his nose and Seokjin knows where the beauty marks are even from this distance. He doubles over and coughs. The type that steals your breath away and wracks your body. The kind that should be your body getting rid of phlegm but all that comes up is petals after petals and you have to start to wonder if the body is trying to cough up an entire flower. Maybe it is. Seokjin clutches at his chest, trying to ease the pain but it feels as if the roots are curled around the heart and invading the lungs and—There is a hand on his back, soothing as it rubs with the occasional pat. A strong arm that shifts his weight so that Seokjin is now relying on this other individual to walk him back to the room. The voices are a blur, sounding alarmed and concerned but there's not enough energy left to care. Taehyung's doing well and one should be happy about it but that doesn't send the pain away.Seokjin falls asleep to memories and the feeling of inadequacy. When he wakes, he sees a head rested on arms at the foot of his bed and a scatter of pink petals upon his blanket. Gently, he reaches out to brush stray locks of hair away from Jimin's forehead, touched by the notion that he strained his own body to take care of you. The boy stirs. Blinks in that half drowsy way not unfamiliar to the elder before recognition sets in. "Thank you," Seokjin says, hand retracted and now thumbing across one of the petals on his bed."I was..." he falls silent, as if debating over word choice and whether or not to convey his thoughts."Scared?" Seokjin prompts before smiling. "I am too. Who knows how much time I have left. Was there..." a lot? trailing off because even he doesn't have the courage to confirm.Jimin nods before saying: "I didn't count." Fists clench. Seokjin hopes his smile is reassuring."Thank you for cleaning up after me," he says instead, dropping the matter entirely. His focus shifts to the petal in his hand. "A cherry blossom? Like the ones in Run?""Yeah.""They are beautiful," he says before reaching for Jimin and placing the petal in the palm of his hand. "To think that something this beautiful would bring about death." Seokjin chuckles and shakes his head, "And this is precisely why it is tragic I suppose. Some theorists propose that the first pollen we inhale is the one that sprouts. Others say that it represents us in some way. A cherry blossom can be interpreted as a symbol of hope, of a new beginning." He closes his hands around Jimin's.
"I hope that you, at least, can escape this fate." ❀ ❀ ❀ It is shortly after breakfast and Seokjin feels much more like himself than he did the night before when Jimin animatedly tugs at his arm with a "come with me." Seokjin wonders what the younger one had been up to when he was bed ridden only to learn that Jimin had done his research and planned ahead, scheduling a day of activity. It's not that uncommon if one counts impromptu shopping trips and thirty second clips of trying to outdo Hoseok and Jeongguk in dance.There's a hand around his wrist and a grin settled upon Jimin's face so the elder gives into the boy's whims, surrendering himself to the plans without his input. He's not sure what he expects but certainly not a field of yellow flowers, gently swaying in the wind. Under normal circumstances he would have categorized rapeseed fields as gaudy but it is more pleasing to the eye than vivid purple or baby pink. Seokjin finds himself with a smile on his face."It's beautiful.""Isn't it?" Jimin's eyes are on Seokjin's face rather than the view before them. As if suddenly aware of how his hand is around his hyung's, he drops them. "It isn't as sunny or cheerful as a sunflower patch would be but I thought Canola flowers could induce a similar effect." He beams and Seokjin has the impulse to comment on how it isn't the flowers in charge of uplifting the mood but rather Jimin's presence, but the words never make it out of his mouth.He settles for "thank you" instead. A common theme lately, but Jimin has continued to give more than he takes — like always. Seokjin remains lost in thought, seated as he admires the scenery, feeling the gentle caress of wind against his cheek and the way it weaves through his hair. So lost, in fact, that he misses Jimin returning with two cups until the boy clears his throat. A short explanation and another expression of gratitude before they sit in mutual silence, in hopes of finding peace.It isn't hard. Seokjin takes a sip of the tea, surprised at the amount of orange flavoring and the hints of honey and smiles into the rim. He thinks about buying a jar to send to his parents and maybe a box of red pepper chocolate or a cactus one. Surely, his hyung would enjoy the latter and he could supply Jimin with some to take back to the band as a token of gratitude.Jimin catches Seokjin's glance in his direction and immediately inquires: "how is it?""Good," Seokjin responds, "thank you." Because he doesn't know what to say. Because it has always been the same.
( you might be hyung but the younger ones always end up taking care of you in one way or another. )He shrugs, nonchalant in the way Seokjin admires. The way he used to beat at his own chest and curse it out for being a bad body and why he always fell behind in dancing. There was a level of fluidity that Kim Seokjin would never possess with this clumsy body of his. Oh how he wished to have used time more wisely.As if sensing the distress from his hyung that was famed for sleeping negativity off and approaching each day with a new and improved attitude, Jimin interjects: "you know what we haven't visited yet?" Smile playful as he looks at his hyung. "The old grandfather stone printed on the front cover of every Jeju island travel guide."Jimin's hand finds its way around Seokjin's wrist again as he coaxes the elder up and drags him to the historical site. The rest of the day disappears in a flurry: losing count of the photos taken in front of the age old monument, asking pedestrians to lend a hand and posing with tourists to return the favor; clutching to each other as they venture into the lava tubes, laughing when they make it out because they've been jumping at every small noise; attempting the Olle walking trails and gushing about the scenes watched in Dae Jang Geum when they were young and their mothers tuned into the drama during the evenings; taking a break with lunch and seaweed and sea urchin soup, heart swelling with pride when Jimin comments that Seokjin's seaweed soup made during birthdays was better; blushing at the statues presented in loveland ( it was a recommendation by his college peers ) ending in shared laughter over the bizarre experience and noting how the shoulders lost their tension after the matter; ending the day at Hanhwa Therapy Resort where they float in the pool drowning in music, seat themselves in a chair and refocus on the simplicity of breathing, and finish off by being cocooned in hay. ❀ ❀ ❀ Jimin doesn't return to Bangtan even when the stage of his disease has a better prognosis than Seokjin's will ever be. Refuses, in fact, when Seokjin suggests that he should return to the band. In the end, Seokjin choses to drop it, probably because he'll sorely miss his traveling partner if Jimin did return. Instead, Seokjin resorts to teasing Jimin about the one interview where Seokjin practically begged the entire group to accompany him on his one year travel around the peninsula and was rejected.Seoul is a bit risky. Recognition rates too high for two individuals whose faces were constantly on television. Even now, Puma probably has their face plastered on a poster over a building in Myeongdong. They forgo the places people actually desire to visit: Dongdaemun Market, Hongdae, Coex Mall, Itaewon, Lotte World. Decide upon a historical oriented route instead, almost as if carrying over a theme slightly touched upon in Jeju.Insadong is imbued with culture: from the antiques sold by the street to the hanboks lining the store windows. Seokjin takes this opportunity to comment on how lovely Jimin was in a female hanbok during the cook off for Coolio and then laughs at the response. An hour is spent between selecting a potted cup for Seokjin's mother and spending time to wind down at a nearby café.They hit up Gwanghwamun as Seokjin stares in awe at the historical site, a dream of his to be able to act in a period drama and film at this majestic place. Alas his dreams keep on passing him by. They don't enter, wary about the flood of tourists in front of the attraction, attempting to act out scenes from their favorite time leap or historical dramas. Seokjin attempts to suppress both a smile and the urge to follow suite and ends up settling for taking pictures from afar.N Seoul Tower is about as tragic as the visit to Gwanghwamun in terms of the sheer amount of people flocking the area but Jimin implores, arguing that despite all the years relocated to Seoul due to dreams, they never had the time to themselves to explore. Which is true. As fulfilling as a busy schedule is, the sad three day breaks are only enough to visit the family they dearly miss. He doubts it will change in the near future.The vantage point is worth it, far more breathtaking than the elevator trip up. The city sprawled beneath them with its congested veins and blocks of concrete. They take turns trying to identify buildings: the radio stations they've been to, music broadcasting buildings, other entertainment companies and their own as well as famous landmarks. The wall of lockets bring a small throb to the heart but not enough for a spew of petals as Seokjin narrates how he used to dream about bringing a significant other up here and inscribing their names in a lock, losing it amongst all the other love stories presented here. The romantic in you still does.It is nearing sunset when the two reach Bukchon Hanok Village. The streets are swathed in a golden glow, so different from when EXO sunbaenims visited for their Showtime filming. So it comes as a surprise when the old man has yet to leave his station and Seokjin offers to pay for Jimin's bbopki, smiling when he sees fascination in Jimin's eyes at the candy crafting process and when the sugar enters his system. They sample different snacks afterwards while strolling through the village, starting up a small conversation about houses they wish to purchase for their parents when they have enough income. When the streetlights are lit, they end their day. Seokjin decides to treat his wallet kindly by going home for the night, conveniently shedding the gifts he has been purchasing for his family rather than spending extra on postage. It comes as a surprise to Jimin who keeps asking are you sure? and isn't convinced until they arrive at Seokjin's place and his mother greets them with a warm welcome, expecting the visit the entire time. It is a little embarrassing and a little awkward at first with the questions directed at Jimin but it warms up quickly. Although not as talented as Taehyung in breaking the ice, Jimin's warmth and sincerity has always managed to induce the same effect.Seokjin smiles the entire time, fond and warm inside.His mother is the one who approaches him first when Jimin has retired to the bed room after showering. "I'm surprised you brought someone home with you. Only Hyosang has ever had the honor of visiting." Her smile is knowing, implicit, pressing. Seokjin just chuckles, light hearted."He's contracted the same disease," he begins, eyes downcast as his fingers run through Jjangu's fur and thumb at his jaw affectionately. "I was hoping that by traveling, by taking his mind off the person he's in love with, that maybe he will be cured. It is just a far fetched dream of mine though.""I think he will be," his mother says with a level of confidence Seokjin cannot find in himself. It makes him grin. "So will you," it comes out softer, accompanied by a lovely smile and a pat on her son's knee. "Now go shower." ❀ ❀ ❀ They come to the conclusion that it is only fair to pay Jimin's parents a visit after visiting Seokjin's. In the end, Jjangu seems like the one most sorry to see them go, heavily attached to the younger one in the span of a few days. Seokjin is tempted to make a post on twitter, update with the ugly dog that has left him for someone else only to be reminded that it would go against everything he has promised the company. Bringing attention to himself and his status of living would not be wise.Jimin seems to pick up on that and leans in to take a selca anyway. It never gets posted but still finds itself amongst the other selcas they've taken together, spanning from predebut onwards. Jimin still can't help himself from making snide comments at Seokjin and the elder playfully smacks his disrespectful dongsaeng as revenge. The first stop is his father's café and Seokjin gets swallowed up by curiosity as he examines the shrine dedicated to their son. The collection of albums with their signatures, him recalling doing such a simple act for Jimin but not aware of how much it meant until this is all showcased before him. He looks around for Jimin, only to find him engrossed in a conversation with is father, smiling so brightly that eyes are crinkled in the corner and his dimple can be found. Seokjin stills and finds a table to seat himself in instead.There's the occasional glimpse towards Jimin's direction during the wait and then Seokjin just ends up being engulfed by memories. He's never really noticed, or rather didn't take the time to pay attention to how often Jimin faces him, to the extent that the view of the back of his head seems like odd view when not in a dance formation. He's grown since Seokjin first met him: built up in bulk not out of nature but from the pressures of others, matured in his looks, and yet managed to maintain that kind side of him. Like that time out of consideration for Hoseok's schedule, Jimin shoulders the weight of teaching Seokjin new dance moves. Or the evenings where he stays behind after practice just to keep Seokjin company when he's working out, using the excuse of building up muscles himself. Edging Seokjin on by challenging him to games such as Push Up Time to make sure that both of them stay in shape after meals. Even this trip, in of itself, feels like another act of kindness on Jimin's behalf.There's a twinge in his chest when he considers this and then ignores the odd feeling.His parents are as gentle as Jimin is kind and Seokjin ends up feeling at home. ❀ ❀ ❀ "I know a place where all the worries go away," Jimin says with a smile as warm as the sun and Seokjin had always thought that only Hoseok was capable of a feat like that. "A place I know you'll love." So Seokjin nods his head and allows Jimin to take his hand and lead him once more. Here is where the scene pans out: an expanse of blue and constant movement causing light to refract, the spray of sea salt threatening to stay in clothes, and a seemingly endless strip of sand that finds its way between toes. Seokjin throws his head back and laughs, with the same excitement he still held when filming the miniature clips exclaiming beach over and over again. It is the beach that Jimin loves the most, the one Seokjin has only witnessed through Jimin's recordings. There's a sense of exhilaration that comes with it — even if Seokjin wasn't the first Jimin shared this experience with. He takes another glance at the younger male, seeing the content smile on his face as wind tousles his hair, the way his Adam's apple moves as he hollers into the air, the slopes of his shoulder and the strength reflected in his arms. And then the way his expression becomes unguarded when his eyes meet Seokjin's. He'll never understand what he did to inspire such openess.Seokjin laughs, listening to how it sounds before running towards Jimin, threatening to jump onto the other's back. It ends with a collision and a tumble and an eruption of laughter as they end up in the sand. He sits up, checking on Jimin."We haven't coughed much," Seokjin remarks, out of the blue, the notion just hitting him. He smiles, hopeful, as if they were on the verge of being cured and then—Jimin coughs.One that reminds Seokjin of the way he did back in the hotel room, back in Jeju. As if Jimin's body was trying to expel an entire lung from his frame and Seokjin's heart clenches as he steers the younger towards him. A hand gently settled on his back, patting and rubbing in hopes to ease the pain, shifting the other's weight so that he could rest his head against Seokjin's shoulder if need be. The heart continues to clench and the chest constricts but the pain Seokjin is currently subjected to is probably nothing like what Jimin is enduring.There's something tickling the base of Seokjin's throat so he let's out a cough. What ends up on his palm is not the purple he's grown accustomed to but rather a pristine white.A soft oh is exhaled from his lips. Stupid, so stupid he's been this entire time to not realize it sooner."Jimin, look at me," Seokjin says, so softly as his hand cups the younger's face gently, thumbing away the tears that have gathered from the violent coughs. "Do you know what this means?" he asks, patient as he holds up the single white petal to Jimin's line of sight. "Do you know what a change in petal color means?""A change in the quality of love?" the younger barely makes out before another coughing fit comes over him.Seokjin shakes his head, hoping the rubbing of his back proves to be soothing. "No," he says quietly. "It means the person you love has changed." Pauses before raising the younger's chin. "Jimin," he begins, slowly, "it's you."Jimin turns away, as if waiting for the second wave. It comes but no where near the intensity of the first one. Buds of cherry blossoms and petals scattered across the beach, not quite belonging, but Seokjin doesn't find them out of place. His heart constricts again."I'm sorry for breaking my promise Jimin. But please, tell me. I need to know," Seokjin tries, earnest as he looks at Jimin, turning to face him as hands clutch the other's. "Who has caused you to suffer for such a long time?"There's a soft exhale that seems to take everything out of the other male, shoulders slumping and head downcast, defeated. "It's you, hyung. It has always been you."Seokjin doesn't remember when the tears begin or when they started to make their way down his cheeks. He can't even recall if it was triggered by Jimin's or that Jimin followed his lead. What he does remember is embracing the other, folding him into his chest, and the plethora of sorrys that are whispered into Jimin's soft hair. A scatter of apologies that keep spilling forth; A galaxy of them wouldn't be enough. I'm so sorry I wasted so much of your time, Jimin. Please forgive me. There will never be enough words to convey the emotions and so he promises to make them up in actions instead. ❀ ❀ ❀  Seokjin wakes up in the middle of the night to Jimin's coughing fit. Rose pink petals scattered over a white bed is usually characterized as romantic — but not in this case. Beautiful things aren't supposed to be deadly. This sense of irony isn't funny anymore.Seokjin slips in beside Jimin, hand gently rubbing along the spine, the pain in his chest flares back up but not enough for him to expel petals."I'm sorry, hyung. I—," Jimin's sentence interrupted by another cough. He's done so much for Seokjin and yet when Seokjin loves him back, he still can't save Jimin. After all, it is hard to come to terms that your love is suddenly requited. Doubt can only be slowly made up, bit by bit. So Seokjin chuckles in the hopes to lighten up the mood and says, "If the declaration of love could cure this disease, then we could have eradicated it a long time ago. It doesn't go away with an act of valor. It has to be felt, to be believed. If I can win your heart, then I will prove to you that you've won mine."Jimin laughs, still not as lighthearted as Seokjin is used to hearing. There's the shake of the head and "you've been through way too many acting classes.""Not all of them are romantic in nature," the elder one retorts, "I had to diversify my genres if I wanted to be a versatile actor, you know." But he's smiling, both of them are. Jimin's head finds its way to rest upon Seokjin's shoulder, soft hair brushing against the elder's cheek, voices steady and light until they find their way back to sleep. ❀ ❀ ❀  There are petals haphazardly swept into the waste bin, a pink as soft as Jimin's heart, a sight that saddens Seokjin. Miracles don't exist in this world. To expect a sudden cure would be impractical, but this is the first time the notion of sacrifice crosses Seokjin's mind. For Jimin he would be able to shoulder the pain again. After all, the world doesn't seem to mind the loss of Seokjin as much as they do when it regards the younger one.Seokjin then chides himself for the dramatic attitude before heading out of the bathroom.The look on his face probably gave it away because Jimin's face becomes apologetic.Seokjin smiles, the same kind that doesn't reach his eyes as he comments: "It wasn't as bad as yesterday." He hates himself for sounding so hopeful."Hyung..." Jimin trails off, as if reorganizing his thoughts before he begins again. "You should go back. You're cured and people are waiting. ARMYs are waiting."Seokjin shakes his head: "I'm not going back without you."Jimin's smile is wistful. ❀ ❀ ❀  Jimin has been in the bathroom for what seems like an eternity. The movie they had planned on watching has long been loaded in its entirety. Curious, Seokjin enters to check upon his bandmate. The door is unlocked due to the unspoken policy of in case of an emergency ever since Seokjin's first collapse. What he finds is a spray of cherry blossoms like a scene from a music video long after the director has yelled Cut! but the crew has yet to clean up.There's a certain beauty in falling — why humans admire the first snow fall of the year or coordinate with family and friends to view cherry blossoms — not so much when it has settled. Some float in the tub, drifting to and from in accordance to the ripples. Others lay there to be trampled upon on the tiled floor. Seokjin brushes them aside as he makes his way to Jimin.There aren't as many as the day of the beach or yesterday or the day before that. However, the count has yet to be reduced to a single digit number. Seokjin is failing brilliantly at conveying his affections.Naturally, his fingers find Jimin's and they entwine. He forces his lips to curl into a soft smile, voice gentle as he says, "you're going to catch a cold if you stay like this."Jimin's expression is listless, not unlike his acting in I Need U and it instills fear in the older male. He coughs and two white petals fall to his lap. Jimin, alarmed, stares at Seokjin. Before he can apologize, Seokjin uses his free hand to cup the younger one's cheek, thumb tracing circles against soft flesh."I know," Seokjin admits, "it is hard to believe that love is suddenly reciprocated. If it was my case, I would probably continue to doubt until I pined away or gave up and tried the surgery even if I knew it would just grow back. But I'm still here for a reason, Jimin." Voice low as he continues, like it is a secret only to be entrusted to his dongsaeng and maybe it is. "It's true. There are still things in this world I wish to accomplish now that I have a future ahead of me again, but they would be meaningless without you.""You don't have to believe in my words, but please, at least trust that my actions are done from my heart." This is the part where he smiles and hopes it is reassuring, not doubting that there is a trace of sadness able to be found in his expression. This is the part where he lets go of Jimin's cheek to brush the bangs away from his forehead and press his lips against it. This is where Seokjin begins to make detailed plans, the same way Jimin had managed to schedule a day of activities during their trip together. This is where Seokjin rises early and throws open the curtains, laughing at the scowl and tousled hair, making it worse by ruffling it himself. This is where Seokjin makes breakfast and Jimin films or helps out like they used to do for Jin's cooking diary. Sometimes they take a stab at dinner or more elaborate meals and Jimin runs his errands or stays by his elbows, helping on command. Other times, they settle for barbeque and Seokjin cooks all the meat, adding extra to Jimin's lettuce wrap, and positioning it in a way that the bandmate's lips would brush against Seokjin's fingers before he could eat. There's still a camera documenting these moments like an EatJin that will never be published. Sometimes Seokjin wishes that Jimin was recording himself and the way his eyes crinkle when he smiles. There's soju some evenings too and it usually ends with them curled up in a couch or in bed watching a movie, occasionally interrupted by Seokjin's commentary of the acting and someone grumbling that next time they should watch an animated movie instead. They never remember.The romantic in Seokjin takes Jimin to Ojakyo on Chilseok and he recounts the story of the Weaver Girl and Cowherd. The tale of forbidden love, of separation via the Milky Way, of being unable to meet each other until the seventh day of the seventh month of the seventh year and even then there was no bridge to cross to the other side with, until magpies created a bridge and this is why they have no feathers on their head.They share a wheat pancake and a steamed rice cake to celebrate the reunion. It rains that night and Seokjin tells Jimin how it is the couple's tears being shed.It is Seokjin's turn to take Jimin's hand and drag him to places such as Uleung Island. The seaside road proves to be as spectacular as rumors have it. They bike side by side and Seokjin thinks that the fresher air has proved conducive to Jimin's lungs. Even when he exhales at the sights, there are no spring blossoms to be found. ❀ ❀ ❀  It is an unanimous decision to return to Bangtan. The bandmates are elated and respectful enough to not dig too deep, accepting vague for health issues as an adequate explanation. But when Taehyung throws his arms around Jimin, expressing the immense loneliness when his best friend was no where to be found, the boy begins to cough and Seokjin has to excuse them both and pull Jimin aside.Fingers are pliant against cheeks, hoping they don't become wet, heart aching at the look of dejection and the pale pink flower clutched in Jimin's hand. Seokjin inquires: "What's wrong?" before his own heart threatens to crush him under its weight."I'm not him. I'll never be."And even after all this time, Seokjin has failed to convince Jimin. What a pathetic man he is. "But you don't have to be," Seokjin begins, his voice cracking somewhere in the middle as he clasps Jimin's hands in his. "I don't want you to be. I..." he trails off, cheeks tinged a certain shade, warmer than usual. He cards a hand through his hair, clearing his voice before he tries again."The one I fell for is you. Took me long enough to realize but who else would stay up till the wee hours in the morning, keeping me company as I worked out. Or did errands when I wanted to cook or filmed me on the street or had the patience to run over certain moves even when you already have it committed to muscle memory. Teaching someone like me is frustrating and your patience wears thin but you never gave up on me."Not to mention this entire trip and planning activities that would make me smile or relax or feel relieved. That yes, I may have loved Taehyung but is it so impossible to fall out of love and fall for someone else? He doesn't have what you have, at least not to the same extent. I love you because you are you. Definitely not as a substitute or some idealized and unrealistic version." Seokjin then leans forward to knock his skull against Jimin's, hoping the message gets through his head, smiling as he just keeps it there — one forehead pressing against another. He doesn't move until he sees the hint of a smile on Jimin's face, one that stems from the bottom of a heart.Seokjin smiles to himself.
What is important is that this time around, Seokjin isn't sorry for falling. ❀ ❀ ❀ ❀ ❀ Still stuck in the practice room, after hours, sprawled upon the wooden floor where limbs almost come into contact but not quite. The months of vacation have taken their toll in terms of stamina and everything else and they cannot afford to fall behind anymore.Jimin's chest heaves but eyebrows are knit with concentration as he inquires: "What did the white flowers mean?""The white hyacinths?" Seokjin asks to confirm, after a gulp of water. There's a nod in return."Beauty," Seokjin says with a smile."Like your flowers; like you."



Afterword


End Notes
The title was taken from Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream, in hopes to convey the essence of traveling, adventure, youth, young love — requited or not.Although the text differentials of the flowers might be disturbing when reading, I tried to do my research by incorporating actual places and actual activities people could be involved with. If it wasn't clear, this fic took place mostly during the summer.Chilseok is probably better known as Qixi Festival in some countries or the Chinese Valentine's Day. It falls on what would be July 7th on a Lunar Calendar.Largely inspired from Seokjin's interviews about wanting to take a year off to travel.The original story was supposed to end after the confession but later edited to explore the aftermath and how the disease is actually cured. Hopefully, it add a sense of realism to the fic.As always, comments and kudos much appreciated!


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



