



Ill be the spring to - Alch - Mo Dao Zu Shi - Mo Xiang
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

I'll be the spring to your smile
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/21670180.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
魔道祖师 - 墨香铜臭 | Módào Zǔshī - Mòxiāng Tóngxiù
Relationship:
Jiāng Chéng | Jiāng Wǎnyín/Lán Huàn | Lán Xīchén, Lán Huàn | Lán Xīchén & Lán Zhàn | Lán Wàngī, Lán Huàn | Lán Xīchén & Wèi Yīng | Wèi Wúxiàn, Minor or Background Relationship(s), Minor Lán Zhàn | Lán Wàngjī/Wèi Yīng | Wèi Wúxiàn - Relationship
Character:
Lán Huàn | Lán Xīchén, Jiāng Chéng | Jiāng Wǎnyín, Lán Zhàn | Lán Wàngjī, Wèi Yīng | Wèi Wúxiàn, mention of, Niè Míngjué, Niè Huáisāng, Jiāng Yànlí, Mèng Yáo | Jīn Guāngyáo, Original Characters
Additional Tags:
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics, Omegaverse, Alpha Jiāng Chéng | Jiāng Wǎnyín, Omega Lán Huàn | Lán Xīchén, Omega Wèi Yīng | Wèi Wúxiàn, Alpha Lán Zhàn | Lán Wàngjī, War Setting, Arranged Marriage, Strangers to Lovers, Slow Burn, Mpreg, Implied Sexual Content, Angst, Angst with a Happy Ending, Hurt/Comfort, MXTXRBB2019
Collections:
MXTX Reverse Big Bang 2019,
SVSSS/MDZS/TGCF
Stats:

        Published: 2019-12-08
          Chapters: 6/6
        Words: 35061
      

I'll be the spring to your smile
by Alch
Summary
War has been waged for an eternity at the borders of Yunmeng and Qishan. Emperor Jiang WanYin has been determined to safeguard his country, afraid of losing his home. With nowhere to go, Jiang WanYin asks Gusu for help; for an alliance through marriage between himself, an alpha and the omega nephew of the Gusu Emperor, Lan XiChen. This was just meant to be a political marriage, nothing more. Or at least that is what the couple says to each other, and to themselves. Until things start to change….




part 1





Lan Xichen’s gaze is lost among the trees and the nature that can be seen from the window on the back of the caravan by which Wangji and him are traveling. The more distance the cultivator puts between himself and Gusu, the more everything seems to become less known, wilder, and even if this is not the first time he follows the path that goes down the mountains reaching the valley, that afternoon everything seems new and unexplored for Lan Xichen: all worthy of being observed carefully, very carefully.Wandering around, the cultivator's eyes lay on his brother, sitting in front of him in the typical lotus position. His face could seem calm and relaxed to anyone else observing him, but Lan Xichen can easily spot some kind of tension in his features that renders him restless.«Is something bothering you, Wangji?» he asks with a calm voice, so as not to seem too apprehensive. The younger hesitates for a few moments, not moving from his position. Then he opens his eyes and stares at his brother without saying anything yet. Xichen is well aware of his reticence to speak, especially when it’s about his emotions, and so he smiles kindly at him, trying to encourage Wangji to speak his mind. «Are you sure this is for the best?»Wangji is not used to expressing his own opinion with such confidence, even more if what he’s saying goes against what his brother – or his uncle – has already decided. He usually waits, thinks about it, tries to understand the point of view of someone older and wiser than him and to judge as little as possible. Speaking his mind this time is proof in and of itself of how serious Wangji is about this matter. «It’s the wisest and most convenient thing to do, given the circumstances.»A few more seconds of silence pass between the two brothers and Xichen can easily follow all of Wangji’s thoughts as they leave signs on his face, almost impossible to discern but so familiar to him. He waits for Wangji to say something more and when it doesn’t happen he lays a hand on his brother’s to reassure him, giving him another smile. «You’re worried about me, I understand it Wangji, and I’m thankful. But everything is going to be alright – I know what I’m doing, no one is forcing me to agree to this marriage.»Wangji finally allows himself to look at him again and everything that seems still and cold in his body is counterbalanced by the fire Xichen sees in his brother's eyes at that moment. There’s so much in that gaze that he feels almost overwhelmed and suddenly Xichen feels the urge to hold him tight as he did when they were children and Wangji called for their parents in his sleep, asking why they weren’t there.«I won’t leave you alone,» Lan Xichen hears him murmur, his voice low maybe because he’s ashamed of such sincere words. «I will come to Yunmeng every time I can.»Xichen can’t help but be comforted by those words: despite how tender the way his brother has of showing concern for him can be, and even if he knows Wangji won’t be able to travel to Yunmeng that frequently, knowing that he won’t be alone instinctively reassures him. Xichen is not scared of this marriage, he didn’t lie when he said that it’s something that he wants and that he accepted willingly. Nevertheless, he cannot forget that just a few months ago he was dreaming of a different marriage, a different groom waiting for him to join their existences. There was no politics in that union, no alliance to make, no deal to strike. It was not an attempt to put an end to a Border War that was threatening the whole cultivation world now. There was only Mingjue, his proud silhouette, his warm embrace in which Xichen loved to hide. His kind smile that only Xichen knew, that Mingjue had gifted him only. Mingjue, whose scent had sung to Xichen’s heart since the first time they had met and that thanks to some miracle had loved him back, becoming close to him in a way that Xichen had never hoped to experience. Everyone had rejoiced in hearing news of the couple, everyone had praised their beauty and strength – they were, without a doubt, the best cultivators of their generation, and even before the wedding and the bond that would link them together were announced, everyone had talked about the magnificent lineage of cultivators that they would bring to the world. Then the war happened. The cruel reality of the world. The news, that came in one of the rare moments Xichen was parted from him. Flying on his sword to Qinghe, faster than he ever was before, was for nothing. Running into the Palace, not stopping at any of the voices calling after him, and reaching his chamber, his bed – where young Huaisang had greeted him with eyes full of tears and the pretty face disfigured by the pain – was for nothing. Xichen had let his body fall at the bedside and had cried in silence, next to Mingjue’s body which was slowly losing its warmth. For days he hadn’t said a word, he hadn’t left the chamber nor had he seen anyone, not even his brother.Then he had stood up. Thanks to his strength or because of the desperation he felt, he had been able to stand up again and follow his lover’s body during the funeral. Drained, shattered, but still alive. His brother hadn’t left him alone for one second during those days: he had become the support XIchen needed to move forward and even if Xichen still feels guilty for the way he’s made Wangji worry, he’s so grateful his brother was there in the most difficult moment of his life. He hadn’t seeked revenge. Xichen had hated the Wens for taking the person he loved the most away from him. He had hated them for waging on that war for more than a year now when Mingjue had joined it with the only purpose of trying to end it, making an alliance with the Jiang Empire that should have borne its desired results and that instead turned out not to be sufficient. But he had never sought revenge: torment and pain had tried to break him from the inside out, but in the end, his peaceful and resilient character had allowed him to go through that hell without soiling his soul, without darkening it with mischievous intents that would make him worse than Mingjue’s murderers.  Other people had taken it for weakness. For the first time since Xichen could recall, people spoke of him because he was an omega and not because of his education or his cultivation studies. Suddenly he had become the omega to pity because of the loss of his mate, so wrecked that he didn’t know how to fight back, the one who couldn’t even avenge the death of the alpha he should have married. In Gusu no one had never been judged by his state: in that Empire alphas, betas, and omegas had the same chances. One of the Twin Jades being an omega and having reached the highest level of cultivation, being able to be appointed as the next Emperor after his uncle Lan Qiren, was the best proof of that.But suddenly Xichen was nothing but an omega and every situation he was in was judged by that small detail ‒ everything else was gone, taken away with Mingjue’s death, destroyed with his love. Xichen had swallowed that bitter pill, suppressed his frustration. He had moved forward once again, without letting himself be stained by that, not going out too frequently, not paying attention to those meaningless voices, not letting them have power over his life. He had hoped those voices would become quieter with the passing days and so his pain, becoming a background noise that would let him be free to live... Jiang Wanyin’s visit to Gusu had been unexpected and at the same time something bound to happen. His request for an alliance, in such a delicate moment for the Empires’ political situation, hadn’t surprised Emperor Lan. Wanting to seal it with a marriage between the imperial families had reached Xichen’s ears like a violent shock, a sudden earthquake that had brought him back to reality. The world was moving on and demanded him to do the same, not with the kindness that the young cultivator always showed in his life, but with the fury that those times required from everyone. And he wouldn't be any different.Since the day he had agreed to the marriage with Jiang Wanyin, Xichen had ceased to be the omega wrecked by grief. Even if there still were people who besmirched the new union, questioning the value of someone ready to forget previous lovers so quickly, in Gusu no one looked at Xichen with pity anymore. The cultivator hoped it would be the same outside the Empire too. «I just want you to be happy.»Wangji’s words hit the elder brother with more intensity than Xichen would expect. If someone else had told him those words, they could have seemed ironic, hypocrite even, but the sincerity and affection Wangji is showing in this very moment can’t be mistaken and Xichen smiles at him sincerely, caressing his face with the tips of his fingers and thanking him. «I will do my best to be so,» Xichen reassures him and even if there’s still a trace of doubt in Wangji’s eyes, the younger one doesn’t add any other words. «Jiang Wanyin is a fair man, his ideas are in line with ours, this is a noble cause.»«He sent a squad of cultivators to escort us to Yunmeng.»Lan Xichen smiles once again, but now he feels like he’s just taken a well–placed and mostly predictable slap on his face. He's trying to talk about politics, yet Wangji keeps shifting the matter on a more personal level. «At a very sensitive time such as the one we’re in now, you can't certainly expect the Emperor to personally attend to such a frivolous matter such as escorting his future omega into his Realm,» he says with simplicity, averting his gaze from his brother. Xichen understands it. He understands why the man he will spend the rest of his life with is not with him right now as the traditions require. He understands it and maybe he's even grateful for it. They always say that traveling with one’s mate to the wedding is something extremely romantic and a bit awkward but in a good way. In the past, Lan Xichen sometimes found himself thinking about how traveling to Qinghe with Mingjue would have been, a path so familiar and yet so new. He doesn't want to ruin that fantasy of his with a reality that doesn't belong in his heart, that is not romantic at all.«Besides, he sent his brother to accompany us,» he adds, remembering the young cultivator at the head of a bunch of men who introduced himself to Lan Qiren a few hours before, with elegance and some kind of presence of mind that made Xichen smile. At the mention of the young man, Lan Wangji makes a weird face.«Don't you like Wei Gongzi?» the elder asks, curious.Silence seems to be the most eloquent comment Lan Wangji can make about that matter and it makes Lan Xichen laugh for the first time since the beginning of their journey.«He surely is different from the cultivators in our Sect,» he agrees kindly «Who knows, maybe he is what we need in our lives.»Lan Xichen appreciated the breath of fresh air that the young cultivator brought in the Palace with his quick manners, a bit undisciplined but extremely sincere. Sure, he didn't miss the surprised look on his uncle’s face when Wei Wuxian run toward Xichen, congratulating him because his beauty and his strength were way beyond the still so flattering reputation he had in all the Realms.«You will not be married to that man,» Lan Wangji points out as if he was trying to say that whatever opinion they have about Wei Wuxian, it has no importance.Lan Xichen simply nods and goes back to look outside the caravan in silence. Lan Wangji is right: Wei Wuxian is not the one he will spend the rest of his life with, but hoping that Jiang Wanyin will have at least a bit of that carefree vitality can do no harm. *** A bow to Heaven and Earth.A bow to the parents.A bow to the mate.Lan Xichen closes his eyes as he bends for the last bow and when he stands up again he takes some moments to himself before looking at Jiang Wanyin in front of him. His face is serious, his lips closed in a thin, straight line, his eyes hold some kind of ferocity that Xichen wasn’t expecting, of which he wonders the reason. They had only exchanged a few formal words since Xichen had arrived. Jiang Wanyin had visited them a few hours before the ceremony, thanking his uncle for being there and honoring him with his presence. He had asked about the journey ‒ meaningless small talk, enough for the formal courtesy that matter required ‒ then he had looked at him, asking if there was something he needed for the ceremony. Xichen had answered him with politeness and distance, saying that everything was already prepared. Then he had waited for his groom to excuse himself, a few moments later, before sighing and secluding himself in that chamber, Wangji a loyal shadow right behind him.He had gotten ready for the wedding in silence, distracted from time to time by the spectacle of nature that Lotus Pier was offering him, and gratefully allowing Wangji to do his hair in the best way possible. They didn’t ask any local servants for help, carving out some kind of melancholic intimacy in that unfamiliar chamber, letting the silence say everything they should have told each other and that only the mutual presence could show. Xichen’s wedding clothes were sewn in a short time – the weeks the Jiang Emperor granted him since the day the wedding was set. The other clothes, the ones Xichen had chosen and prepared carefully for years, were burned the night of Mingjue’s funeral. No one should have been able to see them if he couldn’t do so. These are elegant and sober, austere as a Lan should be, but cold as Lan Xichen never was. They don’t belong to him and he wears them as if they were not his own. Red is not a wedding color anymore. Red will always be the color of his mourning.Nothing on that day is like Xichen imagined it would be and he’s fine with that. Not a single thing has to be as the wedding he planned over and over again in his mind, not the place, nor the groom, nor what moves him. He’s just fulfilling his role as the Lan Emperor’s eldest nephew now and nothing more. This is the most convenient thing to do, the best choice he could make. He’s fulfilling his destiny and he’s proud of that. He proceeds, solemnly in his pace and movements, carrying out the rituals that the ceremony requires and never lowering his gaze except when the groom’s family carries an altar with Jiang Wanyin’s parents and sister’s plates, symbols of their presence at that union, as a mark of respect. Xichen knows that Jiang Wanyin feels a kind of pain so similar to his own. And for that, he owns his new mate respect. When it’s time to greet the guests, Xichen is placid and gentle. He carries on his role as omega and new consort to perfection and no one could find a single flaw in him, not even if they tried their best. He smiles, bends his head or takes a bow to greet the most important cultivators, he talks with virtuosity and moderation, he never goes too far and everyone is conquered by his charm. He can see that in his guests' eyes: he’s making the best impression and when they leave he can hear them whisper words of wonder and approval to themselves, positively impressed. The next part of the ceremony goes on with no hitches and at the same time, Xichen feels like he is not actually experiencing it. In Yunmeng every noise is amplified, so loud that it almost makes him dizzy and even if he was used to Mingjue’s presence and his deep and loud voice, the vitality of this place is somehow different and confuses him. As soon as he can leave, after the banquet ends and his new mate and his uncle finish their speeches as Emperors of Yunmeng and Gusu, he excuses himself and stands up to go get some fresh air, smiling at Wangji to reassure him that everything is fine and that he would be back soon. Walking alone doesn’t bother him: he’s used to the placid solitude in the Cloud Recesses, to the contemplation and seclusion. Something that, he’s starting to understand it now, will be difficult to find here. The waters of the lake, on which the pier he’s walking on is built, ripple a little, bothered by the slow movements of the lotus leaves carelessly floating on his surface. Xichen looks enchanted at their slight motion and without knowing it leans on the wooden balustrade to see them better. «The liquor served at your wedding comes from them, did you know it,  Ziwu–Jun ?»The voice behind him surprises Xichen. Without losing his composure and keeping his best appearance, he turns toward his interlocutor but he’s even more surprised to find out that it’s Jiang Wanyin’s brother, Wei Wuxian. Xichen greets him with courtesy and in return gets a clumsy bow and a beautiful smile from him. «Lotus Pier’s Hefeng Liquor is really good,» Xichen compliments him «Just its smell can tell me how exquisite it is.»«And yet you didn’t drink one drop of it, and neither did your brother.»In Wei Wuxian’s tone, there’s some kind of joking and amused courtesy, almost irreverent, as if the boy wasn’t used to speak with such formal manners and couldn’t actually contain all of his whim. Xichen smiles, just as amused, and shakes his head.«Consuming alcohol is prohibited in Cloud Recesses,» he explains.«But you are in Lotus Pier now and you just became my brother’s omega, part of his family. You should let go of all those rules!»Xichen can’t control the way he winces when he hears Wei Wuxian calling him Jiang Wanyin’s omega and averts his eyes from the boy not to show the cultivator how much it’s upsetting him. But Wei Wuxian has always been good at reading body language and his face immediately turns serious.«I was indelicate, and I apologize for it.» His voice, as he speaks, seems completely different and Lan Xichen can feel that he really means what he’s saying. «I didn’t mean it in a denigrating way. No one here will judge you because you’re an omega: our two Empires are on the same wavelength on this matter.»Lan Xichen nods, cracking a smile: after all, Wei Wuxian being an omega and the right hand of Yunmeng Emperor is enough proof of what the boy is saying.«We’ll need to find an agreement about the alcohol, though! Here we consume a lot of it, you won’t always be able to avoid drinking it with the same grace you used tonight!» Wei Wuxian laughs and only then Lan Xichen notices that the cultivator has a small jar of liquor in his hand; he starts drinking it messily, letting part of the liquid wet his dark clothes. The celebrations go on all night. Lan Xichen moves from the conversations with the most oddly varied guests to moments of voluntary solitude when he distances himself from the others enough that he can see the scene from the outside, in a detached way. Lotus Pier is permeated by a whole different kind of energy than that of the Clouds Recesses, but that doesn't mean it's less beautiful. Among its lakes and piers, there's a type of life Xichen never experienced in his twenty–six years lived in Gusu and somehow he's fascinated by it. «We wonder if you'll be worthy of the role that has been bestowed upon you.»The voice of a woman interrupts his thoughts and Lan Xichen turns, seeing a bunch of female cultivators dressed in beautiful purple clothes, the symbol of the Jiang Sect.«Our Emperor deserves an omega who’s more than your gracious presence. The Lan Sect didn’t join out war until now, why this change of heart?»The hatred Xichen can feel coming from the stranger woman makes him straighten his back and maintain his composure; the smile on his face doesn’t fade – it becomes more secure instead. «Ma’am,» he starts «The Empire the Lan Sect is leading never denies its help if the cause is noble and the intention kindred to our principles. We made a move when our strengths were needed. As for myself, I was educated to be the next Emperor in Gusu – I’ll be up to Yunmeng.»Xichen’s voice is clear and secure, but the smile the woman gives him threatens to wreck it anyway.«As you would be up to Qinghe, no doubt.»That name hurts Xichen as only the things related to Nie Mingjue can do. The young Lan wishes he could control himself, but he clenches his fists, unsettled by the situation. The reaction does not go unnoticed by the woman, whose smile, larger now, humiliates and mocks Xichen. What she’s accusing him of should anger Xichen, but it just makes him feel ashamed instead. How easily did he change marriage and bed, giving himself to the first alpha that proposed to him, immediately after his lover’s death? That’s what the woman is asking and he doesn’t have an answer.  For a few moments, Xichen doesn’t reply, trying to get a hold of the situation – he’s afraid his body is shaking now and if the ones before him noticed it there would be so little he could do to get out of that confrontation with his honor intact. But after all, what could he say to such a statement, made for the sole purpose of hurting and humiliating him? Even his smile becomes thin and false now.
 «Let go of everything, move on.» 
Xichen takes a breath, slowly, as if he has all the time in the world.
 «Promise me you will do it for me.» 
«Qinghe belongs to my past. A past that has nothing to do with Yunmeng, nor with Emperor Jiang. My integrity about this marriage can’t be questioned, and I won’t allow Gusu’s loyalty to this cause to be called in question either. Now, if you ladies want to excuse me.»The surprise on the cultivator’s face gives Xichen time to make a small bow and turn his back on the bunch of ladies in the most courteous way he knows, allowing him to walk away from the danger, perfectly hiding the wounds he sustained. He doesn’t make but a few more steps before his gaze meets his groom’s. By the way he’s looking at him now that their eyes have met, Xichen can easily deduce that Jiang Wanyin was searching for him. Without speeding his pace, he moves toward him and smiles at him without being reciprocated. As he takes place at his side and assumes the role of his new spouse and omega for the ceremony, Lan Xichen asks himself if Jiang Wanyin thinks the same things that the woman told him.«On behalf the Jiang family and the whole Sect I want to express my gratitude to all the guests for having taken part in this ceremony, even if these are difficult times for all of us,» the Emperor starts talking – he’s young and yet the moment he speaks he’s able to conquer everyone’s attention and silence, as only a leader can do. «I hope that this union will bring serenity not only to Yunmeng but also to all the Reigns that are now in danger.»Enthusiastic cries rise from the most important cultivators and the whole Jiang Sect, while others applaud and most of the guests bow to those words.«We will retire now,» Jiang Wanyin announces then, following the last part of the wedding rituals, in which the guests witness the new couple entering the nuptial chamber and wish them a flourish and fecund union. When the Emperor takes his hand, with kindness and distance, Xichen hopes that no one notices the shiver running along his back, especially not Wanyin. He follows him, easily keeping pace, and the doors closing behind them resound in his ears. Xichen wanted to look at Wangji for one last time and even if he knows his brother’s eyes never abandoned him that night, no matter where he was, he suddenly feels lonely now that he didn’t get the chance to do so. Xichen is not afraid. Not really. But also, for the first time, he feels like he’s been forced into something he is not sure he wants.«You’re nervous.»Jiang Wanyin is not asking a question.«Being the omega who just got married to the Yunmeng Emperor, the guests' eyes never left me for the whole ceremony. Please, forgive me if I didn’t seem as affable and calm as I always am.» Xichen speaks quietly, managing to control his voice perfectly and hoping that his explanation is enough to justify any emotion the alpha felt coming from him. Jiang Wanyin seems not to know what to say for a few moments, then he nods, laying the swords that stayed at his side for the whole ceremony on its pedestal, in plain sight on one of the sidewalls of the chamber. The interior decorations of the room are somehow as simple as the ones Lan Xichen is used to in Cloud Recesses and yet they show less candor, less kindness than the ones the cultivator has lived in. Someone would say that the chamber is spartan by necessity and almost devoid of warmth. Lan Xichen takes a few steps towards the four–poster bed placed against the wall in front of him and he sees that all his things were moved and carefully placed there, on the opposite side to where Jiang Wanyin is standing now as if they are waiting to be appropriately stowed in the right places. That morning he left everything in the chamber he shared with Wangji: someone must have taken them to his new chamber during the wedding. That simple observation somehow upsets Xichen, as if he'd suddenly realized how real that wedding was and how many things were going to change after that night. He doesn't want to feel sad and yet he can clearly feel a lump in his throat. Lan Xichen straightens his shoulders up, trying to keep his composure: he will be strong and worthy of his name and role, as he's always been, and even better than that. He will outcome any expectations, any rumors. He will be the best choice the Jiang Sect could ever make. «I want to be clear about something, Jiang Wanyin,» he says. «My Sect, all of Gusu, didn't take this alliance lightly, nor did they take lightly all the things that originate from it. I do not intend letting my person or the honor of my Sect be questioned by anyone.» Lan Xichen talks with more vehemence than he would like to show and clenches a fist to recollect his composure. The Emperor had turned to him with those words and now his gaze is serious and intense, attentive. Lan Xichen can instinctively feel the strength of the alpha in front of him but doesn't let it diminish his determination. «I don't recall ever questioning it, or you,» Wanyin points out, taking a step toward him. «But this is your Empire now, Lan Xichen  of Yunmeng Jiang .» «Gusu will always be my Empire. This marriage will never change what is in my heart.» Maybe Xichen’s words are harsher than he would like them to be, but for once the cultivator doesn't feel the urge to make them softer. Hearing them, Wanyin trembles, upset. Xichen doesn't know, doesn't see the way he's interpreting his speech, how personally he's taking it. He just sees that somehow he has enraged the Emperor and still he sustains his gaze with a kind of audacity that would have been punished in Clouds Recesses.  «Your heart has never had anything to do with all of this,» he hears the alpha reply. Wanyin moves a few more steps toward him – his face as hard as marble is painted with arrogance now as if he were the one holding the blade by its hilt and the enemy in front of him was unarmed. Except for the fact that the one standing in front of him is his spouse. The awareness of that bond makes Wanyin even more uncomfortable. «But of course. I forgot that ours is nothing more than a political agreement.» Lan Xichen smiles, half–closing his eyes. Now the irony in his voice is intentional and he's sure of the way the other will interpret his words. There's nothing romantic in that union – but as the alpha comes closer to him, he feels his determination waver. He doesn't want anything to be romantic… right? He didn't accept the union with the Emperor for that reason. And yet… That doubt can become pain or rage. Wanyin makes that choice for him.«You became my omega fully aware of what that would have meant.» «I never said anything different!»The proximity of their bodies, a heartbeat away from each other, makes them both aware of their strength and determination. Jiang Wanyin has never felt an omega release such a strong scent: not even his brother with his strong and untamed attitude has ever reached that intensity. It confuses him and the confusion makes the Emperor’s rage rise, as always, and even more now that he’s feeling somehow threatened by the confidence of the omega standing in front of him. As for him, Xichen doesn’t have much control over his actions anymore and the strong, intoxicating scent of the alpha in front of him, that should alarm him, does nothing but push his irrationality to respond. Suddenly Xichen remembers that woman’s words, the words of all the people who thought he was done because he’d lost his future mate and that offended him when he dared to get up and go on. He remembers his pain, his confusion, and in all of that Mingjue’s warmth that he would never feel again. A kind of warmth Wanyin doesn’t seem to have, no matter how close to Xichen he is now. And everything explodes before the omega’s eyes, in his body’s trembles, in his accelerated breathing, in his gritted teeth. «But now you’re mine anyway.»Xichen can clearly feel the atmosphere of the chamber changing after those words. He feels the tension spreading into his body almost paralyzing him even though or maybe precisely because he knows what is going to happen. But he doesn't step back because of this. «So it's true: you, like every Lan worthy of his name, have never  been  with someone,» Wanyin points out with an amused, insolent smile on his face, something that makes Xichen feel nervous and ashamed of himself, even if he knows there's no reason for it. Yes, among the three thousand and more rules that govern the lives of those under the Lan Sect, there's also one concerning the respect for their future life partner. Whoever will marry a Lan will be sure of their purity. For that reason, until now not even Mingjue, the one Xichen thought would be his life partner, had ever laid with him. They loved each other, kissed and touched each other, and Mingjue provoked him so many times, but not even once Xichen gave in that deep desire, asking him to wait and be patient. And now… Now this alpha’s scent is so strong, so different from Mingjue’s, and doesn't give the omega any chance of salvation. Xichen is afraid, he doesn't want to do it and at the same time, he knows he can't resist it. Wanyin’s hands find their place on Xichen’s clothes violently and the omega flinches when he feels that sudden contact. His instinct screams in his chest, something between the need to run away and to come closer to the alpha. When his chest is completely exposed and at the mercy of Wanyin’s hands, Xichen can’t hold a moan and when he hears that noise filling the air between them he feels ashamed for it and angered by it and hurt, so hurt. Xichen never missed Mingjue as much as he does now that Wanyin is discovering his body for the first time, his weak spots, his core. At the same time, though, the scent that the alpha is releasing now smells like everything that Xichen’s body can desire and his mind finds it difficult to stay lucid, focused on what his soul is feeling. His needs risk prevailing over everything else. The omega can feel his own scent changing, becoming more intense, more  inviting and it doesn’t matter how much he tries to control himself, the warmth coming from his own skin can only increase wherever Wanyin touches him as if his body was suddenly waking up. Xichen realizes that in the end, in that chamber, before Emperor Jiang’s eyes, he’s nothing more than an omega at the mercy of the alpha that has just become his mate. He has to bite his lips until he can taste blood to not give in that instinctive, shameful physical need. Alas, when the alpha pushes him on their bed with no grace, Xichen doesn’t resist and all his feelings stay caged in his wide, slender chest. After all, what could he do? It’s their first night after the wedding, how could things be different? But Xichen doesn’t touch him, doesn’t return Wanyin’s attentions: he’s not ready yet to touch his skin, caress his face and discover his body. He’s not ready yet to that kind of intimacy and romanticism and maybe he will never be, not with him… As Wanyin’s lips wet his neck, Xichen convinces himself that he doesn’t need it, that he will never need intimacy and romanticism again in his life, that those feelings have been buried forever. Wanyin is on top of him, still trapped in his long, purple clothes, and Xichen regretfully realizes that he finds him beautiful. His face is not just cold and severe – the lust, the desire to have him melted those features into something more desirable, more sensual, that Xichen wishes he could hate but can only find astonishing. His body reacts to that beauty more than his mind would like to, even if Xichen doesn’t want to give up yet and accept it.He isn't embarrassed when he feels the rest of his clothes slipping away from his body. Xichen is able to sustain  his alpha’s eyes as Wanyin comes back from his legs to his face, his eyes widened by the desire because of the amazing spectacle they are looking at. Xichen shivers a little when Wanyin’s hands start caressing his body again but he doesn’t back off, he doesn’t stop looking. He wants to be present every moment of that night, never give in completely the pleasure or the desperation. He wants to be able to discern what he’s doing with Wanyin from what it could be with Mingjue. He needs to separate the two things or he will go insane. Teeth penetrate his white, smooth skin with need and Xichen can’t stop himself from tilting his head to give Wanyin more room. He shivers when everything he can feel is the pain for the bite and the penetrating scent of his alpha, so strong it almost suffocates him, making his head spin and leaving him with no more strength. It’s his first bite, his first mark, something Xichen has never experienced before, that it’s possible to do only when the wedding is celebrated and recognized by everyone. And Xichen never thought it would be so  deep  , so  annihilating , but at that moment he feels like he’s nothing on his own anymore and that his existence will always depend on Wanyin.
 «Promise me that if something happens to you will move on.» 

 «Nonsense.» 

 «Huan, promise me you won’t hold onto the past. That you will let go. That your life will be fully lived.» 

 «Without you? How could I?» 

 «It would be my last wish for you. Move on.» 
Wanyin is claiming him as his own. Completely. Xichen can’t offer any resistance: this has always been his destiny. And he realizes he never actually understood what it means to be bonded to someone until his alpha’s teeth marked him. Only at the moment, Xichen allows himself to close his eyes, defeated. 
 I’m moving on, Mingjue. I’m letting go. 




part 2



In the next few weeks, Lan Xichen gets used to his new life with fewer difficulties than what he thought. The confusion and the desperation of the first night with Wanyin have left space to a routine of sharing that chamber and the warmth of their bodies with no emotional evolving. When they are together, the Yunmeng Emperor doesn't speak to him. He doesn't smile, doesn't expose himself more than the instinct tells him to do and it's so easy for Xichen to act in the same way, being nothing more than the omega Wanyin married. He keeps to himself the fact that he can actually feel pleasure when he is with the alpha, under his experienced hands, surrounded by his sweet scent and his attentions, sometimes so deep and careful for someone who is supposedly just acting out of sexual desire. Xichen could never confess Wanyin ‒ nor himself ‒ that spending the night with him is not a burden, that being with him is not a bad thing, that there's something that… that… keeps him from being regretful about it. During the day, each of them lives his own life and Xichen is free to explore Lotus Pier whenever he can. The place he will spend the rest of his life in is colorful and full of life, people are friendly and passionate in their hospitality. Xichen realizes that he enjoys taking long walks outside the Palace, in contact with a world he has never experienced before among Gusu’s mountains. Xichen asks himself if Wangji, always so shy and reserved, would like to be involved in that kind of life ‒ with him gone, he must have no one to spend his time with now. Their correspondence is constant now, so frequent that every cultivator living in the Emperor's Palace smiles at all the letters coming in every couple of days, but Xichen is not bothered by them: they are not offending him anyway, and he needs to stay in contact with Wangji as much as possible. Wanyin doesn't seem to be bothered by it anyway and that reassures Xichen. Their precarious balance is hanging by a thread and the omega feels like he has to calculate every single move so that he won’t jeopardize everything. Since Gusu waged war beside the Jiang Empire, Xichen has taken part in every single military meeting that has happened at the Palace. Those are frequent, once every two or three days. They don't last long and are usually used to share updates about the borders’ situations and the territories more vulnerable to attacks from the Wens. More rarely, they serve the purpose of developing strategies in order to be ready for sudden attacks. A couple of times, several high cultivators from the Lan Sect attended the meeting too and then Xichen could see his brother Wangji acting in the Emperor's stead by his uncle's order. This time the meeting is reserved for very few people. In the wide room, illuminated by the light coming from and a couple of large windows, Jiang Wanyin walks long steps, eyeing a big map from different angles, searching for a solution to his problem. Wei Wuxian, laying on the table in a messy way, seems distracted, or maybe he's following some intense thoughts of his own and he's far away somewhere. Except them and Xichen, three Yunmeng high cultivators also took part in the meeting, and them being only six in that room is a clear sign of how important the decisions they're about to make are. «The Lookout Towers in this zone have been taken by the Wens since…» one of the high cultivators is saying – his voice hesitates and he leaves his sentence unfinished: everyone knows what’s coming next. Since the Wens planned a surprise attack and successfully killed the Jin Emperor and his new consort, Jiang Yanli, thereby conquering parts of that Empire’s territory and plunging everything into chaos. It was the Emperor's brother, Jin Guangyao, who had come up with the idea for the Lookout Towers, meant to avoid dangers like that – he built them everywhere in the Lanling territory and placed some at the borders as well: they were mostly used to search for evil spirits and demonic presences and monsters of the likes, but if needed they could also be used to control any kind of suspicious movements and to prevent such awful events as the one that indeed had happened. Since then, Lanling had been in chaos, witnessing the outbreak and degeneration of a war Yunmeng had taken as its own because of the assassination of Emperor Jiang’s sister. After all, what could Lanling have done after the death of the imperial couple and with the Emperor’s brother discredited by a murder his most brilliant invention should have prevented? And since Qinghe is also on the verge of chaos now, because of his Emperor's sudden death, all the paths that lead from those territories to Qishan are patrolled by the Wens or groups of cultivators under their orders. Yunmeng's risk of being isolated is becoming higher with each passing day. Now that he knows how things are from the inside, Xichen can actually understand how needed the alliance with Gusu was for Jiang Wanyin. «We could do it the way they did it,» the omega says with a low but steady voice, saving the high cultivator from his own embarrassment. The man was still searching a way to continue his speech, looking at the Emperor to be sure he still had the right to do so.«What do you mean?» Jiang Wanyin asks, attentive.«They didn't attack Lanling directly or in plain sight. They were sly, they killed Emperor Jin and his wife while they were traveling, with a single high trained assassin. And that's why they could get away with it, eluding the control and disappearing in an instant. They were shrewd and so must we be.»Xichen speaks without looking at anyone, keeping his head on the maps, searching for the exact spots he would need to explain his plan. The silence following his words doesn’t bother him – after all, Xichen has lived in Gusu for twenty–six years, he knows silence better than he knows himself. He lifts his gaze only after he’s found the lookout towers that suit what he’s thinking best and then he realizes he has everyone’s eyes on him: the three high cultivators’ long faces on one side, Wei Wuxian’s amused gaze, paired up with a beautiful smile on the other. And his spouse’s eyes right in front of him, divided by the wide table. Xichen stares right at him as always and waits for his reaction. When the Emperor just gestures him to keep going, the omega explains his plan in the simplest, clearest way: to conquer every lookout tower on the path that goes from Yunmeng to Lanling within a single night, making an overthrow so quick that the Wens would never see it coming, which would be the prelude to a new era for the Jin Empire and possibly a new alliance. If something goes wrong or the Wens react quicker than they estimated, to keep a battalion of cultivators ready so that they can easily reach the foes and fight them. «If everything goes as it should, once Qishan gets the news they lost the outlook towers all the area will already be under Lanling’s command and they will need more than one expert assassin to fight back. Furthermore, if we are able to make contact with Qinghe once this mission succeeds, its Empire could ally with us again.»To that last assumption, Jiang Wanyin’s face became immediately serious.«Are you sure that Nie Huaisang will be willing to take part in this war?»Xichen is not surprised by that question: he’s not sure things will go that way either. Since Mingjue’s death, his relationship with Huaisang has become even closer, because the young boy suddenly found himself to be the head of that Empire without having the right training for that role. Xichen gave him frequent advice concerning internal affairs, but the need to protect his own territory from other possible attacks made the new Emperor immediately decide to back off that war, proclaiming Qinghe neutral and letting the Wens conquer everything up to Qinghe’s gates, a large portion of land that until then had belonged to the Nie family. «No,» Xichen answers, honestly «But our victory could clear Huaisang’s concerns and let Qinghe join the war with us again. Our victory on the path to Lanling could actually be a  breakthrough for more than one situation.»Jiang Wanyin nods in agreement. Even if it’s a big hazard, that plan is actually the only way they have to get a rewarding victory. Relying on just one man is the only way not to be caught by the Wens and end up facing a battle they cannot win right now. Everyone in the chamber is aware that Yunmeng can’t afford another loss: in the last months, it has faced clan Wen much more numerous forces and the losses have been tremendous. The Empire is exhausted: the war has to end as soon as possible and shrewdly. «I’ll leave tomorrow morning. We’ll use the time we still have to make up a path that won’t arouse suspicion.»At those words, Wei Wuxian winces. Until that moment he was certain he would be the one carrying out the plan: hearing his brother take up the mission was the last thing he was expecting.  «No, you’ll stay here. The Emperor can’t risk this much,» Wei Wuxian says firmly, turning his heat to the brother and not using any kind of title or honorific. «I can easily do it myself.»«Last time I checked I was the Emperor, not you. And that means that everything I say needs to be done, not opposed. I’ll leave tomorrow.»Without further ado, Jiang Wanyin dismisses the three high cultivators, his brother and Xichen with a gesture of his hand. The men bow and leave the chamber without making a sound – Wei Wuxian doesn’t want to put an end to that discussion instead, and even as he gets closer to the door, Xichen stays in the chamber too.«Jiang Chang, think about this. You know as well as I do that this thing you’re doing is an unnecessary risk.»« I  am the Emperor, it’s my duty to risk as much as the ones under my orders and even more.»«You’re the Emperor and you have the duty not to die in a mission like this one, that someone else could carry out in your place!»Xichen has never seen the two brothers speaking to each other like that, nor fighting so vehemently. Sure, they quarrel every time they are in the same room and often Wanyin puts a hand on his Sandu, threatening to unsheath it, until Wei Wuxian takes a step back, raising his hands and leaving the room while whispering the last teasing remark to have the last word and make his brother yell at him again. But those are mostly jokes, they both know it and whoever is watching them knows that too. Now things are getting serious. «Because Wei Wuxian could do that better than anyone else, am I right? Even better than the Emperor!»Wei Wuxian sighs, throwing his head back defeated. This is not the first time his brother misunderstands his words, adding his own feeling of inadequacy and inferiority to them. And even if Wei Wuxian is just trying to talk some sense into Wanyin so that he makes the right choice for all of Yunmeng, now that Wanyin has shifted the conversation on a personal level, Wei Wuxian knows that there’s no way to make him understand his point of view. «You know I can do it. And you know that if something happens to me you could keep fighting this war and protect Yunmeng anyway. That’s what I’m saying.» Wanyin is not listening to him anymore. In his head, the thought that all the rumors spreading through the empire are true is viciously rambling. That without Wei Wuxian, the Jiang Sect would already have lost the war months ago. He looks at his brother with anger and resentment and new voices are added to the old ones, one after the other – Wei Wuxian has always been the best, the smartest, the most charismatic one. It didn’t matter what he did, Wanyin could never defeat him. No matter that he was just some servant’s son that the last Emperor adopted, Wei Wuxian always had a special place in everyone’s heart, a place that maybe should have belonged to Wanyin. A place that Wanyin always envied him, after all.But not this time. This time Wanyin would actually make the difference for his empire. This time he would be up to the title he took upon him at his parents’ death and would make them and his sister proud. This time Wei Wuxian would have nothing to do with his personal success.«An Emperor who’s not ready to die for his land is not worthy of trust. You will stay here. You will wait for news from me and be ready to lead an attack with the best cultivators we have if the Wens will fight back. End of discussion.»«You–»«Wei Wuxian! This is an order! Do you want to defy your Emperor? Do I have to lock you up?!»Wei Wuxian grits his teeth and looks away from his brother, angered. It has never been a matter of titles between them, they have always been just two boys grown up together and bonded by deep affection. That’s why a part of him can’t help but be hurt anytime Wanyin uses that tone to underline his authority, as if Wei Wuxian was nothing but one of his servants, of his high cultivators or disciples at his commands.Lan Xichen, that up to that moment had watched the scene without interfering, can easily see the uneasy look on Wei Wuxian’s face and takes a few steps forward – he wants to reason with his spouse, be the mediator between the two brothers so that they can understand each other’s feelings, but Wei Wuxian shakes his head looking at him, the ghost of a smile on his lips, and then he formally takes his leave with a deep bow. To that sight, Xichen can’t help but sighs lightly: if Wanyin was looking at him right now, he could see the concerned look on his face, the way his eyes closes for some instances and then try to find the needed calm not to worsen the situation. «Do you want to criticize me too? You are the one who suggested this plan,» he hears Wanyin say – the Emperor’s eyes aren’t looking at him, they are studying the map on the table and they seem to move following Wanyin’s thoughts. But Lan Xichen knows that he’s not actually paying attention to what he’s watching, that he’s waiting for an answer more than anything else. «Wei Wuxian was not criticizing you. And I won’t either.»Xichen ignores the Emperor’s snort, as he averts his gaze from the map and turns away in order not to face the omega, and takes a few steps forward. Xichen doesn’t think he can change Wanyin’s mind, but he doesn’t want anything between them to stay unsaid.«What I suggested to do is really dangerous. You won’t have any support and if someone finds you out you will be outnumbered. The success is anything but granted, no matter how shrewd you are. Wei Wuxian was proposing a different person because if anything happens to you Yunmeng will be a new Lanling and that’s something we all want to avoid if possible.»«Do you think I  want  to plunge my reign into chaos?! Or that I  want  to die?!»«I think that you want to prove yourself and anyone here that you’re worthy of your position. But the fact is that no one has never questioned it – no one but you. You don’t need to be killed to prove yourself that you deserved to be the Emperor.»Lan Xichen’s words are dependable and resolved, they are not softened by his usual kindness nor made prettier by any frills. At that moment, Gusu’s bitter cold, stinging and austere, seems to have surrounded the omega with an invisible aura and Wanyin feels that too. He turns to his spouse surprised and stares at him for a few moments without knowing how to reply to what he recognizes as a shameful truth. A truth he wants to distance himself from, but that he knows he can’t avoid now that Xichen gave it a so much solid form. A hand clings to Sandu’s sheath nervously. «Leave me, now. I need to find the best path to reach the outlook towers without arising any suspicion.»There's some kind of disappointment on Xichen’s face but even so, he nods and parts from his spouse after a deep bow.  Be careful , he allows himself to think. But he doesn't voice those words and silence is the last thing filling the air between them.  Wanyin spends the rest of that day closed up in the tactic chamber where he had summoned the reunion, calling Wei Wuxian and the high cultivators again in the afternoon to discuss the last details of the mission. He anticipates his leave, and sets off that same evening. Lan Xichen just sees him when he’s leaving the Palace, the light armor under a big, dark cape and the hood almost covering his entire face. He doesn’t find the right words to bid him farewell, no matter how much time he spends thinking about it, so Xichen lets another bow fill the void between them. The Emperor looks at him for a few moments, answering with a single nod of his head, then he hits the horse to make it move. «Are you worried, Zewu–Jun?»Wei Wuxian’s voice doesn’t surprise him, but Xichen doesn’t know what to answer him. Since he has started living in Yunmeng, there have been many situations in which all the omega could feel was just a sort of confusion that left him incapable of explaining his emotions. It's something he has never experienced in Gusu, where he was always in control of the situation, always able to get out of it in the most distinct way.«Jiang Cheng is strong and really tenacious: even if the mission doesn't go the way he planned it, he will be able to find a way out and come back here safe. You don't need to be worried about him.»Lan Xichen looks at him, trying to be convinced by his words. Wei Wuxian’s eyes, though, betray the concern that his pride doesn’t allow him to show. They are both scared. *** Lan Xichen is certain that something is wrong when he goes to bed. At first, he thinks it's just him being worried about Wanyin leaving that is keeping him awake and tense, unable to sleep, so he tries to think about something else, convincing himself that everything will go well, that this is not the first risk the Emperor has taken. That they can't win the war without making bold moves and trusting each others’ valiance anyway. Nonetheless, Xichen is only able to fall asleep once the sun is about to shine on Yunmeng’s piers with its light, soft colors. When, after a few hours of disturbed sleep, he opens his eyes again, what is happening to him is finally clear and terrifying. Xichen is in heat. His first heat since he’s married Wanyin. And no heat of his has ever been this strong. Lan Xichen tries to get up from the bed but his head starts spinning so violently that he falls down on his knees, with no strength left to stand up. His breathing is erratic, his body is so hot he thinks he's about to combust and the need is so strong that it makes Xichen’s sight go blurry. If he could, the omega would rip off his own skin to find some relief from the desire pulsing into his veins. He wants to scream, he tries to do it with all his might but not a single sound leaves his open mouth and Xichen realizes he’s started trembling as if he was feeling cold even though he's burning.Everything surrounding the omega seems shapeless and far away as if it was part of another reality. Or maybe it’s Xichen that was swallowed up in a world of pain and frustration that is keeping him hanging in agony. Shocked as he is, Xichen doesn't realize he is not alone in his chamber anymore until he feels someone touching him. He winces violently because he feels that even a simple touch could arouse him, bring him pleasure. Xichen has never felt as in need of attention and care as he is right now, and he really wishes he could be lucid enough to be ashamed of his reactions, but all he can do is moan and lift his head at that touch.«Don't be afraid, it's me,» he hears a voice say, barely recognizing it as Wei Wuxian’s. His scent is strong, Xichen can smell it even with all that is happening and it's so reassuring that he almost feels better. He never felt so relieved to be with another omega and he hangs on him with all the strength that still remains in his body.«Pl–please...» Xichen murmurs, not completely aware of his own words. «Everything is alright, the chamber is guarded by my servants, betas and omegas. There's nothing to be afraid of – every alpha has been sent away, Lotus Pier is safe for you, Zewu–jun.»Xichen tries to focus on Wei Wuxian’s face in front of him and recognizes his serious look while he speaks. Lotus pier is safe? Does that mean that everyone know what is happening to him? That his scent has become strong enough to lead someone there? What is happening to him? Why can't he control himself? «What… what is happening...» Xichen whispers, shaken by shivers, and he gives in the warmth of Wei Wuxian’s body with more rapture he has ever shown to anyone who was not Mingjue. The other omega’s hands are gentle on his face, moving away the hair moistened by the sweat and caressing his skin while murmuring something reassuring that Xichen barely hears.«It's not your first heat, am I right?» Wei Wuxian asks with the same kindness, as if he was trying to reason with him. «It has… never been… so strong...» Xichen is able to explain among the moans and shivers harder when Wei Wuxian pulls him closer and tries to make him stand and lie on the bed to make him more comfortable. «I think it's because you have an alpha who marked you this time,» he guesses with a calm that makes Xichen nervous – he makes a frustrated noise without being able to control himself. «Tell me everything you need to get some relief and I will bring it myself – my heats are always intense, I can understand what you are going through.»To those words, Lan Xichen widens his eyes, suddenly clear–headed, and tries to step back, aware of what Wei Wuxian means and at the same time as if just the thought of finding some kind of relief repulsed him. He has never, in any of his previous heats, given in to the frustrating need to find any kind of sexual pleasure on his own. In Gusu it would be immoral, something to avoid at any cost. Xichen didn’t expect Wei Wuxian to talk about it so carelessly instead, saying that he would help him do it.  «You don’t need to be scared: Jiang Cheng is not here, but you are safe anyway, I will take care of everything and you will feel good soon.»But that is exactly the point: Xichen doesn’t want to feel good in the way Wei Wuxian means it. He doesn’t know how to do it, he has never done it and doesn’t want to start now.«Go… away...» he manages to say, trying to push himself away to let go of Wei Wuxian’s body still too close to him. «How could I? You’re clearly struggling and since I’m an omega like you...» Wei Wuxian says, surprised by that reaction, getting close to him again. Xichen understands him, he knows what it’s like for an omega to be beside another omega in heat, he remembers that urgent need to help and protect who is in trouble and more exposed because of his weakness and the scent they’re releasing. But at the same time, he’s never received someone’s help when a thing like that happened to him in Cloud Recesses: he has always managed to keep his instincts under control and to resist until everything was over. «It just has to… pass...» Xichen sighs, throwing his head back, laying down and closing his eyes.He is a nervous wreck, tense and ready to react to any arousal, exhausted and frenzied at the same time because of his dissatisfaction. Xichen can’t rest. Wei Wuxian’s face suddenly appears in front of him, some of his long bangs slipped away from the ribbon tiding the hair up now tickling Xichen face, filling the space between them.«What are you doing?» Xichen asks worriedly. He suddenly feels exposed under the other omega’s look, more naked than when Wanyin undressed him during their first time together. «The Lans being virgins until the wedding is something of common knowledge, but I thought you could at least take care of yourself during heats...» he says – it seems something important, judging from the serious way Wei Wuxian is looking at him, so important that Xichen can’t avert his eyes off him, feeling ashamed without even knowing why.«Heats are just impulses to hold off, keep under control and overcome,» he says, quoting his uncle’s teachings almost exactly. «Heats are the way our body has to remind us of what we need: sex and pleasure. Ignoring it as you are trying to do now will just make you feel worse – you can’t just agonizingly wait for it to end, you’ll lose your mind!»Lan Xichen hopes that he has a determined, proud look in his eyes as he stares at Wei Wuxian. The clarity of mind that still makes him reason wants to yell that this is the way he has taken care of himself for years and that Xichen doesn’t certainly need some younger omega’s advises to know what’s the right thing to do. And yet something tells him that his eyes, bigger and lucid for the sensations he’s feeling, don’t have any kind of power but to let everyone know the need Xichen is shamelessly feeling.«Please…  I just need… to...»The voice cracks in the middle of that praying and Xichen’s desperation is suddenly so deep to make him burst into tears. He curls up on himself, taking his knees closer to his chest, as if he could hold inside the agony he’s feeling for that unsatisfied desire. He keeps trembling, his hair strewn on the light–colored sheets of his bed, too big for him alone, and now the sobs for what has become an unbearable pain join the shaking.«Let me help you, please!» Wei Wuxian insists, now on the bed next to him. «There’s nothing to be ashamed of, it doesn’t matter what they taught you in the Cloud Recesses! No one here wishes to see you suffer like this!»Xichen’s movements are so jerky that it takes several seconds for Wei Wuxian to actually understand that the omega is still shaking his head.«Then I’ll send a messenger to warn Jiang Cheng and inform him about your condition. The mission could still take several days and you can’t take this like this any longer,» Wei Wuxian decides, getting out of the bed and heading out of the chamber.«Don’t you… dare…!» Wei Wuxian stops on the spot, turning immediately: in front of him the sublime, heartwrenching view of Xichen, loose clothes slipping off his shoulders carelessly, sweaty skin and pure suffering on his face. And yet, still able to stand on his knees as he looks at him with the most resilient and strong gaze, as if the fire burning him up from the inside could slip out from that.«You will not… embarrass me… like this...!» he articulates, despite the labored breathing. «You will do… as I say… because I am the Emperor’s consort and… this is my order...»He narrows his eyes for some instants, trying to keep under control a new wave of unsatisfied pleasure that is making his legs shake, unable to sustain the weight of his body in that condition. When Xichen looks at him again, Wei Wuxian is still in front of him, standing there as he had ordered and waiting for his commands. Xichen swallows, partly satisfied by the view: if he can't control his body, then he will control everything else. If he can’t have satisfaction from his alpha, then he will have it from the power that marrying Wanyin gave him. Even if it’s wrong, even if he had never thought he would do that. «I want you… to bring here a small bathtub… full of cold water. And I want you… to send a message… to my brother… discretely informing him about my conditions...»Wei Wuxian doesn’t even blink while listening to those requests. It doesn’t require too much thinking to understand what the cold water will be used for and even if Lan Wangji is an alpha he is also Xichen’s brother, maybe the only one who would be able to stay by his side during the heat. He is probably the only one Xichen has always allowed to help in those years, and his absence now must be harder to bear than what Xichen is showing. «I will do as you said,» Wei Wuxian reassures him, taking his leave with a bow. He has only taken one step when he hears Xichen call him again, and he winces when he looks back at the omega.Now Xichen is bowing his head, has it bent forward so that it touches the sheets, and he’s all curled up again. His omega’s instincts don’t allow Wei Wuxian to tolerate that sight any longer and the cultivator runs toward him, oblivious to every command or etiquette.«I don’t have any intention of leaving you alone,» he says, taking Xichen by the shoulders and making him lie with his forehead on his chest. He caresses the omega’s back with a hand, trying to comfort him. «I will order some servants of mine to do as you ordered and I’ll stay here with you until Hanguang–jun gets here.» Xichen can’t answer. He tries to lift his head so that he can look into Wei Wuxian’s eyes and then gives in to the tiredness, sighing and laying against his chest. Wei Wuxian is true to his word and doesn’t leave Lan Xichen alone for even a second. He keeps him close, reassuring him with his physical presence, telling him everything is going to be fine, placating him with sweet lies that could possibly soothe the new waves of dissatisfied pleasure tormenting the omega’s wrecked body a bit. Wei Wuxian doesn’t try to convince him to give in to his instincts anymore. He doesn’t tell him he can help, that he knows what could make him feel better. He has somehow accepted that this is Xichen’s way of dealing with the heat and now he just wants to stay by his side the best he can.  When the bathtub with cold water is finally ready, Wei Wuxian has to lift Xichen and carry him there, immersing him into the water fully clothed. Xichen lets him do everything with no strength left to move and a deep sigh leaves his lips when a freezing sensation surrounds him, giving him some relief. He throws his head back, against the wood and lets his body slide until the water submerges him. For a few moments, the cold is so strong that it destroys any other sensation and even his desire seems to calm down, paralyzed by the sudden numbness spreading into his body. Xichen feels his own awareness slipping away as if it was a mantle slowly leaving his body melting into the water. For the first time since the heat has begun, he feels like he can let go and relax, finding some relief. The reality hits him hard when Wei Wuxian’s strong arms pull him out of the water wetting the floor.«Have you lost your mind?!» Xichen hears him yell and opens his eyes trying to look at him, fighting the drops of water hanging on his long eyelashes. It takes him several moments to realize that if he had been alone a thing like that would have put him in serious danger. «I’m... sorry...» he murmurs, making an effort to stand, «I… I...»Wei Wuxian realizes that he may have been too rude and tries to soften his actions as he moves away some wet and heavy bangs stuck on Xichen’s face. He realizes then that even if the water he is in is cold Xichen’s skin under his touch is still burning, and that not even being immersed in the bathtub can keep the high fever under control. Wei Wuxian has certainly a lot of experience about how bad heats can be, but even like that he can’t believe the violence of what is breaking Xichen from the inside. «It’s fine, it’s alright, I’ll take care of you,» he says, kindly, as he wipes off the water from his face. «I just want… everything to stop...» Xichen whispers again, no control over himself or what he is saying.  You could feel better if you just let go , Wei Wuxian thinks, but he refrains himself from speaking his mind – making an omega in those conditions nervous would be a pointless act of cruelty and Wei Wuxian is realizing now that he really cares about Xichen, that he’s worried and he would never hurt him, no matter the circumstances. «It will be over soon,» he lies, hoping Lan Wangji will bring some help as soon as he comes – or that Jiang Wanyin will be home soon thanks to some miracle.



part 3



When Lan Wangji finally arrives at Lotus Pier, the sun is setting. Wei Wuxian is immediately informed and goes out looking for him before he even has the chance to take a step inside the Palace. Wei Wuxian feels the tension leave his body only for a weird kind of impatience to take its place, an instinctive need to get to him to explain him what is going on.After all, in the past few hours, he hasn’t actually been able to help Lan Xichen all that much. He’s taken care of him until he could, cooling the water down and standing right beside him every time the instincts seemed to take over his wrecked body and Xichen risked losing his mind, crushed by a desire impossible to satisfy. But when Xichen told him he wanted to go back to bed and try to rest a bit, Wei Wuxian clearly felt something break inside the omega, as if all logic had finally left him for good.Xichen didn’t want Wei Wuxian to stay with him anymore. Desperate, crying with no more shame, he’d yelled at him to go away, to leave him alone, to stop tormenting him with his presence. He’d held tightly onto the sheets as if he could find some peace that way and kept shaking, murmuring random words. Wei Wuxian is sure he heard Nie Mingjue’s name among them. At that point, he couldn’t do anything but leave the chamber, standing right behind its door, silent. Because the pain Lan Xichen was feeling was something he couldn’t violate, that he couldn’t understand and he felt the need to respect more than anything else. Lan Xichen was suffering for the absence of two alphas right then – only imagining how that must feel like brought Wei Wuxian unbearable pain.«You’re finally here! Is Gusu so far away that it takes a whole day for you to reach Yunmeng?!» Wei Wuxian snaps as soon as, running out of the Palace, he sees Lan Wangji moving quickly in his direction. «Where is he?» he hears the alpha ask – there’s no fluctuation in his usual tone of voice and that’s what irritates Wei Wuxian the most.«Where do you think he is?! He’s in his chamber! He’s exhausted, you need to help him or he won’t resist much longer!»Lan Wangji looks at him and makes Wei Wuxian shiver: the omega has never seen eyes so cold and it seems like the anger inside them has frozen the air around the two of them. For a few moments, Wei Wuxian fears Lan Wangji for being an alpha and his instinct tells him to take a step back and be cautious. Not that  Wei Wuxian is used to actually listening to his common sense anyway. The truth is that he feels angered with Lan Wangji for being so late and with himself for not being able to help Lan Xichen as he would like to, and with his own brother for being so far away when his spouse needs him so much.Lan Wangji doesn’t say anything else, but speeds up his pace and reaches his brother’s chamber in no time, entering without knocking. If Wei Wuxian knew him better, he would know by those small details, so unusual for him, how much he is worried about his brother.«Xiong–zhang!» Wangji calls out and his usually so unperturbed face flinches when he sees Xichen. The alpha has never felt as hurt as he’s feeling now that he can see how much his brother is suffering.«Leave us,» he orders to Wei Wuxian, that entered the chamber with him followed by a couple of servants. «If we need something, we will call for you.»The omega doesn’t say anything, he just gives the Lan brothers one last look, then leaves the chamber with the servants, personally closing the wooden doors and sitting right outside, his back laying against the cold wall. He has no intention of leaving Xichen alone, not even for a second – he couldn’t be at ease anywhere else: he feels that this is the only place where he should be. «Wangji…» Xichen mutters, trying to reach out for him with a hand, asking for help. Lan Wangji moves fast and reaches him, taking his hand and holding it between his own, feeling how cold it is. He looks worriedly at his brother and in that suffering face he recognizes something very similar to how Xichen was when Nie Mingjue died. It’s the same desperation and even the scent Xichen has now is stronger than the one he releases during his usual heats: in it, Wangji can clearly smell the same anguish of when his brother lost his alpha.«I am here, everything is alright,» he tries to reassure him, knowing that he’s not good with words. He hopes that his own scent, strong and familiar, can calm Xichen down, reassure him enough to stop his trembling and help him come back to his senses.«How can everything be alright?» Wangji hears him ask, with a high pitched voice, as if he yelled the whole day.«The only person I have ever loved is not here with me – I will never see him again! And the person I’m bonded to is not here either! I’m alone, Wangji, alone as I’ve never felt. So alone that if my life ended in this exact moment, no one would notice.»Before the younger brother can say anything, Xichen surprises him by throwing his arms around his neck and curling up against his chest. Wangji is breathless: never, not even during his mourning days in Qinghe, has his brother seemed so weak and hopeless, with no strength or resolve left in him to fight back. To Wangji’s eyes that is absurd, this XIchen is nothing but a shadow of the cultivator he admires so deeply, that has been an anchor in his life so many times. Even during his previous heats, even in the most difficult times, Xichen always kept a commendable composure and resolution. Right now he seems on the verge of breaking down in front of him, and not being able to do anything to help him makes Wangji’s frustration rise so sharply that he clenches his fists.«I’m sorry...» he hears Xichen mutter «I must seem so pathetic. I am, I know I am. But it… hurts… so badly…» «You are not pathetic,  Xichen .» Lan Wangji hasn’t called his brother with his courtesy name for a long time now. Since he stopped being a child and understood the value of a strict education, Xichen has always been  Xiong–zhang for him. Respectfully, devotionally. Sometimes fondly as well, in that peculiar way Lan Wangji allows himself to show affection. "Xichen" sounds almost new on his lips and makes him flinch, even if he chose that word consciously, hoping it would cause some reaction in his brother. And Xichen lifts his head to look at him, the same surprise in his eyes as Wangji felt pronouncing that name and a particular kindness, something sad yet warm. A tangle of feelings the younger one is unable to understand. It's not easy for Xichen to let him go: he doesn't want to break that contact but he also realizes he's going too far and not even the pain, the need he's feeling can be a valid excuse for the way he's making his brother feel, since Wangji isn’t comfortable with any kind physical contact. «I thought,» Xichen says, laying on the bed again, not at all minding how messy his clothes or hair are, nor the way his headband still sits on his forehead but is almost entirely loosened. «I thought I could love him. I thought that after some days, in a few weeks some kind of affection would blossom inside me, that I could find complicity in Jiang Wanyin, a kindred spirit in this union. And yet… yet there's nothing but coldness, a kind of bitter cold that has nothing in common with Gusu, that brings me no peace… Everything is full of life in Yunmeng except for his Emperor.» Wangji looks at him. He's not aware of the way his eyes are betrayed him, showing all the emotions that the rest of his body doesn't want to show. In those eyes, there's visceral anger for Xichen’s sadness, and a sympathy for the pain he’s feeling.«But I need him,» the older brother speaks again «At this moment there isn't a single fiber of my body that isn't screaming, spasming because of his absence. And it feels so wrong, I can't stop thinking about Mingjue and feeling like I'm betraying him, like I'm betraying both of them. I feel like I'm going to be torn apart, as if each of them were pulling me by one arm and I couldn't decide where to go, suspended, with my feet stuck on the ground and no way to move.»Xichen has never spoken to his brother so directly, not even during his seclusion days after Mingjue’s funeral, not even during the nights when the panic was so deep that he desperately needed Wangji, his embrace, his presence. Now, though, Xichen can't silence his torment, he can't refrain from speaking about the doubts tormenting him, all the feelings that he tried to keep under control, to hide and slowly suffocate. He struggles on his bed, shaken again by a new wave of dissatisfied pleasure and feels like he can burn everything that is touching his skin, the sensations he's feeling being so strong. Even Wangji’s scent can't do much to keep him calm now. «Can I play something for you?»Wangji’s request is gentle, it reaches Xichen’s ears with kindness. Music is something the two brothers have always shared, after all, their own language with which they can communicate what they can't say in words. «Please,» Xichen agrees, moving just enough to hear Wangji better. The brother gets up from the bed and, after having unwrapped his qugin from the cloth that was protecting it, sits on the ground and starts playing something slow and relaxing. Xichen smiles, between tears and sweat, recognizing the melody from its first notes. It's one of the nameless songs Wangji composed by himself, the ones that only Xichen has ever listened to because the Gusu Emperor would probably find flaws in it, or simply because Wangji doesn't want anyone to know what is hiding among those personal notes. Xichen recognizes that one because it's one of the first his brother wrote and even if Wangji changed some of it during the years his core remained the same, a slow sequence of notes that conveys fondness and kindness. That melody was meant for him, Wangji wrote it for his brother. «I'm so grateful you're here...» he murmurs, his voice broken by sobs. «I'm so grateful that at least you didn't abandon me...»Wangji doesn't lift his eyes from the instrument, but his hand almost slips, trailing the note he’s playing for more seconds than it should. It takes Wangji all the firmness he's capable of, all the calm he’s gained during the years through meditation, not to give in the rage he's feeling toward Jiang Wanyin for making his brother suffer that much. The melody keeps going and soon the omega’s laments start to accompany it. So Wangji plays it more violently, louder, increasing its intensity, trying to submerge any other noise. Beneath that melody, Xichen’s heartbreaking cries become deeper and don’t seem to find peace. Jiang Wanyin has never wanted to be fast as he does in this moment, as under the heavy rain he hits the horse hard to make it get to Yunmeng as soon as possible, his dark cape still on to hide his true identity. When the news about his sister’s death arrived at the Palace, Wanyin remembers he flew on his sword so quickly he risked falling off of it many times because of the strong wind. When his mother led the improvised attack against the Wen Empire that ended up with her's and Emperor Jiang Fengmian’s deaths, Jiang Wanyin believes he turned into wind from how fast he ran to them. But it wasn’t enough. And yet, none of those memories can be compared to the need he’s feeling right now, to that blind, unconditional necessity that is yelling at him to go back to Yunmeng, to Lan Xichen.Jiang Wanyin hadn't understood it immediately. For the first days, he'd been sure that his anxiety, his worry and frustration were due to how slowly the mission he was on was progressing. After all, it did take almost two days to reach the first outlook tower and decide how to attack it and conquer it. When, finally, all the outlook towers on the way to Lanling were in the hands of the Jins, the sun was setting on the fourth day. Then, only then did Jiang Wanyin realize that something was wrong. His worries, together with some kind of strange craving still making every muscle of his body tense up, didn’t disappear, but were instead making him feel frazzled as if he was in the middle of a dangerous situation he couldn’t escape from. But Wanyin was safe, surrounded by allies from the Jin Sect, the Wens had been defeated and killed and he just had to make his way back home. Then he’d figured it out. He wasn’t the one in danger. He wasn’t the one in need. Jiang Wanyin has never really been in control of his alpha instincts. When he was younger, his father used to scold him every time an excessive outburst of anger ended with a mean word, a scream or even a punch in the face. His mother used to contradict the man, instead, saying that Jiang Cheng being an alpha and the future Emperor he should demonstrate his strength from the beginning and demand respect. Wanyin never could discern what the right thing to do was, and even now there are moments when the instincts take control over him and he isn’t able to stop himself until it’s too late. Like when he almost killed Wei Wuxian.This time he’s almost grateful for his lack of control, though, and gives in to his instincts with the same ease with which he allows cold air to fill his lungs. Because the omega that’s bound to him is suffering and even if Wanyin doesn’t know why and no alarming news from Yunmeng came during those days, the alpha knows he should be with him. «Ah! Ah!» he yells, spurring his horse even more, even if that means the animal will collapse on the ground when they arrive in Yunmeng. If he could have, Wanyin would have come back flying on his sword, but after that kind of mission the risk was too high: being killed on his way back would do no good to anyone and despite everything, he  knows  this is the best solution.Jiang Wanyin didn’t want to bind that omega to himself. Not after his sister’s murder, not after his parents’ death. Having another person in his life is something that bothers him: he’s tired of suffering, of crying over the dead bodies of his loved ones that will never hug him again. Making an alliance with Gusu was necessary, though. And the wedding as well. Lan Xichen is much more than what the rumors say about him. He’s not just gentle, kind and polite. He’s not only an example of virtue to respect and admire. He’s strong as well: he has a kind of strength that Jiang Wanyin didn’t expect him to have, that confused him since their first night together. Wanyin feels threatened by this: Lan Xichen can keep up with him so easily that it irritates the alpha. He can even beat him. Xichen’s temperament seems almost frightful, impossible to break despite all the pain Xichen has suffered, completely different from the audacity and the cockiness Wei Wuxian always shows.Wanyin didn’t want to have anything to do with him. Except for the nights spent sharing the same bed, except for the instincts that moved their body and their mouths, except for the moans and the physical pleasure that filled the air in their chamber, Jiang Wanyin tried to stay away from Xichen, not to create any kind of bond with him. He tried to forget that he was his spouse, his mate, that he had marked him. Wanyin tried to ignore his smell, now so different from what it was like the first time Lan Xichen arrived in Yunmeng. Wanyin wishes he didn’t notice how much Lan Xichen smells less of the deep and harsh woods in the mountains of Gusu and more of the first lotus flowers blooming in summer now. But he can’t ignore this. He can’t ignore the urgent feeling that is tightening his chest, taking his breath away. Even more so because it’s his fault, because he can clearly feel the desperate need Lan Xichen has of him.Yunmeng appears empty and dismal under the heavy rain that has been falling for hours now. But in all that desolation, that would dishearten anyone, Jiang Wanyin can only see his brother’s silhouette, riding a horse and holding the rein of another animal ready to be ridden by his side. He suddenly knows why Wei Wuxian is there: he sent a letter about the success of his mission the second everything was over and his brother probably guessed the speed he would have run back in once he understood that something was wrong with his omega.  The fact that Wei Wuxian is the one who came to him, though, makes Wanyin also realize that things at the Palace are bad enough to require his second in command to leave that place in a time like this.«What happened?» the Emperor asks him yelling, as he nimbly gets off his horse and jumps on the one Wei Wuxian prepared, starting to ride at the highest speed. «He's in heat,» Wei Wuxian answers bluntly, without looking him in the eyes. He hits his horse and overtakes his brother. Jiang Wanyin can feel the tension, the pain his brother is feeling just by smelling his scent: it's stronger than usual and sour. It immediately alarms the alpha. «Since when?» The irritability starts to affect Wanyin and staying calm begins to be difficult. «The day after you left! And he did nothing to ease his sexual impulses!»That new information makes the Emperor shiver. He didn’t…? Could it be that Lan Xichen sustained his heat for almost a week without ever giving in to his instincts or satisfying them in any way? It is hard to believe for Wanyin, even less so because he has lived with his brother his whole life and since Wei Wuxian had his first heat, Wanyin has known very well how terrible it could be for omegas not to be able or not knowing how to help themselves. The memory of Wei Wuxian’s first heat still gives Wanyin the chills. That time his brother seemed about to lose his mind, still too young to know what to do and with no other omegas beside him to explain him what was going on. If Yanli hadn't been with them, and Fengmian with her, Wanyin isn’t sure how the whole thing would have ended… Of course, among the closest family members it is possible for a fully grown alpha to resist an omega’s scent, but that was the first time Wanyin smelled a scent so strong and penetrating that it made his head spin. Wei Wuxian, with his clothes ripped off because of the desperation he was feeling and his body shaken by shivers and desire, was frightening and confusingly tempting at the same time, like a horrifying thought, tempting and seductive but still very wrong. Since that time, they both learned what to do in those moments. Wanyin got used to that scent like any other well–educated alpha born in a family where there are omegas as well. On the other hand, Wei Wuxian learned how to take care of himself during those days. But the Emperor had never imagined that it could be possible for an omega to experience heats the way Lan Xichen is doing and now he can understand why he feels so agitated. «If you let me go instead of going yourself, as I suggested, all this would never have happened!» To Wei Wuxian’s accusations, Jiang Wanyin makes an impatient, enraged noise very similar to a growl. Not that the omega is impressed, anyway: he has known his brother's temperament as an alpha since forever now, he's not scared by it anymore. «I didn't know this would happen! How could I ever imagined that the heat would struck right now?!»«One more reason to stay at the Palace!»«As the Emperor, it's my duty–»«As an alpha, it's your duty to be with the omega you decided to bond with! You went to Gusu, you basically forced him to marry you and now? What are you going to do with him? Leave him all by his lonesome and pretend he doesn't exist?»Not even the rain can muffle the rage with which Wei Wuxian is speaking now. Jiang Wanyin clenches his jaw, almost trying to grab his brother while they are still riding. Does he think Wanyin doesn't know it?! That he is not aware of the responsibilities that marking an omega involves? He was educated by one of the best families of the whole cultivation world, for gods’ sake! He didn't do that on purpose, he didn't want to cause suffering for Lan Xichen! «Enough now! Not another word! It's useless to talk with you when you're like this!»«Easy for you to say it! You are not the one who stayed with Lan Xichen during those days! You didn't hear him cry desperately, days and nights! He's losing his mind! And I am losing it too!»More than his brother’s words, it’s the scent Wei Wuxian is releasing now that hits Wanyin. Mingled with the rain, it makes his stomach drop and the alpha feels nauseated as he never was. Wei Wuxian has never repulsed anyone in a more violent way and the fact that it is directed to his own brother makes it what bothers Wanyin the most. All the frustration and the guilt morph in absolute fury and Wanyin spurs his horse violently so that it’ll speed his pace and make it to the Palace sooner. When the well-known building finally appears before his eyes, Wanyin gets off the saddle without worrying about where Wei Wuxian is and rushes to the inside of the Palace, his steps echoing on the wooden piers with a rapid, erratic pace. He doesn’t even get to the bedroom before Lan Xichen comes rushing out of it and toward him, stumbling with unnatural ungracefulness, getting wet because of the rain still falling on Yunmeng. «Jiang Wanyin...» he mutters, but the Emperor is still too far from him to be able to hear that and Lan Xichen is too weak to keep going forward. He falls on his knees, making the alpha startle and Lan Wangji with him, as he’d followed his brother out of the chamber once he’d seen the omega sprint out. «Lan Xichen!» Wanyin yells, finally reaching for him and holding him in his arms. Xichen throws his arms around the alpha’s neck shamelessly, strongly pushing his body against Wanyin’s and kissing the first piece of skin he can find.«Please… I beg… you...» he murmurs with so much desperation and desire that it makes Wanyin startle. The Emperor can feel his own body reacting to a scent and a need that arousing and he must use all the self–control he has to stay lucid and not to give in to the instincts and take him right there, violently, in front of everyone. But Wanyin knows that he’s much more than his instincts, than his alpha nature. It’s probably the most important thing his father has taught him. He knows how to control himself. «You fool...» he says with unexpected fondness in his voice, something warm that tightens his chest and has nothing to do with Xichen’s body temperature. «Why did you stubbornly endure this much, without taking care of yourself? What kind of masochist omega am I dealing with?»He knows that Xichen is in too much pain to understand his words, that all he can feel right now is Wanyin body against his own, but the alpha can’t help himself and caresses Xichen’s neck gently before lifting him up. Xichen clings to him, his legs tightening strongly against Wanyin’s waist, in an automatic gesture that surprises the Emperor. «Please… Do whatever you want to me, I don't care… just… I'm begging you…»The way Xichen is begging him hurts Wanyin. Holding him tight, the alpha walks toward their chamber as fast as he can so that they can be alone. He doesn’t see the serious, cold look Lan Wangji is giving him as Wanyin walks past him. He orders everyone not to come him, before closing the door behind them and finally laying his omega on the bed. «You don’t have to beg me, Xichen. It’s alright. I’ll take care of you, I’ll do whatever you want.»Xichen lets a wrecked sigh leave his mouth, arching his back and hips. His body is almost naked – only a thin cloth is barely covering it now. «You did good, everything is alright now. I’m back, I’m here just for you,» Wanyin keeps reassuring him, his hands caressing that body and freeing it from the useless piece of cotton still trapping it. He’s truly ready to do everything his omega will ask him: he has never felt so devoted to another person as he feels right now. Pleasure fills Xichen’s face when Wanyin begins to touch him and the Emperor keeps murmuring reassuring, sweet words as he follows the movements of that warm body under his touch. Now Wanyin knows he’s strong enough to never completely lose control and he’s grateful for that – this night and all the time that will come after will belong only to Xichen. 

*** Wei Wuxian loves bragging about himself and his abilities. He loves that adoring look in his Sect disciples’ eyes when he shows them what he can do and he loves even more the fact that he's actually able to achieve higher levels in what has always been his Sect rule: attempt to the impossible. Sure, not even Wei Wuxian can do everything at his first try and he has trained hard to be where he's now and master his talents so well. And yet every time he makes a show of his abilities it seems that those are just born with him and that everything is simply possible for him. One thing among the others Wei Wuxian is particularly proud of is his intuition. Being that something inborn or part of his omega nature, Wei Wuxian’s intuition is hardly wrong, for the better or the worse. If he has a hunch, if he  feels  that something is about to happen then it usually does. After all, Wei Wuxian  knew  that Emperor Fengmian and his wife were walking into an ambush during the first great battle against the Wens. Back there he was too slow and arrived too late – something he will always blame himself for. And he will not be the only one to do that. This time, too, his intuition hits its mark so precisely that it makes Wei Wuxian smile proudly. He can see it the moment Lan Xichen comes toward him, his usual elegant pace and his face a little flushed, greeting him with a gentle nod.Things between the omega and Jiang Wanyin seem to have become better since Xichen’s heat. Now Wei Wuxian notices some sort of complicity between them made of small, maybe unaware acts, things the two mates do for one another. To everyone who’s watching them, they seem about to actually fall in love. Wei Wuxian had almost lost all hope they ever would, even more so after he saw Lan Xichen’s desperation during his heat, but now he finds himself having to change his mind and hope things will only get better with time. And if his hunch is right again – as he thinks it is – things  will  get better soon enough. «Good–morning,» Lan Xichen greets him when he’s right in front of the other omega.«Good–morning to you,» Wei Wuxian smiles, bowing his head. He has to admit that things between them have changed too in these last weeks. A couple of days after recovering from his heat, Xichen had wanted to talk to him alone: he had sincerely thanked Wei Wuxian for all the help the omega had given him, for his patience and the commitment with which he had stayed beside Xichen during those difficult days. Then Lan Xichen had apologized, ashamed for his behavior. He had been irresponsible, lascivious, moody and mean, ordering him to leave the chamber despite the fact that Wei Wuxian just wanted to help him. The Emperor’s right hand had stopped those words before Xichen had had a chance to finish, reassuring him that there wasn’t anything to apologize for, that he could understand the situation Xichen had been in. Wei Wuxian was just grateful that in the end everything had turned out okay.Since then, a link was born between them, a sort of complicity that is different from the one Lan Xichen has with Wanyin now, that’s based on shared experiences. Something that they both missed and that they are grateful for. «There’s a thing I would like to ask you,» Lan Xichen hesitates, starting to walk beside Wei Wuxian. «You are the only one I can ask about it.»The young cultivator can see through the other omega’s embarrassment and he smiles: he most certainly knows why, but he wants to wait for Xichen to explain himself. Besides, it’s so strange to see Xichen not in control of everything around him: Wei Wuxian is really curious to see how he will handle this thing now that he seems to be in difficulty.  «You can ask me anything,» he encourages the omega, smiling at him with his usual charm.Xichen doesn’t speak for a few moments, looking right in front of him. Then he sighs.«In Cloud Recesses we are educated to be independent and self–sufficient, good at everything. No matter what our nature is, they teach us how to be skilled in the six arts as well as the simplest domestic things. Wangji has always been an excellent cooker, for example. More than once I had the pleasure of tasting his meals and he has never let me down.»Wei Wuxian finds himself surprised by the turn that conversation has taken, but that’s exactly the reason why his curiosity is stronger than ever. So he decides to play the game at his best and see what the other has in mind. «Me, on the other hand… I have to shamefully confess that I’ve never mastered the culinary art as well as my brother, no matter how many times I tried and how much Wangji advised me. In the end, I dedicated myself to improving other skills. Anyways… a few days ago I heard some servants talking about a special plate Jiang Yanli used to cook and how Jiang Wanyin and you loved it and...»Lan Xichen stops his talking. Next to him, Wei Wuxian is not looking at him anymore. Seeing his face, a bit pale now, is enough for Xichen to understand that he went too far.«I am sorry. I was indelicate, I shouldn’t have talked about such a delicate matter… I sincerely apologize – please pretend I didn’t say anything,» Xichen immediately apologizes, bowing his head and staying put for several moments. Only when he feels Wei Wuxian’s cold hand caressing his face, with an intimate and kind gesture, he opens his eyes and stands tall again, looking into Wei Wuxian eyes, now veiled by tears. «There’s no need to apologize. Everything is fine. The memories…  took me  by surprise. I remember the dish you heard of as if I ate it yesterday. To think that it was more than a year ago that shijie… that she…»Wei Wuxian shakes his head: he will never forget the pain that being alive in a world in where his sister isn’t causes him day after day. It hasn’t gotten easier over time – it will never get easier. What will get better will be Wei Wuxian’s ability to pretend that he isn’t still suffering as the moment he found out about her death. That’s all«I don’t need to explain you what it means, do I…?» Wei Wuxian says, knowing that Lan Xichen can understand his pain. The omega nods, with the saddest smile on his lips.«Does my brother ever talk to you about her?»The question is sudden: Wei Wuxian himself hadn’t known he’d wanted to ask it until the words left his mouth. He doesn’t regret it though, even if this has nothing to do with Lan Xichen’s initial request.Xichen simply shakes his head and starts walking again, followed by the young cultivator.«I’ve never dared to ask about it, respecting his pain. And he never mentioned anything about her. We’re respectful of each other’s silences and try not to talk about things that could embarrass us or cause us pain,» he says.Wei Wuxian nods. He’d imagined things could be that way, even if he thinks that to keeping silent is the stupidest thing to do in order to deal with that kind of pain. Xichen and Jiang Cheng could benefit from the way they both know the kind of pain they are dealing with. They could comfort each other and find some peace in the shared memories about two important people they will never have the chance to introduce to the other. That silence feeds a sort of pain that, if shared, would instead be reduced.«Do you want me to show you my shijie’s recipe?» Wei Wuxian asks, looking at Lan Xichen again.It takes the omega a few more moments moments to answer, as if he needed to think it over, but then he nods, cracking a smile. Wei Wuxian smiles back immediately. Without thinking about it but letting the emotions drive him, Wei Wuxian takes Lan Xichen by the sleeve of his clothing, quickening their steps and heading to the chamber that once belonged to his sister. He spends a lot of time in there: whenever something bothers him, or he needs some advice, or he just wants to find a shred of peace by himself, Wei Wuxian seeks shelter there. He pretends that chamber can still hold his sister’s scent after all that time and just sits there on the floor, beside her bed, talking as if she was still there, her hand caressing his hair fondly and her smile always ready to welcome his little brother with love, no matter what happened this time. This is the first time Wei Wuxian lets in there someone who’s not the two servants that are in charge of dusting and making sure that everything is in order. Lan Xichen can easily see the tension suddenly stiffen Wei Wuxian’s body and pays attention to his next moves, ready to do something if the omega turns out to be in need. Wei Wuxian firmly moves toward a small bookcase, instead, where several binded notebooks are lined up, gracefully in order. He pulls out one of them from the shelf, careful not to make anything fall and then goes back to Lan Xichen, shooting one last look to the furniture as if he was greeting an old friend he just met after a long time. «Shijie used to write all the recipes she experimented on her notebooks. She liked to try to cook new things when her mother didn’t scold her because that was a servant’s work... ah...» Realizing he’s just been rude to Madam Yu, Wei Wuxian hits his mouth a couple of times, gesturing an apology to her memory. Then he sits on the ground and opens the notebook on his legs, turning each page carefully. Lan Xichen follows each of his movements, bent down in the most appropriate position, and patiently waits for the cultivator to get to the right page. From time to time Wei Wuxian stops for a few moments more on a specific page and Xichen can sense a memory must be linked to those very lines he’s reading. He recognizes that look because it’s the same he’s had on every time he’s had the strength to enter Mingjue’s chamber, where – by Huaisang’s order – everything has remained exactly as it was the day the Emperor died. «Oh, there it is!» Wei Wuxian shouts, victoriously smiling and handing him the notebook opened on the page of the recipe they were looking for. It says: “lotus root and rib soup”.Xichen has never been so careful in touching something as he is now that he takes the notebook in his hands and reads what it says about the preparation of that dish. From each word, he can sense the attention and care Jiang Yanli put into writing down the ingredients and the procedure. Xichen can feel the love she infused that recipe with.«From what I’m seeing, it doesn’t look too difficult... Jiang Yanli wrote everything in such detail that even someone with no experience like me could probably prepare this dish decently enough,» Xichen says, somehow reassured but still a bit nervous about what he wants to do.«I’m not surprised! Shijie could make even the most difficult things easy and enjoyable!» Wei Wuxian exclaims enthusiastically. «Now you have to tell me why you decided to do this, though,» he adds, offering Lan Xichen a hand. The omega pulls himself up, though, so gracefully that it makes Wei Wuxian a bit jealous.For a few moments, the two omegas stare at each other without saying anything. Xichen sees the awareness in the eyes of the younger cultivator and he immediately knows Wei Wuxian found out his intentions before he could even confess. Xichen blushes, taken by surprise, and smiles, embarrassed.«Wei Gongzi read my mind, what else can I say?»The smile on Wei Wuxian’s face widens so much that it hurts but the omega doesn’t mind it. «You really are with child!» he yells, happy, and regardless of any etiquette, he hugs Lan Xichen tightly and fondly.The omega isn’t actually surprised by that reaction and even if he’s confused for a moment he hugs Wei Wuxian back almost immediately, happy that the news has made his brother–in–law so happy. «Are you going to tell Jiang Cheng after preparing the lotus soup?» Wei Wuxian asks, after letting him go. There’s some kind of enthusiasm in his eyes that Lan Xichen never saw before and that moves him, but the question makes him panic a bit.«I’m aware that it is a silly thing to do. After all… this marriage is nothing more than a political alliance. Wanyin and I made a contract, we committed to fight a war together, nothing more. And most certainly it’s the hormones influencing me, since I believe we will do nothing more than spending the rest of our lives together, but I wish… I wish that at least this moment… could be... »Suddenly Lan Xichen feels sad and he can barely stop the tears from streaming down his face, making his voice crack and him feel even more embarrassed. But he knows by now that there’s nothing he can hide from Wei Wuxian. The younger one comes closer to Xichen, kindly squeezing his shoulder and caressing his face so that the omega raises his head and looks him in the eyes.«I think it’s something beautiful. I think that you deserve to be happy and that even if this marriage started as a political alliance it could become so much more. I think that Jiang Cheng will be really happy to hear the news.»Lan Xichen refrains from asking if Wei Wuxian really believes what he just said: he doesn’t want to make a fool of himself and offend the other omega. He wants to believe those words, just for once, even if in the end it could be nothing but a sad illusion. Xichen is really trying to move on this time and find joy in what at first seemed to be a self-inflicted sentence.«You’ve changed,» Wei Wuxian points out with a new smile, heading out of the chamber with him and carefully closing the doors behind them.Lan Xichen knows that. He’s realized it when he recovered from the heat. He realized that even if Mingjue’s loss will always hurt him and leave a hole in his heart, Jiang Wanyin’s presence doesn’t have to necessarily fill that void. To ask him to do that would actually be unfair, because Wanyin is finding his own place in Xichen’s heart, one care after the other, one naive act of affection after the other, without undermining any of Mingjue’s memories or the love Xichen will always feel for him. Jiang Wanyin, being the most beautiful person in the most fragile moment for an omega, left something in Xichen’s heart, a warm mark that doesn’t seem to stop making him feel good, just a bit.«I have changed,» he says out loud, smiling.«You’re falling in love with him.»This time the omega can’t stop himself from wincing. Maybe those words are too big, too deep and heavy for him to accept, even if he’s allowed Jiang Wanyin to be a part of his life. Xichen is not ready to admit that what he’s feeling is something more than simple affection. Not yet. «I’m grateful to him. I saw something in him I didn’t think I could find in a person who always seems so cold and violent. He took care of me in a moment when it would have been a lot easier to give in to the instincts and hurt me, in a moment when nothing could have saved me from anything he decided to do. Wanyin showed me a kind of affection I wasn’t sure he could show. I am grateful for this and I want to do something for him in change. I want him to knows that it’s the same for me. That’s all.»For now, Wei Wuxian finds himself thinking while listening to those words, this is enough. That confession is enough. Everything else will follow.



part 4




These days, the war with the Wens seems to be deadlocked. Both the armies wait for the other to take action, but neither of them is actually able to do so. Yunmeng’s victory and the recovery of the Outlook Tower in the Lanling territory was a heavy blow to take for the Wens, heavier than one could initially imagine. Even if the Jin Empire doesn't have a strong leader in charge since the murder of Jin Zixuan, and the regency was given to Jin Guangyao until Jin Ling will come of age, now that the relationship between Yunmeng and Lanling was established again, the risk for the old powerful alliance to come back is high. Moreover, the Wens couldn't underestimate how reconquering part of its territory could boost Jins’ pugnacity. 

Jiang Wanyin doesn't mind the truce: there's far too much excitement at the Yunmeng Palace. The correspondence between Jin Guangyao and him is daily now and even if the Jiang Emperor didn't convince the regent to make an official alliance again, he is certain to be on the right path to get there. Heavens know how much they need to join their forces if they want to put an end to the war once and for all. Gusu, on the other hand, has proven to be indispensable: until this moment several sparks of war were kept at bay only thanks to the strict discipline and the noble art cultivated by the Lan Sect. Wanyin has never been so certain that the Wens and their violence will be nothing but a bad memory soon enough. 

Seeing all those new possibilities right in front of him makes the Emperor enthusiastic like he hasn't been in a long time and anyone at the Palace can see how his mood has improved compared to how he was before leaving for Lanling. All Yunmeng seems to be more colorful these days and the lotus flowers, in the middle of their summer blooming, seem to shine with their own light, strengthened by the new prospect of peace for all the cultivation world. 

Maybe it's also because of this that Jiang Wanyin doesn't say anything when Lan Xichen proposes to have a banquet in the outer room of the Palace, inviting the disciples and all the members of the imperial family. The Emperor watches his spouse make all the arrangements for that event with curiosity, without stepping in and admiring Xichen from a distance, noting the simplicity with which the omega navigates among the different tasks, keeping his composure and making sure to listen to everything that’s said to him. Wanyin is proud of him, of the authority Xichen is showing and of the way they all respect him. 

«In the end, he was the right choice, don’t you think?»

His brother’s words don’t surprise Wanyin: he’d heard Wei Wuxian arrive behind him and now he can see him leaning on the railing of the pier from which they’re watching the scene. Wei Wuxian has a big smile on his face – Wanyin smiles back at him, then he looks again at Lan Xichen.

«I think he’s one of the most competent people I have ever met. The best ally we could have,» the Emperor agrees. He 

is 

proud of Xichen.

When he hears Wei Wuxian snort, Wanyin forgets what he’s watching to look at his brother’s face.

«Can you just stop thinking about alliances for like 

one second

, for a change?!» he hears Wei Wuxian complain, crossing his arms, vexed. «Lan Xichen is more than just that!»

Wanyin looks away, riled and nervous because of that assumption. 

«What are you talking about?» he asks rudely. «Our marriage is just a political contract, stop embellishing things like a little girl!»

Before Wei Wuxian can add anything, the Emperor leaves the pier speeding up his pace so that he doesn’t have to talk with his brother anymore. Wanyin can’t tell why he’s so shaken about it: his brother did worse things than implying that there’s something romantic between Lan Xichen and him, and yet just thinking about the possibility of feeling something for the omega makes Wanyin more nervous than he’s ready to admit.

What's the point of falling in love with him? Why should he be so stupid as to start caring about Xichen? As if the omega could actually love him back! As if he didn’t feel constricted in that marriage, and didn’t resent him for Nie Mingjue’s death. Wei Wuxian is really stupid if he thinks that a couple of months spent together could change somebody’s heart that much. And Wanyin would be even more stupid to hope that something like that could actually happen. 

«Can I help you with something?» the Emperor asks Xichen now that he’s next to the omega. 

Lan Xichen smiles at him so brightly that Wanyin can’t catch his breath. There’s something different with him, he can see that even if he doesn’t know what it is. Even the scent now filling the air around them his sweeter than the usual.

«Everything is alright, don’t worry. We are almost ready,» Xichen reassures him before turning to look over the servants preparing the last things. 

In the end, there won’t be too many guests: the imperial family isn’t a large one and the Sect disciples are the majority of the people invited to the banquet. Xichen is fine with it, though. A more intimate atmosphere is the most appropriate one for the news he’s about to share. When everything is ready, the doors of the outer room of the Palace are opened, accompanied by the solemn sound of a 

dizi

 played by Wei Wuxian that welcomes the guests. Everyone greets the imperial couple and takes a seat.

«You really did an exceptional job with this banquet tonight, Wanyin,» his grandmother compliments him. The old woman had managed to get to Yunmeng with the help of a young nephew, and hugs his grandson fondly. 

«I’m not the one you should praise, grandma. It’s my mate here. Lan Xichen did everything by himself,» the Emperor points out as the omega greets the woman with a deep bow. 

«Ah, I’m not surprised – your reputation precedes you, 

Zewu–jun

,» she adds, looking around. «It’s really a shame that the circumstances forced you to be just a regale consort: you would make a splendid Emperor in Gusu.»

There’s no actual malice in the woman’s voice, nor in her words. She is really just saying that a cultivator as Lan Xichen, who excels in every art and is respected by everyone despite being so young, deserved to be an Emperor instead of a simple consort. But Wanyin can’t stop himself from clenching his fists, embarrassed by that statement. The fact that his grandmother doesn’t add anything else makes her words even more serious. Lan Xichen smiles, though. One more time he shows his beautiful smile, and one more time Wanyin is surprised to see him so happy. 

«I’m honored by your words. But I think that I am exactly where I’m supposed to be. And I take pride in the position I have here,» he says spontaneously, taking another bow in the direction of the woman. She smiles back at him, taken by surprise by that sincere answer, and exchanges a few more words before leaving. 

Wanyin stares at his mate for several moments without knowing what to say. He watches him, as Xichen gracefully greets the next guests coming to pay their respect, and Wei Wuxian’s words come back to his mind to torment him, so fitting now that the alpha doesn’t know how to not to think about them. Is he falling for Xichen? And could Lan Xichen reciprocate his feelings?  It all seems so stupid and yet Wanyin can’t stop thinking about it. 

He can’t avert his eyes from Lan Xichen, aware of his every move and slight change. Not even when they are all sitting and Xichen and him are thanking everyone for coming at this banquet. Even when the Emperor explains how this is a celebration, a moment of joy for the past victories and the hope that the war will soon be over and Yunmeng will prosper again.

Wanyin is toree away from those confused thoughts once the dinner is served. The smell coming from the big pots introduced in the room takes his breath away as if he had just been punched in the stomach. Wanyin’s whole body freezes, as if the alpha was suddenly in danger: too many emotions and memories fill him violently, hurting him in a way he didn’t think they could still do. Wanyin instinctively looks at Wei Wuxian first and then Xichen, finding that both the omegas are looking back at him. He stands up angrily and only at that moment all the guests and the servants realize that something is nor right.

«What the hell is going on here?» Wanyin yells, barely able to stop his body from shaking.

«Jiang Wanyin, please, there’s no need to be upset...» Lan Xichen tries to calm him down, getting up as well, but those words only make the Emperor even angrier as he turns to the omega with a face marked by rage.

«You're the one who did this?!» he asks, taking a step back when his spouse tries to caress his shoulder to reassure him. 

«It seemed appropriate for this night's joyful event, even more since there's something that I need to–»

His words are interrupted by Wanyin fury. The Emperor isn't actually listening to him. 

«How did you do that? Where did you find the recipe?!» he yells, out of his mind. 

«I helped him,» Wei Wuxian immediately steps into the conversation, standing up as well. Now the two omegas are standing by either of the Emperor's sides. The situation could not be worse: Wanyin feels like he's surrounded by traitors. 

«How could you? Sharing something so intimate with a stranger! Something that belonged to Jiejie!»

Before Wei Wuxian can answer that accusation, it's Lan Xichen the one who takes action. 

«My respectable guests,» he says, talking to the people in the room, «I hope you can forgive this unexpected turn of events and my unkind behavior, but I must retire. Personal reasons forbid me to enjoy your delightful presence tonight. Your dinner will be immediately served and I hope it will be to your liking, as much as the rest of this banquet. If you want to excuse me.» 

Xichen takes the most polite bow and leaves the room, his pace is steady and controlled. 

Wanyin watches him go and feels like his anger and pain were frozen by the omega's sudden escape. Should he follow Xichen? Should he order him to come back and carry on the banquet he organized? Wanyin can't do anything. 

Clearing his throat, he sits again, under the guests' shocked looks and Wei Wuxian's furious one. The omega sits back at his place and gets close enough to his brother that he can speak without being heard by anyone else.

«Don't you want to do something about this?» he asks. The Emperor waves that question away with a rude gesture of his hand, bothered by it, and smiles at the guests as if nothing happened. At that moment dinner is served. 

Wei Wuxian swallows a big sip of liquor and then stands up again. 

«If that's the case...» he says and after that he leaves the banquet. 

Jiang Wanyin clenches his fists, Zidian on his finger twitches with a few purple sparkles, reacting to his master's rage, ready to whip at his command. And the Emperor would gladly whip his brother right now if he didn't have guests to attend to and the situation wasn't already so embarrassing as it was. His mate and his right hand have just left his celebratory banquet: Wanyin has never felt so ashamed.
 
«I knew I would find you here.»

Lan Xichen doesn’t turn when he hears Wei Wuxian’s voice behind him. Sitting under the small wooden gazebo at the end of the pier, the omega lets the warm and strong wind of that summer night caress him and looks at the lotus leaves on the pond, shaken by the whiffles. If he said he hadn’t hoped to hear Wanyin’s voice instead of his brother’s, Xichen would lie, but he manages not to show any of those feelings on his serious face.  

«If I had known he would react this way...»

«You don’t need to be sorry, nor worried, Wei Gongzi,» Xichen stops him, without smiling – he knows he should, but he can’t bring himself to curl the corners of his lips upwards. He doesn’t have the heart to do so. «What the Emperor does it’s his responsibility and his only.»

Wei Wuxian nods, but his face darkens as he sits next to Lan Xichen. He wishes he could comfort him somehow, but at the same time, Wei Wuxian doesn’t want to be rude or make Xichen think that he’s pitying him. The omega is also so mad with that idiot Jiang Cheng that he simply doesn’t know what to say.

«Jiang Cheng didn’t mean to treat you like that. He… always says the wrong thing when he’s overwhelmed. He’s always been like that. Shijie is… a really painful memory… Not that this justifies his behavior!» he says, vehemently.

Lan Xichen is only partly listening to him. Right now, he doesn’t care about why Jiang Wanyin reacted the way he did. That’s not the point. 

«It’s fine, anyways. I just hope I didn’t ruin our guests’ evening,» he murmurs, with no strength left to add anything else. For some reason, that irritates Wei Wuxian even more.

«Who cares about the guests! You should have responded to Jiang Cheng the way he deserved for calling you a stranger!»  Wei Wuxian bursts out, standing up and placing himself right in front of Lan Xichen. Only then does the omega realize that a few silent tears are streaming down Xichen’s unusually pale face. Wei Wuxian feels like his heart was suddenly closed in a painful grip. 

«Why would I? If that’s what he thinks, then he should say it freely. I won’t certainly force him to change his mind. After all, this marriage has never needed any other feelings except for the common intent to defeat the Wens.»

Wei Wuxian takes Lan Xichen by his shoulders by instinct, pulling him up and shaking him. 

«What are you talking about?! Are you going to keep lying, too? If you actually meant what you just said, you wouldn’t have done all of this just to give him the news!»

Lan Xichen sighs and frees himself from Wei Wuxian’s grip with too much grace, moving a few steps forward and pretending to be interested in the ripples the wind is drawing on the surface of the water. Actually, he would like to be alone and doesn’t have the strength to carry on that conversation now. He’s disappointed and wounded by the way Wanyin talked to him, by the rage he saw on his face and even more by the fact that he still is a stranger to the Emperor. Xichen blames himself for hoping there could be something more – he feels so stupid right now. A lantern that thought it could fly high in the sky but whose flame suddenly extinguished, making it fall in the waters.

«Why am I not surprised to find you here together?» 

Wanyin’s voice surprises both the omegas. Wei Wuxian moves a few steps toward him, ready to unleash all the anger he’s feeling. Lan Xichen doesn’t turn: he doesn’t know how to deal with Wanyin and he needs a few more seconds to recollect himself. 

«Do you have any idea how embarrassed you made me feel back there?» the Emperor keeps saying, now under the gazebo with them.

«I will apologize again with our guests as soon as possible, Emperor Jiang.» 

Lan Xichen’s words are cold and formal, as the cultivator has never been, not even when Jiang Wanyin came to Gusu for the first time asking for that alliance. It vexes the Emperor.

«What does it matter now? At this point, the banquet is almost over – if you come back now you will just cause me more embarrassment.»

«That is the last thing I want to do, my liege.»

Now Jiang Wanyin is certain that his omega is mocking him and can’t tolerate his falsely educated façade one more time. 

«How dare you?!» he yells, closing the distance between them so that he can see Lan Xichen in the eyes. The dead serious look in the omega’s eyes makes his anger rise. «You organize a banquet like this, you 

steal

 one of my sister’s recipe, you leave our guests before the celebrations have even started and now you feel entitled to hold such an insolent behavior?!» 

Xichen responds to those accusations with the saddest smile Wanyin and Wei Wuxian have ever seen. 

«I wanted it to be a special occasion. I wanted to give you joyful news in a moment so difficult for our empires. But there is no space for anything but rage and resentment in your heart. I would never dare to steal something that precious from you: do not forget that I experienced the same pain you did. But you are right: I am a stranger and this is just an alliance. Rejoice, my Emperor, for it has just become stronger. I’m with a child.» 

Xichen’s voice is solemn, the words calculated as if it was a speech declaimed in front of a crowd. The omega has never been so authoritative as he is right now, almost as if the suffering and the pregnancy had raised him up to a level Wanyin and Wei Wuxian would never reach.

«I– I had no idea that you–,» Wanyin finds himself stuttering, overwhelmed with so many emotions that it almost seems like he couldn’t feel anything anymore.

«You couldn’t, my liege, since you didn’t give me the chance to talk to you about it. Now, if you'll excuse me.»

The omega can’t wait any longer and passes the Emperor standing silhouette without giving him the chance to say anything else. His steps are steady and almost solemn, but once he’s far enough Xichen brings both of his hands on his belly, bending forward and letting go of the first sobs. What he’s feeling is a new kind of pain, different from any other suffering he has ever experienced. Xichen doesn’t know if he will be able to bear it. Mingjue’s absence still keeps weighing on his chest. 
 
Since that night, the atmosphere in the Palace had changed. The happy news Lan Xichen had given was welcomed with great enthusiasm by the Jiang Sect and yet they could only speak about it under their breaths, when the imperial family was not there. No one knew exactly why they had to be so cautious about it, but the first time a disciple had tried to congratulate the Emperor for his soon to be born first child, he had risked to be whipped by his Zidian on the stand. After that, no one had dared to rouse the Emperor's anger by talking about that matter. 

Lan Xichen hadn’t reacted with the same rage when he’d surprised a couple of disciples curiously wondering about the nature of the next Jiang leader, but his face turning pale had been enough not to make them speak about it in his presence ever again. Lan Xichen never tried to make things right with Wanyin. All of Wanyin’s messy attempts to start a conversation about the matter ended as soon as they started, and Xichen didn’t want to help him, even if what the alpha was trying to do was pretty clear.

Xichen is forcing himself not to feel anything. Day after day, he disregards his own feelings a little more. Wanyin’s reject doesn't bother him, e almost doesn't feel pain anymore and even Mingjue’s absence has become nothing more than background noise, something Xichen can ignore if he tries hard enough. 

The way his body is starting to change is the only thing that matters. Despite everything, Xichen is experiencing the most profound and selfless kind of love, the most complete and devastating affection. Lan Xichen is aware that the only thing that is keeping him going is that little creature growing inside of him. It's his only link with reality. 

Wangji visits him often. They don't talk much: the older doesn't have the strength to do it, the younger simply respects his silence. They both know how to benefit from the reciprocal presence, as they always have, and that gives Xichen a little peace, almost leading him to believe that things can go back to how they used to be.

Sometimes Wei Wuxian joins them. Staying silent is more difficult for him though, and so those hours are filled with many silly stories told one after the other by Wei Wuxian’s enthusiastic voice, briefly commented by a few generous words from Xichen and listened to by Wangji, whose silence is so persistent that Wei Wuxian can't stop himself from joking about it, mocking the alpha every time he can. 

Those are the rare occasions when Xichen can relax and allow himself to think that not everything is lost yet, the rare occasions in which he finds he’s still able to hope. But those moments get swallowed by the sharper and tenser silence of the nights spent with Wanyin. They don't speak to each other, don't touch each other, they barely look at each other. Closed in their own resentment and pain, they stubbornly keep hurting each other. Sometimes, when Wanyin thinks that Lan Xichen is sleeping, he inches closer to him, to observe him, and reaches out with a hand, almost touching him. Then he murmurs some apology, going back to his side of the bed. Sometimes, when Lan Xichen wakes up and finds Wanyin getting dressed, ready for another day of training, he wishes he could get up, hug him and say that he doesn't hate him anymore, that he's tired, that he just wants to learn how to love him. 

But Wanyin is too cowardly. 

And Xichen too scared.

Understanding that he didn’t really detach himself from his feelings toward Wanyin hits Xichen hard, violently. It’s almost random, two days after the Emperor left Yunmeng to pay a visit to Lanling’s regent. It hits him even before news about what has happened come in.

The omega is resting, his feet into the pond water made warmer by the late summer sun, a hand on his belly already a bit bigger. It’s the first moment he feels relaxed since the Emperor has left the Palace: there’s unusual turmoil those days, it seems as if they reached some sort of breaking point despite the truce. Xichen doesn’t know what he feels first, if the pain or the sense of danger, so strong that it almost breaks him apart. He probably feels both at the same time and crumbles on his side, muffling a cry. 

The shock is so intense that for several moments Xichen doesn’t know how to react and everything disappears as if he lost every contact with reality. The only thing he knows is that it’s about Wanyin. That something happened to him and as he tightens his arms around his belly nothing makes sense anymore. This is not happening, not again. It can’t happen again. He can’t lose him too. He just can’t. 


«–eathe, everything will be alright if– please, don’t d– Xichen!»


Xichen widens his eyes and catches his breath as if he’d just gone underwater for the longest time. His eyes take time to focus on what is standing in front of him and when the omega finally recognizes Wei Wuxian’s worried face he grabs him strongly, trying to sit up.  

«The baby?» he hears the other omega say alarmed.

«Wanyin–» replies with a choked voice. «Something happened to him– go–!»

Wei Wuxian stares at him for a few more moments before he manages to actually understand how serious what Xichen has just said is; then he clumsily runs away. Xichen just sits there, barely able to keep his body upright, as if time had suddenly been frozen and had no way of going on. He stares at Wei Wuxian going away but doesn’t actually see him. A voiceless pain now beats where there was his heart. The awareness of being about to lose everything again without being able to say to Wanyin what he truly feels.
 
It’s almost dawn when Wei Wuxian comes back to the Palace. His steps are rushed, his face is pale even under the few lights of the night. Behind him, there are several armored cultivators. Beside him the Emperor. Limping and even paler than his brother, he has a hand pressed on his left side and a pained, angered expression of his face. 

Lan Xichen had been waiting in the throne room. He hadn’t said a word, hadn’t eaten, hadn’t evened moved. Time hadn’t passed for him, nothing had changed since he’d felt Wanyin being hurt. He’d barely been aware of himself.

When he sees the brothers coming, something clicks. Xichen stands up so quickly that he feels lightheaded. His eyes open wide as he looks at the scene in front of him for a few moments, as if he wanted to impress it in is mind to make sure that it is happening. Only when he moves a few steps in their direction does Xichen become aware of what he’s doing, of his silly behavior. So he stops, trying to recollect himself, and starts walking straight, keeping control. Despite his omega instinct telling him to reach his alpha and make sure he’s okay, Xichen knows he’s more than that, and that he owes himself a most dignified behavior. 

«We shouldn't have left him there! He's just a child!» Wei Wuxian is angrily telling his brother.

«He's the next Emperor in Lanling,» Wanyin replies, with the voice of someone who repeated that same thing more than once.

«He's our nephew, shijie's son! His safety is our responsibility!»

«He's safe there! Our best cultivators are at Lanling’s imperial Palace now, Gusu sent one more platoon to surveil the area and the Jin Sect won't be taken by surprise again!»

«He would be safer with ous! How can you trust that Jin Guangyao this much?»

The Emperor, now just a few steps away from Xichen and the throne, turns jerkily to his brother and without even feeling the pain grabs him by his neck with his free hand, making Wei Wuxian take several steps back until the omega’s back hits a wooden beam violently. 

«Do you think I don’t want to protect my nephew? Do you think I’m not angered because of what happened? They tried to kill him, to kill both of us! Do you think I don’t want to fucking kill every single Wen dog still breathing on this earth? But I couldn’t bring him here with us!»

Wei Wuxian doesn’t take his eyes off his brother, even now that he’s clearly in danger. His breathing is shallow and he wishes he could say something back, but he doesn’t know what. Truth is that Wei Wuxian is furious at the Wens as much as his brother is, and he wishes they could have done more than just retreating and delegating the protection of someone he cares about to others. Jin Ling is the only thing that still connects his sister to the mortal world, losing him would be unforgivable, even worse than not having been able to save Emperor Fengmian and Madam Yu.

«What happened?»

Lan Xichen’s voice is thin but firm. It interrupts the argument as if it has just broken a spell. Both the cultivators turn toward him and for a while no one says anything. Wanyin lets go of his brother and takes a few steps in his omega’s direction. Even in such an agitated moment, the alpha is aware of the tension on Xichen’s face, the worry that makes every muscle in that body tense up. 

«The Wens assaulted the Jin imperial Palace,» Wanyin explains – he witnesses Xichen’s eyes become bigger because of the surprise but he tries not to think about it. «Wei Wuxian,» he continues, turning to him «I want every high–level cultivator in the strategic chamber, right now.» 

The two brothers give each other an understanding look: despite all the anger and the fear for an unpredictable situation like that, they can still read each other’s minds as they’ve always done – danger only serves to bring them even closer. The omega doesn’t say anything – he just nods and leaves the room at a fast pace. 

«What do you want to do?» Xichen asks, getting closer to the alpha and taking him by an arm. 

«What I should have done long ago. We will lead a direct assault into Wen territory, we will march into Nightless City and put an end to this war and to Wen Ruohan’s empire!»

Lan Xichen trembles. He wishes he wasn’t so scared by those words, but he can still feel the terror for having risked losing Jiang Wanyin run through his whole body and feed his worries. He instinctively places a hand on his belly and closes his eyes for a moment, trying to regain control over himself. Then he straightens his back and recollects himself, behaving as his role demands.

«Don’t rush things just because you are angered, Wanyin,» he says with a serious and authoritative voice. 

The Emperor looks at him, the surprise on his face freezes any other emotion. 

«And do you intend to attack such a vast territory? How do you hope to march to the capital?» Xichen urges him, taking advantage of that moment of silence and hoping that the Emperor will soon realize how absurd what he’s planning is.

«By killing every Wen dog I’ll find on my path!» 

Wanyin raises his voice. His face is now a mask of pure rage and Xichen can see the first purple lightnings sizzling across the finger that is wearing Zidian. He isn’t scared though. On the contrary, his mate’s stubbornness about not realizing how dangerous such behavior is, pushes the omega to dare more. Xichen would usually avoid a fight with class and politeness, but now he decides to be straight–forward.

«And how many men will get killed because of this madness? Because they 

will

 die! The ones you keep calling Wen dogs have big fangs and sharp nails. You would be an easy prey as well, given your conditions!»

This time Wanyin is the one who winces. He feels attacked in a way he didn’t expect to, by the only person he thought would support him. Arguing with Wei Wuxian has never been a problem: Wanyin is used to it, they have always quarrelled, since they were children and started living together. But he thought that in such a difficult moment at least his mate would side with him! Instead, it’s actually Xichen the one accusing him, bringing up the biggest mistakes he’s made in the past, his biggest fears! Surely the omega is talking about Nie Mingjue too. How could he not? After all his death is Wanyin’s fault. Now the blame mingles with newborn jealousy. Wanyin flares up. 

«Yunmeng will be condemned without you! Not even the alliance with Gusu will save it if it loses his leader. Not even Wei Wuxian! Think about it, Wanyin!» the omega insists.

«Thinking without acting is exactly what led us to this situation! The Wens will take everything by force if we just keep thinking it over! I’m not that easy to kill!» the Emperor yells. Zidian on his finger unleashes other flashes of lightning.

«Nie Mingjue wasn’t either, but we both know what happened to him!»

Lan Xichen’s eyes get veiled by tears. Anger, suffering, fear, frustration manifest in that look – why can’t Wanyin understand that being a hot–head right now is the worst thing to do? He knows it, he knows what that means! 

«Oh…! So that’s what all of this is about! Are you afraid of being alone again?»

Wanyin can’t hold his tongue. That’s something he’s always been aware of but he has never tried to work on it. And now as he sees Xichen’s face contracting in a grimace of pain, Wanyin knows exactly that what he said is wrong and yet he can’t stop himself and he doesn’t know how to make things better. After all, aren’t they at that point in their relationship precisely because of his bad behavior? 

Xichen clenches his jaw in an effort not to yell, not to yank him by an arm or worse slap his face. He knows he’s better than that and that such behavior would go against everything he’s been taught, but controlling himself is becoming harder, even more because the omega instinct inside him is yelling at him to keep his alpha, the father of his child, safe. 

«You won’t get rid of me like this, Xichen...» Wanyin’s voice is now lower, more serious and controlled. But those words manage to hurt Xichen even more. Get rid of him? How could he want something like that to happen? Xichen can’t stand the fact that Wanyin is boiling everything down to the two of them, to their conflict, to the fact that they haven’t talked for months now. Now none of those things matter, now Xichen is only trying to warn him, to make sure that Wanyin is a good leader, that he doesn’t commit mistakes out of recklessness. How can’t he see that? 

«It’s not about that!» he yells «I’m just trying to prevent you from making a mistake that will cost you the war!»

«I didn’t know you were my counselor!»

«Do I have any other role in this union? Didn’t you marry me to get alliance and advice from Gusu? Here I am, here my alliance stands, here is my advice! You will get them all killed if you insist on marching into Nightless City bringing only Yunmeng’s and Gusu’s cultivators with you!»

Wanyin grabs Xichen by an arm forcing him closer. The omega doesn’t avert his gaze but looks at him in the eyes instead, so that the Emperor can read him and understand his true intent. When the alpha talks again, though, Xichen knows he’s failed.

«You should support me! You should be my side in a moment like this, not against me!» Wanyin yells at him.

«Since our first night together, you knew that I wouldn’t be that kind of spouse. I won’t say yes just because you’re my alpha! You know what’s in my heart.»

The Emperor’s body shakes with rage as if it was responding to the shakes in Xichen’s body. Why can’t the omega talk to Wanyin? Why can’t they get over all the emotions they are throwing at each other? 

I can’t let you die! How can’t you understand that I care too much about you to indulge your choices without trying to give you all my calm and strength? 


As the omega, a few inches taller than him, stares him down, Wanyin feels insignificant like never before, as nor his parents nor even his brother have ever made him feel. What’s in his heart? Oh, Wanyin remembers it all too well. He's always known. 

«Gusu will always be my Empire. This marriage will never change what is in my heart.» 

If that's the case, there's nothing more to discuss. He was under the delusion that he could fix things, that he could find a new balance in his relationship with Xichen, that he could stop being scared and start learning how to love him, but it's clear now that these have never been the omega's intentions. The memory of their first night together it's sudden proof of Wanyin's fears.

«That's the point: you will never truly be my spouse and I won't treat you like one. I heard your advice, but I am the Emperor and I'll do what I think is right.»

«Jiang Wanyin!» 

«Lan Xichen! That's enough!» 

With that said, the Emperor lets go of the omega, looking at him for the last time and then leaving the chamber. He walks upright,  as if he wasn't still bleeding and already at the limit of his endurance after having survived the attempts to kill him. Like an Emperor walking towards his last battle. Xichen lets him go, completely defeated. He feels like he wished him the goodbye he didn't have the chance to wish Mingjue. 

«I don't think I will be able to let go this time…» he whispers.
 
Yunmeng and Gusu’s armies start the march to Qinghe as dawn breaks. Cultivators on horses and on their swords rush toward what they all feel will be their last battle, ready to give their life for what they believe in and for their empires. Jiang Wanyin and Wei Wuxian walk shoulder to shoulder leading the Yunmeng’s army with conviction, inciting the cultivators with screams, promising them that those last efforts will be rewarded with  much–needed peace. From the right, the Gusu’s army led by Lan Wangji joins them. The silent cultivators in white with shining silver armors walk solidly as if they were all one single body. Their leader doesn’t need to talk for them to know what to do: they are the most impressive example of the Lans strict discipline, something not even Wei Wuxian can say anything about.

They didn’t prepare any plan. Jiang Wanyin simply informed the Lan Emperor about his decision to lead a lightning strike directly into the Qishan territory, expecting for full support despite the fact that Gusu didn’t take part in that decision. Even so, Emperor Lan Qiren didn’t back out and the army was promptly assembled and sent to the Wen territory as soon as possible.

Jiang Wanyin can see some kind of cold annoyance in Lan Wangji's look when their eyes meet, but he pretends he doesn’t notice anything more than the usual stoicism coming from the young cultivator while ordering with a single nod to keep going, speeding up his army. 

After all, he doesn’t have time to keep thinking about the Lan leader, suddenly caught up in other concerns, when not too far from the Border that separates Yunmeng from Qishan the two brothers see a wide formation of cultivators harnessed with red and black ornaments, waiting for them to show up. 

Jiang Wanyin immediately stops the army and gets off his sword, holding it in his hand nervously. The Wens knew they were coming. They knew this time the Emperor wouldn't wait before leading an attack and they were prepared for it. 


«And how many men will get killed because of this madness? Because they will die!»


Realizing that Xichen was right from the start, that maybe he should have used a different strategy, thought over what he was about to do a little more, asked for help before leading the attack, does nothing but make him angrier. What kind of foolish Emperor is he? 

«The attack led to Lanling was a mere excuse to get us here. Wen Ruohan must have feared our possibility to make new alliances and decided to provoke us.»

Lan Wangji, now standing beside the two brothers to know what they thought about the situation, nods once in agreement with Wei Wuxian's analysis. They’ve walked into the simplest and most efficient trap. 

«We certainly can’t retreat now that we came this far!» Wanyin shouts out, «We would give the Wens the perfect occasion to fall upon us, it would be a massacre!»

Lan Wangji nods again, then he looks in front of him at the wide army of the enemy as if he was pondering the gap between their numbers before speaking to the brothers again. 

«We are clearly outnumbered. Nonetheless, we have no choice. Our virtue has to outdo their numerical superiority,» he says solemnly, before getting back to his cultivators, unsheathing his guqin.

Wanyin's sword and Wei Wuxian's dizi appear in their masters' hands and all the other cultivators behind them know the battle is about to start. A scream shakes that motionless scene when Yunmeng’s and Gusu's armies finally start running down the hill. 

And so it begins.




part 5
Chapter Notes
TW: graphic description of violence (as in during a battle)




«My liege, it's not possible, I can't allow you to go!»


Lan Xichen's gaze is cold as it has never been. Filled with rage, he stares at the cultivator who dared to stop him and doesn't seem willing to let him leave the Palace. In his light armor, silver as the ones worn by the Lan Sect, the omega has a more authoritative and menacing aura. 


«Says who? I don't think there's anyone here who can give me orders. Am I wrong?» 


If his voice could actually cause harm, the poor cultivator in front of the omega would already be unconscious on the ground. The man is grateful he's trying to stop Lan Xichen and not the Emperor himself, because in the omega’s voice he can almost hear the whip sound of Zidian on his back. 


«My liege, you're with child...» the man insists taking a step back when Xichen makes one forward trying to surpass him.


That persistence vexes the omega terribly. Xichen doesn't know if it's because of the hormones or just because of desperation, but losing time – precious time – like that is making him lose his mind in the process and he clenches his fists to control an outburst of rage that would really be inappropriate for him.  


«If you dare to stand in my way 

once again

…!» Xichen threatens him and sees the man before him pale.


«Please, my liege. If something happens to you…»


«Would it be better if something happened to your Emperor?»


The cultivator takes another step back, scared by that question, almost as if the one about to hurt Jiang Wanyin was him. Xichen stands before him, stiff and more confident than he’s ever felt, and takes advantage of that last moment of hesitation to finally surpass him, moving in big strides along the pier that leads him outside the Palace.


«Don't worry,» he tells the cultivator, without turning his head, «Wanyin and I will be back safe and sound. The victory will be ours.»


Lan Xichen had thought about that for a long time. For the first hours after Wanyin had left, he had stayed in the throne chamber, alone, frozen by the terrible feeling that he was about to lose someone he loved once again. Because when the Emperor had walked away leaving him there alone, Xichen had clearly felt how much he loved him. Nothing, nor his fear, nor his bond with Mingjue, could have stopped the feeling growling inside his chest: at that moment he had known for certain that Wanyin was more than what he let the others see. At that point, the thought of losing him had become unbearable and had paralyzed the omega. For the first time, Xichen hadn’t known what to do. He wasn't a leader, the anchor to rely on during the difficult situations, anymore.


What had he become? Small, unable to take action, crushed under the weight of feelings too big for a single person to bear. He had felt so ashamed of himself, of the shadow he had become when he’d let the events that had unfolded carry him away without making any resistance.


The voices of a few young cultivators gathered in the throne chamber had awaken him from that state. Xichen had seen them move frenetically, speaking confusingly among them, shouting orders and trying to console each other. He had looked at those young men as they wore their armors and tried to be brave. For a few moments, the omega hadn’t understood what was going on.


«Some say it was a massacre! At the end of the battle, there were more bodies on the ground than cultivators still standing!»


«And the Emperor?»


«He tried to keep moving forward in enemy territory, but in the end, he was forced to stop. It seems they’re going to camp for the night...»


«All the cultivators that know how to fight were called to the border, we need to hurry!»


As other cultivators had rushed in the chamber, crowning it, those words had gradually started to make more sense in Xichen’s mind. The clunking noise that the swords and the armors made hitting each other had filled the room and at some point Xichen had stood up, feeling suddenly strong. 


«What happened?» he had asked, with the most authoritative voice. 


So he had been informed about the Wens and the wide army that had been waiting for Jiang Wanyin at the borders. About the horrible battle that had happened between the two military and the numerous deaths. About the truce they had called as the sun was setting. In a second Xichen had known that what Jiang Cheng had intended to be a rapid march toward Nightless City would soon turn into a draining war of position. The winner would be the one with the biggest army. Left to their own devices, Yunmeng e Gusu would be annihilated.


Lan Xichen had felt it as if something had physically hit him, the second he had had to decide between still keeping his head down, accepting his destiny, or chinning up and shaping it himself. And, simply enough, he had chosen. After all, Xichen should have been the next Emperor in Gusu. And now he was the Emperor’s consort in Yunmeng. One who could easily keep up with Jiang Wanyin. And he had to make things right.


He had written a letter to Jin Guangyao, informing him about the battle at the border and why it was happening, insisting that the future of Lanling – and of his nephew as well – depended on the outcome of that battle. He had concluded saying that the final choice was his and his alone, but that he had the most complete faith in Jin Guangyao’s honor. After that, Xichen had written a second message to Nie Huaisang. Having known him for a long time, the omega had been more straightforward and less polite this time. 



“Do what Mingjue would have judged wiser and more honorable in such a crucial time. I will approve of whatever choice you make. I place my affection and my trust, such as the ones of all the Yunmeng’s and Gusu’s cultivators in your good heart”.



After that, Xichen had left, flying on his sword as quickly as he could, a hand placed on his belly almost as if that small life could give him the strength he needed, making him resolute enough to actually work a miracle. At that moment, everything had been reduced to one single thing: the omega’s need to protect Wanyin, to sort out their conflict, to inform him that he had asked for help and that if things went as he had planned this would actually be their last battle, for the sake of all of the cultivation world. 


It’s already dark when Xichen arrives at the border. Fearing that he would drive too much attention by flying on his sword in such a quiet moment of the night, the omega gets off and decides to go by foot, going through a forest that, heading est, leads to the valley where the Yunmeng’s army had camped. 


Despite being the first time that Xichen walks among those trees, it’s easy for him to get orientated, used as he is to the deep woods in Gusu. So the omega moves quickly through the vegetation even if that is one of the first times he wears his armor and he doesn’t feel completely comfortable carrying that extra weight. His grace and the way he had been brought up nonetheless allow Xichen not to make a sound and that’s probably why he notices almost immediately the ones who are making noise. 


The omega holds his breath, hiding behind a tree when he sees some lights coming in his direction. Small torches, made for exploration, dance before his eyes almost hesitantly and when they are close enough, Xichen can hear the voices of the ones carrying them. He hears a few words, mainly orders that seem to be coming from who must be the leader. 


«Get ready to give the signal, we should be almost there by now.»


A shiver runs through Xichen’s back. He’s not surprised by the fact that the Wens aren’t respecting the night truce, but he didn’t expect the danger to be this close. Xichen has a few seconds to think of what to do. He could try to reach the camp before that handful of cultivators does it to warn the Yunmeng’s army about the danger, but even if the Wens don’t see him while he does so, how much time can Xichen actually buy before the light signal leads the whole enemy army into a camp that’s completely unprepared to face them? But if Xichen can’t run away, there’s only one thing he can do: attack first.


Xichen takes a few more seconds to analyze the situation best. Through the dim light of the torches, he can see five men and he doubts there will be more nearby: if, as he suspects, that is an exploration group, it’s most likely to be composed by just a few men. Even so, Xichen is clearly outnumbered and knows that he will have to beat at least two of them using the advantage of surprise if he wants to have a chance to win the fight.


He moves as cautiously as possible, finding a way to slip behind the back of the last two cultivators. Then Xichen unsheathes his Shuoyue without making a sound. Feeling the sword in his hand somehow reassures him. It’s not his first fight and he is confident in his abilities, and yet the omega has never been in such a dangerous situation and that makes him nervous. 


Xichen knows he has to be cold and quick, that he can make no mistake. And he’s good, he slits the throat of the first cultivator almost without making a sound – when the second one realizes what is going on, the omega has already pierced him at his stomach, sinking the entire length of his sword into him. From this moment on Xichen’s instinct leads him in all his movements: muscle memory gained from all his training in Gusu that now can make the difference between life and death. 


The omega knows that he must stop anyone from giving the alarm and leading the rest of the army there. If that exploration group doesn't come back, the Wens will know that it is not safe moving through that path. After all, it's the same logic ants use to find the safest path to a new source of food – Xichen has to admit he didn't expect something so clever from that Sect. 


The omega sees the exact moment when the three cultivators that are left realize what happened and who is standing before them. He knows that's the most important moment of the whole battle. One of the men reaches for the light signal with a hand, ready to activate it, and Xichen sprints forward and hits him to the arm before he can do anything. The man cries out in pain, filling the silent woods with his scream, but no one pays attention to him; the other two jump on Xichen violently. They seem to have forgotten their primary mission and the omega is grateful for that – he won't have to kill them in a single blow if they aren't trying to warn the rest of the army anymore.


Despite not being as outnumbered as he initially was, Xichen realizes soon enough that he's not able to sustain his two foes’ attacks as well as he thought. He doesn't know if it's because of the pregnancy, the omega instinct screaming at him to run away, go somewhere safe, protect at least the life growing in his belly, or simply because of the two men’s strength, but every minute that goes by he feels their lunges more difficult to keep under control. Their swords swish before him quickly and dangerously, leaving the first cuts on Xichen’s body. Not a single lament leaves the omega’s lips as he never loses his concentration and barely feels the pain as he fights back with everything he's got.


«You won't make it out of here alive, you bastard!» Xichen hears one of the Wens say as he runs toward him holding his sword with both of his hands, trying with all his might to lower it over Xichen’s body, to cut him from part to part. The omega is fast, faster than he even hoped, as only desperation can make you. He dodges the hit jumping to the left and lets Shuoyue go deep into the soft and less protected side of the cultivator. He can hear the enemy breathe raggedly. The man is only able to turn toward him before falling on the ground as Xichen pulls back his sword getting stained with his blood. 


This is possibly the only mistake the omega makes, the only time he gets distracted for a second too long. He feels the pain hits him, sudden and violent: the weapon of the last cultivator left to kill breaks through Xichen’s armor as if it was made of paper and wounds him slightly below the chest, leaving him breathless. Xichen lifts his gaze up and even if all the torches are out now he can still see the smirk on the Wen’s face. 


«Die, you bitch,» the man says and the omega feels like time has slowed down.


Xichen is dying. He can feel his energy being ripped off his body with violence when the sword leaves his warm innards and a sudden cold fills him. But at the same time, an odd calm leads his next actions. It's not difficult. Not really. It's the same mistake Xichen just made, the one everyone makes sooner or later. Distraction. For Xichen it's enough to use what is left of his strength to raise the arm that is still holding Shuoyue up to the man's neck, cutting his throat so deeply that it kills him immediately. A flash of awareness stains the man's smile before death freezes that feature on his face forever, making him fall down, lifeless. Xichen can't stop his body from doing the same thing, following the gravitational force. 


He doesn't lose consciousness though. Instead, he manages to fall on his side in order not to hit his belly. He wonders if his wound is deep enough to kill him in a few seconds or he can try to move and only then he realizes, frightened, how bad his conditions are.



I can't…. die,

 he thinks desperately. Now the fear is choking him and it hurts more than the wound. 

I can't die. For my baby, for Wanyin. I can't. Not now. Please… 



Xichen starts trembling. He doesn't know if it's because of the cold or the desperation. He recalls all the things his uncle taught him. Control your emotions, achieve inner peace, do not let external circumstances overcome you. Be righteous always, and above everything. 


Xichen screams. With all his might, to the top of his lungs. He screams even if it could be dangerous, even if maybe other Wens could be close, even if it could be another mistake. Then he catches his breath and his chest hurts as if it was stabbed again, making him sob. For a moment his concentration wavers but Xichen is able to regain control over his body and time slows down again, his mind is calm and free from any fear.  


He won't die. He won't let himself die surrounded by desperation and regret. Mingjue wouldn't have wanted that. Wanyin wouldn't want that. Xichen owns that to them and to himself. He deserves to not let go, not after all he has gone through up to that moment. 


Xichen presses a hand over the wound, trying as best as he can to stop the blood from oozing out, and barely winces when he feels pain. Hours and days spent under the cold water of Gusu’s mountains in meditation taught Xichen how to distance himself from any useless physical perception, so now he can deprive his conscience of that pain and concentrate on the effort his free hand and his legs are making to slither through the trees out of the forest. With an outburst of strength Xichen tries to stand up but he feels so light–headed that he can't even stand on his knees and before he realizes it his face hits the wet ground of the undergrowth. 



Not yet

, he commands his body, continuing to slither with all his might.


Keeping his head is more and more difficult, the pain is closer now, so close that his consciousness can feel it again. It hurts. First, the pain is in the hand full of cuts as it keeps dragging the body along the undergrowth, then in the deeper cuts on his body where Xichen was hit in the fight. Lastly in the wound on his chest where the sword perforated him. 


Xichen doesn't want to die, but being alive is becoming too difficult.  


«I'm sorry…» he mutters breathlessly «I'm… trying… so hard…»


Tears wet his face soiled with blood and dirt without the cultivator being aware of it. The thought of his brother hits him suddenly, confused and devastating. Wangji should be at the Yunmeng camp too. He fought that battle as well and could be injured or worse… Suddenly Xichen realizes he didn’t think about how this battle would also involve his brother and the guilt hits him. He wants to see him, he wants to speak to him. There are so many things Xichen wants to do with Wangji, so many little things he wants to share, so many places in Yunmeng he wants to show him… Xichen wants to be there for him, he wants Wangji to meet his baby and be a marvelous uncle… 


«I don't want to die… I don't want to…» 


If he had enough strength, Xichen would be furious. He has never confessed it to anyone, not even his brother, but after Mingjue's death he had wished for so long not to wake up again… and yet every day he woke up in the cold, silent Gusu, strict witness his agonizing pain. And now, now that Xichen feels he has so many things to live for, life is being ripped off him mercilessly. The warm woods at Yunmeng's border as the only cruel witness of that excruciating tragedy. 


When he feels something moving behind him, Xichen is barely conscious. Maybe the Wens did hear him and are coming to end what they started. That's fine, Xichen won't give them any other chance to hurt him. Death will come first. Suddenly there's only darkness around him. 

 


This is not happening. No. Nonononono. 




Not again. It just can't. I won't let it happen again. 



For the second time in all his life, Wei Wuxian feels like he could die for all the panic pumping in his body. The first time, he was running towards the battlefield. The battle had already ended. He hadn’t been fast enough even if he should have imagined that things would go that way. Even though Jiang Cheng had desperately asked him to come there with reinforcements in time. When Wei Wuxian had arrived, Emperor Jiang and his wife's bodies were on the ground, disfigured by the cruelty of war. They weren't far away from each other, as if in the last moments of their lives they had tried to reach one another to find comfort and face death together.


Jiang Cheng had never forgiven him for being late. Even if it hadn’t actually been Wei Wuxian’s fault, even if that battle had been doomed to be a massacre with or without the few hundred cultivators Wei Wuxian was leading. His brother had needed someone to blame and direct his anger to and Wei Wuxian had been ready to take everything on him. After all, he couldn't forgive himself either. So he had let him, even when the new Emperor of Yunmeng had been close to kill him. If Jiang Cheng hadn’t stopped himself, probably, Wei Wuxian would have let him do it.


Now the omega is running to his own camp. He's late, 

again

, so late that the body he's holding in his arms feels already cold and as Wei Wuxian holds him tighter to his chest he begs for his clothes to keep getting soaked in Xichen’s blood. That would mean that there's still blood running through the omega’s veins, that something is still beating in his chest. 


Lan Xichen is dying and all Wei Wuxian can do about it is run. This time, the one asking Jiang Cheng to be killed will be him.


Wei Wuxian had found Xichen by chance. The reinforcement coming from Yunmeng had informed the Emperor that his spouse was coming to the battlefield. Hearing about that had roused Jiang Cheng’s fury. He had yelled, hit the cultivator who had informed him, asked why no one had stopped Lan Xichen, with force if necessary. Then he had just waited for him to come. 


Wei Wuxian had left camp for no particular reason. His instinct had brought him into the woods nearby and he had simply trusted it. When he had found Lan Xichen’s dying body, soaking in a pool of blood the shock had been so deep cold sweat covered him.


«Help! I need help! Where are the physicians!» 


Hearing his brother's voice makes Jiang Cheng shiver. He knew something had happened to Lan Xichen, he had felt it, and he had been ready to leave his tent and follow the path he thought the omega would take on his sword. Now he knows that it’s too late for that.


«Take him to my tent!» he orders, turning back and preparing a bed for Wei Wuxian to lay Lan Xichen’s lacerated body down. 


«What happened to him?» 


Wei Wuxian shakes his head. He realizes he's trembling and after laying the omega down on the improvised bed, he holds one hand with the other trying to calm himself down.


«When I found him, there were some Wens nearby, all dead. They must have fought,» Wei Wuxian explains, with a concision that doesn't belong to him, that shows how worn out he is by everything that has just happened. His omega instinct is screaming in his head that he should have protected him better, that Xichen was weaker because of his pregnancy. That Wei Wuxian did everything wrong.


«Why was he fighting them? Fuck, what's the meaning of all this? Xichen should be at the Palace!» the Emperor yells, out of his mind. 


He feels like he's going insane. The fury filling his chest and taking his breath away must be unleashed upon everything surrounding him and Wei Wuxian in front of him, soaked with Xichen’s blood, is too easy a target. 


«I don't know, damn it! I don't know!» Wei Wuxian screams back at him, while two physicians finally enter the largest tent, ready to give the omega all the needed cure. 


«You suddenly left the camp – you felt him, you must have felt him!»


The Emperor doesn't know what he's saying – his pain is erasing what remains of his logic by now. Wanyin grabs Wei Wuxian by his collar, forcing him to take several steps back. He wants to hit him, maybe he wants to hit himself. He feels like he's reliving the heartbreaking agony he’s felt after his parents died and once again his confusion and the complete annihilation can't find another way to get out. 


«I had a feeling, it was just… a hunch! How could I…! How could I have known, Jiang Cheng?!»


Wanyin doesn't answer: he knows that whatever he chooses to say won’t make any sense. His hands still hold on to his brother's clothes losing part of their grip, almost as if now they were just hanging there and the Emperor's whole body was about to fall down. Wei Wuxian immediately realizes what is going on and his hands reach out to support Wanyin’s weight, taking him by his shoulders. 


«I don't know what to do...» Wanyin mutters – his voice is so thin now that only Wei Wuxian can hear him. To the young cultivator, his brother has never seemed so vulnerable, and something inside Wei Wuxian breaks. 


«He is still alive...»


Wei Wuxian talks in the kindest and softest way. His voice trembles, echoing the one his brother used just now and it seems like that voice wants to take the other one by its hand so that it knows it is not alone. In the same way, Wei Wuxian tries to hold Wanyin closer, but the alpha takes a step back turning to Lan Xichen. He can’t do that. Not right now. 


The pain Wanyin is feeling because of his bond with Lan Xichen is barely comparable to the one he's feeling consciously because his worst fears are coming true in front of his eyes. He wishes he could stop feeling that terrible mix of emotions, rip off his heart and throw it far away from himself, but all he can do is suddenly realizing that he loves Xichen. He loves him like he has never loved anyone, not his sister nor his parents, nor Wei Wuxian. He loves him for all the conflicts they had, for their fights, for the stubbornness Xichen showed to keep up with him. All the reasons Wanyin had made up to stay away from him, that had made him think there could be no future for them, are now the reasons why he cares about Xichen more than he cares for his own life. 


He doesn't want him to die. He can't die now. 


«The baby...»


The growl getting out of the Emperor's throat is deep and full of pain. Did he lose his child? Wanyin hadn’t gotten used to the idea of becoming a father yet and it’s already over? He destroyed everything with his own hands – his biggest happiness is no more, and eradicating every single Wen from this Earth won't be enough to get it back. Destroying all of Qishan won't be enough to suffocate the agonizing pain that is breaking his heart. 


«...Jiang Cheng. Breathe.»


Wei Wuxian’s voice, his warm hand on his shoulder, makes Wanyin come back to reality. When he looks at Lan Xichen again, the two physicians have already untied his armor. One of them is dealing with the most superficial cuts on the omega’s body, the other takes care of the deepest wound under his chest. For what seems to be a miracle, his belly is soiled with the blood but completely untouched, round and only understandably pale because of the blood loss Xichen suffered. 


Wanyin knows he shouldn't be relieved, that Xichen could die anyway and that fragile life with him, but can't stop himself from gasping at that sight, hoping that this is a sign, that things can still go for the better. He just needs a beacon of hope, the thinnest one, not to lose his mind.  


It takes a few seconds for Wanyin to realizes that Lan Wangji is in the imperial tent with them. He must have entered when the Emperor was fighting with Wei Wuxian, without making a sound as always, and sitting next to his brother, moving Xichen’s head on his lap. Now he as an extremely concentrated look on his face while he transfers his spiritual energy from his own body to the brother’s. 


«Will he make it?»


Wanyin’s question is naive and holds in it all the fear the cultivator is feeling. It is directed to the physicians and at the same time to Wangji, but the cultivator doesn’t look away from his brother, a hand kindly laid on his hair, the other still directing the energy flow from one body to the other with grace. 


«It’s too soon to be certain, my liege. The regale consort lost a lot of blood, it’s a miracle that he is still alive...»


More than his words, it’s the physician’s face that really scares Wanyin. He grabs the man by an arm, yanking him, bringing him closer to his face. 


«You do anything, everything you can to save him!» Wanyin hisses menacingly. 


«You should have protected him.»


This is the first time Wangji speaks since he came into the tent. He doesn’t yell, and yet his voice makes everyone’s blood turn cold, including the twin heroes of Yunmeng’s. The younger Jade of Lan raises his gaze from the unnaturally pale face of his brother and looks at Wanyin. A glacial look hits the Emperor, as strong as a slap in the face. 


«How could I–»


«You did nothing but make him suffer,» Wangji adds, interrupting Wanyin’s words in the most disrespectful way, as he has never done before. Until now he’d kept his fury under control with all his strength, focusing on saving his brother. But he can’t stand the Emperor and the way he’s addressing everyone any longer, as if Wanyin wasn’t the primary maker of the tragedy they are facing now.


«It took my brother a lot of time to heal after 

Chifeng–zun

’s death, and all he got in return was more suffering!»


Wanyin winces – he would like to say something back but hearing Nie Mingjue’s title breaks his determination and makes his guilt come back, burning him from the inside.


«He tried to stay by your side, he tried to be a good mate for you. And you did nothing but reject him. He was just trying to–!»


«To…?» 


Hearing Wanyin’s question makes Wangji’s words die on his lips and he trembles, shaken by the depth of his own feelings. “To love you”, Wangji wanted to say, but he can’t expose his brother like that, especially given his current conditions. Even if Wangji doesn’t understand how someone could willingly destroy themselves for another person, he would never hurt Xichen, in any way possible. 


Wangji watched Xichen consuming himself during those months, he watched him wither little by little every day because of the pain coming from not being able to love Wanyin, from not being able to forgive him. And most of all from not being able to stop being considered just part of a needed alliance. The instinctive hate Wangji feels for Jiang Wanyin can’t be measured. 


Wangji looks at his brother again without saying anything else, focusing on intensifying the energy flow. He doesn’t know how much longer he can keep going without feeling sick, but he doesn’t care either: he would give everything he has to save him. 


«I’m sorry,» he hears Wanyin say «Xichen is my responsibility and I didn’t protect him as I should have.»


«You are wrong,» Wangji answers without lifting his gaze from Xichen and caressing his hair as a reflex, «My brother has never been anyone’s responsibility but his own. He’s not an assignment given to you. He’s the one who will spend the rest of his life with you, no matter how much time he has left. And if you stopped seeing him just like one of your imperial obligation and actually looked at the person who is laying here, that is... dying because he couldn’t stand… If you could just see how much he…»


Wangji trembles. It lasts just a few seconds, a feeble lack of control that makes him feel ashamed and that he overcomes immediately. He wishes that everyone would go away and leave them alone, because no one deserves to be in Xichen’s presence right now. But he can’t ask that, he can say anything more because he feels a shiver shaking his brother’s body. 


«It’s… alright… Wangji… everything… is… fine…» 


«Xiong–zhang...» Wangji murmurs and he feels relieved like never before when he sees Xichen’s eyes slowly opening, watery and tired. He feels ashamed again for his lack of control and tries with all his might to calm down, failing.  


«I’ve… scared you… I’m sorry…»


Xichen’s words are kind, gentle as they have always been with his little brother, even now that Xichen feels so tired and deprived of life energy. He wishes he could reach Wangji’s face to caress it and reassure him, but even a simple thing like that is too much effort for him, letting the eyes do what his fingers can’t. Wangji shakes his head just once so that Xichen knows he doesn’t blame him for anything and caresses his hair one more time – dizzy as he is, Xichen knows that a display of affection so explicit is a clear sign of how scared Wangji actually is. Xichen feels his chest tightening.


«How do you feel?» he hears Wanyin ask. Only then does Xichen avert his eyes from Wangji to look at the Emperor for a few moments. Everything comes back to him almost violently: he sees himself as he leaves the palace, flies to the camp and fights against the Wens. He recognizes the fear and the worry in Wanyin’s eyes, but he doesn’t know if he can actually trust those feelings. Xichen is so happy to see his mate safe and sound and yet the fear of suffering paralyzes him again.


«The child is alright... As long as I breath… nothing will happen to them,» he says between one breath and the other, changing the subject and then letting a sigh escape from his lips, closing his eyes, tired for the effort of speaking for that long. 


«That’s not what I asked!»


Wanyin raises his voice, making all the people in the tent flinch, including the omega that trembles in his brother’s arms. Xichen opens his eyes and looks at him, tired and a bit desperate. He doesn’t know what to expect from him and he doesn’t want to fight, he has no strength for that. So he simply waits, wondering if this time Wanyin will be able to keep talking. 


«I’m sorry for causing Chifeng–zun’s death,» Wanyin murmurs, taking him by surprise. Among all the things Xichen was expecting to hear, that really was the last one. 


«Mingjue… died in battle...» he answers, at a loss for words for the first time since he married Wanyin. 


«A battle I asked him to join. I know you will never forgive him for this, but I wanted you to know that I am sorry, that I would have prevented it in any way possible if I could have, that I know I am responsible for many lives. I have never wanted to get someone killed: I tried to fix it...»


Xichen closes his eyes again, overwhelmed with the meaning of all those words. Has Wanyin always thought that he hated him because of Mingjue’s death? Is this the reason why he has always been so cold, bad–tempered and distant with him? Did he do that because he thought Xichen would never forgive him? Wanyin must have thought that Xichen’s opposition to this last battle was due to the same resentment he still felt toward him... 


«Mingjue wanted to... protect his Empire… Do what he thought was right for everyone… I have never thought that… he shouldn’t have joined your cause… nor that you were responsible for his death.»


Even if he feels his strength leaving him, Xichen tries to reach for Wanyin with a hand, moving just enough for the Emperor to see him and reach for his hand in return. That kind of warmth is something new and yet so familiar that Xichen feels immediately healed. He realizes that, for better or for worse, this is the only place he wants to be in. Xichen hasn’t lost hope, they can understand each other. They just need to talk. 


«I’m sorry I made you suffer. I’m sorry I wasn’t able to… understand you,» Wanyin whispers, trying to hold back his tears, «This whole thing… It should only have been a pact between two empires, it shouldn’t have become so complicated.»


Xichen smiles: yes, it did become complicated when it stopped being just a political alliance. He can see now in Wanyin's desperation that he is not the only one who has started to feel something. He’s not the only one who is 

still 

feeling something.


«Is it really… a bad thing… that it has become complicated?» Xichen asks innocently, and he feels his throat tighten as if he was about to cry too. 


Wanyin raises his head to look at him properly, and for the first time he 

knows 

what Xichen means. And it's the last thing he was expecting to hear, but at the same time the only one that can save him. No, it's not a bad thing. He couldn't be more grateful to their union for becoming so complicated.


«I’m sorry for saying that you're a stranger. It's not true, it has never been true. Since the first time I slept with you… You have never been a stranger to me, Xichen. But it was easier thinking of you that way, keeping you at a distance… It was easier than…»


Wanyin shakes his head – he wishes Xichen could look inside him and understand the emotions he's feeling but can't voice because Wanyin doesn't think he will find the right words to explain all that he has inside. Now he's the one who doesn't know how to use words and he can't speak because he can't catch his breath. 


«Easier than…?» he hears Xichen ask. Wanyin makes another effort, takes another step towards Xichen. For all this time the omega was the one making the efforts in their relationship: Wanyin has to catch up now.


«I don't want to lose you… I couldn't… my sister, my parents… If you...»


For the first time, Wanyin is confessing to himself and Xichen that the reason why he kept the omega at a distance was that he felt guilty and because he was not strong enough to bind himself to someone he could lose. Simply because he is as fragile and scared as any other human. Wanyin couldn't feel more exposed and yet for the first time, he realizes that refusing to speak his mind, to give voice to his emotions, pushing them away where he can’t feel them anymore would only cause them more harm. And he doesn't want to hurt Xichen ever again. 


«I can't… die...» Xichen whispers and his hand, still between Wanyin's, caresses that warm skin as if that simple gesture could calm him down.


Wanyin looks at him, not sure he understands what Xichen is talking about. Is he referring to their child? Sure, he would do anything to protect that small life, so fragile and defenseless, but…


«I haven't heard you call me A–Huan yet...»


The first sobs shake Wanyin’s chest before the alpha can think to control himself. He narrows his eyes, bowing his head over Xichen’s hand to hide all the pain and the joy he’s feeling hearing those words. A-Huan. Not even in his silliest, most hopeful dreams he would have imagined there could be a day when Xichen would have liked to hear Wanyin call him with that name. He has 

never

 ever hoped he could be so happy, so close to Xichen to call him like that. 


Xichen looks at him as if he were the most precious thing he had, with that mixture of joy and sorrow that only what you really care about can make you feel. Xichen watches him as Wanyin breaks down in front of him and realizes that he has never felt so complete and alive as he’s feeling at the moment. Because he is witnessing a blooming, not a destruction. Because A-Cheng has never been so beautiful as in the moment he started blooming in front of him. 


«I’ll learn to love you the way you deserve. From this day forward. I swear.»


Xichen nods at those words: he’s not surprised to hear them, but he has never been so happy not to have been wrong.


«Do you know why… I believe you?» he asks. Wanyin raises his wet face to look at him. «Because I already love you.»


The only thing Wanyin can do is thank the heavens for this gift.


That atmosphere is broken up by the sudden entrance in the tent of an armored cultivator asking for the Emperor and looking a bit embarrassed because of the explicitly intimate situation happening in front of him. 


«M–my liege,» he salutes with a bow «I apologize for intruding but…. Lanling’s army is here.»


Wanyin stands up, he can’t hide the surprise on his face. Lanling has just risked losing the young crown emperor, he didn’t think they could join a battle that anyone would have judged desperate. That at any other time Wanyin himself would have judged foolish.


«Sometimes… all you have to do… is ask for help...»


Xichen’s voice is thin but confident. Everyone turns toward him and the smile on the omega’s face widens, showing all the pride that has always belonged to him but that never shined so brightly. 


«I knew that… Jin Guangyao would be… a man of honor… And I trust that… Huaisang will… do the same thing...»


In the moments that follow that revelation, during which all of them realize that Qinghe’s army will probably be there before dawn, Wanyin gets closer to Xichen and kisses his pale forehead, not minding that everyone can see how intimate that gesture is. For a few instants, there’s only Xichen in the tent, Xichen, whom Wanyin is 

so

 grateful to that he wouldn’t be able to put that feeling in words even if he had the next hundred years to explain it. 


«Thank you,» he whispers, before leaving the tent followed by his brother. 


Xichen watches him go and, for the first time, his heart can rest. 




epilogue
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Wanyin’s hand slips nonchalantly down Xichen’s back with kindness. The Emperor isn’t actually thinking about what he is doing, but it doesn’t go unnoticed by Xichen, who is always so aware of what surrounds him, and the omega feels warmed by it.Even if two years passed since they started to live again, even if this is just their routine, now.«My liege Lan, if you could just take another step on your right, toward the Emperor, it would be perfect.»Xichen nods to the painter looking at them from some distance and moves according to his request, hitting the armor Wanyin’s wearing with his arm. The omega turns to look at his mate and smiles at him for no reason, just because he’s next to him. «How long do we have to do this for?» he hears Wanyin ask, his voice annoyed, yet amused. Xichen can’t stop himself from bursting into laughter that shakes his whole body. «For a few hours, today. And for several days,» he replies continuing to laugh when he hears a disconsolate noise coming from Wanyin. «And are you  really certain that we must have such a painting at the Palace?» the Emperor asks again.«Absolutely yes,» it’s Xichen’s serious reply. Then the omega looks at the baby girl he’s holding in his arms, adjusting her better so that she doesn’t fall or isn’t too heavy for his back. The toddler giggles in reply, looking around with her big eyes and focusing on the man in front of them who his carefully looking back at them. The man switches his focus between the imperial family and the wide cloth he is about to impress their features on, a paintbrush in his hand, appearing lost in his thoughts. «I want this moment of peace to become a beautiful memory for everyone and since YingYue is too little now to remember it, this paint will serve the purpose,» Xichen explains, looking at their child as she takes in her small hands an edge of the wide sleeve of the omega’s clothes to play with it, her attention caught by their vivid colors and precious embroidery.  «We could just tell her, have you thought about that?» Wanyin suggests, focusing his attention on the baby as well. Xichen sees the particular look in the Emperor’s eyes every time that he watches their daughter. A gaze always so proud and full of love, that it’s for her and her alone and that fills the omega with joy.«I will surely tell her how her father did nothing but childishly complain for the whole time!» Xichen exclaims, still smiling widely.«You wouldn’t dare to ridicule me like this!» Wanyin says with a pout, taking a step away and crossing his arms. «Do you know me so poorly, A–Cheng?» Xichen provokes him and hearing his birth name makes Wanyin wince. He understands how serious Xichen’s threaten is and returns beside him clearly defeated.Before them, the painter watches the whole scene and can barely stop a smile from appearing on his face: it could be inappropriate, yet the instinct is really strong. After all, all of Yunmeng knows how close the imperial couple became after the defeat of the Wens and the end of the Qishan Empire. What once was the great reign of Wen Ruohan, now is divided into several smaller fractions and each of them is under the supervision of one of the Major Sects. Inside these fractions, commoners and cultivators with any kind of relationship with the Wens, try to live their life at the best of their possibilities, even if everything drastically changed after the fall of the Sect. Lan Xichen and the whole Gusu Lan Sect were as indulgent as possible with the survivors of the last battle. Without forgetting the crimes of the one who fought against them, they tried to respect the innocents and to give everyone a dignified life. Yunmeng, also because of the alliance with Gusu, followed the same kind of conduct. Even if they executed the most important cultivators in the Wen Sect, they didn’t ask for more blood than they could legitimately have. Lanling and Qinghe acted somehow differently instead and this thing created some frictions among the Sects, but nor Gusu nor Yunmeng could interfere in their matters: after all, their armies were essential in the last battle against the Wens and for this reason Yunmeng and Gusu owed them respect even if they didn’t agree with their opinion.Anyway, since after that last terrible battle, the cultivation world started living years of prosperity and peace. Each empire benefited from the end of borders conflicts and could dedicate itself to the resolution of many little internal quarrels and the increasing of the wealth of its subjects. Lanling and Qinghe, in particular, began to prosper again. Jin Guang Yao was made reigning emperor until Jin Ling’s coming of age and he seemed to be an intelligent and watchful sovereign. Even if Wanyin didn’t always like what he did – and Wei Wixian even less so – for the time being, Jin Guang Yao proved himself to be a solid ally. Yunmeng’s Emperor consoled himself watching his nephew growing and knowing that one day the Empire will be his. In time, Nie Huaisang proved himself to be more clever and cunning than his brother when he reigned over Qinghe and this made Xichen proud. Once he was able to travel again, Xichen visited Qinghe several times. Recovering from the injuries sustained the day before the last battle and carrying on the pregnancy until its natural end really had stressed and tired his body out, but in the last year Xichen regained more and more strength with the passing days, finally returning to the way he was before. Because of that, he was allowed to leave Yunmeng a few times to pay visit to Gusu and Qinghe.  When he visited Mingjue’s tomb, he went there alone or accompanied by Huaisang. Wanyin preferred not to come and Xichen respected that choice. In Gusu, the omega showed the Emperor around: they visited all the places where Xichen grew up and Wanyin felt like he was finally getting to know Xichen better, as he should have done in the months after their wedding.The noise of a jar of liquor shattering on the wooden floor makes everyone flinch, distracting the imperial couple from the pose the painter asked them to enact so that he could work.«Wei Wuxian!» the Emperor shouts out, with an exasperated voice and an enraged gesture, almost as if he was a parent scolding his son's last mischief.«Aah! It wasn't my fault! Lan Zhan made me lose balance! He wanted to get rid of all my good liquor! Lan Zhan, you're so mean! How can you hate something so good as my  Hefeng ?»Wei Wuxian’s voice is like a lament, exaggerated and provoking. The young cultivator is trying to get a reaction from the alpha standing beside him, but hearing his accusations Wangji throws a cold look at Wei Wuxian, mildly vexed. Wangji has been a guest in Lotus Pier for a few days now – this is his last visit as just the Gusu Emperor's nephew: in two months Lan Qiren will nominate him next Emperor in Gusu, starting a period of joint regency that will allow the cultivator to get used to his new responsibilities. And, has his uncle hopes, to find a suitable spouse. «Leave Lan Wangji alone and make yourself useful for once!» Wanyin orders his an exasperated sigh, shaking his head. «Do you want me to be in the painting as well? Eh, Jiang Cheng?» Wei Wuxian suggests, suddenly excited by that though.«Sure! We could ask the painter if he could use your blood as the red color on the painting, how about that? You will be in the painting forever!» The terrified look on Wei Wuxian's face is exaggerated as any other of his reactions when the two brothers have a fight and make the toddler currently in Xichen’s arms giggle, amused. The omega smiles at that usual exchange of words as well. The two twin heroes of Yunmeng never change, no matter how many things happen in the cultivation world around them. They certainly are a fixed point everyone can rely on. That's why after those words Xichen expects to see Wei Wuxian hiding behind Wangji's wide shoulders, pretending to be scared of Wanyin's cruel idea. «Lan Zhan! Lan Zhan! Did you hear him? Did you hear what he said? Please, save me!»The second Twin Jade tilts his head to his shoulder so that he can look at Wei Wuxian but doesn’t replay at the new provocation. He doesn’t move either, though, nor tries to push him away, although he usually can’t stand when someone violates his personal space.«Why should Lan Wangji protect you? Why should he care if something happens to you?» Wanyin asks shamelessly, taking a step toward the two of them.«Of course he cares! Do you, Lan Zhan? If I was in danger, you would save me, wouldn’t you?»No one except for Xichen can see through Wangji’s unperturbed face, but the omega knows his brother too well and it’s easy for him to notice his embarrassment, a reaction only someone interested to that situation and that person would have. Xichen smiles, fully aware of what is going on, and wonders if his uncle would approve of such marriage. Then, he amusedly remembers the conversation he had with Wangji about Wei Wuxian the day they had traveled to Yunmeng for his wedding. Things indeed had changed in those years.«You are constantly bothering him. No doubt he would let you die!» Wanyin is keeping saying, just for the sake of mocking his brother. «You’re wrong! Lan Zhan is an honorable person, he would save me! After all, he has a thing for me! Don’t you, Lan Zhan?»The sigh leaving Wangji’s thin lips is clearly a sign of his patience now running short and that Wei Wuxian’s provocations are now hitting the right spot. Xichen is moved to compassion for his brother and draws Wanyin’s attention again on the painting, asking him to pose again. The Emperor smiles at him with a particular fondness, somehow melancholic, that Xichen doesn’t immediately understand. «Jiejie used to stop us from bickering just the way you did now,» Wanyin explains to Xichen and the omega smiles back at him, softly. Had his hands been free, the omega would have given his husband a fond caress, but he decides to do it once they’re alone. «Have you ever seen a worst couple?» Wanyin is saying, now again by his side. «Oh, dear… I love the way you’re just so oblivious about what is actually going on around you,» the omega says, amused, with no intention of explaining himself when Wanyin throws a questioning look at him.«Now, please, can you show me your beautiful smiles, my lieges?» the painter asks, interrupting them, before starting to imprint the first signs on the amber-colored tissue. Wanyin feels really stupid as he smiles for no reason and looks at Xichen first and then their daughter, now laying on the omega’s chest, trying to distract himself thinking about something cheerful. Beside him, as he turns, Xichen his showing the most wonderful smile as he stares back at the alpha, letting the painter portray him in profile.«Do you want me to help you find some happy memories?» he asks, trying not to move too much. When his husband nods, Xichen’s smile widens. «Next year we will do this again,» he announces and the Emperor can’t hide his shocked face, the furthest thing from what the painter asked them to make. «Why do you enjoy torturing me like this, A-Huan? Will you make this thing a recurring event?» he asks, desperate but already resigned. Even if that was the case, he would not be able to say no to Xichen.«It depends. I would like it to become something we do every time we have a baby,» Xichen candidly explains, without averting his eyes from the alpha.That way he can clearly see the awareness spreading on Wanyin's face the second the alpha realizes what Xichen’s words mean. His eyes shine as bright as Xichen have never seen them do and maybe there are also a few tears veiling them. Maybe the Emperor won’t let them stream down his face, but those tears still make Xichen proud and really  really  happy. Now the most wonderful smile widens both their lips and the couple can’t even hear the painter congratulate them for that beautiful expression. At that moment they feel they’re the only people to exist in the world, linked by a bond that will never fail to make new smiles bloom on their faces, like flowers in spring. 



Chapter End Notes
First of all, I want to thank the #MXTXRBB2019 mods for this event: it was really wonderful and well planned, an amazing experience!! And thanks to my partner too, Shay, for the prompt she shared with me, the plot we planned together and all the times she cheered me up while I was writing this story. This epilogue is born from the amazing art she made for this RBB - go check it out here!!This was my first time writing in this fandom and I've never written an omega-verse nor a Xicheng before, so I was pretty anxious about it and I hope I did everything alright!But most of all I want to say thank you to my beta: I know I said this before, but this time you really really did so much for me. I would have never been able to post this story without you. I'm so lucky and so grateful to have a person like you in my life ❤️And lastly but not less important, thank you to anyone who read this story ^^



Afterword


Works inspired by this one




Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



