



Ive Been Wishing On You - QuirklessWonder - Pu falsehiroakademia
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

I've Been Wishing On You
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/13556148.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
僕のヒーローアカデミア | Boku no Hero Academia | My Hero Academia
Relationship:
Bakugou Katsuki/Kirishima Eijirou
Character:
Bakugou Katsuki, Kirishima Eijirou
Additional Tags:
Bakugou Katsuki Swears A Lot, Pining Bakugou Katsuki, Manga Spoilers, Dancing Lessons, Slow Dancing, Fluff, Like, the sappiest fluff to ever fluff
Collections:
Kiribaku Fics That Fit a Vibe I Love
Stats:

        Published: 2018-02-03
        Words: 5558
      

I've Been Wishing On You
by QuirklessWonder (SouthernSmartAss)
Summary
“I have an idea!” Kirishima said, the bed springs creaking just a little bit when he stood. Bakugou still kept his eyes averted, but his body was turned towards Kirishima and he hoped the redhead understood that meant that he was listening.Then, suddenly, Kirishima was inches from his face and  dear god  why didn’t he understand that Bakugou needed  space? “Why don’t you teach me how to dance?”
Notes

Title


          See the end of the work for more notes




I've Been Wishing On You

It’s ten o’clock when the intern group got back from their supplementary lessons - really, he should stop referring to them as that because the intern program was fucking cancelled, but they’re still that in his head so what-the-fuck-ever - and the smart ones among that group go straight to bed. The fucking idiotic ones come find and wake up Bakugou so they could  talk.But Bakugou had been expecting that, which was why he had gone to sleep so fucking early.“Did you hear what they decided on for the cultural festival?” Kirishima asked. He was sitting cross-legged at the end of Bakugou’s bed, hands running through his damp hair and staring at the posters on Bakugou’s walls curiously, like he hadn’t seen them dozens of times already. He hadn’t bothered turning on the overhead light when he came in, instead just turning on the little lamp that Bakugou kept on his desk; its soft, yellow light cast Kirishima’s face in a warm glow and accentuated the shadows that clung to the corners of the room. In this little ring of light, Bakugou and Kirishima felt like a secret, something intimate and precious.It did not make Bakugou’s hand sweat a little more than usual or make his heart feel light and fluttery in his chest. It fucking didn’t.“No, fuckwad, I was  asleep,” He growled, feeling his face warm up. He had stayed where he had been in his bed when Kirishima had woken him up, laying under the duvet with it pulled up to his shoulders. He grasped the fabric and pulled it tighter around him, pressing his face against the cool material. He was glad that the light from the lamp was the kind that drowned out all other colors, painting everything in shades of cream and caramel, including his face which was probably red. It didn’t matter, really, because Kirishima wasn’t looking at him, just nodding along to Bakugou’s words.“They’re doing some sort of dance thing? Like a concert, I guess,” He said. He had a strand of hair between his fingers, twirling it around and around like it was ribbon. His hands, as big as they are, were surprisingly deft. Bakugou wondered sometimes if they were soft; he knew the knuckles were calloused from sparring and using his punching bag barehanded like a dumbass, but what about the palms? The fingertips? “They convinced Jirou to play for it.”“Do I look like I care?” Bakugou asked, too caught up in wondering about Kirishima’s hands to actually sound annoyed. He forgot to sound annoyed a lot around him, actually, but when his voice lost that harsh edge Kirishima always turned towards him with a pleased smile like he was doing now, and Bakugou could never really find it within himself to be bothered by not keeping his image up. It was hard to be face to face with Kirishima’s smile and to feel anything but a lazy warmth unfurl from your chest.“It’ll be cool though, to see what our classmates can do,” Kirishima said. His smile softened, going from the toothy grin to a close-mouthed one. Bakugou had the tendency to think bigger is better, whether it comes to explosions or food, but he couldn’t find a preference within Kirishima’s smiles. The closed-mouth ones still stretched from cheek to cheek, still crinkled his wide garnet-colored eyes around the edges, and they still made Bakugou feel warm and satisfied to know that they were directed towards him. “Mina is gonna teach everyone to dance.”“Not everyone.” Bakugou snorted, and Kirishima’s smile twitched just a little bit wider. He was already turned towards Bakugou, but now he shifted in the bed so he was properly facing him. He put his elbows on his knees and cushioned his face in his hands, his teeth making a reappearance in his smile. Bakugou felt like he was being examined under a microscope and was suddenly self conscious of how he might look right now, with half of his hair flattened from where he had been laying against the pillow and the other half messier than usual, and what the fuck was with that shit? Bakugou had never, in his entire life, been worried about whether or not he looked good. He  knew  he did.But did that really apply when you had been sleeping for three hours?“I bet you can already dance great, Blasty,” Kirishima said. The admiration in his eyes were too much, and Bakugou had to glance away lest his heart try to make a run for it out of his chest. This really wasn’t fucking fair, this effect that Kirishima had on him. He didn’t even know why he cared so much; Kirishima was dumb, too trusting, and too loud. He worried too much about other people, and Bakugou shouldn’t respect anyone who couldn’t see the value in themselves.But Kirishima also threw himself into everything he did with such a fierce determination he put Bakugou’s usual intensity to shame. He was steadfast, unwavering, even when he was scared. The other side of his trust was his loyalty that, once you earned it, you didn’t lose it, even if you were unworthy of it like Bakugou was. He was the first person to really respect Bakugou, not just admire his abilities. He was a warm person, the kind that made it hard to be grumpy around, and his enthusiasm was endearing.And damn, Bakugou wasn’t an idiot. He knew he was crushing on the redhead, which was stupid because one, since when has people like Bakugou ever had crushes, and two, he wasn’t even a  natural  redhead!There was a little sigh, and Bakugou brought his eyes back to Kirishima’s face. The other boy’s smile had collapsed into something more wistful and sad. Bakugou immediately sat up because he knew this face, damn it, and he wasn’t going to have Kirishima doubting himself on Bakugou’s bed, of all places. He grabbed Kirishima's (pretty) face in his hands and glared at the other boy, who was just staring at him wide-eyed and slack jawed.“No,” He barked, and Kirishima blinked at him, his long lashes fluttering against his cheekbones. Bakugou swallowed and forced himself to focus on Kirishima’s irises. “You will  not  be doing that self-pitying bullshit in here.”Kirishima closed his mouth and frowned at Bakugou, his eyes going from shocked to sad. “Bakugou -”“No,” Bakugou said, and he breathed out once, twice, letting out the frustration and the little twinge of panic that had appeared once he saw that look on Kirishima’s face. He inched his fingers into Kirishima’s hairline, letting the tips slide through the silky strands and curl in there, just a little bit of self-indulgent pressure. “What made this bullshit flare up?”And maybe it wasn’t the most sensitive way to ask someone what was wrong, but it worked well enough with Kirishima.“It’s just!” He started, and dear god, his eyes looked wet. If he started crying, Bakugou might explode something. Or start crying himself. He honestly didn’t know which would be worse. “Everybody has such cool hobbies. Satou and Aoyama bake, Jirou plays like  every  instrument, Ashido dances, and you cook and go mountain climbing. You’re all just so talented, and I don’t really do anything.”Bakugou breathed through his nose, because his initial reaction was to yell. He knew this was the wrong reaction, so he took that second to just breathe. He pulled one hand away from where it had been holding Kirishima’s face and held it out between them, holding out four fingers.“Well, one, that is like four fucking people out of a class of  twenty, so it isn’t everybody.” Kirishima made an annoyed whining noise, so Bakugou hurried along because that had, apparently, not been the right way to go about this. “Two, instead of bitching about not having a hobby, wouldn’t the - for fuck’s sake -  manly  thing to do be getting one?”Kirishima blinked at him again, and then it was like flipping a switch. One second his eyes were wet, those old feelings of inadequacy creeping back on him, then the next they had dried, a hot flicker of determination chasing that darkness away. Bakugou had seen it more than once, when Kirishima decided to cut the shit and throw himself into whatever needed to be done, but he had never been so close to him before, never saw it so personally. He forgot how to breath for a second, mesmerized by Kirishima’s eyes. Theirs were so similar, the same shade, but his could never compare to the fire in the other boy’s.“You’re right, Bakugou,” Kirishima said, and his voice was too loud and too enthusiastic; it should be smothering Bakugou but instead his heart started to race, caught up in the determination in his voice. “Man, I forget how smart you are sometimes.”“I  tutor  you, dumbass!” Bakugou pointed out, and Kirishima laughed. He reached up and curled his fingers around Bakugou’s hand, and, oh, he had still been holding Kirishima’s face. Bakugou's face felt like it was on fire, and he wanted to pull his hand away, but the other boy leaned into his palm and ran his thumb over Bakugou’s knuckles. The blond felt lightheaded.“That wasn’t what I meant dude,” he said, humming a little. His eyes were so warm, and a smile he had been fighting had stretched across his entire face, and Bakugou legitimately felt like he might pass out or melt in the moment. His heart was hammering in his chest and he had to force himself to breathe through his nose. “I forget that you’re really good at helping me with things like this. Thanks, man.”Bakugou did snatch his hand away then, and Kirishima laughed. He pushed himself away from the redhead, feeling overstimulated and oversensitive. He refused to look at him, not sure if his poor, underused heart could take it. Instead, he groused and hunched his shoulders around his ears. “I’m fucking not, you’re just a fucking idiot.”“Sure,” Kirishima said good-naturedly, and Bakugou crossed his arms with a huff, trying to curl tighter against himself. “But that’s why I need you, right?”Bakugou didn’t know how he was going to survive high school. Forget being the number one hero, fighting villains; he couldn't even fight off the stupid, hopeless crush he had on his best friend, and because of it he was going to have a heart attack and die at the ripe old age of sixteen. Damn it.  Damn it.He had never been more frustrated in his entire life.“I have an idea!” Kirishima said, the bed springs creaking just a little bit when he stood. Bakugou still kept his eyes averted, but his body was turned towards Kirishima and he hoped the redhead understood that meant that he was listening.Then, suddenly, Kirishima was inches from his face and  dear god  why didn’t he understand that Bakugou needed  space? “Why don’t you teach me how to dance?”“What?” Bakugou croaked out, to his embarrassment. Kirishima just grinned at him, the stupid fucker, and stepped out to the middle of Bakugou’s room. He held his hand out, and Bakugou glared at the offending appendage. “Why the fuck would I do that?”“To help out your best friend!” Kirishima said cheerily. He had no idea what he did to Bakugou, did he? He had no idea how irresistible those bright, shiny eyes and blinding grin was, did he? Bakugou hunched in on himself more, feeling his self control being leached away the longer he looked at his friend.“Fuck no,” he growled. Kirishima put his hands on his hips and stuck out his bottom lip. He was pouting, dear god, and Bakugou’s eyes were drawn immediately to it. His own lips tingled, and the want to kiss Kirishima was suddenly very, very overwhelming.“Please?” Kirishima said, and Bakugou felt all of his self control crumple. He threw his duvet back aggressively and basically vaulted from his bed. Kirishima wisely stepped out of his way, his eyes following him curiously as he went to go root through a box in his closet. It was full of miscellaneous stuff, things he might need at some point but ones that didn’t have an actual place in his room. He pulled out a small bluetooth speaker, and sat it on his desk.“I don’t know why you’re fucking asking me to teach you,” He muttered, powering the stupid thing on. He hooked up the charger and snatched his up his phone. “Didn’t you say Raccoon Eyes was gonna be teaching everyone?”“Oh!” There was something about his voice that made Bakugou glance up. A blush was creeping up Kirishima’s neck and his eyes were wide with panic. Bakugou furrowed his brow in confusion, and the other boy looked away, one of his hands going to scratch the back of his neck. “I don’t know; I just don’t want to look like a total  loser  in front of her, I guess.”And oh. Right, of course. Bakugou made a noncommittal sound and turned back to setting up the music. He swallowed around the jagged feeling that had lodged itself in his throat, irritation swirling around in his chest. Of course Kirishima had a crush on Racoon Eyes. Of course. Really, when you thought about it, they were kind of perfect for each other. They were both too loud, and too enthusiastic, and even their fucking hair colors were complementary.Bakugou had no real reason to think that Kirishima was into him, especially not just because Bakugou was head over heels for Kirishima. He had no reason to even think that Kirishima was into men. Even still, the rejection was bitter to the taste and hung uncomfortably in his skin. He had the sudden need to be very, very far away from here. Instead, he tugged a hand through his messy hair and threw his phone on the desk once some random pop music started to flow out of the speaker. It was louder (and sounded better) than his phone’s speaker itself would have, but not loud enough to actually disturb anyone. Not that he  cared, but it was starting to get late and he didn’t go out of his  way  to be inconsiderate.“What-the-fuck-ever,” He muttered before turning towards Kirishima, his eyes focused just over his shoulder. “Let’s get this shit over with.”Kirishima smiled at him again, eagerly stepping closer to Bakugou. He expected it to hurt, for it to pull at the pain in his chest, but it didn’t; Kirishima’s smile warmed him all over like it usually did, and the jagged lump in his throat started to lose some of its sharpness. He sighed, and forced himself into tutor mode.“You’re a guy, so no one is gonna expect a lot out of you,” Bakugou said, turning so he was side to side with Kirishima. “I’m also not gonna be able to teach you a lot of shit in one fucking night, so we’re just gonna focus on making sure you can dance to the beat and don’t look like a complete idiot.”“Sounds good to me!” Kirishima said, grinning widely and flashing him a thumbs up. Bakugou rolled his eyes, but the gesture still tugged at his lips, forcing him to smile for a second before he caught it. He schooled his expression in a scowl, then he turned his head away from Kirishima. He closed his head and listened to the music for the beat, first bobbing his head in time then moving side to side.“You gotta find the beat, like I said.” He looked meaningfully at Kirishima, who was distractedly looking at his feet. He clicked his tongue against his teeth, and the redhead slowly dragged his eyes up to Bakugou’s face. He knew the other teenager was just trying to see what he was doing, but he couldn’t fight the blush that threatened his cheeks. He gritted his teeth and glanced away.“Come on, follow me,” He said, and after a second Kirishima was following him. He nodded his head, and tried to think for a second. He felt so fucking awkward, just swaying back and forth in his room to some shitty pop song with Kirishima. They did that until the song ended. He messed up the beat on the second song on purpose, and when Kirishima followed him he stopped. “Do you hear the beat or are you just doing what I’m doing?”“Um,” Kirishima said, and Bakugou sighed. He moved in front of Kirishima and fixed him with a steely gaze. The redhead noticeably swallowed.“You gotta get the beat by yourself. You can’t fucking copy me forever,” Bakugou said. Kirishima smiled widely at him, and Bakugou could see that familiar teasing glint in his eyes.“What, Bakugou?” He asked, starting to move side to side to the music, just a little offbeat. “You don’t wanna dance with me?”Bakugou scoffed at him. “Not in your fucking dreams, shithead.”Kirishima pouted at him again but Bakugou ignored him this time, focusing instead on teaching. Staying in front of the him, he eventually managed to get Kirishima to move to the beat. The other boy seemed to not be taking this as seriously as he should since he apparently wanted to impress Ashido and kept getting distracted, but once he had loosened up and actually started dancing it didn’t bother Bakugou so much. He wasn’t much for dancing himself, even if he wasn’t bad at it, but he found himself enjoying dancing with Kirishima.He was, like he was with most things, very enthusiastic about dancing. He pumped his fist in the air and shimmied his shoulders, and it was a little clumsy and he occasionally moved off beat, but it was too endearing to actually look bad. When he tried to dance in a circle, he stumbled over his own feet and was off beat for the rest of the song, but Bakugou couldn’t help but grin at him. The bitter feeling from earlier had completely disappeared, and between the beat and Kirishima’s smile, he felt the tension he usually carried around him drain. His heart was racing between the dancing and Kirishima’s smiles, but it made him feel more alive and lighter. It was probably the endorphin rush, but Bakugou thought the fact that Kirishima kept bumping into him as they danced didn’t hurt.Kirishima tried to copy the way that Bakugou swivelled his hips, but he ended up tripping over his own feet and falling hard against Bakugou. He’d blame it on the way he could feel exhilaration thrum through his veins like blood when he, instead of pushing Kirishima away, wrapped his hands around his biceps and held him there while he started laughing. Kirishima tilted his head up, his eyes wide and shiny in the lamplight. His lips parted in a silent ‘oh’, and then he grinned happily at Bakugou.“I think that’s enough for today,” He said, once he had managed to catch his breath. “If you want to learn something fancier than that, you’re gonna have to ask someone else.”Kirishima pulled away a second later, his expression slipping into something more neutral. He carefully pulled his lower lip into his mouth, gently grazing it with the points of his sharp teeth. Bakugou tore his gaze away, sucking in a deep breath, and went to go turn off the music. He pulled the front of his shirt away from his sweaty chest idly while he picked his phone up, his mind drifting back to the way Kirishima had felt against him.When a hand landed on his arm, he nearly jumped out of his skin.“Sorry, sorry!” Kirishima said, quickly pulling away with his hands up when Bakugou rounded on him. He smiled sheepishly, and then his hand was up to scratch at the back of his neck. Bakugou turned a little more fully towards him, wondering what was making him nervous.“Um,” He started, and the blush that creeped up his face was so dark that he could see it in the dim lighting. “I - there is something else, I was wondering if, that we could do?”“Out with it, Kirishima. I want to get back to bed,” Bakugou drawled, not willing to admit that he didn’t want him to leave yet. Kirishima pulled that lip into his mouth again, and Bakugou wondered if those teeth were as sharp as they looked if he wasn’t cutting himself. Kirishima looked away from him, his hand still curled around the back of his neck.“Well, that isn’t the only kind of dance that people do, you know?” Kirishima said slowly“At concerts?” Bakugou said, frowning. “I mean, other than like, a fucking mosh pit, that was pretty much it.”“I don’t mean at concerts,” Kirishima said. He still wasn’t look at Bakugou, but even still Bakugou could tell that he was starting to panic. “I mean - what if Jirou plays a slow song?”He wasn’t asking what Bakugou thought he was asking, was he? “Why the fuck would she play a slow song at a concert?”“Because. . it’s kind of like a school dance?”“Kirishima, do you mean like a  slow  dance?” Bakugou asked, and Kirishima looked up towards the ceiling desperately. Bakugou’s heart started racing again, and he curled his fist tighter around his phone. “No.” “Please?” Kirishima asked, finally turning his face back towards Bakugou. He was grimacing, his face was as red as his hair, and his eyes were pleading. Bakugou looked away, because if he kept looking he’d say yes and that was a very bad idea. A very, very bad idea because Kirishima didn’t realize that Bakugou was head over heels for him and if they  slow danced  Bakugou didn’t know if his heart would ever be able to recover. Not from his proximity, not from the longing, not from this stupid bullshit crush.“Fuck no,” He bit out, but his brain had already started imagining it and he was feeling light headed again. Kirishima was suddenly right beside him, his hand wrapped around his shoulder and his face only inches away. Bakugou’s eyes slid closed, and he had to force himself to breath again.“Please, Bakugou?” Kirishima pleaded, and once again, Bakugou’s resolve began to flow out of him. He breathed for another minute, and he hoped he looked pissed off instead of like he was about to faint because he could smell Kirishima’s shampoo from here and he probably used something made for women because it smelled like strawberries and he really thought he might fucking pass out if he couldn’t get himself under control.“Fucking  fine,” He muttered, and pushed Kirishima off of him. He covered his face in his hands because he was an  idiot. A big, huge, fucking idiot who was in love with his best friend who he was about to teach to  slow dance  in case their classmate plays a fucking slow dance song at a fucking concert, so his best friend could dance with some fucking pink skinned freak.Deep breath. In, out. He could do this. He was Bakugou fucking Katsuki, and he could fucking do this.He didn’t know how to waltz or anything fancy like that, but he got the gist of what was expected out of high school slow dancing. He angrily turned on slower music. He stomped angrily in Kirishima’s direction, who was standing there bewildered like he couldn’t believe what was happening. Bakugou snorted, because why had he asked if he didn’t actually think it was going to happen?“We fucking doing this or what?” He asked with more confidence than he felt. Kirishima nodded after a second and then awkwardly held his arms out, as if he was going to hug Bakugou, then faltered. Bakugou realized that he had no idea what he was doing, so after a second he directed Kirishima’s hands for him.“I’m gonna lead first, okay?” He laid Kirishima’s hands on his shoulders, and then wrapped his own around Kirishima’s waist. He wondered if Kirishima could hear his heartbeat - he certainly could. He swallowed thickly and looked over Kirishima’s head at the wall behind him.”Then we can switch, and you can try leading?”“Why do I need to learn how to lead?” Kirishima asked, and he was so close,  so close. All he could smell was strawberries, all he could feel was Kirishima’s hands searing against the thin fabric of his sleep shirt, all he could see was red, red,  red. “Because if you’re gonna dance with a  girl, dumbass, they’re going to expect you to lead,” He managed to somehow say. Kirishima was too far away, and Bakugou’s arms were stretched out too far. He grit his teeth, then curled his fingers into the fabric of Kirishima’s shirt and tugged at him.“You’re too fucking far away,” He muttered. Kirishima let out a little  ‘oh’, but then he was stepping closer, his arms slipping around Bakugou’s neck, and Bakugou’s heart skipped a beat. He kept his hands were they were on Kirishima’s waist, and then he slowly started to lead them to the beat of the music.Bakugou closed his eyes and counted the seconds in his head. He figured that one song would be long enough, right? Because one part of him was  thrilled  that Kirishima was so close to him, overtaking his senses the way he was. The other part of him was terrified, and having Kirishima so close and yet so far was painful. Bakugou had been fighting this crush so fucking hard, but right now he knew he should just throw the towel in. If his crush was based on something insubstantial like how attractive Kirishima was (oh, and he was so very,  very  attractive) he would have probably been able to kick it, but no. Kirishima had to be a fucking wonderful person, who probably saw through all of Bakugou’s bullshit better than Bakugou did, and yet he still came back time and time again. He made Bakugou feel like he, Bakugou the person, was more important than what he could do, and Bakugou couldn’t remember the last time he had a relationship based on anything other than the other person’s admiration for his power and the way that stroked Bakugou’s ego. Bakugou was at a disadvantage  here, and he was surprisingly okay with that. He was okay with knowing he’d always give in to Kirishima, because Kirishima deserved that. So, he knew that as long as Kirishima was Kirishima, he’d be in love with him. And it  sucked  knowing that, being this close, and knowing yet that he would never have Kirishima.“Hey, Blasty,” Kirishima called softly, and Bakugou wrenched his eyes open to look at him. He had pulled away so that he could meet Bakugou’s gaze, and his garnet eyes were shiny with concern. “You okay?”“Fucking peachy,” Bakugou grit out, but then he sighed. He might never have Kirishima, that much was true, but he’d have  this if he would stop freaking out. It was getting late, nobody would be around to stop them, and it was easy to pretend that nothing existed outside of the warm light of Bakugou’s lamp. Maybe tomorrow he’d wake up and he’d still have a stupid, hopeless crush on Kirishima, but today, right now, he could have this.He stopped holding Kirishima stiffly around the waist and relaxed into him, his hands sliding to rest on the small of the other boy’s back. Kirishima peered up at him curiously, a light that Bakugou couldn’t understand entering his eyes. He pressed one of those searing hot hands against Bakugou’s neck, and he let himself lean into it, just a little.“I’m fine.” He said a second later, actually sounding a bit more like it was the truth. Kirishima nodded, but his eyes were still fixed on Bakugou’s face. Now that he had made eye contact again, he was having a hard time looking away; for the most part, Kirishima’s face was thrown into shadows by Bakugou’s body, but his eyes shined even through that darkness. When they’d turn their sides to the lamp, light would catch them, and Bakugou’s breath would get knocked out of him each time. It felt like such a silly comparison, but it literally looked like someone was shining little flashlights through garnets, each different facet shining brilliantly depending on where you held the flashlight.When Kirishima started fingering the small hairs at the nape of Bakugou’s neck, he thought he might literally die.“I wonder why people like slow dancing so much,” He said conversationally. There was a certain quality to his voice that made Bakugou feel like he was being lead somewhere, but he couldn’t follow that train of thought because Kirishima’s hand was sliding into his hair.“Proximity,” he choked out, not really paying attention to the conversation. Kirishima tugged lightly, almost experimentally, on Bakugou's hair and his eyes fluttered shut for a second. When he opened them, he suddenly noticed that Kirishima was much closer than he had realized, their noses only mere centimeters from each other. He wouldn't even have to step forward to kiss him. He'd just have to lean his neck out and then suddenly, their lips would be pressed together. Bakugou's eyes dropped down to Kirishima's mouth, and he found that he couldn't quite tear his eyes away.“It’s also probably easier to kiss people while slow dancing than normal dancing,” Kirishima said nonchalantly, and Bakugou’s world narrowed down to the two of them. He dragged his eyes up to Kirishima’s, but the redhead wasn’t looking at his eyes either. Bakugou opened his mouth slightly, but then closed it, his throat feeling dry. Had he just been caught? He had been pretty blatant, hadn’t he been?“Kirishima -” He managed to croak out, but the rest of the sentence died in his throat because the hand in his hair was suddenly pushing against his head, and Kirishima was leaning in and then Kirishima was kissing  him and Bakugou felt like he might actually already be dead.He had never kissed anyone before. He hadn’t ever thought about what he expected a first kiss to be like.Kirishima’s lips were soft and  hot  against his, searing in the same way that his hands had been. They were just barely there, just a soft brush of skin against skin, his breath hot on Bakugou’s face, but it seemed like a lightning storm had started at his lips and spread throughout his body, knocking the wind out of him and short-circuiting his brain. His entire body froze, and his heart beat in his ears was the only thing he could hear.Then it was over, because for some reason Kirishima was pulling away, and the look on his face was tragic, confusion and regret heavy in his features. He started apologizing, going on about reading the moment wrong, but Bakugou wasn’t really processing what he was saying because Kirishima had just  kissed  him and he also wasn’t  still kissing  him and he didn’t understand why. Kirishima tried to pull away, but Bakugou kept him close with his arms around the redhead’s waist, and then he slid one hand up to Kirishima’s head and held him still while he ducked in and kissed him again.His kiss was more purposeful, less tentative. Kirishima inhaled sharply through his nose, but then he melted in Bakugou’s arms, his hand finding it’s place back in Bakugou’s hair and his other arm wrapping around his neck. It was a simple kiss, a chaste kiss, but it was Kirishima and Bakugou was kissing Kirishima and Kirishima was kissing him back. Bakugou didn’t know if he was going to start crying or throw up, but he was suddenly feeling a lot and all over the place when Kirishima leaned up into the kiss, his lips sliding solidly against his. His world narrowed down to them, back lit by his bedroom lamp, and nothing else in the world.When they pulled away the second time, Bakugou wrapped his arms tightly around Kirishima and he buried his face in the redhead’s neck. Kirishima chuckled, and then he started swaying slowly to the soft piano music that played in the background. All Bakugou could smell was strawberries, all he could feel was Kirishima pressed against him, and he didn’t think he had ever been happier in his life. Kirishima kept running his hand through Bakugou's hair, and he melted into the touch."I was so scared that you'd reject me," Kirishima said, his voice low and directly in his ear. Bakugou didn't understand, couldn't understand, because he knew just how much he had been into Kirishima. It was hard to have that knowledge and to reconcile it with the idea of Bakugou rejecting Kirishima. He didn't really know how to say that, though, so he clung tightly to the back of Kirishima's shirt and bumped his nose against Kirishima's neck."You're a fucking idiot," He murmured, deciding that would be succinct enough. Kirishima laughed, pleased and happy and it was like a warm blanket for Bakugou's soul."Sure," He agreed amicably. "But that's why I need you, right?"



Afterword


End Notes
Kirishima's thoughts when Bakugou asked why he wasn't just letting Mina teach him: Crap, crap I forgot about that I need an excuse crap crap crap it is definitely not because I'm totally crushing on you no way man. Inspired by today's chapter and TheMegalodonBitesBack's post on tumblr, and just like, the sappiest feelings you've ever had.I was just taking a little break from Worst Kept, but I promise we will be back to our regular scheduled programming soon :) Fanart! Tumblr plug.


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



