



Ice and Fire - orphan_account - Pu falsehiroakademia
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Ice and Fire
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/11422578.
  


Rating:
General Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
僕のヒーローアカデミア | Boku no Hero Academia | My Hero Academia
Relationship:
Midoriya Izuku/Todoroki Shouto
Character:
Todoroki Shouto, Midoriya Izuku
Additional Tags:
How Do I Tag, everyone low-key ships tododeku, a teeny bit of bakushima, Cute puppies, Beaches, kacchan swears, class 1-a - Freeform, Sleeping Under The Stars, some violence, nothing graphic, hospitals and paralyzed vocal chords, ice cream jokes, Truth or Dare, sharing memories, Flowers, Fluff and Angst, uraraka is cute
Stats:

        Published: 2017-07-06
          Completed: 2017-07-12
          Chapters: 7/7
        Words: 10240
      

Ice and Fire
by orphan_account
Summary
1. He didn't really think this through. With Midoriya beaming at him like he was the sun itself while holding a puppy in his arms...What else was he supposed to do?2. The entire class paused and turned to stare at the sight. They waited with baited breath for Todoroki to rise and Midoriya to face judgement.3. “You must have chaos within you to give rise to a dancing star,” he quoted. “Friedrich Nietzsche. I think he’s right. Nothing beautiful comes without pain, right?”4. “You have to stay awake.” His voice was much more insistent, causing Midoriya to pause. “Just look at me, stay with me Midoriya.” He sounded panicked.Midoriya didn’t like a panicked Todoroki.5. The door shut and a laugh resounded through the room.“Let’s play truth or dare!”6. “I owe you a lot,” he admitted quietly. “I guess that makes you important in my memories, right?”7. She watched as Midoriya pulled the lily she had seen earlier out of his pocket and reach up to tuck it into Todoroki’s hair. His face was fond and affectionate, pushing back a few strands of white hair to slip it in into the crook of Todoroki’s ear so it would stay.
Notes
This is for TodoDeku week! The first prompt is First Impressions. “Compassion for animals is intimately connected with goodness of character; and it may be confidently asserted that he who is cruel to animals cannot be a good man or woman.” -Arthur SchopenhauerThis has not been edited, so if there are any mistakes, please let me know!




First Impressions



Midoriya was an…interesting individual.
He didn’t think much of him at first. At an initial glance, he appeared rather weak and he cowered under Bakugou’s explosive temper. He became incoherent and flustered when Uraraka spoke to him, and Iida overpowered him with his voice alone.
What could he think of someone who had no power? He was, after all, taught to only seek strength and nothing else.
This all changed quickly.
All Might had become their teacher, and he was thrilled. It was his chance to study the number one hero up close and discover his weakness. He didn’t need his father’s help to win.
Then came Midoriya and Bakugou. His thoughts completely flew away from All Might as he watched the hero and villain exercise.
It seemed the latter held some grudge against the other, as his actions were rather vicious and very…villainous. It was almost cruel how he beat upon the other, and he wondered why Midoriya didn’t fight back.
Well, he often flinched whenever Bakugou spoke to him…so perhaps this was normal?
Irritation filled him. What kind of aspiring hero beat upon others? His opinion of Bakugou was reversed immediately, even if he had gained semi-respect for control over his power at the least.
He watched as the rest of the fight unfolded, with the hero team winning by a landslide. His eyes focused on Midoriya, who was laying on the floor, out of commission.
At least they won, right?
Some part of him frowned upon his victory. As Yaoyorozu explained why Iida was the best player, he had his own thoughts forming.
If you only sacrificed yourself like that, then what? In the case that this had been a real-life situation and Midoriya died, then it would be over for him. He’d be gone, drifting into another world (he wouldn’t be in hell at least, he’d definitely make it to heaven with those looks of his…Was that supposed to be a reassurance to himself?).
He had a little bit of respect for Midoriya, at least. He hadn’t pulled his quirk against Bakugou, knowing it would have seriously injured him. His team had managed to win against all odds, in the strangest way possible. Clearly, he was a smart thinker and analyzer.
Maybe he could have Midoriya analyze his quirk someday…
A-anyways, Midoriya wasn’t as wimpy as he initially thought. If he ever gained control of his quirk and managed to stop injuring himself, he would make a good partner.
 
Midoriya was terrified.
His class was intimidating. The initial excitement from discovering that Eraserhead was their teacher had faded, and now he was internally deflating.
He was the only one who couldn’t properly use his quirk.
It put him at a disadvantage, and he envied those with complete control. Really, a broken arm (or finger) hurt. Not that he would stop using his quirk entirely, but he could live without breaking another limb or two.
Not to mention, there were too many people who were way too powerful.
Like Todoroki Shouto.
His half-half coloring had thrown him for a loop at first. His notebook sat itching in his pocket, and he desperately wanted to pull it out and start analyzing his quirk.
When Todoroki gave him a strange look, he realized he was muttering and he snapped his mouth shut and whipped his head away.  
He had first come off as cold and disinterested in everyone. Once Midoriya had realized that Todoroki was the son of Endeavor, he wasn’t sure how to feel. On one hand, he wasn’t particularly fond of Endeavor. There was a reason why All Might was his favorite. But on the other side, he knew parents didn’t reflect their children.
After all, where was his own dad?
Much to his disappointment, he hadn’t been able to watch anyone else during their class with All Might, as he had been sent off to Recovery Girl right away. He had still been able to observe, and was currently going over all the notes he had made back then.
He scuffed at the rocks on the ground with his shoe as he sat on a bench making corrections to his notes until he heard a small whine nearby.
His head turned towards the noise and put his notebook away before following the sound. It led him to an alley. He stopped in front of a box and knelt down in front of it, debating whether he should open the folds or not. After a second, he reached down and opened the box.
Inside was a little puppy, curled up into a small ball. It’s fur had clumped up dirt and mud dried in it, and it was whining continuously. He reached in and gently picked it up, murmuring reassuring words.
It opened its eyes and peered up at him before nuzzling into his arms. He knew right there that he needed to take care of it for a little while.
 
Todoroki did not want to go home. He had taken a detour and was now wandering rather aimlessly, stalling for as much time as he could afford. An ice cream shop had just passed his vision when he spotted a familiar mop of head turning the corner.
Why was Midoriya entering an alley? It seemed slightly suspicious, so he followed and hid behind the wall to observe.
He started when he saw that Midoriya was holding…a puppy?
That image should not have done the things it did to his heart. His stomach starting doing flips as he watched Midoriya cuddling it close. He stepped back and cursed when he stepped on a twig.
Really, why now of all times?
Midoriya’s head snapped up towards him. “Todoroki?” He asked, standing up and walking towards him. His heart jumped.
“Hi,” he said shortly, hoping his nerves didn’t show. “What are you doing here?”
“I found this puppy,” he responded, looking down at the bundle in his arms. “It looked kind of sad, so I wanted to clean it up.”
He suddenly perked up. “Want to join me?” He asked eagerly. “We don’t have school tomorrow, so you can come stay at my house.” He suddenly spluttered to a stop. “O-only if you want to though,”
He didn't really think this through. With Midoriya beaming at him like he was the sun itself while holding a puppy in his arms...
What else was he supposed to do?
“I guess,” he shrugged and then swallowed. His throat was really, really dry.
Midoriya smiled brightly before leading the way back to his home. He chattered all the way, spouting out information about their classmates and the different theories he had, and Todoroki found that…he didn’t mind it that much.
He normally disliked people speaking so much to him, silence was much preferable.
“We’re here!” Midoriya announced, stopping in front of a cozy, small home. “Sorry, I tend to talk a lot,” he apologized, looking sheepish.
“It’s okay. I don’t mind.”
 
Midoriya laughed as the puppy splashed water at him while yipping. “Oh no you don’t,” he grinned before splashing him back, sticking his tongue out as the puppy yelped and ducked away.
Todoroki only watched. The two of them were just too cute, and often he felt a smile creeping onto his face.
So maybe his first impression of Midoriya hadn’t been quite accurate. He was more than the initial wimpy and weak kid he had seen. He was determined, and a lot more kind than he had given him credit for. He could see how compassionate he was, in both heroics and regular life.
“Todoroki!” He glanced over, only to see Midoriya gesture expectantly at him. “Come on! He wants to meet you!” The puppy had its tongue hanging out of its-no, his mouth.
He stared at Midoriya who only latched onto his arm and tugged him over. He nearly fell into the bucket but managed to steady himself by grabbing onto Midoriya’s shoulder at the last second.
“Sorry,” he muttered as he suddenly found himself with a face full of puppy. Before he knew it, he was laughing.
 
Midoriya’s eyes were huge. He had never seen Todoroki laugh so openly like his. Granted, most of their time together was in class studying, but it warmed his heart to see him smiling.
He managed to pull the puppy off of his face before grinning. “You’re laugh is so nice Todoroki!” He patted the puppy on the head. “Good job,” he praised.
Todoroki looked flustered at the sudden attention and the compliment. The puppy only jumped back at him, escaping from Midoriya’s clutches.
“It seems to like you,” Midoriya commented, brushing the dirt off his clothes self-consciously. Maybe Todoroki wasn’t as cold and uncaring as he originally appeared?
Seeing him smile fondly and play with the puppy completely ruined his first impression of him. Todoroki was very straightforward and had his goals, he knew for sure. But he hadn’t realized there was a much softer side to the half-half boy, a loving and caring side to him as well.
Maybe he had been too quick to judge.
He laughed at his own thoughts before pouring the whole bucket of water over the pair. They both threw him murderous looks before Todoroki turned the hose on and sprayed him down. The puppy ran around their legs, barking playfully at the two of them.
He could confidently say that this had turned out to be a successful day.



Freezing Water
Chapter Summary
The entire class paused and turned to stare at the sight. They waited with baited breath for Todoroki to rise and Midoriya to face judgement. A second later, Todoroki surfaced. His wet hair covered his eyes, and revenge was promised on his face.
Chapter Notes
Day two's prompt is the beach.
“Some things are destined to be-it just takes us a couple of tries to get there.” -J.R.Ward, Lover Mine



Midoriya stretched his arms. It was sunny, warm, and the beach seemed to sparkle under the sunlight.
“Come on!” Kirishima started sprinting towards the water. “I’ll beat you there, Midoriya!”
“Hey!” He yelped, nearly tripping over his own feet. “That’s not fair!” Nonetheless, he grinned as he ran to catch up with Kirishima.
They whooped as they jumped in the water, causing a large splash that showered several of their classmates.
“What’s your fucking problem?!” Bakugou screeched, only to realize it was Kirishima. Immediately, he backed down from blowing up the ocean to just a glare.
(“He’s so whipped,” Uraraka whispered to Asui, who nodded as she shook water out of her hair.)
“Sorry Kacchan,” Midoriya called sheepishly which only ignited more swearing and explosions nearby. He shoved Kirishima towards Bakugou before swimming off in the other direction, for the sake of his own health.
Kaminari waved from where he sat on the beach and Midoriya waved back. “Why aren’t you in the water?” He asked curiously.
“If I stepped in,” he grimaced, “I would electrocute everyone. Ask Kirishima.” Kirishima, who was currently trying to throw Bakugou in the water, paused and cursed as Kacchan got the upper hand against him.
“I remember that,” he gasped once he got out of the water. “I was traumatized for days. I made him buy me ice cream for an entire month.”
“It wasn’t my fault,” Kaminari argued back, crossing his arms petulantly. “I didn’t even know my quirk had manifested at that time!”
Midoriya only watched in amusement as the two started bickering, Kirishima abandoning Bakugou in favor of arguing with Kaminari. Was…was that a pout on his face?
No way. Kacchan did not pout.
(“Do you think we should intervene?” Uraraka asked anxiously. “We might get kicked out of the beach if Bakugou acts up!” 

“I think we should leave it-ribbit. Kirishima will come back eventually. Probably.”


“What’s that supposed to mean?!”)

He swam out a little further, enjoying the feel of the sun on his face. He had no doubt that he’d be covered in even more freckles by the end of the day, but he couldn’t find it in himself to care.
“Boo.”
He shrieked and submerged, flailing as he went under. A few seconds later, his head popped out of the water and he squinted. There was no one.
“Hagakure-san,” he smiled innocently. “Is that you over there?” There was no answer but he saw the water shift a few feet away from him, so he lunged and met something solid.
“Ack!” There was a large splash and he laughed triumphantly. Sero swam by and grinned at the scene.
“Midoriya, you do realize that Hagakure isn’t actually wearing anything?”
Once he realized that yes, Hagakure was essentially naked, he turned a beet red and started apologizing frantically. She tried fruitlessly to calm him down, saying that yes, it was okay because he wasn’t Mineta, he was totally pure and she had started the whole mess. Only after Sero taped his mouth shut did he calm down. He removed it and gave Sero a look, who only smiled sheepishly at him.  
(“That’s not fair!” Mineta wailed. “Why does Midoriya get all the luck?” 

Yaoyorozu whacked him on the head.)

Ashido swam up to him and punched his shoulder. “Midoriya, I have a dare for you,” she grinned. He gave her a wary look.
“See Todoroki?” At the moment, the said boy was laying on a towel, close to the shoreline. “I dare you to throw him in. A lot of people have tried to get him in, but they all failed.”
She was right. He saw that Kaminari and Kirishima were frozen together by the wrists, while Kirishima was trying to stop Bakugou from blowing the ice off (“You’re going to blow off our arms,” Kaminari protested loudly, looking frantic as ever. “Do you think I fucking care?!” He snarled back at him. Was it just Midoriya's imagination, or was he particularly aiming at Kaminari?...)
“A lot counts as Kirishima and Kaminari?” He asked skeptically. Ashido shrugged.
“I tried.”
Midoriya sighed. “If I turn into a human popsicle, you better call the ambulance for me,” he informed her. She nodded excitedly. “And you owe me three favors,” he added.
“Of course! Go get him, Deku!” She cheered, referring to his hero name. He shook his head at her antics before heading back towards the shore.
“Todoroki!” He called, waving. The said boy looked up and offered a small wave himself.
“Midoriya,” he acknowledged. “Do you need something?”
“Nope. Just came to see what you were doing.” He sat down next to the pale boy, sifting the sand with his hands.
“Aren’t you going to swim?” He asked curiously. Though his mission was to toss him in the water, there was most likely a reason he wasn’t going in, right?
He gave a dismissive wave. “I didn’t quite feel like getting wet,” he admitted. “I believe it’s much preferable to sit and enjoy the sun.”
“You’re in the shade,” he deadpanned.
“Scenery then.”
Midoriya gave him a broad, innocent smile. “I hope you don’t mind me doing this.”
With a swift movement, he stood up and lifted Todoroki up. He yelped and his hands automatically wrapped around the other’s neck as he was lifted bridal style. Midoriya sprinted towards the water and without a second thought, threw Todoroki in.
The entire class paused and turned to stare at the sight. They waited with baited breath for Todoroki to rise and Midoriya to face judgement.
A second later, Todoroki surfaced. His wet hair covered his eyes, and revenge was promised on his face.

“Midoriya.” 

The said boy screeched as he was suddenly doused in fucking ice-cold water that definitely wasn’t from the ocean and gave Todoroki an indignant look.
“Did you really have to do that?!” Another yell escaped him as he was pulled into the ocean and dunked under.
“I will have my revenge,” Todoroki hissed once Midoriya resurfaced. There was a playful gleam in his eye, letting him know Todoroki wasn’t too mad.
But it was probably safer to run, right?
He spent the rest of the day laughing as he evaded Todoroki and his freezing water. And if he secretly enjoyed Todoroki’s soft smile more than anything else…
Well, that was only for him to know.

(“Our mission was a success!” Ashido cheered, Uraraka shushing her. 


“Shhh! They’ll hear us!” 


“They’re too busy chasing each other-ribbit.” 


“We’ll get them together soon,” Uraraka vowed, exchanging a grin with Ashido.)




Dancing Stars
Chapter Summary
“You must have chaos within you to give rise to a dancing star,” he quoted. “Friedrich Nietzsche. I think he’s right. Nothing beautiful comes without pain, right?”
Chapter Notes
Day three: Fear“Sometimes at night I would sleep open-eyed underneath a sky dripping with stars. I was alive then.” -Albert Camus, “Return to Tipas”



Todoroki woke up with a gasp. He was covered in a cold sweat, his eyes wide open with panic. Only once he realized that he was safe in his dorm room did he allow himself to slump over, head in his hands.He sometimes hated sleeping at night. Dreams did not plague him often, but the few days it did, he absolutely despised it.Sleep would not favor him for the next few days.After he felt considerably calmer, he quietly left his bed and exited his room. After checking that no one else was around, he headed for the roof. He had discovered it a while back by accident, and he often escaped there on nights he couldn’t sleep.He pushed the door open to the high rooftop and breathed in fresh air. His mind was already clearing up, and his body relaxed as his eyes closed.“W-who’s there?”His eyes snapped open as he nearly fell from shock. A pair of hands grabbed him and steadied him, pulling him up onto the roof safely.“Midoriya?”“Todoroki?”They gave each other curious glances before Midoriya gave a sheepish laugh. “Sorry, I didn’t expect anyone else up here,” he mumbled before patting the empty space next to him. Todoroki sat down silently.Several minutes passed without the two of them saying a word. They watched the stars in the dark sky, twinkling down at them.“Do you like stars?” Midoriya asked absentmindedly as he laid down, Todoroki soon following him.“I’m don’t particularly have a dislike for them, nor do I favor them. Why?”“I think they’re beautiful,” he reached a hand out as if trying to grab the stars. “At night, the sky would be pitch black without them. An empty void, with nothing to light it up.”“There’s the moon,” Todoroki pointed out. Midoriya turned on his side to face him.“The moon’s like the sun,” he mused. “It stands out, and all the attention is drawn to it. But isn’t it the little ones that count?”Somehow, Todoroki felt that Midoriya wasn’t only talking about the stars.“You must have chaos within you to give rise to a dancing star,” he quoted. “Friedrich Nietzsche. I think he’s right. Nothing beautiful comes without pain, right?”He suddenly blushed. “Sorry,” he squeaked, covering his face. “I’m sure you didn’t come up to listen to me rant about stars.” “Why are you out here?” Todoroki asked softly, ignoring Midoriya’s embarrassment. Midoriya stilled.“I just couldn’t sleep,” he admitted after a moment, uncovering his face. “I like sneaking up here occasionally to sleep with the stars. I used to do it with my mom all the time.”“Oh.”Todoroki had never done anything like this with his mom.A breeze blew by the two of them, causing Midoriya to shiver. “Are you cold?” Todoroki asked.“N-no,” he denied, though he had goosebumps. “I’m perfectly fine.”Knowing that the other wouldn’t give him a straight answer, he tugged him a little closer and pressed his left side to Midoriya. He had terrible temperature perception, due to his quirk, but since Midoriya was clearly cold, he didn’t mind being warm for a little bit.Midoriya flushed a bright red that was concealed by the darkness, but he soon relaxed against Todoroki. It was warm, and he wasn’t about to give up his personal heater.“Why are you out here?” Todoroki stiffened.“…I also had a difficult time sleeping.” Midoriya sensed that there was more than what he was really saying.Something warm clasped Todoroki’s hand. He looked down to see Midoriya lacing their fingers together. “My mom always did this when I had a nightmare,” he offered a sheepish smile. “She’d sit next to me until I fell asleep while holding my hand.”How had he known? He only gripped Midoriya’s hand tighter as he reflected to what he had dreamed about.“I don’t know how much you know about Endeavor,” he finally said, feeling a little vulnerable. “I already told you about my mother and my quirk.” Midoriya nodded, encouraging him to continue.“I was his ideal child. No matter what, he wanted me to pass All Might.” His breath hitched. “I…he trained me intensely,” he finally admitted, “to where I often passed out. He refused to let me visit the hospital, even when I could barely move.”Midoriya didn’t say anything, which make Todoroki nervous. Had he made a mistake in telling him about his fears? Had he implied enough for Midoriya to understand everything?“I could never understand how you feel,” Midoriya finally murmured. “But I’m glad you told me.”Relief filled him.He hadn’t made a mistake.A pair of arms found their way around him, and his head was tucked securely into the crook of Midoriya’s neck. He wasn’t sure how to feel about it, but when he felt something fall down his face, he figured it was okay to be weak just this once.Midoriya remained silent even as his shirt became slightly wet. The silent sky seemed to twinkle down at the pair who remained wrapped around each other, even as the night turned into day. Todoroki stirred. His entire body was stiff, as if he had slept on a hard surface. He nearly sneezed as hair tickled his nose.Wait.That wasn’t his hair.His hair wasn’t even long enough for that.He looked down and realized he Midoriya was still hugging him, but asleep.He had been crying silently and he could tell from his swollen eyes. Somehow, even though his body ached, he felt more well rested than he had ever felt before.Midoriya took that chance to stir. His eyes opened blearily and the roamed around until they focused on Todoroki, who gestured to Midoriya’s arms with his eyes.As if he had been burned, Midoriya yelped and jumped away. His face was a flaming bright red.“Sorry sorry sorry sorry,” he cried. “I didn’t mean to fall asleep like that, I hope I didn’t make you uncomfortable. I’m sure you could have slept better if you went back down to your bed, I kept you up here for so long-““It’s fine,” Todoroki interrupted Midoriya’s long rant. “I didn’t mind. I…” he paused. “I actually slept very well.”Midoriya blinked at him. “If it helped,” he said unsurely, “That’s good, I guess?” He stood up and stretched his limbs out before offering a hand to Todoroki.“Let’s go back.” He took the offered hand without hesitation, and the pair made their way back down only to be pelted with questions.(They had been gone all night, and no one needed to know that Uraraka was cheering with Ashido and Asui in the corner. Nor did anyone need to know that Midoriya would sometimes sneak over to Todoroki’s room, just for a few nights.)



I'll always have your back
Chapter Summary
“You have to stay awake.” His voice was much more insistent, causing Midoriya to pause. “Just look at me, stay with me Midoriya.” He sounded panicked.Midoriya didn’t like a panicked Todoroki.
Chapter Notes
It's technically day four even though its a little past midnight, but I won't have time to post later so here it is. Day four: loyalty“I tried my hardest. I don’t know what else to do.” -The Darjeeling Limited (2007), Dir. Wes Anderson



It hurt. It really hurt.A shuddering breath escaped Midoriya as he closed his eyes, blocking out the rest of the world. He couldn’t really feel his legs and he knew something in his chest was broken (a few ribs, maybe?).He whimpered as pain shot up like spikes through his body. Someone was talking to him, but he couldn’t quite make out what they were saying. He tried to open his eyes.“T-Todoroki?” He mumbled, recognizing the strange coloring of the boy’s hair.“It’s okay. The paramedics are coming, and they’ll patch you right up. Just stay with me, okay?” Todoroki said it was okay, so that meant it was okay to sleep now, right?“You have to stay awake.” His voice was much more insistent, causing Midoriya to pause. “Just look at me, stay with me Midoriya.” He sounded panicked.Midoriya didn’t like a panicked Todoroki.“M’fine,” he slurred, trying to bring a hand up to reassure him. A tight force gripped his hand, stopping his movements.“Don’t move,” Todoroki said, trying to simmer down his frantic tone. “They’re coming, they’re almost here.”Almost as soon as he finished speaking, people rounded the corner. Todoroki stood up in a flash, ready to defend the injured boy, but sagged in relief as he saw the paramedics.“He’s gravely injured! Get a stretcher! Fast!” They hustled into action the moment they saw Midoriya on the ground.“You did great,” one of the women soothed Todoroki, who could only stare at her. “We’ll take care of it from here. Do you want to come with? I’ll make an exception for you.”Todoroki nodded.-----------The day had started simply enough. They had a three-day break, so the two of them had decided to go out for ice cream.Midoriya stifled a laugh as he watched Todoroki eat his ice cream-half strawberry, half vanilla.His was just plain chocolate.“Do you do that on purpose?” He dared to ask, gesturing at Todoroki’s ice cream with his spoon. Todoroki frowned.“What do you mean?” Midoriya managed to keep a straight face.“Your ice cream.” Todoroki looked mildly amused.“It could be.” This time, he couldn’t help it and laughed.“I’ll have you know that my ice cream preferences are perfect the way they are,” he sniffed, but there was a glint in his eyes.“I’m sure,” Midoriya beamed at him.They had just thrown their cups away when a scream resounded nearby. Without sparing each other a glance, they both sprinted towards the sound.There was a woman and a child backed into the corner, surrounded by a group of villains. Midoriya counted and saw there were about eight. Just in case, Midoriya swiped his phone out and texted for backup.“I’ll protect your back,” Midoriya promised, slipping his phone back into his pocket. Todoroki glanced over and gave him a small smile.“I know.”Todoroki stepped forwards and ice shot out from his right foot. It trapped several villains who let out surprised noises and looked back angrily.A fight broke out from there. Much to the duo’s surprise, the villains managed to break out of the ice and faced them straight on. The woman and her child had managed to escape, much to their relief.Now their goal was to try and leave in one piece. They were mediocre, which normally wouldn’t have been a problem, but their sheer numbers created a problem. They had somehow called for reinforcement, and the count grew alarming large.“Are you okay, Todoroki?” Midoriya called, ducking under a pole and swinging his leg outwards. A solid thump let him know he had hit successfully.“Fine,” he answered as a swirl of fire and ice combined. He launched it outwards and it landed solidly.Soon, most of them were down and out. The majority had limped away to lick their wounds and their numbers had finally dwindled down.The two of them had managed to avoid any major wounds, with just a few scratches here and there. Todoroki finished freezing a villain to the ground before standing up.“Todoroki!” Midoriya called, waving from a few feet away. “You okay? Nothing severe?”“I’m perfectly fine,” he responded, stretching out his arms. “They weren’t particularly challenging.”Midoriya opened his mouth to respond, only freezing when he saw a shadow looming behind Todoroki. “Look out!” He screamed, causing Todoroki to turn around. He saw something heading straight for him, but he didn’t have enough time to react-Time seemed to slow down.His eyes widened as something pushed him over. He fell onto his knees, and whirled his head back in a panic. There was a loud crash nearby, and his breath hitched as he saw Midoriya slam unforgivingly into the wall. He slid down to the ground and remained unmoving.He saw red.“He went down easier than I thought,” the villain snickered, shaking his hand out. “I’m guessing he’s going to be out of commission for quite a while.”“How dare you,” he snarled, standing back up. “I assure you, this will be your last day out in freedom.”“Do you know what my quirk is?” He laughed. “I release pure force from my hands. There is nothing that I cannot get through. In fact,” he gestured to Midoriya’s unconscious body, “I’m amazed that he was able to take a blow like that. Normal people would have blown apart in an instant. You should be grateful he isn’t a pile of flesh and guts,” he chided condescendingly.A cold wind rushed by him and ice erupted from the ground. The villain screeched in alarm as he was suddenly forced back and pinned against the wall, his palms frozen outward.“If your hands are required to use your quirk,” Todoroki stepped forward, his voice icy and sharp, “Then I just have to stop you from using your hands.” The villain swore and cursed at him as he tried to escape, his hands in a position where they could hit nothing but air.Now that he was out of the way, Todoroki knelt by Midoriya’s side. He was still breathing, to his relief, but there was blood trickling down his head and he was sure that there was internal bleeding.How had their day gone so wrong?Todoroki waited anxiously outside the surgery room. The light was still on, and Midoriya had been in surgery for approximately three hours now.He was pacing, as he couldn’t find it in himself to sit still. His hands were clenched tight, and he tried to force them to relax. Being angry wouldn’t help now, not when he was praying Midoriya would be alright.“Todoroki!” His head snapped up as he saw Uraraka and a few other classmates approach him. She looked close to tears and he didn’t know what to say.“Is Midoriya all right?” Asui was holding on tightly to Uraraka’s hand, most likely to provide comfort. Todoroki only felt numb as he pointed towards the surgery sign.Kirishima looked downtrodden but he attempted a smile. “He’ll be all right,” he tried optimistically. “This is Midoriya we’re talking about. He’s a real man, he won’t leave us hanging.” Uraraka only burst into tears and Asui pulled her into a hug.Iida pushed his glasses up his nose, but even he looked rather frazzled. “We can only hope and wait for the best,” he finally said. He took a seat and the other students soon followed afterwards.They waited together in silence for another few hours. Uraraka’s tears had reduced to occasional sniffs, and Iida had offered her a handkerchief. It didn’t really come as a surprise to Todoroki that Iida carried one.The light finally turned off and everyone jumped to their feet, looking anxious. The surgeon came out of the room, looking exhausted.“Is he okay?” Uraraka asked, her face pale. The surgeon gazed at the group of students for a moment, then smiled.Relief broke through their entire group.“He is currently stable. We will be keeping him here for a while to ensure that he remains so, but he is in no danger.”The surgeon gave a small sigh. It had been a lot more difficult than he anticipated to save the young boy. The brute force behind the attack had caused several ribs to break and one had punctured a lung. The internal bleeding had been a huge concern, and there were several touch and go areas that he had not felt confident about.“I will warn you,” he began, and nearly took a step back when all their heads whipped straight back towards him. “It’s nothing major. He suffered from whiplash at the sudden movement so it is highly possible that he will have vocal cord paralysis. In other words, he won’t be talking for a while.”“He will be able to talk again-ribbit, right?” He nodded.“It should only be temporary. Don’t worry. If you wait a few minutes, then you can visit him.” They needed to finish hooking him up to machines and setting an IV up.A while later, they were standing around Midoriya’s bed. Todoroki felt his throat loosen up at the sight of Midoriya breathing peacefully, his expression no longer consumed with pain.“He’s okay,” Uraraka whispered, reaching out to brush a piece of hair out of his face. “He’s really okay.”Iida looked relieved. “Of course he is,” he said. “Midoriya is strong.”Kirishima wiped a tear (“Men cry when they’re sad,” he announced, crossing his arms) before gesturing towards the door. “Come on guys, we should let Midoriya rest. We can come back and visit later.”They all moved to leave the room, except Todoroki. Kirishima offered him a smile before stepping out and closing the door, leaving the two of them alone.He sat in the chair next to the bed, reaching out to grab Midoriya’s hand. He traced his thumb over the scars, remembering all that Midoriya had done for him.
“I’ll show my father-“

“YOUR POWER IS YOUR OWN! 

“You decide who you become!” 
He spent a few hours watching him in silence, feeling content with just sitting there peacefully. When Midoriya finally stirred, his heart jumped.Midoriya’s eyes opened and his vision wandered before he finally focused on Todoroki. He opened his mouth but nothing came out.“Your vocal cords are paralyzed,” he explained before the injured boy could panic. “It will pass, and you’ll be able to speak after a while. Don’t worry about it.”Midoriya kept his tired gaze on Todoroki before nodding and slumping against the pillow. Todoroki realized he was still holding his hand and let go as Midoriya’s eyes fluttered shut.“Thank you,” he murmured. “For protecting me. You didn’t have to.”His eyes opened again and it was as if he was telling Todoroki he was being silly. He offered a smile and somehow, Todoroki knew exactly what he was saying.
“I’ll always have your back.” 
 



Truth or Dare
Chapter Summary
Hagakure had rounded up much of Class 1-A and pushed them into her room. When an invisible girl wanted something, there really wasn’t anyone who could stop her. The door shut and a laugh resounded through the room.“Let’s play truth or dare!”
Chapter Notes
This is definitely one of my favorites, its truth or dare time! The prompt is dorm life. “It is a curious thought, but it is only when you see people looking ridiculous that you realize just how much you love them.” -Agatha Christie, An Autobiography



Todoroki did not know what he was getting into.Hagakure had rounded up much of Class 1-A and pushed them into her room. When an invisible girl wanted something, there really wasn’t anyone who could stop her. The door shut and a laugh resounded through the room.“Let’s play truth or dare!”He felt a sinking feeling in his stomach. He had been rounded up for this?There were varied reactions among the students. Kirishima whooped and declared it was a time to prove his manliness. Midoriya squawked and turned a bright red, while Uraraka started bouncing, looking positively eager (was that an evil look he saw on her face?...).Bakugou simply exploded until Kirishima grabbed his hand.(“Fucking whipped.” Midoriya gave Uraraka an affronted look, as if he couldn’t believe she had just dropped the f-bomb on him, even if what she said was true.)“I’ll go first!” Hagakure declared. “If you choose not to take the truth or dare, then we’ll collectively come up with a punishment for you!”He was feeling a little worried.“Ashido! Truth or dare?”“Hm…dare!”Hagakure giggled. “I dare you to…” They all leaned forward. “Curse like a sailor for 20 seconds!”She was met with stares. Or as much as they could stare at someone invisible. “I’m going easy,” Hagakure declared. Ashido grinned.Twenty seconds later, he had a whole new arsenal of words.“Kaminari! Truth or dare?” The electric boy looked nervous.“Truth.”
“Wimp.” 
“Out of everyone here, who would you want to make out with?”Kaminari glanced around the room and gave a sly smile.“Kirishima.”They really needed some responsible students in here.Bakugou exploded in a fury, nearly taking off Jirou’s head as he attempted to leap at Kaminari. Kirishima was still linking hands with him, so his attempt fell short. Kaminari hid behind Yaoyorozu in an attempt to preserve his life.Yaoyorozu didn’t know why she was here in the first place.“Iida! Truth or dare?”“There is no shame is being honest, I will go with truth!”“Great! What’s the meanest thing you’ve ever done to someone!”Iida gaped at him, a look of betrayal on his face. This sent everyone into fits of laughter, after seeing how scandalized Iida looked.“I…” he flushed. “I accidently bumped into a little girl and spilled her ice cream,” he admitted, looking deeply shamed. “I ran away because I was too embarrassed and I never paid her back!”Kaminari pouted. “That’s the worst you’ve ever done?” He asked. “You are a saint. A true saint.”Iida looked like he didn’t know what to do.“Uraraka-san, truth or dare?”She beamed.“Dare!”Iida looked like he didn’t know what to say.“I, uh, dare you to change your hairstyle!”He was met with several boos.“I-I do not wish to cause offense tonight! We are playing a friendly, interactive game that will allow us to bond as students!” He waved his hands around wildly, trying to redeem himself.“I’ll show you friendly,” Uraraka grinned before disappearing into Hagakure’s bathroom. She returned moments later with her hair no longer in a bob, but completely slicked up.The room dissolved into laughter once again.“Hm…” Uraraka gazed around the room before her eyes sharpened on a target.“Todoroki! Truth or dare?”He really didn’t know which one was worse.“Truth.”He swore there was an evil demon behind her.“Do you have a crush on anyone?”He was right.“I…do,” he admitted, and several people gasped. It wasn’t that interesting, was it?“Bakugou. Truth or dare?” He just needed attention away from himself.“Dare. I’m not a fucking wimp like you shits are.”Todoroki pondered. And pondered. And pondered.Until he came up with the perfect dare.“Sit in Kirishima’s lap for the next five rounds without swearing.”Someone went “ooooh” and he wholeheartedly agreed with them. Bakugou was much more tolerable when Kirishima was around. After attempting to resist, he finally sat down (extremely reluctantly) in Kirishima’s lap. The latter was thrilled and wrapped his arms snugly around the explosive boy.“I will get you back, half-half bastard,” he promised before scanning the room.“No swearing!” Hagakure chided.“Bastard isn’t a swear. Oi, soy sauce face. Truth or dare.” Hagakure huffed but let it be.This continued for a few more rounds, with much laughter and unholy swearing.It was Jirou’s turn.“Midoriya. Truth or dare?”He looked nervous. “I pick dare!”Jirou leaned back lazily. “Do as many pushups as you can, wait five seconds, then do one more.”When she got questioning looks, she shrugged. “I did this on my brother once, he collapsed within ten. It was hilarious.”Midoriya gulped and got into position. One, two, three, four…“Is…is he going to stop anytime soon?” Uraraka whispered in shock.“Fuck Deku, when did this happen?” Bakugou asked in amazement and anger.“He’s on fifty-three, and he’s not stopping,” Kirishima whispered in amazement.“This was a bad dare to give him,” Jirou commented, eyeing Midoriya’s figure.They all knew Midoriya was strong, but this was insane. And if Todoroki was watching his arm muscles as he went up and down…No one had to know, right?“Let’s call it good,” Jirou finally said, looking bored. “It’ll go on forever at this rate.”Midoriya squeaked an apology out before retreating to his spot. There was some silence before Midoriya picked Kirishima, who no longer had Kacchan in his lap.“I dare you to eat a tube of wasabi.”The room exploded as Kaminari patted Kirishima on the back, wishing him luck on his journey to the afterlife. Kirishima simply huffed and crossed his arms.“Bring it! I can totally handle it!”He was regretting his words two minutes later.“He’ll be out of commission for the next few rounds,” Yaoyorozu commented. She took over for his turn and the game continued.“Who is your crush?”Todoroki wanted to slam his head against the wall. He had completely forgotten that Uraraka seemed determined to uncover his “crush”.And it seemed Hagakure was on her side.“I’ll take the punishment.” Hagakure was silent before a bottle appeared before them.“We’ll spin the bottle and whoever it lands on, you have to spend 7 minutes in heaven with them,” she chirped innocently and she set it down before spinning it.Of course, it had landed on Midoriya.“Off you go!” Midoriya tried to protest, saying that it wasn’t his turn so he shouldn’t be involved but Hagakure wouldn’t hear any of it and ushered them out of her room. She opened the door to a closet across the hallway and shoved the two inside. Todoroki fell from the force and nearly managed to stop himself from crushing Midoriya, who was under him.“Have fun!” She called before locking the door.A silence fell between them.“Did she have to pick such a small closet?”It was extremely small. He could feel Midoriya’s hair tickling his face as he tried to shift more comfortably. After a moment of hesitation, he lit up his shoulder so they could see a little bit.“There isn’t much room,” he sighed. He swept his arm around Midoriya’s waist and flipped the two of them around as he tugged him onto his lap.“W-wait, Todoroki, what are you doing?” Midoriya panicked, his entire body tense.“There’s not enough room in here,” he answered. “It’s more comfortable now.” It was true. Now that Midoriya was seated in his lap, they could both sit without being cramped.He extinguished his shoulder in fear of burning Midoriya.“Is this okay?” His voice did not crack, much to his relief.“O-of course it is!”Silence fell between them again.“U-um, Todoroki?”He hummed in response, gently loosening his grip around Midoriya’s waist.“Actually n-never mind!”Hadn’t seven minutes passed by now? Maybe they had forgotten about the two of them locked in a closet…Midoriya suddenly relaxed and snuggled up against Todoroki, favoring his left side.“Are you cold?” He questioned, grateful the darkness hid his flush.“You’re just really, really warm,” Midoriya sighed. “It’s kinda chilly in here.”He started muttering under his breath, analyzing the quirks of all his friends, and he could only laugh softly before tightening his arms and resting his head on Midoriya’s shoulder.“Is this okay?” He asked, his breath warm against Midoriya’s ear.“Mm.” By this point, he was sure it had been past seven minutes.“Do you think they’re plotting to keep us in here?” Todoroki wondered aloud. Midoriya snapped out of his musings to think about his question.“Probably. Uraraka was really determined to-“ his mouth snapped shut.“To what?”“N-Nothing! Just ignore what I said!” Midoriya panicked. It wasn’t as if he knew of Uraraka’s attempts to stick them together, no it really wasn’t that at all…The door suddenly opened and Ashido was grinning down at the two of them gleefully.  “Aw, look at how cute you two are,” she cooed. Midoriya tried to stand up but Todoroki’s arm prevented him from moving.“Time’s up! Time to return to the game!” He reluctantly unwound his arms and stood up, gently pushing Midoriya out of the closet, who had frozen up.They resumed their spots, both respectively ignoring their thumping hearts.“I think we’ll call it good for tonight,” Hagakure called out, bringing the game to a stop. “We do have class tomorrow and we don’t want Aizawa-sensei on our case.”There were a surprising number of groans but one by one, they began to leave. Midoriya had already left with Uraraka, discussing something with her. He hadn’t paid much attention to them as he was wrapped up in his own mind.
“Aw Deku, you should’ve definitely gone for it!” 

“N-no way! It was just really cold! T-that’s it!” 

“Ooh, I hear some stuttering in there. It doesn’t look like it was just ‘really cold’.”

“He…doesn’t feel that way about me. I don’t want to risk it.” 
Todoroki thought of how he had come to enjoy the game more than he expected. There was something about gathering with the others and spending time together.He stood up and took his leave. His bed was cold, but it didn’t really make that much of a difference to him. He laid down, his eyes closing as he relaxed.There was a knock on the door.“Todoroki? Do you want some tea?” It was Midoriya. “I’m making some and I thought you might want a cup.”“Sure,” he responded. “I’ll be out a in a few minutes.” The footsteps receded and he was left to silence again.A few minutes later, he found himself in the kitchen with Midoriya, Kirishima, Asui and Kaminari. Midoriya was handling the tea with Asui, so he took a seat next to Kirishima.The other two were heatedly arguing whether Star Wars or Star Trek was better (what were they again?). He didn’t care much for the finer points of their argument, so he tuned out and watched Midoriya instead.  He was explaining something animatedly to Asui, who was nodding at his words. He stretched his arms to grab the tea cups, but he fell a little short. He pouted at this and tried again, this time going on his toes. He barely managed to touch them, and he looked proud as he brought down five cups.A pleasant warmth filled his chest, and he rested his head on his hands. He thought of how cute Midoriya was when he was doing his best, even if they weren’t being heroic.Simply, everyday tasks like making tea.“It’s ready!” Midoriya announced, setting the cups down in front of them. Kirishima grinned before ruffling Midoriya’s hair.“Thanks!” Kaminari echoed his thanks as well before taking a sip. His face turned bright red.“It’s hot!” He yelped, fanning his tongue.“It was just in the pot-ribbit,” Asui pointed out.Midoriya took a seat to the left of Todoroki as Asui sat next to Kaminari. “Is it good?” He asked Todoroki anxiously.He blew on it before sipping. “It’s good,” he reassured the other, making him break out into a smile.Maybe he was a little fond-well, very fond of staying in the dorms.He wouldn’t have it any other way.



You're important to me
Chapter Summary
“I owe you a lot,” he admitted quietly. “I guess that makes you important in my memories, right?”He wished he could tell Midoriya how much he craved to stay next to him, to brush their hands together or to lace their hands together at the most mundane times. He was too much of a coward to do so however, so he found himself withdrawing back every time the opportunity arose to tell him.
Chapter Notes
I actually had no idea what to write for the prompt, so I stared at my computer for a good few hours with absolutely nothing on the screen. I can't say I'm completely satisfied with it, but it's something at least. Day six: memories“Everybody has a secret world inside of them...Not just one world. Hundreds of them. Thousands, maybe.” -Neil Gaiman, The Sandman, Vol. 5: A Game of You



Todoroki stood hesitantly in front of Midoriya’s room door. He had been invited to study and wanted to take the other up on his offer, but he wasn’t sure why he was hesitating.“Todoroki!” Midoriya opened the door before he could decide whether he wanted to knock or not. “Are you here to study?” He nodded.“Come in!” Midoriya suddenly turned beet red as he realized All Might posters were everyone in his room. “I-I hope you don’t mind all the posters!” He exclaimed, gesturing wildly.“It’s all right,” he tried to reassure the flustered boy. “Really. I don’t particularly mind.”The two of them settled down on Midoriya’s bed and pulled out their work. A peaceful silence fell between the two of them.An hour or so passed before Todoroki noticed that Midoriya was starting to gaze off. He wasn’t staring at a particular poster, so he assumed that he was daydreaming.“Midoriya.” He gently prodded at him to gain his attention, who snapped back into reality.“What are you thinking so hard about?” Midoriya blinked.“Oh…I was just thinking about Kacchan,” he admitted, his eyes drooping downwards. “It’s nothing, really.”He sensed there was more than Midoriya was letting on. “Aren’t you two from the same school?”His head rose again and he glanced at Todoroki. “We are.” He didn’t elaborate after that.Todoroki sat up and faced Midoriya fully. “Are you okay?” He asked quietly.He didn’t answer him for a while, but Todoroki waited patiently.“It’s just something he said a while back,” Midoriya finally sat up and stared at the ground.
“There’s no point if I can’t do better than Deku!” 
“I didn’t think you heard that,” Todoroki was surprised. “That was a while ago too.”Midoriya frowned. “It’s just…he never forgot to tell me how weak I was. Or to prove it to me. So hearing that he wants to do better than me still shocks me.”This wasn’t the first time he had wondered, but he was curious as to the background of Midoriya and Bakugou. Clearly, they were not friends, but there was something more than just animosity between the two of them.“Can you tell me about your childhood?” He suddenly asked, surprising himself as well as Midoriya. “I can tell you part of mine if you wish. In an exchange.”“Oh!” Midoriya looked troubled for a moment. “I guess I can do that.”He wrapped a blanket around himself like a protective barrier, making a small fort of pillows. Todoroki had the urge to go join and cuddle with him.“Kacchan and I got along at first,” he started, pulling the blanket tighter. “Our moms were friends, and so we were introduced to each other that way.”He gave a small, wistful smile. “We both really liked All Might,” he laughed, albeit a little sadly. “But when Kacchan’s quirk manifested, he decided I wasn’t good enough for him.”“My guess is that he just had a superior complex,” he continued. “He just wanted to be better than everyone and thought of himself as the top. Untouchable.”Todoroki observed. Midoriya seemed a little closed in on himself, a little sad, and…resigned?“I always wanted to repair our relationship,” Midoriya admits. “But he never had any interest.”Todoroki scooted closer, leaning on Midoriya comfortingly.“You already know, but my father wants me to be number one.” Midoriya nodded, resting his head on Todoroki’s shoulder.“He didn’t care about the rest of my siblings. Once my quirk was revealed, it was as if the others ceased to exist in his mind.” His fist tightened as he thought of his brothers and his sister.“As soon as I turned five, he started training me.” He felt something clasp his hand, and he watched as Midoriya gently pried his hand open. He could see crescents where his nails had dug into his palm.“Don’t do that,” he chided before slipping their hands together. “Hurting yourself is bad.”“You of all people can’t tell me that,” Todoroki huffed. “Your quirk used to be self-destructive.”Midoriya smiled fondly. “Yeah,” he agreed quietly. “Those were the good times. They’re important in my memories.”All Might had come along and given him a chance, given him true hope. Becoming a hero was no longer a distant dream, but a reality set in front of him.“Good times? Midoriya…” Todoroki gave him a strange look. “Are you a masochist?”Midoriya gaped.“Where did you get that idea?” He spluttered, sitting up straight to give Todoroki an incredulous look. “I definitely don’t enjoy pain! Nope, nope, nope, no pain for me!” He laughed nervously.“It’s just...you just said those were the good times,” Todoroki pointed out. “When using your quirk would break your bones. Quite literally.”“Ah, I just meant that something good happened around that time,” he covered up quickly, patting his red cheeks in an attempt to cool them down. “That’s all.”“Oh.”Silence befell the two of them again and Midoriya took the chance to scoot back next to Todoroki and rest his head back down. He found his eyes beginning to droop close, the warmth from Todoroki’s side lulling him to sleep.“Are you falling asleep on me?” Todoroki’s voice cut through Midoriya’s sleepy haze, but he yawned.“No. M’awake.”“Mm.”His tone was disbelieving, but Todoroki pulled the blanket around Midoriya snugly. Once he was sure the other’s eyes were closed and was asleep, he pressed a light, fleeting kiss to his forehead.“I owe you a lot,” he admitted quietly. “I guess that makes you important in my memories, right?”He wished he could tell Midoriya how much he craved to stay next to him, to brush their hands together or to lace their hands together at the most mundane times. He was too much of a coward to do so however, so he found himself withdrawing back every time the opportunity arose to tell him.“I really, really like you,” he said aloud. There was no one to hear his confession.His fingers brushed through Midoriya’s soft hair, marveling at how nice it felt to just pet his hair. Midoriya stirred.“Todo?” He mumbled. “Like you too.”Todoroki froze.Midoriya blinked at him, drowsiness still heavy in his eyes. “Will you kiss me goodnight?” He asked sleepily. “Mom used to do that every night…”He swallowed. He had gotten his hopes up for nothing. “Of course,” he answered before pressing another kiss to his head. Midoriya gave him a sleepy smile before closing his eyes again.Just another one of Midoriya’s memories, right?Before he knew it, he was feeling drowsy too. He gently laid Midoriya down on his bed and when he tried to leave, something wrapped around his arm.“Don’t go,” Midoriya yawned. “Sleep with me.”He did.
 Todoroki woke up when it was still dark. If he recalled correctly, he had fallen asleep around six o’clock, so it wasn’t really a surprise that he woke up in the middle of the night.Midoriya was sitting up, but he didn’t seem to realize that Todoroki was awake.“I did something silly,” he whispered frantically to himself. “I told Todoroki I like him. I can’t believe I did that!” He wailed, keeping his voice down.He stayed still and listened.“Uraraka told me to go for it,” he mused. “But she’s being silly, right? Todoroki wouldn’t like me in that way. Right?”The way he doubted himself was a little heartbreaking.“Kacchan was right.” He laughed a little sadly. “I am a wimp.”Todoroki sat up silently before wrapping Midoriya in a hug, who immediately stiffened.“It’s not just you,” he said.Midoriya froze, then glanced over his shoulder.“Are you lying to me?” He breathed, looking hopeful.“No.” He turned Midoriya around to face him before frowning. “You gave me a heart attack earlier.”Midoriya laughed sheepishly, scratching his head. “Sorry. I was just really tired?”“You better make it up to me.”He peeked shyly at Todoroki’s face. “Can I start now?”Todoroki nodded, and Midoriya leaned in.Another good memory to add, right?



You'll always hold a spot in my heart
Chapter Summary
She watched as Midoriya pulled the lily she had seen earlier out of his pocket and reach up to tuck it into Todoroki’s hair. They were positioned so that she could only see Midoriya’s face, but it was enough for her. His face was fond and affectionate, pushing back a few strands of white hair to slip it in into the crook of Todoroki’s ear so it would stay.
Chapter Notes
I cannot say how excited I was to write this. I had this one planned out from day one, and I died while writing this. Day seven: flowers“I want to infect you with the tremendous excitement of living, because I believe that you have the strength to bear it.” -Tennessee Williams, The Selected Letters: 1920-1945

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Todoroki always had a flower tucked in his hair.It had been going on for a few weeks as of now, and no one could figure out where they had come from.There was a different one every day. It had been a rose three days ago, then a daisy, then a geranium (“What the heck is that?” Kaminari frowned), and finally, it was a morning glory.
“They have to come from somewhere,” Uraraka insisted. 

“I don’t know,” Kirishima shrugged. “Maybe he’s just taken an interest in them.” 

“No, I think Uraraka is right!” Hagakure piped up. “Todoroki definitely isn’t the kind of person to wear flowers in his hair. There must be another reason behind it.” 

With that, Class 1-A resolved to find the mystery behind the flowers. 
 Uraraka discovered by accident.“Uraraka!” Midoriya popped his head into the living room, seeking out the cheerful girl. “I’m going out to buy something, do you want to come with?”“Sure!” She called back. She jumped off the couch and met Midoriya at the door. “What are you getting?”“I want to get a present for my mom,” he explained as he opened the door. “Her birthday is coming up soon, so I have to look for something really nice.” He blushed and ducked his head away. “I thought you might be able to help me…”Uraraka wanted to coo over him.“Of course I’ll help!”They spent a few hours pouring over different stores, looking through all sorts of items. There was much laughter as Midoriya tried on an All Might mask, and copied his signature line.Uraraka tried on a wig that resembled Bakugou’s hair and started swearing out a storm. Midoriya gaped at her as if he couldn’t believe Uraraka could curse like that.It was rather satisfying.Midoriya finally picked something out for his mom and they were heading back. If Uraraka also had a few bags in her hand, it was no one’s business.(How could she resist something that cute?)“Oh, hold on,” Midoriya stopped in front of a flower store. “Maybe I should get some flowers for my mom,” he mused. After making up his mind, he nodded. “Will you wait a few minutes?” He asked. “I’m just going to slip in and buy a few.”Uraraka nodded and Midoriya disappeared inside the store. She hummed as she waited, admiring the flowers on display outside. The pansies were particularly beautiful, in her opinion.Midoriya came back out, with a bunch of flowers in one arm. He noticed her looking at the pansies.“Uraraka?” He asked curiously. “Are you a flower person?”She started, not realizing that he had come back out. “Oh no,” she shook her head wildly. “I just thought they were beautiful, that’s all.” Midoriya watched her for a second before disappearing in the shop again, leaving Uraraka confused.He emerged within a few minutes and plucked one of them out before tucking it in her hair. “There,” he beamed. “I think it fits, don’t you?”Uraraka reverently reached up to brush the flower with her fingers. “Thanks,” she gave him a blinding smile, gratified by his small gift.As they started walking back to the dorms, she noticed something odd. There was a lily tucked carefully into his pocket, and Midoriya was holding all the bags on the other side of him, as if to keep the small flower safe.She chose to ignore it. It wasn’t any of her business, and she was still pleased by her small gift. “That was fun,” Midoriya commented as they stepped back into their dorms.“It was,” Uraraka agreed. “We should do it again!”She was awfully pleased that Midoriya had liked shopping. She was aware that most guys were averted to shopping, but Midoriya hadn’t minded her too much.“Definitely!” He hefted one of the bags. “I’m going to drop these off in my room, okay?” He walked off in the direction of his dorms and Uraraka watched him go.He was really a precious child.Later, Uraraka found herself wandering around the dorm, looking for Asui. The froggy girl had promised to watch a movie with her but she didn’t know where Asui was now. She rounded the corner and froze as she came upon Todoroki and Midoriya.Normally she would have greeted the pair, but she felt it was better to wait it out. It felt too…intimate for her to interrupt.She watched as Midoriya pulled the lily she had seen earlier out of his pocket and reach up to tuck it into Todoroki’s hair. They were positioned so that she could only see Midoriya’s face, but it was enough for her. His face was fond and affectionate, pushing back a few strands of white hair to slip it in into the crook of Todoroki’s ear so it would stay.While Midoriya was occupied with the flower, Todoroki suddenly leaned forward and pressed a quick kiss to his cheek. Uraraka tried not to squeal.She had solved the mystery of the flowers.The class couple had finally come together. Uraraka frowned at the dying flower in her hands. It had been a few days since she had gone out with Midoriya, and she had tried to preserve the flower for as long as she could.Nothing worked, and the beautiful flower was withering away in her hands.Someone tapped her shoulder and she turned around. “Todoroki?” She asked in surprise.“You seem concerned over your flower.” She didn’t recognize the flower currently in his hair, but it looked like a flower in the middle of a star.“Midoriya gave it to me,” she sighed. “But it’s dying and it makes me feel sad.” Todoroki regarded her for a moment before gesturing.“Follow me.” He started walking off and it took a few seconds to process what he had said. She nearly tripped over her own feet as she hurried after him.He led her to his room. He walked over to a bookshelf and pulled two of the same books out. They weren’t particularly large, and they had a leather-bound cover.Todoroki set them down on his desk before opening the first one. Uraraka gasped as she saw pages and pages of pressed flowers, and she recognized quite a few of them.They were all the flowers that Midoriya had given Todoroki.“You press all of your flowers,” she breathed, gazing at the book with wonder. Todoroki nodded.“You can do the same.” He cleared his throat. “I mean, you’re important to Izu-Midoriya, so I thought it would be okay.”Warmth filled her chest as she realized what he was saying. He trusted her enough to share something precious to him, because Deku trusted her.“Thank you,” she beamed as he slid the other book towards her. It was empty, ready to be filled with flowers. “It means a lot.”
“Did you figure it out-ribbit.” 

Uraraka only smiled. 

“Come on,” Hagakure wheedled. “You should tell us!” ‘

Kirishima watched her face, his own grin growing. “Some secrets must be kept,” he declared loudly. “There is no shame in that!” 

Uraraka could only agree. 




Chapter End Notes
It's finally over! Thank you to everyone who stuck around and left kudos, it means a lot to me!



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



