



In Every Way - tsbtsvs - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

In Every Way
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/9117979.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Min Yoongi | Suga/Park Jimin
Character:
Bangtan Boys Ensemble, Min Yoongi | Suga, Park Jimin (BTS)
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe - Canon, Pining, Slow Burn, yoongis whipped, Jimin Is a Tease, Min Yoongi | Suga is Bad at Feelings, just lowkey, hes bad at talking like ??? how do you interact idk, im bad at tagging, Bottom Min Yoongi | Suga, Top Jimin, Porn With Plot, Porn with Feelings, 5 + 1 kinda not really, Canon Compliant, Canon compliant smut, Getting Together
Stats:

        Published: 2016-12-30
        Words: 8182
      

In Every Way
by tsbtsvs (reebye)
Summary
Yoongi's always liked Jimin
Notes
lmaoo lower your expectations now

          See the end of the work for more notes




In Every Way

The first thing Yoongi liked was his face.
Not in the ‘oh my god so handsome’ way but in the ‘holy fuck let me squish his fucking cheeks’ kind of way. Because more than anything, the kid’s cheeks stood out – baby fat Yoongi’s sure, could tell from how young the kid is. He liked it – gave this kid (Park Jimin was it?) a little character before he even spoke out loud to them.
He’d heard some stuff from the company, that he’s the new addition to the group, that he’s got to work a bit but they think he’ll be a good addition, blah blah blah, he didn’t listen very well when they were talking. But here the new kid was shifting nervously and tugging at his sleeves.
It was cute, he was cute in an innocent kind of way.
The second thing Yoongi liked was his voice.
It was high and sweet and Yoongi could only imagine the notes he’d be able to hit with enough practice. Yoongi couldn’t help but to let his lips quirk up slightly when the kid stuttered out a quiet introduction bowing over ninety degrees to them.
“I-I’m Park Ji-Jimin” he’d stammered, stumbling over his own words in a flustered hurry
And Hoseok was already all over the poor kid cooing at how cute he was and how he already knew they’d be great friends.  Jimin squeaked when both Hoseok and Taehyung (We’re the same age we gotta be good friends, yeah?) forced him into a mini group hug. Jimin’s face flushed a pretty pink dusting over his cheeks and Yoongi’s first impression was only getting better.
Of course, Yoongi couldn’t make a good first impression of himself for the kid, he wanted to but just because of how he was as a person he couldn’t bring himself to say anything as everyone else introduced themselves; all fairly easily if you exclude Jungkook’s muttering and shy handshake. Yoongi stayed quiet, leaning against the mirror with an empty water bottle in hand just watching everyone welcome the new member of their group that only just might debut. Of course, Yoongi new himself and the first thing out of his mouth would either be insulting or embarrassing of one of them and he’d just wanted to put that off as long as possible because this kid was obviously about to relax a little and he didn’t want to ruin Jimin’s mood just because he can’t talk to new people.
The next thing Yoongi liked about Jimin was his smile.
Eventually Jin had dragged him away from his safe-haven of not sticking his foot in his mouth, but he had to face this sooner or later and it might as well be sooner so that later they might maybe be friends or something. Yoongi was reluctant, didn’t want to ruin the light mood of the group but he went anyways with some gentle persuasion (Min Yoongi You fucking ass go introduce yourself like a decent human) from his only hyung.
Of course, Yoongi didn’t know what was going to slip from his mouth – never did when meeting someone new so when the words “Make sure you’re worth a damn, kid” escaped him he wanted the floor to open and swallow him because who the fuck says something like that?
Everyone there was already used to his brash nature, gotten their own bad first impressions of him and Namjoon was already opening his mouth to apologize on his behalf and explain that Yoongi’s not as bad as he seems but he didn’t get the chance
There it was, the biggest brightest smile Yoongi’s ever seen, eyes crinkling into little half-moons and one tooth just slightly crooked “I’ll do my very best” Jimin assured him and Yoongi’s knees were weak
To say every single person there was in shock at Jimin’s impossibly positive reaction was an understatement. They’d never seen someone react to Yoongi with a smile, the best anyone’s seen was Jin’s equally snarky comeback that earned his immediate respect. But now there was a smile and Yoongi was floored, every being in the room staring wide eyed at Jimin.
“Good” Yoongi spoke up first, letting his face form a sly smirk “I’m Min Yoongi, remember that kid. We’ll be seeing each other around” he called leaving the room before his chill façade broke,
All Yoongi could see from that point every time he closed his eyes was that wide, happy eye smile that was directed at him.
Yoongi liked Jimin’s laugh.
It was carefree and it pitched in just the right ways for Yoongi to think it was worth getting forced out of the studio to buy drinks for Namjoon and Hoseok after he’d lost at rock paper scissors. Jimin had warmed up to the maknaes quickly, which was to be expected since he himself was one as well. The three of them were always doing something ridiculous but this time Yoongi only caught the end of it where they were laughing until they were red in the face and Yoongi was willing to sit and listen for a while if he could hear Jimin laugh just a little longer.
But he knew he couldn’t because that was creepy and he’d be caught for sure because it’s just a hallway and he needed to get those drinks from the vending machine so he pressed forward rolling his eyes to make it look like he didn’t care what they were doing ignoring the wide grins that the three of them gave him.
The next thing Yoongi liked about him was his work ethic.
Jimin was at the practice room before anyone else every day for months and only going back once Yoongi was leaving his studio. It was worrying how hard he worked, but Yoongi trusted him to stay healthy and he’d always come in and throw a water bottle at the younger to tell him to take a goddamn break if he thought Jimin was going to over work himself.
And Jimin probably spent the most time with the vocal coaches, trying to catch up with the rest of the group who had already been at it for over a year (Yoongi was already going on two and a half years now) and Yoongi admired that he was working so hard. It showed he cared and was doing his best at being worth a damn in this industry, just like Yoongi had told him. Yoongi liked his work ethic, but he didn’t want Jimin to burn out before they even got the chance to debut so, with a little hesitance Yoongi left his studio and strode to the practice room
“Park” he called as he shut the music off “Take a break”
“Ah hyung” Jimin gasped, just barely catching the towel Yoongi threw at him “What’re you doing here?”
“I’m always here” Yoongi almost scoffed “I rarely leave my studio before two in the morning”
Jimin nodded, wiping the sweat from his neck (It wasn’t attractive ok? Not at all) as he took a seat in the middle of the room trying catch his breath “Right”
“Kid,” Yoongi sighed, sitting next to Jimin on the floor “Don’t over work yourself, yeah? You’re on equal ground as the rest of us.”
“I wanna be good enough” Jimin mumbled, taking the water Yoongi handed him “You guys have worked so hard, I don’t wanna hold you back”
Yoongi laughed, shaking his head “Jiminie you’re a better dancer than at least four of the seven of us”
And Yoongi’s not sure if the pink on Jimin’s cheeks was from the exercise, the nickname that just slipped out or the compliment but he didn’t particularly care all that much when Jimin was smiling at him like he was the best thing ever
“Yeah?” he asked cocking his head to the side in an almost teasing fashion
And Yoongi shoved him lightly, a fond smile gracing his features and he knew he was already too far gone to ever hope to not fall for the kid with chubby cheeks who worked too hard for his own good.
He liked the way Jimin got excited.
Liked how Jimin’s entire face would light up, how he’d bounce on the balls of his feet and cheer. Everyone was excited, they’d just been told they’d start filming the music video to debut. So, it’s not like Yoongi exactly watching Jimin; he’d just happened to glance over in the midst of his celebrating… and not look away.
It didn’t matter, he’s sure, everyone was too hyped up to notice if Yoongi was staring.
Yoongi liked the way that Jimin slept.
It’s not creepy, they live in the same dorm, they were bound to see each other asleep eventually. Yoongi was always too dead tired when he got home from the studio to see anything but his bed and he was always the last to wake up, so he’d never seen Jimin asleep before.
When he did, he paused having to raise an eyebrow because the younger boy was on the floor laying in a pile of assorted hoodies. They were in the dorm alone, Namjoon having a meeting with the company, Hoseok and Jin were out buying dinner, Taehyung and Jungkook were off doing whatever it was they do and Yoongi assumed that he was with him. It was almost laughable how Jimin was curled into himself to sleep
Jimin was undeniably cute and Yoongi wished he didn’t have to be so soft for the younger because otherwise he would have kicked him and told him to sleep in a bed like a normal fucking person. But Jimin weaseled his way through Yoongi’s hard ass boundaries and Yoongi found himself kneeling on the ground and gently shaking him after taking a quick picture for blackmail purposes, obviously.
“Jimin, you can’t sleep on the floor” he whispered gently “Minie c’mon”
Jimin whined, muffled by the pile of jackets as he tried turning away from the elder and Yoongi rolled his eyes.
“Jimin ah” Yoongi groaned nudging him a little rougher “C’mon I’m not going to be held responsible if you get sick”
Jimin cracked an eye open “Hyung?” he rasped tiredly
And that was another thing Yoongi liked about him, Jimin’s tired sleepy voice
“Up” Yoongi ordered, ignoring the sudden lump in his throat as he reached his hand out to help the by up “Let’s get you to a proper bed, yeah?”
Jimin stumbled up, taking Yoongi’s hand and he just stood there. Holding Yoongi’s hand with his eyes closed and smiling dumbly.
“Lead the way”
Yoongi scoffed tugging him in the direction of his bed “You’re stupid” hiding the fond smile with a roll of the eyes, not that Jimin could even see but it was more for himself
“And yet hyung” Jimin countered “You’re still doing it”
Yoongi sighed, pushing him onto the bed and attempting to walk away, only for his wrist to be caught
“Hyung” Jimin lisped, obviously still half asleep “sleep with me” he tugged him toward the bed
Yoongi cleared his throat, searching for an excuse “I have… stuff… to do” he coughed not really resisting Jimin’s attempts at pulling him down
“When have you ever refused sleep?” Jimin laughed to himself mostly
Yoongi refuses sleep more often than he lets on, opting to stay awake to work or practice – he naps when he can, never quite having a full night’s sleep. He’d planned on practicing today but he can’t bring himself to resist when Jimin tugs him to lay with him, only flinching at how cold the tip of Jimin’s nose is when it touches his neck
Yoongi likes the how well Jimin has been able to handle his rough personality through the years.
Likes how he’ll take every insult, every joke, in stride. He handles the way Yoongi acts in one of the best ways possible, throwing comebacks as naturally as breathing. And Yoongi fucking loves it.
Loves that he doesn’t have to watch himself around him, that it’s easy to talk to Jimin without having to think about what he was going to say next.
How even after three years Jimin could laugh at everything he said, always understanding that’s just how Yoongi was. Yoongi even liked how naturally he fell for the kid through the years, how it was fast it happened in the first few months of knowing Jimin and then slowly just falling deeper
Years of what Yoongi at this point was sure was love and he couldn’t bring himself to mind, not when Jimin would come into his studio and throw a snack at him, ordering him take a break just like Yoongi used to do to him back in pre-debut.
And he likes how Jimin’s matured, still the same happy giggly boy from years ago, but less loud and annoying (not that he was that bad before) and Yoongi likes that they can just sit together in silence and it’s not awkward for either of them
“I’m just saying Hyung” Jimin said around a mouthful of chips “It’s already two in the morning, why don’t you just go home and work on it tomorrow?”
Yoongi groaned, rubbing his eyes with the heels of his hands “Why don’t you just go back without me and sleep brat?”
“Don’t wanna”
Yoongi rolled his eyes “It’s missing something and I need to finish it before I can sleep, I’ll be a while.” He said turning back to mess with the sound board “Think about yourself”
“I am thinking about myself” Jimin insisted “It’s dark out and I don’t want to walk home by myself and I don’t want you walking by yourself”
“You could kick someone’s ass if you needed and you know it Jiminie” he mumbled taking a sip of the shitty canned coffee he’d gotten from the vending machine down the hall “You’ll be fine”
“Could you though?” Jimin asked “Could you beat someone up hyung? That’s the real question”
“Hyung can do anything” was Yoongi’s immediate response “Except maybe finish this fucking song”
And Yoongi could hear the smile in Jimin’s voice when he repeated “Hyung can do anything” no mocking, no malice, just pure happiness and Yoongi really doesn’t understand why but he figures it doesn’t matter at this point because Jimin’s happy
Yoongi likes Jimin’s shocked expressions. Always wide eyes and mouth hanging open just a little, eyebrows furrowing ever so slightly and Yoongi swears it’s the cutest fucking thing. Yoongi sees it every year on October 13th because for some reason Jimin never expects anything for his birthday and every year he’s shocked for a full ten seconds before breaking into one of those smiles that makes Yoongi’s heart skip a few beats and his knees almost give out.  Or when they win an award, those always last a little more than five seconds immediately going into celebration mode and dicking around with Taehyung
But by far Yoongi’s favorite (but also most stressful) time he’d seen it was when he accidentally slipped up.
4 o’clock in the morning, seven cups of shitty coffee, and an annoying (not really) dongsaeng complaining for three hours later and he’s finished what he could of the song, only to turn around to see Jimin laying across the leather couch in the corning of the studio – hand in a bag of chips, eyes shut and face relaxed in a manner that let his mouth wide open. It made Yoongi want to laugh.
He sighed as he stood up, bones cracking and muscles popping and he doesn’t really remember the last time he stood up. He rolled his neck a few times, stretching his arms across his body before making his way to the couch.
“Jiminie you’ll fuck your neck up if you sleep here” Yoongi frowned tapping the younger’s forehead lightly only earing a groan but nothing more and he sighed, kneeling and running his hand gently through Jimin’s bleached hair “You’re lucky I’m in love with you or else I’d kick you to the ground” he mumbled, more to himself
Jimin’s eyes snapped open and Yoongi’s heart stopped then and there. They stared at each other for a full 20 seconds at least, both wide eyed and mouths agape neither able to form a sentence
“Hyung” Jimin broke the silence first “What did you just say?”
“I said you’re gonna fuck your neck up” Yoongi answered blankly, standing up straight
Jimin should his head “After that” he insisted sitting up and spilling chips all over the ground
“Nothing” he denied “You were asleep, let’s go home”
“No, I was pretending so you’d carry me back” And Yoongi wanted to call him a brat but now wasn’t the time because fuck shit sonofabitch Jimin heard him “Hyung what the fuck did you say”
Yoongi was silent staring at Jimin blankly, trying to hide his mental breakdown at the fact that the onetime he says it out loud, he’s half asleep (well, not anymore) and he thought he was asleep because its four in the fucking morning and any sane person would be sleeping and not pretending and fuck his entire life because now Jimin probably hates him and that’s the worst possible thing for Yoongi because Jimin’s so embedded into Yoongi’s heart that if he hated him Yoongi’d probably like cry himself to sleep or some shit and he really shouldn’t think that Jimin looks adorable right now with his furrowed eyebrows and pouty frown and messy hair. “I’m sorry” was all he could choke out through the lump in his throat, turning in his heel and speed walking out of the studio with Jimin on his heels
“Hyung talk to me”
Silence
“Hyung”
Yoongi sped his pace up
“Min Yoongi fucking stop walking” it was the first time Jimin had ever spoken to him informally and that made him freeze in his tracks
“What?” he spat, more aggressively than he intended
Jimin’s hands flew up in an exasperated surrendering motion “You can’t just say something like that and fucking runaway”
Yoongi’s eye twitched “Watch me” he said, throwing the door to their dorm open and storming inside, not even caring to take his boots off before collapsing into his bed
And he knew he was being unfair, because it wasn’t Jimin’s fault. It wasn’t Jimin’s fault that Yoongi had fallen in love the moment he saw him. it wasn’t his fault that Yoongi was incapable of handling his own emotions and the thought of Jimin hating him sent his mind into over drive and he lashed out. It wasn’t Jimin’s fault that Yoongi found himself curling into a ball under his blankets and hiding his face. It wasn’t Jimin’s fault that Yoongi was a mess.
Yoongi liked that even if something was bothering Jimin, he’d never let on to others.
It was annoying as fuck, sure because Yoongi wasn’t sure how emotionally stable Jimin really was, and it worried him to no end. But it was admirable how he could bear his own weight, as well as every other members on himself. And at a time like this, when Yoongi was being obvious that something was wrong, he was glad that Jimin didn’t show if he was bothered.
He was obviously avoiding Jimin at all costs, when Jimin walked into the room he’d leave without another word, he’d eat meals in his studio with the door locked, put earbuds in his ears when they had to be around each other. And Jimin didn’t seem to take it badly, so the members didn’t worry because Yoongi just gets like that sometimes.
It took approximately two weeks for Jimin to snap from his easy-going demeanor of letting Yoongi have his space.
They were at a showcase, being the first to get his makeup done leaving him to wait for the rest to finish. He sat on the couch in the greenroom gazing at the ceiling trying to decide if he should take a nap or not when he heard the door open. He turned his head just in time to see Yoongi turn around and walk straight back out the door and that was the last straw. He caught up to Yoongi in less than 30 seconds and he wasn’t really sure of what he was doing until he’d caught Yoongi’s wrist.
“Hyung” he panted, and he really want aware of the fact the sprinted to catch up until that moment
“Let me go Jimin” Yoongi ordered, not looking back at him “Hyung needs to use the restroom”
“Bullshit” And if he wasn’t angry before, he sure as hell was now “You’re avoiding me”
“I’m not” Yoongi lied “I’ve just been busy” he hadn’t gotten anything done since that night
Jimin didn’t know what he was doing, didn’t realize until he’d pinned the elder to the wall just a few inches between them “Stop fucking avoiding me hyung”
Yoongi stared at him, mouth opening and closing like a fish as he tried to find the words, only to get his voice caught in is throat, and he’s sure he shouldn’t find this as hot as he does because Jimin is pissed at him and Jimin’s hardly ever angry.
“What did I do wrong?” Jimin’s voice cracked as his head dipped down for him to rest against Yoongi’s collar bone “You said that you – and then ran away and – I-I – hyung what’d do?” he stuttered, trying to hold back tears, because if he cried he’d mess his makeup and the designers would beat his ass, loosening his grip in Yoongi’s wrists
And of course Yoongi panicked, Sad Jimin was not a good Jimin, and Yoongi had never gotten the chance to see Jimin sad (besides like homesickness) and oh fuck oh fuck oh no “Nothing, you didn’t do anything” he hurried out “It’s not your fault I just-” he cleared his throat, bringing his hand up to Jimin’s hair hesitantly to comfort him “I just didn’t want you to hate me”
“Fuck you, I could never hate you” Jimin muttered moving his hands to clutch the collar of Yoongi’s shirt before smashing their lips together a little rougher than intended, their teeth clacking against each other and Yoongi’s knees actually did give out as he melted into the kiss but it was perfect and Yoongi added how soft Jimin’s lips were to his list of things he liked about Jimin neither caring that they’re just in a hallways and could get caught by anyone at any time as their lips slotted just right “Fuck you very much Min Yoongi hyung” Jimin repeated
“Please” is what slipped out of Yoongi’s mouth
and Jimin just laughed happy and soft as they made their way back to the changing room, mumbling out a “Maybe some other time” and the other members obviously happy to see Jimin and Yoongi talking again
Yoongi never realized how blunt Jimin could be until one morning, two months after they made up and gotten together
“So,” Jimin cleared his throat at breakfast earing everyone’s attention, including Yoongi’s even though he was in the kitchen getting himself a drink, mid-sip as Jimin spoke up “I’m in love with Yoongi hyung”
Someone’s fork clattered against their plate as Yoongi inhaled his drink, which quickly turned into a coughing fit him doubling over as he tried not to spit his drink all over their kitchen that Jin works so hard to keep cleaned.
There was an uneasy silence besides Yoongi’s coughing (No one even tried to help him, some friends they are) all just staring at Jimin as if he had two heads, which is reasonable because that probably wasn’t the best way to come out but he just sat there continuing to eat as if he hadn’t just said he was in love with one of his group mates when no one knew they were even together
“Uh” Namjoon cleared his throat “Okay?”
“Does Yoongi hyung know?” Jungkook asked
Taehyung half scoffed in lighthearted manner “No, he had a coughing fit just now because he’s dying Jungkook” he joked “He obviously just heard”
“So… are you guys like together” Namjoon asked “or were just getting that out there”
“Both” Jimin shrugged looking up to see Yoongi staring at him hands raised in a questioning manner, his lips quirking up as he motioned that Yoongi his drink dribbled down his chin
Yoongi used his sleeve to wipe it away as Jungkook asked how long
“Two months” Yoongi called, pouring himself a new mug of coffee
Taehyung screeched something along the lines of “Two month and we didn’t know?!”
“I knew” Jin mused happily holding his hand out “Pay up Hobi”
Hoseok pouted, pulling his wallet out and handed a bill over “I was close, just a month off. it’s not fair hyung”
“You guys bet on us?” Yoongi’s not sure why he’s surprised “You know what? I don’t even give a damn at this point” he sighed settling back down in his seat between Hoseok and Jin “Fucking blunt little shit” he mumbled kicking Jimin under the table lightly
Jimin just sent him a cheeky grin and Yoongi couldn’t help but to like love it.
Airport fashion was something Jimin was always great at, at least in Yoongi’s biased opinion. Jimin always knew what he looked good in, what was sensible for the season, for the trip. And Yoongi ended up staring at the younger’s pants (Those tight, black skinny jeans that hugged his tights so well Yoongi couldn’t help but to stare) instead of listening to what Jin was talking about next to him.
“Yah Yoongi” Jin scolded “Snap out of it did you just hear what I said?”
“What?” Yoongi blinked “No, sorry hyung I guess I spaced out”
“I said I was talking to the manager hyung” Jin sighed with a roll of his eyes “And he said you and Jimin were sharing a room when we get to Japan, lucky for you guys”
If anyone asks, Yoongi would say he tripped over his suitcase and that the news just told him literally made him forget how to walk. And Jin laughed as he helped him stand back up. That fucker was going to hold that over him for the rest of his life. He decided to ignore the way everyone turned back to give him knowing looks or amused laughs, except Jimin who legitimately looked like he was worried about him tripping, that poor angel probably doesn’t even know they have a room together yet
“Hyung” Jimin called half an hour after their flight took off, slipping an ear bud out of Yoongi’s ear and if he were anyone else he’d be dead but he’s him so he instead got a halfhearted glare “Hyung are you ok? You tripped earlier”
“Yes Jimin, I know. I was there for that” Yoongi replied sarcastically “I’m fine, just kinda tired”
“I thought you went to bed early yesterday” Jimin frowned “Is everything ok?”
Yoongi hummed, closing his eyes with a sigh “Y’know” he changed the subject “We’re sharing a room in Japan”
And if his eyes were open he would have seen the smirk form over the younger’s face “Yeah?”
“Yeah”
Yoongi like how Jimin’s hand fit into his when Jimin intertwined their fingers just then, ignoring the faces Hoseok was making at them from Yoongi’s other side
They had an hour to unpack and shower before they had to go to dinner with the rest of the group, an hour to get ready and relax.
“Hyung, do you wanna shower first or should i?” Jimin asked, digging through his suitcase
“I don’t care” he yawned “You can go, I’ll take a nap or something”
“Says the dude who slept most of the flight” Jimin chuckled
“I’m your hyung”
“And my boyfriend”
Yoongi made a sound of protest “Doesn’t mean you should drop honorifics”
There was a pause before Jimin started grinning devilishly “Dude, babe, honey, dear, love, sweetheart” and Yoongi could feel his face heating up at every new nick name “Beautiful, hot stuff, cutie, darling, dreamboat, Suga, my everything, Mr. right, Oppa-”
“Oh, my god stop” Yoongi groaned to hide his embarrassment “Suga doesn’t count that’s my stage name.” he paused to roll his eyes at Jimin’s pout “Go take your shower”
And Yoongi’s would never admit to liking the way those nicknames sounded coming from Jimin when directed at him
It was funny, really, when Jimin called him baby at dinner an hour later
Yoongi wasn’t paying attention after he’d been served their food, having not eaten since early in the day. Not exactly meaning to ignore Jimin just not responding to his insistent poking and prodding
“Hyung, hyung, Yoongi hyung” Jimin huffed pouting at the lack of response “Baby” he half whined, and honestly – Jungkook took it as the biggest shock, poor kid having to spit out what was in his mouth to not choke
“What?” Yoongi frowned, flicking Jimin’s knee lightly under the table
“Let me taste” he answered, looking down at Yoongi’s plate
Yoongi rolled his eyes, picking a piece of meat from his place and stuffing it into Jimin’s awaiting mouth without a word nor second thought and Jimin grabbed a napkin to cover his mouth with while he laughed
And the other members didn’t really care, they were just surprised that Park ‘physically incapable of speaking informally to elders’ Jimin just called Min ‘resting bitch face; I will cut you’ Yoongi - Baby like it was no big deal. And maybe it wasn’t, but it was still something capable of throwing the rest of table.
The addition of Yoongi also feeding Jimin, did earn a bit teasing though, rightfully so because how often do group members fall in love and get to be disgustingly cute
And Yoongi didn’t mind if it too much since he got to see Jimin blush and stutter with a pout
Yoongi doesn’t know why Jimin made the seven of them stop at a convenience store on their way back to their hotel, especially when he wouldn’t let anyone but Taehyung go in with him. they waited about five minutes before Jungkook started yawning and ended up walking back before them with Jin and Namjoon because they were insistent on getting a full night’s rest to explore Tokyo tomorrow, leaving Hoseok to wait with Yoongi talking about whatever came to Hoseok’s head, which was almost as weird as Taehyung’s mindless babbling. It took another five minutes for the 95 liners to come back out with a few bags in hand and bright smiles
“Took you long enough” Yoongi rolled his eyes, kicking off the wall his was leaning against
Hoseok followed a second after, standing from his crouched position next to Yoongi “Yeah, what was all that about?”
“Yoongi and I are having a movie night” Jimin answered holding a small flat box up in his left hand before putting carefully into one of the bags “Like a date, since we can’t really go on any real dates this is the next best thing, y’know?”
That didn’t really leave any room for argument, so Yoongi instead opted to lace his hand into Jimin’s silently as Hoseok cooed at them. Taehyung explained that he was just there to buy a shit ton of pocky and that he’s only willing to share if Hoseok can beat him in a video game tournament and Yoongi could guess what those two were gonna end up doing that night.
Jimin was tense, a little awkward even when they made their way back to their room, spitting up with Hoseok and Taehyung at the other end of the hallway.
“You ok?” He asked softly, giving the younger’s hand a light squeeze
Jimin jolted slightly, like he was knocked from a daze “Uh, yeah. Yeah!” he nodded, clearing his throat and giving Yoongi a tight-lipped smile “Totally fine”
“Liar” Yoongi hummed, “You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to Jiminie, I won’t force you” he said letting go of Jimin’s hand to take his jacket
“Everything’s fine” Jimin insisted running his hand through his hair “Just uh nervous? I guess?”
“I’m not gonna jump you if that’s what you’re worried about” Yoongi’s joking to make the mood lighter because Jimin should know that he’d never do anything he didn’t want, and the pause lasted a little longer than comfortable “I promise Sunshine I won’t” he assured, turning to look back at him
Jimin’s teeth caught his bottom lip harshly as he rocked on the heels “I like that nickname” he noted more to himself probably “But hyung, I can’t promise that same thing” and Yoongi eyebrows shot up “I mean if that’s ok with of course” Jimin backtracked
Yoongi blinked at him for a moment or too, not sure if he heard what he thought he heard “I- uh, ok, uhm” he coughed “Let me take a shower uh and we’ll talk”
The moment the bathroom door closed behind him he heard something akin to muffled screaming, which he assumed was Jimin screaming into a pillow – that thought made him chuckle despite his own inner turmoil.
Yoongi’s shower was somewhere between hot and cold, an oddly uncomfortable temperature because he really didn’t know if he should take a cold shower to calm the fuck down or a hot one for, well obvious reasons.
Yoongi threw on his pajamas quickly, opting out of underwear just in case. He walked out of the bathroom with a towel over his still dripping hair, making his way to sit down next to where Jimin was sprawled on the floor with a pillow (unsurprisingly) over his face.
“Jimin, you need to stop sleeping in weird places” Yoongi sighed, patting the younger’s stomach lightly
“’M not asleep” was the muffled response before Jimin sat up, holding the pillow in his arms, looking all too innocent for the conversation they were about to have “Just thinking”
“Thinking” Yoongi repeated “Care to share”
Jimin hummed smashing the pillow down into his lap “I love you hyung”
Yoongi raised an eyebrow “I love you too”
“Ok but listen” Jimin raised his hand to stop him from saying anything more “I loved you, way before we got together y’know like, for a year and a half”
And Yoongi snorted, shaking his head at the raised eyebrow “I won”
“You… won?” Jimin cocked his head to the side “Won what?”
“How long” Yoongi answered “I’ve been in love with you longer than that”
Jimin furrowed his eyebrows, blush slowly rising to his cheeks “How long then?”
Yoongi’s lips quirked up as h remembered Jimin being introduced to them “I-I’m Park Ji-Jimin” he raised his voiced into his best impersonation he could of his boyfriend, mocking the little stutter he had back then from his nerves, giving a light bow. He watched Jimin’s widen slightly as he continued in his normal voice “With that goddamn baby face of yours and baggy clothes and your hard-working attitude and giggles-”
Jimin’s lips were on his before he could continue, soft and plush just like how they’ve always been. He gasped at the action, hands finding purchase in Jimin’s hair and shirt. Jimin pushed him slowly to lay down as he picked up his pace, biting lightly at Yoongi’s bottom lip earning another gasp which he used to slip his tongue into the elder’s mouth, swallowing the noises he’d started making
“Fuck hyung” he muttered, pulling back just enough for their lips to barely brush “And I thought I had waited a long time” there was a laugh to his tone
If it were possible Yoongi would have flushed a deeper red at that “Shut up” he mumbled out
“Didn’t think you’d be so submissive though” Jimin teased, trailing light kisses down Yoongi’s jaw
Yoongi bit back a moan “Didn’t know you’d be so dominating” he weakly defended “Are we gonna move to the bed or do this on the floor?”
And Jimin stood, pulling Yoongi up with him, twirling them around and giving Yoongi a chaste kiss before pushing him onto the bed and pinning his hands next to his head.
Yoongi liked how Jimin took his time, no rush as their slips slotted together in a slow rhythm. It was only when their crotches brushed against each other did Jimin pick up his pace, lapping his way into Yoongi’s mouth. He one of his hands moving to pop the buttons of Yoongi’s pajama shirt open leisurely. And Yoongi took the chance to use his free hand to sneak up Jimin’s t-shirt, feeling the dips of his barely there abs. he moaned lowly into the elder’s mouth, pulling back to throw his off leaving him in just his skinny jeans, and Yoongi loved them earlier at the airport, tight and nicely fit but at that exact moment he despised them – wishing they were something looser, easier to get off  because he would know just as much as the next guy that skinny jeans were a bitch to get off. Jimin chuckled at the glare Yoongi was sending his pants as he slipped Yoongi’s pajama shirt off the elder’s shoulders, sliding his lips against the curve of his shoulder. Yoongi’s hands fumbled around at Jimin’s belt buckle for a second or two before getting swatted away with an amused smile
“What’s the hurry?” Jimin chuckled
“You didn’t have to wait for over three years” Yoongi mumbled, moving to suck at a spot on the other’s shoulder that he hoped would be covered by Jimin’s shirt so the stylists wouldn’t murder either of them for the mark “God I want you Jimin, I’ve only ever wanted you”
Jimin growled quietly, connecting their lips again biting harshly. The kiss was all tongue and teeth and it was rougher than any kiss they’d had before and Yoongi found himself letting out a high whine as Jimin’s hand came to palm over his clothed cock.
“So hard for me already Yoongi” Jimin mumbled against his lips “So good”
Yoongi would have had a response, would have sat up and spat a snarky remark back if it weren’t for the fact that Jimin was tugging his pajama pants down slowly quirking an eyebrow at the lack of boxers
“Don’t say a word” Yoongi groaned as the cool air hit his dick “I was too focused on you to think about that”
“Well I hope you’re still focused on me” Jimin joked
“No, Jimin I’m thinking about that lamp over there” voice dripping in sarcasm “That’s totally the only reason I’m so turned on right now”
Yoongi liked that he could make Jimin laugh even in this situation. Jimin’s head dipped down against his collar bone as a light chuckled escaped his lips, as he slid his hands over Yoongi’s sides after discarding the pants. Yoongi made a sound of protest, looping his fingers into Jimin’s waist band and tugging
“Off” he ordered “Now”
Jimin complied this time, unbuckling his belt and popping the button open, and then it hit Yoongi
“Wait, wait Jimin do…” he took a breath “Do you have the stuff?”
“The stuff?” Jimin cocked his head to the side and Yoongi was about two seconds away from either panicking or offering to 69 he’s not too sure which when Jimin nodded his head “Oh, yeah of course. What’d you take me for hyung?” he laughed, rolling off the bed to rummage in the bags he’d gotten from the convenience store earlier “This stuff, right?” he asked, holding up a bottle of lube and a condom
Yoongi heaved a sigh of relief, collapsing back into the mattress running his hand over his face “Of course that’s what you really went in there to buy, fucker”
Jimin laughed, kicking off his jeans while he was standing setting the lube on the bed as he crawled back between Yoongi’s thighs, swooping down to pepper all over Yoongi’s face
“I love you” Yoongi smiled, hand caressing Jimin’s jawline once he’d pulled back
Jimin responded with another kiss, hands sliding up to tweak Yoongi’s nipple’s, rubbing the buds lightly “So, uh” he cleared his throat “Top or bottom”
Yoongi stared at blankly, eyebrow raised ever so slightly “Gee I don’t know Jimin” he gestured broadly at his spread legs “What do you fucking think?”
Jimin chuckled lowly, head dipping down to nip at his neck but barely light enough not to mark “You’re too sarcastic right now” he mumbled, mouth moving down stopping to lick over the pert nipple “Someday I might have to punish you” he said, teasing the bud with his teeth
The noise Yoongi made would be embarrassing if it were anyone else, but it was Jimin so instead of acknowledging it he found himself canting his hips up instead “Can you just-” he groaned at the feeling of Jimin’s hands sliding over the inside of his thigh, pushing them farther apart “do something” he knew he was already leaking precum and he’s only barely been touched
Jimin made his way lower, planting kisses every few seconds and just when Yoongi thought he was going to give him some sort of relief, just mire centimeters away from where he so desperately needed to be touched, Jimin moved farther down, biting and sucking hickeys onto his thighs – marking him in the only way he could. Yoongi at this point was a panting mess, gripping at the sheets hard enough to turn his knuckles white.
“Your legs are so pretty Yoongi” he smiled against his thigh, panting kisses to the newly formed bruises “Always so pretty”
Yoongi wanted to tell Jimin to hurry the fuck up and stop drawing the foreplay out for so long because he was going to lose his fucking mind, and he was about to until he felt something slick prodding his entrance – causing his breath to hitch in anticipation.
“Yoongi breath” Jimin scolded, kissing his way back up to his lips “Relax, you need to relax or it’ll hurt”
Yoongi let out a shaky breath “I’m ok” he inhaled deeply “Just kiss me or something” exhale
Jimin bent down, pecking his lips a few times before running his tongue long the seam of Yoongi’s lips, the tip of his finger breaching Yoongi’s rim the same time Yoongi granted entrance. Jimin guided one of Yoongi’s hands to his hair with his free hand for something to keep the elder grounded and he was knuckle deep
“Fuck, so tight” Jimin mumbled “How do you feel?”
“Like there’s a finger up my ass” Yoongi informed flatly, wiggling his hips slightly “Get on with it damn it”
Jimin smiled, planting a few pecks around his face as he started pumping his finger slowly in and out of Yoongi’s hole
Yoongi liked how carefully Jimin was prepping him, only adding the second and third fingers when Yoongi gave his ok, asking how he was doing, scissoring slowly, it was nice and Yoongi appreciated it.
He even liked the little smirk Jimin had on his face when his back arched up off the mattress as soon as he’d found his prostate. Continuously pressing into it every chance his got and Yoongi swears if he keeps doing that he’ll come untouched by just Jimin’s fingers and as appealing that may sound, he’d much rather prefer something just a bit bigger (or a lot if the bulge in Jimin’s boxers was anything to go by) he whined, reaching for Jimin’s wrist to stop
“Jimin, I’m good” he assured “Fuck me”
Jimin paused, taking a deep breath before pulling his fingers out and reaching for the condom.
  Yoongi looked down at Jimin watching as he tore the condom wrapper open with his teeth and slowly slid it on. Yoongi snorted, raising an eyebrow
“What?” Jimin asked, voice closer to a whine than he’d ever admit
Yoongi shook his head slightly, “Nothin” he chuckled “You just ripped it with your teeth”
“I did” Jimin nodded, cocking his head for a second “I’m trying to be sexy “
“You do enough of that on stage” Yoongi rolled his eyes “Now’s not the time”
“Yoongi we’re literally having sex” Jimin remarked “Now is the most appropriate time”
And they were laughing, bright smiled and little giggles even if it wasn’t that funny but in their situation, they couldn’t help but to laugh. Yoongi remembers distantly, when Yoongi was still young and naïve – only in elementary school –  his mother saying to his older that you’re not with the right person if you can’t laugh at times like these. Yoongi was laughing and content because he’d found the right person for him, and Jimin was laughing right back. He found himself tugging Jimin up, bringing him down for a kiss.
It was clumsy, both still smiling each planting pecks instead of actually kissing as they came down. Jimin was still letting out light chuckles while Yoongi carded his hands through the younger’s hair, and he could have stayed like that, staring at his beautiful boyfriend with a big ass smile, but there was still an ache between his legs and an odd emptiness
After a few more pecks to the lips, Yoongi spoke up “No, but seriously, I need to cum and I’m sure you do too so…”
Jimin nodded kissing Yoongi properly for the first time in what seems like too long “You’re sure?” he confirmed tracing over Yoongi’s face for any signs of hesitance
“Oh my god” Yoongi groaned “Just do it before I flip us over and ride you or something Jesus fuck”
“That doesn’t sound too bad” Jimin pondered out loud, teasingly “But let’s save that for a different time, yeah?” Jimin paused to line himself up “Tell me if you need me to stop, ok?” Yoongi nodded and that’s all he needed before pushing in
Yoongi made a strangled noise at the stretch, it wasn’t necessarily painful but he’d be lying if he said it didn’t burn at least a little, but he never told him to stop. So, he didn’t until he’d bottomed out, immediately asking if the elder was ok.
“’M fine” he panted “Jus’ give me a minute”
And Jimin did, kissing him slowly to distract from any discomfort. Yoongi squeezed his bicep as a signal to move. He started slowly moving his hips deepening the kiss as he did, dipping his tongue into his mouth at the first gasp Yoongi let out. It didn’t take long for his pace to speed up, Yoongi’s back arching up, moan breaking the kiss off when Jimin hit his prostate.
“Found it” he sang quietly kissing down his neck sucking enough to leave pink marks that would be gone by morning. Once Jimin found it he didn’t let up, hitting it every other thrust as he wrapped his hand around the elder’s neglected cock
It’d be embarrassing, how fast Yoongi came after that – if it weren’t for Jimin’s praise as he pumped him through his orgasm, also Cumming a few thrusts after.
Jimin collapsed on top of him not minding the sweat and cum on them as he planted kisses over Yoongi’s shoulder, mumbling words of adoration into his skin. Yoongi was dozing when Jimin’s pulled out, making a sound of distaste but nothing more until he felt a damp washcloth over his stomach – jolting at the sudden feeling
“Sorry hyung” Jimin whispered, running his hand through his damp hair smiling sheepishly “We can take a shower or something tomorrow”
Yoongi hummed, opening his arms slightly “Come” and Jimin laughed, tossing the washcloth somewhere off to the side as he climbed back to the bed settling in Yoongi’s arms
“Wow Min Yoongi, badass rapper Suga” Jimin laughed, nuzzling into his neck with a smile “Both bottoms and cuddles after sex”
“I will kick you to the other bed” Yoongi weakly threated, still mostly asleep “Don’t test me Park”
Jimin whined, snuggling closer and wrapping his arms around Yoongi’s waist “No!” he whined “I’m sorry, I was kidding”
Yoongi hummed, petting his hand through Jimin’s hair “I love you even if you are a brat” he mumbled against the younger’s hair line
Yoongi likes waking up to Jimin. Likes waking up to see the sun filtering through the hotel curtains, illuminating him in a way that makes him seem almost angelic – which to Yoongi he was. Likes waking up to a mess of tangled limbs and sleepy smiles and hands rubbing up and down his side, making his sore lower back almost unnoticeable. He liked how when Hoseok and Namjoon came to knock on the door to invite them to do something somewhere in Tokyo with them, Jimin came up with a bullshit excuse that Yoongi was still asleep even they’d been up for at least two hours. Liked how Jimin coddled him for the whole day, despite Yoongi’s protests and denying that he was enjoying it.
Honestly, Yoongi has yet to find something he dislikes about Jimin so he guesses he likes Jimin in every way.



Afterword


End Notes
if you made it this far bless you for reading my porn with feelings, i've never written smut before so ha i was screaming the whole time let me know what you think though


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



