



In Our Hands Love Lies - DeadpanSnarker - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

In Our Hands, Love Lies Bleeding
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/24011053.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Park Jimin
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Taehyung | V, BTS Ensemble
Additional Tags:
Power Couple AU, Painter Jungkook, Writer Jimin, Pining, Childhood Friends, Slow Burn, Friends to Lovers, Love/Hate, Light Angst, Fluff, they cant communicate, unless it's thru their art, if ‘it’s complicated’ had a pairing name, basically theyre trash but theyre Meant To Be™ ok
Stats:

        Published: 2020-05-05
          Completed: 2020-08-08
          Chapters: 11/11
        Words: 83338
      

In Our Hands, Love Lies Bleeding
by DeadpanSnarker
Summary
Eleven. Eleven stages of love, eleven years of pining, eleven crippling fears, eleven items on his bucket list—that same list which becomes Eleven Ways to Break JK’s Heart. Growing up, Jimin and Jungkook make a handful of promises to one another, among which is buying and flaunting the other’s work. What isn’t promised is them becoming the inspiration behind each other’s art.And to each his own. Jungkook mixes colours—yellow and orange to fly close to the sun, blue and white to dive deep into the ocean, black and red to bleed out his heart. Jimin combines words—night and day for a stolen twilight, crime and forgiveness for a second glance, stars and scars for his gaping heart. One is made of memories and the other is made of his absence—and love breaks their bones and they laugh.




Attraction



 Once upon another lifetime,where humans and angelscould collide worldsand it wouldn’t bea little too soon—a little too much—a little too dark—a little too sinful—where we’re not night and dayonly meeting in twilight,crashing momentstoo seductive, addictive,  In another lifetime whereonly wishbones are broken,We’d hold our joint heartremembering how we werebound before birth;With your hand in mine,Our crime of passion,unforgotten and unforgiven—your doing, my undoing—bursts in blacks;We would’ve riskedthe world falling apartthan let Oursfall into pieces. Let Us Leave the Sky to Bleed, (2019) ✦✦✦ When his family first moved neighbourhoods, Jimin had been particularly thrilled about the promised change of scenery. It felt as though a fresh breeze were rejuvenating his life, and it was much warranted in such a hot summer. Change, his soul hungered. Which was quite of an irony in itself: Early on Jimin had resigned himself to the fact that not all fresh starts heralded exciting moments. Somehow, still, he liked to remain optimistic. After all, Park Jimin, like any other teenager, had a lust for life—a thirst to run wild and explore and live to the fullest. Stagnating was never an option because a free soul had to keep moving and experiencing until it had found something worth stopping at—worth writing about.In a way, said fresh start meant he got to do a lot of things he liked for the first time again. What he forgot to take into consideration was how he had forfeited his old secret spot and he would have to find a new one now. There was one minor problem, though: Jimin couldn’t afford having so little escape for such extended periods of time; it drove him insane. Or, euphemisms aside, he just really needed to be alone and away every now and then—and right now was one of those itching moments. On the course of the past ten days, he had a handful of bad attempts that led to nowhere—no place catering to the quiet he needed. All until yesterday anyway.Because you found the best of things when you weren’t looking for them, no?Or maybe it was those things that found you.Or enough poetry bullshit—the books Park Jimin had been reading were really starting to get into his head. He had stumbled across this secret garden because, one could say, he was in flight mode and the brain is a particularly fascinating thing when put under stress.Jimin was just jumping the fence, blatantly ignoring the ‘private property’ sign, and about to scale a much higher wall when he heard something that made him pause. He was sure no one was in that house—whose garden he was trespassing—during summer: there was no way his bliss at having found the perfect spot would be so short-lived. But no, such sweet tunes could only extend his bliss rather than end it.A boy.Still quite literally on the fence, Jimin allowed himself a few moments of studying the humming boy. He seemed so out of it, so into whatever he was doing—earphones plugged in, singing along softly as he wrote something. No, he wasn’t writing; he was sketching. Albeit Jimin's entire weight was pulled up by his arms, he somehow managed to fold them and rest his chin on top of them. Everyone say thank you years and years of kendo.The boy’s stalker senses kicked in and he lifted up his head. When their eyes met, Jimin cracked a smile and lifted one hand to wave; the boy, however, looked so much like a deer caught in headlights.Hello, Jimin mouthed, still smiling, still waiting.The boy unplugged his earphones, blinked twice, then said, “Hello,”At that, Jimin jumped the wall and was soon on the other side. By the time he reached the tree against which the boy was leaning, he had noticed two things. The first was that the boy had already set aside his sketch, facing downwards. The second was that said boy was really younger than Jimin had originally assumed.Sandaled feet pushing away a pebble, Jimin shoved his hands in his shorts pockets and contemplated a number of approaches trying to get this mute stranger, sitting awkwardly staring him up, to speak. And somehow, a Why did you stop drawing? didn’t sound like the best of options.“So,” Jimin started playfully, “What brings you to my humble abode, you beautiful human being?”Slightly over the top but it did it: the boy let out a chuckle, shy at first, then he full out grinned at Jimin.“This is your humble abode?”There was a certain undertone to that question that Jimin quite liked.“It is.” Jimin shrugged. “I'm the spirit guarding this garden.”The boy laughed and rose to his feet, making Jimin jump two dramatic steps back—holding up a hand and startling the boy.“Careful, don’t touch me! I would vanish if I came into physical contact with a human being!”The sound that the boy let out as he laughed now made his earlier soft signing pale into comparison. When he stopped laughing—though Jimin was still grinning—he said,“Next thing you'd be asking me to call you Gin?”“Nah, ‘hyung’ is fine.”The boy nodded, “I'm Jeon Jungkook,”He bowed a perfect ninety and that was when Jimin decided: He stans. He was going to befriend this beautiful human called Jeon Jungkook. He spotted a stick amidst the shimmy grass, went to grab it, then turned around to point it at Jungkook who was still curiously watching him.“You're welcome to my garden anytime, artist-nim Jeon Jungkookie, given that you show me your drawings of course.”Another shy laugh.“This is not your garden and I'm not an artist.”“Only one of those two things is true.”Jungkook arched an eyebrow and Jimin took him up on his silent dare, eyes flickering to the sketch. Before Jungkook could react, Jimin had reached for the sketch, tuning out Jungkook's whines and putting some safe distance between them. Park Jimin wasn’t much of an art critic; he leaned more towards nonvisual art forms like music and literature. But, well, let’s say that his hunch wasn’t wrong.“It’s not good at all and I'm not good enough yet and it’s the first time I try my hand at illustrations because I usually paint recreations—”“It’s really good!” Jimin interrupted Jungkook's disclaimers. And he meant it. “I can't wait till you're a Famous Artist tee-em so I could brag that I know you.”Jungkook flinched but quickly rekindled his smile. “I'm not going to be an artist.”Jimin finally turned to him, cocking his head—Why?“No reason.”There was plenty of reasons apparently, but Jimin decided to let it drop. He heaved a dramatic sigh and sat down, looking up as the sun painted Jungkook in an array of yellows.“Okay, Jungkookie, if you want to deprive the world of your talent then so be it. But remember this day, this is your origin story,” he made a sweeping motion with his hand, “in my garden.”Again, Jungkook laughed. He then did something Jimin didn’t expect: Jungkook sat down next to him, gently prying the sketch from Jimin's hands.“I can show you better ones tomorrow or so,”An implied promise—Jimin loved that. Jungkook was giggling to himself, leafing through the pages.“I also happen to have a Hotarubi no Mori e painting. Here,”As Jungkook presented the drawing, Jimin was becoming surer of a lot of things.“Okay, dude, for real. I'm so going to buy one of your paintings someday and it’ll be the centrepiece in my place.”“And hang it where?” Jimin loved the game in Jungkook's eyes; he was more than just this shy clumsy kid apparently. “In your forest?”Jimin smiled wryly. “I can be full of surprises.”Jungkook didn’t respond; he was just grinning from ear-to-ear at Jimin—who was probably mirroring him—and the latter could feel that his seventeenth summer was going to be quite a ride.“Okay, hyung. It’s a promise then.”Okay. This garden was definitely something worth stopping at. And stopping at Jimin did.



Attachment
Chapter Summary
Once upon a time, a writer fell in love with a painter. They let love break them and called it art.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




It wasn’t often that an artist stood before their creation and felt dwarfed, especially not when their surroundings were a tribute to their genius. But it wasn’t always that finished products felt so domineering, so confusing.Perhaps it was true: perhaps you couldn’t separate the art from the artist.Jungkook didn’t know how long he had been staring at the painting. It must have been for a long while because everything but his art became white noise—the soft clicks of the champagne flutes dulled; the soothing melodies of the instrumental piece receded; the indistinct chatter of the exhibition-goers diminished, their faces blurred. Everything ambient paled into the background as Jungkook pondered the hung piece—towering and colossal and frameless and abstract and expressive and dense, even with the little black he used for his soft strokes. For his final touches. Expression soft and lips vaguely smiling, Jungkook looked and gazed and pondered. He felt as though he were in his studio, where it was just him and his art. Him against his art.He almost laughed out loud, providing a living proof to the ‘mad artist’ theory his critics and fans alike entertained. Here was Jeon Jungkook standing in one of Seoul’s biggest annual exhibitions with his work being the centrepiece, receiving praise left and right, and all he could think of was how absolutely insane—downright mad—he had been to not only exhibit such a painting, but to paint it in the first place. All he could see now were all the things gone wrong with it. Typical.Someone was standing next to him and Jungkook was about to walk away—he should probably pick up his phone and return his mother’s ignored calls—but his eyes were still glued to the painting, smiling crookedly—challengingly—at it.“How much for this painting?”“It’s not for sale,” Jungkook's head was halfway turning when it sank in—the breezy question, the honeysuckled timbre, the inherent playfulness.He would know him anywhere—that voice, that smile, those eyes—even in death.“What is it, Jungkookie, I thought whatever I asked for, you'd be willing to give me?”After what Jungkook hoped was a successfully unnoticeable gulp, he had fully turned to his companion, smiling casually—playfully even. It was unmistakable; there he stood: Park Jimin.“Now that’s a face I never expected to see again.”Jimin cocked his head to the right; Jungkook knew the gesture by heart—understood what followed.“Doesn’t mean you didn’t hope you would.” Without breaking gaze, Jimin—as though wagging his finger—pointed at the painting. “Can't believe you're denying me this beauty. Would’ve traded you the sun for it.”Jungkook snorted. “You mean give me back.”“It was mine… obviously the last thing I’ll be getting from you.”Jungkook bit the first reply he had for that and opted for the second one in line instead.“Well, a painting worth hundreds of millions? I say you're overplaying your hand a bit here.”“Rightt,” Jimin leant in and feigned reading the label under the painting—its name. “Ask for My Heart… that indeed has to be too much to ask of you. Even for me.”Jungkook let that slide and averted his gaze to the painting again, folding his arms. Jimin shoved his hands casually in his pockets, looking up at the painting—eyes scrutinizing every brush and every stroke that had it been anyone else Jungkook would have felt naked.Wrong: He wouldn’t have felt naked had it been anyone else. But right now everything was pushed back into the recess of his mind: There was no other way to go about this. And so it was unsettling and calming at the same time—how they could stand so close and so silent without feeling the distance of everything they had put between them. Without crumbling under their weight. Jungkook could see Jimin drawing in a breath, mouth quirking up in a certain kind of way. It was one of those simple Jimin gestures he had long been attuned to—that knowledge becoming at first to his advantage then to his disadvantage. He knew the best defense is offense; and so, he broke the silence first.“You know what I'd really love to do to this painting right now?” Jungkook paused, feeling the weight of Jimin's gaze on him, and letting a soft smile spread across his lips. “I'd really like to take a rag and drag it across the canvas.”“Typical Jungkookian painting-cruelty, just stop!”He didn’t know what made him flinch—Jimin's playful clap against his chest, or Jimin's familiarity, words and actions. Jungkook was spared from having to reply nonetheless because his phone was ringing and Park-‘I'm sorry baby he doesn’t mean that’-Jimin still had his attention directed at the painting.Sadly, the short call from his agent didn’t buy him enough time. And by the time Jungkook was finished—was back at Jimin's side next to another painting—his lips had been letting the words out.“We should totally catch up over lunch or something.”It was the polite thing to say—the adult, mature thing. They were slipping through the crowd, Jimin leading them towards the door, and Jungkook felt the need to busy his hands—his gaze—with something. So he grabbed one of the brochures from the stand closest to the door.“What do you say, Friday?”“Can't. I have this workshop thing going.”“My Time, right? I didn’t know you taught there yourself.”“On the official schedule, I am to drop by once every month, but I like to help when I can.” Jungkook shrugged, eyes still skimming the brochure. “Kinda hypocritical wanting to teach others art if you're not going to show up and, you know, teach them yourself.”“Well that’s very generous of you.”Jungkook’s reply was ready but he paused, eyes travelling up to make sure of what he already knew: Jimin wasn’t being sarcastic. Park Jimin wasn’t the type to get snarky. Shifting his weight, Jungkook allowed himself a smirk then said,“Making you proud yet?”It was instantaneous; it was warm. “Always.”No. Don’t do this. Jungkook was sure the entire exhibition could hear the snap of his teeth as his jaw clenched. He offered no reply, though, merely sufficing with looking away.“Oh my god,” a very familiar, very annoying—yet very much needed—voice interjected. It was Yugyeom spotting them, eyes going back and forth between Jimin and Jungkook as he ambled over. “Who is this beautiful person and what series of unfortunate events has placed you in Jungkook's orbit?”This change of pace was all Jungkook needed. If a ghost showing up unwarrantedly shook him up to undo years of psychological progress, then his fellow artist joining their group was sufficient to make Jungkook switch back to being the untouchable painter that he worked so hard to become.“Yugyeom, this’s Park Jimin-ssi, I believe you might’ve read some of his works.”Yugyeom was already bowing and looking at Jimin like he was the eighth wonder of the world, and Jungkook didn’t want to hang on Jimin's reaction to his former statement.“Your short-story collection, Shattered Hourglass, is my religion, I'm not even kidding.”Jimin was genuinely laughing and Jungkook tried to tune them out, using the time-out to map out his next move—his exit strategy. Yugyeom's fanboy knowledge and Jimin's ever so diplomatic demeanour were enough to carry the conversation without a moderator.“I'm really excited for the upcoming movie adaptation!” Yugyeom made a blown-away poof motion with his palm, eyes reflecting the fascination, and briefly glanced over his shoulder as someone called out to him. His expression shaded into weariness for a split of a second then he turned to Jimin again. “Would’ve loved to chat with you more, Jimin-ssi, but I have to go and pretend I intentionally put enough elements for all the deep readings people see in my painting.”Even though this had earned Yugyeom a Jiminian laugh, Jimin waited for him to be completely out of earshot before saying,“Is it a prerequisite for painters to always slander their work like that?”Jungkook smiled. “They kick us out of the Tortured Artist Club otherwise.”Once he looked away from where Yugyeom had slipped into the crowd and back at Jimin, Jungkook could physically see the pause—the kind that he much dreaded and not without reason.“Jungkook, listen—”He considered interrupting Jimin but somehow there were too many and too few words at the same time and he didn’t know how to cope with either. And perhaps he perfectly articulated that through the way he looked at Jimin—else why did the latter stop talking when Jungkook's gaze met his?“It’s still a no with the painting?”Clearly not the original course of the words, but Jungkook wasn’t eager to get hear the end of Jimin's Jungkook listen. There were so many ways this scenario could play out, so many disasters could unfold should they make the wrong move—should Jimin say the wrong thing. Everything between them was double-edged now; bridges were solid but they were atop sodium fire and not water. The future either lay on the end of the past’s continuum, or it was constructed by the present; and that was exactly why Jungkook didn’t want to tread on any of those old bridges connecting to the past.He daren’t.He smirked, inching closer—dangerously so.“Why?” he could smell Jimin's perfume, “Tell me why this painting specifically and I will consider your request.”And two could play this game. At that proximity, Jimin angled his face so he could look Jungkook in the eye; and the latter could feel the whisper-like words against his skin.“Can't you tell by now? You know I've always had a thing for sensual art.”“Wow, narcissism isn’t cute, you know that?” It made Jimin laugh, not just any laugh, but one reminiscent of many nights on rooftops and others along beaches and longer ones amidst grass counting stars. And because Jungkook caught himself indulging his self, not just visually and aurally, he had to break gaze—had to check his phone for the time.“So, I gotta split. Have to pretend I too understand every painting there. We’ll work this lunch thingie out some other time, yea?”Pressing a smile, Jimin nodded. His body was angled slightly away from Jungkook's, lips clearly hesitating before some words, but he finally decided to settle on pressing Jungkook's shoulder lightly—familiarly—before turning around to leave.Then and only then did Jungkook's smile falter. ✦✦✦ ~[15]Two days ago, when Jimin told Jungkook he wanted to make a special hand-crafted present for his mom’s birthday, the younger—after inquiring about Park Chanri’s likes and dislikes—had suggested they make something using seashells. Originally, Jimin had sought him out because, according to him, Jungkook was the artist—which the latter called absolute bullshit but alas.It was a good excuse for Jungkook to do three of his favourite things: work on art project, walk along the beach, and spend time with Park Jimin.“Don’t you think you’ve collected enough?” Jimin asked as Jungkook put yet another shell in their bucket.“It’s a collage, hyung, we’ll need a lot.”The way Jimin looked at him at that—the slow mischievous smile and the shift in posture—made Jungkook fear for his life. He was closer to the sea, and he knew he was one comment away from being pushed there. Jimin had been considering that for a while.But Jimin just continued walking, his bare foot kicking some of the water as the low tide teased their toes. Something was on his mind; that, too, Jungkook had noticed a while ago.“I can't believe you'll be abandoning me at the tender age of fifteen.”“You'll almost be sixteen by the time I have to leave.” Jimin shot him a look as dramatic as Jungkook's tone. “Plus it’s only one exchange-semester abroad; it’s not like I'm not seeing you ever again.”“Yes but… it’s just that highschool is hard.”Jimin's hand reached to ruffle Jungkook's hair, smile as bright and as warm as the sun. Jungkook had a love-hate relationship with that gesture.“I know you'll manage, Kookie, you always do. I can't wait to come back and see how much you’ve grown.”Grinning, Jungkook swatted Jimin's hand away, kicked some water at his direction, and ran before Jimin could retaliate. When Jimin finally caught up with him—hugging him from behind to disable his movement, the seashell bucket tossed and forgotten—Jungkook almost toppled down and took them both down to the water. By the time Jimin started tickling an already breathless Jungkook, the latter had said, “Okay, okay, enough, you win!”Reluctantly, Jimin let him go, traces of his laughter etched into the corners of his eyes—Now that’s a first.Jungkook would have begged to differ: So many times he had let Jimin win on purpose. Okay maybe not always on purpose, but he didn’t make a big deal out of it when he lost. That had to count for something, didn’t it?“Hyung, can I ask you a question?”“Since when do you need permission for that?”Bending down to retrieve the bucket, Jungkook rolled his eyes. Most days it was him not letting Jimin breathe, but whenever Jungkook tried to be serious, Jimin had to Uno-reverse him. It wasn’t like he was complaining.“Do you know what you'll do after school?”“You mean after my junior year is over or like after senior graduation?”“To quote a sophisticated friend of mine who uses intellectual words”—Jungkook was smiling wryly, locking eyes with Jimin—“the latter.”Jimin laughed and punched Jungkook lightly on the shoulder, and Jungkook couldn’t help but wonder when his growth sprout would work its magic so Jimin could stop pulling shit like that. Well, not stop, per se; he wanted that change to tip the balance of their ‘teasing’ dynamic only slightly.He would reach his final form; Jeon Jungkook would catch up to Park Jimin.“I don't know, I'm still interested in so many things,” Jimin's pitch dropped at the last part, “But I don’t think I'm good enough at anything in particular to pursue it.”“Bullshit!” It came out heated enough for Jimin's head to turn to Jungkook and for the latter to see the widening eyes, even in the ambient moonlight.“You know I always thought you were cool, but ever since orientation day at your highschool and I can't help thinking that I need to step up my game, class president,” Jungkook rolled his eyes dramatically. “I think the problem is that you're too good at too many things, and not the other way around.”There was a pause; Jungkook had to stop walking. Jimin's expression was inscrutable.“You really think that?”Jungkook only nodded. He might have only known Park Jimin for one summer but the guy was crazy good at many things. It was often Jimin dishing out praises about Jungkook's art, but that was the thing; Jungkook had only his art. He barely even had that. Jimin? Jimin had the entire world.“I think maybe I want to take up kendo professionally, or try dancing even. But then I remember how there are so many people better than me who have been doing that for years so I can't really compete. So I think maybe I should be a scientist, major in chemistry or something, but I feel like I have too many untold stories and unsung songs in me to pursue such a discipline.”“Well there you have it,” Jungkook made a swooping motion with his hand. “Untold stories—you read a lot, and your wrinkly wet brain sometimes gives me those orgasm-like intellectual spasms—”Jimin chuckled. Okay, joke deserved more than emptying one’s breathing cavity but Jungkook would take what he could get.“—so I'm sure you can easily add ‘writing’ to that list.”“Dude… you have no idea how often I fantasize about that. And that’s what scares me.”“How much you want it?”Jimin bit his lip, hesitating. “I just think I want to be everything because I can't want one thing enough. Or maybe because I feel nothing wants me enough—like I won't bring anything new to the table so no one cares, you feel me?”Jungkook did. Park Jimin had such a way with words it made the younger mind-blown. He never knew words, clumsy words fretting about his lips, could come out so smoothly and be strung so coherently in a way that not only made sense, but made everything make sense—made sense of the mess that was Jungkook. Because that was the thing; oftentimes and in the most unexpected of times Jimin would know how to phrase what Jungkook struggled to explain—whatever Jungkook was feeling but failing to express. Not to self-insert or anything, but guess there were just one too many parallel lines drawn between Jungkook's lifeline—his book of fate—and Jimin's.Slowly, Jungkook closed the distance, knuckles grazing against Jimin's accidentally as he called for his attention.“I may not be a scientist but I have a theory,”“Terrible start but go on.”Jungkook ignored that, glad that Jimin was back in his element. He linked his pinky finger to Jimin's, swaying their hands playfully a bit.“Imagine we are all created with a credit of a 100 points, every single one of us.” Jungkook began, thinking of HPs in games and fighting final bosses and saved-up boosters. “Now imagine that hexagon showing your stats. I believe everyone’s adds up eventually to just those 100 points. Some of us get like 10 in being pretty, 10 in having a peaceful home, 15 in being liked by others, 20 maybe in being good at maths or maybe even 5 being rich or whatever, and you get like 50 distributed among your many talents and so on.”Jimin's pupils darted up; he was clearly doing the maths and Jungkook knew it wasn’t adding up so he quickly waved both hands in front of Jimin's face, pitch rising a bit, to draw back his attention.“Point is, we may or may not share the same category in our stats, and your 5 might be my 10, but it’s guaranteed you'll have a 20 in something I suck at… or even completely lack. That’s what makes us all beautiful and unique snowflakes.”Jimin's silence and the way he was eyeing Jungkook unnerved the latter. He had made an absolute fool of himself and he was grateful for the darkness because he could feel his ears heating up. He was turning around, breaking their contact, and mumbling a faint Never mind.But their hands never parted. Jimin tugged on Jungkook's hand, pulling him back.“Thank you. I really needed to hear that.”If Jungkook's ears hadn’t already been red, they absolutely would have combusted now. But of course he played it off with a Good, because I wouldn’t put myself through doing that maths for just anything, you know. At which, of course, Jimin laughed.   
Black is poetry.
Jungkook was still staring at his canvas, daring it to oppose him—to contain the mess of blacks his brushes were bleeding—when the door to his room opened.“Jungkook, someone’s here to see you.”He was so confused; no one came to visit him in his place. It might have something to do with why Jungkook wouldn’t invite anyone to his house.But apparently, Park Jimin wasn’t anyone. Avoiding inviting Jimin to his house—despite being at Jimin's more times than one could count—was a miracle in itself. They often hung around in the city, namely their garden and most quiet places they could find. But everything had to have a first, no?And so, Jungkook's mom opened the door wider to let Jimin in; he politely bowed and waited for her to disappear down the stairs. Jungkook still couldn’t wrap his head around how Jimin was right here, right now—standing in his bedroom.On pressing a smile, Jimin tentatively approached the canvas—tentatively approached Jungkook. He didn’t seem to have plenty of curiosity about Jungkook's room—just his art.“Wow you sure are confident.”Jungkook’s eyebrows knitted and he finally put down his palette, wiping his paint-stained hands on his shorts. When Jimin saw Jungkook's confused expression, he waved a hand in the air and began to elaborate.“It’s just that not anyone would use black so boldly, especially when the painting’s still a work-in-progress.”“My teacher hates that about my work too.” Jungkook laughed humourlessly.“Hate? Hell no.” Jimin sat perched on the edge of Jungkook's desk, arms folded. “Black is gripping and powerful, but it’s raw power because unlike white you can't paint over it. It’s complex and it’s there to stay and it makes a statement; that’s why people tend to use it carefully.” He paused, chuckling quietly in spite of himself then meeting Jungkook's eyes. “Pure and beautiful and uncontrollable.”“Leave it to you to romanticize anything.” Jungkook had to look away. “Your words kinda make me want to be the black paint.”Jimin was laughing, head tipped and sound rich; but it didn’t sound all too humourous to Jungkook. When he was done, he cocked his head to the right, smiling half-a-smile at Jungkook.“This is not the take away from this, Jungkook-ah!”“Then what is?” Jungkook met the challenge, eyes narrowing. “Wouldn’t you use black if you could?”“To me it’s like I'm writing with a pen and can't go back on a single thing.”“You don’t have to. With art, you can transform it.”Jimin scoffed. “What is it?”“Anything.” Jungkook was still confident. “A mistake, things you'd rather have approached differently.”Jimin didn’t reply; they were only locking eyes. After a few beats sufficient to make Jungkook's heart race faster, Jimin had let out small chuckle, looked down, then pushed himself off the desk.“Touché.”Jungkook was about to say something but he heard the main door to the house being opened then shut close. His dad was back. He might have stiffened a bit.“What do you say if we biked around a bit?”Jimin might not have known what was wrong but even by then he could read Jungkook enough. And so, he was cracking a smile.“Good thing I brought my bike then.” They ended up by some river, playing stone skipping and laughing at how bad they were at it. And soon, their chatter gave way to another game: their famous one of Would you rather.
Would you rather people always understood your paintings, or no one acknowledging their genius?

The latter.
Jimin seemed amused by Jungkook's answer, but Jungkook wouldn’t let him hang on his every word so he shot back quickly.“Would you rather listen to that one music genre you hate for the rest of your life, or not being able to hear the voice of your favourite people?”Jimin pondered, eventually choosing the former. There was a hesitant pause; it made Jungkook halt—hand midair—and sneak a glance at Jimin.“Oh-uh.” Jungkook tried to make light of it. “You're going to get real.”Jimin just laughed. “Would you rather I never came today, or your dad?”Laughing, Jungkook let go of the stone and fell back to his butt, sitting on the damp riverside and looping his arms around his bent-up knees.“The latter.” He didn’t really have to think about it. “I wasn’t trying to hide it, you know. I just didn’t want you to think any less of me.”Jimin sat next to him. “Would you like me less if I was born with a bowl-cut?”Jungkook barely managed his What? amidst his giggles.“Exactly. It’s something you don’t have a say in. I can't judge you for anything you aren’t responsible for.”Jungkook nodded apprehensively. He bit the inside of his cheek, wondering if he could tell Jimin the entire story—wondering what Jimin inferred from meeting his perfume-and-alcohol-reeking dad on their way out. From his mom’s avoidant eyes and Jungkook's hostile one. What did Park Jimin infer from that morning last week, when Jungkook couldn’t tell him that the reason his nose was bleeding after school had been because he got in a fight with a colleague who just had to spew some bullshit based on hearsay? This was depressing, and Jungkook had to tread carefully down this line of thought.“Remember when we first met?”Jimin turned his head to Jungkook, his eyes propelling the other on. Memories of that last summer were threatening to become all too vivid, but Jungkook stared in Jimin's eyes and he let those oceans calm him—anchor him.“I was avoiding dealing with him. I just wanted to draw in peace and he’s not really my greatest fan. He thinks art is unpractical and that I won't amoun—”Jungkook had to bite down that part. Too soon. He didn’t want to seem like that very terrible WIP before Jimin's confident eyes; he was sure he looked enough of a lost puppy that he needn’t more of his insecurities leaking out at the moment.
Maybe someday.
They sat in silence for a few beats. Jungkook grew up in a house where silence was associated with the calm before the storm. Along came Jimin, and Jungkook realized silences can be comfortable—comforting. He heard Jimin's giggle before he registered the words.“It’s funny,”Looking at the elder—at how starlight reflected off his irises—Jungkook realized he wouldn’t know what colour to use to paint Jimin's celestial eyes.“What is?”“That we met because we were both trying to hide—the fact that you and I met because we had the same hiding place.”Jungkook looked and looked and he couldn’t make sense of Jimin. You would have thought all that art would have made him exempt from making such a mistake—from not confusing a piece for the whole. You never looked at art and hung on one or two elements. You admired—or hated—them in particular, yes; but you had to take a step back and take up the entire work to make sense of it. To understand it. To have it move you.There wasn’t much he knew of the world back then, but he wouldn’t risk a single black stroke with Jimin. That much he knew.



Chapter End Notes
fellas, the number in the square bracket is koos age... i'll be sticking to how each chapter's flashback should be covering one (1) year in their past but to avoid confusion i'll still drop koos age in them brackets :^)hopefully it'll be a fun ride~


Infatuation



When presented with two shitty alternatives, you just had to opt for the one less damaging. To Jungkook, that was the one where he took control of the narrative—the one where he got to set their rhythm instead of waiting to realize his feet could only fumble to the tunes.The only problem was that in his shock and panic he had forgot to take Jimin's number. Long ago—three years ago to be specific—he made a promise to himself not to look up Park Jimin on the internet; he tried to learn as little about him as possible. It wasn’t the smartest decision as it put him at a disadvantage such as the one he was at two nights ago, but it was the one decision that took the kindest hits on his psyche as well as his heart.Still, the universe worked in mysterious way, right? Otherwise nothing accounted for Jungkook's ironic existence.It was one of those few days when he decided not to drive to the gym, opting for more cardio by running back home after working out. Mayhaps it was a sound call; he had passed by one of the biggest bookstores in the city—the one where everyone’s favourite author was holding a book-signing event. Apparently, Seoul was Jimin's last stop in his international book tour. There was a lot Jungkook couldn’t make of that information.This short recap accounted for the how he was on his way to see Jimin, but not the why. Perhaps in two days he would realize it wasn’t a well-studied decision.Perhaps he wouldn’t.He was five minutes away from the bookstore when he got a call from Yoongi.“Jeon Jungkookie,”“My favourite hyungie,” Jungkook shot back and Yoongi snorted.“Don’t lie, Joonie is.”Jungkook laughed and made a right, mumbling something about how he loved all his hyungs equally.“Tell that to Jin-hyung and let’s see if you can still be so full of it then.”“Okay then, I love my two dads equally.”Yoongi's sigh was dramatic and Jungkook was still grinning hard.“I’ll make it short because I know you're probably up to no good tonight.”“Just say you're stroking more than keys tonight and go, hyung, I promise won't be scandalized.”Cue a laugh. Min Yoongi’s laugh was as melodious as his art.“You're not having too many projects on your hand right now, are you?”“Well you know how it is, the art hour strikes or it doesn’t. You can't schedule it.”“All’s well then.” Yoongi replied, “You remember Jung Hoseok from the concert night, right?”There were plenty of ways to refer to Jung Hoseok that would serve him better, but to each his own.“Yes, hyung, I do. Your performance was brilliant that night but I gotta say, introducing us has been the highlight of my night.”Jungkook could hear the smile in Yoongi’s reply.“Then this is about to get better for your, kiddo. Yesternight he asked about you—”“Umm, first off, yesternight??”Yoongi ignored that. “And he was wondering if you'd be interested in joining hands with his props master for an in-production movie he’s currently working on,”Jungkook almost missed a red light. He loved Jung Hoseok's movies to bits; the man had a minimalist yet uncompromisingly individualistic approach that communicated so many feelings in his movies, and Jungkook lived for that.“The movie needs some god-tier paintings for its aesthetic?”“I'd say demi-god-tier, but whatever floats your boat, Jeon Jungkookie.”There was a small chuckle, a short pause, then another chuckle; Jungkook could almost visualize the scene and how his hyung was laughing. Yoongi told Jungkook that he would get to him about the specifics later because he, quote unquote, was in a tight spot right now, but he would still text Hoseok Jungkook's contact information.Grateful as he was for that phone-call, Jungkook realized, the minute he set foot in the bookstore, that said call already had its effect wearing out. He was always on top of his game, especially when it came to social situations: It had been so long since Jeon Jungkook felt this shaken up.On taking a deep breath and reciting the ‘take control of the narrative JK'-mantra in his head, Jungkook took confident strides to the considerably long queue. He had deliberately come close to the event’s last hour in hopes it would be less crowded, but apparently he had underestimated the dedication of fans. Only when he stood in line, watching Jimin smile charmingly at his audience—the familiar head tilt, the intense gaze, the swooping demeanour—did he realize that he hadn’t got a book with him.It took one dazzling smile accompanied with a Please hold that place for me, I gotta get something real quick and a number of graceful steps for him to purchase Jimin's latest bestseller. Ask the Stars—he hadn’t read that one. Jeon Jungkook hadn’t read Jimin’s last two books. Leafing through the pages, Jungkook was deliberately standing at an angle that, even given his height, wouldn’t make him—or at least his face—too noticeable. At least Park Jimin was done with the magical realism bullshit.Jungkook had to force himself to stop reading—or skimming. The queue was getting shorter anyway; he only had a guy and a little girl before him. Watching the interaction with the little girl was particularly devastating, but Jungkook was glad for having perfected the art of ‘just smile and nod.’By the time Jimin's eyes parted with the girl’s retreating back and met Jungkook's smiling ones, the latter had already placed the book on the table, a cocky smile resting on his lips.“To Jungkookie.”Jimin arched an eyebrow. If he had been fazed, his expression didn’t betray it. If anything, he looked rather amused—among other things. Jimin's smile had a flicker of game in it but he started writing his dedication all the same.“Wouldn’t have guessed you read that kind of books.”“I don’t.” Jungkook gave an easy shrug. “But I think the book would look great on my Instagram feed.”Jimin threw him a glance—not really a dirty look, but a close second—and then closed the book.“Are you done with your shenanigans?”“Merely warming up.” Jungkook leaned in, resting his elbows on the table and making Jimin inch backwards. “You owe me a date.”Jimin raised an eyebrow and Jungkook made a dismissive motion with his hand.“A lunch date, but I have to admit, that too is rather tempting.”“And you’ve always been one to resist temptations.”Jimin's intense gaze was laced with promise, or maybe it was a warning. Jungkook opted to play it safe. Wagging his forefinger, he pulled back, smiling.“Only yours, love.” He smirked then offered his open palm. “I just came to have your number because turns out we need those kind of things for contact, can you believe that?”Jungkook could feel the line behind him getting impatient but he still couldn’t read Jimin. Sighing, the elder acquiesced. He gently pushed Jungkook's hand away, though, and started scribbling in Jungkook's book. Maybe Jungkook should call it a night. And so, he made the universal I’ll call you sign and winked before turning around and heading for the door.It wasn’t until he had been in his black Maserati that he checked the book. This wasn’t the dedication Park Jimin had been writing all evening; this was a targeted attack.
I believe some of our stars will always be the same. You just aren’t looking.
He didn’t even sign his name; it was only a J13.Jungkook was still gripping the book with both hands, trying to regain his hold on his sense of time and space, but all he could feel was the coldness creeping in from the cracks—all the cracks years of compartmentalizing pretended it could undo.Things would soon start to blur, and Jungkook wondered how long he could keep doing this. ✦✦✦ ~[16]It was funny how much change could happen in the span of six months. Jungkook wondered if said change had been so gradual—a transition so smooth—in the way that bit by bit limits were being pushed and you couldn’t help but not notice something was becoming different. Maybe personalities—retracing how things were—followed the rules of recalling memories: You remember the last time you remembered; you don’t really remember the memory itself. That was how narratives got wrapped; it was because your perspective was unreliable—was apt to being tempered with by none but yourself.Look in the mirror and you might not notice the change. Face a different kind of mirrors and you might be about to confront yourself.That was why Jungkook felt jittery as Jimin took him over—eyes going up and down, smile strained—in the airport. Six months in Japan and Park Jimin more or less looked the same—same wardrobe choices, same hair colour, same warm smile—; the only noticeable differences were that his hair was styled back and that his build was becoming more and more toned. Jungkook, though? Well, to quote what Jungkook's mom told his father, He’s going through puberty; it’s natural to have a phase.“You dyed your hair black,”Jimin's fingers were still holding a strand when Jungkook smiled a little abashedly. It had been a while since he felt like that.“You don’t like it?”“Well the teal streaks are sure something with those ear piercings.” Jimin threw an arm around Jungkook's neck—his other hand lugging his suitcase behind them—and started leading them out of the waiting area. “You're really embracing the emo artist in you, aren’t you?”Jungkook laughed, feeling the tension abandon his bones—Wait till I get my knuckles tattoos. This—all of this wasn’t much of an artistic choice as it was a rebellious one. Even at school his teachers would ask him to follow the dress-code properly and he would still be back on his bullshit by the following week. It warranted a call to his house once or twice.Jungkook regretted nothing.  Following the tradition of trying new things, Jungkook had a special request to ask of Jimin—a request he immediately regretted after the first inhale. Still, being Jeon Jungkook, he powered through the cigarette, Jimin's effervescent laughter mingling with the night air around them.“This tastes terrible!”As Jungkook coughed again, Jimin was laughing his signature full-body laugh—which, given where they were sitting, was a dangerous thing. It was Seollal’s night and ever since Jimin returned two weeks ago, they had claimed the roof—the relatively big house with the very slippery roof where Jimin lived—as yet another one of their spots.“Think of it like this, if I kissed someone they’d probably be tasting a ‘lick the ashtray’ flavour.”Smirking, Jimin nudged him. “And who do you want to kiss, Jungkookie?”“No one in particular.” Jungkook could tell his smile was giddy and his voice was drawling, but it was better than the alternative that was his pitch getting higher.“You turn sixteen not long ago and you're already going R-rated on me, tsk tsk.”Jungkook threw one sideward glance at Jimin before stubbing out his cigarette. Careful not to fall off the roof—everyone say thank you, hanoks—he readjusted his posture, so he could lean back and be supported by his arms, and cast a playful look in Jimin's direction.“Am I old enough yet?”Jimin's head whipped to Jungkook, panic lacing his tone. “Enough for what?”“Asking you to model for me, what else?”Jimin clapped Jungkook's chest, grinning.“C’mon, hyung, I promise I’ll delete the nudes once you get into a relationship.”“As if I’ll ever let you have my nudes.”“Aha! So you do have a collection.”Cue the wry smile.“Maybe you could add ‘seeing hyung’s nudes’ to your bucket-list.” Jimin was still smirking. “Or wish upon a falling star or something.”Jungkook scrunched up his nose and went back to staring at the gibbous moon. “Nah, man. If you want to make it to my bucket-list you'll have to offer something better than your nudes.”Maybe in ten years Jungkook would look back on this moment and realize what he truly meant. Maybe Jimin could read it; maybe he hoped Jungkook would.He cleared his throat, and, thankfully, Jimin was already speaking—the familiar playful lilt back in his voice.“I know I already made it, Jungkookie.”“There's no way you can know that.”“Maybe, but I know you.” Jimin shrugged. “Out with it.”Jungkook clenched his jaw. What was the safest answer, one that gave away as little as possible?“Number nine.” He finally admitted. “It has something to do with buying one of your books.”Jimin whistled, mumbling number nine to himself. After a few beats of silence, as though struck by some sudden thought, Jimin's head was once again turning to Jungkook, the question slipping past his lips.“What about the piano? You seemed really keen on learning the piano last time after school,”Jungkook smirked, back on his bullshit. “You're my teacher which means I’ll soon be the next Beethoven, so no it doesn’t make it to any bucket-lists.”“Play your notes, smoothass, don’t play me.”“I can multi-task.”At that shrug, they just started grinning at one another like the two fools they were. It was really nice, being so comfortable around someone that you didn’t have to hold back a part of yourself.Or maybe Jungkook was indeed holding back a part of himself—a part that was, on all levels subconscious, the bane of his discomfort. This reigning-in was what made certain experiences outside Jimin rather unsatisfactory. Jungkook just liked to pretend he couldn’t really tell why he felt such dissatisfaction.But he should have known. Too many red flags. It wasn’t long before Jungkook was indeed kissing someone. He just never would have thought that you could kiss someone you didn’t really like. Young Jeon Jungkook always assumed that kisses meant something—that relationships did. But guess he wasn’t that Jeon Jungkook anymore.



Desire



Jungkook was just checking his phone when another sound demanded his attention—a knock against the counter behind him. Seeing a casually-dressed Park Jimin leaning against the doorframe of the office area of his studio was the last thing Jungkook expected to see.“Wait… did I drunk-text you some change to our meeting place?”Of course Jimin would be smiling.“Pretty sure a drunken-text from you won't be about some lunch date.”“Fair enough.”Jimin then pushed himself off the doorframe and started ambling over to Jungkook—taking in his surroundings—and the latter was mentally running through a list of the things he did not want this ghost from the past to be seeing. But alas, Jimin was in his art studio. As casually as he could, taking advantage of how Jimin's eyes weren’t on him, Jungkook maneuvered around the counter, trying to reach his desk. By some miracle, he managed to quietly knock off most of the things on the desk into his unzipped bag which lay on the ground, already hating the damage done to a book or two of the fallen soldiers.“If I knew you were so eager to see me, I would’ve cleared my morning schedule for you.” Jungkook leaned against the desk, activating his flirty smile at Jimin, whose back was to Jungkook as he scrutinized one of the paintings resting on the varnished floor.Jimin looked over his shoulder, lazy expression of mischief plastered on his face. “I had to come and see the place where my painter will breathe magic into my mise en abyme.”Jungkook knew not if the way he was holding his breath was because of the possessive pronoun, or the new piece of information that was threatening to throw his world into a tumult. All he knew that he had long promised to take control of the narrative, especially when it came to Park Jimin.“The movie Hobi is producing… it’s the adaptation for your book?”There was no playfulness in Jimin's smile, but it still sent a thrill down Jungkook's spine.“And I also happen to be the screenwriter. Looking forward to working with you, Jungkook-ssi.”Jungkook nodded to himself, smile contrived. His heart was beating in that arithmetic pattern that was particular to situations that were simultaneously scary and exciting. He found his feet once again leading him to Jimin's side.“You like it?”Jimin nodded, and Jungkook was once again facing a work that he had deemed to be not good enough. It was a painted illustration—that depicting that infinitesimal destructive moment particular to the human touch when it brushed against a butterfly’s wing. It was of a shattered wing, a fading butterfly, as the retreating fingers regretted and longed for all it had ruined.“It gives me the same impression of your latest.”Of Ask for My Heart. Jungkook felt his heart clench; Jimin's eyes were always keen. HYYH was the original Ask for My Heart.“What do you think a dying man would paint if their hourglass granted them one last attempt at self-expression?”Jungkook's eyebrows furrowed at that odd question. He almost forgot how Jimin did deep dives out of nowhere. The funnier part, though, was that he realized that he knew the answer. But he just reformulated it into a question.“What do you think you'd be looking at if your heart exploded before some canvas?”From the corner of his eye, Jungkook could see a once-all-too-familiar smile grace Jimin's lips.“Mine?” The playful head tilt, the teasing lilt, the fleeting glint—they all did things to Jungkook. Jimin swooped his hand in an off-handed gesture. “Or that was the general collective you?”“The latter.”Jimin was laughing and memories were closing in on Jungkook.“The human heart, stupid, stupid human heart.” Jimin sighed wistfully, turning to give the abandoned painting his attention. “Pretty sure you'd find a mixture of colours—colours of inhibitions, of pretense, of disappointment and let-downs. The reds of love, the greys of heartbreak; you'd find the blues of they whose oceans you drowned in. But do you think a dying man would be holding such colorful universes, unexpressed till the very end?”“An exploded heart still beats.” Jungkook countered. “Their colours still pulse of life, still smell of them.”Jimin's heel made a clicking sound with Jungkook's floor; he looked amused.“And they could afford such a mess?”Jungkook was smiling, letting his eyes glance down for a beat, and then he was mirroring Jimin's expression—his smile—once he faced him.“It’s a beautiful mess. Someone like you would look at it, and before their unseeing eyes, it would seem like a beautiful painting. But if you looked well, you'd come to understand only a gasping heart could look this beautiful—only a dying heart always gave up its finest and was its most honest prior to death.” Jungkook needn’t feel the weight of Jimin's eyes on him to feel the need to escape them. “Now if you'll excuse me, I need to wash myself clean of my mess because I refuse to meet my hero looking like an art school reject.”Jimin laughed and Jungkook was trying to remember where he had placed his bag. And it wasn’t long before Jimin's voice called out to him.“You kept it,”He had to look over his shoulder to understand what Jimin was referring to, and on following where Jimin's eyes settled, Jungkook's heart almost stopped. It was the Van Gogh plushie lying atop of his desk. He weighed his options and reached the conclusion he had been reaching for the past six years: The past was in the past; there was no reason to pretend it didn’t happen.“And gave it the most convenient of homes too, don’t you think?”Jimin just threw him a look and Jungkook was now untucking his white t-shirt out of his pants, smoothly playing off the turn-around-as-I-take-off-my-shirt-so-you-won’t-see-my-tiddies move then proceeding to put on an oversized pullover. Jimin's melodious laugh drifted over to his ears before his eyes could witness the smile.“Burgundy? What happened to have Jeon Jungkook not opt for black?”“Maybe”—Jungkook was tugging at the hem of his pullover, smoothing it—“I got tired of being the black paint.”Sidestepping everything Jimin's eyes were threatening to unleash, Jungkook held out an arm when he reached Jimin.“Jungkook—”Jimin had barely attempted when Jungkook pressed two fingers to those cherry lips.“Uh-uh, save your breath. If you want to put your mouth into good use, just let me know. I might know a way or two to keep you busy.”Jimin’s expression soured, rightfully so, but at least Jungkook had postponed a catastrophe. He made a mock bow, pointing at the door, and a Jimin, who was mumbling something as he shook his head, begrudgingly exited the studio—Jungkook on his heel.Jungkook truly wondered how long this dance could go on before either of them tripped—not on their own feet, but on the other’s.  The meeting with Jung Hoseok didn’t take longer than an hour, and Jungkook found plenty of time on his hands. Jimin, in lieu of asking Jungkook out, suggested a restaurant, and Jungkook found no reason to object. Dare he say that it was going fine—passably so. Some art student recognized him and asked for a picture. Jungkook usually liked to have his private time, well, privately, but he also hated being rude, and part of him thrilled at how this fan incident was happening right before Park Jimin’s very eyes.And the conversation was light—Jungkook made sure he never lost control of where it was headed. Gatekeeping by joking. And perhaps he was one joke too far into pushing his luck with Jimin; but, boy, did Jungkook have few alternatives.“Jungkook, what are you doing?”Jungkook looked over his left shoulder, then his right, making a show of taking in his surroundings.“Parkour?”When Jimin shot him a sharp look, Jungkook Ahh’d then added, “You meant on a more abstract level… silly me!”“I'm waiting.” Jimin, still studying Jungkook, wouldn’t yet touch his food. “I'm pretty good at waiting, but I'm sure you already know that.”Jungkook chuckled, not averting his gaze from his meal. This was so much fun.“Curtsey of being my guest, mayhaps you deserve an answer, but I can't help you with—”Jimin's voice interrupted Jungkook's shenanigans, the question rephrased more brazenly.“Jungkook, what are we doing here?”“If only you'd let me finish you'd know we’re playing house.”“That’s one dysfunctional house then. Next deflect.”“Well you know what always solves this,” Meeting Jimin's eyes, Jungkook wiggled his eyebrow suggestively. “Daddy and daddier just have to bone.”The frustration was palpable in Jimin's eyes, but he wouldn’t let it wear out his voice. Perhaps his feet too were recalling the steps of a once too tiring dance.“Are you done?”“I don't know, are you going to keep asking questions you don’t really need an answer for?”“Here’s where you're wrong, tho—”Jungkook leant across the table, pitch dropping. “Can't this wait till dessert? Sounds like a topic that's best served with some pain au chocolat.”“Should I order you some hot chocolate too?” Jimin's tone was, as his expression, humdrum and flat; but Jungkook was undeterred.“Nah, I don’t drink sweet beverages. Bad boy Jungkook has a reputation to keep.”“For the love of god, Jungkook, can't you just be real for five minutes?”Jimin didn’t snap; his pleading tone had a tired undercurrent, one that sifted Jungkook's eyes for something it couldn’t quite find. But Jungkook was leaning back, sitting carelessly with one hand thrown over the back of the chair, amusedly watching Jimin. There was no need for critical thinking: He was getting up, pushing his chair back and smirking.“If I did then I would be on my knees”—in a borderline theatrical movement, Jungkook's knee made contact with the carpeted floor—“confessing my undying love and asking you to spend eternity and a day with me, Jimin-ssi.”He could feel many pairs of eyes stare at him, but he only had eyes for one. And Jimin was staring him with an inscrutable expression. He then shook his head and Jungkook thought he would ball the napkin and throw it at him. But of course Jimin was above that. Grinning in a relaxed manner, he waited for Jungkook to get back in his seat then he himself started leaning back in his, chin up and head tilted. Jungkook was returning the stare as casually as he could, but Jimin looked so poised and confident as he literally peered down at him—so assertively that the latter felt the urge to run.“Joke about it all you want, but you'll have to face it soon, Jungkook.” Jimin's voice was sultry, was laced with dangerous promises—far, faraway ones. “There won't come a day when you won't be drowning in me. I'm everywhere. I'm on your mind, I'm in your heart, I'm in your paintings. You can't let me go. You don’t want to let me go.”Jungkook was laughing, so hard his head was tossed backwards and he could feel tears well up in his eyes. He knew he was drawing even more attention but he didn’t care: he only looked Jimin square in the eye when he was done—smile dropping, dangerously so.“Oh no, you're far too heavy to tread such thin ice.”“Am I?”There had been a time when the daring looks their eyes sported had been about all the things waiting to be coaxed out, and not all the things deliberately caged in.“I can see this ending real badly, Jimin-ssi.”“There are no endings. Every end you think exists is nothing but a story we never dared to finish writing. A chapter where you just stopped.”Of course Jimin wouldn’t bite. He always had this composed air about him, something that made him untouchable—unreachable. Inaccessible. A smile tugged at the corner of Jungkook's lips, and he leaned in on the table, whispering conspiratorially.“You really were not joking about this ‘being real’ thing.”Jimin looked to his side, eyebrows fleetingly darting up, then back at Jungkook—as though disbelieving there could exist such a pain in the neck.“Don’t tell me you didn’t see that one coming. Enough with the bullshit.”“No, I really didn’t.”“What did you expect then, when you invited me for lunch?”“The package deal.” A humourless smile was breaking out on Jungkook's lips. He waved a dismissive hand in the air—a no biggie—as he locked gaze with Jimin again. “You'll ask me how I'm doing, I’ll tell you everything’s peachy. I’ll make small talk and you'll laugh politely. You’ll mention our mutual friends and we’d tiptoe around the landmines of the past. You’ll tell me half-truths about your life and I’ll lie about mine and you’ll pretend you believe me. We’re always one step away from saying or doing the wrong thing, but what else is new? If we do make it to dessert, it’ll be the perfect time to shoot some curveball questions wondering if I ever saw your blood on my hands or if I believe that mine stains all over your sheets. Literally and metaphorically of course. We’ll talk about everything and nothing because we can't really afford to know.”Flinch. A beat—two.“The storm has long ended, Jungkook, there’s no need to be so cold.”For you, maybe. But a laugh was risking spilling out from his lips.“Thought there were no endings.”Jimin was spared from having to reply; but even as Jungkook fished out his ringing phone, he still wouldn’t break eye-contact with the other. It was a video-call from his mother.There were very few lies that one could tell to convince one’s mother that it was a doppelganger she was looking and not the same person who spent nights and nights at her dinner table and even longer ones in her son’s bedroom. And so, the call was mostly between a very charming, very warm Jimin, and Jungkook's mother who still couldn’t quite believe her eyes.“Love, make sure you drop by for dinner when not too busy.” She was saying, finishing the call. “Even if Jungkook-ah doesn’t come. We don’t need him.”Jimin was laughing and Jungkook was rolling his eyes.“You should’ve adopted him and made my life easier.”She was saying something but Jungkook was taken aback by the inscrutable look Jimin had thrown him at that—by the about-face change that happened to both his tone and his expression. Jimin wouldn’t speak until Jungkook had put away his phone and started sipping at his drink.“How’s your dad?”“Yeah. He died two years ago.”Jimin flinched, hand reaching for Jungkook on the table. Jungkook almost pulled back. Too much electricity, too many memories, neither of which was welcome. Not for a clinically-dead heart, anyway.“Jungkook I'm so sorry,”“Don’t be.” Jungkook set down his drink. “We both know how things were.”Jimin's thumb started drawing circles on top of Jungkook's hand, about to take it into his like he had done so many times before. Each line in Jungkook's palm could share its story with such a familiarly cozy gesture—such a Jimin gesture. And this time, Jungkook did indeed retract his hand.“I gotta go now.” He took out his phone as though checking an email or something. He let his eyes rest on Jimin for a few beats before he pressed a smile that was tinged with too much irony and said,“As always, it’s been a pleasure. I’ll see you around.”He wouldn’t risk looking back. Was this how it felt to turn your back on someone without glancing back? ✦✦✦ ~[17]They were in their secret garden, Jimin’s head in Jungkook's lap, marveling at his finger on top of which a saffron-winged butterfly was perched, and Jungkook was trying to make sense of the poetry he was reading. He grunted for the umpteenth time, and it was only because he had to shift to put away his book that Jimin finally paid him attention.“My teacher probably thinks she’s preparing little poets for the outside world, what is that assignment!!!”“Taeyeon-nim? She’s already asked you to compose a poem?”In lieu of replying, Jungkook sighed and let his head hang down.“Worst part is that she left it so… open. Like she told us to write about whatever we want as long as she can ‘see us’ in our work, and I just can't vibe with anything, you feel me!”“What's Jihyo writing about? I know she’s brilliant with poetry.”“I don't know,” Jungkook scratched the bridge of his nose. “We haven’t been talking since Kang Daniel’s party. I think we’ll be breaking up soon.”A pause.“Have you tried talking to her, talk about what bothers the two of you about your relationship?”Jungkook wanted to laugh; Jimin was always droning on about those mature takes on relationships as though every person Jungkook got involved with was endgame.They were just kids.He shrugged and looked away, hating the way Jimin was looking at him. It made him feel small.“First Yves, now Jihyo,” Jimin shook his head, smile lopsided. “Seriously Jungkook you're shit at this.”“Listen, you know it wasn’t my fault with Yves—”“Of course it wasn’t.”It had no bite—Jimin, eyes closed now, was full on grinning—but Jungkook was still defensive. “She knew Lisa and I are just friends. It’s not my problem she’s got those thoughts in her head and is going to act all insecure about it.”Jimin let out a singular high laugh. Anyone else would have been fooled. Before Jungkook could react, Jimin—in one swift motion—spun and was then sitting on his butt, grinning at Jungkook.“There you go! You now have enough shitty experiences to write about.”Jungkook snorted, still feeling defeated and tired. A few beats passed and he could feel Jimin's hand ruffle his hair. The gesture took him by surprise and of course Jimin was smiling his signature playful smile.“Just write about anything that moves you, Kook.”“Because it’s that easy. God, you sound like her.” Another dramatic sigh. “I need like eight drinks to power through this.”“What you need is just some inspiration.” Jimin clasped both hands in a prayer-like motion and closed his eyes, “Muses, we call upon thee,”“Shut up!” Jungkook elbowed Jimin, breaking his prayer and causing him to giggle. “Art is hard.”“Life is hard, Jungkook. Art is what makes it bearable.”Scrunching up his nose, Jungkook mimed the words to mock Jimin; the latter only clapped him on the chest.“You're doing the harder part anyway. Visual art and all,”“Not really, I imagine things and I paint them.”Jimin held up a finger, pausing for effect. “Paint them, but use words.”“Lord grant me the strength not to roll my eyes every time Park Jimin thinks the world is made up of little Jimin's as capable and as powerful as he is.”Again, Jimin was giggling. When did it became Jungkook's job to make Jimin laugh—when did he decide he loved that sound so much that he could spend his life doing everything to guarantee he would forever hear it?“Guess a guy can't have everything he wants.”The smile shaped Jimin's beauty into another kind of astonishing, and Jungkook's breath stuttered, words easily rolling off his tongue as though he had spent his entire life turning them around and getting the full taste of them.“Just say the words.” Breathless—like a shared secret. “Whatever you ask for, I'd be willing to give you.”Another emotion twined itself into Jimin's smile and Jungkook reeled momentarily, thinking of pastel-hued neverlands. A beat—two, ten. The pure shining moment was over: Jimin flicked Jungkook's forehead and spun around to lie down, head once again resting cozily in the younger’s lap.“You're gonna need that poem, Jungkook-ah. Next year you'll have a stupid but also beautiful assignment that will make sure you visit that poem again.”Another day, Jungkook would have pressed for answers. Right now, he was just happy getting lost in the dreamlike wonder that was Jimin's eyes.  It didn’t take long after Jungkook read Jimin's text—The usual spot?—for him to clean up the paint’s stench and bike to their secret garden. He hated how he hadn’t more time so he could put more effort into his looks instead of looking this … unkempt.When Jimin felt Jungkook's presence, he put down his journal, leaving his pen at the stem to mark the page. He smiled up at the younger than patted the grass beside him for Jungkook to sit down. With the pinpricks of stars being the only light source, Jungkook was astonished Jimin had been writing anything at all.“What are you working on in such a beautiful night?”“Was just reading some Aeschylusian tragedy and I wanted to pen down some thoughts.”Jungkook sat down, feeling the grass wither and steam underneath him.“I deep dove in the Aristotle shit you got me interested in by the way. He had me coming up with my very own bat-shit crazy theories and all.”Jimin’s smile was faint, but his face still looked beatific as ever. And so, fully turning to Jimin, Jungkook carried on.“You know his take on soulmates, that crap about being born as one then your soul being split in two and yeeted somewhere so you just spend your entire life hoping you'd find your other half? It made me think about how humans are made. How everything is created in two—two lungs, two brain hemispheres, two eyes, two hands, two legs. I know this doesn’t account for the mouth and nose but listen, two nostrils, two lips”—Jimin breathed out a quiet chuckle, slowly batting his eyelashes at Jungkook whose smile turned lopsided despite his confidence—“It makes me think that we are made so we could always share—happiness, pain, feelings we can't really explain—with another person. And this makes me question why we’re created with just one heart.”As always, he wasn’t really going anywhere with this. He was just used to speaking his mind around Jimin, which meant he could spew out the most random of things and still be welcome. But there was something different this time, something that made Jungkook feel suspended in the air, and he was seeking Jimin's eyes for gravity—Jimin whose expression—untrammeled, frank, human—spoke of an individual living in the finite but breathing the air of the eternal.“Plato not Aristotle.” Jimin finally said. Jungkook was only confused so the elder shifted, still looking at Jungkook in a way that wasn’t helping with his breathlessness. “It was Plato who came up with the you're half of my soul concept. And you might just be onto something here, Jungkookie.”Jungkook grinned and Jimin held his gaze for a few beats. Jimin then tilted his head and gave the sky a huge smile, drinking in the night as he once again shut his eyes. And like that, they lapsed into comfortable silence—of Jimin, coloured by arctic starlight, marveling at the star-studded sky, and Jungkook gazing at his hyung, wondering if stars could ever match up his eyes. More than ever was Jungkook conscious of it now: how much Park Jimin exuded an otherworldly beauty—the angelic kind of beauty often depicted by a renaissance painting.“Jungkook, what do you think people are made of?”Jungkook pondered, not because it was an odd question—most of their conversations dipped into existential treatises even before Jungkook knew what the word existential meant—but because it was a question worth stopping at. How a person was made was an easy question, but this?“Hopes, dreams, little sparks of happiness shining through their pain.” He shrugged. He could think of a lot of things but nothing seemed apt enough to comprise a person. “Energies, maybe.”The wind blew, making the grass rustle, and Jimin closed his eyes—wisps of his raven-black hair teasing his skin.“I think they're made of memories. But I like your answer more, especially that bit about energies.”“Really, why?”Jimin tilted his head in a birdlike motion, smiling warmly at the younger. This was a look that always hugged Jungkook, and it often consoled him when he most needed it.“Because energy is the only thing that doesn’t disappear after all’s gone. Energy can't be destroyed, not even by death.”Well, this became dark. But it was Park Jimin in question here—a tender soul too attuned to the beauties of the world as well as its atrocities, which left it vulnerable.Jimin rose to his feet the second Jungkook's lips were forming the question,“Hyung, are you okay?”Jimin sucked in a deep breath, as if trying to inhale the night air all in one lungful, savouring it and letting it soak him.“You know when you feel too stranded in space, without any sense of orientation?”Familiar, all too familiar was the feeling. A leaf bullied by the wind.Jimin turned to face Jungkook; he was smiling but his voice was so quiet when it came, notwithstanding its deceptively happy lilt. It was an expression that tore at Jungkook's heart.“Things feel heavy and it just feels like there's infinity everywhere and I never know which way to fall.”
Fall into me.
He couldn’t say the words, not then anyway, and he knew not when or how, but he was on his feet, collecting Jimin into his arms as he pulled him in the tightest hug he could muster.“I'm here, hyung.” Jungkook whispered. “To the last echo of our soul, I’m here.”And it wasn’t long before Jimin's hands were clenching Jungkook's t-shirt, his tears wetting it.It was a night that tore at Jungkook's heart alright.



Passion



The thing about life was that it was too fond of turning the tables around. It was too fond of clowning humans.Yesterday, after a round of working one another out, Jungkook clowned Yugyeom for tearing up as he read a book in bed—Didn’t know sex made you that emotional. Except that, of course, FWBs didn’t cry post-sex; they hadn’t the emotional connection. It was the end of the book he was reading that made Yugyeom tear up.“This book just called me single in all love languages.”Jungkook laughed, putting on his pants and heading to make some coffee—which was a stupid decision given how late it was but alas.“But it also makes me want to go out and find true love. Makes me want to get my heart broken.”“Yikes.”“Excuse me, but I’m not the one who has a signed copy of Ask the Stars.”Jungkook felt defensive. Waiting for the boiler, he leant against the kitchen counter and started appraising a worked-up Yugyeom.“When you're working on a movie adaptation, it might be a little bit of a prerequisite to read the book you have to work on, you know.”Yugyeom buried his head in the pillow, letting out a muffled frustrated groan. When he resurfaced, he said, “Can't believe you get to work with him. Lucky bastard.”“Yeah. It’s whatever.” Jungkook turned to pour the coffee. “You can be the real MVP and give me the SparkNotes version of the book.”But Yugyeom was laughing, a sound so full and so rich. He was looking at the approaching Jungkook in a way that seemed to pity him.“Oh hon, this is one of the things you have to experience firsthand.”At that, Jungkook's shoulders stiffened. He sat on the bed, glad his back was to Yugyeom—Yugyeom who rose up in bed just enough to plant a kiss on Jungkook's shoulder-blade, hand wrapping around his abdomen and brushing right above his tattoo.
When you read it, you'll understand.
Really, Jungkook hadn’t intended to spend all night reading it, neither had he expected it to grip him like that. When he stirred awake at 6 A.M., he just gave up the rest of his sleep and picked the book up from where he left.This book—Jungkook knew not how to explain it. It was as if within each of us a scar bigger than their heart, like maps to getting lost. He wasn’t sure what time it was. He was almost done with the book and that was all that mattered.“I can't tell if you're having a constipation or about to cum.” Yugyeom’s voice retrieved Jungkook from his escapade. “Overly sexual?”“Overtly sensual.” Jungkook wouldn’t close the book yet. He had a lot to say about Ask the Stars but he wouldn’t dare bridge the chasm between the work of art and the artist, between himself as a reader and the book as a mirror.On yawning, Yugyeom had shifted so his head was propped up on his hand, watching Jungkook.“So I take it that you feel inspired?”“More like horny… angry horny.”“Well, that I can help with.”Feeling himself grin—stir—Jungkook intercepted Yugyeom's hand under the sheets and stole a kiss instead.“Can't. I'm already as late as late could be.”Yugyeom laughed again and started stretching his back—Yet he continues to read on.“Just trying to make sense of it. Especially that it’s gonna be in a movie format.”Yugyeom only gave him a Sure but for some reason, Jungkook didn’t drop the subject. He just had no idea how Jimin would turn this into a script. The bulk of the book wasn’t dialogue-based; it was heavy wax poetry. It was the failure of words to reach someone in the dark; it was the fear of words breaking underneath their weight.“Take that passage about feeling like a returned-package on a dusty sidewalk for instance.” Jungkook reopened the book, quickly leafing through the pages until he reached the desired page. “Within my body beats a longing to see you—within my heart burns a regret that I’d let you go. I feel the weight of those hands that, ever since you left, had known nothing but the damnable insatiable hunger for something stretching beyond your mere warmth. Who the hell talks like that?”“Well I'm sure Park-genius-Jimin can work that out.”That, Jungkook couldn’t argue with. He had to get up and get ready anyway, and he was barely registering Yugyeom's When you read the end, you’ll be in shambles on his way to the bathroom. Except that Kim Yugyeom was wrong. Jungkook had read the last page the first thing. Past experience had taught him never to venture into a Park Jimin book without making sure the ending was conclusive. Was happy. But naturally, it made little sense to him. It hinted at everything and nothing, and it kept him guessing. But even hours after reading the last page, Jungkook could recite the last sentence by memory.   

We? We will cry when we meet, and you will finally be home to wipe the dust off your feet of years' worth being lost in the alleys of my heart, and my eyes will grow weak in the knees—they will moisten at the sight, at whom they're finally seeing.

Jungkook wondered if he would ever let go of his map to getting lost and decide he wanted out of this damned labyrinth.  You would think catching someone mid-laugh, while they were joking with another person and being all friendly and wholesome, would make it hard for them to do a one-eighty. But Park Jimin existed to prove that wrong. The second Jungkook had entered Hopeworld and Jimin's eyes fell on him, the latter stopped laughing and put his hands on his hips as he faced Jungkook's direction.“You're late.”“Sorry.” Jungkook smiled unapologetically. “Had a dream about you and it kept me in bed longer than I wanted.”“Having an ounce of respect for others and their time every now and then wouldn’t hurt just so you know.”Jungkook wouldn’t answer right away; he was busy taking in the tall gorgeous blond with whom Jimin had been conversing.“Yes, I'm sure you were feeling awful about wasting your time here.”A few years ago that would have earned him an eye-roll. All Jimin did now was, of course, take the high road, turning his attention back to his companion. In less than three minutes, Jung Hoseok showed up to introduce Jungkook. Tall gorgeous blond was his props master, Lee Taemin. They might have started on the wrong foot, but Jungkook was confident he would easily win that Taemin over. And no, it didn’t have anything to do with how taken Taemin seemed to be with Jimin, because, no, it wasn’t a competition.Jungkook didn’t know how they had timed it so well that both of them, Jimin and himself, were leaving Hopeworld at exact same time. Perhaps it had something to do with how he pressed the lift button while it was closing—clearly about to leave the floor. But the lift door opened and Jungkook—smirking—got in, standing next to Jimin and glancing at the panel. It was going to be a fun ten-storey ride.He was about to make a stupid remark when the door opened again and two people with big boxes got in, forcing Jimin and Jungkook to the back—forcing them closer to one another. Jungkook was in the corner, and Jimin—three-fourth to Jungkook—was keeping enough space between them for the air to pass. In his defense, the boxes and their new companions left them very few choices.“I'm starting to think I’ll have to see you everywhere I go.”Jimin still wouldn’t turn around, answering Jungkook from over his shoulder, voice just as quiet as Jungkook's.“Thought we established that had been the case even before I showed up in person.”“Maybe. But it’s starting to feel like a very bad cosmic joke, pushing you onto me like that.”“Well, you know, you attract what you fear.”“In this case then,” Jungkook leaned in, lip brushing Jimin's ear as he whispered. “I'm really scared of dicks. Yours especially.”Slowly, Jimin turned to Jungkook—his presence pressing, the proximity throttling. He fixed Jungkook with his gaze and the latter could feel Jimin's breath against his skin—eyes on eyes, then lower, then back up. Lingering, wandering—a tiring cycle; and Jungkook could feel the adrenaline kicking in, itching to take action. The lift chimed; they were on the ground floor and their companions were exiting, happy to leave them, but neither Jimin nor Jungkook had yet moved. When Jimin's voice came, it seemed to have deepened, tripling in intensity.“This is getting really uncomfortable FYI.”“Good”—Jungkook pressed a dry smile—“so you can finally know how I feel about you.”“Will I ever, tho?”Jungkook knew not how long they had held one another’s gaze; his frustration—among other things—stretched the fabric of time. The lift’s door was closing and Jungkook was reaching out his arm to stop it, not breaking gaze with Jimin. At last, the elder exited the lift, leaving Jungkook to watch his back, fighting off images from the past. ✦✦✦ ~[17]It wasn’t until Jungkook had been a junior and Jimin a senior (thanks to the exchange-semester) that the two friends had their first Big Conflict™.It was because of a thing Jungkook hadn’t paid attention to until recently, miserably so.The only conflict they had of the same fabric had been resolved easily, something that couldn’t strain their relationship. Jungkook was back on his fuckboy crap, breaking up again with yet another partner. It was a bit dramatic, though—the slap before the entire school and Jungkook meeting up with Jimin with a very vibrant, very pretty print of a hand reddening his cheek.Apparently women don’t take it well when you tell them you were never in love with them, he said, popping his cheek by way of explaining.
Man, I can't imagine who would.
Things escalated as they walked to the café and soon they were both shouting. And Jimin had hit a nerve with that comparison to Jungkook's father.
You don’t have to be mean about everything.

I'm not being mean, Jungkook, I'm being honest. You’ve been staring at that pit for so long that you can't see your way of fighting it has turned you into everything you hate.
Jungkook was thrown off-balance, wanting to laugh—Are you pulling a Nietzsche on me right now?
Since when do you get western philosophy references?

I had a Tumblr phase and it’s a generic quote, hyung, give me some credit.
Jimin shot him a Don’t bullshit me look—at which Jungkook laughed, knowing their fight was all in the past now, and admitted.
I have a friend who's really into this stuff. I should introduce the two of you, hyung. You'll finally have an intellectual to talk to.
Said friend was for the longest time the only mutual friend they ever had. And surprisingly the only one who never made a single comment expressing astonishment at their relationship.Still, a lot of people were not Kim Namjoon. The first time someone had downright expressed their amazement at how odd of a pair Jimin and Jungkook were—at least as far as Jungkook was concerned—was when the latter dropped by the afterschool club where Jimin practiced kendo.He had texted Jimin when he was outside, and he didn’t have to wait: Soon Jimin, still in his kendo getup, was out to meet him—wiping his face with a blue towel.“Oh to be a towel wiping beads of sweat off your neck.”Jimin giggled; he was accustomed to Jungkook's antics. Though it didn’t mean that Jungkook’s ass didn’t get slapped with said towel—which earned Jimin an If you spank me in public we’ll get arrested for public indecency.One joke led to another and they were soon chatting idly, even when they had a wholeass dinner date where they could do that. Jungkook had noticed a couple of glances from people who zipped in and out, some even from people from his—their—school.And he had the misfortune of overhearing an exchange that really shouldn’t have made him as sad. Jimin was going in—heading for the lockers—while Jungkook lurked at the club’s main door, about to listen to music. There was some guy, Ha Sungwoon, who was just coming in; and he gave Jungkook a very unflattering, very unimpressed once-over. It wasn’t long before his voice drifted over to Jungkook's ears.“You and Jeon Jungkook are friends?”Which, to Jungkook, was a very stupid question, same tier as that of seeing a pregnant woman’s belly protruding and saying Oh you're pregnant?“Yeah. We grew up together.”Not the answer Jungkook was expecting but then again, how else would he introduce them?Maybe he should have pressed the play button earlier.Whatever. The second time Jungkook felt conscious of that chasm was because of a random incident in the school’s library.Jungkook was tagging along because he missed Jimin. Between school, hagwon, practice, and their part-time jobs, Jungkook didn’t get to spend much time with Jimin. And he loved those stolen moments they had at school; there was a certain flavour to them.Jimin was going through the alleys, shelf by shelf, and collecting the books he needed as Jungkook chatted him up.“Why are you even bothering, it’s not like you don’t have a gazillion career in sight,”Jungkook sounded like a wind-up doll but fortunately Jimin had the patience.“I love having a backup plan you know.” He met Jungkook's gaze. “And I can't afford submitting my letter any later— Also what's with the new piercing, haven’t you had enough?”Jungkook’s hand reached to his earlobe, smiling crookedly.“I need to feel something so I punch holes in my face.”“Ha ha, very funny.”Jungkook leaned in, getting between Jimin and the shelf.“Well if you can think of a way or two to make me feel something, then I'm all ears, hyung.”“Don’t say stupid things.”“Stop me.”Jimin just clicked his tongue, levelling Jungkook with a stare. There was always something playful about that look, especially in any context where Jungkook casually flirted with Jimin. At first he used to do it because he thought it would make Jimin uncomfortable—not in a creepy way but in a teasing way—and he just liked getting under Jimin's nerves.He then stepped up his game because a) it was fun b) it often made Jimin laugh c) there was something very liberating and a feeling so rich about those moments; it was of the liminal nature that controlled most of Jungkook and Jimin's interactions.“You should start taking your studies seriously. Senior year is like the past 11 years but on acid.”“Literally couldn’t care less.”From over his shoulder, Jimin made sure to lock gaze with Jungkook before answering. “Not caring is not a personality trait, Jungkook, grow up.”Maybe Jungkook should have felt offended; instead, he started chewing his gum more amusedly, hounding Jimin more annoyingly. He was now leaning against one of the shelves with his forearm, and he would be looming over Jimin had he been a bit taller. And he was grinning knowingly: Senior year was the least of his concerns. Jeon Jungkook knew nothing would ever go wrong because he had Jimin.“I'd ask you to come over but dad is still not over the kitchen-burning incident of last week.”“Just say your dad wants to kill me and go, hyung. It’s okay, I can handle the truth.”“He doesn’t want to kill you.” Jimin’s voice thinned: an obvious lie. “He just sometimes—”“Doesn’t like me?” Jungkook offered helpfully. Jimin made a face and Jungkook scrunched up his nose. “It’s okay. He can join my dad and they can hate me together.”“Jungkook—”Jimin trying to reach for Jungkook's hand with his hands full with carrying books was a funny enough sight; but, still, Jungkook very much appreciated the gesture. He was still grinning when he felt a set of eyes on him. It was some senior girl who had been casting dirty looks in their direction for the past ten minutes or so.“What's her problem?”Jungkook's thumb over his shoulder was rude but it was also rude to stare at someone. He wasn’t going to play it nice. Jimin followed Jungkook's gaze and smiled to himself; however, he didn’t answer until he had settled into one of the seats, making sure he had everything he needed. Leaning against the table, Jungkook crossed his arms and arched an eyebrow at Staring Chick—probably a few seconds away from being kicked out of the library. Again.“She hates that I hang out around you and I think it’s because she likes me,”“And?”Jimin actually had to pause; Jungkook's and could have meant two diametrically-opposite things depending on how you would interpret it. But naturally Jimin got what Jungkook meant. He always did.“Well I'm not interested. I know this is a foreign concept for you, but some of us take relationships seriously, and we also don’t need to constantly be in a relationship.”“Ouch.” Jungkook touched his hand to his heart, feigning hurt. He was now turned to Jimin, head teasingly tilted as he waited for the elder’s gaze to make its way back to him.“Wasn’t some guy from the Maths club making moon eyes at you last week?”“Yeah. I can't be friends with that guy.”“I can't believe you're passing up on him, like he’s good with numbers.”Confused, Jimin only looked at Jungkook from the corner of his eye but the latter was, as usual, undeterred.“Sixty-nine?”Jimin started massaging his temple. But Jungkook wasn’t about to give him any peace of mind; he would still probe into Jimin's voluntarily non-existent romantic-life.“Okay and your excuse with Namjoon-hyung is??”“Hyung brought me sweets—popsicles and ice-cream—last time after club practice, to charge my energy, he said, but I don’t buy it. I think he’s just not interested and it’s better that way.”“Well if Namjoon-hyung brought me candy, there'd be more than one popsicle I'd be sucking on.”Jimin slapped him with a hardcover and the younger had to fight to keep his laugh quiet. It made Staring Chick throw him more admonishing glares. He smirked at her as he nursed his arm, then he turned his gaze back to Jimin.“Really, tho, why doesn’t a sweet girl like her like me?”“Because you're such a charmer of course.”“Then more of a reason for her to like me.”Jimin looked up from his books, eyes narrowing. Jungkook clearly waited for an answer.“You're not being real, are you?” When Jungkook's eyebrows only shot higher as if to prompt Jimin, the latter sighed and said,“You do know what's being circulated about you, right?”“I've heard some rumors… I get to learn a lot of new things about me through them. Very enlightening.”“Suree. Because bearing the ultimate Bad Boy title is news to you.”“So I am being called a bad boy,” Jungkook wiggled his eyebrows and Jimin clapped him on the chest.Trying to stifle his laughs lest they be told off, Jungkook finally took a seat next to Jimin, trying to be in his orbits again.“C’mon, hyung. Don’t you like it? Me being a bad boy who's exclusively good for you?” He bit his lip. “Don’t you like that I'm your bad boy.”There was a faint quirk to the corner of Jimin's lips. “But you're not my bad boy, Jungkook, are you now?”That was a harsh Uno-reversal done there and Jungkook's flirty smile almost faltered. Jimin sighed, collected his books, and got up. He lingered for a few seconds before he pressed a warm smile and said,“I just wish people could see what I see.”That left Jungkook with many pangs to his heart. Too much subtext, too many arrows, too many foul plays. The third time it was mainly Jungkook's fault.He was itching, his blood boiling from an earlier confrontation with his father. It had been a rough week; his paintings—full of anger and hard strokes—could testify to that. He almost started a fight with a colleague. In fact, he kind of did; it was just that Jimin was there before things escalated.“You want to go, you really do?”He was getting in Mingyu’s face, a crowd already forming around them at the gate. He couldn’t hear anything or see anything, not until he started feeling familiar hands on his chest—a familiar perfume filtering through his nostrils, a familiar weight pressing against his body.“Hey, hey!!” Jimin was saying, still trying to pull Jungkook back.“I don't even know why anyone’s bothering with you,” Mingyu was shouting. “Certainly not him.”“Hey—”But Jimin's Hey was drowned by Jungkook's Fuck you followed by him slipping from Jimin's grasp and throwing one nice left hook at Mingyu—Mingyu who barely managed to shove Jungkook away after that.Someone was getting between Jungkook and Mingyu; Mingyu was wiping his now-split lip with the back of his hand; someone was holding out their arms to separate the two and push Jungkook away. Time and space really worked mysteriously in such situations. Next thing Jungkook knew was Jimin was shoving him away and against a tree, putting some distance between them as his frustration peaked.“What the hell, Jungkook!”“Didn’t get to unleash it yet.”Jimin steadied him with a look. Park Jimin had that scary look to him, one that could put you in your place simply because of the chilling and domineering intensity it had. Jungkook had many thoughts on that look, but right now he was staring Jimin back, trying and failing to calm down.“He fucking deserved it.”“Because you didn’t start it.”“He provoked me!”“You were flirting with his partner, Jungkook, should he have just watched?”Jungkook could feel his fist clenching, shoulders tensing. “Whose side are you on?”Jimin shook his head. After a while, he put his hands on his hips, looking down then back up again at Jungkook. When his voice came out, it was calm—the kind of calm that sent shivers down your spine.“Do you really want to be that guy Jungkook?”Jungkook had a reply for that: He was already ‘that guy.’ But he didn’t think Jimin really wanted to hear that.“Do you want to spend your last year of highschool acting so edgy and being...” Jimin was groping for words—something Jungkook had never witnessed the elder do before. “Being such a mess?”Jungkook blinked—once, twice. He felt colours shatter into million tiny flakes of ash. He could only run away so far, and the disappointment latent in Jimin's stare threatened to undo him. Why was it that when we thrashed around that we expected arms to wrap around us, to hold us tighter and even more so the harder we tried to get away?There were so many things he wished he could tell Jimin, but somehow he was always waiting for the other to read him.It felt cold.At last Jimin just sighed and started walking over to him. He pressed a hand to Jungkook’s shoulder, letting it linger there, and he didn’t speak until he had looked Jungkook so intently in the eye that he was practically boring into his soul.“Listen, I'm not here to patronize you. I don’t want to say things I don’t mean and I need you to calm down before we could talk. Think we can do that?”Jungkook still couldn’t rid himself of the aftereffects of the icy chill that stole over him, and he was staring at the ground—at Jimin's retreating heels. He didn’t find his voice until Jimin had already been inches away from him—Hyung?Jimin turned around, waiting, and Jungkook's jaw unclenched.“I'm sorry.”“It’s not I who needs to hear an apology, Jungkook.”Except that Jimin was wrong. Jungkook wasn’t apologizing for earlier; he was apologizing because he knew Jimin deserved better.All along, he knew Park Jimin deserved to have someone better than him.   The past weeks finally reached their conclusion, the only natural result of a storm silently brewing. Jungkook clashed once again with his father, and once again, he was leaving the house lest he did more damage. This was supposed to be a lovely night: Why did Jeon Jaein insist on tainting everything his son wanted?Jungkook's feet were pounding the ground faster than usual, as if he couldn’t wait to leave his house behind. He could still hear his mother’s tearless voice, his father’s smouldering one that was never raised though always intense. He was still reliving the confrontation—his hand protectively holding on to his mother’s, refusing to let her demean herself any further by going after her husband; his burning eyes as he stared his father square in the eye, refusing to flinch and refusing to back down; his father’s heaving breaths as he couldn’t quite believe things had come to this.
My own son, looking at me so impertinently in the eye. Have you forgotten yourself?
The same old questions, the same old accusations, the same old toxic tactics. Jeon Jaein was a living proof that blood didn’t make family. He was a living proof that a roof over one’s head didn’t make a home. He didn’t deserve his wife, he didn’t deserve her tears, and he didn’t deserve her bleeding heart. If he was so unsatisfied that he felt the need to cheat over and over again and throw it in her face then he could just leave; no one was forcing him to stay.
Just let him go. No one needs him anyway.

Jungkook-ah, please—

He’s not even present! He just exists in this house, not knowing shit or giving a shit!
Usually he didn’t let things escalate like that, but Jungkook was so tired. He was tired of the oppressive atmosphere, of being made to feel as though he were a failure—as though all his life-decisions belonged in the trash can—of being patronized, of being looked down upon, of not being understood. He was tired of watching his mother being treated so poorly but still putting up with it in hopes that his father would someday change—as though twenty years of being married didn’t point to the contrary.His fingers were quickly skidding over his screen, angrily composing a message—can i come over early? got in a fight w/ dad n kinda dont wanna spend another sec in that hell-hole. Jungkook was in such a blind rage that he hadn’t noticed the lamppost in front of him, and like the dumbass he was, he walked right into it. Four things registered at the same time: his vision blurring as his nose and forehead bumped hard into the pole; his tongue tasting something metallic that was not the lamppost; his ears ringing as he recoiled; his phone dropping to the ground and letting out a ping. Luckily Jungkook only cared about the last of those things. He had barely rubbed his nose a few times, nursing the hurt, before he bent down to pick up his phone and read Jimin's reply—sure! fireworks r starting soon. we can head to festival early ^^ Park Chanri was the one who opened the door for Jungkook and he did his best to play it up for the kind lady, asking her about her health and making polite conversation. Her kind expression didn’t flag they conversed, but Jungkook thought he had seen her eyes widen when she first laid eyes on him. Perhaps he should have checked his face in his phone or so, but he was still too jittery. And this wish became more pressing when Jimin slid his bedroom door open for Jungkook, his smile instantly dropping as he took a step towards the younger—reaching for his face.“Oh my god, Jungkook, did your dad do th—”“No, no. He never touches me.” Jungkook waved off Jimin's concerned hand, instantly regretting it because he was very much in need for that gentle touch. “I was so pissed off I actually walked into a lamppost on my way here.”He wasn’t sure if that was a sigh of relief or frustration that escaped Jimin's lips now. Jimin then opened the door wide open and headed in—I’ll be ready in a minute.“As if you ever take a minute to get ready.” Jungkook teased and the other just glanced over his shoulder, hand still holding a t-shirt by the hanger while he checked himself in the mirror.“I thought one of us looking like a homeless person is enough.”“But I am homeless, hyung.”Jungkook was wiggling his eyebrows wryly, but it gave Jimin a pause and his expression became crestfallen for the shortest of beats. Moving past that, Jungkook was checking Jimin’s desk now, eyes skimming the book titles that lay atop it. It wasn’t long before he could hear Jimin shuffling behind him.“Okay this is too glaring.”He had barely turned around—barely witnessed an impishly-smiling Jimin loot something out of his drawer—when he drew a defensive step backwards.“We need to fix that up before going anywhere.”“I am not going to put on makeup.”“What's it, big guy, is your masculinity threatened by such a small flowery powder compact?”“That’s not why—”Jungkook had barely managed to scrunch up his nose, denying Jimin's spot-on accusation in such a high-pitched voice, when the latter’s expression switched to night-mode.“Jungkook sit your ass down or so help me I will make you.”“Bold words coming from such a tiny person—”Jimin wouldn’t let him finish, but Jungkook’s reaction was quick. He caught Jimin's hands in his—lacing his fingers with Jimin's and disrupting his motion—and he was surprised to see that Jimin’s eyes were still sparkling with mischief. This time, despite his bravado and smirk, he wasn’t quick enough. Dipping low, Jimin had hooked his ankle to Jungkook's, making the other lose his balance, a grunt mingling with the low hum of Jimin's laughter. He used the momentum to make Jungkook topple onto bed, a triumphant smile resting easily on his lips. Feeling his heart stutter, Jungkook was about to struggle, but the smirking Jimin was already straddling his waist on bed, both hands pinning his wrists to either side of his head and constricting his motion completely.“Go on,” Jimin teased; his warm breath washing down Jungkook's face. “You seemed full of it a minute ago.”Jungkook wanted to say something but he was hypnotized: The grain of Jimin's lips seemed to rest a hairsbreadth away from his and the latter’s eyes were simply spellbound.“Okay you win.” He finally said and Jimin's eyes instantly crinkled into a smile. He wouldn’t loosen his grip or get off Jungkook, though.Keep still, he had said, reaching for the compact on the nightstand, leaning way too close to Jungkook's face as his dainty fingers meticulously applied the powder. Jungkook watched as Jimin worked, feeling a tightness in his stomach that had little to do with Jimin's weight on top of him, and he was glad the elder’s hands were no longer on either of his wrists because they would have definitely felt his skyrocketing pulse beneath them.Five minutes ago, Jungkook would have rather perished before that powder touched his skin; now, he wanted this moment to go on forever. It might have been the jovial atmosphere of the festival and it might have been the Jimin effect, but Jungkook felt the knot in his chest progressively loosening—with each crinkle of Jimin's eyes, with each joke shared, with each hand-tug, with each competitive game they participated in. Fireworks were colourfully going off in the sky and the music tunes were still dancing around them—Jimin seemed in part magic as he nibbled at his candy apple, Jungkook barely resisting the urge to tease him. He was at the point of reaching to Jimin's cheek to wipe off a sugar smudge when the latter’s eyes lit up—eyes drifting to something behind Jungkook. A kiosk.“Are those lanterns in the sky?”Jimin was already heading towards the aforementioned kiosk and Jungkook found himself missing the presence already. And so, he was following, watching Jimin's back as he slid through the crowd, focusing on his voice.“It’s a rare phenomenon but guess you were partly wrong,” Standing next to Jimin, Jungkook crossed his arms, eyes drifting to the kiosk’s name—Can You Hear My Heart. “Those are not lanterns but it still sounds like something risky if you ask me.”Jimin elbowed him and he sniggered. Instead of asking any of the people there, Jimin's eyes drifted to the banner by the kiosk, trying to make sense of what those sky-floating balloons were all about. Jungkook could guess from the name, and but by the time Jimin was back to his side, he had confirmed his suspicions.“Apparently this is confessional messaging or something. You take a piece of paper and write a message to someone and let the balloon take it wherever—like a message in a bottle thrown in the sea.”“Sounds like a great communication method when, you know, a wholeass talking exists.”Jimin gave Jungkook a tired look and the latter’s smile turned lopsided, puzzled.“What's that look for?”“Mostly because you, Mr. Frank-“Communication”-Ocean, think people will always be ready to speak their heart out, or that others will always be available to hear them out.”Jungkook was about to reply when Jimin briefly looked over his shoulder, and his tone became quieter when he returned to Jungkook—leaning closer. “I heard a couple of people saying they're sending messages to a dead family member or an old friend, you think your take will work now?”“Well then that’s just fucking depressing.” Jungkook scratched the back of his neck, fleetingly thinking about the apologies or confessions he would have to make to partake in such emotional torture. “Wouldn’t ever wish to be one of those people.”“It’s therapeutic, and it’s brilliant. You can never know how much sadness people carry around with them, and they just need to put their baggage down for a while.”“Thank you! Can you tell him that now?”Jungkook's eyes shifted to the voice’s source. From behind the banner stood two guys, a short one wearing round glasses and sporting a contorted expression, and a taller one with disheveled blond hair and cat-like eyes—both seemed about their age and it was the latter who spoke. Slowly turning around, Jimin was pressing a smile at that stranger, one that had an undertone of caution to it.“I'm sorry, I didn’t mean to eavesdrop.” The stranger approached them. “I'm Kwon Soonyoung and this here is the mastermind behind project Can You Hear My Heart, Woozi.”Jungkook and Jimin introduced themselves, bowing in turn. This Woozi—who, on clapping Soonyoung's chest, introduced himself as Lee Jihoon—joined them, essaying a smile. Apparently Jihoon came up with this project and Soonyoung wanted to push it a little further. The two of them, with the help of their mutual ‘tech wiz’ friend, set up a website that had the same premise of the kiosk now. According to Soonyoung it was ‘still beta but it’s getting hits and people are letting off so many balloons.’ Jihoon, like any kid with an innovative idea, was thinking maybe they should unplug the project—I don’t think it’s a good idea… too complicated and too cliché and too embarrassing.“But you believed in it, didn’t you?”Everyone, and not just Jihoon, was taken aback by that; and all three sets of eyes rested on an abashedly-smiling Jungkook. But the latter had been one too many times intimate with that crippling self-doubt, and he wasn’t about to watch a good idea go to waste because of such paralysis.“I meant to say you started it because you had a vision, because you wanted to reach out to people and connect them somehow. Connect to them, too. It’s not something common these days, and I think you should stick by your baby project.” He motioned around them. “People are already loving it, as you can see. The world needs this.”It wasn’t his best speech but he hoped he had got through to Jihoon. The latter’s expression melting into a genuine smile told him that at least the gesture was appreciated. Their new friends had to go to tend to the kiosk and Jihoon made sure he gave Jimin and Jungkook a card with the website name on it—So you watch it grow. Or when it grows, whichever. At that, Jimin and Jungkook too left the kiosk—the latter pretending he couldn’t feel the weight of his hyung’s eyes on him. He would sneak a sideward glance at the humming Jimin and find his smile giddy. But it wasn’t long before he broke out of that mood.“Oh my god!” Jimin practically jumped up in front of Jungkook, tugging at his hand. “Jungkookie they're dancing over there and it’s Shinhwa’s songs!”On following Jimin's finger, Jungkook could see a makeshift crew lining up and dancing to This Love. There was a crowd forming around them—people who, despite not knowing the choreography, were moving to the rhythm and seeming to enjoy themselves.“Please don’t tell me—”But once again Jimin was already slipping away, and Jungkook was watching his back—hand still lingering in the air as it held on to Jimin's for the last second, for a second longer. He was smiling but he felt a sinking weight in his chest. Jimin was turning around—beaming as he walked backwards, risking tripping down and bumping into people—and beckoning to Jungkook.“Come on, Jungkookie, this is living in the moment and I want you with me.”It was impossible not to fall captive to the radiant unfurling of Jimin's last smile, and so Jungkook was seeing Jimin in pastel hues right now. And more than ever he was sure of one thing: He would follow Jimin anywhere—he would follow him through the dark and to the end of the world.Jungkook looked and gazed and fell, watching as Jimin joined the crew and started dancing to Perfect Man, feeling himself to the fullest that every move of his had a majestic eloquence to it—as captivating as the words, the magic, running from his fingertips. Watching Park Jimin was pure psychedelic inebriation—seeing a soul trying to supersede its embodiment and transcend its earthly surroundings surely had to be so.He watched and watched and watched, grin only growing broader; he watched until a single sentence urged him from his delirium—Dance with me.Jungkook met Jimin's playful eyes as the latter’s hand clutched to his, leading him to where everyone was dancing, and Jungkook could swear he was no longer his own. He was Jimin's. Jimin was staring his eyes and Jungkook was feeling an indistinct need to hold on to something. It was brief and it might have not taken more than a few seconds, but it was a perfect moment of glorious rapture and it lingered—living on and on in Jungkook's memory.And dancing he did. Dancing with Jimin he forever would.



Affliction
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Apparently, the universe was fixated on wearing Jungkook out with its bad cosmic joke. It still had much more in store for him.Kim Namjoon had invited them to his beach house in celebration of his twenty-ninth (belated) birthday and due to personal reasons Jungkook wanted to d-word. But there was the trick: Avoiding Jimin in a house where four other people existed didn’t prove to be as hard.When he dropped at Namjoon's so they could drive together and found Jimin, Jungkook got to learn—as per his favourite hyung—that they would have more company. He guessed he would find Min Yoongi there too, given how the two, Namjoon and Yoongi, were lifelong friends. However, he almost lost his shit when he saw Jung Hoseok, too, was in said beach house. Apparently he had been tight with Namjoon since their college days. And this wasn’t the end of it: everyone’s favourite actor, Kim Seokjin, was also there. The group was so weird but it also fitted together perfectly, and the air in the house was nothing but amicable and playful and just wholesome.When one stopped seeing a fight in everything, one got to really enjoy oneself. Jungkook wasn’t actively avoiding Jimin; they were keeping it civil and it was working out.Or it kind of was, until Jungkook had slipped twice. 
Jungkookian slip #1: O to be the wood dancing under your fingertips.
After finishing a few rounds of Uno, Namjoon had suggested they play Rummy; and Jungkook decided to sit this one out because Doing maths for fun? Hell no.“Man, I should’ve joined Jungkook-ah, too,” Hoseok, ruffling his hair in frustration, whined. Jungkook didn’t miss the way Yoongi smiled endearingly at that. Namjoon was mumbling something and Jungkook moved so he would be perched on the arm of the chair closest to where Seokjin was sitting on the ground.“You're gonna do me dirty, aren’t you?”Jungkook laughed and slowly shook his head—I would never, hyung.Seokjin angled his cards away from Jungkook. “I don’t trust you, Kook-ah, you have this look in your eye that says you can't wait to achieve some mischief.”“He wouldn’t even if he wanted.” Namjoon briefly looked up from his cards. “Numbers? Get them away from me.”Again Jungkook was laughing, and he wasn’t the only one this time; everyone joined at the voice imitation Namjoon had just done. Jungkook scanned their faces and felt a smug feeling bristle in his chest: He had long been watching the game. He threw one last glance in Jimin's direction, eyes lingering at his ringed fingers drumming against the table; he could recognize some of those rings and the bitter taste in his mouth wasn’t from the Soju he was drinking. After some effort to emerge from the memories, he said,“I don’t need to, anyway. Y’all are gonna be owned very soon.”A number of objections immediately shot up, followed by a few pillows thrown here and a few grunts there, but Jungkook managed to meet Jimin's eyes and witness a smirk spreading across his face. In two moves—by Jimin's turn—the game was over. Jungkook raised a glass at no one in particular, locking gaze with Jimin before saying,“Told you.”The only thing he could admit to Yoongi—when asked how he knew Jimin was about to win—was that Park Jimin ‘had a tell.’ But didn’t they all? 
Jungkookian slip #2: O to be the words dancing from your fingertips.
After getting stuffed and clowning the hell out of Namjoon, they started to chill. First a lame movie—which they also clowned—and then they were playing a makeshift game of Who Am I. Seokjin decided that since all of them were artists in their own right, what everyone was to guess had to be one of their works—a Hoseok or a Seokjin movie, a Namjoon or a Yoongi musical piece, a Jimin book, a Jungkook painting.“Wow, way to make it awkws for everyone, hyung.”Seokjin scrunched up his nose at Jungkook. “Let’s see how many of my movies you’ve actually watched, shithead.”Fair enough. But it didn’t end there; Jung Hoseok too had tweaked the game.
How do you always manage to include blindfolds in everything?

Because everything is one blindfold away from becoming kinky, Namu.
And then he, along with Min-‘Iamobviouslysointoyou’-Yoongi, started to explain the rules of the game. Everyone was to draw one of the folded paper-slips, randomly picking whom they would be tagging. Everyone was to write the name of a work of art by the person sitting next to them—as well as the artist’s name on the outside—so the tagged person would draw that paper-slip and know which piece of art they would be describing. During their turn, everyone but the one describing and the one guessing was to be blindfolded so they wouldn’t slip and help anyone. You couldn’t make random guesses; you only had one shot and you had to make it right else you took a shot. Because of course liquor was included—it was also a Hoseok rule. Also if everyone else failed to guess said work, they too drank. No genres divulged, no key scenes; and kudos if you could describe it badly or with just one-word sentences.The paper Jungkook had drawn had Yoongi's name on it, and Namjoon's writing let him know he would be describing Yoongi's Seesaw. This was going to be so fun—trying to describe music in words. Especially one that fucked with Jungkook on all levels possible. Who could ever put the genius of how a musical piece moved your soul into words? Jungkook wouldn’t even be able to paint it.Hoseok and Namjoon started. Tying his blindfold, Jungkook had accidentally left some space which allowed him to see how Namjoon had taken one look at Hoseok's forehead and lifted his chin superiorly.“Anarchy, but make it horny.”“Hip-thrusts?” Jungkook could hear Hoseok's laugh.“One too many, bro.”Baepsae. Hardly anyone drank after that. Jungkook adjusted his blindfold.Seokjin and Namjoon.
Are you hoping it won't be Expensive Girl?

More than you can ever guess.
After Seokjin kept pulling a Seokjin, Namjoon figured it out—on Lowercase says gay rights and Ambiguous pronunciation for mystery aesthetics—he gathered that it was tokyo. Yoongi and Jungkook drank at that, and like hell were they teased for it.Yoongi and Jimin. Jungkook was absentmindedly tracing a finger to the rim of his glass, trying to mentally sit this one out and grateful that the blindfold provided one less sense engaged.
There's a garden and a wall and a questionable ending.

You're describing about every book I ever wrote, hyung.

Be gay and do crime.
Everyone was laughing but Jungkook was starting to see where this was going.
Everything can be that if you have the taste for it, give me something to work with.

Well I'm bad with the details. But it was a good book.
Jimin was growing frustrated, laughing every time Yoongi shot a one-word sentence—binaries, music, wishbones, colours.Jungkook tensed.“Okay then, give me a colour.”Yoongi made a mhmm then said, “Silver features at the end.”“Ivory.” Jungkook hadn’t intended to say that out loud, and he was still grateful for the blindfold, regardless of how the silence suggested everything he suspected. “The thing that features towards the—quote unquote—end is ivory, not silver.”There was a beat of silence and Jungkook daren’t remove his blindfold.“Let Us Leave the Sky to Bleed.” Said Jimin at last, his voice leaving no room for doubt.On taking off the blindfold, Jungkook wouldn’t make eye-contact with Jimin, even though he could feel the weight of the oceanic eyes following him—asking for a second of his glance. He pretended he was too busy being teased for ‘reading that kind of books’ because legit everyone else at the table drank at that.And would Jungkook let it rest at that? Hell no.After everyone called it a night, Jungkook headed to the veranda on the second floor, seeking some quiet. It was funny; long ago it was established that he and Jimin opted for the same hiding place.Jimin only threw one leisure glance over his shoulder before he moved slightly to the right, making space for Jungkook. He was looking at the full-moon, the air around him scented with vanilla twilights and iodine ashes and menthol cigarettes.“Do you ever wonder if maybe the reason why human memories aren’t so reliable—why they get diluted by time—is because that’s the only way humans can get a chance at a rich experience?”Jungkook's eyebrows furrowed—a frequent reaction to Jimin's questions. He waited, eyes falling on Jimin, studying his profile—the slope of nose, the curve of his lips, the slant of his jaw, the glint in his eye. All too familiar pieces.“Sometimes I find myself wondering if we experience the best and most exhilarating things—the most singular thing—at a young age and we spend the rest of our lives trying to recreate that feeling, so desperately looking for it that we can be blind to the beauty of the moment we’re living in. But no matter what, it’ll always come second because nothing lives up to any first. You'll always feel like you're settling because you're too attached to a memory like you know it. Like you want it.”Smiling to himself, Jungkook too faced forward, letting the sea breeze cleanse his lungs. And again, Jimin's voice was drifting over to his ears—serene, wonderlike.“We seek people in loud places to be quiet with and we project ideals onto them hoping we’d get a glimpse of those smaller moments of magic that defined our youth. And we can never know, if we’re really high on that feeling or we’re just imitating what we’re seeing, what we’re hoping we’re someday capable of feeling.”Jungkook was seeing things in double. This was highly reminiscent of a night he wasn’t too fond of revisiting—of burning out cigarettes and burning up hearts—but it also reminded him of something else.“Do you remember that one night we were watching In the Mood for Love?”Jungkook was risking a lot prefacing a conversation with that cursed question, but he knew it was worth it. Jimin was nodding.“Chance encounters and missed opportunities.”“And forbidden longings, forever unfulfilled.” Jungkook added, finally catching Jimin's eye. And he held his gaze. “Memories keep us warm when all else feels cold; we commemorate token moments by revisiting them because we don’t want to let go. Sometimes they feel loftier because they're untainted—because they're ideals remaining in the realm of impossibility, never accessible. But that’s not what I'm hanging over right now. A series of unfortunate events taught me that sometimes it’s because things aren’t long-lasting that we appreciate them as much. We can't expect people to stick around for the entire ride, but it doesn’t mean we shouldn’t thank them for what they’ve already given us. Lessons they’ve taught us. Same applies to experiences.”He paused and Jimin tilted his head, turning his body to face Jungkook fully. Vaguely hearing the soft sound of lapping waters, the latter carried on, unfazed by Jimin's inscrutable smile.“I say ‘taught me’ with some reservations tho. Because sometimes I find myself aching not for those people; I wonder about those people I never met. People that missed being my ‘almost’ by an inch. People I have met but didn’t see. People like me wandering around praying they’ll find themselves—someone—but they just happen to have been born ten years earlier or twenty later or even light-years away. I wonder about all those people and this makes me feel like I owe everyone I meet an apology. Am I making sense?”Jimin laughed, head tipped back and eyes tapping into their infinite dreamy reservoir.“I'm a series of unfortunate events to you now, Jeon Jungkook?”“Depends on the day.” Jungkook shrugged easily and Jimin smiled, still staring at the younger.They maintained eye-contact as each of them streamed into his own waters, memories holding them neither in hell nor in heaven. The familiar glint in Jimin's eyes let Jungkook know that he could still recall the same conversation from years ago—same premise, just more muddled. As was everything. There came the whooshing moan of air and Jungkook shut his eyes, inhaling the ocean in one breath and letting Jimin's dandelion-like wispy voice call him back into the moment.“What’s on that pretty mind of yours?”“You once again got me thinking about all the philosophical questions.”“Like what?”He spun around so he would be resting his elbows on the banister, his chin on his shoulder—peering at Jimin.“Why does time not exist tho it never leaves, why do bad things happen in the world if there’s a deity somewhere in the sky, why are all my before and after’s marked by you?”Jimin was giggling—head tipped back, hair fanning around him—and filling the deepest chambers of Jungkook's heart with ethereal music.“It’s a shame I can't answer any of those.”“Not even the last one?”“Especially not the last one.”Slowly, Jungkook looked back at the starry night. He wasn’t going to be Van Gogh’s suicide letter tonight. Tonight was ceasefire.“What made you guess?”Jimin didn’t miss a beat. “Too many tells, Jungkook. You're not the only one who pays attention.”“Humour me.”Jimin shifted slightly to face Jungkook, biting his bottom lip. A few beats had passed before he provided an answer.“The, quote unquote, end. Hopeful endings aren’t endings, not when they hinge on a conditional. Your fixation on the colour.”Jungkook nodded. He wasn’t the one fixating on the colour; he just learned to tell the shades apart. Still, he was slipping into another memory but Jimin's voice grounded him in the moment.“All those years, you knew but still let me win?”Jungkook shrugged. Park Jimin drummed his fingers clockwise then counterclockwise if he was somewhat stressed because he didn’t have all the cards up his sleeve, but only clockwise if he was confident he was going to win and was just waiting to make a move.They stood there, enjoying the silence for a while. Jimin then had to step inside, taking a call; and Jungkook got to hear the ‘Sup baby,’ clear as though it were seven years ago. He didn’t want to hang for long on it, and soon, he too was heading to his room.  A few things hadn’t really occurred to Jungkook before they made it back at Namjoon's place in Seoul. He still had his car in Namjoon's garage, and only then had it hit to him to wonder where Jimin was staying. It had been over two weeks since he had first seen him; Jimin couldn’t have been staying at a hotel that long.Namjoon was already inside his house, taking care of an alarm accidentally going off. Jungkook was by his car; Jimin was checking his phone.“Which hotel are you staying at?”Jimin's tone was cheeky as was his posture. “Is this an attempt to get me into your bed?”“Just offering a ride,”“Yup, so guilty as charged.”Jungkook smiled, looking down momentarily.“Your loss then—missing out on a ride home.”“Thanks”—Jimin was grinning—“but I already have a ride.”As if on cue, the main gate was being opened and a figure was approaching them—a figure that borrowed much from Jungkook's nightmares. It wasn’t long before Kim Taehyung had emerged from the darkness and was standing before the mute Jungkook. If there were any flipsides to this, it was how Jungkook was grateful Jimin's eyes were too focused on Taehyung to pay him any attention. Even his voice still had the same giddy lilt.“This is long overdue but, Jungkook, this is Taehyung, my—”“Paramour.” Taehyung offered kindly, wrapping an arm around Jimin's shoulders and planting a kiss on his cheek before turning to Jungkook, expression moiling halfway. “Kim Taehyung… tho I believe we've met—?”All Jungkook could manage was a nod accompanying, “Jackson’s party.”Taehyung made a face. “Senior year. Wild night indeed.”“Another dallying night of yours, Tae?”Taehyung's wry smile and husky-toned parroting morphed into a full kiss on Jimin's lips—one that despite its slow natural progression seemed to have taken Jimin by surprise.Jungkook sobered up at that. Something was not adding up. He smoothly excused himself—not like third-wheeling was really paid any attention—and got into his car. The ride was fine. Jungkook walked into his penthouse, and by the time he made it past a number of paintings that were idly lying around, his knees had been hitting the floor. For what it was worth, he wasn’t joking when he told Jimin if he were to be real then he would be on his knees—too many things to do on one’s knees, not just mock-proposals. Making it without breaking down for almost three weeks, given their history, was a feat in itself. Jungkook deserved this one. ✦✦✦ Jimin could barely contain his excitement as he led Taehyung into his studio-apartment—his hand over Taehyung's eyes and his toes almost hitting Taehyung's heels. On a high-pitched Ta-da, Jimin lowered his hands and waited for Taehyung to Judge Him™.“Should I tell you my honest opinion as a decent human being or as an unimpressed art enthusiast?”Slapping Taehyung with the towel, Jimin barely managed to let out an As my partner amidst his laughter. And of course Taehyung would correct that—Paramour. At first Jimin thought Taehyung was being cheesy, but the inside-joke soon grew on him.“I think it’s lovely. I like the minimalist decorations and I love how vibrant the colours are. The painting in your office really breathes life into it.”Jimin’s grin became wider.“But?”Turning, Taehyung scrunched up his nose.“You know I'd comment on those hugeassed windows. Feels too exposed.”“That’s kind of the whole point.” Jimin shrugged, then he moved closer to Taehyung, wrapping an arm around his waist as he pouted. “It misses your touch tho.”“Want more dada art?” Taehyung laughed, stealing a quick kiss. “I can't compete when you have a painting as beautiful as that one, tho. Maybe you should move it there”—He pointed above the loveseat in the living area—“so you'd make it the centrepiece instead of how you're basically hiding it.”Jimin only laughed, leaning in for a deeper kiss. The only reason he moved in here was because he wanted to be closer to Taehyung. They had been dating for a year now; Jimin was still travelling around the world and sometimes Taehyung would tag along when he wasn’t wrapped up in some movie or the other. But still, he missed his baby alien constantly. Sometimes he would be hit by how overwhelming this whole thing was—by how miracle-like it was that they could make it work.Breaking free gently, Taehyung sat on the edge of the bed, patting the spot beside him as he wiggled his eyebrows.“I’ll be here for a while, how do you want to make use of that?”Gasping, Jimin jumped up in excitement—I'm going to nap with my best bro. Naturally Taehyung would laugh, but naturally, he would tell Jimin to get real.“In this case then,” Jimin threaded his fingers through his hair and Taehyung was already reaching for his paramour’s hand, pulling him onto his lap. “We should totally make an appointment for those matching tattoos.”“The soulmates one? We've been dating for only a year, isn’t this moving too quickly?”“Dating again, Kim Taehyung. Second chances don’t happen for everyone.”Taehyung smirked, still teasing Jimin with his. “What about that one on your heart—To the last echo of our soul, won’t it get jealous? You’ve had it even before we’ve first dated, don’t you think that would be too many tattoos on your perfect, perfect skin?”Jimin was giggling into Taehyung's mouth now.“Nah, no worries. That’s a page I've turned long ago.”They started kissing again and Jimin could feel himself getting into it more and more. His phone started ringing and Taehyung was all like Ignore it. Except that he should have known better by now: Park Jimin was a tease. He let Taehyung's lip go with a pop, ran his tongue along his lips as he walked back slowly, then picked up his phone. As expected, it was his agent: The publishing house were ready to sign the book deal. Jimin got distracted after the first three exchanges or so; Taehyung was holding him from behind, nibbling at his ear and kissing his neck, moving his hands all over Jimin's torso and it was unknown how Jimin wasn’t moaning into the phone now.“Remember that heirloom ring Ma showed you last time we were at her place?” Taehyung whispered and Jimin was tossing his phone on bed—turning around to Taehyung. “Do you still like it?”“If it doesn’t end up on my ring finger then I don’t care about it.” Jimin was wrapping his arms around Taehyung's neck—Taehyung who moaned, looking seriously, intensely, into his lover’s eyes.“Park Jimin, you can't say stuff like that and expect a man not to lose his mind.”“But Kim Taehyungie”—Jimin was holding Taehyung's face, talking partly breathlessly against his lips as Taehyung led them back to bed—“I've long heard the madness growing in your soul.”“Only because I'm crazy about you.”“Wanna come here and show me exactly how crazy you are about me?”“Gladly.” ✦✦✦ ~[18]“Wake up!”Jungkook startled awake, vaguely feeling some weight roll off of him as he bolted upright. The melodious giggles ensuing let him know it was Jimin. On top of him.In a blur of haste and panic Jungkook gathered the blanket and held it up to his chest. He was sleeping naked save for his boxer-shorts. Three years—a year ago, even—he wouldn’t have minded stripping all the way before Jimin. But today was not three years ago.“Dammit, hyung, who let you in?”Jimin was still giggling, lazily leaning against the window and jerking a thumb at it. In the little light the crack of dawn provided, Jungkook could see Jimin’s getup was that of someone about to hit the gym or take on the world; he wasn’t sure which.“You bailed on me last weekend and let me run on my own. Today you're getting up and getting some good old exercise for your heart.”“Pretty sure the scare you just gave me is enough exercise for my heart, hyung.”When he was done mumbling—when he got up, locking gaze with an amused Jimin—Jungkook still wouldn’t let go of the blanket, hand ghosting over his wardrobe’s knob.“Do you mind?”“Watching you butt-naked? On the contrary.”Jungkook scowled. “For real, hyung,”Jimin hiked up an eyebrow—Really?—and Jungkook just shrugged noncommittally.“If it’s morning wood then trust me I've seen that before, no need to be coy.”Two years ago, Jungkook would have blushed. Now, he just snorted and proceeded to push Jimin out of the door. Or was going to, at least, until he remembered he would wake up his parents if that happened; and Jimin seemed to have read the gloomy thought in Jungkook's defeated expression. And so, the elder smirked and sat down by the door, making a Go on motion for Jungkook and waiting for him to dress up.Good news was that at least there was no morning wood. It was the first time that Jungkook had run down his stamina faster than Jimin.Jogging in his place a couple of meters ahead, Jimin flapped his hands at Jungkook to catch up.
What would it take for your feet to go faster, Jungkookie?
I will give you the moon and the stars if we could just take a break.I won't settle for less than the sun. Let’s go!Jimin's smile had been playful and he picked up pace, shouting for Jungkook to catch up. It was a good bargain, but Jimin knew there was no way Jungkook would give up the sun that easily. Ever since they were fifteen and Jungkook wouldn’t let it go. To him, it was yellow—Jimin's favourite colour—and he needed it.After twelve miles, even Jimin had to stop.“Okay, you certainly need to get some rest”—Jimin checked his phone—“and I have to go.”Still doubled-up and panting, Jungkook wiped his forehead with the back of his hand and looked up at Jimin with one eye closed.“Ditching me so early?”“Sorry, boo, I'm having breakfast with Tae.”Jungkook willed himself not to feel down. Ever since this Kim Taehyung came in the picture and it was all Tae this and Tae that. It left a certain aftertaste in Jungkook's mouth—one that made him less and less eager to meet this Kim Taehyung. And somehow he had managed not to, shooting down every offer Jimin made to make his two circles meet.But Jungkook should have seen it coming. Jimin was off to college; it was inevitable he would meet someone new. The fact that throughout highschool they, Jimin and Jungkook, managed to be each other’s strongest friendship was a feat in itself; and Jungkook knew such a day would come. But for a while now, hope and despair were flaring and dying in him by turns, and he was thirsty—oh-so-thirsty—for the heights.On getting his heart to pipe down—relatively speaking—Jungkook straightened up and put both hands on his hips, nodding at Jimin.“I promise I’ll make it up for you tonight, Kookie.”At that, Jimin started running the other direction and all Jungkook could do was watch Jimin's back. Again.  “So did you bury the time-capsule yet?”Jungkook only managed a Mhm, not wanting to get distracted from translating every line in Jimin into his canvas. He hadn’t asked to paint Jimin for almost a year now. He didn’t feel confident enough and he feared he would ruin perfection’s incarnate with his fumbling hands. That among other things.But alas. There they were, Jungkook giving in to temptations as always.“You know the point of hanging out with you is hanging out with you and not your mumbling corpse.”Jimin stirred and Jungkook met his gaze, a warning in them—don’t move.The fifteen-year-old Jungkook who told Jimin This might sound weird but it takes a lot for me to draw someone surely didn’t expect he would spend hours into the night painting Jimin as though they were eighteen-century lovers.It was funny though, because the same concerns still stood. Throughout his life, Jungkook never dared to put his heart out there for someone, to leave a piece of himself with someone else. And that was art for him. Because what if that someone turned out to be a jerk? Then he would have wasted time and ink and effort on them; he would have invested his heart and time on someone worthless. And that scared him.You just needed to find that someone who was worth it.Every time Jungkook's eyes would meet Jimin's while his hands painted, he would understand the power of the ‘gaze.’ Sometimes one look can make you transcend space and time, but a mutual look between painter and subject unearths too many forbiddens.It was funny anyway, because multiple times Jimin told Jungkook to just use a reference picture but the younger was all about no camera’s quality is as powerful as a painter’s gaze. He knew Jimin enabled him because he thought it was cute. Jimin thought a lot of things about Jungkook were cute, which was slightly, but only slightly, concerning.“Would you rather be with someone you love but doesn’t love you back, or someone who loves you but whom you don’t love?”For some reason this made Jungkook laugh.“This is stupid.” He put down his brush; he was done for the day anyway—not that Jimin would see the finished product.Getting up, Jimin stretched—and, boy, that always did Things™ to Jungkook—then said, “Humour me.”“I know the safe answer is the latter but I don’t think I'd take it.”“So you won't go for the selfish approach?”Jungkook shook his head, collecting his stuff.“I want to go for neither, hyung. And love’s a shit concept anyway.”It was Jimin's turn to laugh now, and Jungkook was once again wishing he could drink in that voice.“I see you're still anti-Romance,”“What can we do, I have my cheater of a dad to thank for the trauma, but cheers, I’ll drink to that!”Jimin barely managed a You don’t even drink from his giggles. The pause they lapsed into felt stripping; Jungkook felt Jimin's eyes bore into him—in part trying to read him, in part letting Jungkook read them. He hated that: Jeon Jungkook never knew what to make of that feeling—of the overpowering confusion, of the unidentified hostility, of that hitching feeling that made it hard to breathe, of his breathlessness at the most random of moments around Jimin. Of how he constantly felt as though he were struggling to swim out to Jimin. This unidentified feeling would be triggered by anything, and Jungkook hated it. He couldn’t tell why, but it scared him, perhaps because of the things it unlocked in him.At last, he cleared his throat, catching Jimin shake his head—eyes slightly downcast—before looking away.“You're hopeless.”That made Jungkook tense. “Why is that now?”There was something sad and wistful lurking in the corner of Jimin's smile, a certain despair weighing down his eyes.“If I have to spell it out for you then you're beyond hopeless, Jeon Jungkook.”Okay, full name. This was serious. Jimin was starting up his laptop, beckoning to Jungkook all the same. When the younger sat down, cross-legged on bed, Jimin's hand moved to the younger’s knee, thumb drawing circles on it; and Jungkook could swear it lingered there longer than it needed. How long was ‘needed’ anyway? He could hear his very own gulp and he could feel Jimin's intense gaze find his face, also beckoning, or maybe it held a silent dare—come find me.“Jungkook—”“Of course we’ll watch Garden of Words again, hyung.”Of course Jungkook would ruin this. Jeon Jungkook knew nothing but how to ruin things. Still, he mentally berated himself as Jimin sighed and gave a small nod. And like that, they spent the rest of the night marathonning Makoto Shinkai movies—or Jungkook did; Jimin fell asleep on the younger’s shoulder somewhere around the one hour mark in Your Name. It wasn’t like Jungkook could complain; he was due to stay the night anyway.   It was impossible to sleep that night. Jungkook had been tossing and turning in vain attempts to make his heart pipe down. He was so full of Jimin he felt like he would implode; and he didn’t know what to make of this. And so, he kicked away the blankets and tottered to his desk, ruffling his hair like a man coming undone.Since Jeon Jungkook was big on making lists, he got up and started making a list entitled Times When It Felt different. He had no idea how many times casual interactions became not-so-causal. All he knew was that whenever they came in physical contact, Jungkook's skin thrilled to Jimin's touch; and whenever Jungkook's fingers touched Jimin, tidal waves and earthquakes would pulse beneath his skin. It was impossible how sometimes he looked Jimin in the eye and he felt as if he were drowning, though it wasn’t an unpleasant feeling. At least he thought it wasn’t, why else wouldn’t he want it to stop?But things weren’t adding up. Being in Jimin's orbit triggered his fight-or-flight response and somehow he was constantly teetering between either, or maybe he was just opting for both and neither at the same time. He didn’t get it: It was either you were flying or you were falling; there couldn’t exist a third option that assimilated both excitements.He turned over his hand, trying to steady it—that hand which was a testimony to how skin had a memory of its own—and he wondered if his skin would ever get to relish a darkness Jimin's fingers could leave behind, a constellation of possibilities and maps to places they were headed—places where they could collide. He wondered if his skin could ever be marked, blurring all the beginnings and endings, tallying all their moments together and etching them like secrets into his bones.Probably. That about summed up how he felt.Laughter and helpless grins and a swift breaking down of barriers and your head on my shoulder and my hand in yours—but what did it culminate to? When did it happen anyway? Chuseok? New Year, or in a birthday made too special? First snow where Jimin got so excited about the snow Jungkook felt so light and so full—so intoxicated by Jimin's laugh and the way he could let go and just be in the moment? Late-night texting or the million escapades on rooftops cursing the world and singing on top of their lungs and entertaining millions of what-ifs? In the endless loops of hyung you have to listen to this song or the impromptu series of this paragraph reminded me of you? Was it the numerous nights they spent biking around the city, reaching the outskirts and making constellations in the light-pollution-free sky while being high on laughter? Or was it the million sunsets they had watched together, the million instances of finding magic in small moments? Maybe it was in those liminal spaces filling their conversations—somewhere between a lingering gaze here or a stolen one there, somewhere between seeing art in the human and wondering if he could ever look at him and not see poetry. Just where did you and I begin to blur? How could you notice the shift if someone is constantly by your side and your hands often find each other because you're used to leaning on one another’s shoulders?Jungkook closed his eyes and all he could see were afterimages of memories he hadn’t noticed he had cherished so much. Those were his probably’s; those were what to be written down under his list. Ever since they met, Jimin and Jungkook had been tossing ‘teach me’ at one another as if they were playing Ping-Pong. Whenever there was something one of them could do particularly well, the other instantly sparked up a curiosity about it. Jungkook could account for that: He was interested in Jimin's interests because the way Jimin's eyes lit up when he spoke about the things he loved made Jungkook want to know all about them—be one of them, if possible. It wasn’t that he wanted to learn those things, per se; he just wanted to learn all the right notes of that mesmerizing song that was Park Jimin.It was the first time he noticed a change.They had been physically close millions of times—more times than this lifetime could keep up with. It was a thing with boys growing up together, that little modesty they had around one another—swimming, stripping, sleeping, you name it. Jimin had recently taken up archery, and Jungkook was secretly practicing it.All it took was for Jimin to see the fruits of the younger’s efforts, for Jimin to walk up on him—to stand right behind him.“That was really great,” he was whispering in Jungkook's ear; Jungkook could feel Jimin's breath against the nape of his neck, the heat from where his hands were ghosting over his very outlines.He daren’t turn. Jimin's hand reached for Jungkook's elbow, the other resting on his waist. Jungkook could swear he felt something electric, and it jolted his heart, slowly making it become the beating of a drum.“You might consider a higher angle for your shoulder tho, it makes it easier.”Hell, when did Jimin's often sultry voice become so husky, as though it were perpetually garbled by sleep?Jungkook wasn’t sure what happened or how his speech capacity functioned. All he could feel was Jimin's hand—his fingers—gliding across his waist, then abdomen, then nowhere, leaving a trail of fire behind it.  The second incident that lit up in Jungkook's mind was from that day in the diner after school.It was almost 8 P.M. by the time they left their garden and decided to grab a bite. Jimin had suggested they opt for a new place so they just walked into the first place they liked. It was their little serendipity—finding that diner.The diner wasn’t retro-themed, but every booth had a small jukebox as though it were still the forties or eighties even.
What if it’s a spooky invention that knows what you want to hear most and it plays it,

Or maybe it stirs at a person’s touch, scanning their taste through their fingertips and playing something to cater to said taste.
Of course Jungkook laughed. To test Jimin’s theory, he fed the machine a coin, eyes locked onto Jimin's as they both grinned at one another, waiting.“This will be the song of your innermost heart, Jungkook-ssi.”They picked that up recently—that ssi. It was a thing that started as a tease then got stuck, but what else was new?It was an English song—Lost Stars by Adam Levine. Jungkook knew the song; and the way Jimin's eyes dreamily slanted told him that he wasn’t the only one.Perhaps Jimin was onto something when he said that last comment.Except that there was more to it: Jungkook could read what was implied, what hovered in the air between their untouching hands.It was their song.  The third incident was the one that flared in Jungkook's mind most hotly; it was also the most recent one.It started with a text Jimin sent him, it transitioned into one weird ride Jungkook gave him, and it ended with a roller-coaster. Jungkook knew Jimin was in a party for the night: After all, Jungkook too had made plans for the night with some of his classmates since he couldn’t meet up with Jimin.And naturally he would be home before Jimin's night came to a close. Except that deus ex machina happened.
Meet me at Jackson’s? Come ASAP. No reason to panic.
Jungkook wasn’t panicking; he liked it when Jimin needed him. He liked it when Jimin wasn’t afraid to show that he needed him. Those were rare moments but perhaps that was what made them all the more special.And all was well anyway. Jungkook was just leaving the restaurant when he got the coordinates. Jackson’s house was barely five minutes away. “I can't believe that’s why you called me.”“Maybe I just wanted to show you off to my college friends.” Jimin giggled and it made Jungkook lose his grip slightly.Apparently, Dancing Machine Park Jimin had a twisted ankle and he, quote unquote, couldn’t walk and, by extension, couldn’t take himself home. So naturally he called Jungkook who didn’t even have a license and naturally his ride of choice was piggyback because cabs were not a thing. And naturally Jungkook would oblige.“You could’ve not come,”“You wanted me there.”“To the last echo of our soul, Jungkook, Remember?”A slow smile spread across Jungkook's face. How could he ever forget? It was their thing after all. One of millions.Jungkook readjusted his grip under Jimin's thighs, loving the way Jimin's arms wrapped around his neck and dangled against his heart—his lilac scent on the night breeze. The best part about this was that Jimin was sober; this was a conscious decision. Part of Jungkook, despite everything, really wanted to believe Jimin wanted to introduce him to his friends. But one small incident couldn’t quite chase away the old fiend lurking in his heart.As Jungkook ambled along the wind-swept street, he felt like flowers scattered in a storm. Jimin's lips would brush against his neck and all of the younger’s thoughts would be displaced. The moon was gazing down on them with it tattered light mixing with street lights and splashing kaleidoscopic colours on Jimin's face, and all Jungkook could think of were colours that didn’t exist. Almost four years and all he could figure out was one colour—was the champagne colour of Park Jimin’s laughter.Moments like those made Jungkook feel as though he were hovering, suspended in time. He wished they wouldn’t go home so soon. And Jimin didn’t want to go back home; he wanted to crash at Jungkook's.It went exactly like that.Sneaking into the house without alerting Jungkook's father had thrown the latter back in time. He liked the feeling; that much didn’t change. The new thing was that when Jimin saw the easel in Jungkook's room, he decided that Sleep’s for the weak!“I'm painting you.”He closed one eye and pointed a dry brush at a giggling Jungkook.“How about I paint you?”“No, no. Enough with that.”Jungkook was trying—and failing—to hide his amusement, to seal off his smile. Jimin bit his bottom lip and Jungkook was running through a number of flirty-slash-inappropriate innuendos at that.“You take so long and it’s just that I get tired of waiting, Jungkook.”Jungkook was confused but he let it go all the same. Jimin soon moved to position Jungkook however he wanted him.
I'm painting you like a Greek god.

God of pheromones and sex appeal, I assume?
“No. Zeus.” Jimin smirked. “Because he was an asshole.”“Well at least he got ass as often as he wanted.”Jimin didn’t bite but Jungkook was satisfied. He then watched as Jimin closed one eye and held the pencil horizontally, made a line, vertically, then another line. It was always riveting to watch Jimin work on something; Jungkook particularly liked it when Jimin was typing away on his laptop—or his personal favourite, when his fine penmanship was gracing some papers to channel them beautiful thoughts that he had.After a few beats of this, Jimin started moving—more like limping, yet even that was a graceful act with Park Jimin—towards Jungkook. His expression was intense, determined; and it was doing things to Jungkook.“Something’s amiss.”Jimin placed one hand on Jungkook's waist and the latter could swear the fabric had gone afire beneath that tender touch. He then placed his other hand on Jungkook's other side, and the look he threw Jungkook as he leant in was laced with so many dark promises—promises that could only manifest themselves in the younger’s basest desires. Jungkook knew not if it was deliberate or if it was simply his mind playing tricks on him, tampering with the fabric of time and stretching it to torment him; but Jimin was pulling his shirt up—slowly, torturously, expertly—and Jungkook found nothing to do but lift up his hands, but surrender.His thinking capacity was compromised; Jimin's perfume had gone into his brain, his touch making Jungkook's heart kick up more notches than they should, and his gaze holding Jungkook afloat in space. Where was this heading, why was Jungkook freezing, how could he quell the fire Jimin's gaze was touching off, what should he do? Or what should he not do?After the shirt was out of the way, Jimin tilted his head to the right. There came the half-smirk, half-smile.“Perfect.” He said, walking backwards slowly.When Jungkook found his voice, Jimin was already holding the pencil, sitting more like a muse than an artist—one foot on the floor, the other against the stool’s leg.“You sure can't keep your hands to yourself.”Jimin simply arched one perfect eyebrow—a wry smile tagging along.Jungkook wasn’t sure what happening anymore. It wasn’t a game but something told him he was losing.But guess that voice wasn’t loud enough to prompt him into action.



Chapter End Notes
double updates for the last time bc, to quote a dear friend, the plot has to thickeni know things seem dodgy and... questionable atm but i promise it'll all make sense in the end (hopefully) so just trust in the author's moral-greyness for a couple of more chapters :^)


Grief



It was a blessing in disguise that Jungkook wasn’t needed much on set. It made his task of Avoiding Park Jimin at All Costs much easier. Ever since they returned from Namjoon's beach house and he hadn’t been seeing much of Jimin anyway. On the course of the past ten days, Jungkook had run twice into the elder at the gym—both times he hadn’t attempted anything more than a polite smile or a curt nod of acknowledgment.He could only pull this off so many times before Jimin took an action. But every day was a new chance, and Jungkook would take what he could get.So of course the day he decided to drop by Hopeworld, everyone would be there. He only wanted Taemin, and perhaps he should have just given the guy a call instead. It turned out that Kim Taehyung and Kim Seokjin are Hoseok's co-stars in that star-crossed niche romance he was directing. It was inevitable that Seokjin would pull an impromptu hangout at one point or the other—Jungkook being there was just the catalyst.“What kind of party would be your cup of tea then, Taemin-ssi?” Hoseok teased, calling Taemin on his reluctance to attend his boyfriend’s party because it was too ‘frat-party-ish’ for his taste as though he hadn’t, as per Hoseok and Jimin, spent his college days indulging in that tradition.“I vote for a masquerade.” Taehyung held one hand up, looking at their group of five as he awaited support.“I second that.” Seokjin high-fived Taehyung and briefly made eye-contact with each of them. “I'm not even that old but I already feel like I'm born in the wrong era and dare I say many things from the past should make a comeback.”Jungkook couldn’t help the snide remark, “No need to rake over the ashes, Ahjussi, let the ghosts rest.”Most of them laughed, and Seokjin was just too busy clapping Jungkook on the chest for that Ahjussi of his.“Maybe I should hold a ball or something. In honour of the movie and all.”“Do it this weekend so I would miss it.” Jimin smiled and Taehyung turned inquisitively to him. Nonetheless, Hoseok was the quickest to speak, his eyebrows creasing in distress as he leant forward on his knees.“I need you on set this weekend Jimin-ah. Can't you put Busan off for one more week?”“Busan… haven’t heard that name in years.”Jungkook really should filter his words before letting them slip past his lips. Hoseok's question seemed unforgotten—or perhaps Jungkook got too tangled up in the look Jimin was throwing him. Jimin shifted in his seat, lifting his leg off Taehyung's thigh and sitting like a normal, single person.“When was the last time you’ve been there?”“Five years ago, give or take.” Jungkook had to shrug, doing his best to coat his words in a veneer of casualness. There was just way too many people for this conversation. “Trying to forget everything about it.”Looking to his left—to his empty—side, Jimin let out an incredulous laugh then locked eyes with Jungkook again.“It’s your hometown, Jungkook, you can't just erase it from your memories. It was yours—your home—someday.”“Maybe. But what's the point of thinking of a home that no longer belongs to either of us?”Way to go, brain! Jungkook really should have practiced this filtering thing. Long ago he had established that his brain cells became close to nonexistent around Jimin, compromising most of his intellectual faculties. Taemin’s eyes were flickering between Jungkook and Jimin, his finger rising to point between them.“Do you two… know each other?”“We went to the same college for like a year.” Jungkook replied before Jimin could answer that. “We weren’t really friends tho, so make of that what you would.”On pressing a wry smile at his audience, Jungkook did a quick scan, making sure his words were credible enough. None of them could prove otherwise, and he knew for a fact that Jimin never told Taehyung about his existence. There was a huge I dare you in his smile as he met Jimin's gaze—Jimin who at first looked shocked but was soon laughing quietly, borderline shaking his head.Everyone already seemed past this. It was, once again, something between Jungkook and Jimin. Taemin was hitching a ride with Jungkook, and when the latter excused himself so he would get something from his studio to take back home, he hadn’t expected Taemin to ask to tag along.“I’ve seen some of your work in the gallery, and I'd like to see more.”Well, if Jungkook let Jimin come into his workspace, he might as well admit Lee Taemin.He was busying himself looking for the canvas he was seeking, letting Taemin take his sweet time watching everything. Most of those paintings were years-old, unfinished or downright abandoned; Jungkook just couldn’t bring himself to throw them away. It was funny, years ago, he would never have let a soul see his studio; his art gallery existed for a reason. WIPs were never a thing Jeon Jungkook could let the world see. It was either a decent finished product or nothing.“So, do I pass?”Jungkook asked, having no idea at which painting Taemin was lingering for his back was to the elder. It was an offhanded question, but there was a hairbreadth pause before Taemin's reply.“You do. I feel and that’s an instant pass, Jeon Jungkook.”Jungkook spun around, fingers drumming against the desk as he studied Taemin's back.“What can you feel?”“I can feel lost love in every stroke.” Taemin chuckled and there ensued a long pause. “I never knew it could look so pretty.”Jungkook needn’t an illustration of that pronoun. For years, he would look at his art and all he would see was his heart—that heart for whose lineaments he used black ink. Have the eyes for it and Jeon Jungkook’s art was just a broken heart minus its visible scars.A smile—in part amused, in part suppressing the influx of emotions assaulting him—was working its way to Jungkook's lips. Taemin seemed to have sensed it, and he was speaking even before he fully turned to face Jungkook from where he stood.“You know the funniest thing about love is that it either makes you better or leaves you bitter.”Jungkook laughed heartily. Lee Taemin was really growing on him.“Bold baseless assumptions there.”“Hardly. Nothing else explains how you practice love as an art.”“But maybe I only practiced love as an art because I couldn’t love in practice.”It was Taemin's turn to laugh. He had quite the musical laugh. He crouched to pick up one of the dumped paintings, carefully holding it in the quiet light. Waiting—pondering—Jungkook started leaning against the wall in his long-limbed easy way and watched Taemin.“I'd ask What's this painting’s story but I have a feeling you won't be so direct with me.”“Why, it’s the same old story: I take my pain and turn it into art.”Amused, Taemin turned to him, a flicker of a challenge glinting in his eyes. There was quite some distance between them but Taemin's easygoing stare compensated for that, making Jungkook feel claustrophobic.“Your last painting, that twisted take on the Orpheus and Eurydice myth,” He started and Jungkook's eyes were suddenly alert; some of the critics picked up on the myth, but Jungkook was wary that Taemin could see the rest of it.“Is the butterfly turning around or running away?”And he had been correct. His expression involuntarily calcified and Taemin was smirking. Said painting is of two figures: a man falling off of a cliff, back to the void with his hand reaching out in front of him, and a disintegrating butterfly/nymph hybrid that really looks like Aphrodite—if she were an angel instead of a goddess—whose frenzied eyes and just-reaching-out arm are open to multiple interpretations. The painting depicts that split second of when you're not sure if someone is turning around or turning away. It is ambiguous—and ambivalent—in that sense: The two figures are fading to black, but who is it that destroyed whom?Jungkook refused to answer that question even in his interviews, opting for just a wry smile coupled with Art loses its magic when explained.He finally breathed a sad laugh and looked away, catching a triumphantly looking Taemin throw one last look at the walls. For a while it was so quiet Jungkook could almost hear the steady rhythm of his heart. And soon Taemin's musical laugh interrupted the silence. He then sighed and got up to his feet, putting a hand to Jungkook's shoulder and pressing it as he let himself out.Jungkook risked a glance at the dumped paintings—at the initial stages of his graduation project, that same project that initiated him into the limelight—and again he was seeing things in two parallel lines—one when he was there and another when he is not. For years, Jungkook would look back on his memories—suppressing the call-note of an all too familiar sob—and he would feel like he existed in two places, lived in two dimensions: One with Jimin, the other forever stuck while Jimin's warmth faded and the coldness of the memory lingered.Forever two ships passing at night.  It didn’t take long before Jungkook and Jimin were butting heads. Really, Jungkook tried his best not to come in contact much with Jimin. Life just had its funny way of fucking up everything he wanted.“Jungkook-ah!”Man. Can't a guy grab coffee in Seoul without running into someone he knows?Jungkook turned around, watching Taehyung wave at him—beckoning to him. They had kicked it off when Jungkook just had to express his admiration for Taehyung's dada-inspiring outfit.
You're really killing it in every outfit.

Guess years spent in the closet are finally paying off, no?
Really, in another lifetime, Jungkook and Taehyung could have been bestfriends. He hated how much they had in common: their weeb past, their humour, their playfulness, their taste in art—especially their taste in art. They had the chemistry, all that was missing for the great formula of true friendship was shared trauma. It wasn’t a wonder what anyone saw in him.The booth where Taehyung was seated had two more people; Jungkook wasn’t surprised to see Taehyung's boyfriend; he was just surprised to see Kim Namjoon there.Maybe this could go smoothly after all.“I have to ask tho, that fit—are you making a fashion statement or an ironic one?”Jungkook looked down at his outfit—at his denim sweatpants and his long grey t-shirt and black Balenciaga—and shrugged. Taehyung wasn’t the first one to comment on his getup.“Well, it’s either you like it, or it’s so terrible you'll find yourself laughing. Either way I win and it already made a hot guy laugh earlier. So.”Taehyung chuckled and Jungkook was feeling more at ease. “Well, two hot guys now.”It was a full rich laugh now and Jungkook caught Jimin sealing off a smile and a smiling Namjoon shake his head, sneaking a glance at Jimin before speaking.“And you two”—he was gesturing between Taehyung and Jungkook—“know each other because…?”“We banged.” They both said at the same time, same casual offhanded tone. It was the first time for Jungkook to be on the same page with the person he slept with. Namjoon was nodding to himself, processing. Taehyung was mumbling a Sorry babe, we were not together back then at Jimin's lips—stealing a kiss—and a number of things dawned on Jungkook. First, Taehyung hadn’t told. Second, Jimin was fishing that day; he didn’t know. Three, Jungkook was really, really transparent. Or maybe it was just that guilt was a language Jimin understood.“I was on my way to leave but I'm always interested in any conversation with three people sharing one brain cell.”Jimin's laugh—and Taehyung tugging at Jungkook's sleeve—drowned Jungkook's objection as to why he needed to leave. Really, he couldn’t do Jimin right now. Well, not in that sense, but, point made. He sat next to Namjoon, facing the two paramours—Taehyung on the outside, Jimin sitting diagonally across from him.“Jin-hyung told me you're also participating in Hobi’s upcoming movie.”Yup. Exactly where Jungkook did not want this conversation to head. Jimin might have caught his expression because his eyes narrowed and he was leaning forward on the table, flicking Jungkook's hand to draw his attention.“You look like someone puppynapped your dog and is asking for a ransom.”Maybe some other day Jungkook would have afforded a smile, but he was feeling petty and he was super pissed off at Jimin. More than usual, anyway. Last night, he finished reading the script and he was pretty darn hung up over it. Apparently, Jimin had made a few amendments to his story.The script was true to the book except for the ending. Set against the backdrop of the nineteenth century, the story depicts an illicit love-story, following Taehyung's character, a cynical aristocrat who has everything easy, and Seokjin's, an art teacher forced to deal with Taehyung's bullshit. In terms of events, not much happens. Usually in Jimin's books, it’s all about the power of the prose, the ability to express things one wouldn’t usually have found the apt words for—the ability to move you and break you and reshape you through the stringing of mere letters. What made Ask the Stars the perfect Hobi production was how the plot can be encapsulated in his niche style, in wordless communication, in the power of the gaze and the emotions communicated in a single touch. The romance is captured perfectly in a single line Jimin has written: Within me exist two ardent desires at odds; one is that longing to be your lover, the other is that fearing to become your prisoner. And Jungkook thought that perhaps that was what it always boiled down to; except that Jimin made it a point to show that love was all about fusing your soul with another’s and not fearing you would lose your uniqueness—or any piece.Ask the Stars would have bordered on the cliché if it weren’t for Park Jimin's brilliance as a versatile writer. Taehyung gives Seokjin hell and Seokjin systematically puts him in his place, proving over and over again that not everything has to be transient and meaningless. Through a series of lingering looks as subject and artist and not-so-accidental touches on not-so-bare canvas—through long walks on beaches and wild escapades in hopes of finding there was more to life—they fall in love. The breaking point is when, more than any preceding time, Taehyung deludes himself into thinking what they have is temporary—Seokjin knows it’s everything but that and he dreads the day they would be forced apart—avoiding saying everything that matters—not that Seokjin doesn’t read it off him—and somehow he still hopes his lover would read his mind. He is about to lead a loveless arranged marriage, waiting for Seokjin to ask him not to; but it’s impossible for the latter.Life is too fragile a place for their fire to prosper—for their love to exist.Long story short, in Ask the Stars, they are torn apart from one another’s side, only because Seokjin confesses he’s dying. In the script, he doesn’t die; he is not even ill. It doesn’t end on the hopeful note of reunion in another life. The movie, Ask for the Stars, has Taehyung marrying another while always loving Seokjin, who forever stays faithful to the memory—to the love.Much to think about, and Jungkook needed an outlet.He met Jimin's eyes, held his gaze.“Got around to finally reading the script and I hate it.”Taehyung’s mouth twisted in a Yikes-this-didn’t-just-happen as Namjoon said Ouch. Jimin looked unperturbed.“You hate the ending.” He said matter-of-factly and Jungkook nodded.“This is the original ending, Jungkook. My publisher just made me change it because it was too depressing and people want to read something more hopeful.”“I'm guessing death doesn’t cater much to the tragic element that you just had to find an alternative.”It was a snide remark but of course Jimin would reply.“The greatest tragedy isn't for a couple that no longer loves one another to break up, but rather for two people that still love each other—two souls still so passionately entangled—to part ways. Death is not tragic; death makes it too easy.”A dry smile tugged at the corner of Jungkook's lips, and he could vaguely register the look transpiring between Taehyung and Namjoon.“So you decided to mess up your audience with the movie adaptation, because then it doesn’t become ‘too easy’ and the story lives on and on?”It was Taehyung who answered; he looked concentrate—intense—and his eyes reminded Jungkook of those of a Bengal tiger. He would paint them in shades of gold and green.“Whatever makes people move, Kook-ah. Whatever has the most emotional impact.”Jungkook was on the verge of replying to that, reciting what two of his favourite teachers had long taught him, but thought against it the last second. There were so many ways you could move someone; you didn’t necessarily have to move them to tears. Catharsis took many forms. He shifted his attention back to Jimin—Jimin whose lips’ corners were twitching, toying with a smile. Perhaps Jungkook wasn’t the only one remembering wise words from the past.“Also the adding of a third love interest. Someone Kiwoo actually loves. Doesn’t sit well with me.”Jimin leant back in his seat, arms folding, tone still casual. “The beginning of two people’s love story can be the end of another two whose love was slowly being suffocated.”“It wasn’t suffocated, it was a point making them hate each other by the end. The second part of the script is all about Jae mourning his lover even tho they're clearly in love.”“Love isn’t always enough.” Namjoon offered, and Jimin—palm facing upward—motioned at his hyung as if to tell Jungkook here you go.“First you love, second you mourn. That’s the formula.” Jimin’s eyes were intense as he was once again leaning across the table, not batting an eye on Taehyung who was leaving the table as he took a call. “You could grow to like someone then within days you’d learn to hate them.” A pause; Jungkook was still itching—desperate to scratch off a scab just beneath his sternum. “If love were enough to restore a lover’s former self—to restore the person you fell in love with—then no one would be doing twice the grieving. One for lost love; two for the stranger before them. That is why Kiwoo was mourning, Jungkook.”“You make giving up sound so easy, almost tempting.”“If that’s how you want to read it.”This was the last straw for Jungkook, and he found his frustration leaking out of him as he stood up, blood kindling.“Guess it’s really impossible to separate the art from the artist.”They were almost alone: Taehyung had already excused himself two exchanges ago, and Namjoon was checking his phone, getting up to his feet as well. Jungkook could feel Jimin's eyes burning holes into him, and they locked gaze, trying to decipher hidden messages in each other’s words.“Guys, I gotta head back to the studio.” Namjoon jerked a thumb over his shoulder, holding his coffee with his other hand. Taehyung was making his way back, but was soon seeing Namjoon out. Jungkook was already on his way to the bathroom, grateful it was vacant.Whistling in the dark, slow-dancing in the dark, slow-dancing in a burning room. This dance was becoming too tiring and they should’ve long been over this routine. Jungkook was gripping the sink so hard his knuckles turned ashen. And it wasn’t long before he had to look away from his reflection in the bathroom mirror. The door was swinging open and a worked-up Jimin was walking steadily towards him.“What was that?”“You making a dramatic entrance?”“Jungkook, what is wrong with you?”Turning, Jungkook let out a lifeless laugh and motioned vaguely around them. “What isn’t?”“It is literally impossible to have a conversation with you—”“Oh hyung, an intellectual like you shouldn’t use the word literally so liberally.”Jimin blinked; Jungkook noticed his mistake a beat too late: hyung. Jimin was running a hand through his hair and it took everything in Jungkook to tear his eyes away from those slender fingers—from memories of them. Jimin made sure he locked gaze with Jungkook before speaking.“You're being impossible right now, Jungkook. Every time I think it’s water under the bridge you try to pull me down—every single time I think I might have gotten through to you, you just do this.”Through the reflection in the mirror, Jungkook was seeing things in double—the same ruddy tone, the same waxen frustration—and by the time he blinked the images away, Jimin had closed the distance between them, hand resting on Jungkook's over the sink. Words seemed to be hanging off his tongue and Jungkook wasn’t sure which of them it was who was feeling himself on the precipice of a very bad decision.“Fine.” Jungkook shrugged, casually retrieving his hand and shifting so two strides lay between them. “You want me to be real? Let’s have it.”He could swear Jimin flinched at that; and it was Jungkook who leaned in this time, but, as always, Jimin was there to meet him head-on.“Back then, did that night mean anything for you?”Jimin's eyes were unflinching, lips pursed.“Why, what does that change for you?”“Not much.”“Then there's no need to search for lost times.”Having his words from years ago thrown back at him like that unnerved him. Jungkook wouldn’t put everything on the line, though he was sure his eyes were pouring a lot at the moment. Jimin's presence always threatened to make things leak out from him.“It’s a simple question, there's no need to get so pressed.”“Maybe, but nothing’s ever as black and white with you, Jungkook.”Something about Jimin's eyes made Jungkook want to advance, made him scared but also propelled him on. He was taking another step and they could be breathing the same breath. Jungkook's eyes were cast down; they then travelled up to meet Jimin's unfaltering ones—watching them glean light, call for him—and he could feel his heart kick up a notch. He opened his mouth but only shallow breaths came out; words were still stubborn. He could feel his eyes lingering on Jimin's lips, he could feel his heart fixating on the memories, he could feel the longing obsess in his bones, and he could swear he wasn’t the only one whose head was adjusting its angle—titillating, dilly-dallying.“I want an answer.” Jungkook's words were no louder than a whisper. “Did you or did you not regret that night?”The question was out; it was just not properly phrased, and Jimin's agitatedly breathless answer confirmed such.“You can't do this right now. You can't insist on bringing up past agendas if you're not willing to let the present pick up from where the narrative’s left off.”“It really isn’t that deep, Jimin-ssi. We don’t need to dance around such a simple question.”The sound Jimin made could be mistaken for a laugh, but Jungkook could see—could hear. The way Jimin, putting two steps between them as his fingers carded through his hair, momentarily turned away then let his shimmery eyes dug into Jungkook's were enough tells.“The implicit questing you're asking is one you yourself failed to answer, Jungkook, countless times you did.” He was shaking his head, breathing audibly—raggedly—like he was one wrong word away from hissing. “It makes zero sense to ask me to feel things you never once showed.”“Never once showed—?”Jimin immediately got up in Jungkook's face—eyes cutting to his, gaze dagger-sharp. The fire burning in his eyes was smouldering, and it made it hard for Jungkook to breathe—for him to remember all his preplanned words. Still, nothing was ever going to torpedo his life like Jimin's next words—like the frustration underlying those demonstrative hand motions.“You want to play it fair? Then man up, enough with the confusion and answer the important questions: Do you or do you not want me?”Jungkook tried to breathe, he tried to break free—to resurface—but it was impossible; this was the true not-simple question. They were locking eyes—Jimin's fierce and Jungkook’s blank. For years, he had waited for his heart to return, and every time he lifted a brush to his canvas, his heart recited one broken verse: Even my scars are asking about you. And despite the heat, Jimin’s look was a plea—he wanted very badly for Jungkook to say all the words he had been hoarding for himself—but the younger was taking an involuntary step back. His senses felt scrambled and memories came flooding back to him in a painful tide. Their almost-moments creeping into his mind, taunting him, and the anguished ferocity of their last bow was dragging him under. Jimin was waiting and Jungkook was feeling every emotion bruised and buried, making his heart their grave.The silence was less painful than its counterpart but more destructive. Jimin was shaking his head, looking at Jungkook with a mixture of emotions and the latter was thinking of colours that didn’t exist. There were so many things wrong with their situation, with Jimin’s question, with Jungkook's lack of answer. The formula of their relationship was as messed up as ever, if not more; and Jungkook refused to make the same mistake of the past. He refused to offer up his truth only to have Jimin subdue him to a semblance of his words.Having some life return to his eyes, Jungkook sifted Jimin's eyes for words—impossible immovable words—and the question quietly formed itself, slowly shaped its ache.“What if what I want means you'll give up what you want, what if—”“Enough what-ifs—”“But it’s easier this way”—Jungkook hissed and Jimin was clenching his jaw—“isn’t it?”“What is?”Jungkook was about to reply, not yet rid of the feel of barbered wire wrapping around his throat, but the bathroom door opened and Jimin's burning eyes were leaving his. It was the guy whose image never parted with Jungkook every time his eyes fell on Jimin. Never enough, never enough—it was never enough: in theory because in reality he was never enough. He spared one look over his shoulder then turned back to a deflated Jimin, pressing a smile—It was nice seeing you, hyung—along with a polite nod as he walked past a puzzled Kim Taehyung. ✦✦✦ Only few things could top how your partner would introduce you to the most important person in their life—how they would make sure said person too falls in love with you—but Park Jimin still managed to do that. Taehyung had insisted they spend Chuseok on his grandparents’ farm, and Jimin had never loved an idea so much. He had long been planning on making a special night for Taehyung, and he found the perfect opportunity on October third.They were in a planetarium, surrounded by stars and lofty tunes. A few weeks ago, in one of those particularly vulnerable and honest nights they shared, they talked about past experiences and first love, and Taehyung admitted he would take back half of his I love you’s; for he had said it to too many people who hadn’t cherished it. It was the reason he was so fixated on coming up with I purple you—it was because he respected his heart as well as his partner’s, and he didn’t want to be untrue to either. The more Taehyung stripped his soul to Jimin like that, the deeper the latter fell. Taehyung had seemed particularly hung up over his first kiss, and how he wished it had been more special, shared with someone who actually treasured his heart—appreciated the special effort Taehyung always put for them.And so, Park Jimin was recreating the night. He was just doing it better.The planetarium’s owner was a friend, and it wasn’t too far an overreach for Jimin to ask for a pass at night—for one night. It wasn’t summer camp and those weren’t real stars, but Taehyung was holding someone who truly cherished his heart.“Sometimes I think about how things would’ve turned out if we didn’t break up in college.”Sitting on a rose-petal’d sheet, Taehyung was embracing Jimin, their fingers intertwined under a purple blanket as they both faced their stars. He stirred at Jimin's reminiscing tone, voicing a valid question.“Is that a bad scenario or a good one?”“I'm never sure.”Jimin wasn’t hanging too much on the silence that ensued; he was too imbued with everything Taehyung that night.“I think I get it.” Taehyung admitted, bringing their joint hand up between them and grabbing Jimin's attention. “We liked each other but it didn’t feel right. It felt like—”“We were holding back. Like we couldn’t let go entirely.”“You too?”Jimin nodded.“I was there, Tae. I know how it was like.”Taehyung let out a serene laugh and Jimin let it soak him, closing his eyes and sinking more into Taehyung's chest.“Truth be told?”Jimin nodded—Always.“When you told me you slept with someone, I was feeling a lot of things.”“Because break or not, I was unfaithful to your heart?”Taehyung shook his head. His tone was the equivalent of a lopsided smile.“Because break or not, I knew you would be breaking up with me a few days later. And you did, two days after that April trip. Ergo, lots of feels. I wanted to fight for you but I knew I wasn’t strong enough. I knew with the first blow of wind I’ll be letting you go, and I didn’t want that.”Jimin turned his head to the side, nose peripherally brushing against Taehyung's chin. He gazed into Taehyung's dreamy eyes and he felt his heart picking up pace.“We were into each other, we were into it, but I didn’t think we had it in us to make it work. I wasn’t ready and there was a lot I had to work on as an individual, and I couldn’t risk ruining what I knew was going to be the greatest love story of my life.”Jimin’s heart hitched at that, and he let their gaze speak for them. He then freed his hand only to move both of his hands to cup Taehyung's face, kissing him slowly—remembering this feeling. When he broke free, he rested his forehead against Taehyung's, not yet opening his eyes.“You're beautiful, not in an I-want-to-get-down-on-you way, but in an inside and outside kind of way.” Jimin bit his lip. “I love you, Kim Taehyung.”Love? Love was all about trusting your partner to catch you—to catch you when you fell in love, when you fell apart, when you fell away. It was being unguarded, having the courage to be vulnerable, knowing that they needed you to need them and letting yourself need them. It was admitting you could be wrong and loving them despite and because of their flaws—of their human and hurting heart. Love was admitting it wasn’t always easy and that you didn’t always know what to do, but you were willing to keep fighting for it—even when the flame flickered.On the thorny subjects of first-loves and between stolen comforting kisses, Jimin admitted that it had been emotional—overwhelming even for so many years. Taehyung hadn’t retreated that night; he had smiled, and Jimin was puzzled—Telling you about him… does it make you want to break up with me?But Taehyung's smile was still so serene and Jimin could only swim in the deep pools of his eyes.
I don’t mind if you love him—even if you think you'll always love him. But if it makes you rethink what you're doing here with me, then we’ll need to talk.
It took a certain level of emotional maturity to say that. And Park Jimin never had to question what he was doing with his paramour: Taehyung was never in want of assurance because Jimin's love never gave him the chance to wonder—to wander. He perfectly understood that first-loves came with an emotional baggage which sometimes felt impossible to unpack, but like how his very own story played out, Taehyung assumed life just went on: He himself never got the chance to fall out of love; he just had to move on. Perhaps that was the best it could be.They were quiet for the span of long, long heartbeats and it was Jimin who broke their silence, recalling their second first date. He turned his head, catching Taehyung's eye and smiling warmly at him.“I never asked, but… what made you make that call?”For some reason, Taehyung was laughing.“It’s kind of a funny story.” He lifted his free hand up in the air and waited for Jimin to take it so he could hold it again. When Jimin did, Taehyung started reliving the moment.“Somehow every person I dated was going up against you, as if you were the blueprint. They would do something and I would think okay Jiminie used to do that, or they wouldn’t and I would think I used to have it all with you. I know I'm romanticizing it right now because every relationship ends for a reason, right?” He bit his lip and Jimin was smiling in agreement. “So I dated this girl who was fond of reading fantasy and she recommended me your debut book. I didn’t read it while we were dating; I actually picked it up on the most random of nights because I was bored.” He paused, eyes distant as though he were visualizing the memory, and Jimin's heart was anxiously beating.“And it was exactly like going into a relationship with you: I didn’t know what to expect and I wasn’t sure what I was feeling, but there was a lot of it. I was overwhelmed.” Taehyung looked into Jimin's eyes, emphasizing the last word. “I kept reading and reading and there was that one passage that hit deep and it just… did it for me, I guess.”Forcing himself to meet Taehyung's gaze, Jimin swallowed hard—an inexplicable warning murmuring in a distant region in his mind.“Which passage?”A smile broke out on Taehyung's face. He shifted around and Jimin already missed the warmth of the arms that were holding him. Taehyung was scrolling through his phone, and in less than a minute, he had handed it to Jimin.And Jimin was facing how he buried his feelings under the debris of his heart—the selfsame heart that had once loved truly only to later revel in the agonies of past love. Jimin was soon reading what said heart had once bled on paper.    
His life was defined by moments, very brief moments which held so much meaning to his life. The first of those moments was when he had jumped that wall and saw the angel. The second of them was when the angel gave him that ring and their lives were bound together. The third of those moments was when, lost and stranded, the angel found him—when he shifted allegiance for his sake. The last of those moments was when the angel got out his ivory blade and carved out his heart, freeing the two of them from the pain.
Deep down, Jimin understood. Deep down, he knew this would be the passage he would be reading. He could see Taehyung's lips moving, his moved features expressing what his heart inferred from that piece; but Jimin was hearing waves breaking against shores at night—silently, secretly. He was thinking of the sea which never once bled itself out for all the ships that ventured into its unfathomable depth yet ultimately, unwarrantedly, abandoned it—of the universe that had a myriad of galaxies bound to it, yet kept seeking out that one star, and mourned it when exploded.What a frightening thing it was—to let your heart stay a prisoner for those who chose to remorselessly slip away from within your embrace.“…I don’t know what drew me to that part, but I knew I would regret it if I didn’t try to get back in your orbits again.”Jimin attempted a smile, kissing Taehyung's cheek—I'm glad you came back to my orbits. After a beat, Jimin found a string of laughter spilling out of his mouth—who would have thought he had it in him now of all times. He tilted his head at Taehyung and slowly blinked at him—twice, thrice—as though he weren’t quite real.“I don't know why but I'm remembering how cheesy you were that night at the jazz bar and it’s doing things to my heart.”“You'd finally agreed to meet me, I was giddy and I couldn’t help myself.” Taehyung grinned. “Plus the entire atmosphere was cheesy. Remember that Spider Plastic-Ring guy? The one who had proposed to the love of his life as some cheesy song played in the background? I really took that as a sign that night.”Jimin could feel his smile trembling, but he soon rekindled it—hoping he hadn’t done so with an old flame.
Yeah. It was a sign indeed.
It had been so long since he kissed Taehyung like that, like he was hanging by a thread and he wanted to keep falling forever—like he was falling and he didn’t want to be pulled up. Like he was running away, not wanting to be found.It was reminiscent of that one night where he was shaken up—where his ship was blown adrift at sea and he couldn’t find his compass and he had to navigate through the raging storm blindly. It was the only night he had used sex in hopes of either awakening something or killing it once and for all. It was the only night he told Taehyung I love you so many times—the only night he had repeated it because he wasn’t sure which of them it was for.Park Jimin had come apart alright that night. ✦✦✦ ~[19]“Didn’t expect to find you here of all places.”Jungkook’s smile had beaten him long before he lifted up his head to meet his companion’s gaze through the distance. Jimin was slowly making his way towards him on stage. Jungkook put away the script, threaded his fingers through his hair, and threw a borderline cocky smile in the other’s direction. Jimin's effect.“Didn’t know you were looking for me.”“Always.”To avoid any other reaction, Jungkook snorted and looked away—pretending he wasn’t grinning—when Jimin's playful voice interjected; his hands were still in his pants pocket as he gracefully climbed up the stairs leading to the stage.“Just wanted to congratulate you for being number one.”“In your life?”He giggled, head tossed back and Jungkook was easing back into his Jimin-unflustered persona. When the elder was done, he tilted his head, biting his bottom lip.“I'm here to congratulate you for the exhibition, silly. Because unlike my life there’s real competition there and you totally owned it.”“Unlike your life?” Cue the smirk. “Because with you I always win first place, I assume?”“Because with me there isn’t even a second place.”Fuck this Uno-reversal thing. If Jeon Jungkook worked hard, flirting casually, then Park Jimin worked harder, being an even worse flirt. But at least one of them jabbed enough truth crumbs into his flirts. Jungkook was still wryly smiling, hitting Jimin with a That’s what he said before looking down and busying himself with preparing how to tread about this while Jimin chuckled. He could almost hear every time Jimin teased him about his crippling inability to take a compliment, or be serious for more than one minute for the matter. Still, something was warming his insides at Jimin's acknowledgement, something that made him actually want to try.Jungkook could feel Jimin now standing by his side, peering over his shoulder what he was holding.“So remember how I told you we’re working on a play for my theatre elective?”Jimin nodded.“Something feels dodgy and I can't get in character like that… like his actions just don’t make sense.”“May I?”He handed Jimin the script and let his eyes linger on the elder as he read.“Who the hell wrote this?” Jimin said after long anxious minutes, expression contorting. “Also excuse you, but what do you mean ‘am I still in love with you?’”Jungkook laughed, but it tasted bitter. “It’s a valid question everyone has to ask at some point.”“I was never convinced such a question could be asked because that's a verbal question,” Jimin was turning the page, speaking without meeting Jungkook's eyes. “Because we experience love the same way we experience happiness or sadness: we feel it. So if you want to know if I'm still in love with you, ask yourself.”Flinch.Having sat cross-legged on the floor, Jungkook just watched as Jimin took in the script—as the latter’s expression progressively grew more and more disgusted by the page. There was much to process at the moment, but Jungkook knew that the general collective you Jimin always favoured would do very little to soothe his downtrodden heart.“This is a super unhealthy message to communicate, seriously, what the hell?”He waited, biting his lip and letting his eyes wander everywhere but to Jimin's lips. Jimin was clad in black jeans and a long checkered flannel shirt which he wore open on top of a black tee, and it was safe to say that the feelings this look triggered were an untenable path to set off on already. Jimin clicked his tongue and Jungkook just couldn’t take it anymore; he had to defend the script.“I think the point is the MC trying to get over a broken heart and moving on with their life. It’s hopeful.”“By sleeping around to chase the pain away?”“They're not sleeping around. They just decided to try to be with other people.”Jimin peered at him from over the script, assessing how serious the younger was. After short beats, his eyes flicked back to the script and the nonplussed demeanour was back as soon as he spoke.“The problem is that’s not how it works. You might do a relationship as an answer to a why; how you don’t do a relationship is as an answer to a why not. If you’re going into a relationship because ‘why not’ then please don’t. Your character is a certified dick.”“Some things take time because falling in love is a process. Like you might sense that you could fall for someone so you decide to give it a shot while you figure things out along the way.”“You can't love people on your own terms just because you don’t have yourself figured out. And neither are people made to be loved in small doses. If someone is in love with you then their feelings are your responsibility.”“Only when it’s mutual.” The reply was shaping itself around the ache and Jungkook swallowed in hopes of unknotting the tightness in his chest, unnerved with how Jimin's tone was still lighthearted.“Then have the decency not to play their hearts. It’s not rocket-science.”Gliding around that comment, Jungkook decided to shoot a curveball question, not yet catching Jimin's gaze which was still going over the script, as though the words would rearrange themselves into something better.“Would you hate being in a relationship with someone you like even if their take is a why not?”“Of course I would!” Jimin threw his hands up in frustration. He seemed to take a step in Jungkook's direction but he stopped halfway, as if struck by a better alternative. “Oh my god… just let me show you how this should’ve ended. We could fix the dialogue a bit and theoretically it should work out.”Before Jungkook could react, Jimin had reached for his hands, leading him up to his feet and positioning him where he needed him on stage. Jungkook could hear every echo Jimin's Chelsea boots made on the wooden floor, even with how loud his heart was thudding in his ears.“I’ll be your lover here.”A lump lodged itself in Jungkook's throat.Jimin was still moving about the stage, motioning around him as his eyebrows furrowed the further he read into the dialogue. At last, he tossed it at one of the chairs and stood a few inches from Jungkook. The fierce look in his eyes told the younger that they were opting for the last scene.“You will abuse my love and you will tear it into shreds.” Jimin was easing into his character, eyes locked on Jungkook's. “I let myself love you and right now I'm paying the price, and I if I could do it all over again, I would still make the same choices. But here’s what I can never allow: I won’t be tried and I won’t let you do this to me, I won't let you ruin what we could not have. I won’t be someone you’d try to love or maybe even manage to grow affections for—not when your heart is for another. I won't let you love me just because it’s better than being lonely—or because you don’t want to miss out, because I might or might not be The One.”It was more or less the same words in the script, but Jimin had altered them for a different effect, reshaped them. And now he was manipulating the stage directions: He wasn’t going for devastated; he was going for seductive.Having closed the distance, Jimin was leaning in, his lips brushing against Jungkook's ear as he whispered Jungkook's life-sentence.“I'm not the process, Jungkook; I'm the endgame.”When he drew back, his eyes had melted to their affable smiling nature again—See?Jungkook had to turn around, had to do anything but see. Yet he couldn’t—his name was still ringing in his ears like a siren—and so he was watching Jimin beeline to the door. He had to break out of this spell soon lest he gave in to his demons. And so, he was mumbling,“You should’ve co-authored this script. I might have hated the play less then.”“Too busy.” Still walking, Jimin made a graceful spin to beam at Jungkook. “I'm writing too many things at the moment.”That was enough to push all the caution far from the forefront of Jungkook's mind. He felt nostalgic as he took Jimin in. Before the latter could exit the theatre, Jungkook had found his words,“Jimin-ssi,”Turning, Jimin tilted his head to the side inquiringly.“Just make sure I'm the one who gets your first signed copy.” Jungkook smirked. “And I get a different dedication from everyone else.”Jimin's high laugh echoed through the empty space. He then nodded, mumbling something Jungkook wasn’t sure he had caught correctly before disappearing altogether.Well now, Jungkookie, you are not everyone else.  That night of the theatre, Jimin tried to ask Jungkook to hang out but the latter pretended he had a project due the following morning and so he had to stay up all night to work on it. Despite how it wasn’t a total lie—damn Kim Jonghyun with his annoying kind smile and his annoying firm faith in Jungkook and his annoying fixation on seeing Jungkook's potential to the fullest—he somehow regretted that, because by the time he was attempting to subdue that accursed petty creature nesting in his heart, Jimin had been stressed out by finals and Jungkook found himself wishing he could suck some of the tension out of Jimin's bones.And maybe it—this feeling—was a two-way road.It was almost the weekend and BamBam, Jungkook's roommate, was crashing at his boyfriend’s, so naturally Jungkook made the best use of having the room all to himself—which meant that he was immersing himself in his art. Which also was not in the least healthy. Jimin had texted him saying that they should hang out soon, and Jungkook seized the opportunity, forgetting all about his troubled heart once he read Jimin's cheeky message—I don’t have much free time but I cleared Friday night for you.Thinking about him, Jungkook considered a sassy reply—he couldn’t even bring himself to say his name, He Who Shall Not Be Named—but eventually he just opted for ‘no plans w/ any of ur other friens?’Jimin's text was immediate: Who said you're my friend? punctuated with a smirking emoji. Jungkook didn’t linger much on the response; he was taking Jimin up on his implicit proposition by saying that he might just have the perfect plan for Friday.Friday night? Suffice to say that Jimin was, not surprisingly, unimpressed by Jungkook's shenanigans. The second the latter had taken his hands off Jimin's eyes—allowing his eyes to take in Uni’s closed empty swimming pool with its glimmery surface and wintry lights—he, barely containing his giddily astonished grin, turned to Jungkook and said,“This is your idea of our little ocean?”Well, Jungkook even went as far as to plug his phone to a small speaker—so that it played lo-fi ocean sounds—as well as bring three big makgeolli bottles—which he left lying by the pool’s ledge—so the least Jimin could do was be sold. And sold he was. It never took much to make their time together special. They were sitting on the ledge, jeans’ hems rolled up and legs swinging and shoulders bumping, talking about the future and laughing about their past and living in the moment and just forgetting there existed a world outside the two of them. The sound effects really built up the atmosphere, throwing the two back to dreamy nights spent by the sea—dreamy nights stretching on and on.By the time Jimin was downing half of his second bottle, Jungkook had once again been bringing up the future.“Not to sound like HR but where do you think you'll be in ten years?”“Easy.” Jimin put down his empty bottle with a graceful thud. “I’ll have travelled around the world and lived too many stories to write books that leave the world in shambles, and I’ll have entire the world wrapped around my finger.”Jungkook was laughing, head tipped back and not questioning the credibility of that statement. He turned his head to Jimin, pressing a smile full of pride and warmth while thinking of the million shades of colour he could use for his eyes now. All those years and it was still utterly amazing—how Jimin was solid where he was brittle. Jungkook was thinking of azaleas to moon drips when Jimin sensed his waiting gaze, coming around to meet it and tossing the question back at him.“You? Think you'd check off everything on your bucket-list by then?”“I don’t know, all I want is just to feel…” Jungkook groped for the word he needed, recalling the million amendments he had made to said bucket-list. “Settled.”“Running tired your feet at last?” Jimin teased.Jungkook shrugged noncommittally, falling into the landscape of faraway worlds and lost paradises. All until a thought hit him, and he levelled his gaze onto Jimin—watching the other’s profile, studying the gentleness etched into his smile-lined face and wondering if anything meeting with the sun had to cause an eclipse, wondering if the sky could ever roll up fine black images.“I never asked but… what were you running from that day?”“You caught on that, didn’t you?”Jungkook matched Jimin's smile, letting the nostalgia overtaking his eyes and smile answer for him. Jimin kicked his feet—causing the water to arch in a splash—and flashed a wide grin. For those few beats of silence, Jungkook watched Jimin's grin lend vibrant colours to his eyes—all until a sigh escaped his lips.“Hmm, how do I put it?” Looking forward, Jimin's smile turned only the slightest bit lopsided. “Every now and then I just feel too pressured. Or let me walk you through this. Sometimes I think of myself as a one-trick pony, and sometimes I think that I am a jack of all trades, master of none—and here’s where it gets tricky. This, to us literature folks, is the ‘inner conflict’ and it can be particularly suffocating when coupled the ‘external conflict’.”Jungkook could remember that night along the beach when they were collecting seashells, and he felt a distant pang in his chest at how years later and Jimin still seemed well-acquainted with those thoughts, as though he never quite got to leave them behind. He nodded understandingly all the same, letting Jimin speak—Jimin who was still smiling like the most reconciled person on earth.“My dad sometimes just can never tell when enough is enough. Don’t get me wrong, I love my old man with all my heart. It’s just that sometimes I wish he could read me, notice how overwhelmed I can get, praise me instead of put more pressure on me. I already have my own standards and expectations to live up too, and it becomes too much when they're echoed or magnified, even, by my parents. Ergo, the suffocation.”“It was one of those days.”Jimin nodded. “It was one of those days. And I'm glad it was.”Naturally Jungkook couldn’t handle the oppressive air of whenever things got too real, mostly because he hated seeing the clear pools of Jimin's eyes become jaded—even if ever so slightly—and so, he was opting for a joke, smile cocky and tone full of itself.“Guess it’s safe to say I saved you that day.”Jimin laughed a pure contagious laugh—head thrown back, eyes squeezed shut—then he turned his head to Jungkook, eyeing him for a few beats.“Do you know what I first associated you with?”“Art?”Jimin shook his head and it was tender—oh-so-tender that Jungkook wanted to bask in it.“Didn’t notice the sketch at first. It was your singing that drew me in.”Still feeling playful, Jungkook swayed to bump his shoulder into Jimin's. “Like a siren,”“Like an angel.”Well there was little with which one could verbally reply to that. And so, hoping his grin wasn’t too telling of the restlessness in his bosom, Jungkook lifted his hand high up—eyes glued to Jimin's hand—and brought it down gently to hold Jimin's. And Jimin was laughing so hard that Jungkook was positive the world disappeared into crescent slits.As they settled into the silence, Jungkook couldn’t help thinking of the pewter-coloured light of dawn, of the sun spilling its myriad of yellows over the water surface. He wanted to drink in that colour, to let it fill him. Not wanting to waste time entertaining fantasies when his reality was sweeter, he slipped away from the thought, returning from his far-off memory at the command of Jimin's question.“Remember our last time watching fireworks together—that festival night?”“The night we met Hoshi and Woozi? Yeah.”It wasn’t what Jungkook most remembered of that night, neither was it the direction to which he guessed Jimin wanted to guide the conversation, but Jeon Jungkook was a certified dumbass. Still, a wistful smile was breaking out on Jimin's lips and Jungkook felt his senses becoming scrambled, already forgetting about his dumb reply and considering it a win. Jimin then bumped his knee into Jungkook's, a gleam shining in his eye.“They got the site up on its feet and it’s even more alive now, by the way.”“Yeah, I know that.”A mischievous smile was settling on Jimin's lips. “And you know that because…?”“Because I check it religiously the first of every month.” Jungkook admitted, embracing the tease with a genuine smile. “I find the balloons going off in the screen kinda soothing.”Once again, they lapsed into a comfortable silence, the sound of the fake ocean lulling Jungkook, though, once again, Jimin's voice was soon breaking into his romantic reverie. His body was half-turned to the younger, hand resting on his thigh to call him back into the moment.“How many of those balloons do you think you'd need in your life?”“I don't know.” Jungkook shrugged easily, not needing to mull over the question. “I don’t know if I could ever write a damn thing because I won't know what to do. I won't know if I should be writing a million apologies to strangers, or they me.”“That’s a weird thing to say about people you don’t even know. It’s a weird thought to assume you owe strangers an apology.”Jungkook was surprised by the calmness he felt, the serenity underlying his smile, he was surprised by how evenly he held Jimin's gaze, and he was most surprised by how easily—quietly—the words tumbled out of his mouth.“Even when you're scared?” Jimin narrowed his eyes and Jungkook let out a hearty laugh, locking gaze with him before elaborating. “Or let me walk you through this. I look at people and I'm scared and somehow everyone I touch feels like a wound. I'm scared they would get close and see that I'm so much less than what they’ve expected. I'm scared they would see a monster instead of my human heart. I'm scared that someone who used to see stars in my eyes would look them and only find a bottomless pit, something empty and vile and sinful and ready to suck up everything in its space.” He paused, expression warmer, heart calmer. “And then someone like you would come along and I wouldn’t ever be sure if they are another wound or it’s just that my hands are scarred. And then it becomes different.”“Oh, to be the exception in Jeon Jungkook’s morbid scenario. I'm flattered.”Jimin's tone was airy—playful—but a twinge of sadness was twining itself into Jungkook's tranquil smile.“No hyung, you scare me most of them all.”Jimin's smile faltered but the recovery was quick.“Why, do you think I could ever reduce you like that, ignore the whole for a single piece?”“No. It’s different.” Only then did Jungkook's confident smile carry the tiniest hint of lopsided in it. “I look at you and it scares me how free your soul is—so free that I feel you never want to find a home. And it’s a different kind of running I want to do when it comes to you.”The way Jimin was staring into Jungkook’s eyes was in turns breathtaking and heartbreaking, and Jungkook was starting to see him as a mesh of colours—gold and honey and sapphire and azure and amber and crimson and wine and fire and more fire.“Jungkook, there's something I need to tell you.” Jimin broke gaze, eyes hooded as he shifted—as though looking for something around them. “I've been resisting this for so long now.”His hands were reaching for Jungkook's shoulders—he was leaning in—and Jungkook's heartbeat was entering uncharted territories. He was frozen, a single thought tolling like a distant bell and it was leaving him short of breath.And then it all unspooled in a blink.He might have not seen it earlier, but Jungkook could react just in time so that it wouldn’t be only him falling into the pool, Jimin's feathery laugh progressively tapering out as they met the water. His back felt the pressure of the impact but his face was to Jimin—hand still grabbing him by the shirt. Jungkook had barely even closed his eyes, and Jimin needn’t shield his either; he was staring the younger underwater in what seemed to stretch to eternity; and Jungkook felt that, deep inside his body, this gaze was stoking a fire he had long been trying to stave off. Jimin resurfaced first, hand clasping around Jungkook's wrist underwater to pull him up. The force of the motion brought them closer than Jungkook would have guessed: chest to chest, hand to hand, noses almost touching—Jungkook could swear one of the water droplets slipping from Jimin's wet strands skidded against the tip of his nose. He couldn’t even register the cold, not with Jimin this close to him. But there was another emotion implicit in Jimin's daring smile—his lucid eyes, albeit hooded still—and Jungkook wanted to swim in the clear pools of those heavenly eyes. Still heaving, they locked gaze, infinitesimally drawing closer to one another—as though drawn together by a magnetic pull—and watching their ragged breaths make clouds above their lips in the fluorescent light.Something made a clatter around them—followed by sparks of footfall prodding free—and Jimin's head instantly whipped around—away from Jungkook's.“Park Jimin is that you? What are you doing here?”Jungkook didn’t have the chance to react; Jimin was slipping away from him, shoving his head—pushing his entire body—underwater and everything became desaturated and muted for him. He only got to witness the gym’s door opening and someone entering, chuckling. He missed the following exchange as he gargled chlorine water and tried to rid his lungs of the water they drank up, but he managed to catch enough snippets of Jimin's conversation.
Who’s that?

No one.
Words were becoming slower and more distant, but it wasn’t long before he could feel Jimin's hand leave his head: He was resurfacing. With a huge intake of breath, Jungkook rubbed his eyes, levelling his blurry vision onto an amused Jimin who, for good measures, put some distance between them in the pool.“What the hell, were you trying to kill me?”Jimin was snickering. “If I were, I'd be a little more creative than to try drowning you.”“Oh I'm sure you would.”Jungkook shook his head, in part in frustration and in part to get the water out of his ears. In easy swift strokes, he swam his way around Jimin—back to the ledge. He pushed himself up onto the ledge, getting up to his feet and taking off his sweater, twisting it—desaturating it—without looking at Jimin. As the latter swam to the ledge, his smile only became the slightest bit tensed, and he seemed to want to say something but the look Jungkook fired him shot that down. On putting his sweater back on—on briefly meeting Jimin's eyes—Jungkook bent down to get his sneakers, hooking his fingers to them as he carried them away. He could hear his wet footsteps as he made his way towards the door, he could hear Jimin calling out his name.“Come on, Jungkookie, it was a joke.”“Maybe. But that was just really fucking cold.”It wasn’t sharp, but it was still chillingly quiet as Jungkook shut the gym’s door behind him, the heat of his frustration doing nothing to chase away the coldness seizing him.



Enslavement



~[19]By the time they left the art supplies store, the afternoon sun had wavered to black.Regardless of how relatively heavy his messenger bag was, Jungkook didn’t want to call it a day and was thus agreeing to grabbing some hot drinks with Jimin. It was only fair, given how Jimin tagged along because their crammed schedules didn’t allow them enough time together—even though there was a golden opportunity to remedy that. Jungkook just was on the fence about it—about tagging along with Jimin, about going back to his parents’ on the weekend. It was the second week of his fourth semester and professors were already assigning projects left and right; he needed the escape—this decision should have been a no-brainer for him.But alas.Jimin had just ordered his drink, leading them to one of the standing tables close to the entrance where they could wait until the order was ready. He was drumming his fingers against the table and Jungkook started tapping his foot in rhythm to a song playing in head instead of to the bad music playing in the café.“You're having that look again.”Slowly, his head turned to Jimin's. “What look?”“One that seems to be considering every exit to every single place you know.”He pressed a smile and Jimin leaned across the table, beckoning to him—It’s okay, you can tell daddy what's weighing down that beautiful head of yours. And of course Jungkook would laugh at that. He considered outing the exhausting thoughts, but another thought interjected, and he was soon cocking his head inquisitively at Jimin.“How’s your mom, hyung?”“As of yesterday she’s officially in remission.” Jimin drawled with a slow smile and it instantly informed Jungkook's genuine one. “You know I'm not a skeptic, especially that we’re out of the woods now, but still, I don’t want to be too hopeful.”Jungkook bit his lip, overcome by the urge to hold Jimin's hand—to hug him—but, as always, not acting on it. After a few beats of this, he asked,“So you're still going back home for this weekend?”“Yes I am. I would never want to miss the fireworks, Jungkookie.” Jimin paused, studying Jungkook's expression. “How’s the situation with your old man?”“Yeah. He left mom for another last week or so, soo.”Jimin's smile fell and his hand reached for Jungkook's on the table. “Jungkook I'm so sorry.”“It’s okay. It’s better that way.”“But?”Despite the feeble smile, Jungkook bit the inside of his cheek, hating how transparent he was to Jimin. The latter’s eyes wouldn’t let him escape; they were relentlessly—though not unkindly—sifting Jungkook's for answers, prying him open.“Is your mom not okay?”“She’ll adjust. It’s just that—” He was unsure of how to word it. After a handful of trials, he settled for a sigh accompanied with, “I feel like trash you know.”“Baby” —Jimin's voice was as kind as his compassionate gaze, as warm as his gentle touch— “it’s not your fault. You didn’t drive him away and you are not responsible for your parents’ marriage. This is not your burden to carry.”“It’s not that.” Jungkook pressed his lips, vaguely registering Jimin's name as the waitress called out. Jimin looked over his shoulder and pressed her a smile, not yet retracting his hand. And so, Jungkook bought himself some time—as he struggled against the words, for them—by going over to the counter and brining Jimin's caramel macchiato.As he stood again at the table, he prompted Jimin to start drinking, and the latter, knowing Jungkook, acquiesced—patiently waiting for him. And the younger found himself reiterating a sentiment he wasn’t too fond of—a weight that Jimin, multiple times, took from him and carried it as though it were his very own just so that Jungkook would have a few hours of peace. On leaning across the table, Jungkook's smile became conflicted and he wouldn’t look directly in Jimin's eyes, not at first. A beat, two—the words should be out.“Growing up it was so easy to hate him, to hate them—he and that nameless faceless woman he’s cheating with because she was just a concept. I used to wonder about how someone could allow themselves to get involved with a married man, how they could allow themselves to be the other woman, how they sleep at night knowing they're wrecking someone’s home. And even on a less moralistic plan, I just didn’t get it.” He lifted up his gaze and found Jimin's meeting him with such compassion it was impossible not to bask in that warm aura. For years he couldn’t understand how someone could enable a fool’s paradise thinking they were involved with someone who only had eyes for them, that they were not sharing their lover with another, one way or the other. Jimin was still attentive and Jungkook couldn’t help but let it all out. He wished he wouldn’t always lean so heavily on Jimin but he would be damned if the elder didn’t make it so damn easy.“But you know what the shittiest part is? It’s that I know her—I met up with her—and she’s gorgeous.” Jungkook's smile was marred with an undercurrent of cynicism, but somehow his heart was salvaged from the bitterness. “She really never intended for any of this to happen, and she was afflicted by how she was his mistress, by how she fell in love with a married man, by how she was rationalizing her actions—her feelings—and by how those justifications were based on my parents’ sham of a marriage. I looked at her and I could see it tearing her apart. And this is the problem: When she becomes a person it becomes hard to stay so angry. It becomes impossible demonize her like that. I want to be angry at her, I want to hate her, but she—she is just in love. They both are.”Just how could you condemn someone whose only sin was being hopeless to their emotions—whose only sin was loving another person? How could you rain on their parade with your hostile emotions and unresolved issues when they were just happy with another—happy outside you?Jimin leaned in, tilting his head until he was in Jungkook's line of sight—until Jungkook's downcast eyes were falling on him. He pressed a sincere smile—Heyy—and as soon as his velvety voice yanked the younger back, Jungkook felt the second of hugs that day.“It’s understandable: Hate is safer, easier. But you're human, Jungkook, and we’re compassionate by nature. And this is what takes work—understanding another human being, especially if you feel wronged by them. Understanding they're fallible and that everyone sins but that doesn’t make them any less human.” Jimin's hand was once again comfortingly pressing Jungkook's, eyes adamant on not letting go of Jungkook's. “I know taking the high road doesn’t always taste the best, but you can't let them take that away from you. You can't let them to dehumanize you either.”Jungkook returned Jimin's gaze for a few seconds before he let out a small laugh—before looking down and mumbling, “God, I really hate it when you try to make sense of me.”But Jimin only draped an arm around Jungkook's shoulder, grabbing his drink with his free hand and leading them outside—But if I didn’t, then who would, Jungkookie?He had that right, because Jungkook sure as hell couldn’t make sense of himself. It almost felt impossible how easy everything was with them, how Jungkook was sure nothing in the world could go wrong because he had Jimin. Thanks to the freezing cold and to Jungkook being particularly sensitive to the chilling air, they were taking a shortcut back to campus. The boulevards were relatively empty for such a beautiful night and they needed to get to the other side; and so, Jungkook tugged at Jimin's sleeve, chin signaling the other sidewalk. The street was dimly lit but he could hear the distant hum of a car’s engine: Jimin was about to cross when Jungkook threw his left arm out in front of him to keep him from crossing the street. The car skidded by and Jimin just threw Jungkook a grateful smile, though the latter could swear there was something hidden underneath that fleeting look; he just couldn’t quite put his finger to it.They had just crossed the last crosswalk leading to the subway when, halfway through teasing Jimin about that one special text he was waiting for, Jungkook noticed an eyelash on Jimin's cheek.“—and you have a free wish.”Jimin narrowed his eye skeptically. “What are you giving me this time?”Jungkook chuckled then looked endearingly at Jimin.“It’s not I this time. Make a wish, hyung.”When Jimin wouldn’t move or do anything, Jungkook prompted him with a Don’t you trust me? He liked to pretend Jimin's answer—Jimin's Always—had no hand in elevating his heartbeat and that it was just the cold. Jimin then closed his eyes and Jungkook couldn’t help creating a mental pantone for the shades of pink he would have to mix to get those cold-pinched cheeks correctly. He found his hand working its way to Jimin's gloved one, he found himself leaning in—about to blow the eyelash away—when Jimin suddenly turned his head. Jungkook froze, suddenly very conscious of the redness of Jimin's lips, of their proximity, of their cherry-wine sweetness, of their calling. He didn’t know how long had passed; people were shouldering past them but all he could feel was Jimin's right hand—now bare—travelling up to the base of his throat, drawing softly across his pulse and giving rise to goosebumps on every inch of his flesh. Jimin's lips parted and Jungkook could feel the warmth of the elder’s breath against his lips; he felt his very own head inclining—drawing closer—but Jimin only smirked, speaking quietly, deliberately, drawlingly.“You're so cold that your heart is beating like crazy.”“Really? Because I could swear there’s a fire burning inside me.”Jimin was about to reply but a strong breeze hissed by. He withdrew his hand, and Jungkook screwed shut his eyes. It wasn’t the breeze gone and forgotten that called him back into the moment: Jungkook was fluttering his eyes open at the tender touch of Jimin's fingers—at how they tucked his wind-loosened hair back beneath his beanie, thumb lingering at the wisps of hair at his temple. Everything about that moment—about Jimin—was creating an avalanche out of the glacier surrounding his heart.And then it happened, before either of them could translate that exchanged look into words—into actions. Jimin was looking heavenwards, a huge smile spreading across his lips as he greeted the first of the dainty snowflakes.“First snow, Jungkookie!” He punctuated his words with a playful smile once their eyes hooked. “Mayhaps you have rights after all.”Jungkook’s lips worked into a smile. He reached for Jimin's free hand—the one that was not spread out to catch one of the falling snowflakes in its palm—and motioned to the subway. They had to go back before the snow got heavier and Jungkook wasn’t sure just how many rights he did not have. Jimin got out his phone, checking for the message that apparently did come because he nodded and they were soon descending the stairs leading underground.“If that one wish doesn’t become a reality then you're jinxed.” Jungkook teased. “The eyelash and first snow… that’s a double jinx here.”Jimin let out a spray of laughter. “Triple actually.”It wasn’t until Jimin had fished out something from his jacket’s pocket that Jungkook understood what he meant. He almost broke into laughter.“We were in an arts supplies store and you got us a wishbone?”“Well you were taking forever—as usual—so I had to find something to do.” Jimin feigned rolling his eyes. “Plus I got it from one of those props you guys use for maquettes. I thought the 1:5 ratio was perfect tho I still have no clue what you'd use it for.”The speakers were announcing that the next train—their train—would be there in a minute and Jimin was still holding the wishbone between them, eyes urging Jungkook to take the other end.“Do I have to?”“Don’t be such a party-pooper. I'm sure you have a wish or two that you couldn’t confide to anyone, not even your lists.”Sighing dramatically, Jungkook grabbed the other end of the wishbone. He then looked at Jimin, finding the elder’s eyes waiting for his, meeting him with unspeakable tenderness. But something else was there, something that called out to the gleam of hunger in Jungkook's own.Jimin counted to three and the wishbone split in two in their hands.Years later and Jungkook would find himself wishing it was Jimin who ended up with the bigger part. ✦✦✦ The closer the calendar became to October thirteenth, the deeper Jungkook sank into his own hell.He spent the past couple of days on auto-pilot mode, waiting for the weekend to come so he would embrace crumbling into the past—so that when he was left all alone, all at once, all six years would crumble into the past.When the creeping light of dawn stirred him awake, Jungkook found his head aching. He had barely shifted in bed when he heard a thud—the dog-eared hardcover falling to the floor. When there was no hope of going back to sleep, Jungkook got up and took in the magnitude of the mess he made yesternight—starting from an unfinished painting, to one too many drinks whose shells now were littering his place, to getting balls-deep in his feelings. He touched his fingers to the painting, kindling yesternight’s memory of when his forehead made contact with it, fingers lingering, heart aching.
You? You're the secrets I whispered to my paintings. 
Just how many times had Jungkook leant against a painting, feeling at the end of his tether, and asked, What should I do with my feelings?Should he drink them up? Jungkook didn’t enjoy the taste; he didn’t like the feeling: It was just the closest he could get to seeing Jimin. He drank himself up, he drank his sadness away; Jeon Jungkook drank enough to take himself back to six years ago, and it always ended with the same broken cry—I swear one more sip and my lips will be tasting yours. Last night was once again yet another hymn for the missing. A musical featuring a sad artist, his strongest drink collection, and one heart-wrenching book—one that he read ritually. Which always struck him as funny: What was the point of rereading a story when you knew how it ended—what was the point of holding on to it?This was a shipwreck: not afire love, but love that had caught fire after the wreckage.But Jungkook was done being a mess; the weekend was almost over and he had to get his act together in preparation for tonight’s masquerade.  Yugyeom used to tease Jungkook a lot about his coping mechanisms, but say what you want and you would still have to credit Jeon Jungkook: He cleaned up nicely after a breakdown. No more sobbing, no more crouching, up he gets.The party was kind to Jungkook; masks really made it easier. He had been there for almost two hours and he didn’t bump into any triggers. But perhaps dancing with an ex-partner had to set off something.“You're not so terrible at this.” Jihyo said, cheek now pressed against Jungkook's shoulder. “I remember you used to have two left feet, when did you get so good?”Jungkook allowed himself the smile. “A lot has changed but I always was a good dancer. You were just too busy being hard on me.”“Maybe. But I too have changed.”Jungkook smirked as Jihyo’s smiling eyes locked with his. “No longer breaking hearts left and right?”“No longer dating boys like you. They aren’t my type anymore.”“And what type was I?” He met Jihyo’s challenge with half a mischievous smirk, half a wry smile.“The emotionally-confused and emotionally-confusing one.”Laughing, Jungkook twirled her.“Emotionally-unavailable is one I have heard, but those two? Now that’s new.”“Really?” Her back was pressed to him as he swayed her. “I always thought this clandestine understanding was the only reason why your unofficial boyfriend of back then was still around you.”“I hardly dated any guys in highschool.”“Please refer back to my last sentence, thank you.”All Jungkook could afford this time was a smile. After a few beats of resting his chin on Jihyo’s head, he whispered,“You look absolutely stunning tonight.”“Thanks but the answer is no. I won't go home with you tonight.”Jungkook laughed, making Jihyo look up at him. “I wasn’t trying to sweet-talk you, I promise. I'm not a boy anymore, Jihyo.” He paused, trying to purge himself of his past. “This is long overdue but you deserve a better apology for how things were. You really deserved someone who treated you better, and I'm sorry for hurting you.”Two sentences ago, Jihyo stopped swaying, making Jungkook follow suit. She was looking at him with an expression that soon melted into a warm one. She managed a nod before taking Jungkook's hands again, whispering a Thank you as she planted a kiss on his cheek.“That’s one less person in your to-be-apologized-to list, Jeon Jungkook.”Jungkook smiled. She was right.The song changed and everyone was switching partners but Jungkook was trying to slip away from the dance-floor. Except that he couldn’t.“Dance with me.”It was confident, breezy, commanding—the perfect shades making the unique colour of Jimin's voice. And Jimin was already tugging at Jungkook's hand, leading him back to the dance-floor, as hypnotic as a pied piper. Jungkook could still feel the static from where his hand was in contact with Jimin's—he could feel the place on his shoulder burning where Jimin was touching; he could feel the slight shift of Jimin's muscles beneath his very own hand as the elder’s body moved to the tunes.He looked at Jimin's face—at his black-and-gold one-eyed mask, at his kohl-rimmed eyes, at his glossy forget-me-not lips—and he felt his breath catch in his throat. From some ghostly wasteland there it emerged—the all-consuming world of their embrace, like a lost tune played after having forgotten it.Jungkook closed his eyes, glad that Jimin's chin was resting on his shoulder—that his face was to the other direction, any direction but that of Jungkook's eyes.“I remember when I used to think you'd never be taller than me.”“Am I tall enough yet?”That reply—it was instinctive, really, like muscle memory—and Jungkook could tell Jimin was already smiling. He backed away his head to meet Jungkook's gaze, and he still had that gleam of otherworldliness that made it impossible for Jungkook to know which colour to use for his eyes. All those years and it was still there: that look was trying to touch off something Jungkook had been staving off.“We’re wearing masks tonight. Let’s pretend nothing happened and call for a ceasefire for once.”Jungkook received Jimin in his arms, meeting his eyes in the body-length mirror across the room before he whispered, “Pretend that we’re just two strangers and not ex-lov—?”“Not what, Kook?”Jimin spun and was facing Jungkook now—Jungkook who was mentally reprimanding himself for trailing off, for his slip, and was infinitely grateful for the mask and the veil it provided. They were silent for a few sways, never once breaking gaze. Everything about Jimin was intense—it always had been. And finally came out the sultry-toned question, ricocheting in the empty venues of Jungkook's heart.“Why are you a story that won’t be completed and refuses to be finished?”“Depends, are you reading or writing?”“Co-authoring, but I'm always reading alone. Sometimes I start from chapter one and sometimes I skip chapters, trying to forget all about them. But I don't know if I can make it to the epilogue anymore.”“If it’s important to you, you'll find a way there.” Jungkook still hadn’t lost the tension he had built up two exchanges ago, and there was no way Jimin couldn’t feel it. He was quite literally touching Jungkook's heart. Jimin tipped his head up, eyes slanting in the golden light—scintillating and riveting, impossible to wander away from—and his lip parted, perhaps for a question, perhaps for more. Jungkook's mind was screaming not to, but muscle memory was at play; his head was leaning forward—the answer to the question.He caught himself in the last second, and he could quite literally hear Jimin's frustration.“I can't do this anymore.” Jungkook quickly let go of Jimin, as though electrocuted. It all then unravelled in a heartbeat: He was slipping through the crowd as he took off his mask and undid his tie, and it wasn't until he had barely made it out of the mansion and into the garden that his ears registered Jimin calling out to him. But Jungkook kept walking, unfastening his collar button in hopes of being able to breathe more easily.“Jungkook you're not really going to ignore me.”Jungkook still wouldn’t reply. He was almost at the gazebo when he could sense Jimin right behind him. He turned around, taking a defensive step back—one hand up—as Jimin's fingers touched air instead of his shoulder. And so, Jungkook was gesticulating in the air, fumbling for words and trying to calm down enough to speak coherently.“You're doing it again… six years have passed but we’re still stuck in the same toxic loop.”“Doing what?” Jimin—mask hanging off his chest now—looked genuinely confused but Jungkook was done.“This, this. Stringing me along, giving me false hope—making me an accomplice in a crime that’s a betrayal to everything I stand for. You're turning me into everything I hate.”Even in the warm hues that the fairy lights above them cast on Jimin's face, Jungkook could still see the elder’s jaw clench—his expression harden.“I'd be careful with that list of accusations if I were you, Jungkook. Two can play this game.”“I am tired of this game.” Jungkook quelled a ripple of hysteria that felt dangerously like a sob. “I am fucking sick to my stomach of doing this—”Jimin, now in the gazebo but still three meters away from Jungkook, was starting to say something but the latter was in no place to hear anything. Like a madman, Jungkook had spun a three-sixty, holding his head, before fixing Jimin with his eyes.“This part from Let Us Leave the Sky to Bleed,” As he took a step forward, he could see the page before his eyes, could see the words—A day won't come when I'm not in love with you. “Where your Jihoon says he values that small organ hugged by those hollowing ribs”—beating and decaying by the same love—“Yea? You really nail it with that plaything comparison.”I'm not your plaything, toying and discarding me however it suits you, impermissibly leaving and coming back as though my heart were a place you rightfully owned. Jungkook squeezed his eyes shut, balling his hand and willing the images away, but Jimin's voice was cutting through his mind. His expression looked so cynical, so incredulous, regardless of the other emotion that pulsed beneath it.“This is the part you're choosing to linger at, really, now?”Jungkook wanted to scream. He opened his mouth then shut it—once, twice—he turned around, about to grunt, then back again to see an echo of the frustration latent in him manifest in Jimin—in his loud breathing, his flared nostrils, the tensed set of his shoulders. And Jungkook let the words out.“You just don’t get it, do you?”“Then tell me, Jungkook! Tell me because I'm tired of having to figure out everything for myself because you never let.me.know.”Only then did he get in Jimin's face, but the latter wasn’t budging; he was meeting the look in the younger’s eyes head-on. Sensing himself starting to come unhinged, Jungkook gritted his teeth. He then put some distance between them, locking eyes with Jimin. Where was the liberation amid the misery? Jungkook bore a hell within him which nothing could extinguish, and the feeling was just becoming too oppressive.“It was tolerable for you to leave, but the thing is you didn't even bother coming back.”“This is really expensive coming from you.”Jungkook was shaking his head. He sifted Jimin's eyes for more, but he reckoned he would find little to his liking. He really thought he was stronger, but he’s no stronger; he thought he was healing, but he is not healing. Jungkook was looking down, a bitter smile tugging at his lips for a second before he lifted his gaze and peered into Jimin's eyes. The words were slow and measured and they drew from the depth of his soul as they were dragged out.“The paintings should be done by next week. After that, I want nothing to do with you. It’ll be like the past six years. I don’t want to know where you are, what you're doing, who you're with. I don’t want to think about you anymore.”He wasn’t sure if his vision was getting blurrier or Jimin's eyes were getting twinklier. A rose diluted in the whiteness. Jimin's left hand was rubbing his right arm, and Jungkook could swear he heard the flinch from where he stood. His insides felt strangely hallowed and the words were shaping themselves around the ache in his chest.“Just take all that’s yours, leave me with what’s mine and just... leave.”A gulp.“What about what’s ours—everything we shared?”Jungkook levelled his blurry gaze onto Jimin's expression, seeing his face like a ruined painting—like a damaged canvas. If words were tangible, he wouldn’t have choked on them like this.“Take them. Take the memories—the feelings, the pain. I don’t want any of that, hyung. I'm tired.”“Jungkook—”“Just…”Just let me let you go. But Jungkook daren’t say the words out loud. He sufficed with holding one palm up and making his way out—around Jimin. He wouldn’t look back; there was just too loud a ruckus inside his mind.You know that infinitesimal second between two beats where my heart needs a break? Jungkook sucked in a faltering breath, looking only forward as he put one foot in front of the other. It calls out your name.But as a dear dedication put it, Jungkook had had enough.   The trick of keeping one busy to distract oneself from the pressing issues was working fine for Jungkook.Though yesternight he almost slipped, surrendering to those weak moments—rewatching an all too familiar interview once again. That interview which was the first of the times Jimin had added an annual ring to Jungkook's withering heart. The host was talking about how Jihoon, Jimin's protagonist in Let Us Leave the Sky to Bleed, shouldn’t be speaking like this about his home, not when it was the heartland of his best memories; and Jimin—the quintessential idealist, the consummate artist—just laughed his feathery mellifluous laugh. It was this confidant gleam in Jimin's eyes that Jungkook lived for.‘Best memories’ can often become synonymous with ‘worst enemies’ in cases like that.Jungkook couldn’t agree more with Park Jimin. And as if this wasn’t enough for his heart, he kept watching the interview until the very end—until the pain flamed at his heart so that nothing remained but a cinder. Once again he watched the host read the last lines in Jimin's debut book, a reiteration of the key exchange between Hoshi, the angel, and Jihoon.   

I'd give you anything you want, as long as you don’t…


As long as I don’t…?


As long as you don’t—

He watched Jimin's smile become tinted with faraway dreams as the host asked, Jimin-ssi, you never ended that sentence, leaving the world’s fate up in the air, and your readers couldn’t help but wonder—he watched as Jimin emerged from the memories and pressed a wry smile, offering a playful Wondering is part of the magic.But Jeon Jungkook doesn’t have to wonder. He never had.Once again it made him a prey to the same old haunting dream—it made him linger in bed in the morning for so long, replaying his dream over and over again wondering if it could ever be more than a dream.Every time he is not crippled by his fears and doubts, every time he doesn’t spew shit he doesn’t mean while hoarding—while holding back, down—the words that should have soared free—should have defined one of the most pivotal chapters in his life. Every single time, faced with simultaneously the easiest and hardest question ever, he is not standing mutely before a bleeding Jimin. In that dream, every time, he says the words.
Stay. For me.
It should have been his dream instead of just a dream.And there he was—in his art gallery, killing time until his lunch date with the new patron. Suran, his agent, was droning on about things he should pay attention to and briefing him up about said patron while he fixed his hair in the hallway mirror.Jungkook might have tuned out Suran at some point, but it was impossible to tune out his phone. Holding up a finger—One moment, love—at Suran, he overcame his initial confusion and picked up the call all the same.“I know you're busy and I'm calling you during a wardrobe fitting and I would’ve texted but it’s kinda urgent.”“Should I be worried?”Jungkook could detect the slightest strain to Taehyung's chuckle at that.“No not really. I just would be grateful if you could pass the phone to Jiminie,”Jungkook's first impulse was to ask why Taehyung would assume he was with Jimin, but he waited. He turned away from the mirror and walked around the gallery while Taehyung spoke. The elder was babbling so Jungkook had ample time to construct his story without giving away his ignorance. Jimin was in Busan—that much Jungkook could guess. According to Taehyung, Jimin had been unreachable for the past two hours—His phone doesn’t even connect and the messages aren’t delivered—and he was supposed to call Taehyung last night but he didn’t either. Apparently Jimin had told Taehyung not to worry about ditching him as he had company, so Taehyung instantly did the maths of ‘company + Jimin + Busan = Jungkook.’ Something about said maths—about this formula that had him instead of Taehyung—didn’t sit well with Jungkook; but he didn’t linger long at it as more pressing issues were at hand. And long story short, Taehyung was stressed.“Yes, yes, I was supposed to meet him later today.” Jungkook lied casually, trying to ease off Taehyung’s mind despite his very own thumping heart. “His battery died in the morning and he’s with some old friends. I’ll make sure he gives you a call ASAP.”Taehyung bought that for now. Jungkook could hear Hoseok calling to Taehyung and the latter had to hang up. Walking back to Suran, Jungkook tried to push the bad scenarios to the recess of his mind; now wasn’t the time.“Is… everything okay?”Jungkook knew not how he looked for Suran to ask the question so warily, but he guessed not his best because his agent wasn’t really the sugar-coating, feelings-are-eggshells kind of person.“Peachy.”Suran nodded and walked away. It didn’t take long in Jungkook's head, battling his demons, for him to give up—to grunt and seek Suran.“Call them and reschedule today’s lunch.”She looked aghast. “It’s literally in less than an hour.”“Was I mumbling?”Suran made a face; her lips parted before some words—hesitating—as Jungkook took out his phone.“They flew all the way from Japan for you, Jungkook-ssi, and you know how those people are always running on a tight schedule. Getting Taiji-ssi today was a miracle.”Jungkook shrugged, already walking away, and Suran’s voice was chasing after him—You'll lose them like that.“It’s a risk I'm willing to take.” Jungkook weighed all his options as he got into his Maserati. The closest flight to Busan wasn’t until two hours, which was too much time to lose, but it was still faster than if he drove or took a train there. On booking it, he headed home, grabbing his weekend bag with the essentials and hoping the drive to the airport would be enough to kill his anxiety.It just didn’t make sense. Jimin had been to Busan last weekend as well as this one; why would he revisit it again—so soon? Everything—phones not connecting, things in Busan that Jimin would need to revisit often—pointed to one direction, and Jungkook hated where that was headed. The thirty-minute flight had been as kind as kind could be in such a situation; but, as if everything was adamant on making his anxiety spike up, Jungkook got a call from his mother the instant he exited the terminal.It was a casual call, one where Jeon Yeonjoo did her routine of rebuking her son for not visiting—I even saw Jimin-ah last weekend but I don’t get to see my own son. Jungkook managed to underplay his questions, and he confirmed what he feared.
Did he mention his mom?

Ah come to think of it, I wanted to call Chanri—check up on her.
Indeed, Park Chanri had been to the hospital. Only two hospitals in Busan had an oncology department, and Jungkook had already given the taxi cab directions to one of them by the time he was making the call to check. Luck was on his side for once: the receptionist gave him the room number.Jungkook hated hospitals as much as the next person, but there was a certain metallic taste in his throat as he walked down the hallway leading to Chanri’s room. He didn’t know what to expect and he wasn’t sure what he could handle either. But this wasn’t about him.Room 1010 had its door open, and Jungkook could instantly make out Jimin's blond mop of hair. On the visitor’s chair, he was sitting with his back to the door—head hanging as though in a prayer, elbows on knees, and fingers clasped together. The heart defibrillator was making rhythmic beeps but Chanri didn’t look her best, not with so many tubes connected to her. It took Jungkook a second to notice that she was also connected to a ventilator.Swallowing, Jungkook’s knuckles made a hushed rap on the door, not really waiting for anything. Eyes sunken and gaze distant, Jimin looked over his shoulder but said nothing. It didn’t matter because Jungkook had already closed the distance, pulling the other chair closer to Jimin’s. He didn’t say anything; he just gently reached for Jimin's hand—leading it down and holding it in his.And Jimin’s fingers were soon pressing Jungkook's, holding on to them. There were moments in one’s life that one wouldn’t ever want to revisit. Jungkook was adding yet another one to that list when he saw Jimin signing the forums to pulling his mother off the ventilator. His face expressive of a calm settled grief, but Jungkook reckoned that perhaps that was the silence before the storm. Jimin wouldn’t wait in the room; he joined Jungkook outside in the hallway and they both quietly listened to the machine going silent—no sound, no ruckus, no nothing.They were both facing forward once they became seated, but Jungkook could feel Jimin's lips tremble as he struggled for words. He reached his hand to steady Jimin's, and the latter accepted it wordlessly, not yet looking at Jungkook. He looked so far away—a look that painfully moved Jungkook's insides—and he sounded just as far away.“It still feels like infinity and I still feel like I'm falling and it doesn’t get any easier. You see the blow coming but it still wrecks you.”Jungkook then draped his right arm around Jimin and pulled him close—rubbing his arm as he witnessed the first of Jimin's sobs.“I know. And I'm sorry.”It was a crying tonight, and Jungkook was there to keep Jimin from falling everywhere.  During the funeral, Jungkook was glued to Jimin’s side in the reception room. The latter had opted for a hospital funeral home because he couldn’t deal with anything more personal. There weren’t that many people considering none of Jimin's friends knew—only Chanri’s friends and relatives, and even some friends of Siwo’s, Jimin's dad.It wasn’t before the first funeral day was over that the two of them had gone home—Jimin's home. Jungkook was avoiding Taehyung's texts because apparently Jimin hadn’t told him about the funeral—Not yet, he had said when the younger asked.Both of them were doing the bare minimum to stay alive, each for his own set of reasons. Jimin was taking a shower and Jungkook was out on the terrace, continuing to give Jimin some space. For the past hour, he sat on the yellow-striped swing that bore so many memories. It was creaking now, but it still supported Jungkook's weight. He knew not how long had passed since he left Jimin's side, but the stars were rushing out, showing their fires now, and it was becoming too beautiful a night to have marked such a tragedy.But guess everyday was someone’s tragedy. Perhaps the sky too had its was of mourning its lost stars.The creak the wooden floor made under Jimin's foot snapped Jungkook from his reverie. Jimin sat beside him, tucking one leg underneath his thigh and causing the two of them to swing in spite of the force. He was holding a mug with both hands—hot cacao, probably. It was always Jimin's favourite comfort drink. The moonlight was painting him in an array of blue hues—maudlin sorrow accenting his soft-fallen features—and Jungkook was avoiding speaking as if not to betray something inside of himself. When Jimin's dainty voice resolved into words, it was no higher than a wisp of a dream.“Do you remember what you told me that night I learnt of mom’s diagnosis?”Jungkook looked to his right, studying Jimin's puffy eyes, his faint smile, and his reminiscing tone.“About how people are made up of energies?”Jimin nodded. “I think your theory and my theory are relevant now.”Jungkook shifted so he could turn to face Jimin; their thighs were no longer brushing, but their knees were grazing—facing one another.“If your mom could become anything, what would you want her to be?”“One of those stars looking down on us.” Jimin shrugged and took a sip from his drink. “She’ll always be watching over me like that.”Jungkook found a soft smile spreading across his lips.“Redistributed energy,”“Redistributed energy.”It was the first genuine smile from Jimin in the last two days, and Jungkook felt some light burrow its way to his heart—through the cracks. Some things made infinity look not as scary, not when shared with the right person. Jimin’s tender smile still spoke of warmth rivaling that of the sun, and Jungkook would always bask in it. He kept Jimin's gaze for as long as he could, comfortable with the silence, comfortable with just sharing the same space.“You're here.”“I am.”“Thought you wanted nothing to do with me.”Smiling softly, Jungkook looked down, focusing on Jimin's socked feet.“I can go back to being petty after the storm’s ended.”It earned him a smile. Wind rustled through the leaves and a cool gust whipped a few strands of hair across Jungkook's face. On abandoning his drink, Jimin shifted and faced forward, resting his head on Jungkook's shoulder. They were looking at the same stars.“Do you think the stars hold the secrets to the universe?”“I'm not sure I can answer that,” Jungkook could feel Jimin shift ever so slightly—quizzical gaze lingering on Jungkook's expression, on the sad smile colouring Jungkook's lips. “I used to believe I knew the answer to so many things—to so many questions, even the hard ones. But now I'm not so sure.”“There are no hard questions, Jungkook. There are only ones whose answers we don’t want to hear.”Jimin's answer had been quick, but he had forgot that Jungkook too was good at this game. He was Jimin's student after all.“I know. That question messed up with me enough to teach me that.”“What question?”There was a certain kind of tranquility accompanying resignation, one that stopped your heart from trembling because you understood that you had done all you could. Studying Jimin for a few unguarded beats, Jungkook wondered how Jimin could be right beside him but his absence was a gaping void in him. He finally smiled, letting out what he hadn’t intended to be a wistful sigh, then he was turning his eyes heavenwards. His voice came out much softer than he had expected.“Am I still your endgame—are we still endgame?”He wouldn’t dare look, but he hadn’t expected Jimin's voice to be so soft—so broken.“Jungkook—”“It’s okay, I don’t need an answer.” I just want one. “I'm not even sure if there is an answer.” Or which one I want to hear.Jungkook met Jimin's gaze, pressing a smile. He found himself caught in the hazy mist of Jimin's celestial eyes, and he felt his heart—with its needs, its manias, its maladies—slowly becoming the beating of a drum. This was Park Jimin, a free soul—an ideal greater than its earthly embodiment—and this was the person who took him to a realm he had never shared with anyone in his life, before, or since.Perhaps it was because he needed to do something with his hands, perhaps it was because he needed to do something with his lips; the result was that Jungkook had stretched enough across Jimin's lap to reach for the now-lukewarm drink. Jimin watched him take the mug into his hands—the rim to his lips. Notwithstanding the warmth in his eyes, Jimin's smile was uneven as he said,“I thought you don’t like sweet drinks.”Jungkook wanted to laugh. He closed his eyes and savoured the breeze, letting it fill his lungs and numb his cheeks before replying.“Think of it like this. If someone tells you that they don’t smoke, it doesn’t mean they never did.” He was now looking into Jimin's eyes, a phantom of a smile dancing on his lips. “Imagine after years and years of trying, you’ve finally managed to quit, and so it happens on some random day that you stop at a crosswalk and the person standing next to you is smoking. In those few tantalizing seconds till the light turns green, this stranger has managed to turn your body a traitor against you. They’ve managed to make you miss and yearn for all that you’ve quit—your once drug of choice.”Jimin was gently prying the mug away from Jungkook's hands, peeling away what little protection Jungkook had put before his heart—between them. When he spoke, his voice was emotional and crystalline, like a violin.“Are you trying to say that I'm this stranger?”“I'm trying to say that”—I miss you… us—“You're my drug of choice, hyung.”Jungkook let his eyes linger, his heart hanging on Jimin's torn expression. The second the elder’s expression gave the slightest hint of morphing into something more, Jungkook looked down. He summoned a huge grin as he clapped Jimin's thigh, squeezing his knee familiarly, then he rose to his feet. He was at the door’s threshold when Jimin's voice called out to him. And of course he would turn around—would leap to answer.“If you could have three selfish wishes, what would you go for?”Jungkook studied the wild-eyed Jimin for the span of a few heartbeats: he dug into his eyes and dappled in his breathless tone and he resurfaced with a smile of his own—a sad one suspended in the uncertain zone between them.“I'm tempted to say wish I could unmix—unsee—some colour combinations, like that of yellow and purple. But I'd be fooling myself then.”Body still leaning forwards—as though about to spring at something, for something—Jimin swallowed hard and asked,“Fool yourself? Since when have you been one for soft hues, since when have you been one not to transform colours you didn’t like—to settle for secondary colours even when offered primary ones?”“Since I could see it’s a beautiful mixture. Since I couldn’t claim yellow as mine, not when I still use too much black.” Jungkook pressed a brighter smile, eyes drooping. “Because even if I extracted the purple—even if it never existed, things wouldn’t have turned out differently. I don’t want the colours, hyung—not after what they’ve done to me.”Jimin's eyes seemed glassy but Jungkook was overcome by the kind of calm characteristic of the ocean, characteristic of the vastness closing in on weary souls—embracing them, engulfing them. And like that he was gone. No goodnight’s—just a familiar smile and a nod. The next day, Jungkook didn’t spend long in the funeral. He was by Jimin's side when Taehyung came. He was there when Taehyung embraced Jimin and he was there when Jimin let his head fall on Taehyung's shoulder. The greetings were on friendly terms between Jungkook and Taehyung, but he spared Jimin a weary smile and a small nod before leaving the funeral house.Kim Taehyung was there. Jungkook could go back to Seoul.  ✦✦✦ One of the pettiest arguments Jimin and Taehyung had had had been about the shades’ placement while they slept. Jimin’s studio-apartment had floor-to-ceiling windows, and he made sure he made the most of it by placing his queen bed closest to the windows. He loved how the sun rays would sneak in and wake him up; he loved waking up to such a beautiful scenery such as the sun breaking over the horizon, spilling its colours all over the landscape. The sun was his. Taehyung and Jimin had reached a compromise, though. Nights in Taehyung's place, the shades were to be drawn together, but nights at Jimin's, the shades were drawn apart. Kim Taehyung wasn’t a light sleeper anyway so this shouldn’t pose a problem.It was just after 7 P.M., the sun was starting to dip in behind the horizon, and Jimin was sneaking quietly out of bed, making his way to the window. Taehyung and Jimin hadn’t seen each other in a week; they had had lunch and a fun round, but Taehyung was still napping, suffering from jet-lag still.Feeling kind of chilly, Jimin wrapped his cardigan more tightly around his body. The sun glazed everything around it in vermillion hues, turning the sky into a beautifully-blended mixture of yellow and magenta. There was just something so sad and so tranquil about sunsets, something that made you aware of the vastness of the universe and in desperate need for a hand to hold. Jimin watched as the sun became smaller and smaller, and memories started replaying in his head.It was their fourth summer together, right before college started for Jungkook, and—after going to the movies—they had biked around for a while then ended up close to the sea. They were sitting by the shoreline, heedless of the sand infiltrating their shorts—knees bumping, shoulders grazing, fingertips touching—as they watched the sun set.
Man, I wish sunsets lasted longer. They're just so beautiful.
Jimin loved those moments, random mundane moments that highlighted the splendour of Jungkook's soul. Jimin was getting up, smiling at the younger,“Well here’s a fun fact. If we spin counterclockwise, it’ll add a very tiny second to earth’s clock.”Jungkook arched a skeptical eyebrow at Jimin.“So?”But Jimin was tired of explaining. He took Jungkook's hands and showed him; he often found himself doing that. They were spinning and they were laughing and colours were blurring and they were witnessing a longer sunset together. Jungkook stumbled on his feet and brought them toppling down, but they were still laughing—their hands still in each other’s, even as Jimin lay on top of Jungkook, even as he stared down those heart-skittering eyes.God, he wanted to kiss him so bad that day. He almost did.Jimin was expecting much more from Jungkook than the latter was willing to give him, and Jungkook wanted much less than what Jimin wanted to give him. He could never—he could never convey what Jungkook means to him. Yes, Jimin talked too unrealistically of him; the boy indeed didn’t put the stars in the sky, but he had kept Jimin's from falling apart—from bleeding in the skies.There are some spaces those who kiss our lives goodbye leave behind—spaces that can't be filled by another person. The emptiness a mother leaves behind a lover can't fill; the emptiness a lover leaves behind a friend can't fill; the emptiness a friend leaves behind another friend can't fill. People are like colours: If red leaves your life, the red-shaped hole it leaves behind can't be filled with any colour; green might alleviate some of the pain, but no matter how faithful it is, it won't ever become red. No matter how absolutely beautiful a colour green is. Jimin looked over his shoulder, watching Taehyung breathe rhythmically as he soundly slept.It was then that he knew.Before he returned to bed, he had added yet another poem to the list of impromptu poems that would never see the light of day, not even as prologues or dedications.    

If time has doomed us apart, then what damage could one more hour together before eternal distance do?


How has my heart sinned to be sentenced to a life away from you,


And how easily could the sun of intimacy be killed by an ominous sunset preceding nightfall,


And how could a blindfolded man see, how could two hearts destined apart prevail?

It was tiring—this dance Jimin had perfected over the course of the past few years. Veering between wanting to stay and needing to leave—the fun of pushing himself to his breaking point. Everything about Jungkook and himself was governed by a line Jimin had written two years ago:
I fear to wait for you only to have you let me down. I fear not to wait for you only to have me let you down.
Love was starting to leak from places Jimin didn't know existed and he was starting to get infected by Jungkook day after day. And amidst all this yearning, his mind tried to punctuate their story together with a decisive full stop, reproaching him by saying 'haven't you had enough?'But how much was enough?Sometimes Park Jimin feels he’s made of Jungkook's absence, and oftentimes he believes this was a disease with no cure. Or maybe it did have a cure: it was just one that risked killing him as much as it promised to keep him alive. ✦✦✦ ~[19/20]Kim Taehyung’s story with Jeon Jungkook went way back, and held too many chapters. They weren’t Jungkook's favourite, but he often had to revisit them—enough times to know which ones were the highlight, to retrace his steps and reflect on his actions. An Alien Abducted My Favourite Person – a tragedy in three acts.
Act #1: When I Knew
There were plenty of ways you could break the news of being in a relationship to your friends, even if you thought they wouldn’t approve. Jungkook would have handled it, or at least he thought he could take it like a champ—Jimin and Taehyung getting together, that was. But learning they were dating like that? That cut deep.It was a two-week escapade—fourteen days after Valentine’s, after one stupid text on first snow—how did this happen? When did it happen?Jungkook could tell Jimin was going through something ever since he saw him at the party. He needn’t catch the elder sneaking out to understand that this was the last red flag. Contrary to his initial assumptions, the party didn’t blow. He had been talking with this brilliant grad student and the conversation was absolutely riveting, but guess Min Yoongi would have to wait; it wasn’t like Jungkook could have his heart in anything right now.And so, Jungkook excused himself and made his way out, through the crowd and into the quiet. He had an idea or two about where Jimin might be. When he reached the fire-escape, Jimin was talking on the phone to someone, apparently about to say goodbye. It must have taken a while for Jungkook to find him because Jimin's light was burnt out—his cigarette was almost down to its butt.“I purple you too, baby.”Jungkook then closed the door behind him, alerting Jimin—who was now pocketing his phone—to his presence. He slowly made his way to Jimin's side, trying to brace himself, but the breeze felt colder than ever. He essayed a smile, lightly nudging Jimin who looked absolutely faraway.“Baby?”It was playful. Playful was safe.The cigarette was shaking as it made its way to Jimin's lips. Jungkook's mind was connecting the dots too quickly, making unsavoury assumptions—drawing painful conclusions.“I'm assuming what happens in Daegu does indeed stay in Daegu.”“Jungkook, I was going to tell you—”“It’s cool.” Jungkook casually waved a dismissive hand in the air, grateful to break eye-contact. “It’s a natural progression, you must’ve been blind not to see it—”Jimin's eyes cut to Jungkook's and it was as though a splinter were sinking into the younger’s heart.“Was I?”Jungkook found himself laughing. He never knew laughter could sometimes taste so metallic. They remained silent for a number of beats—anxious ones on Jungkook's part. And Jimin was soon lighting another cigarette. Jungkook could only bear so much amidst the haziness of their proximity and the plumes of the unsmoked cigarette.“Maaan, did I ever look this miserable getting it on with someone?”The joke did little to lighten the mood; Jimin's eyes were still unyielding—pupils taking on a lonely hue, like grey clouds reflected in a calm lake. But there was more to them; something weighed Jimin's eyes down. He spun around, leaning with his elbows on the banister and facing the other direction than Jungkook. He was now taking deep drags as he stared at the moon, clearly running through the words in his head and working out how to string them together.“Do you know this token you have from childhood?” He started. “This toy or souvenir or random object that you got so emotionally attached to that you can't let it go no matter how old you are so it just carries on from childhood to what you hope would be infinity? People would tell you you're only used to it, that you don’t particularly like it because there isn’t much that is remarkable about it. But you know better. It is remarkable to you. They just don’t know it like you do.”Jimin paused and Jungkook didn’t like where this was heading; and he was grateful Jimin was still marveling at the moon. He flicked his cigarette.“And then you lose it for a while, among the shadows, amidst the darkness. And you realize that somewhere along the way you started liking another thing of the same nature. A new token. And people would be so damn smug that you're proving them correct by severing fond ties with that old object. By burning your bridges. They would accuse you that you're replacing the old one with a new one because we as humans don’t deal well with the concept of emptiness. So you start hating yourself a bit. For the betrayal, for losing it, for thinking you’ve outgrown liking something that used to—that still brings colours to your life. You hate yourself because it feels like letting go.” Only then did Jimin avert his gaze—turn his head—to Jungkook. “And you're not ready to let go. You don’t think you ever would be.”In his current state, a lot was flying over Jungkook's head. The mere act of looking at Jimin was too much for him right now. He was afloat in the foreverland of ambiguities, conscious that, below the surface, something was breaking.And so, he played it cool again. There was no way he was surviving this without employing his top-notch compartmentalization skills.“Always the poet.”Jimin looked directly into Jungkook's eyes. “Am I confusing you yet?”“No more than the I purple you.”“It’s something Taehyung came up with.”“Look at you two lovebirds having your unique language already,” Scrunching up his nose—swallowing the yellowness now associated with gall—Jungkook nudged Jimin again. “This is like what, can't wait to mix your blues and my reds tonight?”“Is everything sexual to you?”He shrugged; he was still sifting through the blurry images in his mind. Jimin let out a few ringlets of smoke then smiled to himself, wishfully so.“No. It’s somewhere in the hierarchy of love, like a special I like you a lottle.”“Because the L-word is just too boring.”“I think it’s too soon.”“Fair enough.” Jungkook paused, in part to gulp, in part because he didn’t trust himself. “Do you think you two will get there?”Jimin was silent for a long while, and for the first time in situations like those, Jungkook wished Jimin would make eye-contact. Why do we always insist on asking questions that we are positive their answers would adamantly scar our hearts?“I don’t know.”Everything had a breaking point, and Jungkook wasn’t keen on testing his tonight. And so, he let the subject drop, asking Jimin to light him and hoping the smoke could melt the lump in his throat.It was fair to say that whatever way he felt about Taehyung was now a million times aggravated. He didn’t want to meet him, he didn’t want to even see him, yet Taehyung was everywhere. Because Jimin was Jungkook's everywhere.There was a certain aftertaste to watching two people in a relationship from the sidelines—two hearts in the ocean while you stood on the shore—a feeling that always left Jungkook's breath hitching, left him with a tightness in his chest. He would look at them from a distance and words would crowd his throat.But nothing would come out.Nothing ever came out.It was the first summer Jimin didn’t spend in Busan. It was the first time Jungkook got to understand that ‘out of sight, out of mind’ was absolute bullshit. And it was also the first time he tested how the two of them didn’t need day-to-day communication to stay solid—the first time he learnt that their relationship would always trump his very own pettiness. Because by the time Jimin returned from Seoul—the instant Jungkook's eyes met his in the airport—Jungkook had long forgotten about his troubled heart and was soon receiving his hyung with open arms, as if nothing happened. As if he hadn’t spent all those Skype chats pretending he couldn’t visit Jimin because of his art internship and not because Jimin's plus-one was also in Seoul back then.As if he hadn’t spent that summer whispering secrets to his paintings—yearning, aching, longing—and making wishes that he daren’t voice out loud, not even on falling stars.  
Act #2: When I Broke
And even when Jungkook thought they had a moment, Taehyung had to strike again. God, it was ceaseless: One punch after the other; the pain was endless.Kim Taeyeon had told Jungkook that poetry didn’t have to be sad to be worth reading. She, like Kim Jonghyun had been doing since Storytelling PT246 through Personal Narrative PT369, taught him that art was all about the things that made your soul move—melodies that were rich and feathery and not just those of a weeping violin. Because souls danced just as passionately—as intensely—in sunlight as they did in a downpour. And art needn’t the romanticization because things that could move you had already long coloured your goggles; you become a candlewax lover who saw beauty in the mundane.They were kind of wrong, though. Art as expression was an ambivalent thing. Jungkook might not have needed to veer between either extreme, but, regardless of— no, because of the intensity of his feelings, glimpsing heaven and knowing he was forever stuck at the gate, unadmitted, could only make his art poignant. The bitter to the sweetness.The most honest and true-to-life of poetry was sad, no matter how hard people tried to deny it.The sky hadn’t cradled stars so bright in a long while, but still Jungkook’s eyes were for Jimin. To each their own art. Jimin was still reading one of the poems published in the university’s magazine—for the anonymous poetry competition, Writ on Water—and Jungkook was getting more nervous by the second. Jimin had been silent for a long while, expression unreadable.“I can't believe no one is stepping up to claim this one.”It wasn’t the first thing Jungkook expected to hear but Jimin was getting there. He opened his mouth, then clamped it shut. His expression contorted, fingers curling and crumpling the page’s corner. He looked to his left—at Jungkook—and shook his head. Light was catching in his dark irises—brown bleeding into gold—and without even yet diving into them, Jungkook was already feeling short of breath. And when Jimin's voice broke free, it tapped into a reservoir of all things wishful—wistful.“This is a secret between the shadow and the soul. This is an attic heart letting go and praying no one will ever find it.”Only then did Jungkook's lungs relearn how to draw in air.“When I read it, I knew I had to share it with you. But I gotta admit, I never thought you’d like it that much.”“Are you kidding me?” Jimin's lips worked into a slow smile. “The ocean keeps a secret, and it buries ours too deep? I would tattoo that on my skin. I would write my MA thesis on this very poem.”That started Jungkook laughing, feeling the last bits of tension leave his body. He was looking up at the stars when he felt Jimin's head on his shoulder—Jimin's arm looping through his in a hug-like gesture.“The poets make it so easy,”“Pouring themselves out through their art?”“Breaking the ‘I’ll meet you halfway but no further’ clandestine rule.”At Jimin's voice—that was sounding more akin to dreaming than speaking—Jungkook looked to his side, waiting.“Sometimes I feel that when it comes to the question of love the answer is a sentence no matter what.” Jimin's smile was shades and shades of dreamy. “And this terrifies me a bit.”And then Jungkook did something that shocked even him; he spoke up, expressing disagreement.“I don’t think that’s necessarily the case.” The pause was unintentional, but he could feel himself smiling; it was of a resigned man—one who was praying to find himself. “Between forever and never, you can still have the courage to choose forever, especially if it’s possible, attainable. It’s not death; it’s liberation. Think of the different types of connections—like that you and I have for instance.”He dared to look to his right—he dared to disturb the universe—and Jimin's eyes were holding him the way the sun keeps all the planets warm and in their place.“And which one is it that you and I have, Jungkook?”“I don’t know how to express it yet, but I know it’s not the kind that ends.”It took a lot to say those words, but Jungkook couldn’t regret them. Time stretched as their smiling eyes locked, and he wondered if their hearts were synced in rhythm. All until Jimin's phone pinged and he had to check it, breaking away. When his arm left Jungkook's—his body Jungkook's side—Jimin's expression became livelier and Jungkook missed the warmth of his body already.“Taehyungie is a block away.” He was already carefully moving on the roof, attempting to climb down. “Thank you for showing me what inspired your To the last echo of our soul, Jungkookie. We’ll pick up from where we left some other time.”“I don’t think we will.” Jungkook mumbled quietly, eyes already looking away notwithstanding his forced smile.Jimin stirred, making an inquiring face at Jungkook—to which the latter only shook his head—and so Jimin was out of his line of sight. By the time Jimin was in the driveway, Kim Taehyung had already been there, receiving the running Jimin in his open arms.Jungkook looked at the two together, fighting against an inevitable flinch and feeling the familiar lump build in the back of his throat.
I don’t think we ever would.
They were happy—Jimin was happy—shouldn’t that make Jungkook anything but how he was feeling?It took close to half an hour for him to be able to get down and head back to his house.  
Act #3: When I Gave Up
You didn’t know how much you were saturated with someone until the most random of things triggered you into a fond remembrance—an involuntary one. They, Jungkook and Yoongi, had just left the café where they had lunch and were walking around when Jungkook’s whirling mind forgot to reply to Yoongi's question because it was too busy courting misery.“It looks nice.”Jungkook's eyes flicked to Yoongi's and he pressed an apologetic smile. “I got distracted, sorry.”“Kinda expensive-ish but if you want we can go inside and get it, legit no sweats, we have all the time in the world.”“It’s not for me anyway.”Jungkook was a beat too late to realizing he had made a mistake. This necklace he was staring at was one that Jimin had expressed interest in multiple time. It had interlocked ring-pendants and overall seemed to encapsulate Jimin's elegant and daring fashion statements. They had a strict ‘no-fancy-birthday-gifts’ rule—which was mostly why Jungkook stuck to art—but this wasn’t the case right now.“Ah right, Taehyungie wanted to do some birthday shopping tomorrow. That sneaky kid.”As much as he tried not to, Jungkook eventually flinched, noticeably so. His mind always slid away at the mention of Taehyung—at the thought of Jimin in the arms of another. In an attempt to do some damage-control, he followed up with a question.“You're kinda close with Taehyung, right?”Yoongi narrowed his eyes then gave a hesitant nod. They weren’t ‘close;’ they grew up together. For all Jungkook cared, Yoongi could be to Taehyung what Jimin is to him. Smiling unevenly, he bit his lip, let out a nervous laugh and stood before the display window, and Yoongi was already taking cautious steps away from the younger.“Just hear me out before you say no.”“This is going to be some Machiavellian scheme, isn’t it?”“Vaguely.” Jungkook punctuated his words with another laugh, drawing a smile from Yoongi. “You can just suggest he get this for Jimin, like really get the thought in his head.”“Jungkook—”“It’s all for a good cause, I swear.”“Or we could go in right now and buy it.” Yoongi pointed his thumb at the window, emphasizing each word. “It would make more sense that you gift him what you picked for him.”“I don't care who gives it to him. I just want him to have it.”“Then you give it to him.”“I can't.” Perhaps it was about the smallness of Jungkook's tone; perhaps it was about the shifty look in his eyes or how lopsided his sad smile was. “Please, hyung, do that one thing for me.”Yoongi tilted his head, eyes darting sideway in an already defeated manner. He then sighed, lips pressed in his signature cheek-puff that made him look a thousand times less intimidating.“Okay, kiddo, but remember I told you this a terrible idea.”Jungkook let out a humourless chuckle—Yet another one joining the list.“Maybe. But you don’t have to look back on every single one of them in five years and wish you'd done things differently.”Even then, Jungkook knew this would be a self-fulfilling prophecy. He never saw Park Jimin not wearing this necklace from his twenty-second birthday onwards. It was as close to him as was the Van Gogh plushie to Jungkook—that special plushie Jimin had gifted him on his fifteenth birthday.



Malady



Park Jimin had taught Jungkook so much—he had taught him plenty about Greek culture, but nothing had stuck as two of the central concepts: philos-aphilos, and Plato’s split-aparts. In the span of one week, Jungkook was feeling it all—veering between the two extremes—and everything was crashing down harder than he had expected.The paintings were finished and for some reason he decided he wanted to deliver them himself. He didn’t know what he wanted to achieve by doing that. Suran offered to have them dropped, but he insisted on going to Hopeworld himself.It was those small decisions that always catalyzed a catastrophe—the butterfly batting its wings.One would be tempted to think that Jungkook's decision to visit afterhours would clue him in on how he couldn’t deal with any encounters with his friends. Perhaps he was trying to spare said friends the awkwardness. Jungkook had witnessed too many loaded looks exchanged when Jimin and himself took things too far—a too cold stare, a too clipped reply, a too hard expression. But alas.For some reason Kim Taehyung was still there: It wasn’t only the camera crew and Hoseok as Jungkook hoped would be the case. Still, he managed to sneak in unnoticed. It was on his way out that his bag hit a cup on what-seemed-to-be-turned-into-a-snacks-table. In Jungkook's haste to prevent the cup—which he hadn’t known was only a prop—from spilling over Taehyung's things, he had knocked Taehyung's jacket off the chair.Really, it was all about the most random of acts—a bag bumping, a jacket falling, a jewelry box rolling out.Jungkook didn’t know what he wanted to find when he picked the box up. Was he hoping Taehyung would be unfaithful, or was he hoping he would break the last piece of his heart?It was the latter. There was no mistaking it. Very few people had such a small ring size. And very little things could scream ‘Jimin’ this loudly too.Just how many hits could Jungkook's heart take before it collapsed under its very own weight? Jungkook didn’t know but it was a miracle he could make it out of the studio with his sanity in one piece. This pain carried on from the past and it was excruciating. Just how many times had Jungkook looked at Jimin in Taehyung's arms and thought to himself, But I loved him first.Love connotes pain when it is unrequited, or worse, unreciprocated. The pinnacle of that scale, though, is when you stayed with someone you love—when you chose to remain by their side even though you fully know your stories are written separately, are to be lived out apart, not united. It is so similar to dancing in the rain, so very fun, even though you are more than aware you will catch a cold later.The air was growing thinner and thinner, and the instant Jungkook shut the door of his penthouse, he fell to his knees. Falling to your knees could be because you wanted to express your love, taking your lover in; or wanting to consummate your love, asking your lover for their forever; or apologizing for your sins, begging for your lover’s forgiveness. If he checked off all three, could he go back to the start—dispense with one of those options and forever revel in the other two?Jungkook's take on his relationship with Jimin went along the lines of ‘If I break you, would you be mine?’, but it didn’t matter much anymore: The question might have once been Would I break the thing I love; now it was Would the thing I love break me? Because perhaps that was the core question to everything: Will you ruin the things you love, or will the things you love be your ruin?It was also the latter. It wasn’t the end of it. Jeon Jungkook could only plummet further down from there; and he was spiraling down so hard by the following night—visiting places haunted by memories of the past. It was poetic irony in a way too. This jazz bar was the place where he had last got his heart broken by Taehyung and Jimin's relationship. Or maybe not last, now, considering the engagement ring.It was a place he never thought he would go back to—not after what happened three years ago when he avowed he didn’t want to know a single thing about Park Jimin—and even Kim Mingyu was surprised to see him.
I haven’t seen you in years, how have you been?

Burning.
“Should I ask them to play Lost stars?”Jungkook shook his head tiredly at Mingyu, swirling the liquid in his glass. “Not this time. Those stars imploded.”Mingyu spared a laugh and continued serving Jungkook alright. And Jungkook was there to talk to whoever was there to listen. How could the thing that crowned you also be the thing that crucified you? Jungkook had no idea how he thought he could ever tread in the thorny realm of love, not when Jimin led him into that labyrinth and left him to find his way out. Or maybe Jimin never left him; maybe it was Jungkook who let go of Jimin's hand.“Too many attached memories?”Jungkook studied the young woman to his left—the woman whose eyes seemed to be entertaining the same kind of blue Jungkook’s were indulging in—and he smiled.“Ours for too long.” He said and she clinked glasses with him.“Bastards! They don’t feel like they’ve had enough by just stealing moments and pieces of our lives, so they also have to take what used to be ours.”A sad smile tugged at the corner of his mouth as he brought the glass to his lips, refraining from answering. Really, the trick of constantly conjuring up your ghosts was easy. You had to integrate yourself into their daily routine, leave your mark on something they do often, connect yourself to it so that when you were gone and they were engaging with said thing, your image would pop up; they would hear your voice, they would remember how they felt back then—how you made them feel. Tell them that ice-cream flavour is your favourite, that song, that book, that movie—talk about what excites you and makes your heart beat—and congratulations, you have given them a claim on even bigger parts of your life; those moments with their concomitant feelings were thus forever intertwined—playing like a leitmotif with familiar scenes, even with the varying faces. And perhaps that went both ways: You would no longer be able to associate those mundane activities and small things with none but them—you would no longer be able to pass those moments by without some kind of smile shading your face. Wishful or contented—depending on the genre of your last chapter together.Park Jimin had left his mark on so many things, on so many places, on so many memories, on so many words—he bent and shaped and teased and breathed life into certain words the same way he did Jungkook's heart. An array of memories was tainted the same way the sky above Jungkook's head was—and, hell, even the sun was Park Jimin’s. So, really, where was the escape?The young woman, Mina, had left and others had taken her place; and Jungkook would still talk to whoever would listen. He lost track of how many concerned glances Mingyu had been throwing him after his fourth glass. One drink led to another, a lingering look escalated, and brushing hands gave way to locked wrists. Jungkook remembered not how or when he agreed to this, he remembered not how his back was hitting the stall, and he remembered not how this raven-haired stranger was working his lips against every bare and soon-to-be-bare inch of his body—lips, jaw, crook of his neck, collarbones.He could feel his t-shirt being tucked out—the stranger’s breath against his navel. A laugh.“The nights keep a secret, and they bleed ours too well,” he punctuated his words with another laugh and Jungkook hated how the words sounded on this stranger’s lips. “Cute. Wouldn’t have pegged you for the kind of guys who got poetry tattoos.”He could feel this stranger’s tongue on his pelvis—against the ink—and suddenly he felt thoroughly disgusted with himself. But not enough to push that stranger away. It was again one of those nights, one informed by old agendas—as though every piece of the person he used to be was trying to bleed over the person he was trying to be.How many drinks had Jungkook had? Were they enough to pull the same old trick of conjuring up Jimin? Otherwise how was the familiar face materializing before him? Jimin was saying something—not to him, but to the stranger—and Jungkook was blinking to steady his vision, struggling to keep standing on his feet now that he lost the support that was keeping him upright. Words drifted in and out, Jimin's image flickered: smiling face— no, sharp expression, reaching out hands. Jungkook's gaze was skittering away and he was losing focus more and more.
He’s clearly out of it.

He’s willing.

Just because you invited it. Just call it a night, man.
Hands against his abdomen—warm ones—steadying him. He wasn’t drunk enough because he could still feel the pain. This Jimin leading him out of the bar was no figment of his imagination; he was real and tangible and close, but still unreachable—oh-so-unreachable.Seat-belt now fastened, Jungkook was laughing, turning his wobbly head to the left—to Jimin.“Did I interrupt your time at paradise?” he managed not to slur but Jimin wouldn’t reply; he just started driving. “Is this nuff t’get under yo skin yet?”“Get under my skin—is this really what it’s all about?”“If it’s botherin yo then yuh.”“The only thing bothering me is your insistence to ruin yourself.”“’m not. Merely bleedin here,” A laugh. “You bleed on paper… I on canvas.”Jimin fired him a look. “Well, Jungkook, you're far from home. That was a bar.”The word home was enough to send Jungkook into a laughing fit. It tapered into a cough and soon he was blinking drawlingly, feeling as though he were drifting away at sea.“I was there and I saw, Jungkook, I saw.” A bit of heat crept into Jimin's voice and Jungkook drugged himself on the satisfaction. “When you bleed your heart on canvas, it doesn’t make a mess. It makes absolutely beautiful art, and you know why that is so? Because you're inarticulate except through your art, and your heart has always refused to die unsung.”Standing at distant fringes—trying to reach something even though it only kept slipping away—he started watched Jimin whose edges were limned by the blacks of night, the blacks of Jungkook's. And the elder was still speaking,“Why is it so hard to stay true to that heart?”Because you rejected that heart, Jimin! Again, Jungkook was fighting against a laugh. By then, he could barely make the outlines of Jimin's face as he stared at him—wishfully so. I finally work up the nerve and you quite literally take my heart and toss it in the trash.“…if you have a problem with me, then stop running and just tell me.”Neither the words nor the tone were cruel, but an old knife was twisting in Jungkook's heart. It was blunt and it was rusty from ageing, and it made it all the more lethal. And from the loam of his pain rose a question.“Why?”“Why what?”“Why did you have to fall in love with him?”This needn’t an explanation, and it gave Jimin a pause. As he waited, Jungkook could feel his head getting heavier, vision blurrier. Streetlights were morphing into fits of blue and yellow, horns were growing more distant, angrier, but he could see Jimin's expression contorting all the same. Cars were grinding their way along the road and time seemed to stutter and strobe and everything was moving but, to Jungkook, everything was stuck underwater, wobbly and uncertain and he was once again feeling like a wave panting beneath Jimin's power. And when he finally spoke, it was so slow that Jungkook almost missed it.“Maybe because he was there.”Jungkook was losing his grip on his consciousness and he could swear Jimin had said something—But that never had anything to do with Tae, Kook, did it?“No, hyung.” He rested his head against the window, closing his eyes. “He was jus collateral damage.”
A smokescreen that is now a wall and I can't get around it—I can't get to you.
Jeon Jungkook wasn’t one to do confessions, but when he did, it was one of two things. Either holding on—wanting to see how this ended, to see if it went both ways—or letting go, setting himself free by relinquishing his emotions—by giving them back to their rightful owner. It was hard to get over the first rejection six years ago in Busan, but that night at the bar three years ago pulled his heart apart and rewove it in a new shape. A shapeless one.The details of how he got into bed were by no means clear. He wasn’t sure what his imagination at work was and what reality was. He could feel a hand running through his hair; he could faintly register something that vaguely sounded like an apology—like a kiss to his forehead, as tender as a butterfly’s. By the next time Jungkook came to, Jimin’s hand had been ghosting over his bedroom’s knob. He turned in bed, feeling his bare chest tighten against the crumpling sheets.“Hyung,”Jimin turned around, smiling kindly.“I really wish I hadn’t met you.” There was just so much venom in his cracking voice, and it was sufficient to wipe off Jimin's smile, to replace it with a crestfallen expression that had another emotion implicit in it. “I resent the day I let you into my life.”He turned to face the wall, Jimin's wide eyes and parting lips—trembling before words that never came out—were the last things Jungkook registered. It was the crack of dawn when the pain in his head stirred him awake. Jungkook wouldn’t look in the mirror as he splashed some water onto his face, groggy memories of last night gripping him and clawing at his heart. He still wouldn’t look at any of his reflections as he headed to his bookshelves.There was very little to be done now, and he was focused on that. Jeon Jungkook conjured not a single tear as he watched the flames grow in the kitchen sink, feeding them copy after copy of the same book, just different editions—as if the ending would differ. A book he had read too many times. Flames licked and danced and engulfed the papers, making the pages writhe in agony. The softcover was opened on the dedication page, and Jungkook watched the letters get singed and charred: To Busan’s sea. A day won't come when I'm not drowning in you, but I've had enough. The first time he read that book he was in shambles, holding on to it for years as though it were his lifeline—his breath of life. But not anymore: it was about time he lay his ghosts to rest. Emblems of their feelings, kernels of their truths, testaments to their wounds—Jungkook was torching them all, setting them on fire and watching the flame that had once ardently burned, burn out. Benumbed, he was taking in how the books went up in flames only to crumble down in ashes—ashes that would turn white and cold. Getting to learn how far you could fall was sometimes the only proof of how high they could get you—and angels fall the hardest.Let us leave the sky to bleed. Maybe then it would be impossible to tell whose blood was on whose hands.   Having the same social circles—at least as pertained to the people who really mattered—made it inevitable that Jimin and Jungkook would cross paths often. It was like the past few weeks before delivering his paintings but on acid. They barely acknowledged one another. Most of the time Jungkook wouldn’t even look in Jimin's direction, not just because the breeze blowing by his heart had numbed it, but because he was too shamefaced to meet the stripping look always present in Jimin's sincere eyes.He tried as hard as he could to keep being a functional human being, socially speaking. And that was the only reason why he agreed to this stupid escape room idea with his hyungs. Namjoon made the reservation for a rather late outing, and it was a welcome distraction on Jungkook's part. He could use some intellectual strain and this laboratory-themed escape room seemed to cater to that. He couldn’t help but fleetingly wonder why everyone had such a hard-on for chemistry, though.Jungkook wasn’t particularly early, but only the receptionist was there; none of their group of seven—other than himself—had yet made it to the escape room. It was okay; Tzuyu, the receptionist, was cute and he was happy chatting her up. After fifteen minutes, he went out for a smoke break, for no other reason than killing time. By 23:10, Tzuyu came out and handed him the phone receiver—a call from Namjoon. He was apologizing for running late but was assuring him that Seokjin should be there any minute now so Jungkook should just go into the room if he liked.He was checking his phone as he entered the escape room. Terrible reception. He needn’t look up from his phone to see whom he knew he would be seeing; the perfume had infiltrated into his lungs before the image did his mind. Jimin.Terrible reception indeed.But Jungkook was a grown man. He could do this—he had been doing this for years. They seemed to be holding a conversation as they hooked eyes, neither of them speaking a word, though. On the spinning chair Jimin was sitting—legs crossed with laced fingers curling around his knee—as he seized Jungkook up. The stare wasn’t hard, but it was guarded and Jungkook wanted as far away from it as he could. After a few seconds of this game of theirs, he feigned being busy with his phone and turned his back to Jimin. It wasn’t long before the door was opening and it was Seokjin entering—smiling suspiciously as he chirpily greeted them. He seemed too happy, like he had just buried someone’s body and no one was onto him.Before Jungkook could add two and two together—Seokjin's grin plus his hands that were behind his back—the elder had made his move. Jungkook could hear the first clang, feel the coldness against his wrist—hear Jimin's exclamation mingling with Seokjin's laugh—then a second clang. Incredulous, Jungkook's eyes fell on the handcuffs clasping around his right wrist.“What the hell is this?”“Bondage. Such a turn on, no?” Seokjin winked as Jimin mumbled,“You could’ve at least used the padded ones.”“And risk you guys getting each other’s blood on them as you tear at each other’s throats? I think I’ll pass.”Jimin and Jungkook just stared blankly at Seokjin, neither attempting to pull free. The elder was already putting some distance between himself and the bound pair, which was a sound decision because Jungkook was calculating the force and time needed to pounce on Seokjin in the same maneuver one would make if one was trying to protect another from an explosion. Except that Jungkook would be the explosion.“Is this your idea of discipline?”“Discipline?” Jimin's flat question might have been rhetorical but Seokjin wouldn’t miss out on a chance to get sassy. “I did leave the whip back at home, didn’t I?”Jungkook rolled his eyes, Jimin sighed, and clasping both hands together, Seokjin—with a thin smile—was giving them the breakdown.“I don't know what the hell went down with the two of you but you guys are not strangers and you clearly have some issues to work out. I'm sick of going into a room and feeling like the air is static, I'm sick of my boyfriend being too worn-out each night because he thinks he’s entangled in your drama”—Jungkook was confused but he didn’t miss the warning glance Jimin had thrown Seokjin—“and I'm sick and tired of seeing my friends feeling bad every time they try to make things more friendly but you two are hell-bent on starting a cold war.”Yes. Because this was going to solve it.“You need to sit down and talk it out. And if things get too heated and you need more than just that, make a combined X at the camera and we’ll give you some privacy by turning it off. It’s not like anyone would be watching but I'd still like to have you guys think you have the exhibitionist option.”Seokjin pointed at the timer in the upper corner behind them, mouthing Sixty minutes and then he left.Three options. One, wait out the sixty minutes. Two, work out the puzzles and get out before the sixty minutes were up. Three, break down the goddamn door. Looking at Jimin, whose free hand was burrowing its way into his coiffed hair, Jungkook dismissed the second and third options. He was still contemplating his options—his not-free hand listlessly fidgeting about before he finally let it rest on his hip—when Jimin's voice interjected.“Can you please stop moving your hand around so much?”Jungkook coolly stared at Jimin then silently gestured to the counter, so he could perch on it or whatever and make Prince Jimin contented. Jimin acquiesced, noiselessly pulling his chair nearer to the counter, crossing his legs and facing forward—index and middle fingers on lips and chin respectively. Jungkook just started studying Jimin's despairing profile—his huffed cheeks and calculating eyes—and he couldn’t help the thoughts. A myriad of them, not all having a hostile direction.“We wouldn’t be in this situation if you could’ve just helped me talk Jin-hyung out of this,”“We wouldn’t be in this situation if you could’ve been just a little bit honest.”Jimin pressed a thin-lipped smile and Jungkook let out a humourless laugh.“Oh we’re really playing two strangers take a break from spiting one another to be honest now?”For a number of stretching beats, Jimin fixed Jungkook with a hard stare and the latter was feeling eighteen again. He moved his hand not so gently so he could place it on his knee, causing Jimin to move closer though he wouldn’t break the nonverbal conversation just yet. Every time he snuck a glance at Jimin, he found his gaze waiting, sensing his very own only to meet it with equal frustration. He let a few beats of this drag by before he finally broke under Jimin's smouldering gaze.“What?”“Just how—how did it go from what we were to this?”Jungkook's jaw clenched. “Define this.”“How you're acting”—Jimin motioned with his right hand, expression losing its composure for a second—“The persona you're choosing to play.”“You straight up told me you don’t like the person that I was. I didn’t want any part of this.”Jungkook was defensive and Jimin shook his head—that incredulous look following a small pitying laugh. Jungkook, forced to look away, was feeling pettier and pettier, and Jimin was already speaking—fire to Jungkook's gasoline.“You didn’t even know what you wanted.”“And you couldn’t make up your mind about which of the two options you wanted either.”“But you were never an option—”“Because you made sure that’s how it stays—”Jimin ignored that, still fatly eyeing Jungkook. “Just a tantalizing possibility—the apple from the forbidden tree.”“And who forbade it?” Jungkook finally snapped, daring to meet Jimin's eyes at last. Jimin's jaw clenched and he got to his feet, calmly facing Jungkook—dangerously fueling Jungkook. Despite his war-drums-like heart rhythm, Jungkook was doing his best not to look away, not to wither under that stare—not to give in to the fire blazing within. But when Jimin's voice finally broke the silence, it was the deadly quiet in a stormless night.“You can't set the rules of the game then call foul play when I play by your rules.”“You never played by any rules, you were always playing dirty.” Jimin—side now grazing Jungkook's knee—was starting to protest but Jungkook wasn’t yet done. “Every time I thought I could score, you amended the rules all over again—every time I thought there was hope, you went ahead and shut me down. And then fucking Taehyung happened— Just how could you expect me to do anything then?”Jimin—lips taut, nostrils flaring—made a fist, bumping it in the air right before Jungkook's chest—but it didn’t quite land. He then raised both hands up—palms open—and backed away, putting two steps between them.“Your inaction was an action so don’t play innocent. This is on both of us.”There was a dusky chill in Jimin's voice but it wasn’t enough to quell the fire burning under Jungkook's skin—he was still itching—and so his words were begrudgingly tumbling out.“I'm sorry that I didn’t want to hurt you. I'm sorry that I didn’t want to risk losing you.”Jimin spared one glance to the right, scoffing derisively before holding Jungkook's gaze just as heatedly.“Nice way of twisting the narrative here.”“Right. Because that’s always been my expertise.”“You're pretending that your choice not to confess was because you didn't want to hurt me, but admit it, Jungkook, it was the selfish desire you hid behind, because, after all, freedom sounds so much better.”“Oh no, you of all people don’t get to do that!” Jungkook jumped off the counter but Jimin was holding his ground. Fight or flight. “You knew I really liked you. You knew but at every opportunity you chose to pretend you couldn’t see it because you're no different than I am: We’re both cowards when it comes to our feelings.”That set Jimin laughing. Jungkook hated the sound. When Jimin was done, he took a step forward and the questions resolved themselves in rapid-fire, hiss-accented whispers.“From where should I have inferred that you want me—that you were ready to fight for us? Was it in those times you pushed me away or the times you could never say the words I wanted to hear, no matter how much I begged for you to speak? Each time you just let me die little by little.” Jimin emphasized each syllable of the last sentence and Jungkook was fighting not to flinch. “Right now is the most honest you’ve been. Right now is the first time I hear that you like me, and even now, it’s an offhanded remark.”Jungkook couldn’t believe his ears and he started smiling mockingly, dryly; this was years and years of thinking about Jimin in terms of being the inaccessible other at play now. “Offhanded remark? Are you stuck so far up your books’ asses with their fancy prose that you forgot that not everything has to be verbal? Where is reading between the lines?”“What lines?” Jimin's eyes were afire and they could only kindle Jungkook's blood more. “Yours are always too confusing because you yourself are too confused, Jungkook! And I could never be sure of anything with you. One night it would seem like we could have something meaningful, the following morning you're so indifferent it makes me feel so cheap like we were just a one-night stand.”Jungkook was turning around, derisively parroting Jimin's words, when Jimin tugged on the chain, forcing Jungkook to jerk back and confront his gaze again.“Stop running for once and face me. This is not a morning-after.”Jungkook's tone was equally harsh. “Yet it feels like it with all your mixed signals and controlled narratives.”“All those hints—?” Jimin reeled back, incredulous. “You never gave me a reason and I gave you all the signs in this world, and yet you call them mixed signals?”“What you did is lead me on. You gave me just enough to keep me wanting—wondering. You gave what you thought was safe to keep me there even tho that’s where you had everyone else. Typical Park Jimin, wanting everything at once.”“One of us at least has to know what they want. What were you doing then—what are you doing now?”“Why’s it always that you leave every move up to me?”On taking a step closer—Jungkook could feel the heat of Jimin's frustration scorch his face—Jimin's gaze turned fiercer though his pitch dipped lower.“Because you never once made me feel like you wanted what I have to offer, and you would never offer what I wanted either.”“I fucked up, fine, and I had my reasons.” Jungkook shrugged, not breaking gaze and barely keeping his hands from gesticulating wildly. “But what's your excuse?”There was the slightest cynical tint to Jimin's smile as he tilted his head, voice quiet and deadly.“And what reasons are those? That you didn’t want to hurt me? Or let me guess, it’s that you didn’t want to become like your father, am I wrong? But news flash, Jungkook, there are only so many times you could play the trauma card and you overplayed your hand years ago.”It all happened in a blink—Jungkook gritting his teeth and leaning in; his finger just shy of jabbing Jimin's chest; Jimin not backing away; the words tumbling out.“You accuse me of inaction but you still had a reaction, you still broke every promise—”“I am the one who broke every promise?”“What happened to there never being a second place with you?” Jimin’s jaw tensed and it wasn’t like Jungkook needed that; his anger was gaining momentum. “You can say what you want but at the end of the day I'm not the one who went ahead and fell in love with another, not just once, but twice.”“I can't keep waiting forever, Jungkook!” Jimin threw both hands up, forcing Jungkook's right hand up and causing him to jerk a bit in spite of the sudden movement. He closed the distance again and bore into the younger’s eyes. “We’re not kids anymore, and I'm tired of sitting around letting you make me feel like shit as you figure out what you want! It’s not an exaggeration when I say that you should’ve been so many other things in my story; instead you're the name I almost mention when I talk about how things came apart.”Even though Jungkook was sizzling—matching the fire burning in Jimin's eyes—he was taken aback by how his head reeled back at that last comment, by how his voice caught in his throat.“This is what I am to you?”“You? You ruined me!"“And you think you haven’t?” Years’ and years’ worth of repressed emotions surged forth and he could swear Jimin recoiled at that—that look, that tone, those words, this proximity. His fist was trembling and his voice was ruddied and he wanted to smash something. “You think I don’t look for you in everyone I meet—that my heart has been okay all those years, that breathing was okay, that there was a day when I didn’t wonder why? Or do you think there’s been a day when I didn’t want to call you, to hear your voice—to know that you're fine would be enough? You’ve wrecked me, Jimin.”They were in each other’s faces, breaths apart, quite literally tethered, but the gap never felt as big. Sifting Jungkook's eyes, Jimin swallowed hard, voice dropping to a wisp.“Every time you act as if you're the only one who ended up on the ground, and you talk so intimately of this yearning as if in every chance you didn’t look for a reason to let me go.”“You say stuff like that but every time I let you go all I hear is a sigh of relief.”“Never, Jungkook, you're only reading what you want to see.”“Really?” Jungkook finally broke the quietness of their conversation. He half-turned around, fingers threading his hair, then he turned back to Jimin, staring into those oceanic eyes and willing himself not to get swallowed up. “Because it feels like six years ago all over again. I could kiss you right now, I could let that kiss run wild and take us with it and I could show you I'm not the only one who wants this, I would show you what our real chemistry is. But still, you'd be waking up telling me it was a mistake. And I would agree, just like years ago. And I would swallow my pain for your sake—for my sake. We would never break the cycle, hyung. It won't end, it won't end—it just won't end!”“I messed up plenty but I did not call it a mistake—”“Right, we both did. Because that's the 'right thing' to do. Because for years and years everything made me feel like my feelings for you were a sin.”“Everything, Jungkook, but never me.” Jimin was shaking his head, his voice for the first time brittle, eyes shimmery and hands uncertain. “I never once made you feel like your feelings were a sin.”Eyes cast down, Jungkook was nodding to himself, grateful for that eye-contact-less second of freedom. It didn’t last long: he met Jimin's eyes and he didn’t like what he saw there—what he heard in his very own voice, but it still wouldn’t keep the words in.“Maybe. But you were damn good at turning me into a sinner, and you really drove that one home, hyung. I never could feel like I was good enough for you. I never could be the person you wouldn’t be ashamed of, the person you wouldn’t need a backup plan for. I was always running after you—chasing—and I could never be the person you wanted me to be and that hurt.”“No.” The refutation was quiet—frail—and Jimin’s fist finally bumped into Jungkook's chest, the latter barely registering it. “I never wanted you to be anything—I never wanted you to be more than the person you’re comfortable with, the person you're happy and proud of being. In simpler terms, I never wanted you to be anything but you!”It came unbidden and unrelenting and the pain in Jungkook's heart started playing a new requiem. Jimin's fist was still pressed against his heart and the latter started staring emptily forward, hoping Jimin's gaze wouldn’t breathe life into him, letting himself go numb in peace. But Jimin's hand was tipping Jungkook's chin lower—was leading his eyes back to his beseeching ones, none of the hostile emotions he had shown earlier were in evidence now—and he wouldn’t speak before Jungkook acknowledged him.“It was always like this with you—it was easy to believe that you needn’t learn how to pick up the pieces because you’ve perfected the art of breaking, and the only thing I wanted to show you was that you're more than those pieces. But you reject me, over and over you do. You cling to the pieces and you push me away.”If Jimin's voice had been quiet at that, then Jungkook was compensating for it. He wouldn’t break free of Jimin's hold, but his tone matched his eyes; it was frantic and agitated and saturated with fears he couldn’t quite outrun.“I didn’t push you away, it was just impossible being close to you sometimes—I didn’t want you near me—I was in pieces and you were—”“I was what,”—Jimin's other hand reached for Jungkook's face as he desperately fumbled for the right word—“trying to complete you—to take away your fears?”“No.” It came as weak as his attempt to lower Jimin's hand—that warm hand cupping his face right now—and his eyes were still as wild. “You still can't see it! This—this was how you scared me; you were whole by yourself, you needn’t me—not even one millionth of how I needed you. And that made me scared out of my fucking mind, hyung.”“Maybe—maybe I never learnt how to need anyone, but I wanted you, Jungkook, I wanted you more than anything, so much that you were the first person I wanted to run to whenever I was in seventh heaven and you were also the first person into whose arms I wanted to fall when I sank into my deepest hell—and I don’t care how you label it because if that isn’t need, then I don’t know what is.”Jimin was relentless; he had always been. But it was so unfair: Just where was all of that six years ago? Jungkook wanted to take a million step back, to break free from that gaze—from the sway Jimin had over him, from the stupor into which the words had plummeted him. But, shaking his head as if caught in a lie he desperately wanted to disbelieve, all Jungkook could manage were some choked words—ones that seemed to prompt Jimin's undoing as much as his very own.“Doing this now”—Both of his hands were slowly leading Jimin's down—“You're being really cruel.”“How—how is that being cruel?” Jimin was so wild-eyed, voice cracking with emotions Jungkook couldn’t quite place. “Tell me because the silence is a killer, Jungkook—”Jungkook was still shaking his head—You sentenced my truth and I have no more lies to offer—descending into despair—losing air—and hysteria was creeping its way into Jimin's voice but he wouldn’t let the younger bring his hands down: He was still stubbornly—entreatingly—holding them between their chests, and Jungkook's hands were still fending them off.“Tell me things have changed since we were young—”“Nothing. Nothing has changed, hyung—”“Tell me we’re different people now—”“I'm still the same fuckup and you will still reject me—”“Tell me you'll let me meet you further than halfway—”“We burned all the bridges—”“Tell me this wasn’t all in my head—”“It’s sweeter as a fantasy, you don’t need this—”“Tell me I'm not the only one haunted by how it could have been—”“I'm tired of wondering, I don’t like those what-ifs—”“Tell me it doesn’t end here”—They were still talking over one another, Jungkook’s raw voice brimming with tears and Jimin's frantic one hoarse with emotions—“Tell me I wasn’t cursed with this pain only to turn it into poetry—tell me there’s more to our book.”“You said it yourself, I was a chapter to be forgotten—”“But that's the thing—you were not a chapter, you are the whole goddamn story!” Jimin said with a breath-stealing, heart-bruising force, and Jungkook could swear the words had enough power to have knocked out his heart. He had never seen Jimin ever come this undone. He had never been gazed upon by those kind eyes, true to their essence, with such let-down. Jimin's gaze was burning a path across space, eyes wildly searching on Jungkook's lips for words his heart craved, and Jungkook felt the words die on his heart. His arms felt limp—numb—and Jimin finally freed his hands, eyes trying to call back Jungkook's.“Just what would it take for you to see? How many more books, Jungkook?”Seeing a hash mirage of Jimin, Jungkook felt like crying, but he still wouldn’t grant himself the relief; he was focusing on the pain besieging him, smothering him.“What do you expect me to do, now of all times?”“If you can't figure it out for yourself then this is truly the point of no-return.”“Even if I knew, you’d still slip away. If I were to—”“I will not hinge on a conditional, Jeon Jungkook”—Jungkook's very own voice had hitched but he was most taken aback when Jimin’s voice caught, sounding almost on the brink of tears as he once again got into his face—“I'm not an uncertainty—I am tired of feeling like I'm only wanted in small doses. I am tired of being your probably.”They could be sharing the same breath—they could have been sharing the same breath—but Jungkook was just blankly staring forward as though Jimin were air. So long had passed and he couldn’t conjure a reply. His heart was tallying the minutes—not the clock ticking above their heads. The stoppered void clamoured in Jungkook's heart and he felt emotionally bankrupt, sure that not a secret was left in the world. But they were inevitably easing into it—this silence frayed with pain. On forcing himself to return to the land of the living, Jungkook willed his lungs to draw their much-needed oxygen. He could feel the unbearable upwelling of heartbreak as he stubbornly stared Jimin's pleading eyes. And it was six years ago all over again—silence upon more silence coating brittle hearts. It didn’t matter. Jimin shook his head and slumped into the chair, his arm strained as Jungkook refused to move—to close the distance. He was still shaking his head and Jungkook wanted to perish. Still, his lips numbly managed to work out a question—one that he never thought he would ever have to formulate.“So this is how it ends for us?”For long, long beats, Jimin was silent and the silence weighed too heavy on Jungkook's heart, but the words were no kinder.“Guess so.”Jungkook's hand clasped Jimin's wrist, holding the chain and making sure the metal wouldn’t cut into Jimin's skin. He gave it a hard yank and it broke immediately. He could register the flinch—the intake of breath around which world hung silent—he just wasn’t sure whose it was. The broken metal fell to the dark-tiled floor, rattling—making louder noises than those tiny pieces should have warranted. Jungkook moved to the door—every bone in his body screaming against it—and he punched the glass of the fire-extinguisher compartment for what he hoped was the last key they should have worked together to free. His heart thudded and his hand throbbed, and he wasn’t sure which of them that was bleeding; but the key worked and the door was open. Broken glass crunched under his boots and the shards wept like a broken hymn—creating a disquieting sound that he wasn’t sure how it came into existence.Perhaps that was the sound the pain made—when amidst their hurt pride and pining hearts, two lovers decided they could let go. Perhaps, after all, the blood staining his hand now wasn’t just his. ✦✦✦ It had been five days since Kim Taehyung broke up with Jimin and the latter was still trying to reassemble the pieces of his broken heart—trying to put them back together into anything that made the slightest bit of sense. He spent the first two nights after the breakup home, doing nothing but replaying the scene—playing Taehyung's I'm sorry, I just don’t think I can pretend anymore—over and over in his head and trying to figure out where it went wrong.He thought he didn’t have any more tears left to cry after Jungkook, and in part it was true. It didn’t mean that the wound didn’t run deep, though. Even the best ended and most amicable of breakups still stung. Jimin knew that day was coming: Numerous times he contemplated being the person who addressed the elephant in the room, but he always got cold feet; he didn’t want to lose Taehyung. Ever since he noticed Taehyung's face wasn’t the one that popped into his mind as he watched sunsets and he knew. Just when did he start waking up and wanting to share such stolen and beautiful moments of his life with someone that wasn’t the person in bed next to him? Just when did he have to rethink what he was doing in said bed?For the last couple of months, holding on to Taehyung had been selfish, but Jimin had been scared. And perhaps that was why their breakup cut so deep right now. Because it hinted at a different kind of betrayal. Love being independent of being in love meant that when you became conscious of the flame waning, you had to be brave enough to tell your partner how you felt. You respected them enough—you treasured their heart enough—to have the courage and speak your truth. Even if it hurt you, even if it meant losing them for good. You owed them as much.But Jimin wasn’t the only one afflicted and being eaten alive by his moral and emotional dilemmas. He noticed the warning signs on Taehyung's part ever since his, Jimin's, birthday. The younger would sometimes look at Jimin while the latter was working or doing something so ordinary and his smile would turn so sad—would crumple like a leaf held to a flame. He would look guilty, like someone caught doing something he shouldn’t—stealing something. Or perhaps Kim Taehyung looked like a person committing their lover to their memory. Jimin was familiar with that look, one that screamed and could I ask for some of you, a piece of you to hide, for safekeeping, for old time's sake—for memories' sake? It was one of the looks he had perfected thanks to his old flame.Five years later and Jimin's heart still cracked along the lines Jeon Jungkook had made, even when the last blow was delivered by another.Jimin had been working on the final chapter of Ask the Stars that night, and Taehyung had checked up on him before going to bed, sneaking glances at his screen like he sometimes did.“‘I haven't let go except when you became so far away I no longer found anything to hold on to—except when I reached out and my hand gripped thin air instead of clutching yours, when it felt the nothingness instead of the familiar texture of your skin. But even now, my body might have left your side, but my heart, it gets homesick, it gets cold. The feelings—they linger, they weigh; and I hurt, and I ache.’” Taehyung read, one hand on Jimin's desk, the other on the back of his chair. Jimin put down his glasses and turned his head so he could look at his partner. He could see Taehyung's eyes flicking to the title bar—Alive in My Grave, Angels Rewriting.“I'm really scared of what you'd write if we ever broke up.”Jimin's smile was faint, but he played it off.“What makes you think you didn’t inspire this?”“Jiminie, you straight up told me about your first love. This melancholia is not my doing, I can tell.”“Well, first love is nothing but a euphemism for worst heartbreak.”Taehyung motioned at the screen with an open palm—Obviously. He then moved to bed, avoiding Jimin's eyes. The latter wouldn’t press it. In a couple of days it was bound to go down on its own.It wasn’t un-triggered—Jimin learnt to tell the result of accumulating sadness. It erupted in the most unexpected of times, but it was never unwarranted. It seeped through the cracks during Jimin's birthday—when the two of them dug up Jimin's buried time-capsule of ten years ago and Taehyung’s entire mood was eclipsed but he still tried to play it off for Jimin's sake. But Jimin knew; he was too attuned to those nuances.And it culminated the following day. They were having dinner when Taehyung said, I think maybe we should break up.Jimin's hand had stilled but his heart wasn’t trembling. It was calm—the kind of settled calm particular to times when deep down you had been anticipating a catastrophe and you had just been proven right. Like a broken record, Taehyung's words kept replaying in Jimin's head.
I thought I'd found my soulmate, but guess I'd been wrong.

Tae, what’s it you're trying to say?
Think of it like that. Two are halves of one. The same half can't fit with two different halves because it's been shaped specifically so that its cracks clicked with a designated other, with its long-lost half—with what makes it whole, what makes them whole. The two cracked pieces are designated for only one another.Jimin's vision was getting blurry but he could clearly detect the resignation in Taehyung's eyes, the defeat in his smile. He hated how intimate he had become with those two features typical of a heart that had once loved—a heart that was now losing.Five days later and he could still feel Taehyung's arms around him as he hugged him one last time, his lips in his hair and how they lingered there. He could feel how his very own hands clenched as he returned the younger’s embrace, as he shut his eyes and tried to file away that feeling—to save it for later. It was unfair—how many times Jimin had to lose because his heart still groped among shadows of the past, how it was still haunted by its ghosts.Year after year Jimin would turn his pain into art. Clash of red and black—poetry and pain. Writing, he would have used a red pen, but it couldn’t be that both his pen and he would be bleeding on the pages. When he had finally decided to move on, Jimin had promised his heart a liberation from that pain—from the grip of the past. But somehow Jungkook's face was still the one he saw as he wrote every poem. Jimin loved Taehyung alright, but the love he promised meant he would have to evict Jungkook out of his heart.It wasn’t something that he thought he could do. No matter how hard he deluded himself into thinking he could—he would. Jimin still kept that napkin with the makeshift secret scribbled on it from the ultimatum night. He hadn’t taken it out until now, and the bleeding ink was as vibrant as ever.‘In two slips of paper, I've put forward two questions for my heart. Who is it that you loved, and who is it that hurt you. It replied to both questions in one slip of paper. It was the same name.’Two years ago, before he agreed to giving Taehyung and himself another go, Jimin was still giving Jungkook another chance—one last chance. His hope hinged on Jungkook's love, on the heart that ritually checked Can You Hear My Heart in hopes of finding its lost piece. Every year since his debut book, he waited for Jungkook in the same place, aware that the latter knew he was waiting, aware that the first of every month Jungkook was hearing his heart, was reading the same message on his birthday for two years in a row now. But they say third time is the charm, no? Maybe it would've worked if he waited for yet another year. But 2020 was drawing the last of its breaths and so was an important chapter of his life: Jungkook didn’t show up, and Jimin wasn’t sure if curtains were falling or rising. He only knew that the scenery before his eyes was that of his heart falling apart.But he had done this dance so many times. He had avowed he wouldn’t waste his time on those who chose to let him go. He avowed this was the last chance. And so, he texted Taehyung—who had asked him out a couple of nights before and Jimin told him to give him a few days to sort some things out—as promised, with his location and the two were exiting the bar officially as partners.And it was working. Until it wasn’t.Jimin crumpled that napkin and tossed it into the trash. There was a certain aftertaste to hating that person you once loved. And for the first time in so long, Jimin was crying in the dark of the night—for everything broken, for everything that broke him. ✦✦✦ ~[20]What does it take for a life to spiral out of control? To Jungkook, the answer was ‘a kiss.’Jungkook's twentieth year was by far and so far his worst. Roaring twenties going on strong.He was so angry and so bitter and just so fucking done.Was this the natural product of when you and your tipsy-slash-sleepy childhood friend share a cab at night and said friend kisses you and you kiss him back, feeling every bit of you wanting this, feeling things unspooling within you? He could still taste Jimin's lips that came unbidden—those plump lips that tasted like sweet, sweet hidden promises and forbidden possibilities. He could recall how taken aback he was by the gesture yet how naturally his lips reacted—how his hands held Jimin, about to lead the kiss further. He could feel the coldness of having to stop himself, of how he betrayed his heart or his heart him. He could still hear Jimin's giggle ring in his ears, recall the feel of him slipping away, surrendering to sleep. He could remember the whine Jimin made when he laid him on bed, how impossible it was to leave. And most of all, Jungkook could recall the morning after, with a hungover Jimin wondering what had transpired during moments of semi-consciousness.
Fuck, just how much did I mess up yesternight?
And of course Jungkook would say Jimin didn’t mess up—Nothing much happened, you're good.Was every given opportunity nothing but a scam? Was this a sign?Jimin had Taehyung. He had Taehyung, what could Jungkook do? He would die before he became a home-wrecker. That was the only lesson he got to learn thanks to his father. That kiss alone was a transgression of its own league—was something Jimin messed up.But still, it was turtles all the way down from there.Days of sleeping around and missing classes and being rejected and experimenting with all kind of shit finally culminated in a bonfire—a beautiful, hungry fire. Near the dumpster on campus he stood, feeding the flame yet another Soju bottle as the witching hour approached. Jungkook was burning all of his finished paintings and all the sketches he had in his dorm room. It was a surprise that he texted Jimin back with his location when the latter had inquired about his whereabouts. Well, this time, Jungkook wasn’t hiding.And like the fire, their argument fomented.
So you're just going to burn everything you ever cared about to the ground?

Nothing matters, why should I care?

I'm really tired of doing this, Jungkook.

Then don’t. Whatever it is, stop caring. I'm not worth caring about.
Silence.
So what's it gonna be, join me in burning my shit, or beat it. I know you don’t like choosing but you might just have to at some point.
But of course saying that to Jimin would be akin to having a death wish. Jimin was approaching Jungkook, flames dancing in his eyes. He stopped just a breath short of him, hands balling into fists between them—unsure of what to do. He grunted and put some distance between them, giving Jungkook his back then soon turning back to him.“What is—what is beneath all of this?” He motioned wildly at Jungkook, frustrated.Jungkook refrained from replying, not for lack of an answer, but because all he could find beneath this was emptiness. Emptiness was better than every other emotion that pulsed beneath it. And ‘this’ was better than that. The inaccessible that. But of course Jimin wasn’t done; he never knew when to quit.“Why are you making me feel like we’re back at the drawing board, like this never happened, like w—”“Like what, hyung? Like we never happened? Because did we, ever?”Jimin was unflinching, gaze unapologetic. “So simply like that you're erasing years of history between us?”“I'm not erasing anything. I'm just sinning in a different way than yours, and that’s what's really bothering you.”“And how am I sinning?”Jungkook wanted to laugh—he almost did. His smile was so cynical as he approached Jimin, staring his almost black irises and watching a vague blurry figure in them. The two didn’t—wouldn’t—couldn’t—always say what they meant, but the ghost of the question loomed anyway.“If you want to know then tell me what is this history you're talking about? If you were to write us, how would you speak about us?”He was still looking Jimin deep in the eye and waiting for an answer. When none came, he let out a sound that was half a laugh, half a snarl.“Of course.” He was shaking his head, bitterness filling him—egging him on. “Because you know what? That’s always been the kind of person that you are. You want to be everyone’s special someone but you won't let anyone be yours. You can't admit it. And you get hurt when you get a taste of your own medicine. Because, hell, people should always make you their exception, but you'd never give more than a part of yourself, no?”“A part?” Jimin's eyes were sharp and colourless, like broken glass. “I gave you a rare gift and yet you do nothing but reject it—reject me. You keep tossing away everything important and act out when things don’t go your way. I offer my hand and you slap it away!”“Because it never felt like it was particularly out for me. It felt like it was there for whoever would take it.”“Just because your approach to things and mine are different it doesn’t mean that everything—that everyone—is the same for me.”It was a borderline hiss and the fire was crackling loudly and long incriminating shadows were cast along inscrutable expressions and Jungkook was holding his head for dear life, feeling months and months of frustration—of bitterness, of being driven closer and closer to the edge—threaten to overwhelm him.“Stop doing that—”“Then stop looking away—” Jimin was closing the distance and Jungkook was taking equal steps backwards, one hand held up.“Just don’t—”“Stop running.”“—You waltz in every now and then and do nothing but confuse me, and I just can never win with you!”“I confuse you? Jungkook, everything feels like a game with you and you're too blind to see that I feel like I'm constantly losing.”“Then quit the game.”Jungkook wanted to stop talking; he was seething and he was saying things that he knew he was bound to regret. Jimin was staring back at him just as unyieldingly but Jungkook was beyond breaking.“You don’t have to fix me just because you don’t like me. I am never going to be someone who lives up to whatever fantasy image you have of me. You can't keep taking a single piece and replace it with another because you think it’ll look better this way.”“I am not replacing it with anything. Those are all your pieces, Jungkook.” Jimin was shaking his head in commiseration and Jungkook wanted to perish. “You're a grown-up, you're allowed to make your own choices, and I let you break however you want. All I'm trying to do is keep you from reassembling those pieces in the wrong places, trying to remind you of the person you were.”So many unsaid words fought for emancipation in that exchanged look. Each was holding his ground, pleading in his own way, but how could two souls move from the shadows and into the light—how could they get so close to the fire without burning up? The weight of shame was cozying up in Jungkook’s chest and he was the first to break, his voice quiet.“Well, this is who I am now. Love me or leave me.”Jimin looked at the ground, nodded twice to himself, then let his eyes travel up to meet Jungkook's again.“You know Jungkook that I always chose to love you”—his voice lost every trace of its former edginess; it was plain tired now—“but right now I don’t really like the person that you are.”Jungkook shrugged his shoulders, feeling his throat raw as he swallowed. “Guess that answers my question. And solves your problem.”The flames were dancing wilder than ever and Jimin was just staring him. He let that look transpire between them for long, long beats. He then shook his head and started disappearing into the shadows, leaving Jungkook to burn. It was the first time their silence extended for so long, and the more days passed, the more aggressive they became. Or passive-aggressive. Jungkook was just tired of feeling like shit, tired of not being good enough, tired of his mind—tired out of his mind. Ego and hurt were some of his worst enemies right now, and he hoped they would be his doom because he was just this tired.It was midterms’ season, yet Jungkook was at his third party that month, and this time, he wasn’t alone; and Jimin was there too. They hadn’t spoken since the bonfire night, not with words anyway.Maybe it was the trance music, maybe it was the Ecstasy, maybe it was the fog machine or the neon light-sticks, but the result was that Jungkook was in the mood to ruin something beautiful. He was dancing, slipping from one partner to another and pretending not to notice Jimin. There was no way Jungkook could ever not notice Jimin—and surely not while the latter was on the dance-floor. Jimin was dancing with Taehyung, really feeling himself and hitting every single beat; and Jungkook was sure Jimin could tell he was watching. They had caught eyes a number of times after all.This time when their gaze hooked, Jimin’s eyes turned dark and he pulled Taehyung into a kiss. And soon, two were playing this game. Jungkook might not know the guy’s name, but he got acquainted with every inch of his mouth. Jimin was kissing Taehyung, and Jungkook was kissing some random dude, and Jimin was looking Jungkook in the eye and Jungkook wouldn’t look away from Jimin's eyes. He wasn’t sure if the way he was kissing this stranger was serving his vendetta, or was eye-fucking Jimin.By the end of the night, he was positive he wasn’t the only one ending in a bed that wasn’t his. Four weeks into this cold war and Jungkook was being drained out. Self-destruction is an art he had down to a line, but it gets tiring after a while. He needed a place to rest his head and that place was often, if not always, Jimin's shoulder.He had noticed that Jimin didn’t look at the top of his game either. He would run into him in the cafeteria or between classes and he would feel little hostility emanating from him. They still wouldn’t talk. It wasn’t until three days of this that Jungkook noticed Jimin wasn’t wearing his necklace—the necklace Taehyung had given him for his last birthday.The Jungkook of the past month would have garnered some satisfaction from that. But that wasn’t who he really was. This was what people failed to understand—and perhaps what Jungkook wasn’t aware of in explicit terms yet. Loving someone should be independent of how you cared for them—caring for someone was unconditional enough to transcend the earthly bounds of circumstances and time, of differences and disputes. If they were going through a rough time then you set aside your differences and stood by them. Your differences didn’t undo your relationship; they didn’t pause your feelings; they didn’t ruin your relationship.And so, Jungkook was taking a seat across from Jimin's, speaking out his mind without any filters.“I don’t want to fight anymore.”Jimin closed his book and looked up at Jungkook, gauging his expression.“And?”“And I'm an asshole, I'm sorry about that.” Jungkook essayed a smile, feeling better already but not completely relieved. Not yet. Jimin arched an eyebrow—And?—so Jungkook, smile lopsided yet hopeful, continued. “But I'm your asshole?”Jimin breathed out a laugh. “Damn right, Jeon Jungkook, you are.”Really, making up was so easy. They should have known that with them, things would always be this easy. Always.   Uni’s book club had arranged a trip and Jimin invited Jungkook. The latter didn’t have many expectations because he guessed Taehyung was also Jimin's plus-one, but by the time it was him sitting next to Jimin on the bus, with no sight of any Kim Taehyung’s, Jungkook had had to reconsider.It had been three nights since they made up, and Jungkook, noticing the missing necklace still, wouldn’t yet comment on it. He wanted to tread this carefully—correctly.Jimin and Jungkook were sitting on a beach-towel on the sand, watching the overlapping waves crash not far away from their feet and listening to the symphonies of the night. Their chatter as always was full of this and that—was full of laughter, of teasing. Until of course it wasn’t. Turned out that trouble in paradise was in part because of the future—I want to travel around the world, write about it. I don’t want to be chained, you feel me?But Kim Taehyung was scared about what that entailed for their relationship.It was the first time Jungkook related to Taehyung. Or maybe not the first after all; he was dating Park Jimin after all—he was in love with him. But still, Jungkook wouldn’t come in the way of Jimin's dreams. It wasn’t the first time he would be running to catch up with him, anyway. It was okay.“I even considered following your approach,” Jimin nudged Jungkook playfully, demanding his attention as well as his gaze. “Making a list and all.”“Of all the reasons you and Taehyung should break up?”“Well we might be heading there so that’s kinda settled.”Jungkook smiled only because of Jimin's giddy smile, not because he was gloating. Jimin and Taehyung were always clear about what they wanted in their relationship—from it—and they might have been in love, but was that enough?“Well then. Consider me your paper, Jimin-ssi, why wouldn’t you want to travel?”Giggling, Jimin said, “Because it means leaving here.”“That’s one reason.”“It’s enough of a reason.”Jungkook grinned and looked at the sea, wondering how to stay true to his heart without messing things up.“I'm really gonna miss you if I go,”He looked at Jimin and he let his eyes communicate the message: He would miss Jimin even more.The wind was breathing low and Jungkook took a lungful of the bracing sea-air. He then started carving numbers in the sand with the stick he had by his side.“If you could have three selfish wishes, which wishes would you make?”“Ooo,” Jimin clasped his hands excitedly, eyes lighting up in the night—eyes which seemed to hold all the mysteries of the universe in their depths. “What could you do, my genie in a bottle?”“Whatever you ask for, I'd be willing to give you.” Jungkook drawled with a slow smile, soon letting himself get lost in Jimin's laugh.“But you'd already given me the sun, Jungkook-ssi.”“I gave up the sun for you.”“Then how better could this get?”“Try.”Jimin bit his lip. It wasn’t pensive; it was flirty.
I want you to become shorter than me so you could unclench a bit.

Glad you know that would be easier than asking me to make you taller.

Well you know, I could use a few inches.
If it wasn’t for the suggestive tongue-running over lips, Jungkook might have refrained from saying the cliché line of ‘That’s what he said.’ But Jimin started it. And it was a whirl of eyes wet with laughter shining in the moonlight and a series of chasing after one another with waves washing away their footprints and close calls falling into waters and surprise attacks unravelling in giggles and backhugs and jumping over backs for rides back home. Really, Jungkook would give Jimin the universe—he would give it all up for him.When Jimin hopped off Jungkook's back, he grabbed the stick the latter had been using as both a brush and a cane and pointed it in Jungkook's face—making his second wish.“I want another Jungkookie,”Jungkook laughed. When Jimin didn’t follow up, he wiggled his eyebrow wryly. “Why, did the original one wrong you?”“Never. I just want another one… for safekeeping.”“That would really tip the scales holding the universe in balance, why would you ever do that, hyung?”“Because you smell of the ocean and home, Jungkook.”There was no surprise in that attack, and Jungkook was surprised he was reacting the way he did—that he was merely looking at Jimin with a smile plastered on his lips, a feeling of longing crashing against the underside of his ribs. Because there they were, feet in the sand, hands brushing, and eyes locking. The wind was blowing by, unearthing everything buried in the sand. Jimin's eyes stared back Jungkook's, and as they unlocked things in one another, the world seemed to fall silent, its eyes turning abashedly away from the intimacy—the intensity—of the look exchanged, quietly writing the moment down in the book of Fate and letting it live forever and ever on.Because the two of them sure wouldn’t.There was only so much Jungkook could take, and so, he hoped the rest of their journey back to their respective rooms would go smoothly.It almost did.Jungkook did indeed bid Jimin goodnight, afterimages of Jimin's smile as he shut the door haunting his mind. But somehow, halfway to the elevator, he was turning back. By the time he made it back to Jimin's room, he could hear the door being opened. The two almost bumped into each other.“Just once.”Jungkook hardly made a case, but Jimin’s hand was already fisting his t-shirt, pulling him inside; and Jungkook was using the momentum to grant Jimin's last wish—his unspoken wish—his hand behind him to lock the door.Everything was heightened and everything in Jungkook was afire. Nothing computed but how you plus me equaled us—a great us.He was falling.
You, 

You; 

You and I. 

Us. 

Not you, not me. 

Us, us; only us. 

Always us.
It was bound to be a rough fall, but only because Jungkook made sure Jimin wasn’t there to break his fall.



Disorder



~[20]Leaving Jimin to wake up to an empty bed? Jungkook wasn’t sure if that was the first of a string of bad decisions, or the second of them; however, he knew it wouldn’t be the last. He made his way quietly to his room and that was when he proceeded to make the rest of his series of bad decisions, one that was bound to undo him. The first was when he refused to take control of the narrative.He had managed to avoid Jimin until the bus ride back home. It didn’t take much effort since Jungkook was already undergoing his own hell, a certain question taking the microphone of his inner dialogue—What have you done what have you done what have you done.Had Jimin been right about this too; was he becoming everything he hated? Of all the things he could have done, he ended up getting involved with an involved man? There were so many layers of wrong to yesternight’s act, but Jungkook chose to fixate on the betrayal dimension. It was easier than having to think about anything else. Everything else.Jungkook hovered on the headrest of his seat, watching the unaware Jimin text while he listened to some music. Still practicing his lines, he caught the chat head-bubble in Jimin's phone—Taehyung. Of course that would be the person Jimin was texting. Jungkook wanted to bang his head against a wall: what the fuck had he done? Two different poisoned daggers twisted in his heart, and little did he know whose poison was going to spread faster to kill him.He then flopped down on his seat, hardly registering Jimin's warm smile as he unplugged his earphones. Jimin's hand had barely moved to Jungkook's thigh, to squeeze his knee—a borderline innocent gesture that Jimin had been practicing for years; but Jungkook just couldn’t do this right now.“You weren’t there when I woke up,”“Had to clear my mind, a lot to think about.” Jungkook's gaze was shifty and he jutted his chin out in the direction of Jimin's phone. “Taehyung?”Jimin was smiling wryly. “Confessing my sins. Have to clear things up too.”“Am I one of them?”“Kim Taehyung will never know about you, Jeon Jungkook.”Jungkook’s body still wouldn’t unwind from its flinch, and he didn’t know why on earth Jimin was smiling at him this knowingly—as though he were privy to a secret Jungkook would never be in on. Guilt had long been sitting like a weight in his chest, but now it had a companion. Time seemed to have stopped for Jungkook: He was only smiling because he couldn’t yet go to pieces, and Jimin's playful expression didn’t flag. There was another emotion buried in his eyes; Jungkook was trying to interpret that look but failing. And he soon dropped his gaze. It took a few beats of the anxious heart psyching itself up for its owner to finally speak.“Listen, yesterday was—”“A one-time thing, remember?”Eyes cutting to Jimin's playful ones, Jungkook swallowed hard, and he was soon feeling a stabbing sensation in his chest. He then nodded slowly, attempting at a smile of his own.“Yeah, yeah. A mistake.” There came the forced inversion of laughter—Glad we’re on the same page here. And perhaps he shouldn’t have looked away; perhaps he should have looked at Jimin. Seen him.But Jungkook was sinking into himself. Of course. Of course to Jimin it was no more than a one-time-thing—a stupid mistake. Was this relief he was feeling?Even though Jimin was still smiling at him, Jungkook still felt like he was being gutted. If he had got to finish his Yesterday was sentence, how would he have ended it?Did he want to end it?  The second was when he chose to hurt Jimin.Things were back to normal, as normal as being a one-night-stand to someone you were thinking about night and day could be. Jungkook still couldn’t rid himself of feeling filthy. Not because of the holy night, but because acting normal around Jimin felt like the worst kind of treason committed against himself. How was he still smiling and joking and even sometimes flirting around Jimin when none of those things should feel as casual—when he couldn’t entertain how not-casual they were because Jimin was still involved with Taehyung?Except that Jungkook had been wrong. Jimin barely spoke about Taehyung and the necklace never made its way back around his neck. He wanted to ask—yearned to know—but he felt beat; on all levels of the word, he felt beat. Enough disturbance of the universe already. And it was easy—oh-so-tempting—to revert back to old patterns, to fall back into old bad habits. Jungkook was fighting the bitterness with emptiness; it was better to feel nothing than risk hating Jimin.And another one of his nights was again strobe lights. Only that it was just slightly different that night. Kind of expected concerning this was a party thrown in a bar; nothing could be ‘normal’ about it.The man of his nightmares was dancing with some girl as though they were alone in the room. Jungkook wasn’t sure what was happening, but by the time he was ordering a drink at the bar, Kim Taehyung was taking the stool to his left, fanning his face with his hands.
My god, the music here is awful.
Jungkook glanced to his left, trying to make sense of the situation.“I think they're just playing whatever gets the crowd to dance.”Taehyung laughed. He had a nice laugh and Jungkook found little wonder in how Jimin felt attracted to such a person—someone with such swiftness to laughter and such openness in his smile.“They should be playing something that gets them in a DTF mood,”“You can't imagine yourself getting down on someone to this kind of music?” Jungkook sipped on his drink, and Taehyung was already smirking—eyes full of game.“Depends, am I going down on you?”He was taken aback—literally—but maybe it was the liquor getting to his head that made him laugh instead of pull back. Taehyung too was laughing, biting his lip and inviting everything uninnocent—unholy, defiled, profane—to join the chat.“Hi, I'm Kim Taehyung,”“Jeon Jungkook.” Jungkook reciprocated, waiting for the recognition—the regret, the guilt, the pulling away. But nothing came. Only some distant familiar claws flirted with the notion of digging into his heart.It didn’t make sense. But very little had been making sense in Jungkook's life lately. He and Taehyung were talking casually; Jungkook was finding it easy to talk about all the things that didn’t matter with someone who was technically a stranger—someone who didn’t know him, who didn’t know about him. But after a couple of drinks, Taehyung's smile was waning, and he was telling Jungkook that he was out celebrating getting scouted, and that today also happened to be his fourteen-month anniversary, except that his partner had broken up with him.You would think this made Jungkook's night lighter—life easier; but no, quite the contrary. It didn’t really take much to break Jungkook. You never knew how the words that made your heart twitter could be the same ones that brought it to its knees until it wasn’t your favourite person saying them.
Look, I usually don’t do it like this, but you're really pretty and I want to press my face to yours.

So it has nothing to do with you being sad tonight?

Nope, and has little to do with me being horny. It’s all about your beautiful face.
Laugh. Do you promise?“On the last echo of my soul.”Really, that was all it took. Jungkook was feeling so many things and he knew this was the part he gave in to self-destruction’s seductive touch. And so, he wasted little time; he was already kissing Taehyung. There were so many levels of hell, but Jungkook didn’t know how torturous the one he had sunk to really was. It was an ugly dance—clumsy and offbeat and producing little music—and it was pain without its pleasure. Jungkook couldn’t feel anything; he could barely register anything—not Taehyung's lips on his, not his back against the wall, not the pain of when Taehyung pushed him onto bed—pushed into him—not his hand tainting Taehyung's skin, not Taehyung bruising his, not anything.Jungkook's feeling register had switched off. All he knew was that Jimin had hurt him and he now got to hurt him back.  The third was when he deliberately amplified the hurt.Jimin had told Jungkook a couple of days ago that he and Taehyung had broken up, that they need to figure things out. Part of Jungkook wanted to chide him for how he handled the situation—how his benumbed heart acted on its pain instead of what had been blooming inside for years. Just when did he become in the habit of saying things he didn’t mean, hurtful things—not because they were scathing but because they were indifferent, cold?Jimin didn’t look his best and Jungkook figured he didn’t feel his best either; and he really wished he could be there to nurse Jimin's broken heart. But alas, Jeon Jungkook’s emotions were scattered and numb; he was too numb to care. If anything, he was making matters worse.They were sitting in the cafeteria, Jungkook pretending he could cram for finals as he hunched over his art history book. Jimin was still trying his hand at a civil conversation. Pettiness allowed Jungkook only so many chances and he might have used up his about three passive-aggressive replies ago. Jeon Jungkook would have never guessed he had the capacity, but the past week, since the day he felt stomped all over and torn to pieces, proved him wrong.He snuck up a glance, no longer making do with hearing Jimin complain and sufficing with giving the elder shit. His eyes fell on the wide-jawed glaring Jimin who was staring up the person who had just slipped him their number. Said person was backing away, making the call me universal sign as Jimin shook his head, tired.“This is the third person who passes me by today and either downright harasses me or tries to.”“I'm sure this is making your life hard.”The words had slipped out before he could control himself, but if he were to do a retake, he doubted he wouldn’t do it all over again. He had to briefly look up from his book, and he found Jimin studying him. His eyes weren’t hard, per se—not that Jungkook would blame him—but there was caution there, something Jungkook hadn’t witnessed when it came to the two of them before. Jimin leant back, putting more distance between them. He looked like someone who was, not unsure of what to say or afraid of what he might find, but, someone who finally made peace that things had come to this.“Why are you being like this?”“Define like this.”There was a pause. Jungkook was sure Jimin was doing that frustrated lips-pressed of his.“Are we okay, Jungkook?”Jungkook's eyes flicked up long enough to press a smile. “Yeah. Peachy.”“I don’t believe you.”“Sounds like a you problem.”“See, why are you being like this?!” Jimin, palms facing one another, was pointing his open hands at Jungkook, frustrated. “You've been so… cold lately. It’s really impossible to have a conversation with you!”“This doesn’t call for a conversation. You're a free man now, and all I implied is that there's no smoke without fire.”Jimin blinked a few times, words hanging from his lips. And when he spoke, his voice, despite his steady gaze, cracked.“You told?”“I’m not the one who cheated, hyung. Even when I knew it leads to nothing.” Jungkook's jaw was clenched, and the words were out before he could stop them. Jimin had flinched and the stubborn silence seemed to probe Jungkook on—just in the wrong direction. He closed his book and gave Jimin his undivided attention—which just meant he could be more openly hostile.After all, this—Jungkook kissing and telling—was one fine conclusion to arrive at.“Do you know what the juniors are saying about you?”Jimin's voice was flat. “I have a feeling you're about to enlighten me.”“They’re saying you’re stringing two guys along because you can’t make up your mind about which dick is better.”Flinch.“And you believe that?”“Maybe I do.”Jungkook was crossing so many lines right now and he knew it, but he was beyond the point of caring. Pain numbed the sensitivity areas in your brain.“You don’t mean that.”“Why, it’s true.” He shrugged easily. “Or is it even now that you fucked both you still can't tell?”“Ohkay.” Jimin attempted a laugh, his voice breaking as he rose to his feet. “Guess that makes my decision to leave much easier. Thanks.”Jimin was locking eyes with Jungkook as he grabbed his bag and left the table. And Jungkook watched him leave.Jungkook let him leave. The rumors? There were more to the story than what Jungkook handpicked to hurt Jimin with, and it did more damage to his heart than his hyung’s. Juniors—like anyone, really—wanted a chance with the Park Jimin, but with seeing so little of Taehyung and with Jimin's friendliness that people often mistook for flirtation, word was lately getting around that Jimin might be double-timing his steady boyfriend with a steady side-hoe. Speculations were easy to make, and the standing joke was that it had to be someone really good in bed else how could one have eyes for anyone but one’s boyfriend, especially when said boyfriend was someone like Kim Taehyung?During a recent drinks outing, one of Jungkook's colleagues dug for information, saying that the bestfriend should know the tea—joking, of course, that this would be the case if Jungkook and Jimin were still actually more than mere casual acquaintances now, if their bond hadn’t weakened in university—and a decent number of heads at the table were shocked that, quote unquote, someone like Jimin was associated with someone like Jungkook. And of course Jungkook just smirked it off, despite the burn in his heart that had nothing to do with the drink in his hand. It was then that he became most conscious of something he had long been rationalizing—when he wasn’t pretending it wasn’t there, of course—it was then that it struck him most brutally how often hanging out with Jimin was an off-campus activity, as though it were something done in hiding, in the shadows. But his defense-mechanisms had long drilled into him how to justify a situation when he failed to ignore it. Because that was just easier than owning up to a long-standing problem and having a conversation that could risk washing away his sandcastles. The jokes—the speculations—were still circulating around the table, getting louder, cruder, and Jungkook just wanted to more than mentally check out.But horny boys never knew when to stop, did they?C’mon you guys he doesn’t seem the type and Yea man I'd want to marry him not just fuck him and Well if Park Jimin was open to either, trust me, this shithead over here would’ve long tried his luck.It was the last comment that elicited a reaction from Jungkook, though he just gave another wry smile which accentuated that cocksure expression of his. Funny how he had perfected his mask like that when he hated wearing it. And soon his guilty conscience and alcohol-compromised brain were playing tricks on him: He thought someone at the table insinuated that the bestfriend might in fact be the other man, and he was at the point of replying when his friend interjected, giving Jungkook more time process what had been said and realize he had been mistaken. Though said friend’s words—him saying such couldn’t be because Jimin was keeping his other man in the shadows so he must be someone he was ashamed of being with—weren’t doing Jungkook any favours.Because, well, he wasn’t incorrect.  When Jungkook relatively got over himself and tried to mend things, he somehow managed to add salt to the wound. On a cognitive level—and an emotionally distressed one—he understood he had little time to work with because, with the last exam behind him, Jimin's flight was in four nights. But Jeon Jungkook was years away from the psychological progress needed for that one last confrontation.Still, there he was, at Park Jimin’s door, playing it by ear. And Jimin wouldn’t even let him into his house. He had shut the door behind him and met Jungkook in the yard, arms folded. A few feet rested between them.“You blocked me.”Jungkook sure knew how to make a great start. Jimin didn’t react so he tried again.“Look, I just want to talk.”“Is this the part where you come up with a million excuse but still not take responsibility for your actions?”Jungkook felt a number of muscles tense in his body—fight or flight.“I said I was sorry, okay?”“No you did not, and no you are not.” Jimin said through clenched teeth, his body was unwinding, causing him to take an involuntary step closer to Jungkook.“Yes because you'd know how I feel more than myself.”Jungkook hadn’t weighed this one carefully, and it showed in the cold stare with which Jimin was appraising him. After a few anxious beats, Jimin's voice saved Jungkook's sanity.“What are you even apologizing for, Jungkook?”“For hurting you.”“Oh you'll have to be a bit more specific.” That sound aiming at a laugh which Jimin made cut like knives. “Because I'm not sure if you're referring to basically calling me a whore, or that one time you walked all over me by sleeping with my boyfriend.”It was Jungkook's turn to flinch. Did Taehyung tell? Why would he? They were broken up anyway, why would Jimin care? Before Jimin's taut expression and stern eyes, Jungkook felt his smile become lopsided—his defenses going up.“You know it doesn’t mean anything— I mean you and I are the biggest proof sex doesn’t mean anything.”Jimin was laughing. It was so off and so painful to watch. He looked at Jungkook—who shoved his hands in his pockets to keep from fidgeting—and shook his head pityingly.“Sex—an intimate act of fusing two bodies and souls—does not mean anything?”“See, you're overdoing it now. It’s not like I promised him anything, or him I. Same story with you and I—we were in it for funsies and we understand when and where it should end. That night meant nothing.”“Has it ever occurred to your brilliant mind that maybe it doesn’t mean nothing to the person you slept with?”Jimin was practically hissing and despite the warning—the screaming—going off in his head, Jungkook was still speaking. Somehow this no longer felt about Kim Taehyung and Jungkook was becoming too charged—too aggressive.“It’s not my problem someone chose to be delusional. I told you there's no smoke without fire, right? Well there’s a reason why word’s out that I only do one-night stands. Sex means nothing. You shouldn’t be too hung up over this.”Five years into the future—one even—and Jeon Jungkook would be able to tell exactly when it all went to crap. Exactly when he had royally fucked-up.“Fuck this, Jungkook. Not everything is fun; life’s not a game and people aren’t toys! You don’t get to play with their feelings like this.” Having closed the distance, Jimin was now jabbing a finger in Jungkook's chest as he stared him square in the eye; and the latter could swear no fire scathed as painfully. “You knew I love him, but you still slept with him. You wanted to hurt me.”This time, a crack was made in the mask: Jungkook flinched, not because of the tone, not because of the finger. I love him. When he mustered up his voice, the words scrambled out small and unpromising—choked and threatening to moisten his eyes.“This is not fair, hyung,”“I don’t have the luxury to be fair right now. You made sure you’ve exhausted my capacity.”“What do you want me to say, then?”Jimin shook his head, a sigh escaping his lips. He looked at Jungkook as though he were an inexhaustible idiot; and perhaps the latter needed things spelt out for him. And perhaps that question should have done it.“When will you ever stop being the black paint, Jungkook?”For a number of long beats they just stared one another. And soon Jimin was turning around and walking back into his house.“C’mon, hyung. You can't leave like that!”“Then give me a reason to stay.” Jimin turned sharply, breathless.And Jungkook was gritting his teeth. They locked eyes and Jungkook could swear Jimin's were drowning the city.“Why should I stay, Jungkook?”So much, so much Jungkook wanted to say What's it you're asking of me? but of course he stood mutely, emotions gripping his heart and crowding out his lungs. Since when had being around Jimin been all about breathlessness—the painful kind of breathlessness?What happened when one couldn’t see forgiveness and the other couldn’t see the crime?Forever was slipping away. Jimin was walking away. He paused when he reached the door, speaking over his shoulder. And so much did the quiet in his voice mirror that of a canary’s in a cave.“I thought we could wait for the storm to end, but I've really had enough, Jungkook.”The door was shut. The curtains were falling down and Jungkook was centre-stage unable to remember his lines and unable to walk away.This was how it ended. They decided they would let their pride and hurt ruin everything they had.  Just who were to blame for this? For so long Jungkook had a face to point his finger at, avoiding the real problem underneath, but now what? Without Taehyung in the equation, would he have handled things better—could he even handle things? He was confused and he still couldn’t make much sense of anything, and venturing into unknown lands did nothing to help both his fears and confusion. Still, he felt a distant voice echoing his hearts’ wants, and so much did those pleading words sound like Park Jimin’s name.And three nights of being torn apart finally spurred Jungkook into action. His hands were shaky at first, but the more strokes he made—the more of his heart he poured into his painting—the less scared he felt, the more certain his heartbeat sounded. And he could only hope it wouldn’t be another one of those things he touched only to ruin.He wished he had acted sooner, had done some damage-control that would have made this much easier. One call or one message would have been fine, but Jimin had long blocked his number.It seemed as though the universe were conspiring against him. When he reached the Parks’ house, it was only Jimin's father who was there—Sorry, son; he’s running on a tight schedule and he realized he had forgot to run an errand. Even if Jungkook wanted to call Jimin using a different number, he wouldn’t have been able to because the latter had left his phone to charge whilst he ran to do said errand. And Jungkook was still holding the canvas as though it were his lifeline, hesitating before parting with it. On hearing, Siwo’s words, he patted his pockets, realizing that he too had forgot something—Please, sir, make sure hyung gets this; I’ll be right back.He had at most an hour, and the journey back to and from campus would take around fifty minutes. But it was worth it. He really needed that poem. Worst case scenario he would miss Jimin, but Jungkook had faith that Jimin would return—that he would cherish them.Except that he didn’t. Jungkook did indeed miss Jimin.Once again he was thanking Park Siwo and one more time he was going back to a place called home but never felt like one—and would even feel less so with Jimin gone. Jungkook had hoped that even if Jimin still left, they would at least be on good terms. That there would be hope for them. That was all he wanted.But one didn’t get everything one wished for, now, did one?When Jungkook went inside his room, he found a box awaiting him on his desk. On an unconscious level, he knew what he would find even before he approached his desk. The box had everything he had given Jimin—mixtapes, CDs, random notes, birthday handcrafts. Everything.Never did Jungkook know that there existed a sound for when worlds fell to shambles.It wasn’t the end of it. By the following morning, with the return of only his art but not the muse—with Park Chanri’s I found it in the trash this morning… but I thought you might want it back—Jungkook learnt what it meant to have one’s heart ripped out of one’s chest.Message delivered.Perhaps the tear in the canvas was an echo of that made in Jungkook's chest. Perhaps this soft flop on bed was the last white flag being raised. ✦✦✦ The night Jungkook spent with Jimin in Busan when his mother died, Jimin had said something that wouldn’t quite part with the younger now. Jimin had told him that no matter how well prepared you thought you were or how long you had been dreading—preparing for—someone’s death, when it finally happened, you would still feel your world tilt; you would still get broken in the most unforgiving and unfixable of ways because, no matter what, you would always be hopeless to your emotions. This was how Jungkook had been feeling for the past few days. After all, wasn’t heartbreak some kind of death?Still, he took the broken pieces, boxed them, and put them on a shelf that he would only visit at night when he was alone. He would still play-pretend at this whole functional human thing, and he thought he had been doing an okay job at it. You were strong, you pretended you had long buried your pain, you pretended the memories didn’t exist, that you couldn’t recall the sweetness—you feigned strength all you wanted until a casual word here, a fleeting mention or a lingering look there poked at the cracks, making everything held so brittly at bay come loose and unwind you in the process. To Jungkook, that trickle that would quickly bring down the whole structure first came to life during the party Hoseok was throwing to celebrate Ask for the Stars going to post-production.Slipping from one conversation to the other, Jungkook liked to pretend he could keep ignoring Jimin's presence. It wasn’t that hard since they were both actively avoiding one another. Still, one too many times he would find his eyes wandering to where Jimin was—where he was lively chatting with everyone and animatedly laughing and just being around them. One of those times Jimin caught Jungkook's gaze, and instead of looking away, Jungkook found himself maintaining it, feeling his throat tighten as the elder’s smile dropped. Like a moon was to the ocean, he just couldn’t keep his eyes from finding Jimin—his heart from seeking him out. All those years and Jungkook still looked at him through the distance and he couldn’t help the thought—Why did you have to make everything hard for me except for falling for you?It hurt so much—looking the person to whom you had bared your soul time and time again in the eye and pretending you hadn’t spent nights tracing parallel lines in each other’s palms, pretending you were strangers un-privy to the most intimate details of each other’s souls. If the stars got separated from their orbits maybe then there was hope for the heart to forget the person it once loved. Jungkook wasn’t one to plan his mournings: and his plan had been to be there to nurse Jimin's heart if it ever got broken; he had no intention to ever be the one breaking Jimin's heart. A thought made its way out of the shadows of Jungkook's mind and he could only afford a sad smile at that.
On whose shoulders are you crying now and what are you telling them about me?
He knew he wasn’t fooling anyone, but it was the only way he could keep from falling apart. Namjoon—following up on a request to have Jungkook speak in a conference—had noted the younger’s distraction, despite securing a promise that he would be there, as agreed, on Monday. It wasn’t the end of it. He had caught Yoongi too casting concerned glances in his direction also one too many times, and each time he would just press a smile or, when he had a drink, he would lift it up in a cheers. Oftentimes when he found Namjoon and Yoongi together, Jungkook would joke about how it was his two favourite dads chilling. Ever since he met them and the two had their way of looking over his shoulder, so their behaviour during that party wasn’t surprising.But he still felt like trash.The party was over and Jimin left with Taehyung, but Jungkook was still hanging around, not sure why but knowing there was no point in going home. He had had only two drinks; his thoughts were drowning him enough. This, however, was about to change. Jungkook was approaching the drinks table and was soon pouring himself a glass of bokbunja. He then leaned against the table, letting his eyes take in the room, recreating the people and reliving memories that lurked in each corner; and unsurprisingly he found his thoughts taking a darker turn.He was returning to that far-off memory he hated visiting—the most brazen, most biting of rejections. Jungkook thought of the painting with its diagonal cut and bloodless wound and discouloured surface—he thought of that open wound and wondered if the tear in the canvas was merely mirroring what had been done to his heart. There was a certain bitter aftertaste to knowing something in which you had invested your time and to which you had entrusted your feelings could wind up quite literally tossed away—trashed, resented. Just what had become of all the art he had gifted Jimin, amidst what debris did the cruel wind of chance scatter those little tokens of his love?He might have fucked up a number of times, but it wasn’t he who got to write the last sentence. Jungkook thought he would; he thought had done his part to overwrite their woeful ending, yet things had taken a turn for the worse. Yet Jimin had gone and fallen in love with someone else. Again.Jungkook was now by the piano, lifting the lid and stroking some of the keys. It was a well-kept scale, a melody he had practiced so many times, but somehow he could only hear a wild choir of disharmony echo in the hallways of his mind.What would happen if he had been forthcoming with his feelings, if he had told Jimin how he felt six years ago instead of entrusting his feelings to a painting entrusted with Jimin's father? If he had contacted Jimin somehow that night he was jet-lagged and just had to be late for the agreed-upon date Jimin had been setting for them for two years—if Jungkook had bothered showing up the first time instead of trying to fight his feelings as though they were a disease plaguing him and would somehow magically disappear as days went by? He wondered how things would have turned out if he had made a move before he knew Kim Taehyung was back in the picture—would Jimin have chosen him then? Would Jungkook have been able to live with that decision—knowing that he had ruined someone’s solid relationship?Would they have stopped being two ships at night, two parallel lines, and would they have returned to being two halves of one?No sooner had he sat down at the piano did he feel a hand rest on his shoulder. Jungkook glanced up to find Yoongi’s smiling face peering down at him. And with a Make some space, kiddo he sat down next to Jungkook and said,“Your notes are making me wish I were Beethoven.”“So you could keep up with my genius?”“So I would be deaf and wouldn’t have to suffer through this atrocity.”Jungkook managed a feeble smile, not quite feeling anything but the lesion on his heart. Yoongi started playing a piece Jungkook hadn’t heard before—probably one of those he had composed for the score of the movie—and he could feel it reaching out to his soul. It was imperious, melancholy and piercing, and he felt as though he were toppling down into an indistinct dream. The elder went at it for a few minutes and Jungkook could feel his pain crescendoing with every note played.“Why does this feel so comforting?” He asked rhetorically, screwing his eyes shut, but Yoongi had a ready reply.“Music has a healing power. It plays to what you need to hear, and right now it’s one broken heart to another.”Jungkook trapped the sound before it escaped his lips—that little emotional punctuation which sounded so much like the beginning of a sob. He still had his eyes shut, but he could feel Yoongi's gaze befalling him. A flood-tide of nostalgia washed over him, memories piling up on top of one another and constructing that trampled-over heart—all of its shards save for the key missing piece—and something tugged his heartstrings apart at the missing presence. The underside of love: Jeon Jungkook lived within that other world though he was often a stranger to it—like someone who never drew close enough to grasp love. He wanted to scream but all that came out was air, then something like the beginning of a laugh.“Hyung, do you think it’s too late now?”The music faded out and Jungkook opened his blurry eyes to witness Yoongi's eyebrows drawing close in confusion.“Too late for what, Jungkookie?”“To teach me how to play that beautiful piece without using any of the black keys.” Jungkook's voice barely managed not to break and Yoongi didn’t wait any longer: He was wrapping an arm around Jungkook and tightly side-hugging him.That was all it took for Jungkook's brewing storm to roar. He lay his head atop Yoongi’s shoulder, the elder patted his head comfortingly, and he let it all out—he let his repressed feelings overwhelm him. For the first time, he was telling the whole story as he knew it, without running, without embellishments, without omissions—but with the full force and magnitude of his pain still.It was the story of a once too scared boy who passed up on the most beautiful moment of his life, a boy who was too scared to approach and admire a saffron-winged butterfly lest he touched its wings and the butterfly shattered into million tiny pieces. It was the story of a boy who feared vulnerability and rejection and proceeded to bury his heart under fistfuls of dirt, marring it and pretending it could never want something so pure and so ethereal. It was a story of missed opportunities, of bitter loss. Jungkook told Yoongi about how he tried to translate his love into words and ended up painting one of the most exquisite paintings in his life but his lover decided he didn’t want it. He told him about how he could think of nothing he wouldn’t give up—nothing he wouldn’t give—to have his lover’s heart; but it was too late. It was always too late when he decided to act and it was never enough when he did and it would never end. Jungkook told Yoongi about a poem he had once written whose verses became a self-fulfilling prophecy: He told him about how the ocean witnessed the throes of an ardent night but decided to hide it between history pages, deciding it wasn’t worth making to live on and on. He spoke of the pain, of the fear, of the hesitation, of the stubbornness and how he wished things could be easier. Jungkook talked about how it felt to die every night because of one past mistake, how it tore him apart to watch his lover in the arms of another—of the guilt he harboured because he wanted what could never be his, of the pain he shouldered because he grew a flower that couldn’t be bloomed in a dream that couldn’t come true.He talked and talked and talked and hoped the blank within him could be filled.“I'm sorry but walk me through this again because something is not clicking.”It was the first time there was an edge to Yoongi’s voice. He shifted in his seat—depriving Jungkook of his shoulder—so he could face the younger.“You liked Jiminie ever since you were kids, he’s an idiot because he leaves making a move up to you and of course you never do because you're an even bigger idiot because you're ‘never sure’ and he becomes unavailable by the time you think you want him so you angst about it yet you're still fucking around but expect him to hold on to you then the two of you hook up in college but pretend it means nothing because it’s safer that way and it’s all brick walls from then on.”Well, when Yoongi put it like that…Jungkook nodded still, not sure where this was headed.“You get pressed that he leaves even tho you didn’t give him a reason to stay,”“Well, technically I did. He just decided it wasn’t worth it—”Yoongi made a dismissive gesture, talking over Jungkook. “This is up for debate because something is not adding up here about this. So Jiminie leaves, and you spend years communicating only through your art, you pass up on the chance he’s given you by not showing up—”“I showed up—”Yoongi held up a finger—don’t interrupt me—and said, “Late, and you reach your final form as an idiot by not talking to him. You try to erase his existence from your memory then he comes back but he’s with Taehyung yet he’s wanting you to make a move.”“I don’t know if he wants me to make a move. I just think he wants closure, to understand what happened, maybe.”Yoongi’s expression took on the uneasy colour of frustration.“No one would ever keep bringing up the past if they're satisfied with the present.”Straightening up, Jungkook made a face. “So he’s not satisfied with Taehyung, is your point?”“You're totally missing it.” Yoongi sighed and Jungkook frowned. The elder seemed to be groping for the right words. “Listen, Jiminie is a lot of things. He is stubborn and he can be proud sometimes as you know, but his feelings are not fickle; he has the most sincere and honest heart out there. And he would never cheat.”Jungkook stiffened at the word. “He didn’t cheat. We didn’t do anything. Not this time, anyway.”“The two of you have so much unresolved tension to deal with, and you're orbiting around one another as if you were each other’s gravity. This is emotional-unavailability. At best, Taehyung-ah would be sharing Jimin's heart with another. You. And that would be emotional cheating, Jungkook, wake up.”“You're really not helping right now.”Looking away, Jungkook clenched his teeth, and Yoongi slapped the back of the younger’s head for attention.“And you're not asking the important questions because you're scared. Which is kinda okay, but you're picking and choosing—sticking to the narrative that suits you and choosing to stay blind to whatever doesn’t support the star-crossed lovers story of yours.”“We were not even lovers.”“Exactly.”Jungkook overcame his last hiss and looked down, treading down memory lane. His tone, much like his voice, was borrowing from all the sepia tones of nostalgia.“The closest we got was that April night, and believe me, hyung, I think about that night—that trip—every day of my life. And I wish I could take back everything I did—every single word I said—the following morning.”“Hold up, it was during April?”“Yeah, what about it?”“They weren’t exclusively together back then. I'm sure of that.” Yoongi’s fingers were massaging his temples as though the whole thing were a headache. “Tae was a walking pool of self-pity back then. He had paused Jimin because he, and I'm quoting, wanted to figure out what he wanted and couldn’t do long-distance, and he was crying about the ‘breakup’ as if it weren’t his choice or as tho he weren’t the one who suggested seeing other people. That’s probably why it was only you and Jimin-ah on that trip.”Jungkook was so confused, and he was trying to make sense of everything all at once, but the years had long proven it was impossible to make sense of his human lover.“Jimin didn’t say anything. He only said they had a fight, but nothing about being paused.”This could change everything; this should have changed everything. Jungkook had done nothing wrong, even if back then he didn’t know that. He was overflowing with yearning—years of being stranded in the desert fueling his desire and it was the closest he was getting to the ocean and he was ready to feast. Yes it wasn’t his best moment but all in all there was no reason to bury their feelings under the ‘It was a mistake.’ The way Yoongi was looking at him suggested that indeed Jungkook hadn’t had the full picture as he mistakenly thought he had. If Jimin was fighting for them, why would he deliberately make Jungkook's life harder?“Whatever the problem is between you and Jimin, it was never about sleeping together. This was a conscious decision and something must have happened between the act and its consequences for the two of you to decide to hide behind a pile of absolute horseshit.”Gears were still turning in Jungkook's mind as he turned his gaze back to Yoongi’s.But the question still stood.“Would it matter now?”Yoongi shrugged. “You wouldn’t know until you try. But one thing is for sure, you can't expect to be handed something as precious as one’s heart when you’ve never asked for it. Especially if you constantly act on your fears.”“But I overcame my fears,” Jungkook practically choked on the words.“Then act like it.”“I did!”“No, Jungkook, you didn’t.” Yoongi held his head in his hands and groaned, mumbling an I can't believe I ditched my boyfriend tonight for this. It had been so long since Jungkook frustrated his hyung like that. It had been so long since he felt eighteen and stupid. Yoongi perked up, some light glinting in his eyes.“Imagine this. I'm a cat-person. You have ailurophobia, and you’ve made it a point to steer clear of cats all your life and I watch you do nothing but shoe away any cat that would come your direction. I have this gorgeous cat and I've wanted you to meet her for the longest time, and I assume I read some vague signs of maybe you wanting to meet her because maybe you'd walk the extra mile for me. So one day I hold my precious cat up to you and you're trying to hold your ground, holding out your arms to take her. Naturally you might retract your hands a few times, scared to touch her. But how does that work for me? I'd be thinking what if you drop her, what if you touch her and decide you want nothing from her, what if I pressured you into holding my cat, what if you're not ready yet? I think all of that because you never once asked to meet my cat, regardless of the million hints I dropped of me wishing you'd just see her.”Jungkook needn’t the analogy, but putting it out like that, he could see why Jimin would say it was a ‘one-time-thing’—a mistake. He wasn’t giving Jungkook an out; he was hoping Jungkook would fight for him—would be so sure of his feelings that he would fight Jimin about how it was everything but a mistake. For days Jungkook had been plagued with the thoughts—with what he wanted to do. And it was about high time he made up his mind. ✦✦✦ How long could an hour be? Jimin didn’t know but he hoped he hadn’t been sneaking too obvious glances at his watch. He couldn’t wait for the interview to be over; he needed to be somewhere else. But once again, he had commitments—once again Park Jimin had to stay true to his word.He laughed and threw an arm on the back of the sofa, behind Taehyung, as the hostess brought up their relationship, thinking that everyone’s favourite power couple found each other in a constellation.“Oh no, we actually dated for over a year in college but you know how it is. We were kids and we couldn’t make it work out.”Taehyung looked at Jimin, clasping his hand and picking up from where the latter had left the story.“We end things as friendly as possible for two stupid college kids and we go our separate way. I read one of his books years later and I think to myself that it’s always been him. The wind of chance blows him my way and, well, he blows me away. The rest is history.”“This is so sweet.” The hostess cooed. “That book must be very special to both of you.”“It is.” Jimin confirmed, locking gaze with Taehyung and wanting to laugh at how easily they could play this off.“It is.” Taehyung brought back his gaze to the hostess, body shifting so he would face her. He was talking animatedly now. “It’s his debut book and I know the world is in shambles because of Jiminie’s Ask the Stars but to me his debut book is the best. I said what I said.”Laughing, Jimin mumbled an I can't believe you love it so much.“Not as much as I love you tho.” Taehyung stole a kiss and Jimin could vaguely register the hostess’s feigned fussing—Oh you two!—in spite of their PDA.But apparently Kim Taehyung was still all hands-on-deck being Park Jimin’s biggest supporter.“The thing about Jimin’s power as a writer is that you can always find the universal in the personal, and there’s always a touch of melancholy or nostalgia that makes you miss even the things you never experienced. Even in a symbolic story that’s high fantasy like that one in Let Us Leave the Sky to Bleed, you can't help but see its projections—a boy trying to reconcile worlds inside him, knowing there’s a risk the two worlds would crash if he tried to save both at the same time. And you can't help but relate to that story, it being a coming-of-age story and all.” The confident glint in Taehyung's eyes was back—that glint that Jimin loved so much—but Jimin's smile had an edge.“There is that passage about how the boy’s metaphorical storyline is defined by very few moments in his life—I think that’s something we all can relate to. Getting over the walls within which we’re caged and seeing how beautiful the other side can be and—”Taehyung trailed off, eyes widening then head slowly—almost dramatically—turning to face Jimin. He needn’t speak; Jimin understood. For years, he had been fearing and anticipating this moment, like knowing you were bound to die a peaceful death after the most beautiful moment of your life but you were never sure when said moment would occur. The angel, Taehyung mouthed and Jimin smiled apologetically. Taehyung tried to smile then looked at the hostess.“I'm sorry, but can I have a break?”She was confused but the cameras stopped rolling all the same. As calmly as he could, Taehyung got out of his seat and headed out of the studio. Jimin pressed an apologetic smile to the hostess, mumbling some diplomatic gibberish drilled into him by years of mingling with different social circles, and followed suit.They were in the hallway outside the studio, a few meters sitting between them. The lights were dim but good enough for Jimin to clearly see Taehyung. To brace himself for the crash.He was holding his phone, his back to Jimin, and the latter was positive he was rereading the same paragraph about which he expressed great admiration two years ago—just quite literally in different light. When Taehyung felt the other’s presence he turned around. Jimin could read it in his eyes—hear it in the small incredulous laugh he let out.“I can't believe I couldn’t see it when it’s been right under my nose all this time.” A year later and there was still no bitterness in Taehyung's eyes. “The wall is that surrounding your heart, the angel is Jungkook and his painting—that’s the day that changed your life. The ring, it was never really me who gave you that necklace, I just never knew that was why you're so attached to it—because you knew it was Jungkook's gift, even when I didn’t. Shifting allegiances, that’s when we were on a break and you told me you slept with someone—that someone was Jungkook, the bestfriend I never once heard of, and that was the ‘betrayal’.” Closing the distance, Taehyung let that sink. He let the seconds drag by as he deeply stared into his ex’s eyes, and when the words came out, they sounded so quiet—like how you would talk to someone who just couldn’t quite see it.“The heart that holds the key to the destruction of heavens, that heart the boy needs to save their newfound world—but the angel would die if he gave away his heart, that was the premise of the book.”Jimin opened his mouth to say something but Taehyung simply shook his head. His eyes were so warm, so understanding.“In Let Us Leave the Sky to Bleed, that’s why it doesn’t end. The ellipsis of the final line, of as long as you don’t—the rest of that conditional is ask for my heart.” Taehyung inched in with his head, laughing. “Ask for My Heart, Jimin-ah. His heart. That’s the only thing the angel can't give his human. The same thing Jungkook could never give you.”“It was the only way I could deal my pain, Tae. I wrote and wrote and hoped I could relinquish the feelings somehow.”It was the first time Jimin had admitted that out loud, and Taehyung's smile was lopsided when he voiced his rhetorical question.“And could you?”“It doesn’t matter now.” Jimin’s voice cracked. “I did all I can and it’s time I lay him to rest. I'm tired of swimming against the current.”There was a pause and they were just staring one another, communicating through the missing pieces. So much did Jimin want to reach out to Taehyung, to tell him all about those missing pieces.“How could you agree to the NDA, how could you do that to your heart, Jimin-ah?”“Nothing that hasn’t been done to it before.” Jimin essayed a weak smile, still gazed upon by those commiserating eyes. “There was no point in doing otherwise.”“Why did you never tell me about Jungkook?”“Now or then?”“Does the answer differ?”Jimin looked down, pain weighing heavily in his expression, and he could only answer one question—half of it.“I was trying to forget him.”Again. “And could you?”Jimin just shrugged and Taehyung's expression was still a mixture of understanding and incredulous.“Can't you see it, Jiminie? You're saturated with him.” He ran a hand through his hair, facing the other direction for a brief second before turning to Jimin again. “I broke up with you last year because I felt your heart was never really for me, and that night when you told me about your nameless first love, the feeling became even more oppressing. I just never would’ve guessed just how deep you're into this. The tattoos, the paintings, the books. God!”With a residual smile still on his face, Jimin finally reached his hand to Taehyung’s arm, eyes beseeching.“I don't know if it means anything now, but I want you to know it doesn’t change anything we had. I really loved you.”“I know you did.” Taehyung's hand took Jimin's in his, “but I always knew your heart was on loan. I just hoped that someday it would be mine. I thought I could live with him—that first love that I didn’t even know—having your past, but only because I thought I’d have your future.” He was now holding both of Jimin's hands, still smiling tenderly. “Now, a love I had been its biggest fan like the one you wrote, like the one the two of you share—that’s not something I could’ve ever borne to interfere with.”Jimin wouldn’t dare fetch his voice, feeling the tears held so loosely at bay threatening to break free. It was okay; Taehyung could read him loud and clear.“I never thought I'd say this, but I'm glad we broke up, Jiminie.”“I'm really sorry,”“Don’t be.” He shook his head gently, voice kind—unbearably so. “I told you: Getting over you had been the hardest thing I ever had to do, but I did it. And if it didn’t happen I wouldn’t have been able to date this amazing guy and agree to give him my whole heart.”Taehyung pressed one last smile then let go of Jimin's hands—I hope you too can give your heart peace someday.Jimin watched Taehyung turn away, and it wasn’t a surprise that he himself was giving breath to a sad laugh. He waited until his smile settled into that of a rested heart then followed his ex-paramour back into the studio. Kim Taehyung, the kind of tender hearts whose beauty Jimin had no vocabulary for. Kim Taehyung, the guy to whom Jimin owed as many thank you’s as well as many sorry’s.The rest of the interview went fine, though they had gone slightly off-script. Taehyung hadn’t proposed, and Jimin hadn’t said yes. They were still bound by their NDA, and they would still keep this pretend-relationship until the movie promotions were over. After the interview, the two had discussed things with Taehyung's agent and a FaceTime Hoseok, then reached the conclusion that maybe VMin should break up sooner than originally planned. It would give the actual relationship more time to settle—would result in less heat and more support when Seokjin and Taehyung came forward as the real thing. It was funny, how the publicity stunt was the screenwriter and the lead actor instead of the more obvious choice, the two co-stars. But the two hadn’t really fallen in love until they started working together. Love never had rhyme or reason, but what else was new?What else is new?Jimin had been contemplating his last bow for days—ever since that day in the escape room, to be accurate. The movie was over and there was nothing tying him down to Seoul; he could leave—pack his bags and leave this Airbnb like he had never been there. But there were too many loose ends—too many unresolved feelings that he had been trying to iron out for the past couple of months, more than ever.And so, it took two nights—of hearts bleeding on paper and untriggered daggers digging into hearts—for him to reach a decision.Jimin couldn’t quite come down from the roller-coaster that was his interview—from all feelings assaulting him and threatening to overwhelm him. As he prepared dinner, the TV was playing that trivia show for which Jungkook was the MC tonight. It was a terrible idea—wanting to get your mind off a certain topic yet proceeding to engage yourself with it. But then again, wasn’t this the slow dance of death Jungkook and he had been perfecting over the years, their way of courting?Jungkook and the two other MCs were chatting during the break, keeping their audience entertained. And, well, Jeon Jungkook had always been a natural. He always managed to make Jimin laugh, even in the most unexpected of times. Jimin liked to pretend that was what made it hard to stay mad at the younger.“I have a kind of a funny one,” Jungkook was chuckling—they were talking about nice ‘saves’ people did. “A proposal in a bar but make it original. I think the couple were in the middle of some prank war and they were trying to up one another. So the guy pulls off a jerk move that makes her mad pissed off. It was her birthday or something—I was outside the bar then so I kinda missed some of the nuances but I got to witness the best part—and he gives her a velvet jewelry box but she reaches in it only to find a spider. Naturally she’s angry and she starts to leave the bar, but the moment she’s on the street she freezes, thunderstruck, because she sees a big banner on the bookshop across the street. Guy follows, gets on his knee—she’s still speechless—and he pops the question, and even that wasn’t conventional—like normal rings? He says he respects that but it isn’t for him. You know those vending-machine plastic rings, right? He put a white-gold ring in one of those boxes and that’s what he used for his proposal.”Jimin wasn’t much focused on what followed; his mind stopped processing the present two sentences ago. He could feel his heart drumming loudly, trying to pump enough blood for his brain to make sense of the situation.Jungkook showed up. Jeon Jungkook didn’t stand him up; he had actually been to the bar. If that was the case, then why the hell did Jungkook not meet up with him? It made little sense. If you were ready to lay your weapons down and surrender yourself like that, then why would you insist on pretending you never did—that the war was always raging? He could still remember that night in the escape room—the night when he learnt the true sound of a heart breaking into million tiny uncollectable pieces. He could remember how even then Jungkook still tiptoed around his feelings—telling him that he, Jimin, always made him feel as though his feelings were a sin. Jungkook's feelings. Because that was how it was with the younger: 'Feelings,' not specifically love, as if the four-lettered word his lips never learnt to utter were a curse not to be spoken. As if they were taboo.This still stung. But Jimin was ready to rip off the Band-Aid once and for all if it meant he could get closure. He was never sure of anything and he just needed to know. And he thought sleeping on it—on the ruckus in his mind, the tumult in his heart—would make things easier, but the following day wasn’t any kinder.There was never a no-man’s land when it came to the fire Jungkook had long started in his heart.It was almost 5:30 P.M. and Jimin was still contemplating attending the conference at which Jungkook would be discoursing. Yesterday, after a tiring battle that hadn’t left his heart unscathed despite exiting victorious, he gave Jungkook a call—feeling his hope hinge on that one call but also letting out a sigh when he didn’t pick up. Until this very second Jimin wasn’t sure if he had been relieved the younger hadn’t picked up, or mourning yet another burial of his feelings. Ever since last night and he had been trying to pour his feelings into paper—to express years and years of love and pain without doing injustice to either. This process had been so emotionally-tolling that he needed to escape, that he abandoned his desk—his laptop and his brutally honest and unsaved draft, his bleeding pen and his unfinished letter, his exhausted feelings and his half-drunk Soju—and headed to take a shower. It wasn’t much of an escape: There was a reason why the bulk of his unsaved draft couldn’t make it into the final product—into the letter. There was a reason why he could never escape his feelings.Jimin could see the smoke plumes the steam had been making in the shower-stall, he could feel the droplets of water gliding against his skin, and he could recall every single moment Jeon Jungkook had made him feel underwater—for better or for worse.When Jimin deliberately made Seoul his last stop it was because he feared the avalanche of memories and emotions potentially seeing Jungkook could unleash. He knew his heart. Jimin hadn’t planned on making their paths cross: he hadn’t planned on walking into the exhibition and seeing his life-story so prettily illustrated and hung on the wall for the world to see, on Hoseok choosing Jungkook for the movie, on running into him so many times, on letting Jungkook get to him like that—on being this hopeless to his emotions. There was a reason why he settled in Daegu—getting a place there when he was dating Taehyung. He just couldn’t do being around Jeon Jungkook like that. Admittedly he longed for closure, for some understanding, but he made a promise to himself not to let Jungkook hurt him anymore. Yet, he couldn’t give up on him. It seemed like the world was fighting for them—fighting for them with quadrupled efforts because the two of them gave up on each other. Or were trying to. But they were bound before birth; someone had to fight.And so, Jimin found himself giving in to the current, letting Jungkook carry him away—sweep him in—at every given opportunity. He wasn’t going to actively seek Jungkook out, but he wouldn’t allow the other to control the narrative of their story with that single-mindedness of his. If Jungkook took an action, Jimin—being bound to him—was plighted to have a reaction. And so he was making a stand after a stand after a stand, praying this would be it. But every time he thought he broke through to Jungkook, the latter would shrink back, as though he thought better of it and was thus having cold feet. Again. At first, Jimin thought this confusing behaviour was because Jungkook didn’t want him enough, then he was convinced Jungkook didn’t want him at all.But it was one of those lies we all tell ourselves in order to sleep at night. Jimin just didn’t understand why everything was so hard if their hearts had long been singing from the same sheet. Had he misread the notes, or was it just that Jungkook had little knowledge of how to read a musical sheet?Seven years later and Jimin wanted to laugh at the irony. So many times he wanted to ask Jungkook if he was still—if he was ever in love with him, but, as he himself contended, wasn’t that a question he should be asking himself? And perhaps that was why he was so damn confused: he didn’t know the answer to that question—Jeon Jungkook made sure his heart was a conundrum impossible for Jimin to puzzle out.It was scary—wanting to give your heart to someone and not being sure if they wanted it. If they wouldn’t wake up the following morning and decide they had rushed into things, that they had been pressured into them—or worse, that they were indifferent to said thing, its presence weighing as little as its absence. That what happened at night meant nothing for them. For years, Jimin couldn’t tell what Jungkook's problem was. Growing up, he was on and off, and Jimin felt young and foolish and insecure and scared out of his mind. They had their moments, and oftentimes it was Jungkook who pulled away, but Jimin had his share of the blame too and he damn well knew it. If he couldn’t have Jungkook as his lover, he didn’t want to risk losing him as a friend—he couldn’t not have Jungkook in his life.But that was growing up, what was their excuse now? Why was it that every time Jimin gave Jungkook a chance, the latter managed to pass up on it as though he truly didn’t want Jimin? Us—always us, forever and always. A loose eyelash atop a high cheekbone, a flash of diamond in a silent sky, a golden wishbone between yenning fingers: three chances, two hearts, and one wish—millions of chances and a singular wish, always that one wish—yet it still ended with a broken heart.
‘Are we still endgame?’
Months later and the answer caught in Jimin's throat. It was one of the things he confided in the unsaved draft, but there was no chance he was rendering that into the final letter. Said letter had a lot to do with the apologies Jimin owed Jungkook—for being scared, for messing up, for not looking back, for every cherished once-in-a-blue-moon time Jungkook seemed to be making a move but Jimin was trusting little in Jungkook and much in his very own fears and insecurities—and not the other way around. Said letter would never end as hopefully as the draft; it would end with a sentence extracted from the middle of the narrative—pulled out from the depth of Jimin's soul—You were my heart and soul when my heart was still beating.When Jimin agreed to sign the NDA, knowing it was inevitable to run into Jungkook when he was in Seoul, and despite Taehyung's concerns about this hindering both of their love-lives, he thought it was nothing but a safety blanket, a backup plan in case his feelings were in full display. Jungkook seemed not one bit interested in him—not in wanting him when he was available, and not even hinting at fighting for him when he thought he wasn’t. The only proof Jimin had of Jungkook's conflicting feelings was his painting—was his answer to a book he wrote four years ago. But nothing else—nothing to refute a multitude of hurtful words. All along, Jimin just wanted one answer. Multiple times after their confrontation in the escape room he had considered telling Jungkook the truth, but he would still recall the first time he told Jungkook about his breakup with Taehyung—how the oblivious younger had unwittingly added yet another mark on Jimin's heart when he only responded with a Why, what does that change for me?Jimin’s fist hit the slippery wall, head hanging down as he clenched his teeth. Why did they have to lose it all?The pain didn’t end there: the masquerade night, the funeral one, the night he drove a drunken Jungkook home and lived a barrage of memory at the sight of a destructive Jeon Jungkook—of long nights trying to make Jungkook see he needn’t keep falling apart, of patiently collecting the pieces and waiting for him to see how beautiful the sum of his parts were—Jimin just couldn’t take it. It was devastating how Jungkook had practically told him he hated him—how he said he regretted meeting him. There were only so many times you could make up excuses for someone and how they were ‘just saying words’ without being crushed by said words’ weight. Hear the same broken record one too many times and you will inevitably believe it.Sex meant nothing, words meant nothing, his goddamn bleeding heart meant nothing— just what mattered to that unreachable heart, what did Jungkook want?Jimin couldn’t go through this again. Chance after chance he had given Jungkook. Even after supposedly giving up on him. He couldn’t put his heart out for Jungkook only for the latter to tear it into shreds. He couldn’t undergo another bout of that morning in the café—when Jungkook's crippling inability to reply to the only question ever trampled over Jimin's heart, making him feel unwanted and stupid. Not the night of the funeral, when Jimin was ready to risk it all—was ready to come clean about the NDA if it meant he could be with Jungkook.But Jeon Jungkook just didn’t want him. He could hear that loud and clear.And then it was six years ago all over again. That night he got a call from Mingyu—to whom he had given his number nearly five years ago in case Jungkook ever showed up in his bar—and was informed that Jungkook was there, Jimin got to confirm his suspicions. At first, Jungkook's question threw him off-balance—Why did you fall for him? He could only let out half of the truth—Because he was there—but in the brief silent spaces of his words, he still hoped Jungkook would hear it: Because you were not. That accounted for the first time, though, not the second; but apparently Jimin could never give his heart wholly to Taehyung, not even when he was madly deeply in love with him.Even if, Jungkook had admitted that it was never about Taehyung. Twice. All along, Jimin knew it never was. Six years ago—when his heart was so battered and it was trying to show Jungkook the wound it had inflicted—he told Jungkook that the latter’s choice to sleep with Taehyung was walking all over his heart. And Jungkook misunderstood: It wasn’t because of Taehyung, his then-boyfriend, sleeping with another; it was because Jungkook, his best everything, always, was walking all over his heart when he slept with another.Jimin acknowledged it wasn’t the soundest decision to fall for Taehyung in college, but it wasn’t like Jungkook was available—it wasn’t like Jungkook was willing to make an exception for Jimin—and it wasn’t like he turned Jungkook down for Taehyung. The younger never even bothered to tell him about his feelings, always leaving him guessing, scared to make the wrong move.The list could go on forever. This continuous rejection—then, now—was the crux of the problem. And so, Jimin thought there was no reason to breach his agreement when Jungkook wanted nothing to do with him, then or now. His dignified heart decided it would take the blow standing on its feet—holding its chin high up and swallowing its pain. It wouldn’t go to pieces before Jungkook, not again.But as always, Jungkook was inconsistent, as though he too were stranded in the vastness of a tortured heart. Images flared up loud and close, vivid memories of eyes lingering on lips, lips longing for lips, hands wanting skin, heads drawn close and hearts drawn apart—every single memory of their almost-moments crowded Jimin's heart so forcefully that he could barely find room to breathe. Just how many times had he almost kissed Jungkook—Jungkook him? What would have happened, would it be like six years ago, when Jimin—tired of sitting around, tired of waiting, tired of aching—initiated a kiss and Jungkook took it wild and Jimin's heart was ready to soar above and beyond but Jungkook snipped off its wings the following morning, letting their song die unheard? Just what. He just could never win with Jungkook. He never could make sense of where his heart lay, not when it came to himself.Jimin just wanted answers. He wanted to know if there was hope or if he would have to lay his ghosts to rest. And this time, they played all their cards. No more hiding and no more half-truths. He was going to leave, and he needed to leave it all behind—once and for all.“Jiminie, you here?”Jimin fluttered his eyes open, sliding the stall door open and peering his head out. It wasn’t like he needed to peep through the bathroom’s open door to know it was Taehyung.“Shower.”Taehyung, who was hovering by Jimin's bed, flashed him a grin and two thumbs up—I have your sweater so I can wait.Jimin had been so caught up in his letter composition that he forgot that Taehyung would be dropping by, that they would be grabbing coffee together. He told him he would be out in a minute, though Taehyung assured him that he could take his time. They weren’t in a rush.Jimin was by no means out in a minute, but they still made it to the café by 6:30 P.M.. And just in case he changed his mind, he had taken his letter along, not sure if he would attend the conference or if he was just going to drop the letter and go. This was his last stand; this was another sorry and thank you sans the I love you; this was a heart letting go.



Insanity
Chapter Summary

i am tired, beloved, of chafing my heart against the want of you.

Chapter Notes
moodboards and playlist

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




~The pale afternoon sun dipped low over the horizon and Jimin could feel the sutures in his soul rupturing.He had been sitting alone by the sea, watching the sunset and trying to behold the light of the sun a little longer. Legs stretched out before him, Jimin wasn’t sure how long he had been there, under the hot copper sky, just listening to the sound of seagulls mingling with the soothing whoosh of the lapping waters and trying to make peace with his decision. He knew things would not always be smooth sailing, but he had never expected them to reach this dismal conclusion.His flight was in less than three hours and there he was visiting a place replete with memories he wasn’t sure he wanted to forgo—a single box keeping him company as he replayed the memories over and over again.In a way Jimin thought he could handle it—heartbreak after heartbreak while Jungkook was oblivious to the damage he was doing. Many times he found himself looking at Jungkook and wondering if the latter could see that heart he had smashed, that selfsame heart exulting in the pieces—in the brokenness—just because it was him breaking it. And if Jimin were to trace those heartbreaks, he knew not from where to start. Certain moments flared up in his mind, nurturing his pain and feeding off of his bleeding heart. And that was his baseline.Jimin could recall the exact moment he had told Jungkook about his breakup: how, for the sake of wanting things to fall back to normal with the younger, he had underplayed the whole breakup as though it weren’t a serious and an emotionally-tolling process with Taehyung. They were walking back from the library and Jimin was, once again, trying to break through to an emotionally-frosty Jungkook.
Oh and I thought I should tell you, Taehyung and I are no longer together.

Why, what does that change for me?
Never, not in a million years, would he have guessed that could be Jungkook's reply. For years he had waited for Jungkook to take a hint; he even took matters into his own hands a number of times, but somehow Jungkook always thwarted him. And Jimin wasn’t sure what that signaled. He could only feel his heart dying little by little. If someone liked another person, they would let them know, right? They would act on their feelings; they wouldn’t foil every attempt the other made as though they cared not one bit about—for—the outcome.Maybe he was jinxed after all—maybe wishing that Jungkook could someday give him his heart would forever remain unattained.Watching the last of the sunrays catch a breaking wave as it approached, Jimin tried not to give in to just the heart-wrenching memories. He tried not to sink into the abyss into which Jungkook had catapulted him when he parroted a too-painful accusation. It was unfair to the younger who had given him irreplaceable moments, albeit bittersweet. And so, Park Jimin was now tapping into one of his most cherished memories, hoping it would lend strength to his heart.He threw his head back, relishing the bracing air of the sea and squeezing his eyes shut—and he was almost reliving the moment.That night they slept together—its thin, sweet, beautiful magic from start to end? It didn’t have much competition for best memory. His and Jungkook's slow dance: his brazenly searching emotions, Jungkook's badly restrained ones; his I-dare-you-to-kiss-me gaze, Jungkook's please-don’t-break-me one; their mingling laughter and syncing heartbeats and intertwined roots and hungering souls. Jimin's very own genie in a bottle and a singular wish about to be granted, and if it didn’t on its own, then he was going to make it come true.And, then, just once happened.Everything about that night was of the breath-stealing power of the design of the universe. And he was trying to remain clear-headed but his heart was compromised: Jungkook touched him and all his thoughts were displaced. Lips meeting lips, lips meeting body, lips meeting heart—Jimin’s mind never would have conceived just how saturated a person could be with another. But he was replete with Jungkook—everything—every inch, every nerve, every fiber, every breath, every thought—was infiltrated by feelings for the boy, leaving him gasping for breath and aching for more. Hungry fingers gliding over skin, calm oceans stirred underneath; stoked hearts thrilling within, wild fires erupted without—through bleary fugues hands pushed hair away from eyes to unveil yearnings unfettered by shame. Hand prints on thighs, teeth marks on shoulders, love bites on necks—nothing could feel as feral and as sublime in the same breath but love was the one thing that blurred the line between savage and tender. Nails digging into skin, heads buried in necks, moans ringing in ears—Jimin could feel Jungkook's heartbeat reverberating in his very own bones and he wanted to drink it all in; he would drink it all up.
More,

More,

More,
Only one thought filled Jimin's head. Them. Just the two of them. They were the focus of the world while everything else was white noise. Them. Them. Always them. Jimin's breath hitched and everything froze and he was falling through space and through a host of stars and onto Jungkook's chest. Heartbeat meeting heartbeat and he wasn’t surprised to hear it as a stronger, steadier one.He wished it had been yesternight’s magic that bled into the morning instead of the stream flowing from the first fatal poke in his heart. Jimin tried to make sense of the disappearing Jungkook and he could only arrive at how the connotations of just once stretched to encompass those of a one-night stand. But Jungkook had to clear his mind, he had a lot to think about, and Jimin was hanging by a thread, experiencing all alternations of hope and despair characteristic of genuine passion. Shame was casting long shadows across Jungkook's face and Jimin was hoping his very own eyes would betray his unconfessed desires. But Jungkook wasn’t looking. Jeon Jungkook once again had his eyes turned away from Jimin.Looking back at it, Jimin didn’t know why he had sputtered out the easily misinterpreted ‘one-time thing,’ finishing Jungkook's sentence for him; but his hurting heart now was glad he had done so. Even before Jungkook boarded the bus, Jimin had noticed that he seemed afflicted all morning, careful not to run into him—and he thought he would try to make things lighter, teasing the younger by throwing back his words at him. Something they had been playfully doing for years.But then Jungkook had to K.O. his heart by saying it was a mistake. A mistake. Had he misread Jimin's playfulness—or was that how he really felt about that night?Jimin wasn’t sure if that was because he forgot to mention that he and Taehyung were on a break and so Jungkook thought he had participated in an act of betrayal, or because Jungkook was dodgy with relationships—was impossible to pin down. All Jimin knew was that few years down the road he might regret having finished that sentence for Jungkook, even if jokingly. He should have waited and seen where the latter was willing to take them. It was the first time Jungkook acted; Jimin should have waited—he had been doing that for years, what had come over him? Maybe then their last confrontation would have played out differently; maybe Jungkook wouldn’t have wounded him this badly.But even if, it wasn’t like it was the last of daggers aimed at Jimin's heart.When he learnt of Jungkook and Taehyung’s sleeping together, it wasn’t the physical act that gnawed at Jimin's heart. He and Taehyung were broken up—he had broken up with Taehyung. Neither was he particularly hurt by Jungkook choosing Taehyung of all people. It was how Jungkook had treated them as a fling that stung him, that offhanded sex means nothing take of his. Indeed, he knew sex was casual with Jungkook; Jimin just didn’t expect he wouldn’t be exempted from that rule. He thought that he meant something to Jungkook—that that night meant something to him. But that night meant nothing to the younger. And this really hurt, and—how does it go? Hurt people hurt people. Naturally he was adamant on hurting Jungkook back.But guess it was impossible to hurt someone who didn’t care enough—who couldn’t even see why the other person was hurt.The flow pushed further up the shore, reaching Jimin's feet and snatching him from the landscape of his pain. And for a beat it almost worked—if it weren’t for him reaching for his pocket only to become acutely aware of the cold metal resting there. Jimin could feel the necklace burning in his pocket and against his palm, and he still wasn’t sure if he should dump it in with the rest of the items in the box. Because, after all, when he took it off a few weeks ago, which relationship was he putting to rest, which claim on his heart was he denouncing—forfeiting? Or perhaps the question should be traced to its roots: All along, wearing this necklace, whose infinity was he cradling just above his beating heart? How aware was Jimin of this—how many years would he need to embrace this simple fact?It was impossible for Jimin to fully give in to Taehyung because, no matter how hard he tried to outrun his feelings, he couldn’t let go of Jungkook. It took him years to come to terms with how he felt about Jungkook, with if he could make it work with someone who feared love as though it were a curse; but once he did, he didn’t try to rationalize it. Ask his heart and it wouldn’t be able to tell exactly when it became Jungkook's; Jimin just woke up one morning and he was like Yup I'm in love with Jeon Jungkook—yes, he wanted him. Yes he had always been in love with him. Yet there was Jungkook pulling away every time Jimin drew close—closer—and the latter didn’t know how long he could keep doing this. He hadn’t planned to fall in love with Kim Taehyung, but he fell in love in a way that made him want to give his entire heart to Taehyung; problem was that Jungkook had a claim on said heart. And still, Jimin almost gave up that part of his heart, letting Taehyung swoop him and pull him into the sweet unknown—away from the shore. It was fair play: Jungkook was jumping from one ‘relationship’ to another: Obviously the problem wasn’t in relationships; it was in Jimin. It was about time for Jimin to move on, especially if no one was holding on to him.It almost worked—Kim Taehyung made it oh-so-easy. But the two of them never said ‘I love you’ to each other because they knew it was a promise that neither of them could make—Taehyung because there was a lot he wanted to figure out as a person and he was into a casual relationship but he just didn’t expect to fall this hard for Jimin, and Jimin because he couldn’t give up his heart entirely. Of all the things he would have hated to do to Taehyung was to love him any less than he deserved, less than he, Jimin, wanted to. Ergo the text on the bus, ergo coming clean: Jimin needed Taehyung to know what he was getting into. When Taehyung suggested they see other people and despite pampering him, Jimin was sure he wouldn’t act on it, only because he had long dismissed Jungkook as a possibility; the younger was forever in the realm of impossibility to him. But he got a taste of how it could be, and he knew he didn’t want anything else—he knew it would be unfair to pretend otherwise. Ergo telling Taehyung he slept with someone—ergo needing to talk about what that entailed for their relationship, for where and how they stood.Ergo the breakup a couple of days later. Ergo turning to Jungkook to finally take matters into his own hands. But, of course, Jimin and Taehyung breaking up—what should that change for Jungkook?Of course, of course, of course, of course—all those foolish certainties but never the one certainty that was as clear as the blue in their sky.Sometimes Jimin thought maybe it was because he was with Taehyung—but Jungkook had been there before Taehyung, what did he do? Nothing. Numerous times he found himself thinking about how chill Jungkook had been about his relationship with Taehyung, but other times, liminal moments crept into his mind—moments in ocean-lulled pools, above snow-crusted subways, under star-studded skies, on paint-stained sheets.But nothing. Nothing but a weighing silence and a crippling doubt.All of that Jimin was willing to forgive and forget. It was the impossibility of Jungkook's final silence that brutally murdered his heart—his refusal to speak, which Jimin wasn’t sure whether it indicated a lack of feeling or an inability to voice it. He couldn’t see a third alternative. All he wanted for Jungkook was to ask him to stay—with him, for him. Really, that was all it would have taken. A sliver of hope. Yet those were just another three simple words the younger could never grant him.And Jimin wasn’t going to spend all his life moping around, waiting for some boy. Even if said boy was the love of his life—was half of his soul.Getting up to his feet, Jimin cradled the box he needed to drop by Jungkook's house—that box which contained snippets of his once-combusting heart. He looked at the dusk-washed waterfront, feeling the knot of longing in his chest tighten, but he swallowed hard and lifted his chin high up. On throwing one last glance at the sea, Jimin turned away, one sentence gusting through the funeral quiet in his heart.
Regardless of my love for you, I've had enough.
Little did Jimin know that this wasn’t the end—that in less than a year, a variation of that sentence would merely be the dedication in his first book. Little did Jimin know that, in two years, the necklace he was pocketing would become rings on his finger, poetry-carved by the selfsame poem on whose two lines he wanted to write his thesis. Little did Jimin know that the same lines that resonated with him, resonated even louder with their writer—and each of them had his way of commemorating those lines, of making them live eternally. Jimin wasn’t sure what he would’ve done if Jungkook had been home—he wasn’t sure if subconsciously he was doing this because he was still giving the younger a chance. But when he left the Jeon’s house, he was gripped by a torrent of ambivalent emotions. It wasn’t until he had returned home that he noticed how much of a traitor his heart really was—until he was underplaying his questions to his father and getting to learn that No, son, Jungkook didn’t come by and that he should hurry so he wouldn’t miss his flight. Jimin wasn’t sure how to translate that sinking feeling in his stomach as he looked at his father, at Park Siwo who was walking on air when he learnt that his son had decided that he would finish his studies abroad, would leave Busan with everything—and everyone, especially everyone—who was holding him down. Because to Park Siwo, Jeon Jungkook—the bane of his existence—was the worst thing that ever happened to Jimin. The latter always wanted to laugh at the irony of it all. His father didn’t know Jungkook; he didn’t know who Jungkook was or what he meant to Jimin, and more than anything, he didn’t know about his story with Jimin, yet he still disliked him on principle.Just how many times had Jimin felt the need to make everyone see Jungkook the way he did—see him for everything he was before they judged him for everything he was not. He wished Jungkook would let people come close enough to grasp his beauty, to glimpse it even. But he also felt protective over him—of him.Really, why did he have to lose it all?Heading to grab his bags, Jimin felt a thickness lodging itself in the back of his throat, becoming an accomplice with the ruthless thought haunting him, and making it difficult to breathe.
Not even one last try?
Jimin's heart mourned two losses simultaneously: all they once had, and all they had not, too. And the greater grief was that they had ruined the latter even more so than the former. ✦✦✦ The process of painting Ask for My Heart—of inevitably making it a vehicle for his feelings to transforming it from HYYH into its final form to drawing the last of his pain’s blacks out and into the final product—was a long and tiring one, as seemingly most things having to do with Park Jimin were.On and off for years, even long before he had to face the brutal beauty Jimin's words shaped, Jungkook had been trying to give voice to his love and pain, working on a painting whose final form he dreaded. And perhaps that was why when it was all over, all he had seemed to have created was a mere transformation—was shaping one heartbreak into another. Nothing was certain and he still felt confused and his heart still ached for and from Park Jimin’s touch—but as always everything was up in the air, even when Jungkook was still underwater. If anything, the only certainty having been submerged into Jimin's ocean of words and raw emotions yielded was a sentence—was ask for my heart. Year after year, he wondered—four years and Jungkook is still never sure: Was that a reply, or a request?How could you reply to what wasn’t essentially a question? But maybe that was it. Sometimes a person knew all the answers, and that was precisely why they were not asking the questions. Even the most difficult of them—the unvoiced, the unacknowledged. An ambivalent line blurring an ambiguous line—permission or plea? After all, wasn’t the painting an admission—that he was there and he saw and he ached? If it was Jungkook's I know what you want to say then it certainly held an implicit I feel the same way, and if it was a make a move and I’ll move with you then it held a confessional that’s all I ever wanted. Either way, the painting admitted every single thing he had long been staving off, long been denying.He would wonder why Jimin wasn’t reading but then again, the only love letter he could compose his unintelligible handwriting still managed to mystify—and when he failed to walk the entire distance to deliver it, he decided to lay it on the ocean bed, entombing his feelings once again with the ocean.Ergo Ask for My heart.Ask for My heart.Ask for My heart.He wasn’t even yet in the spotlight but his heart was beating like crazy. Jungkook didn’t have a fear of public speaking, but on seeing the sheer size of his crowd, he started having cold feet. Most of them were college kids, and he knew how to roll with that crowd, but something about talking about art in front of that number of people made his stomach do uncoordinated somersaults.But he had survived worse somersaults, hadn’t he?And so, Jungkook was confidently walking up to the podium as the hostess introduced him and the crowd applauded him. He waited it out, glancing down at his script before looking up to speak. He could feel his heart thudding in his ears as images of impending doom nudged his thoughts. He steeled himself and his voice started filling the room.“’Art and love are the same thing: It’s the process of seeing yourself in things that aren’t you.’” Once he recited the first line, he wasn’t quite seeing the crowd’s faces. He was seeing a reflection—a shadow—that was smugly smiling at him, taunting him. Nothing ever came out of nothing. This was not taking control of the narrative; this was playing out a badly-written script—literally so. Sighing, he raked his fingers through his hair and the corner of his lip quirked up.“You know what? Screw all that jazz.” Gripping the podium, Jungkook shrugged, his smile resting easily on his lips. “My story isn’t inspirational or whatever you're hoping to find here, and, hell, I don’t have it in me to lie and sugar-coat things either. My journey with art was a motherfucking pain in the ass.”There were a few scandalized looks shot mingling with some hushed laughter, but Jungkook was undeterred.“Like so many things in my life, I first approached art with indifference. I wasn’t one of those people who were mad about it and I didn’t have a passion for it till much later—till I was fifteen. When I fell in love with art.” He paused, standing taller as his eyes scanned the room, getting a sense of the attentive faces staring at him and wondering what their stories were.“And I got to learn so much as the years went by.” A pause and he could hear the camera shutters. “I got to learn the difference between art as an invention of the soul and the soul as an invention of art, the I'm home in a we-meet-again hug, and the don’t want to let go in a parting-away hug. I got to understand the difference between cradling a soul and chaining it, between belonging to someone and belonging with someone, between falling and becoming pieces, and falling to learn you were more than those pieces.”He tipped his chin higher, not letting his smile become too melancholy-tinged as he rode the spirals of memories.“The unique language of a gaze—the simple power of one look—all that’s unsaid but understood—and all that begs to be said because we all have to fight for something; the beautiful magic of fusing two souls, but the inevitability of existing outside each other; loving someone in your heart and leaving them in your reality; hiding or even burying your feelings in a painting, and expressing your feelings through it—all of that I got to learn through art.”He paused, eyes cast down briefly, a saccharine-coated memory breaking through the walls he put around his heart.“I got to understand how a world of difference could be created if you use black as a base and if you use black as the final touches.” This was a quantum leap in his emotions, and he was ready. “A person existed in my life who taught me all those lessons gently, those I tried applying through my art. And it is knowing those nuances that makes my art different, it’s understanding they exist—coexist—and trying to express them—those fine lines separating a what-is from a what-isn’t. I fell in love with art because it reminded me of that person, because that person never let me forget what I could be—because they believed what I create matters. I loved art because it was there for me and it was the only way I could cope with life.”Jungkook straightened his back and let the memories lend resonance to his voice, tone going a bit higher as he gained momentum—courage.“Art is like life, like love, you are scared to go into it and you're always impatient, eager to run before you learn how to walk. You want it all or nothing and you can't trust yourself to have it all so you run away, because it’s not easy to put yourself out there for the world to see—it’s not easy to open yourself and invite someone to see the mess you created. But still, your hands start fumbling and you feel your heart anxiously racing and days go by—nights of frustration and blood and sweat and tears and countless times of wondering if it’s really worth it, of asking what it is exactly you're fighting for—and before you know it you're flying, you're hooked on that high and you can't let go. It hurts but it’s also fuck yeah it hurts!”He allowed himself a wistful smile as the younger demographic of his audience laughed. He lingered on some of the faces, making longer eye-contact.“And then, your hand grows steadier, your strokes become bolder, you get greedier, and you will mess up but you don’t have to give up. You don’t have to run away. Art is there because you're letting go, and art is there because you don’t want to let go, because you want something—someone—to live on forever. It’s inevitable you'll stumble and you’ll lose your way, but that’s the beauty of it all. You are bound to let go and find yourself.”Sweet and rough with love—Jungkook didn’t miss that undercurrent to his voice. He could hear how words were losing their meaning in his head until they became only a language his heart was fluent in. Long ago there was a spark, and he was now subsuming it by a deeper, fuller fire. Jeon Jungkook was ready to burn.“For the most part I never had the courage to use anything but black; colours scared me. I was one of those rash immature artists who believed their art had to be tragic else it wasn’t worth expressing, and I set out with stained hands painting everyone who dared come close to me black. Marking them thinking then they’d be mine. I met the most beautiful of people and they were like a white canvas, untouched, pure, untainted and begging for art.” A pause. His eyes felt heavy with the guilt and shame. “I couldn’t draw the line, though, because destruction too was a form of art. A sad, pathetic, twisted and hopeless form of art—just like my love.”Making yet another quick recovery, Jungkook let his voice go an octave higher—head held up high, heart reigned. The feeling maturing within him had finally manifested into a serene smile.“And maybe some realizations are a bit late, but the trick is to never give up. Everything about art is hard and it’ll take so much work and it’ll drain you on all levels but it’s absolutely worth it. There will always be a story to tell, and it hasn’t been told by you. It is because the most honest of art forces you to bare your soul that you'll have to confront the little monsters you create—you'll have to face your creation. But it doesn’t have to be a bloody confrontation. Black can be poetic, but poetry doesn’t always have to be black.”If the falling intonation of the last sentence wasn’t enough of a cue—if the crowd couldn’t yet break free of the sway Jungkook held over them—then his Thank you followed by stepping away from the podium was enough to make the crowd erupt into a round of dazed applause. Jungkook didn’t much care about that—not about the cameras flashing, the people cheering, the door swinging shut. It was about high time he put his words into practice—about time he applied his feelings.For years Jungkook could only think of it like this: If love was an art, then Jimin was this sensual quintessential artist, while he was an erratic emotional-wreck—the Monet to his Van Gogh. But there should be more to the story. Jungkook knew not how long this emotional edging would continue and he knew not how long he could handle it. He might have been in limbo for years, but the thought of not being able to act until after the conference tonight almost tore him apart. When one was finally set on doing something one had feared for the longest time, everything else became inconsequential to one—white noise, static, a desaturated world of greys. It was the most selfish thing he would ever do and he hated to be that person, but Jungkook couldn’t go on forever like this. He had wasted enough time as it was, and this time, he wasn’t going to play it by ear.And it was like the stars were finally aligning for the two of them.Jungkook still got tangled in the congratulatory litany after his speech, but he made it out of there quickly all the same. He noticed he had an email time-stamped with a 5:57 P.M.. From Jimin. The subject line was so long and it alone messed with Jungkook—trust in my heart when it thrums to the tune of our farewell ode, trust in its sincerity, in its pain. His heart was thudding in his ears—ever since watching yesternight’s interview and Jungkook couldn’t handle anything directly having to do with the elder; his afflicted heart even let Jimin's call go to voicemail, refusing to talk to him. But that wasn’t the plan anymore; he was tired of running. And it wasn’t until he was in his car, about to head to his studio to grab a certain thing before going to see Jimin, that he opened the email—that he had his heart broken and rewoven into something else entirely.Jungkook had already made up his mind—long before the conference—but he wasn’t sure if this epiphany was incidental, or spurring him more. Ever since that night with Yoongi and he reached a conclusion: He didn’t want it to be him or I anymore. He wanted to make Jimin see it had always been I. And it took watching Jimin and Taehyung's interview last night to connect the dots—a proposal that never came, Seokjin's words rushing back, VMin nuances viewed in new light. Park Jimin never cheated because he was never taken to begin with, not this time.Right now, as his eyes skidded over the lines, not having enough as he hungrily consumed them—or them him—he was sure about so many things. The email was so long and it was bittersweet; it was Park Jimin talking about his serendipity and its aftermath—eleven years of missed encounters and mourned chances. Jungkook wasn’t sure why this email was sent now; still certain lines were like balm to his aching soul, even after all those years.Every time he thought he was taking control of the narrative, he was just twisting it to fit what he wanted to see—something many of the people close to him had pointed out. The drunken kiss—I never forgot, Jungkook, just like I wasn’t drunk enough not to know what I was doing—what I wanted. I would’ve kissed you all same if I had been sober. You glossed over it like it never happened and I thought that’s how you wanted things to be. Jungkook lingered not at the million apologies—I'm sorry I lied by omission, I'm sorry I never told you about the NDA, I'm sorry I never spoke up either, I'm sorry that even now I'm not speaking and still waiting for you to be braver than I am, I'm sorry if sometimes it felt like I was leading you on, and most of all I'm sorry my feelings sometimes poured out and you got overwhelmed and didn’t know what do with them—what to make of them. He lingered not at how Jimin had wanted to do things by Jungkook's terms, to move at his pace because I was sure we would get there someday and I wanted you to be ready, I wanted you to be comfortable in my heart. Amidst Jimin's fear and pain he kept putting Jungkook before himself; he kept trying not to make the other feel guilty—and it was that one line that had done away with Jungkook's heart.
You're a secret I keep in my heart—to my heart—and not a fucking sin I have to confess. 
So many nuanced interactions could be reevaluated in this light. Park Jimin had always been true to his heart, and Jungkook was true to his fears, refusing to meet head-on the most beautiful moment of his life. And it cost him dearly. He should have acted years ago—asking Jimin to stay, reaching out for Jimin after he read the book of his life so many times he could recite every line by heart, agreeing to meet Jimin on reading the same message on the same site on his birthday for two years, walking up to Jimin in the bar and telling him he wanted him. That he always had, always would—and come hell or high water. So many opportunities Jungkook had been presented with yet he passed up on each single one of them, choosing to hide behind the few painful moments instead of seeking refuge in the sweetness of everything else, in the sanctuary Jimin had made for him in his heart.Halfway through the email, when Jimin was about to start talking about his last day in Busan—when he was telling Jungkook that he was his heart and soul when his heart was still alive—Jungkook felt avalanched by his grief and he refused to finish reading the email. He just tossed his head back, screwed his eyes shut and pinched the bridge of his nose. Years later and the painting with his confession—the vibrant yellow composing the I think I'm in love with you and I'm terrified—still flashed as painfully before his eyes. For a number of torturous minutes, Jungkook was trying not to hate himself, trying to believe this could be saved. This email was of someone letting go, but that was the thing. Six years ago, it was a mutual decision, albeit an excruciating one. Now Jungkook was going to hold on; he never wanted Jimin to slip away from him ever again.And it was about time Park Jimin heard him out—it was about time he saw his heart. ✦✦✦ The instant Jimin made it into his car, he was clutching to his dress-shirt, still finding it hard to breathe. The letter he planned on delivering to Jungkook was still pressing against his heart, and never had anything felt heavier.He was tired of this fight; he was tired of being adrift and he needed a shore to embrace him—even if it meant he were to crash hard against it. It was once again ride or die but Jimin hoped things had changed. He hoped it would be a long ride that proved the poets correct.It was a surprise he could still be present and engage with his surroundings when his mind was a chaotic mess, when his heart was in shambles—thrumming to an anxious beat the longed for release. He couldn’t quite shake Jungkook's image out of his head—the sincere shimmer in his eyes, the confidence lacing his voice, the intensity of his expression—how eloquently he had poured out his heart and how beautiful an art it created. Jimin always knew once Jungkook let go—of his fears, of his reservations, of his charades—and let people see him for who he truly was, it would be impossible for them to tear their eyes away from him. It would be impossible not to fall in love with him. Jimin could tell there was a kind of beauty perceived only through the eyes of love—the kind that made Jungkook poetry-material. But love only accentuated what was already there: Jeon Jungkook was unspeakably beautiful.And so, feeding the directions to Jungkook's studio to the GPS—hoping against hope he would find the boy there—Jimin wasn’t sure what he wanted to achieve. He was still scared; there were a million way this could go south—as proven by every confrontation Jungkook and Jimin had recently had—but he still had hope. Park Jimin liked to remain optimistic.He wasn’t even sure why he opted for the studio, but a distant voice was assuring him. He knew Jungkook; this was the one place he could go to after pouring his heart out for whoever was there to see.And in less than ten minutes, he was testing his theory.Seeing that the door to Jungkook's studio was open albeit the lights were out should have tipped Jimin off to how this was about to become either a dream or a nightmare, depending on how he wanted to interpret it. Being in Jungkook's working space made Jimin realize how little the younger had changed. Or perhaps Jimin was just too fond of the little quirks, of the endearing habits. He could always tell why Jungkook had been protective of his art, hating to have his personal space invaded: It was because Jungkook's art was always personal, especially the work-in-progress. It was like walking into his headspace, wandering through the halls of distorting mirrors in his heart, and trying to make sense of them—even when Jungkook himself was struggling to. Art was intimate, art was an artist’s confidant before anyone else; and no one would want a stranger’s eyes to come as close as ten meters from their innermost thoughts and secrets.Everything about the studio screamed Jungkook—that much Jimin had noticed from his first time there, short as it was. Even in his chaos—in his madness—Jeon Jungkook had order, or maybe Jimin had stared long enough to find the singular mad touch. He loved how it felt as he walked amidst the paintings, with the dangling lamps hailing him and putting the desired painting under the spotlight, making it feel as though it were just him and the painting in this whole wide world. It felt nice; it felt grounded and it felt intimate.Jimin wasn’t sure what had drawn him to the desk in the farthest corner of the studio. Was it because he too had felt too exposed walking between walls with paintings that felt too three-dimensional—that came alive whenever his gaze fell on them and led him through their exuded host of memories—or was it because he felt a more intimate a calling that was varying farther of? Was it too hard looking at the dumped paintings and being able to guess why they were never finished, why every promise in them—of them—was a prick to Jimin's very own heart? All Jimin knew was that the second he stopped before the desk, checking the contents of what looked like memory lane incarnate, he could feel his heart teasing with breathlessness.It was the box he had returned to Jungkook the day he left Busan. But this wasn’t the plot twist; it was the fact that the box had more things than Jimin had left—not even with the selective art pieces he retained for safekeeping. Plushie Van Gogh had found a new home on that desk but, unlike the first time months ago, he was now earless; there was a 60x80 canvas that had a diagonal rip amidst it—one whose original state Jimin could visualize—and there was a folder that he needn’t open to know it would be full of Jungkook's doodles and scribbles. He had seen the younger fill millions of ones like it before. It was the painting that had most caught Jimin's attention, though, and he held it to the light with trembling hands, feeling the air become less and less breathable.On first glance, Jimin thought it was a painting of Jungkook giving him the sun. Except that he had been mistaken. As was the case with the majority of Jungkook's paintings, this one allowed for two simultaneous interpretations; and it took Jimin seeing the date signed at the corner—it took him frantically turning the painting around—to see. Jungkook wasn’t giving him the sun; Jungkook was trading him the sun. He missed it the first time, he missed it the second time, but it was impossible to miss it now.As gently as his erratically-beating heart could allow him, Jimin put down the painting and took a few steps back, touching the two rings on his left ring-finger—remembering how his world had narrowed to the size and shape of those ring pendants—and begging things to make sense. No preceding hungering had made him ache as much—ache to find Jungkook, to talk to him—and he knew he had to seek him out now as though his life depended on it. The sun—this was why—how—Jungkook forfeited the sun. Long before that April night by the sea Jungkook had granted him his one wish; the elder had wanted something and the younger was finally willing to give it to him. Jimin just couldn’t see it. In his fumbling panic, he accidentally knocked one of the folders out of the box, and a paper was slipping out. Jimin's fingers were trembling as he held the paper under the lamp, as he read the eleven items on Jungkook's bucket-list—as his whole being sought to regain its peaceful equilibrium.Park Jimin wasn’t number nine. Park Jimin was in every single one of those wishes, as though Jungkook amended them so he could share every single beautiful moment in his life with Jimin. And number one was reserved for none but ‘be with the loml Jiminie-hyung for eternity and a day’—Jeon Jungkook hadn’t been joking about that one. Reading this now made the confession on the back of the painting—that painting Jimin never got—sound plain tame. It was unbearable.Just how many times had Jungkook confessed and Jimin was blind to it—how many times had he fucked up and their lack of proper communication perpetuated what could have been solved if they had lain down all their cards, if they had been as honest about their feelings to one another as they were about everything else in their lives?Just how many years would they have saved—being together and giving their hearts release—if all of that had been lain on the table? One simple question—Do you love me?—one simple answer—Always—and years of their lives would have been salvaged. Extract the complications, the misunderstandings, the refusal to speak, the refusal to admit the hurt—to acknowledge it—and things would have been so much easier. Have it down to its most basic, stripped formula—I've loved you and I hurt you and you hurt me but I still want you, so let me love you still and let’s have our forever and a day. One question out of its cage—no matter how much they dreaded its weight, no matter how many complications they thought existed—and its answer would have settled things.He couldn’t leave like that; Jimin couldn’t even leave his letter. He had to get answers—a singular answer to one question—from no one but the person in whose palms his heart rested and writhed in turns. Before willing his eyes to tear their gaze away from the list—from the painting, from the desk, from the box, from a living proof of everything that had gone wrong—Jimin had got out his phone and typed a single text—Can we talk?He might have still been so thunderstruck that his sense of time and space wasn’t the most reliable, but Jimin was sure long enough couldn’t have passed for him to hear words that killed and revived his heart in the same breath.“We can.” ✦✦✦ Jungkook was just entering the studio when his phone buzzed, and before he checked it, he had an inkling what it would be about. It had been over an hour since his speech and he still couldn’t quite calm the fierce rush of his heart: Making it through the thirty-minute ride without his heart bursting—or breaking through his ribcage and running wild—was a feat in its own merits. It was long overdue: Jungkook was feeling everything he mistakenly thought he wasn’t permitted to feel; he was feeling every emotion he had been putting a lid on for the past decade come washing over him in overwhelming tides—cleansing, throttling, painful, liberating—controlled by the gravitational pull of the moon holding him that was no one’s but Jimin’s. Jungkook was feeling multitudes of all his starved sins, and they were waiting for deliverance.Light sensors were picking up his footsteps and the sunray-hued lamps were lighting up his way as he approached the figure whose perfume never once parted with his memory—whose every little detail was never evicted out of his heart.“We can.” Jungkook said as he read the text, eyes downcast then returning to linger on Jimin's back. “But there's something I have to get out of the way first.”Jimin was slowly turning around, as though not quite believing that his ears weren’t playing tricks on him. In his eyes flared a light Jungkook knew—a light like a rescue lantern—and he knew he would follow that light as though it were his lifeline. A small sound escaped Jimin's lips as his eyes progressively narrowed, and then he closed them, taking a deep trembling breath. Jungkook was like a blind man first witnessing a sunrise, and he wasn’t about to waste a single second not appreciating its transcendent beauty. He was showing in touch what he couldn’t execute in words: His unfaltering feet were closing the distance, his steady hands were holding Jimin's face, and his unhesitant lips were reuniting with Jimin's—divulging all the secrets his heart had kept buried under its ruins for years.This was linking the scattered moments: This was a kiss spurred by years and years of being kept apart; this was emotions no longer restrained or searching; this was a love escaping the shadows and finding shelter; this was not a blend, but unity—oneness created out of multiplicity while maintaining the uniqueness of each piece.“Yes.” He whispered when he broke free. “The answer is yes.”Sighing against Jungkook's lips, Jimin slowly fluttered his eyes open.“What is even the question, Jungkookie?”“Whatever the question is, it’s always a yes with you.”Jimin’s smile was a million shades of tender notwithstanding the sad edge to it and Jungkook was still wholly rapt in the sweet thin magic of the moment.“There's so much I want to tell you, so many apologies to make—”“Welcome to the club.”Jimin managed a small chuckle, then quietly said, “I never saw any of that—how come I never saw any of that?”Jungkook’s fingers softly slipped over the crevice of Jimin's lips and that beatific look radiating from his eyes was infusing new life into the younger’s soul.“Do you get it now? What it means to be in love with you?”But Jimin was still weightless in the moment, trying to disentangle memories from their shadow, love from its thorns. He met Jungkook's gaze and he seemed to manage only one thought.“You were there,”“I was always there.”“Then what—what's changed now?”Even though Jungkook drew his head back, he still wouldn’t let go of Jimin; he was holding his hand—his gaze, and, hopefully, his heart.“Nothing. Nothing changed and nothing ever will. And that’s the problem. It’s always been you.” Jimin opened his mouth to say something but Jungkook wasn’t quite done yet; he had years’ worth of speeches to make. His heart was beating like war-drums: It was still scary as hell but it was scary in the most beautiful of ways, and he wanted to hold on to it; he wanted to fight for it. He wanted to fight for Jimin. Through the entirety of the ride, Jeon Jungkook wasn’t sure how he could reply to Jimin's email, but one sentence summed up years of pain: I'm sorry I’ve never shown you how much you’ve hurt me: I'm sorry you never knew how much I loved you.“I don't know if it’ll be as easy as loving you, but I'm sure I will wake up years from now regretting letting you go—I don’t want to let you go. Not again, not ever. I'm tired of fighting it, I'm tired of finding excuses why this shouldn’t work while ignoring all the million reasons it would.”There was clarity in Jungkook's eyes and a purity in his voice, and Jimin could see that. The glimmer in his eyes hinted at the harmony the ocean leaves behind—a refuge—and Jungkook's heart could only swell ecstatically.“You and I should’ve always sailed the same ship, and I know it won't always be smooth sailing. But I know you're the person I want by my side when the storm comes and you're also the person I never want to do without. Things might be okay—good even—but they're always so, so much better with you. And I hope you feel the same way about me.”Jimin's hands moved to cup Jungkook's face, eyes veering between the younger’s eyes and his lips, gaze warm with desire. When his voice resolved into words, it was the quiet lulling Jungkook in a far-off sense, the absolution promising and delivering.“Careful, Jeon Jungkook, you keep running your pretty mouth off like that and I’ll make sure you can never run away again. Ever.”Jungkook's tone matched the breathlessness in Jimin's—his eyes the longing. “I’ll consider that a promise.”“You're really asking for trouble, huh?”“It’s about time.” He cracked a smile. “Whatever you ask for, I’d be willing to give you, right? I know you were always there to give me what I wanted and what I needed. And right now I'm asking for your heart, Park Jimin.”“It’s yours.” Jimin eyes lit up with unspeakable fondness, and the rest of his promise was shaping their next kiss—I've always been yours.This was worlds colliding and exploding in a myriad of colours and making sense of all the missing pieces. This was their love that always promised to bind them back. This was a promise to be one another’s altar fulfilled.  That night, as Jungkook lay in Jimin's arms, as Jimin's fingers soothingly played with his hair, he secured a promise from Jungkook—Promise me you'd never bar me from your heart like that, promise me you'll always be honest about how you feel with me. And Jungkook needn’t vocalize those promises; this was a mature relationship and it was going to be founded on communication—even when it was going to be hard. Park Jimin was always the person around whom he could be himself, even when he wasn’t sure who that person was—and he was going to let that person be loved; he was going to love Jimin with all he had. And as Jimin's breathing lulled him to sleep, he drifted away knowing nothing could ever be as half as bad as long Jimin was with him. This was the calm and the serenity of the ocean; this was his heart returning to him—the love of his life. The next morning, Jimin did indeed wake up to an empty bed, but this time Jungkook had left a plate of Hotteoks along with Van Gogh’s ear and a cheesy note for him—promising to be on time for tonight’s date.He needn’t be there to know how giddy this gesture had made Jimin—how he clutched the ear as though it were the only thing keeping the universe in balance. Eleven years ago Park Jimin had gifted him a plushie whose ear was reattachable—an ear that said Give this to someone you love. Eleven years ago and Jungkook wanted to give it to no one but his other half—his better half. Eleven years later and he finally does. Jungkook was contemplating a handful of ideas for their date; there were just so many places he wanted to take Jimin to, so many things he wanted to do with him—so much lost time to make up for. Eventually he settled on something simple and inconspicuous for this night, though he still had a surprise for Jimin.They were in one those skyscraper-restaurants, having dinner at a quiet table by the glass-façade, watching the sky became a glistening tapestry of stars and talking about this and that. Jungkook was particularly taken with how the light from outside was casting a soft glow across Jimin's face, wondering if he would ever be able to capture the exact shade of those alluring eyes. Regardless of how he had more than solid proof that Park Siwo hated him, Jungkook was at the point of suggesting they go to Busan in the weekend—for a little escapade—when Jimin Uno-reversed him.“Or we can book a flight to Tokyo,”Jungkook's smile, albeit giddy, was cautious, and he put down his glass to assess how serious Jimin was.“Dumping everything and taking an impromptu vacation—it’s that easy?”“Everything is that easy with you, Jeon Jungkook.”Funny how after all those years simple words tumbling out from Park Jimin’s graceful lips could send Jungkook's heart into overdrive. He coughed—because apparently choking on the feelings threatening to make your heart implode was indeed a Thing™—and nodded, hand moving across the table and drawing along the outlines of Jimin's rings. Despite promising himself not to cry over the past because eternity was stretched before them, he found himself dipping into the pools of nostalgia.“When did you get them engraved?”Jimin looked at his ring finger and smiled. “On my twenty-fourth birthday. It was either that or another tattoo. Or the words tattooed.”“Well, imagine if we ended up having matching tattoos.”Jungkook quipped, barely saying it like a joke, but Jimin was laughing all the same—Well, we kinda do, plus we’re tethered in a different way.For a number of beats, they just stared one another in the eye, as if tracing each other’s outlines and recreating them to fill all the spaces of the past.“Okay so Tokyo this weekend, but I'm taking you to Disneyland, it’s non-negotiable.”“Ohh,” Jimin leaned across the table, propping his head up on the heel of his hand. “Adding one more item to your bucket-list, Jungkook-ssi?”“As the love of my life you're obliged to indulge me and so you will go through each and every item with me, and with your name appended to them, I believe it’s only fair.”Yesternight as Jimin teased—tickled—his face, his ears, his neck—with the bucket-list, Jungkook turned the situation around, flustering Jimin as he pinned him down on bed, looking deeply into his eyes and saying, There might’ve only been one thing I haven’t achieved on that list till now, but I want to redo them; I want to live those moments again with you… just better.He felt no shame when Jimin was reading the list—have something life-changing happen to me, paint my first masterpiece, get tattoos, fall in love (kiss hyung), learn MMA so I can have a match with hyung, travel around the world (with hyung), learn English (and Japanese so I can impress hyung), prove my worth to hyung, buy one of hyung’s books, become a household name in the art industry, be with the loml (Jiminie-hyung) for eternity and a day. Jungkook could feel no shame being looked at with such kind eyes.“I know we promised not to poke at the past because we have the entirety of the future together, but I can't help but wonder,” Jimin's eyes briefly looked down before meeting Jungkook's again. “Back then, why did you sleep with Tae?”“I was hurt and I wanted to hurt you.” Jungkook was surprised at how easily he said the words now, as though he hadn’t spent years being eaten alive by them. His smile was apologetic and his expression softened. “It was okay that I was never important enough for you to even mention me to your boyfriend, but I couldn’t take how you shared something that was uniquely ours with him. I felt cheap and dispensable and stupid. Cue my clown actions.”When Jimin was done laughing, he locked eyes with Jungkook, smile playful and full of itself.“Well you got one of those things right because you're an idiot, Jungkook. Tae didn’t know about you because I wanted to keep you to myself. Haven’t you ever loved something so much you were so protective over it and didn’t want the world to know about it—about you?”Us. They had always been on the same page, just how could they not see it? He too was one to jump to fine conclusions: Kim Taehyung was Jimin's boyfriend, of course he would have seen him naked—of course he would have seen his tattoo. If only Jungkook had known Jimin had had that tattoo—this was as loud as confessions could get. Though with him and his degree from Clown University, he questioned if things would have turned out differently. Perhaps they had to walk those exact paths to end up where they were—perhaps this was how they tried, trained, and strengthened their love, everything notwithstanding.“Is that why you decided to send me the email, because you no longer wanted to keep those feelings to yourself and wanted to give them back to me?”“What email, Jungkook—?” Jimin's eyebrows were halfway knitting in confusion when he leaned back in his seat, words hanging off his tongue—Oh, no. And then he burst into giggles, clutching his stomach as Jungkook watched, smile lopsided and puzzled, yet still somehow amused.“What, was it your doppelgänger who sent me the email or something?”“Close. My ex-paramour.” Jimin wiped a tear from the corner of his eye, fishing his phone out of his jacket—My idiot half that I love so much. He was scrolling through his phone when a sudden thought hit him so he averted his gaze to Jungkook. “If you hadn’t gotten that email, would you have not come to the studio?”And Jungkook was shaking his head softly. “I was dead set on telling you how I feel that day. Even if it was the last thing I do in my life. The email just made me more acutely aware of my old wounds—of yours. Whatever the question is, it’s always a yes with you, remember?”Jimin smirked, glancing up briefly. “Even if it’s Let’s ditch TaeTae’s corpse in the river?”Laughing, Jungkook bit his lip and watched Jimin’s eyes flick back to his phone screen. He was still murmuring something about killing Taehyung when all Jungkook could think of was a whispered prayer to him—a thank you.Things have a funny way of turning up, even if a decade later. They were meant to be and both Jeon Jungkook and Park Jimin were tired of pretending otherwise. And it was about time they jumped into the sweet unknown together. ✦✦✦ In thirteen months, in a special gala night two weeks after the movie premiere and one week after Stay for Me publication, Jungkook’s eyes will catch Taehyung's through the distance, he will lift his glass in a cheers and Taehyung will genuinely smile back as Seokjin's arm snake around his waist. That night he will be introducing Jimin to one of the most important patrons in his career. He will watch as Jimin gracefully makes his way through the crowd, locking his celestial eyes with none but he himself while throwing him a wholesome smile that never fails to make Jungkook's insides melt with love; and he will smile back, still not believing someone this ethereal is his to love and hold. Jimin will stop by his side and Jungkook will rest one hand classily on the small of his back, charmingly turning to his patron, and he will say,“Taiji-ssi, this is Park Jimin, my ex-boyfriend.”And Jimin will resist rolling his eyes, smiling ever so radiantly—It’s been months, Jungkook, when are you going to stop doing that—as he watches the two older men knit their eyebrows in confusion, their smiles uncertain; and he will say,“Hi, I'm his fiancé.”And that night when they’re cocooned in each other’s arms after writing poems on each other’s hearts and painting one another’s skin with all the reds of love, Jimin will bite Jungkook's lower lip and Jungkook will moan, asking for trouble; and all Jimin will do is whisper chastising words against Jungkook's mouth.“That was for earlier—for introducing me not for all I am.”And Jungkook will laugh, happily taking Jimin's lips—managing a Because I should’ve introduced you as Park Jimin, the international phenomenon and sensational writer?
Because you should’ve introduced me as the poets say.

And how is that, Jimin-ssi?
But Jimin will only smirk, and he will do away with Jungkook's heart like so many times before.“You are half of my soul, Jeon Jungkook. Work this one out for yourself.”And Jungkook will only kiss him back, because the poets were right: Park Jimin is half of his soul, and all of his heart.



Chapter End Notes
so i had the seeds for this story when i was 18 but i never picked it up bc the artist and the person in me had a conflict of interest  again and i just couldnt write it the way it shouldve beenORIGINALLY this was going to be an annoying love triangle—one so prominent that the vmin was going up in the relationship tags—but when i was brainstorming for this story late april trying to not give up on it bc it had a premise i wanted to write for so long i realized maybe i could reach a compromise; and i did: admittedly i could see it would make my story weaker but my artistic choices then wouldnt weigh so heavily on my conscience (real rich coming out from me when i still hate how i handled the vmin; i will refrain from commenting tho bc i dont want my Takes™ to affect yours' if you have any /youtuber’s voice/ let me know in the comments below)here’s the breakdown: it's always been jikook endgame; it plays out the same even the argument scenes—tho some lines had to be amended to make more sense with the new storyline—BUT originally:1.	vmin wouldve been really dating till now which wouldve created more unsolicited drama+ torn jikook apart; ergo annoying love triangle2.	the ‘betrayal’ scene of then wouldve been BLATANT cheating; tae wouldnt have paused jm, but april night for jikook would still have happened all the same ergo blatant cheating + tae wouldnt have known about it then (he’d find out later as he reads LULtStB in new light after connecting too many dots on the course of being around now-jikook with their baggage). vmin would break up all the same tho3.	jikook then wouldve ''''unofficially dated'''' for like 2wks post april-trip/vmin breaking up but lil scared jk ends up fucking it up by saying they were never together (which wouldve made his 'it meant nthg' and that 'he doesnt do relations' sharper daggers twisting in jms heart)4.	jimi’s then characterization wasnt that ‘toxic*’: i say this with caution—and trepidation tbh—but 'stringing sb along' regardless of context is at the end of the day toxic (i had my qualms writing jimis character here but thats another thing im refraining from commenting on) he still wouldnt have ‘spoken up’; he wouldve been making moves but he wouldve never once pulled back not even playfully (hence never once giving jk the chance to misread his intentions) and he would be Frustrated tho it wouldnt have made any difference—meaning it wouldnt have factored much in the formula of their love bc jk wouldve still been too scared to dive in (ergo it meant nothing)  so heres why it didnt turn out like that; i didnt want to:1.	make tae collateral damage (dump your established s/o in a heartbeat for sb else? i dont fuck with that you guys; this is not a YA novel or some bad romcom; i do that and next thing i know id be writing 'he let out a breath he didnt know he was holding' and giving you manic-pixie-dream boys, no, just… no)2.	write vmin intensely—as you can probs tell by now, is my modus operandi handling relationships—when it's jikook endgame aka when jms love for jk will trump that of his for tae (also please refer back to conflict between artist/person)3.	absolve either of jikook from their share of the blame as regards their past 'mistakes'; they messed up bc they were young/foolish/scared and not bc of any external factor (cf. vmin, bad timing, jks ''''cheating'''') which generally explains why all the then’s only delineate jikook moments+ individual/growth ones in relation to jikook (im aware at points i pulled the cheap card of ‘asking you to believe the reasons instead of showing you said reasons to believe' but i was more concerned w/ the reaction rather than the action itself and i didnt want to draw the story out longer/spend more on building it up— oKAY MAYBE AUTHOR GOT LAZY WHAT ABOUT IT??)anyway… this means that jikook had to ‘fix’ what they broke themselves not what was incidental to some grand mess-up of a scheme they had no hands in4.	shift all the blame to be on jk: by making jm the one to make all the right moves yet only get shit in return im basically painting him as a saint while turning koo into the villain in this story and i didnt want the blame to lie with just one of them bc they were equally culpable of killing their loveTL;DR their messy situation was on them—on jks being scared/back on his flings bs; on jms fears/mistrust; on the silence, the miscommunication; on being just kids—their love had to be bleeding by and in their handsi can spend the entire day pointing out the shortcomings of this story but guess thats the only glaring thing that might warrant some clarification. thanks for sticking to the end and reading this A/N, huge shoutout to you guys!uwu,enn.



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



