



Into the Fire - Taejin4eva - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Into the Fire
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/17021433.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
Graphic Depictions Of Violence
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Kim Seokjin | Jin/Kim Taehyung | V, Kim Namjoon | RM/Park Jimin, Jeon Jungkook & Min Yoongi | Suga
Character:
Kim Seokjin | Jin, Kim Taehyung | V, Kim Namjoon | RM, Min Yoongi | Suga, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Park Jimin (BTS), Jeon Jungkook
Additional Tags:
Underage Drinking, toxic home life, Relationship Struggles, Explicit Sexual Content, learning to love one's self, infatuation to love, Heavy Angst, Fluff, Smut, Top Kim Seokjin | Jin, Sub Kim Taehyung | V, Bottom Kim Taehyung | V, Dom Kim Seokjin | Jin
Collections:
TAEJIN WEEK 2018
Stats:

        Published: 2018-12-16
          Completed: 2019-05-18
          Chapters: 18/18
        Words: 79644
      

Into the Fire
by Taejin4eva
Summary
18yr Kim Taehyung becomes immediately infatuated with 20yr Kim Seokjin upon first meeting. Diving in head first into what he thought was true love, he soon learns that Seokjin comes from a toxic home life and lives a dangerous lifestyle. The more he tries to struggle to make it work, the more he finds himself losing the idea of what love is. He finds himself asking, can love save a broken person? And can Seokjin change his ways to be with Taehyung?
Notes
ATTENTION: PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE CONTINUING THE STORYThis goes to young and mature females/ males reading this story. This story is about toxic love. The most important thing is this is a fiction story NEVER and I mean NEVER fantasize or fetishize a toxic love. I know we see in kdramas or anime of the person being super possessive and think it's cute. Reality is possessiveness is a Red Flag and the first sign of manipulation and later on abuse. Just want to spread a light on what toxic love looks like and the red flags to avoid. However, because this is Taejin and I love them there will be a light at the end of the tunnel. Just remember you can love someone all you want but you CAN'T change them. Only they can change themselves. There will be heavy angst but no real physical abuse. I want to focus on manipulation, verbal, mental and emotional abuse since those are harder to see. I'm sharing my story with you all. Pls use my story as a guide to avoid toxic love. Thank you for reading this!! <3




Prologue Diary Entry




*Tae's Journal Entry*
 
December 30th, 2016,
 

When I was about fourteen, I always wondered what kind of love I would experience. 

 

After all, it was so hard for me since I wasn't normal like my other guy friends. 

 

I won't go through the whole shebang of how I discovered I was gay, but it was something I just knew for a long time. 

 

So, I always wondered how my first time would go. 

 

W


ho would be my first love, and would they be the first I end up with forever.

 

...*sighs* I have so much to unleash right now but I know if I info dump it will leave confusion and I'll probably leave a lot of things out. 

 

So let me start from the beginning. It all started on my birthday on December 30th, 2013 when I was 18 and I met him ...





Chapter One




*
MOOD MUSIC LIST*

Ariana Grande- Into You

Christina Aguilera- When You Put Your Hands on Me
  

*December 30th, 2013. College New Year Eve's Party*

 Taehyung tightly held on to his beer. He watched as his friends downed their beers back to back. He just couldn't, he never had a drink before. What if he got drunk to the point he passed out and ended up god knows where."TaeTae you're still babysitting that beer?" His friend/roommate Jimin asked."I'm not much of a beer drinker."He placed his hand on Taehyung's shoulder. "Relax buddy, your parents aren't going to find out you had some drinks, loosen up." he laughed. Taehyung chuckled softly and took a big swig of his beer. His cheeks puffed up as the liquid filled his mouth. "Now swallow it." Jimin laughed out.Taehyung groaned and swallowed it. He cringed as it slid down his throat causing him to shiver as his stomach bubbled."See was it that bad?""Not at all." Taehyung lied. He knew he wasn't convincing but Jimin's drunk ass wouldn't have caught on it."Hey gays."Jimin and Taehyung turned around and smiled when they saw Hoseok."Hey Hyung, I was looking for you," Jimin said."I know I disappeared. So we're gonna play a game you guys in?""What game?" Taehyung tilted his head."A little drinking game but it's just for us gay guys. We're all gonna gather in Daehee's room.""I'm all for it," Jimin said and they looked at Taehyung.He wanted to say no but he didn't know anyone else outside of Jimin and Hoseok and standing alone didn't sound fun to him. He gripped his beer and slowly nodded."I'll come.""Awesome! Let's go!" Hoseok led them upstairs and they went into a dorm room where 10 other guys were piled in. Taehyung looked at the different guys, he knew they had to be upperclassmen. He wondered if he and Jimin were the youngest ones. They sat on the floor and Hoseok introduced them to the others. The main name that stuck out to him was Kim Seokjin, maybe it wasn't the name. It was probably the face attached to the name. He had seen many good looking guys but this guy's looks was on another level. He wondered if he was a model in training or something. There was no way he was an ordinary guy.His eyes must've lingered on the older male long enough to get his attention. Their eyes met and Taehyung immediately looked away gulping. He had hoped he didn't have to say anything to him."Okay, we'll play spin the bottle first and whoever it lands on will start and we'll go clockwise," Daehee said and spun the bottle. The bottle landed on a young man with candy blue hair, he looked bored and annoyed the bottle landed on him. "Yoongles, you first!" Daehee said. "Truth or dare."He sipped his beer. "Truth.""Is there anyone in this room that's fuckable to you?"Yoongi scanned the room, Taehyung looked at him for a moment before looking down."I see about three that I would fuck." he shrugged."Who?!" Practically everyone asked but Yoongi smirked."You'll have to find out if I pick truth again. Joonie, truth or dare.""Truth."He rolled his eyes. "Boring.""I don't trust you Hyung and I don't want to have to drink bleach all because you dared me to lick the toilet." Everyone laughed out."Fair. How old were you when you first sucked a dick?"Namjoon sighed deeply slapping his forehead. "13.""WHAT?!!" Chaos filled the room."Our uni's top student is a dick sucking veteran!" Hoseok exclaimed everyone laughed out. Namjoon gave him the middle finger.The turns went, Taehyung did his best to keep the blood from flowing to his face as he watched one guy flash his dick, another two make out. If those were the dares, he was afraid of what he might get. However, the truths were scary too and if you passed you had to take 4 shots. Either way, he was fucked.His ears perked when it was Seokjin's turn. He watched as the beautiful young man sipped from his plastic blue cup and smiled at Daehee."Jin Hyung, truth or dare.""As much as you want me to pick dare. I'm not though," he smirked, and the others groaned. "truth.""You suck Jin Hyung, anyway, for truth ...who in this room would you hook up with?"The room became silent as everyone stared at Seokjin, his eyes scoped around the room. Taehyung noticed a guy named Ha-Ung staring intensely at Seokjin. His eyes lit up as he watched Seokjin sipping from his blue cup."Yoongi." he replied, Yoongi spit his drink out as everyone roared in laughter except Taehyung who was confused as to why this was even funny."Fuck off Jin! You're jerking us!""Be serious Hyung!" Namjoon told him."Fine, no one.""What?" Gisu gasped. "No one in here?""Nope, just telling the truth." he shrugged. Taehyung froze when Seokjin looked at him and winked. He glanced around to see if anyone saw it. He wasn't sure if Ha-Ung saw it but he was scowling at him. He looked down at the beer he was still babysitting.Before he knew it, it was his turn and he was relieved and scared that Jimin was giving him the truth or dare option."TaeTae, truth or dare?""Truth.""How many guys did you hook up with in high school?""Hook up?""Yeah," he shrugged. "anything like make-out, oral sex, fuck sessions."Taehyung gulped and rubbed the back of his neck. "Zero."There was a gasp in the room."Did you hook up with anyone in middle school then?" Gisu asked. Taehyung shook his head no."Are you a virgin?" Daehee asked."Hey guys, hold on he answered his question," Hoseok said and Taehyung let out a sigh of relief. He asked Hoseok truth or dare. Hoseok picked dare and Taehyung dared him to do aeygo which Hoseok did with no problems. This caused many to laugh and others to cringe.Taehyung looked at his cell phone that vibrated in his pocket.
Jiminie: I'm sorry if I made you uncomfortable. I was trying to give you an easy truth.
Taehyung smiled and patted Jimin on the shoulder. Jimin let out a sigh of relief. He knew Jimin didn't mean anything by his question and it wasn't like he ever told Jimin he was an unkissed virgin, to begin with.Once everyone went Daehee changed up the rules. It didn't have to go in order anyone was fair game.The bottle landed on Ha-Ung and he looked at Taehyung."Hey Tae, truth or dare?"Fear filled his body, he knew if he said truth then he would be asked if he was a virgin. It wasn't that he was ashamed of it but it was also something he didn't wish to share with people he just met. How bad could the dare be, he thought."Dare." he whispered. Jimin and Hoseok looked at him. Ha-Ung chuckled."Brave one I see.""Give him something silly to do." Hoseok laughed."That's boring." Daehee sighed."Hey! My ayego was very entertaining!" Hoseok snapped and they laughed."I dare you to give Jin a peck on the lips," he smirked.Taehyung trembled as Seokjin's dark brown eyes stared at him. He had the cup up to his mouth, so it was hard to see if he was annoyed or fine with it.Taehyung gripped his fingers and slowly stood up."TaeTae." Jimin called out.Taehyung watched as Seokjin raised his eyebrow as the younger approached him. He took a deep breath as Seokjin eyed him up and down. Taehyung turned back and saw everyone looking at him. He looked back at Seokjin's plush lips, they looked so soft. He wondered how they would feel against his lips.His eyes traveled up to Seokjin's eyes and a shiver went down his back."I'm sorry, I can't." he moved back and stormed out the room."TaeTae!" Jimin ran after him. Taehyung wiped the tears from his eyes. "I'm sorry.""You didn't do anything wrong.""I'm frustrated with myself. I could've kissed him and been done with it, but I chickened out." he wiped his eyes again.Jimin patted his back. "Don't beat yourself up about it. You've never kissed anyone before, right?""Right.""I wouldn't want to lose my first kiss to a stranger I didn't know. You did the right thing.""Hey TaeTae, are you okay?" Hoseok asked walking over to them."I am, sorry if I cause a scene."Hoseok gently nudged his shoulder. "Don't even worry about that. Ha-Ung is an asshole. He probably assumed that you had some type of attraction to Jin Hyung, but he knew you wouldn't do it, that's why he dared that.""Is Jin Hyung his boyfriend?" Taehyung asked."No, they just mess around that's about it. Jin Hyung wouldn't date Ha-Ung, Ha-Ung latches on to bad boys so ..." Hoseok shrugged."Bad boy?" Jimin laughed. "Jin Hyung looks so innocent."Hoseok laughed. "Heh, Jin Hyung is a great actor I'll put it like that. Come on, let's go party.""You don't want to go back to your game?" Taehyung asked.Hoseok waved his hand and wrapped his arm around their shoulders. "Hanging with my dongsaengs is more fun. TaeTae you need to join our dance club.""Right! I keep telling him that!"Taehyung laughed. "I'll think about it." He enjoyed his vacation before hitting the books again. He had seen the other guys from the party. They all apologized to him for Ha-Ung's actions. Speaking of which he had even seen Ha-Ung around on the campus, of course, Ha-Ung had nothing to say to him, which he was fine with. It was odd to him that he hadn't see Seokjin. It wasn't like he was searching for him, but he thought he would at least run into the college junior once or twice. Maybe it was a sign that he didn't need to see him. He had been a good kid all his life he had never gotten in trouble and he didn't want to start.His cell phone rang. He smiled. "Hey Auntie.""Hey baby, I miss you so much."He laughed. "I was literally home a week ago.""So, what, I'm allowed to miss my only nephew. How is everything so far?""Good. My friends want me to join their dance club but I'm a little hesitant.""Why? You're a great dancer.""I'm a little shy.""Don't be shy, you're a great dancer. Come out your shell a bit." She giggled. "You're just like your mother, I swear.""Am I?""Carbon copy."It always made him happy when his aunt and uncle told him that. He didn't have many memories of her, but it made him happy that he could at least continue her legacy."How is Gukie?""He's doing good. He misses you like crazy. He says he's studying extra hard, so he can go to the same uni as you.""Tell him to call me when he has free time."Jimin and Hoseok walked inside the room with a case of beer."I'm gonna go back to studying so I'll talk to you later.""Okay honey. I love you.""I love you too." he hung up and looked at them."Aww, you were talking to mommy?" Hoseok teased."No, I was talking to my aunt actually."Jimin sat on his bed and grabbed a beer. "Now that I think about it, you speak to your aunt a lot, don't you?""Yeah, she raised me since I was five. My mom passed away from an illness.""I'm so sorry," Hoseok said as Jimin nodded."Me too!"Taehyung shook his head. "Don't feel bad, please. I'm okay talking about it and I'm more than grateful for my aunt. I'm excited my younger cousin wants to come here after he graduates high school.""Aww, what grade is he in?""He's in his 3rd year of high school so hopefully he'll be here next school year.""Yay and we won't be the babies anymore," Jimin exclaimed."What are you talking about? You're always gonna be the baby." Hoseok pinched Jimin's cheek making him groan. Taehyung laughed out."Jiminie is a baby.""Yah shut up! I'm older than you!"Taehyung laughed out. There was a knock on the door."The guys are stopping in to have some drinks," Jimin said. "Don't worry we're not playing any games. " Jimin opened the door. "Hey guys."Taehyung was relieved when he didn't see Ha-Ung with them. His heart pounded when Seokjin appeared with the group."Hey, hey!" Daehee smiled and everyone took a seat in the room. Taehyung offered his bed and sat in the computer chair.Yoongi handed him a beer but Taehyung declined. He didn't feel like babysitting a drink he wasn't going to finish. As he was in the middle of sipping his soda, Gisu turned to him."You don't drink TaeTae?""Not really. I never had a drink before coming here. So I'm not really used to the taste."Daehee gave him the thumbs up. "You're a good kid, stay that way!""Most freshmen start off pure and by sophomore year they've cracked," Yoongi stated sipping his beer."Are you talking about yourself?" Hoseok teased poking his cheek.Yoongi scoffed. "Pure was never in my dictionary." Everyone laughed out.After everyone started the second case of beer. Taehyung grabbed his coat and went to sit outside for a while. A part of him wished he could get drunk with them and act wild and crazy, but he didn't know how to let loose. Maybe it was from how he was raised, to always have manners, put school work first and always be mindful how you look in public.He shoved his hands in his pockets and sat off on the side. He stared at the stars, they weren't as bright as they were back home, but he wasn't complaining. He began counting how many he could see clearly until he heard the door open. His eyes widened a bit when Seokjin stepped out. He lit a cigarette and their eyes met. Taehyung gave him a meek smile as Seokjin walked over to him."You're actually sitting out here?"Taehyung shrugged. "I'm a winter baby, the cold doesn't bother me."Seokjin leaned against the pillar and nodded. "I see ...I'm winter baby too. When's your birthday?""It pasted not too long ago, December 30th."He nodded. "I'm December 4th."Taehyung laughed. "That's awesome, we're both December babies.""Yes, we are."Taehyung watched as Seokjin took a drag of his cigarette. He couldn't lie, he was curious about the young man. He had such an enigmatic aura about him that intrigued Taehyung."I don't think I've ever seen you on campus." he ended up saying and Seokjin looked at him. "After the party, I've seen the other guys around, but I haven't seen you."The temperature in Taehyung's body increased when a smirk played on Seokjin's lips."You were looking for me or something?"The blood rushed to Taehyung's face, his throat tightened, and his stomach knotted. Did he make it that obvious?"Um ...well I always look for a familiar face ..."Seokjin laughed. "You're funny. I thought you were going to give me a cuter answer like 'Oh Hyung, I didn't mean it like that, I was just curious ...' while stammering." he shrugged. "But I'll accept that answer too."Taehyung tilted his head. "Do you think I can give out cute answers?"Seokjin looked at him. "You're very cute so I know you can."Once again, the heat rose in his body and the blood came rushing to his face. He had no idea what type of talk this even was. Were they casually talking or flirting?Taehyung looked down and played with his fingers. "I don't think I am ...""Why?"He shrugged. "I don't know I feel more awkward than anything.""But that's what makes you cute." Seokjin tossed his cigarette. "You're still pure and innocent so of course you'll have an awkwardness about you but it's more attractive than off-putting."Taehyung looked at him with widened eyes. He then looked down. "I wish to be less awkward.""Well, that comes with experience." Seokjin shrugged slipping his hands in his pocket. "The more you experience, the less awkward things become for you. It's all about living life.""You have so much confidence Hyung, have you experienced a lot in life?"Seokjin chuckled and looked up at the sky. "I've experienced way more than I've ever wished to. I just learned to go with the flow and take the punches life had to offer."Taehyung chuckled. "That's an interesting way of looking at things.""I'm a free spirit." he winked. "And to answer your earlier question. You won't see me on campus a lot, I'm only taking a handful of classes, so I can work more.""Oh,""Don't worry though, if there's a party or gathering I'll be there."Taehyung stared at him and before he could stop himself his lips moved. "Hyung, where you disappointed that I didn't kiss you that night?" he wanted to shove his foot in his mouth right after. He had no idea why he asked that. Maybe, in reality, he was the one who was filled with disappointment. Seokjin could kiss whoever he wanted. Why would he be disappointed over an unkissed virgin?"To be honest with you ...I actually was a little disappointed.""What?" Taehyung blinked in confusion."You remember when I said I wasn't into anyone in the room?" Taehyung nodded. "I was lying, I just didn't want to bring any unnecessary attention to you. But if you were to give me the time of day I'd be all over you."Taehyung's body twitched, and he let out a nervous chuckle. "Why would you want to do that? I'd be a waste of time since I have no experience in that area.""What are you saying? There's no way you're a waste of time. Everyone started off like you at some point. They just had to experience life."Taehyung sighed. "I know but when will my time? I always wonder if I'm going to be like this forever. I can't even approach guys that I'm attracted to because I'm scared, I'm not good enough." he looked down at his lap.Their eyes met when Seokjin tilted Taehyung's chin up. "You're perfect, and if you approach a guy and he doesn't like you ...well ...fuck him. That's his loss but don't go around feeling like you're not good enough because trust me you are."Taehyung trembled when he realized how close they were. The cold wasn't even a factor to him anymore, his body was too hot, and he wanted to feel more of that heat. He needed that rush to fill his body. He wanted to take some of Seokjin's warmth.He ended up leaning forward and Seokjin captured his lips in a swift movement. Their lips pressed together, Taehyung's hands crept up to Seokjin's broad shoulders as Seokjin moved between his legs grasping his waist.Seokjin leaned down more. In a closed lip kiss, Taehyung could feel how soft Seokjin's lips were. They were plump, plush and felt like silk. He shivered when Seokjin's tongue caressed against his lips. He ended up moaning out softly. As soon as his lips parted, Seokjin's tongue penetrated his mouth.He gripped Seokjin tighter, Seokjin's tongue was fully exploring every inch of his mouth. His body jolted with pleasure when their tongues stroked together. He was able to see how experienced Seokjin was in kissing. He literally sucked his breath away. He could taste the beer and cigarette from his mouth and as much as he thought he would hate it, he began loving it. Maybe because it was from Seokjin, so he didn't mind the taste.Seokjin slowly parted from his lips along with the warmth Taehyung was desperately trying to cling to. Seokjin chuckled and pecked his lips."We need to stop before we end up doing something, you're not ready for."Feeling how tight his jeans were Taehyung agreed. He was grateful Seokjin was sensible because he might've just taken it too far from how his body was feeling."I'm heading out for the night."Taehyung stood up from where he was sitting. "You're not coming back in?""Gotta get some rest, I have class and work in the morning. Do you want to exchange numbers?""Yeah sure." They exchanged numbers, Seokjin parted from Taehyung with a kiss to his forehead. The heat spread throughout his body once again.Later that night Taehyung laid in his bed. He heard Jimin's soft snores. He tried going to sleep but he kept tossing and turning thinking about Seokjin. If he was able to make him this hard just kissing him. He could only imagine what he would do if they touched.Fuck! He was hard again! He had to handle this, or no sleep was going to come his way. He reached over and poured some lotion in his hand. He slowly began stroking his cock, his back arched and his sighed softly. His legs spread further apart.He pictured Seokjin hovering over him. First, he would experience that expertise kiss again. Seokjin then would travel down to his neck where he would plant kisses and hickeys all over him. Giving him hard love bites that would later turn into bruises. Seokjin would strip him piece from piece until he was completely naked underneath the older male. He would stroke Taehyung using his hands and mouth.Taehyung's hips bucked as his hand began stroking himself faster.
Seokjin would look up at him as he rolled his cock in his mouth. Licking everything from the tip of his head down to his balls that were throbbing. Seokjin would lube his fingers up and slid them inside of him. His fingers would go as far and deep as they could.

Taehyung covered his mouth, so he didn't moan out too loud. He shut his eyes tightly.

Seokjin would kiss his lips and slide inside of him. Their bodies would move as one. Seokjin would have him in every position that was possible until they both came everywhere.

Taehyung's back arched, and he bit his bottom lip as he came all over his hand. He sighed deeply. He used his sock to clean himself off. He sighed deeply and stared at the darkness. He didn't know what Seokjin had done to him but he wanted more.
 

*February 2014*

Taehyung sat in the library, he was supposed to be studying but instead he was texting Seokjin with the biggest smile plastered on his face.
Jin Hyung: Come over, I'm bored.

: You're supposed to be at work Hyung -_-

Jin Hyung: I finished all my work though...

: I gotta study

Jin Hyung: I know ...where are you? I'll come to your dorm instead.

: At the library rn

Jin Hyung: I'll meet you at your dorm

: -_- fine...you're so persistent

Jin Hyung: Isn't that what makes me lovable?

Jin Hyung: Are you hungry? I'll bring you some food.

: Yes!!

Jin Hyung: LOL, I knew you would be happy. See you in 20 mins

: Kay.
Taehyung packed his books up and rushed out the library."TaeTae, where are you going in a rush?" Jimin asked as they ran into each other."I'm gonna study at the dorm for a while.""Ok, I was gonna go to the dance club after classes with Hobi Hyung. Do you wanna tag along?""What time are you gonna be there until?"Jimin shrugged. "Our last class ends about four and dance practice is about three hours and since we hang out after dance practice ...I probably won't be back until some time tonight.""I'll text you when I finish studying.""Sounds like a plan. See ya.""See ya." Taehyung rushed towards the dorms, he felt bad for abandoning his studies for today but one day didn't hurt anyone. He would just have to make it up with extra studying.He got inside his dorm and fixed his bed and the room. He and Jimin didn't have much of a mess but they were both lazy about doing laundry. He managed to shove their clothes in the closet and sat at his desk. He figured he'd study until Seokjin arrived.Exactly twenty minutes later, Seokjin knocked on the door. Taehyung let him inside and Seokjin held up a bag."I hope I wasn't too late.""Not at all, you were right on time."Seokjin set up the food and Taehyung immediately began eating."Where did you get such yummy food?"Seokjin smiled. "I made it.""What?! Seriously?!" Taehyung exclaimed louder than he meant to. Seokjin laughed."Surprisingly or not, I know how to cook."Taehyung covered his mouth. "Sorry I didn't mean to offend you.""Don't worry you didn't, only those who I'm close to know I can cook."Taehyung smiled softly. "So does this mean we're close?"Seokjin winked, "I feel like we're very close."Heat and blood rose to Taehyung's cheek and he began stuffing his face. After Taehyung finished eating, he sat on his bed next to Seokjin. They laid on the bed and Seokjin held his phone as they scrolled through anime trying to find something to watch."One Piece is good, I also like Bleach a lot.""I've seen most of One Piece, but I haven't watched Bleach."Taehyung looked at him. "So let's watch Bleach."Seokjin turned to him and their eyes stayed glued to one another. "Before that, have you greeted me?""I remember saying hi." He smiled."I know that, but I want another kind of greet.""And what's that?" He licked his lips. Seokjin cupped his chin and pressed his lips against Taehyung's.Taehyung's tongue darted from his mouth and ran across Seokjin's lips, he slowly parted his lips inviting Taehyung's tongue inside. Their tongues swirled, caressed and stroked against one another. Taehyung's hand rested on Seokjin's stomach where his fingers felt the ident of his abs."Taehyung-ah, let me touch you please," Seokjin whispered against his lips. Taehyung's fists balled into a fist. "I promise, I won't rush you into anything you're not ready for. I just want to touch you, I want to feel how soft your skin is, and I want to massage your cock with my hands and mouth."He twitched, and he felt his cock throbbing, he would lie if he said he didn't want to either."Jin Hyung, please touch me."Seokjin pushed him on his back and moved between his legs. He began kissing Taehyung's neck making him moan softly. His tongue ran over his collarbone and he began sucking and biting on his soft skin. Taehyung gripped the sleeves of his shirt.His mind kept screaming to stop. After all, it wasn't like Seokjin was his boyfriend or they were dating. Many guys tried kissing and touching him, but he always turned them down. Why was Seokjin different? Why was Seokjin able to get him so open and ready for something he never thought he would do.Whatever thoughts he had of telling him to stop came to a halt as Seokjin's hand slid inside of his sweatpants. His hand gave his hard cock a tight squeeze. He cried out. This felt different from when he pleasured himself. Seokjin's hands screamed experienced. He knew exactly how to touch him and stroke him. He didn't even think he could please himself like this.He lifted his hips as Seokjin lowered his pants, he licked around his thighs and nibbled on his inner thighs. He kissed up until he reached Taehyung's balls. His hands buried into Seokjin's dark hair as he licked and sucked on the sensitive area."Ah!" he cried out, his back arched and his toes curled when Seokjin's mouth slid over his cock. He swore he was about to cum, his lower abdomen tightened. Seokjin held his hips in place as his mouth pushed him deeper inside. "Ah fuck!" Taehyung cried and shivered as he came.Seokjin swallowed every bit him before kissing his lips. "You didn't even let me get to the good part."The heat spread to his cheeks, his heart pounded against his chest. "I'm sorry, I couldn't hold it."Seokjin ran his hand through Taehyung's hair. "That's okay, I'll be happy to teach you and give you more experience.""I can give you head?" He asked softly."Have you ever done it before?"Taehyung shook his head. "But I want to try it."Seokjin got off on top of him and removed his jeans and boxers. He sat on the bed and Taehyung moved between his legs. He swallowed hard and just imagined all the porn he had watched. He licked his lips and slowly stroked his hand up Seokjin's endowed length. He shivered at the thought of how Seokjin would feel inside of him.He looked up at Seokjin and saw him watching with a gentle expression on his face. Taehyung closed his mouth around Seokjin, his body twitched when he heard the older male moan out. His tongue traced around his head. Despite being hard as a brick, the skin was so soft inside of his mouth. His tongue slid down to the shaft feeling the pulsing veins. He planted his hands on Seokjin's thighs and pushed him deeper in his mouth. He ended up gagging which made Seokjin moan out more. He pushed himself deeper into Taehyung's mouth, he gagged some more but didn't back down."You're amazing, this feels so good. Fuck." He threw his head back.He did his best to hold back his smile, he began to get his own rhythm, the tighter Seokjin gripped him the more he anticipated on tasting him. He wanted to know what it felt like to have it in this mouth sliding down his throat."Ah Tae fuck ..." Seokjin groaned as he came. Taehyung gripped his thighs as he swallowed every drop of him. He liked it so much, he kept Seokjin in his mouth until he was sure he got everything. Seokjin pulled him on top of him and their tongues stroked together. Taehyung sighed heavily against his lips when Seokjin's hands caressed the small of his back before giving his ass a firm squeeze."I want you so bad," Seokjin told him looking him in the eyes. "but I also know some things are worth waiting for." He kissed him again. "I'm so into."Taehyung laughed. "I'm into you too.""Good, I'm not the only one." They began kissing again. Taehyung swore if he wasn't so tired he would've probably gotten hard again.   Jimin returned to their dorm later that night and saw Taehyung lying on the bed watching anime on his phone. He smacked his butt making him look at him. He removed his earbud."You traitor, I thought you were gonna come hang out with us.""Sorry, I fell asleep after studying."Jimin saw the empty Tupperware on the desk. "What did you eat?""Oh Jin Hyung brought me something to eat."Jimin raised his eyebrow. "Jin Hyung did? You have his number or something?"Taehyung sat up. "We chat sometimes.""Oh really?" Jimin sat on his bed. "Sometimes ...so he just brought you the food and left?"Taehyung shrugged. "Well, he hung out for a bit." He saw Jimin staring at him intensely. "What?""Did you fuck him?!""No! Of course not!"Jimin laughed. "You look different like you got your dick sucked or something."Taehyung's face became beet red and Jimin pointed him. "I knew it! You did have sex with him!""We didn't have sex!""So y'all just messed around? What base did you get to?""I don't know ...I guess third.""So you did get your dick sucked?!""Oh my god Jimin shut up!" Taehyung threw his pillow at him. Jimin laughed."I'm just asking a question!" Jimin came over and laid next to him. "So how was it?"Taehyung laid back and ran his hand through his hair. "Oh god, I can't believe I never done it before.""Me neither to be honest.""Shut up, I was too busy concentrating on school.""I guess that's changed now huh?""No. I studied after he left.""So question, are you two together or what?""No ...it's not anything like that ...I guess you can say we're hooking up."Jimin laughed. "There's nothing wrong with a casual hookup but make sure you keep it to that only.""What do you mean?" Taehyung looked at him."Well ...I mean you can even ask Hobi Hyung since he's known Jin Hyung longer, but he doesn't have a good dating reputation. He's not the most faithful type and from what I've heard he gets bored easily and moves on to the next. I know he's your first sexual experience and it's easy to catch feelings. I don't want you to get hurt.""Trust me, I'm very sensible. I won't fall for him.""Good. Then have fun and let me know when you have sex for the first time. Do you think you would want to be bottomed or topped?"Taehyung shrugged. "I never thought of that. I wouldn't mind it either way.""Ah you're a switch it seems.""What you are?""I'm definitely a bottom.""Have you found someone that you like?"Jimin laughed. "Have I? I'm lowkey obsessed with him but I'm too scared to make a move.""Who? Hobi Hyung?" Taehyung raised his eyebrow."I know me and Hobi Hyung seem chaotically gay together but no, we're just friends.""So who is it?" Taehyung stared at him. Jimin sighed and covered his mouth as he let out a crossed between a giggle and squeal."Namjoon Hyung.""Really?" Taehyung's eyes widened. "Have you even talked to him?""How can I?! I get hard just looking at him!"Taehyung laughed out."If I ever had the time of day though ...I would be all over him. Have you ever looked at his body build? He's so solid!""No, I've never looked at him."Jimin rolled his eyes. "Of course not, you were too busy with your head between Jin Hyung's legs.""Shut up!" Taehyung nudged him. "Today was my first time doing that."Jimin chuckled. "My baby is growing up, I don't know what to do with life anymore." He pretended to cry."You can get over yourself and watch this movie with me.""Okay! And just to let you know I'm sleeping here tonight. I don't feel like moving.""You're lucky I like you.""You love me bitch." They both laughed. Taehyung turned off the light and they cuddled next to each other watching the movie. 



Chapter Two: Diary Entry




December 30th, 2016,

     

 I know I promised Jiminie I wouldn’t fall for him, but it was so hard. The way he touched me, the way he kissed me and the way he held me made me feel like this was what true love had to be. 
 

After all, love was that pit you got in your stomach, right?

 

 It was that feeling that made you happy when you saw that other person, right? I

 

 knew Seokjin didn’t have the best reputation of being a monogamous type of man but who was to say he wouldn’t one day? 

 

Who was to say I wasn’t the one who could make him monogamous? 

 

T


here were a lot more things I wanted to experience with Seokjin and him being my official first was definitely at the top of my bucket list.





Chapter Three




Song Mood for this chapter:

 

Can’t Keep My Hands to Myself by Selena Gomez

 

Bad Things by Machine Gun Kelly & Camilla Cabello

 

All Of Me by John Legend

 
 
 

*March 2014* (Can’t Keep My Hands to Myself by Selena Gomez)

 
It was spring break, and many had returned home to hang out with their family and high school friends. Taehyung was home for half the break before returning to the school early. There was a spring break dorm party, he met Jimin in their dorm. They ate some food and got ready for the party. Hoseok and Namjoon got them for the party.Taehyung wanted to tease Jimin so bad, now suddenly he was quiet and all meek. However, he did see Namjoon paying attention to Jimin. He probably was the type to silently watch someone he was interested in. He managed to get Hoseok to come with him and leave them alone. He knew Jimin would kill him but would also thank him later.Taehyung followed behind Hoseok who met up with Yoongi and the others. Much to his displeasure, he saw Ha-Ung.“Do you want a drink Tae?” Hoseok asked.“Oh um …yeah I’ll have one.”“Really?” Yoongi teased him.“Hyung, be nice. I want to let loose tonight.”He saw Ha-Ung roll his eyes, but he ignored him.“I’ll make you something nice.” Hoseok mixed a drink for him.“Where’s Joonie and Jiminie?” Daehee asked.“Talking,” Hoseok answered.“It’s about time, I got tired of their google eyes to one another,” Gisu mumbled making them laugh. Hoseok handed Taehyung a cup.“Thanks, Hyung, I’ll be back. I’m gonna roam a bit.”“Okay, see you later.”  Taehyung walked around the party just watching his fellow college buddies having a good time. He laughed to himself. Jungkook was probably going to shit his pants if he came face to face with a college party. Of course, it was something he would never tell his aunt and uncle. They would probably kill him if they knew how many parties he's been to already.He stopped short when he saw Seokjin pressed up against a guy on the wall. He tried telling himself to calm down, they weren't boyfriends so Seokjin was still on the market. However, it still didn't stop that bitter jealousy that was bubbling at the bottom of his stomach like a pit of acid.He took a sip of his drink and walked over to Seokjin who immediately looked at him.Taehyung forced a smile on his face. “Just stopping by to say hi but I see you're busy, so ...yeah. See ya around.” he walked away, he heard Seokjin calling out his name, but he quickly disappeared into the crowd. He felt childish for that, but he couldn't help it. The thought of Seokjin giving his attention to someone else pissed him off. He walked outside and leaned against the pillar.“It has to be the liquor.” he sighed running his hand through his hair. The cool night air felt good against his skin. His cell phone vibrated he saw Seokjin's message.
Jin: Babe, where are you?
Taehyung rolled his eyes.
: I'm not your babe, go and talk to your real babe that you were all over.

Jin: Baby, stop being like that. Where are you?

: Outside in the front

Jin: Don't move, I'm coming

: K …
Taehyung sipped on his drink and shortly Seokjin came over to him.“What are you drinking?”“Juice.” Taehyung snapped.Seokjin rolled his eyes and lit a cigarette. “If you were drinking juice you wouldn't be this snappy.”“I wouldn't be so snappy if you weren't all over every Tom, Dick, and Harry but I'm sure you like Dick the most of them all.”Seokjin cupped his chin. “You have such a smart mouth.”Taehyung rolled his eyes and turned his head away“I don't get you. You sent me a message two weeks ago saying we were no more than friends who just messed around. Now unless I mixed up friends with benefits or something...what's going on?”“I know what I said but that doesn't mean I want to see you flirting with someone else.”Seokjin laughed. “So you want to mess around without a title but you also don't want me to see anyone else? Make up your mind babe, you can't have both.” he smirked.The blood rushed to Taehyung's face and he licked his lips looking down.“I know...it's just…”“What?” Seokjin tossed out his cigarette.“I want to date you...I just don't want to be hurt because I know you don't like setting down.”“I would date you.”“But would you be faithful?” Taehyung looked at him.“Yes.”“Are you lying?”“I have no reason to lie.”Taehyung looked down. “I have feelings for you and I want to be with you.”Seokjin cupped his chin. “I want to be with you too.”Taehyung let out a shaky chuckle, his stomach was doing knots and his heart was beating faster than it ever had before. He wondered if Seokjin felt the same way, then again, he was probably used to this. Taehyung was the only one who was inexperienced.“So, are we official?” he asked softly.“You're my one and only.” Seokjin kissed his lips, Taehyung immediately darted his tongue in Seokjin's mouth. He hated cigarettes but for some reason, they tasted amazing off Seokjin's tongue.“I want to leave with you.” He whispered against his lips, Seokjin kissed him again before speaking.“Where do you wanna go?”“Back to my dorm.”“Let's go then.”Taehyung shot Jimin a text telling him he was leaving. _____________________________ Taehyung took a deep breath as he opened the door to his dorm room. He went to turn the light on but Seokjin hugged him from the back. His body twitched feeling Seokjin's breath on the nape of his neck.“Let's keep it dark. Is that okay?”“Yeah.” Taehyung inhaled sharply.“Your heart is beating so fast. Are you okay?”“I'm a little nervous.”“We don't have to rush.”Taehyung turned to him gripping his shirt. “I want to do this. I've been thinking about this day all the time. I know Jiminie won't leave the party any time soon, so we can take our time.”“As long as you're comfortable. I would never rush you into anything.”“I know.” he kissed his lips softly. “I'm the one rushing.” he pushed Seokjin back on his bed and straddled his hips. Seokjin slid his hands inside of Taehyung's shirt feeling his smooth back. Their lips met in a heated passion.He could feel Seokjin growing hard underneath him, he grinded his hips against his, they moaned softly. His trembling fingers unbuttoned Seokjin's shirt until it was open. He kissed his chest and licked his nipples. He kissed down to his stomach running his tongue over Seokjin's hard abs. He felt his body arch and he repeated the motion before moving down to the top of his pants. He unbuttoned his jeans and Seokjin lifted his hips as Taehyung tossed them to the floor. In the process, he took his own clothes leaving himself in just his underwear. He pulled Seokjin's boxer briefs off and ran his tongue over his head where precum leak. He gripped his cock tightly sucking on his head.Seokjin moaned out, he ran his hand through Taehyung's hair, as he slid the older male deeper in his mouth. He still wasn't accustomed to deep throating, but it didn't stop him from trying. He loved how Seokjin moaned louder when he gagged on him. He was granted more access as Seokjin opened his legs further. Taehyung rotated his balls in his hands making Seokjin grip him tighter.“Fuck baby, you're gonna make me cum already.”He pulled Taehyung on top of him and their lips met. Their tongues fought for dominance. Taehyung moaned out when Seokjin gripped his hair and pulled his head back exposing his throat. He shivered as Seokjin ran his hot tongue over the veins in his neck. Taehyung moved his hips against Seokjin's. He pulled his cock from his boxers and rubbed himself against Seokjin. Taehyung moaned louder from Seokjin gripping his ass and pushing him further into him.“Ah Jin Hyung...I'm gonna cum…”“No, you can't cum yet, hold it. If you cum before I can feel you, I'm gonna punish you.”Taehyung nodded and took a deep breath as Seokjin rolled him on his back. He ran his hands over Seokjin's skin, he kissed the younger male's neck and chest. He removed his boxers and slipped him into his mouth. Taehyung gripped the sheets tightly. He propped himself on his elbows and buckled his hips up. His head fell back when Seokjin pushed his cock deep in his throat.“Ah Jin Hyung!!” he cried.Seokjin spread Taehyung's legs apart, Taehyung gave him the lube from his nightstand drawer. Seokjin spread it over his fingers.“Relax babe, it'll be easier if you relax.”Taehyung took a deep breath as Seokjin slid his finger inside of him. He gripped the sheets and his toes curled, his finger wasn't necessarily painful but more so uncomfortable. Seokjin slipped another finger and began massaging his prostate. Taehyung cried out, his cock was a throbbing mess, he wanted to cum so bad. He felt Seokjin stretching his tight hole preparing him for what they both wanted.Taehyung laid on his back and Seokjin slipped a condom on. He applied more lube to Taehyung's anus and slid partially inside, Taehyung gripped him tightly biting his bottom. He always imagined what this could feel like, but he wasn't expecting it to hurt this badly.“I'm sorry baby, are you okay?”“Yeah I am, it's not your fault.” His voice quivered. Seokjin kissed his lips.“Do you want to stop?”“No, keep going, I can handle it.” he gnawed on his bottom lip as Seokjin pushed all the way inside of him. He noticed that Seokjin stopped moving.“I'll keep going babe, I'm just giving you a minute to get adjusted.” he kissed Taehyung's forehead before moving his hips. Taehyung arched his back, soon the pain began to subside, and the pleasure hit him. It hit him hard! Nothing they had done before gave him pleasure like this. He wrapped his arms around Seokjin’s neck. Their tongues swirled around each other as they panted through the kiss.“Mmm Jin Hyung, I can't hold it anymore.” Taehyung groaned. Seokjin moved back and began stroking Taehyung's cock while pushing deep into him. Taehyung's lower abdomen tightened he cried out as he came the hardest, he had ever. Seokjin kept pumping his cock and pumping into him. Seokjin then gripped his hips and increased the speed of his thrust. Taehyung's moans filled the small room, the bed creaked and their skin slapping echoed. Seokjin hissed out as he came. Taehyung hugged him tightly kissing his lips. They kissed until they needed air. Seokjin ran his hands through Taehyung's sweated hair.“Are you okay babe? Did I hurt you?”“No, I'm okay. I know it'll be something I have to get used to. Have you ever done it?” he held Seokjin's hand as their fingers intertwined.“Once or two. It wasn't a favorite of mine.”“Would you let me do it to you?”Seokjin laughed and kissed his lips. “You're already thinking of other sexual things we can do, you naughty boy.” he kissed him again. “Let's get you some more experience and we'll think about other options.”“I'm okay with that.” They smiled and held each other. ____________________________ When Taehyung woke up, he saw Jimin sleeping in his bed. He noticed Seokjin was gone. He grabbed his cell and saw Seokjin left him a message.
Jin: My poor baby, I must've really made you exhausted. You slept so heavy that you wouldn't wake up. I left so it didn't cause any awkwardness with your roommate. You can talk about our relationship to whoever you want if you want to. I don't care. I'll be letting all my flings know I'm dating and won't be seeing them anymore. I'm happy to claim you baby. I have work, so I'll call you when I leave.”
Taehyung busted the biggest uwu as he hugged his pillow. How did he get so lucky and get an amazing guy as his first boyfriend? He took a shower and changed into new clothes before slipping back into his bed. He was still tired.“TaeTae, you up?” Jimin asked sitting up rubbing his eyes.“Yeah, I am. What time you came in?”“You won't fucking believe this!!!!” Jimin sprang off his bed and landed on Taehyung's startling his best friend. “Oh my god, it's not a dream! It's not a dream!!” he ran his hand through his hair.“Huh? What are you talking about?”“I sucked Joon Hyung's dick last night.” He slapped his cheeks. “It really happened! Holy shit, it really happened!” Jimin covered his face.Taehyung laughed. “You must really like him.”“I do…” he sighed laying back on the bed.“So, what are you guys now?”Jimin blinked and sat up. “I don't know …”“So what happened after you finished?”“We made out and he returned the favor and then we made out more...exchanged numbers and hung out until the party was over.”“So ...are you going to call him?”“Probably not. I'm way too shy.” he giggled, and he looked at Taehyung spotting a big hickey on his neck. “I'm not the only who had some fun huh?” he poked at the spot and Taehyung swatted his hand.“Shut up! But...Jin and I... we did it.”Jimin's eyes widened. “You two had sex?!”Taehyung hugged the pillow to his face. “Shut up! Yes, we did!”Jimin laughed out and hugged him while ruffling his hair. “Look at my TaeTae growing up!”“I still can’t believe it happened Jimin! Like …I’m still in awe.”“Well believe it, you got your cherry popped.”They both laughed.“How was it?”“It hurt a lot at first but after some time it began to feel good.”“I’m gonna start texting you before I come back to the dorm.”“Hush.” Taehyung laid back on the bed.“So are you two still a causal thing?”“We decided to make it official.”Jimin’s eyebrows rose. “Really? He agreed with it?”“He said he wanted to be with me and I know I want to be with him.”“Aren’t you a little afraid of his reputation?”“Yes and no. I believe in him, so I know he won’t hurt me.”Jimin nodded. “I hope you’re right. I’ll kill him if he hurts you.”Taehyung laughed. “Thanks Jiminie.” He hugged him tightly. Jimin wrapped his arms around Taehyung’s waist.“Let’s sleep.”“Okay.” ___________________________________________________________  Later that evening Taehyung sat in the recreational center with Jimin, Hoseok, Namjoon and Yoongi. They sat playing cards. Seokjin walked over to them.“Hey guys.”“Hey Jin Hyung, you’re back from work?” Hoseok asked.“Yes, thank god.” He sat next to Taehyung and pecked his temple. Taehyung smiled at him, he noticed the others looking at them. Taehyung took Seokjin’s hand.“We’re dating now.” He said.“Officially?” Yoongi asked raising an eyebrow.Seokjin held up Taehyung's hand and kissed the back of it.“As official as official can get.”Taehyung gave a shy smile.“Congrats,” Namjoon said while eating his noodles. “Hopefully this is different for you.”“Trust me, it is.” his eyes met Taehyung whose heart pounded looking into the gentle eyes of his new boyfriend. He couldn't explain this feeling, but he knew something was there and he felt it was something big and intense.______________________________ After his last class, Taehyung headed back towards his dorm. He stopped when Hoseok called out to him.He smiled.“Hey Hobi Hyung.”“Hey TaeTae, do you have a minute to spare?”“Sure.”“Come with me.” They walked towards Hoseok's dorm room. Hoseok closed the door and Taehyung sat on the bed. “Thirsty?”“Water please.”Hoseok went into the cooler and tossed a chilled water bottle at him. He grabbed a bottle of sprite and sat on his computer chair.Taehyung watched as Hoseok fiddled with the soda bottle. He tilted his head as he took a sip of water. He wondered why Hoseok looked so antsy, this was the first time he had seen him like this. He wondered if something happened.Hoseok took a deep breath. “So you and Jin Hyung are really dating?”Taehyung looked at him and nodded with a smile on his face. “We are.”“How do you feel about him?”“I like him a lot. I mean he was my first in all.”Hoseok nodded and sighed deeply as his face fell. Taehyung furrowed his eyebrows.“Hobi Hyung is something wrong?”“It's not really my place to say this but since you're like a little brother to me, I will…”Taehyung's chest grew tight as he gripped his water bottle.“I won't tell you to break up with him or anything but...you should know Jin Hyung comes from a hard background.”“Hard background? Like what?”He sighed again. “Once again, it's really not my place to say and I'm close with Jin Hyung too, so I can't reveal the life he comes from, but I will tell you this. You can't, no matter how much you may love someone you can't heal a broken person if they don't want the help.”Taehyung tilted his head. “Is Jin Hyung broken or something?”“The longer you date him, the more you will see. I guess what I'm trying to tell you is, whenever it gets too much to handle don't be afraid to walk away.”Taehyung just sat blinking. Hoseok rolled his chair over to him and patted his head. “I wish you two the best.”Taehyung smiled. “Thanks Hobi Hyung!”_______________________________ 
*August 2014* (Bad Things by Machine Gun Kelly & Camilla Cabello)
 Taehyung moaned out gripping onto Seokjin's back. His nails slid down smoothly the sweated skin. Seokjin pressed his forehead against Taehyung's. Their noses pressed as their lips brushed against one another. Taehyung bit the bottom of Seokjin's lip and nibbled on the plush skin. The sounds of Seokjin's moan, made Taehyung's pulse quicken. He couldn't understand how someone could be rough and gentle at the same time. The things Seokjin exposed him always left him numb. Not a bad kind of numb, it was more of a numb that happened after experiencing something so amazing, you didn't have any other emotions left except numbness.He gasped when Seokjin turned him on his hands and knees. He cried out when the penetrations became deeper and he could feel every inch of his lover. Seokjin tilted his chin up and leaned over kissing his lips, a gentle kiss that left him thirsting for more.He shivered when Seokjin's hand glided down his back before cupping his ass cheek. He couldn't deny that Seokjin showed his body so much appreciation. He never left a corner of his body unturned. He kissed everything even the small beauty mark under his nose.“Ah Jin, I can't hold it any longer.”Seokjin rolled him on his back again and slid him in his mouth. Taehyung cried out gripping onto Seokjin's hair, his breathing increased, his pulse increased, and his lower abdomen tightened as he came hard. He moaned out louder as his body rode the orgasm spreading through him.His body trembled as Seokjin sucked him off until he had every drop. He then slid back inside of Taehyung who gripped him feeling extra sensitive. The blood rushed through him again from Seokjin's sensual strokes, his cock was hard again. Seokjin gave him zero time to compose him.He clung to Seokjin, his arms and legs clamped around him. Their lips met in heated passion, their tongues fought for dominance. Taehyung's sense slipped until all he knew was Seokjin. He breathed in his scent that was a mixture of natural body odor mixed with a little cologne he had on earlier. He tasted the beer and cigarettes off his thick tongue. He felt the soft skin that his fingertips tried grabbing but due to the heavy sweat, he couldn't get a good grip. His throat went dry from the soft whimpers that Seokjin let out in his ear. A voice that was soft but yet held such firmness. His eyes concentrated on the beautiful face hovering above his. The gentle doe-like eyes held such intensity that made him want to look away but kept him in a trance at the same time.What was this spell he was under? Was it from Seokjin or something that he put his own self under? Whatever the case was, he didn't want this euphoria to end. He wanted to feel like this forever.“Ah Tae, you feel so good, you're killing me softly.”Taehyung reached up and covered Seokjin's eyes with his hands. He saw Seokjin swallow hard as his thrusts became harder. Taehyung spoke before he even knew what he was saying.“My body, heart and soul, I know that it's all yours. Please take all of me and swallow me whole.”Seokjin paused for a moment, he grabbed Taehyung's legs placing them on his shoulders diving deeper in him. Taehyung's moans filled the room, the bed underneath them creaked and the headboard hit against the wall. Neither of them cared about the potential noise they were making. The only thing that mattered was one another and the passion they were sharing. They cried out together as they both came.Even while painting for air, Taehyung grabbed Seokjin kissing his lips. He needed him to fill his senses again. He felt Seokjin shivering as he matched his aggression. After a few minutes they separated as their lungs were desperate for air.Seokjin slowly pulled out of him and went into the bathroom. He came out with a clean wet rag and wiped Taehyung down. Taehyung shook when Seokjin cleaned around his anal area. He felt Seokjin's hand on his stomach.“It's really red, sorry I went overboard.”Taehyung shook his head. “I didn't stop you, it felt so good I didn't feel anything.”Seokjin gently bopped him on the head. “Pabo, next time if you start feeling numb or pain speak up. I don't want to hurt you.”Seokjin went into his duffle bag and pulled out some cream. “It's gonna be really cold but it'll feel better soon. Lay on your tummy.”Taehyung rolled on his stomach. “So, does that mean another round is out of the question?”Seokjin snorted a laugh. “We already went three times, how many more you want to go?”“Well we got this motel room for the night, it would be a waste.” he giggled when Seokjin kissed down his back before a laying a kiss on his ass cheeks.“I understand that babe, but you have to go home for dinner tomorrow, I don't want you to have to explain to your aunt and uncle why you can't sit.”They laughed, and Taehyung sighed. “You're right. And the fact she knows I'm gay won't help me.”Seokjin kissed his nape before leaning over to kiss his neck. Taehyung looked towards the nightstand when Seokjin's phone rang. Seokjin looked at it and ignored the call.Their eyes met and Seokjin gave him a soft kiss. “Don't worry it's not anyone important. I don't want our time interrupted.”Taehyung smiled, he wanted to sit up and talk to Seokjin to get to know him more, but the sleepiness started taking over his body. It didn't help that Seokjin was massaging his back. His eyes slowly closed, and he passed out.--------------------His eyes snapped open, he saw the room was pitch dark. He felt the space next time him but felt nothing. In fact, it was cool as if no one ever laid there. He grabbed his cell phone and saw it was 3:00 am. He started to call Seokjin's phone until he heard voices outside the door. He winced ignoring the pain in his bum as he rolled off the bed. He went over towards the curtains and pulled it back just enough to see. He saw Seokjin standing outside smoking a cigarette while talking to a guy with light brown hair.“Why don't you fuck off Injung! You had me out almost all night over bullshit.”The older man sighed rubbing his head.“I swear to God, you're such a rude piece of shit. I am your older brother you know?” He said taking a puff of his cigarette.“Once again fuck off. You're not my older brother, you're associated with me because our parents married...if you can call it that.” he muttered.“They been married for the last ten years and yes they are legally married.”“I guess that's the only thing that's legal about this fucked up situation.”“Anyway, I don't see why you can't come back tonight. We can use the backup.”“Look! I already helped you fuckers out. I would be happy if you could respect that I said I'm busy.”The older man smirked. “Must be a special person for you to want to stay at this 2-star motel all night.”“Either way, it's none of your fucking business. So if you're done I'm going inside.”Taehyung ran into the bed and pulled the covers his head. Five minutes later the door opened and shut. He heard Seokjin shuffling around in the room before he climbed in the bed. Taehyung felt chilled a bit when Seokjin's cold hands touched his bare skin. Taehyung pretended to wake up.“Babe, why do you feel so cold?”“Sorry, I went for a smoke.”“But you smoke in here.”Seokjin kissed his forehead. “I know but I don't want to give you too much second hand.”Taehyung began stroking Seokjin through his boxers, it took him no time to grow hard.“We can't...you're still sore, I know you are.”“No...I'm better...I promise.” He winced when Seokjin's fingers brushed by the area.“You're not better now. Rest.”“But-” he was silenced when Seokjin pressed his finger to his lip.“I'll save up some money, so we can come back again. We'll have all the time in the world to enjoy as much sex as we want okay?”“Okay.” he sighed in defeat, he smiled when Seokjin pecked his lips. He wrapped his arms around Seokjin's waist as he laid his head on his chest. Seokjin played with his hair and sleepiness overcame his body once again. He planted a kiss on Seokjin's chest before drifting off to sleep.________________________________ Jungkook glanced at his cousin before pausing the game and looked at him.“What? Why did you stop the game? I was kicking your butt.” Taehyung laughed.Jungkook raised his eyebrow. “Are you okay? Do you have to go to the bathroom or something?”“No...why do you ask?” Taehyung tilted his head.“You keep shifting in your seat. Like you can't sit still.”Taehyung's cheeks became a bit red and he cleared his throat. “This chair is a bit uncomfortable that's all.”“So sit on the floor next to me.”Taehyung rolled his eyes. “Like the floor is gonna be any more comfortable.”“Suit yourself. I'm gonna start the game now.” he unpaused the game and they began playing again. “How is uni so far?”“It's not bad. I like it a lot.”“Have you made a lot of new friends?”“I have. I hang out with a few in my year and the rest are older.”“I see, will I have an easy time fitting in?”“Of course, I'll let anyone know if they mess with my little cousin, I'll rip their head off.”Jungkook laughed. “Hyung, you're so easygoing I can't see you fighting anyone.”“Don't underestimate us peacemakers.”They laughed.“I miss having you here Hyung. It's so boring without you home.”“Don't butter me up so I'll get emo and lose the game.” They laughed out. “I miss being around you too. Maybe on a Saturday if Auntie is okay with it, I'll let you sleep over in my dorm.”“Really?! Can we ask her during dinner?”“Okay.”Taehyung happily wolfed down the food that sat on his plate. He always missed his aunt's cooking.“Auntie,” she looked at him. “do you think one of these Saturdays, Jungkook can come to my dorm and sleepover. My roommate is really kind he'll have no problems with him over.”She looked at Jungkook who stared at her with starry eyes.“I promise to look out for him. I just want to show him around on the campus since he'll be going to my school next month.”“I think it'll be good for him and we both know Taehyungie is responsible, he was on dean's list the entire year.” Jungkook's father said.She smiled and nodded. “Fine, you can stay Friday, and Saturday and Sunday come back home by dinner.”“Yes!!” Jungkook clapped and Taehyung gave him a high five._______________________________ Jimin sat on his bed staring at his phone while smiling as Taehyung changed the sheets on his bed.“Did you and Jin Hyung stain the bed too much?”“Shut up! That's not even the case!”Jimin laughed. “Is Jin Hyung coming over or something?”“No, I already told you, my cousin was coming later today.”“Oh yeah, you said his name was Jungkook, right?”“Yeah, he'll be starting his freshman year here next month.”“That's cool. At least he won't be so alone like how we were.”“Hobi Hyung helped us out a lot.”“True.” Jimin looked at his phone and laughed out while texting.“You're worse than a teenage girl talking to her crush.”“Bite me! Namjoon is really funny when you get past his serious layer.”“Why aren't you two dating yet?”“Because…we are taking things slow.”Taehyung rolled his eyes. “Boring.” his cell phone. “Hey Guk, you're here? Ok. Park and I'll come get you. Ok, bye.” he slid his phone in his pocket. “I'll be right back.”“And I'll be right here.”Taehyung laughed and rushed out the room. He couldn't explain how happy he was to have his cousin come. He knew they would have more fun once he officially came to the school. He walked out the building and saw Jungkook leaning against his car taking a puff of his cigarette. Taehyung raised his eyebrow.“Guk-ah? You smoke?”He sighed running his hand through his hair. “Hyung, please don't tell my parents. You have no idea how much they've stressed me about college. If I didn't smoke, I would've lost my mind.”Taehyung placed his hand on Jungkook's shoulder. He knew his parents put a ridiculous amount of stress on his cousin since he was young.“Don't make it a habit.”“I promise, I just do it when I feel really really stressed.” he put the cigarette out and grabbed his duffle bag. They walked inside the building. Jungkook looked around, he saw some guys lounging around. “This is the first floor. This where the freshmen stay. You'll be getting information about your room soon.”“Are you still on the first floor?”“Yeah I move my room next week.”“Cool, maybe I can come to help.”“Sounds like a plan.” Taehyung opened the door and Jimin looked up from his phone. He sat up giving a big smile.“Hi, I'm Jimin, TaeTae's roommate.”Jungkook shook his hand, he realized how small the older male's hand was. “Nice to meet you. I'm Jungkook.”“I've heard a lot about you. Glad to have you stay with us.”Jungkook sat on Taehyung's bed as Taehyung handed him banana milk. There was a knock on their door and Taehyung opened the door. Hoseok walked inside.“Hey guys.” he smiled. He then looked at Jungkook.“Hobi Hyung this is my little cousin Jungkook.”“Oh! He's the one coming to this school next month, right?”“Yes.”Hoseok gave him a bright smile. “Nice to meet you. You can call me Hobi Hyung, if you ever need help and can't find TaeTae feel free to come to me.”“Thank you.” Jungkook gave a shy smile.“Hobi Hyung, what's up, did you come to hang with us?” Jimin asked. Hoseok sat on the computer chair.“Unfortunately, not today. I got work soon. I came to tell you party tonight on the third floor. You guys are coming right?”“Oh yeah, I'll be there. Joon and I are gonna go together.” Jimin said and Hoseok rolled his eyes.  “Of course, you two are. You two give me cavities.”Taehyung laughed out as Jimin stuck his tongue out. Hoseok looked at Taehyung. “You coming TaeTae?”“Uh...I don't know...I have my cousin here.” he looked at Jungkook.“A college party...I wanna go Hyung. I promise not to tell.”Taehyung sighed. “I know but these parties can get crazy.”“You mind as well give him a taste, he'll be in the school next month and we know the welcome back parties are really crazy.” Jimin laughed.“Besides he'll be around a lot of Hyungs that will look out for him.”Jungkook turned to him. “Please, Hyung. I promise to behave.”Taehyung sighed. “Fine, but no drinking.”“Ok.” Jungkook gave a big smile. Hoseok clapped his hands.“Great, I'll see you guys at the party tonight.” He left out the room.Jimin got up and stretched. “I'm going to Joon's room, I'll be back sometime before the party.”“Yeah I bet.”“Shut up.” Jimin left out the room. Jungkook tilted his head. “Is his girlfriend named Joon?”“Don't worry about that. Do you wanna watch a movie?”“Ok but I get to pick the movie.”“Fine brat.”________________________________ Taehyung kept Jungkook stuck by his side, he knew Seokjin said he was coming but he felt conflicted. His Aunt may have known of his sexuality but Jungkook didn’t know yet. He just never knew how to bring it up to him. A part of him had hoped Seokjin didn’t come and then he could talk to Jungkook about it. He didn’t want to spring it on him just in case he didn’t take it lightly.Taehyung smiled as Daehee, Gisu, Yoongi, and Hoseok approached them.“Aww TaeTae, this is your little cousin?” Daehee smiled. “You’re coming to our school next month?”“I am,” Jungkook answered with a smile.“Aww, we’re gonna have a new baby to take care of, since our other babies are moving up.” Gisu teased making them laugh.“Isn’t he just the cutest.” Hoseok pinched his cheek and making the maknae blush. Taehyung saw Yoongi looking at him, but he turned his head the other way.“Did you see if Jin was here?” Taehyung asked.“I didn’t see him,” Daehee said while sipping his drink.“He’s outside smoking with some of his friends,” Yoongi answered. Taehyung swallowed hard, how he hated the smell of smoke but at the same time tasting it off Seokjin’s tongue made it so damn pleasurable. He chugged his drink trying to refrain from getting a boner.“Where’s Joon and Jimin?” Daehee asked looking around.Hoseok shook his head sipping his beer. “Do you really need to ask?” He laughed. “I doubt they’ve left the dorm yet.”Gisu laughed out. “I bet your nights are eventful huh?”Hoseok sighed. “I need to change my roommate.” They laughed as Jungkook tilted his head.“I’m surprised Ha-Ung isn’t here right now,” Daehee said.“He’s outside too.” Yoongi answered Taehyung saw his eyes go to Jungkook again before looking down at his cup. Taehyung tilted his head before looking at Jungkook who was obliviously looking around at his surroundings.An hour later Jimin and Namjoon finally joined them. He saw Jungkook’s confusion, but he was relieved when his younger cousin didn’t make a disgusted face. Hoseok proposed they all take a shot, Taehyung tried to deny Jungkook a shot but his Hyungs told him the maknae would be fine under their watch. He was even more surprised when Jungkook revealed that he’s drank a few times already. He wondered just how much his younger cousin was ahead of him.Taehyung saw Ha-Ung approach them, but his eyes burned into him. Taehyung furrowed his eyebrows.“You think you’re hot shit just because you’re dating Seokjin?” He suddenly snapped. Taehyung’s eyes widened. “Get in line bitch, you’re nothing special. Seokjin never stays committed to anyone, when he’s done fucking you, he’ll move on to the next.”“Ha-Ung, not cool.” Namjoon told him.“No, he needs to hear this shit. He’s not special, he was just a virgin that Seokjin wanted to fuck and made him feel like he was in an exclusive relationship.”“Fuck off!” Taehyung snapped. “You don’t know shit about our relationship! What we do is none of your business! Instead of sitting here in my face showing how green with jealousy you are, why don’t you find someone who actually wants to fuck you!”Ha-Ung let out a bitter laugh. “You don’t know shit, don’t get cocky fucker!” He pushed Taehyung back, his back hit the wall.Daehee and Hoseok held Ha-Ung back before he could strike Taehyung again. Seeing nothing but red Taehyung threw a punch hitting him in the face. Ha-Ung broke free from their grip and punched Taehyung in the face.“Hyung!” Jungkook went to move towards him but Taehyung lounged at Ha-Ung, they ended up on the floor on top of each trying to get the upper hand while the others did their best to pull them apart.“What the hell is going on?” Seokjin asked.Jimin and Jungkook held Taehyung back as Daehee and Hoseok held Ha-Ung back.“They got into a fight.” Yoongi said.“Why, what the fuck?” Seokjin looked at Taehyung and saw his red cheek and busted lip. He cupped Taehyung’s chin looking at his lip. “Ha-Ung did that?”“Fuck him!” Ha-Ung shouted with tears in his eyes. “I’ve been by your side since freshman year and this piece of shit comes and you’re all infatuated with him. You only like him cuz he was a virgin, right?! You couldn’t even be faithful to me for two minutes, yet you push guys away for him? What makes him so fucking special?!” Ha-Ung broke free from Daehee and Hoseok’s grip. “Answer me Jin! What makes him so fucking special?!”Seokjin turned to him. “Did you hit him?”Ha-Ung let out a bitter laugh. “So that’s all you care about huh? Yes, I fucking hit him! I’d hit him again if you give me the chance!”Taehyung noticed how the others became painfully silent. He saw Yoongi sigh and cover his face while shaking his head.Daehee nudged him. “Ha-Ung stop it! That’s enough.”“Fuck him! Move out the way so I beat the shit out of that little pretty boy! I’ll fuck him up!”Taehyung opened his mouth to tell Seokjin, he just wanted to go. As soon as he blinked, he saw Seokjin’s fist move and hit Ha-Ung right in the face. Unlike his punches that held hardly any strength, blood leaked from Ha-Ung’s nose.Seokjin grabbed him by the collar throwing his back against the wall. “If you fucking touch him again I swear to fucking god I will not only beat the living shit out of you but I’ll fucking bury your body somewhere they can’t find you! Do you fucking understand me?!” He gripped his neck and Ha-Ung grabbed his wrist trying to get him to let go.Taehyung’s heart sped as he saw the others not approaching Seokjin despite that Ha-Ung’s face was turning blue from lack of oxygen.“Jin let him go! Jin!” He grabbed him. He felt a bit afraid, he was scared that his words couldn’t reach him.  “JIN!!!” He screamed.“WHAT?!” Seokjin turned to him, Taehyung stepped back almost not recognizing the same man that held him in his arms giving him passionate bliss. His eyes were dilated, and his face was beet red. However, when his eyes stared at Taehyung, they slowly became to calm, and the tension left his body. He released Ha-Ung who dropped to the floor.Taehyung’s eyes burned from the forming tears as his throat tightened. What was this just now? Why did he snap so bad? Would he have killed him if he didn’t stop him?Seokjin ran his hand through his hair. “I gotta get outta here before I snap again.” He said a lot calmer. He then walked away not looking back. Yoongi followed after Seokjin.Taehyung looked at Ha-Ung who was laughing as Hoseok gave him a napkin for his nose. Ha-Ung’s eyes stayed on Taehyung.“You think you hit the jackpot? Why just because he’s handsome and charming? Seokjin has a real dark side and I guarantee after two years of being with him that innocent light will leave your life. The beautiful flowerbed that represents your outlook of love will nothing more than wilted flowers by the time he’s done with you.”“Guk let’s go.” Taehyung took his hand and began walking away. Before he could get too far, he heard Ha-Ung’s last words. “Good luck trying to love a broken person!!!”He paused but he didn’t bother looking back as he got out of there.  
(Song All of Me by John Legend)

 
Jungkook climbed into the bed as Taehyung removed his clothes. His cell phone kept ringing, but he didn’t answer it. He didn’t look to see who it was. Then again, he didn’t need to, he knew who it was from the specialize ringtone that kept singing All of Me by John Legend.“Hyung, you’re not gonna answer that? From the ringtone, it sounds like someone special is calling you.”Taehyung sighed deeply and picked up the phone.“Hello.”“Tae, please let me come and see you. I need you to talk to you.”“My cousin is sleeping over, so you can’t come.” He whispered.“Just meet me at the door, please.” His voice broke. Taehyung ran his hand through his hair.“Fifteen minutes.”“Fine. I’ll be there in two minutes.”Taehyung hung up and changed his clothes.“Hyung, you have a boyfriend?”Taehyung sighed. “I didn’t want you to find out like that. I wanted to talk to you about it. I hope you’re not disgusted by it.”“Disgusted? Why would I be? I just wish you told me sooner. Do my parents know?”“Your mom does. She was really supportive.”Jungkook smiled and nodded. “I figured she would be.”There was a knock on the door. Taehyung’s smile faded, and he cleared his throat. “I’ll be back, get some sleep.” He stepped out the door and saw Seokjin wearing a black hoodie covering his face as he leaned against the wall.Taehyung looked down when Seokjin looked at him.“Tae, I’m so sorry.” He said, and Taehyung looked at him. “When I saw that he hit you, I just lost it completely. That’s how much care about you. I don’t want anyone to think they can do whatever they want to you.”Taehyung let out a scoff. “You’re acting like you love me or something.”“I do.” He said with no hesitations. Taehyung’s eyes widened. “I don’t know what it is about you, but I’ve never felt this way about anyone. In this fucked up life I live…you’re like a breath of fresh air to me. You make me feel like I could get away from everything.”“Get away from what?”“Everything.” His voice cracked. “Everything that hurts and causes me pain.”Taehyung walked over to him and wrapped his arms around his waist. He felt Seokjin trembling in his arms.“Jin, is there something you want to talk to me about?”“I will eventually, I promise I will. Right now, I just want you in my arms.”Taehyung looked up and ran his hand over Seokjin’s soft cheek. “I don’t want you to hurt yourself or anyone else for that matter. Ha-Ung was wrong, but he didn’t deserve to be choked like that.”“I know.” Seokjin whispered.“Would you ever-”“I would never hit you!” Seokjin tightened his grip on Taehyung. “I would never…never.”Tears formed in Taehyung’s eyes. “I believe you Jin,” his voice ended up quivering and Seokjin looked him. Taehyung closed his eyes when Seokjin pressed his palm against his cheek. His thumb wiped his tear that fell.“I’m so sorry Tae, I didn’t mean to scare you. I didn’t mean to react that way. I won’t behave like this anymore.”“I believe you.” Taehyung opened his eyes, Seokjin pressed his nose against his.“Baby, can I kiss you?”“Yes.”Their lips pressed together. Taehyung’s heart thumped as words to one of his favorite songs came into his mind.My head’s under waterBut I’m breathing fineYou’re crazy and I’m out of my mindSeokjin cupped Taehyung’s face as he slid his tongue in his mouth. Taehyung moaned softly tasting the cigarettes and beer off his tongue. A taste that at this point, he needs to taste daily or else he’ll lose his mind.“Taehyung,” Seokjin said against his lips. “I love you so much.”“Jin, call my phone.”“Right now?” He raised his eyebrow and Taehyung nodded pulling his phone from his pocket. Seokjin called Taehyung’s phone and as the phone rang the words sung.'Cause all of meLoves all of youLove your curves and all your edgesAll your perfect imperfectionsGive your all to meI’ll give my all to youYou’re my end and my beginningEven when I lose I’m winning'Cause I give you all, all of meAnd you give me all, all of youTaehyung saw Seokjin’s eyes become glassy, he wrapped his arms around Seokjin’s neck. He pulled Seokjin’s forehead against his.“I love you too. I know our love is starting to blossom into something beautiful and it will last forever.”“Forever?” Seokjin whispered and Taehyung nodded.“My gut is telling me that we’re meant to be.”Seokjin pecked his lips. “I promise I do everything in my power to keep you happy.”“I know you will. I will keep you happy too.”“When your cousin goes home, do you want to get a hotel?”“Yes and this time I want to go all night long.”“Only if you can handle it.” They both laughed while sharing a sweet kiss.



Chapter Four: Diary Entry




December 30th, 2016,

     

 I was terrified the first time I saw his anger unleash. 
 

T


hat was my first time experiencing something like that. 

 

E


ven though Seokjin and I made up that night, I still had nightmares of the amount of blood that leaked from Ha-Ung’s mouth and nose just from one punch from Seokjin. 

 

Ha-Ung and I both hit each other but there was no way I could draw that much blood from someone. 

 

I would be devastated if I did that. 

 

However, there were words that stuck with me but words that I chose to ignore because I was so in love with this man who became my first everything. 

 

Hobi Hyung’s words first, “


You can't, no matter how much you may love someone you can't heal a broken person if they don't want the help.”

 

Then of Ha-Ung’s words, “Good luck trying to love a broken person.”

 

My mind screamed loudly to figure out what the hell that meant but my heart was too clouded to want to know. 

 

T


o be honest, now that I look back at it, did Seokjin and I ever truly love one another? 

 

Was it just intense lust and infatuation that clouded our judgment? 

 

I


 don’t know but the rest of 2014 was spent with me and Seokjin exploring how far we could go. 





Chapter Five



MOOD SONGS:DRUNK ON LOVE BY RIHANNATRUST- KEYSHIA COLE, MONICA___________________________________________________________________________*TRIGGER WARNING* SOME LGBTQ SLURS AND HOMOPHOBIA IN THIS CHAPTER

*Sept 2014*

Jungkook watched Taehyung eating his food and texting on his phone as they sat in the cafeteria on their break. Taehyung felt eyes on him and he slowly looked at his younger cousin.“What’s wrong? You’re not hungry?”Jungkook picked at his food. “It’s not that …” He sighed.“So what’s wrong?” Taehyung looked back at his phone.“I was just wondering, are you ok?”“Huh?” Taehyung looked at him. “Why wouldn’t I be?”“Are you still dating your boyfriend?”“Jin? Yeah,” he laughed softly. “why?”“Well, I keep thinking about that night at the party.”Taehyung looked down at his phone. “I’m sorry you had to see that.”“No, no, it wasn’t anything like that. It just took me by surprise. I just wouldn’t expect someone you’re dating to be violent like that.”“Trust me, Jin isn’t like that. He’s very calm and sweet and he’s very gentle. It was probably the atmosphere and the liquor.”“That’s true. I was just afraid that if he was that violent and short-tempered, he may take it out on you.”Taehyung laughed and reached over ruffling his younger cousin’s hair. “Thanks for worrying about me but you have nothing to worry about. Once you get to know Jin you’ll see what I mean. He’s the opposite of how he acted that night.”Jungkook smiled and nodded his head. “I believe you. As long as he makes you happy and he treats you right.”“He really does. I know I’m not experienced in love but he’s truly the best thing ever. I really think I hit the jackpot with him. I really lucked out that he’s my first boyfriend.”“Are you going to tell Mom?”Taehyung sighed deeply. “I will eventually, I just don’t want her to worry.”“True, she definitely will.”“I know school has just started but have you found anyone you’re interested in? Any girls?”“I did find someone I was interested in… but it’s definitely not a girl.”“Wait what?” Taehyung blinked.Jungkook flushed. “I like both Hyung.”“What? Really?” He gasped. “Why you never told me?”“The same reason why you never told me about you.”“Point taken.” He sighed. “So, you’re interested in a guy?”He nodded.“Who is it?”He covered his face. “Ah Hyung, I don’t want to say just yet. It may just be a crush, so I won’t get ahead of myself.”Taehyung laughed as he ate his food. “That’s understandable but the moment it turns into something more than a crush, you gotta tell me.”“I promise.”Taehyung looked at his phone. “I gotta go, Jin is here, I’ll see you when I return to the campus.”“Ok, have fun.” Jungkook watched as Taehyung rushed off. He looked down at his food and began eating.“Is this seat taken?” Jungkook looked up and flushed when Yoongi stood in front of him.“Uh, no, you can sit here.”“Thanks.” He sat down and Jungkook quickly looked away when their eyes met. Jungkook kept telling himself to calm down._________________________________________________________

(DRUNK ON LOVE-RIHANNA)

Taehyung straddled Seokjin's hips, he ran his hands over his chest while planting soft kisses starting from his jawline down to his collarbone. He felt Seokjin growing hard underneath him. Seokjin took a drag of his cigarette and blew the smoke out. His eyes widened when Taehyung kissed his lips darting his tongue in his mouth. Seokjin ran his hand down Taehyung's back and cuffed his ass.“You know sometimes I think you like tasting the smoke from my tongue.”“I do. It makes me feel like I'm smoking.”“You know second-hand smoke is just as bad, right?”Taehyung frowned. “I don't want a health lesson right now.”“So what do you want?”“I want you to finish smoking your cigarette while I enjoy your body.”“Since when did you become so bold?”“I learned from the best.” Taehyung kissed his lips again before sucking on his collarbone. Seokjin let out a small moan. Taehyung trailed his kisses down to his firm chest. He licked each nipple and gave them a nip. His own body grew hot as he felt Seokjin twitch underneath him. He held Seokjin's waist and kissed down his lean washboard stomach. His tongue traced the ridges of Seokjin's abs. The older male's body tensed up. Taehyung continued kissing down until he reached one of many of his favorite body parts on his lover. He looked up at Seokjin who was watching him while smoking his cigarette. Taehyung grasped his thighs and licked up the length of his cock. Seokjin jolted and their eyes met. Taehyung kept his eyes on Seokjin as he slid him in his mouth. He saw Seokjin's eyes fluttering as he tried keeping their eye contact. Taehyung reached up rubbing his stomach as Seokjin ran his hand through his hair. He moaned out the deeper Taehyung pushed him in his mouth.“Fuck Tae, I can't…” his body tensed.“So cum,” he told him.“But we should make it last longer.”Seokjin pulled him and their lips pressed together.“I swear to god Tae, you're like a drug I'm addicted to.”“I guess we're addicted to each other.”“Then I don't want this high to ever end.”“It won't. Our chemistry is too strong,” he whispered as their tongues battled for dominance. Taehyung slid Seokjin back in his mouth, Seokjin moaned out throwing his head back. Their eyes connected.Taehyung loved the deepness of Seokjin’s eyes, he swore he could get lost in them. He couldn’t understand how one person held such intensity in their eyes.“You gonna drink me up, baby?” Seokjin whispered running his hand through Taehyung’s hair. Taehyung nodded his head sliding Seokjin deeper in his throat. He felt Seokjin’s cock throbbing, he gripped his thighs and swallowed every drop. He felt his own cock responding when Seokjin grabbed his hair while groaning out.He put out his cigarette and pulled Taehyung to him, their lips crushed together. He applied lube on Taehyung’s ass and his cock. He gripped the younger’s hips, they both moaned out as Taehyung settled on Seokjin. He guided the younger’s hips to the pace he wanted as he stroked Taehyung’s length. Taehyung leaned forward kissing his lips. Their tongues intertwined. The sounds of their panted breathing filled the room.Taehyung couldn’t believe he never experienced sex until now however he was more than sure that only Seokjin could get him here. Get him to this level of pleasure. He shivered and cried out as he came all over Seokjin’s hand.“I love the way you sound when you cum, it’s my favorite sound.” Seokjin licked his hand before cuffing the younger’s ass. Taehyung wrapped his arms around Seokjin’s neck as they began making out. “I love you so much, baby.”“I love you too. I love you so much.”“Will you always stay with me, baby? Don’t ever leave me.”“I can’t picture myself without you. It’s only you.”“Promise me.”Taehyung moaned out as he was hit with another orgasm. “I-I-I promise baby.”Seokjin kissed his lips.--------------------------------Taehyung laid on his bed staring at the ceiling. He wondered if what he and Seokjin really said was true. Were they addicted to one another? He had just left the man two hours ago and his body felt as if days had passed since he felt his warmth. When he was with Seokjin, everything around them froze. There was no time when it came to them. He rolled on his side and saw his phone light up. His eyes widened when Seokjin left him a message.
Jin: I know we just saw each other but I fucking miss you already baby.
Taehyung smiled as he wrote him back.
: You're the one who had to leave so urgently :-(

Jin: I know :(

Jin: family emergency came up. I promise to make it up to you

:   :-/

Jin: Don't send me that face. I promise. Come with me tomorrow.

: I have classes tomorrow.

Jin: It won't hurt to miss classes once or twice. You're a top student anyway. Besides, I don't want to wait until the weekend to spend time with you.
Taehyung laid there thinking. He had never missed classes before, he was usually praised for his attendance, but that also meant spending an entire week not seeing Seokjin that much. Not being able to hold him, kiss him, smell his scent or feel his warmth.Fuck it, how bad can skipping classes once be? It wasn’t like his aunt would find out.
: What time are you picking me up?
_______________________________When Seokjin said he was picking him up early he never thought it would mean 4 in the morning, but he didn't care. Them meeting at 4 am led to an explosive car sex session. They got breakfast and Seokjin took him back to his place.His heart thumped, this would be his first time getting a glimpse at Seokjin's home life. Something he rarely ever talked about.He opened the front door and Taehyung didn't have a chance to look around from Seokjin pushing him against the door and kissing him. His body already ached for the touches of his lover as if he didn't just feel him an hour ago.Seokjin picked him up making Taehyung wrap his legs around his waist. He felt even more turned on at how Seokjin carried him up the stairs like he weighed nothing. He kicked the bedroom door shut and fell on the bed with Taehyung on top. Seokjin attacked his neck as he peeled the layers of clothes off him.“Jin, do you live here alone?”“No, but no one is home now. We'll be gone before anyone comes home,” he replied kissing his nipples. Taehyung moaned softly.“But...don't you want me to meet your family?”“To be honest, I can care less if you never meet them.”Taehyung's eyes opened, and he pulled back. “Why? Am I not good enough to meet your folks?” his throat tightened.Seokjin chuckled and ran his hand through his baby’s hair.“It’s not like that babe, you're too good to meet trash.”Taehyung blinked for a moment, but all his thoughts were lost when Seokjin rolled him on his back kissing him. He wrapped his arms his neck and moaned as Seokjin hands and lips were all over him.He stared at the ceiling, all he could see was a blurred haze. His eyes couldn't focus on anything but the pleasure his body felt. There was no doubt about it, no questions. He was fully addicted to a drug. A drug called Seokjin.________________________________They took a nap after their lovemaking session. He woke up to the sound of yelling and screaming. He slipped his clothes on and walked towards the staircase. He saw a petite woman with stringy black hair all over the place crying while hitting Seokjin’s chest.“DO SOMETHING! YOU’RE MY SON! DEFEND MY HONOR!”Seokjin sighed deeply. “What do you want me to do?! You’re not gonna leave him!”“You’re my son! You’re supposed to defend my honor! What’s the point of having you around if you can’t even do that!”He growled out and glared at the medium size man that walked through the front door.“What’s all this yelling about?”The woman pushed Seokjin forward.“Jung-Won, why do you keep hitting my mother? You’re supposed to be a man, aren’t you? I always thought real men don’t hit women.” He snapped.He looked at the woman who took a step back before glaring at Seokjin. “Why the fuck are you even in our business? This has nothing to do with you!”“When you put your hands on my mother it has everything to do with me.”Jung-Won got in his face and pushed him. “The fuck you’re gonna do about it? You can’t beat my ass, you remember what happened the last time you even tried. I dare you, do something right now!”Seokjin gripped his fists.“Instead of worrying about dumb shit like this, did you sell my shit?”“I’m sure Injung told you I was with him last night, so why ask me a stupid question?”“He also told me that you bailed out early.”“Because I fucking finished! I don’t want to be around you assholes any more than I have to!”“Jung-Won please don’t hit me anymore! I promise not to make you upset! Jin just told me if you hit me again he was going to punch you!”Seokjin looked at his mother before shaking his head.Jung-Won grabbed her face and slammed her back against the wall. “Let’s put that to the test then!”“NO! JIN HELP ME!! HELP ME!!!” She screamed out.“FUCKING CUT THE SHIT!” Seokjin yelled.Taehyung’s heart tightened as he took a step back. Was this Seokjin’s home life? Was this normal to him? He gasped when someone touched his shoulder and he whipped around. His eyes widened when he saw the man who Seokjin was talking to that night they were at the motel.“Hello, are you a guest of Seokjin?” He asked softly.Taehyung looked down at the scene of Seokjin’s mother screaming while Jung-Won yelled back at her and Seokjin covered his face.“Don’t worry they won’t hear us talking. Soon-ja sounds like a shrieking cat when she’s screaming. Nothing can be heard over her. She’s the worse when she’s strung on drugs like she is now.” He shrugged, and Taehyung looked down. “I’m Seokjin’s older brother Injung. Who are you?”“I-I-I’m his friend.” He didn't know Seokjin's situation and didn't want to cause any trouble.His eyebrow raised. “Oh? Friend" He then smirked. "Or do you mean boyfriend?" He chuckled when Taehyung looked down. "I've never seen a boy come out of Jinnie's room. You must mean a lot to him for him to bring you here.”Taehyung looked down. “I guess.”“What’s your name?”“Taehyung.”“Nice to meet you.” He smiled. “I know Jinnie is into men, our parents are homophobes" he shrugged. "I’ve seen the guys that Jinnie had flings with but you’re different from the usual guys he fucks.”“How so?”“Your eyes hold a bright light, I bet Jinnie is attracted to that light. Tell me, is Jinnie your first boyfriend?”“Y-Yes.”The corners of Injung’s lips curved into a condescending smirk and he let out a small snicker. “I see. Then I look forward to seeing your relationship blossom.”“What do you mean?”“I just mean, it’s going to be fun watching Jinnie corrupt you and bring you down to his hell.”Taehyung blinked, the hairs on his skin stood. He gave a small bow before turning to walk away from the older man who made him highly uncomfortable“He won’t do it intentionally though,” Injung said and Taehyung looked at him. “Overall Jinnie is a good kid but circumstances won’t allow him to live a peaceful life so it’s only natural that anything he touches will corrupt over time.”Taehyung excused himself and rushed into Seokjin’s room sitting on the bed and hugging his knees. At this point, he wished that they went to a motel. He wished he didn’t have to experience that.The bedroom door opened, and Taehyung tensed up praying it wasn’t Seokjin’s brother. He sighed in relief when he saw Seokjin.“You’re up babe?”“Is everything okay?”He shrugged. “Let’s go. I need to leave.”“Okay.” Taehyung got off the bed and Seokjin changed his clothes. He took Taehyung’s hand and practically dragged him from how fast he was walking.“Jin who is that?!” His mother called out. He didn’t answer as they walked out the door. Taehyung looked back and saw her run to the front door. “You’re still living that homo life?! You’re a piece of shit! I told you not to do that faggot shit here! I hope you get killed out there, you disgusting piece of shit!”Taehyung got in the car and Seokjin sped out the driveway. Taehyung gripped his hands staring at his lap. He wanted to say something, but he didn’t know what to say. Nothing came to mind.“They came home earlier than expected. I’m sorry you had to see that.”“Your mother doesn’t approve of your sexuality?”“Fuck her. She doesn’t have the right to disapprove or approve of anything. She’s a piece of shit mother. I can’t wait to officially move out of that hell hole.”Taehyung looked down, his heart constricted, and he placed his hand over Seokjin’s. Seokjin tightened his grip on his hand.“Do we have to separate now? You can always come back to my dorm.”“We always hang out there. I know where we could go.”Taehyung nodded. He kept his grip on Seokjin's hand. He watched as the houses slowly became more deteriorated, apartment buildings were abandoned, and homeless people populated the streets. His heart thumped against his chest. Where was this area?Seokjin parked the car and got out, Taehyung immediately followed suit. He did his best not to feel afraid, but this was his first time seeing homeless people and corroded buildings up close. Relief washed over him when Seokjin held his hand tightly as if telling him no harm can come his way.They climbed up at least three flights of stairs and a thin frail man with filthy baggy clothes approached Seokjin. Taehyung covered his nose with his sleeve, the stench coming from this man was almost unbearable.“Jin-ah, please tell me you have something on you? I'm in need so bad, please.”Seokjin sighed. “I'm off duty right now. You'll have to come back after 10 pm.”“Come on Jin-ah, please? I don't have money, but I think my daughter should be coming home soon from school. I'll call her mother and arrange a visit. She's 16 but very beautiful, her body is amazing, you won't even realize she's a minor. I'll let you spend a few hours with her in exchange. Please.”Taehyung's stomach churned as his brain processed what this man was trying to do. He looked at Seokjin whose eyes were narrowed, and jaw was clenched. He grabbed the man by the collar and violently shoved him into the wall. He hit the floor and Seokjin stepped on his back.“Get the fuck out of my sight! You better not let Yoongi hear you saying that shit or he'll beat you into a bloody pulp you worthless piece of shit! Get this through your fucking coked out brain! We DO NOT do sex exchange! It's either money or nothing! And at this rate you have nothing, you better not come into my eyesight unless you have money, got it?”“Y-Y-Yes, u-u-understood!”Seokjin removed his foot and took a hold on Taehyung's hand as they went up another flight of stairs. He opened an apartment door.“Make sure to get the blocks out of here in a timely fashion. The bags can go out later.” Yoongi gave orders to the men rushing around the apartment. Taehyung's eyes widened when he saw blocks of something wrapped up with black plastic and tape stacked up against the wall or in containers.Yoongi turned around and his eyes nearly popped out their sockets when he saw Seokjin AND Taehyung.“Jin! What the fuck?!”“What? Tae have a seat do you want some water or something?”“I’ll have water. Hi Yoongi Hyung.”“Hey kid.” He forced a small smile and watched as Taehyung sat on the couch. He followed Seokjin into the kitchen as he grabbed a water bottle from the fridge.“So, have you lost your mind, or have you lost your fucking mind? Why did you bring him here?”“We were at my place, but those motherfuckers came home early, so I brought him here because I knew he could be more comfortable.”Yoongi scoffed. “More comfortable? You practically have him sitting in a coke mine right now.”Seokjin shrugged. “It’s not like he knows that.” Yoongi sighed deeply following Seokjin out of the kitchen. He handed Taehyung a bottle of water before lighting a cigarette.“What do you think would happen in your stepfather decides to bring his ass here randomly and sees him sitting here? You know Jung-Won would be interested to know what he’s doing here.” He saw Taehyung looking at them before looking down at his phone.“And I’ll tell him to fuck off like I always do. He’s not coming here no time, he’s too busy beating my mother’s stupid ass.” He took a drag of his cigarette.Yoongi turned his back towards Taehyung as he spoke softly. “Did they see him?”“Briefly. My mom shouted her usual shit at me whenever she sees me with a guy.” He shrugged. “I just want to sit somewhere and relax, after tonight, I’ll have some money saved up and we’ll go to a motel.”“I’ll make sure the coke stays in the kitchen, so he doesn’t have to see it but I’m just telling you, he doesn’t belong in this world. Getting him involved would be not only reckless but dumb.”“I know that. Is there anyone in the spare room?”“No.”“Okay,” Seokjin turned to the younger male. “TaeTae.” He looked at him. “Come on.” He sprang to his feet and Seokjin wrapped his arm around him as they walked into the room.Seokjin closed the door and sighed deeply closing the blinds.“I’m sorry again that you had to see that at my house. I promise I won’t let you see anything like that again.”Taehyung shook his head. “I don’t mind about that. I just want to make sure you’re okay.” He wrapped his arms around Seokjin as they sat on the bed.“Yeah, this is my life I’m used to it.”“What kind of job, do you do?”He looked the younger in his arms, all he saw was worry and sadness. He sighed deeply.“I don’t know if I should tell you. You may look at me differently.”Taehyung shook his head. “I won’t.”Seokjin sighed deeply as he lit a cigarette. “I work for my stepfather, he’s a drug dealer.”“Your mom allows that?”He shrugged taking a drag of his cigarette. “My mom doesn’t care as long as I make her man happy.” He blew smoke from his lips. “She’s really a waste of a person. But anyway, when I’m out late or I abruptly end our time together, it’s because I gotta go sell his shit.” He took a drag of his cigarette.“Is that safe doing that?”Seokjin chuckled. “Of course not, baby, there’s always a risk every night but I’m good at what I do.”Taehyung wrapped his arms around Seokjin’s waist. Seokjin looked at him.“I just want you to know, my lifestyle isn’t easy so…if you want to walk away. I completely understand.”Taehyung cupped his face. “We’ve been together for six months now and you’ve shown me so much. I won’t leave you just because you have a different lifestyle from me. You’re still a good person.”“Taehyung…” He whispered. Their lips met. “I never felt like this for anyone, I feel like you bring out the best in me.”Taehyung smiled against his lips. “And you bring the best out of me baby.” He pushed Seokjin on his back while straddling him.Seokjin chuckled. “You’re not tired of me yet?”“I can never be tired of you.” They smiled as their lips met.“After we nap, I’ll take you out for a ride.”“Sounds fun.”_________________________________________________Jungkook knocked on the door before him. Jimin opened the door while letting out a loud yawn.“Oh hey Guk, what’s up?”“Is TaeTae Hyung here? I was trying to call him, but he didn’t answer.”“No, he left out early this morning and I haven’t seen him since.”“Not even in his classes?”“Nope, we have two classes together today and I didn’t see him in either.” He shrugged. “I just assumed he’s with Jin Hyung.”“I’m shocked that he would skip classes.”“Me too but hey you do crazy things when you’re in love.”Jungkook laughed softly. “Thanks, Jimin Hyung, I’ll see you around.”“See ya.” He shut the door and climbed in the bed cuddling next to Namjoon who was sitting on the bed studying. Jimin grabbed his phone and sent Taehyung a message.
:Yo dude, where tf are you? Are you with Jin Hyung? Be safe out there.
_______________________________________________________Taehyung looked at his cell phone before looking forward as Seokjin sped on the highway. He laughed out as Seokjin darted in and out of lanes. A part of him knew he should’ve been scared but the adrenaline pumping inside of him made the ride thrilling. Seokjin slowed down and soon came to a stop when they reached a shore. They got out the car and sat on the hood while watching the sun go down. Taehyung watched as Seokjin lit up a cigarette.“When did you start smoking?”Seokjin shrugged. “Probably around 13.”“13?!” He gasped.He nodded. “The guys I was around told me the best way to prove I was a real man was to smoke. I practiced smoking every day to prove I was a real man and here we are years later, I’m addicted to the nicotine.”“Have you ever thought of quitting?”“Stress won’t allow me.”Taehyung slid off the hood of the car and stood in front of him. Seokjin stared at him.“Let me try it.”“The cigarette? No way. It really sucks if you get addicted to it.”Taehyung chuckled. “But I’m addicted to you and it doesn’t suck.”“Well me and a cigarette are two different things. One is actually really bad for you.”Taehyung wrapped his arm around Seokjin. “I just want to be more a part of your world.”“Just being with me is enough babe, you don’t have to change yourself for me. I love you the way you are.”Taehyung smiled and wrapped his arms around Seokjin’s neck kissing his lips.___________________________________________________By the time he returned to the dorm, it was the next day and he barely had enough time to shower and get to his first class. He pulled his hoodie over his head and settled into his seat. He rubbed his head that was throbbing.“Whoa, were you out sick?” He looked up and smiled when he saw his good friend Jae-Hwa handing him a Styrofoam cup.“Is this tea? Oh my god, you’re a lifesaver Jae-Hwa!”“I know I am.” He laughed sitting next to him. “Where the hell was you yesterday? I don’t think I’ve ever seen you skip a class.”Taehyung took a sip of his tea and rubbed his head. “I was with my boyfriend. We played hooky yesterday.”Jae-Hwa laughed. “Rebel. Your boyfriend is Jin Hyung right?” Taehyung looked at him. “Tall, lean guy with black hair and very handsome?”Taehyung laughed. “Yeah, that’s him.”“Jackpot, he’s fine!”“Thanks, he’s an awesome guy as well.”“That’s good, it’s hard to find a decent person out there. I’m happy that you got a good guy.” He said running his hand through his dark blonde hair.Taehyung nodded. “Thanks for the support. Say, do you have the work from yesterday’s classes?”“Yeah, do you want to meet up at the library after classes and I’ll give you all the work and explain our math assignment to you.”“Yes, please. You’re like my knight in shining armor Jae-Hwa.”They both laughed.“Don’t butter me because you were ditching school to rump around.”Taehyung nudged him.When class ended Taehyung headed to his second class.“TaeTae!”He turned around and saw Jimin running towards him. “Are you okay? I was texting you.”“I’m sorry I saw them but I forgot to respond.” They began walking together.“So where did you go all day yesterday?”“I was with Jin, where else would I be?” He shrugged.“I know I’m just saying usually you two are in the dorm.”“We went to different places yesterday. I drank way too much, I have such a hangover.”Jimin laughed. “I never thought I would hear you say you and hangover in the same sentence.”“Stop it!” Taehyung blushed. “Besides, sex is ten times better when drunk.”“Oh boy, you’re turning into a bad boy.”“Shut up!” They laughed out and Taehyung wrapped his arm around Jimin as they walked into class._____________________________________________________Taehyung and Jae-Hwa sat in the library after classes. Jungkook came and joined them when he saw them sitting at a table. Taehyung felt bad because not only was his friend worried about him but so was his cousin. He promised Jungkook if he ever disappeared again, he would check in and let him know he was okay.He looked at his phone when it buzzed.
Jinnie: Hey baby, are you done with classes?

: Yeah I am 
😊 what are you doing?

Jinnie: I’m in the parking lot. Do you wanna link up?

: I can’t right now. I’m in the library studying.

Jinnie: 
☹ but I miss you ........

: LOL I miss you too babe, do you wanna come to the library until I’m finished. Jae-Hwa is letting me use his notes on what I missed yesterday.

Jinnie: Who is Jaw-Hwa?

: A good friend of mine, he’s in the same classes as me.

Jinnie: I see …I’ll be there in 10.

: KK see you soon.
Taehyung put his phone away and continued taking his notes. Jungkook looked at his phone.“I gotta go, I’ll call you later Hyung.”“Okay, see you.”“Bye Jae-Hwa Hyung.” He waved and rushed off with a smile on his face.“Do you get it?” Jae-Hwa asked.“Yeah, I’ll most likely copy down the math problems and then redo them later to see if I get the same answer as you did.”“Of course you would Mr. Dean’s List.”“Leave me alone.” They laughed.Seokjin walked into the library and his jaw tightened when he saw Taehyung and the other guy laughing silently with each other. He took a deep breath and walked over to them with a smile on his face. Taehyung looked up and gave Seokjin his favorite boxy smile. Seokjin leaned over and kissed his lips. He tried to hold the kiss as long as he could, but Taehyung broke it off with his cheeks getting red.“Jin, this my friend Jae-Hwa.”“Hi, nice to meet you.” Jae-Hwa shook his hand as Seokjin smiled.“You too.” He placed his arm behind Taehyung’s chair. “Are you two in the same grade?”“Yeah, we are. It’s rare but we have all the same classes this semester.” Jae-Hwa laughed.“Oh really? So you must be a top student as well huh?”“I’m not a little lower in rank than TaeTae but we’re not too far from each other.”Seokjin nodded and ignored the tightened in his stomach from hearing TaeTae leave the other man’s mouth.“What’s your major?”“I’m going for political science.”“Political science?” Seokjin raised an eyebrow. “What kind of job can you get with that major?”“There are many job options but the most popular tend to be law, lobbyist, public relations specialist, journalist or teacher.”“I see. So which one are you going for?”“Probably law, it keeps calling out to me.”Taehyung chuckled. “I keep telling you to just go for it. You would be an awesome lawyer. You’re smart and no one can debate the way you go.”Seokjin looked at Taehyung before looking back at the young man who blushed a bit.“You keep telling me that TaeTae but you know how I choke up sometimes.”“Everyone does Jae-Hwa. You’ll do fine.”Seokjin got up and walked away.“Jin?” Taehyung called out but he received no answer.“Did something happen?” Jae-Hwa asked.“I don’t know.” He stood up gathering his books.“Take my book with you and just give it back to me tomorrow.”“Thanks Jae-Hwa, see you tomorrow.” He rushed out the library and saw Seokjin walking further into the crowded hallway. “Jin!” He called out but still didn’t get an answer. He saw Seokjin go out the building and Taehyung rushed towards him.Seokjin leaned against his car and lit a cigarette. “Why are you following me?”“Why did you run off like that? What happened?”“Nothing.” He shrugged. “I just didn’t feel like sitting there and listening to you give him a bunch of compliments.”“I was just trying to encourage him to do what he wanted because he was nervous about it.”“Wouldn’t Jae-Hwa make a better boyfriend than me? I mean isn’t a lawyer boyfriend better to brag about than a drug dealer?”“Stop it Jin, I don’t care about that. I’m with you because I love you. I’m not materialistic like that.”“You may not be but a lot of people are.”“Who gives a damn about other people and who would know that you sell drugs? It’s not like you have a t-shirt advertising it.”Seokjin looked down. “I’m telling you Tae, I’m no good for you. Maybe we should end it now before it gets too deep.”Taehyung placed his books on the roof of the car and wrapped his arms around Seokjin’s waist. “We’re already in too deep. I can’t let you go and I won’t let you go. You’re who I want not anyone else.”Seokjin cupped his chin and kissed his lips. “It just drove me crazy seeing how that guy was able to make you smile and laugh.”“No one can make me smile or laugh the way you do. No one sees the part of me that you do.”Seokjin kissed him again. “Is it selfish that I only want you to smile at me.”“No, I’d feel jealous if you gave someone else your attention.”“Would you really?” He raised his eyebrow.“I would. Since I’m done with classes do you wanna hang out?”“I can get us a room for three hours.”“Okay but I have to do my homework.”“I know, I know,” Seokjin kissed his neck making his lover giggle. “I know your homework is more important than me.”“Stop it, you’re most important to me. I promise.”“Then show me.”Taehyung kissed his lips. “Let’s get out of here so I can.”____________________________________________________Jungkook sat outside the library and saw Taehyung getting in the car with Seokjin. He watched the car until it was out of sight. A deep sigh made him looked away and up at the person who was leaning against the pillar while smoking a cigarette.“Yoon Hyung what’s wrong?”“How often do you see Taehyung?”“Not that much, maybe we’ll have lunch together but once his classes end that’s about it.”“I figured.”“Why do you ask?”“Jin is clinging to him.” He sat down next to Jungkook.“Clinging to him?”“I won’t say anything else, so far he’s treating Taehyung differently so maybe he’ll be okay.”“Is there something my cousin should know?” Jungkook asked.Yoongi shook his head. “Your cousin already knows it, it’s just up to him if he sees it.”“You’re close with Jin Hyung right?”“I am.”“He wouldn’t  get violent toward my cousin, would he?”“Jin isn’t a violent person at all. Certain things trigger him and once that happens, he goes into rage mode. I don’t think he’d ever hurt Taehyung. When he goes into a rage, he’s more self-harm than anything else. It’s just a matter if your cousin can handle that.”Jungkook looked down. “I’m going to talk to him.”“Good luck.”Jungkook grabbed his cell phone and sent Taehyung a message.
: Hyung, when you get a chance let’s go out and eat. I want to talk to you about something important.
___________________________________________Taehyung returned to the dorms later that night. He saw Jimin was gone, he was probably with Namjoon. He sat on the bed to finish up his notes. There was a knock on the door and he opened the door.“Hey Jae-Hwa, what’s up?”“Nothing much, are you done with the book?”“I just got back in actually. Come in, I’ll finish up so you take the book with you.”“Thanks, I forgot I had an assignment due and my notes are in that book. I came by earlier but Jiminie said you weren’t here.”“Oh yeah.” He laughed, and they sat on his bed.“Was everything okay with your boyfriend?”“Yeah, nothing to worry about.”They sat in silence as Taehyung continued copying the notes. Soon Jimin, Namjoon, Jungkook, and Hoseok walked into the dorm.“Oh look who is finally here!” Jimin exclaimed.“Shut up! You’re never here when I get here.” Taehyung laughed.“You know I get easily lonely and you just abandoned your best friend.” He pretended to sob.“Stop it!” Taehyung laughed out.“I got some beer do you guys want one?” Hoseok asked.“Sure.”They both took a beer and Taehyung did his best to concentrate as they all sat in the room laughing and talking.There was a knock on the door, Hoseok opened the door.“Oh hey, Jin Hyung.”“Hey, whoa full house huh?” He laughed.Taehyung looked up and saw Seokjin looked at him before glancing at Jae-Hwa who was sitting next to him.“You want a drink?” Hoseok offered him.“No, I stopped by because I left my lighter in Tae’s jacket.”“You did?” Taehyung put his books down and got off the bed. He searched through the pocket in his jacket and pulled out the purple lighter. “Why did you put it in my pocket?” He chuckled.“Thanks,” Seokjin mumbled. “I’ll see you guys later.” He left out the dorm without looking back.Taehyung tilted his head but didn’t say anything as he sat down on the bed. He took a sip of his beer and began writing. He looked down when his cell phone buzzed.
Jinnie: He’s sitting on your bed now? :-)

: It’s not even like that. I have to give him back his book so I had to hurry up and copy his notes.

Jinnie: You have a chair and a floor, there are other options where he could’ve sat but I guess next to you is better huh?
😊

: Stop, it’s not like we’re in here alone. Everyone is here with us.

Jinnie: So if you were alone would something have happened?

: No! I didn’t mean it like that.

Jinnie: I don’t have time for games Taehyung, let me know now if you’re not serious about us.

Jinnie: You’re the first person I’ve given my heart to and I don’t want to get hurt

: I’m not going to hurt you I promise! Jae-Hwa is just a friend that’s it

: Do you not want me to talk to him anymore?

Jinnie: Don’t be ridiculous he’s your friend. I’m not gonna tell you not to be friends with someone

Jinnie: I just want to make sure you’re not stringing me along.

: I would never! Please believe me! I love you

Jinnie: Okay. I’ll talk to you tomorrow

: I love you

Jinnie: Goodnight.
Taehyung swallowed hard as his eyes stung with unfallen tears. He didn’t expect it to hurt so much with Seokjin not saying he loved him back. He began thinking if he did something wrong to make Seokjin question his love for him.He handed Jae-Hwa back his book.“Oh, did you finish?”“I did.” He lied while smiling. “I’ll be right back, I need some fresh air.” He said and grabbed his beer. He walked out the door and sat on the stairs looking up at the dark sky. He kept looking at his phone hoping Seokjin would text I love you back.“Hyung.” He turned around and saw Jungkook walking over to him. He sat down. “Are you okay?”“Yeah.” Taehyung laughed shoving his phone in his pocket.“You don’t look okay,”Of course, his little cousin had a sharp eye. “Don’t worry Guk, I’m fine. I promise I am.”“Jin Hyung seemed a bit upset. Was he mad that we were there?”“No, no it wasn’t anything like that. We just had a little quarrel nothing serious.” He shrugged.“You know how I said I wanted to talk to you?”“Yeah.”“Can I talk to you now?”“Sure, what’s up?” Taehyung took a sip of his beer.“I’m just worried Hyung, I haven’t seen you much. I thought once we started college, we would be able to hang out more.”“I know I’m sorry Guk-ah, between trying to juggle school and my relationship is a lot. I kinda forgot my family and friends. I promise to do better.”“No, Hyung please don’t blame yourself.” Jungkook faced him. “Maybe I’m just sensitive because I’m so used to having you to myself. You’re really popular and a lot of people want your time. I just want you to find a way to make time for me.”Taehyung ruffled his hair. “I promise I will.”“Also, do you think Jin Hyung is a bit clingy to you?”Taehyung looked down at his beer bottle and shrugged. “He’s got it rough at home. He says I’m the only positive thing in his life right now. What he’s going through is something hard for you to understand but I’ve seen it firsthand. He needs as much positivity and love in his life.”“Wow really?”Taehyung nodded. “I want to show him what real love is like.”“You have such a big heart Hyung.”Taehyung smiled. “Thanks!” He threw his arm around Jungkook and hugged him close.____________________________________________________

*Nov 2014* (TRUST- KEYSHIA COLE, MONICA)

Taehyung laid his head on Seokjin’s chest and ran his fingers over the smooth skin. He saw Seokjin scrolling through his phone while smoking a cigarette.“Babe, please.”Seokjin sighed deeply. “Taehyung-ah, how many times do we have to go over this?”“I know but it would mean so much to me.” He sat up looking Seokjin in the eyes. “We’ve been together for almost a year now. I want you to meet my family.”Seokjin looked down. “I really don’t know how to meet anyone’s family.”Taehyung smiled and stroked his face. “Baby, you’re a good guy. I know my aunt will love you.”“Okay, so what do I tell her? I’m in school part-time and the other half I sell drugs as my part-time job?” He shrugged.Taehyung sighed deeply. “Why do you always go there?”“Because that’s who I am Taehyung. I come from trash and you want me to go to your middle-class home where you were raised and pretend to be someone I’m not.”“I’m not saying that. Why can’t you just say you’re in school part-time and you work part-time?” He shrugged. “Just say you work at a store or something.”“That’s lying, and you want me to change myself to look good in front of your aunt. Why not take Jae-Hwa instead? Or who is the other one? Park Bogum or Jang Moon Bok or Sungjae or Park Hyung Sik? But I think Jae-Hwa and Bogum are your top favorites.”“Can you stop it?!” He snapped. “Are you that upset that I have a lot of friends?!”“Why should I be? I’m just giving you other options of guys who would meet your aunt’s requirements.”“Am I dating them or am I dating you?! Aren’t you the one I’m sitting here in bed with right now?! Why do you always bring them up every chance you get?”“Don’t turn this on me. Just because you feel guilty for hanging out with guys who are better than your boyfriend isn’t my problem. At least you have friends worthy of bragging about.”Taehyung ran his hand through his hair and sighed deeply. “Can we just stop talking? I don’t want to fight.”“I don’t want to fight either.” Seokjin put his cigarette out.Taehyung turned his face towards him, they looked in each other’s eyes and Taehyung kissed his lips. “Baby, I love you. I don’t love anyone else. I don’t know how many times I have to tell you this. I don’t know how to show you, but I love you only you. Please trust me.”Seokjin looked down. “I’m not good for you Taehyung, I can’t make you happy.”Taehyung straddled his lap and hugged him tightly. “You already do make me happy. I love being with you, I love spending time with you. I love you for who you are. No one else has my heart. Only you.”“You mean it?” Seokjin looked up at him.Taehyung ran his hands through Seokjin’s soft black hair. “I mean it with my entire being. I already promised you that I won’t ever leave you.”“I know, you’re so good to me.”“And you’re good to me. I don’t know all the details of what you’ve been through while growing up but you’re not a fuck up Jin.” He pecked his lips. “You have so much potential to do anything you want, just believe in yourself.”“Taehyung-ah, I don’t deserve you.”“Yes, you baby.” Their lips met again in a heated passion. Seokjin applied lube on them both as he sat Taehyung on his cock. They both moaned out in pleasure. Taehyung wrapped his arms and legs tightly around his lover. Their chests pressed together as their tongues swirled.For the first time, they made love holding each other tightly, Taehyung could only see stars as love filled his body. As he held Seokjin tightly in his arms, he became determined to change Seokjin’s pessimistic views on life. He wanted him to see the good side of life, he wanted him to experience only happy moments and never doubt himself as being good enough for someone ever again. 



Chapter Six: Diary Entry





December 30th, 2016,




I couldn’t but could understand why Jin didn’t want to meet my family.


 


 I know he always felt ashamed of his life and he often compared himself to my friends. 


 


Always saying they were better. It pissed me off every time he did that, but I always did my best to reassure that I loved him. 


 


N




ow that I look back at it. 


 


Was a love enough for him? 


 


Was my love enough for him? 


 


Whether the answer to those questions was yes or no. 


 


One thing was for sure the more he grew insecure the more he withdrew, the more he withdrew the harder it was to reach him. 


 


For December 2014, we decided to celebrate our birthdays together in the middle of the month. 


 


Honestly, if I could turn back the hands of time, I’d never let that day happen. 


 

Even to this day I still blame myself, even though everyone around me told me countless times it wasn’t my fault. 

 

I couldn't



 help but feel like it was.


 


 I was the one who suggested the party and I was the one who invited him. 


 


I was so oblivious back then because I was so wrapped up in Jin, I never knew if anyone else had affection for me. 


 


Hell! I didn’t care. 


 


Jin was everything I needed so I didn’t give a damn about how someone else felt about me. 


 


Unfortunately, Jin cared. Jin cared a lot. And Jin noticed it with ease.


 


*Sighs* I guess I’ll stop beating around the bush and tell into what happened December 20th, 2014. 


 


That night brought out a new side of me and a different side of Jin.






Chapter Seven
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





*December 4th, 2014*
Taehyung smiled holding a small cake with candles in his hands as Seokjin closed his eyes before blowing out the candles. Taehyung scooped some of the icing up with his finger and placed it to Seokjin's lips. Without hesitation, he licked the icing off his lover's fingers making Taehyung shiver. Seokjin placed the cake on the nightstand and pulled Taehyung into a kiss. It never mattered how many times they've done it prior he could never get enough of this man named Seokjin.After some time, they broke from the kiss both panting for air to fill their desperate lungs. Taehyung who was straddling Seokjin's lap wrapped his arms around his neck and began playing with his hair."Babe, I was thinking we should have a birthday party together."Seokjin tilted his head. "I don't know...I don't have a lot of friends as you do."Taehyung hugged him before pecking his lips. "That doesn't matter. This is our excuse to throw a party with lots of food and drinks and afterward..." Taehyung began stroking Seokjin's cock. "we can go back to a hotel and have some drunken fun all night long."Seokjin licked his lips as he grew hard in his lover's hand. He bit the bottom of Taehyung's lips. "I prefer to skip everything else and go straight to the hotel."Taehyung laughed pressing their foreheads together. "Stop it! We'll have fun.""I don't know...I never had a birthday party before."Taehyung's heart began aching when he saw the sullen look on Seokjin's face. He cupped his cheeks making their eyes meet. Taehyung kissed his nose. "I'll make sure we experience a lot of firsts together. You were my first everything so let me be some of your firsts too."Seokjin wrapped his arms around him. "You are my first, baby. You're the first one I ever loved. I always mean it when I saw you're the only one I have and the only one I rely on.""It's the same for me. You're my only and I don't want anyone else but you."Seokjin smiled and kissed his lips. "I love you, baby.""I love you too," Taehyung whispered as Seokjin rolled him on his back. He applied lube on them both and slid inside of Taehyung. He gripped Seokjin's shoulders tightly and their lips met. He wrapped his legs around Seokjin's slim waist and cried out as he pushed harder into him.The bed underneath them creaked but the only sounds they heard were each other's heartbeats and labored breathing. Taehyung thought how amazing this would feel if they didn't need to get a motel anymore. He imagined waking up and going to bed next to Seokjin every day and every night.He stroked Seokjin's face feeling the imprint of his face, he knew Seokjin's facial structure like the back of his hand. Even with his eyes closed, he could clearly envision Seokjin's face. He knew all his scents, his mood by the tone of his voices. It came to the point that even when they weren't together, he could sometimes still taste Seokjin, whether it was his cigarettes or when they had sex.It scared him that he felt this infused with Seokjin. If there was a case where they weren't together anymore would he be able to cope? Would he be able to move on? He felt if something like that happened it would be Seokjin who would end it because there was nothing Seokjin could do that would make him leave.His insecurity? All he needed was more love and reassurance. His short temper? He needed to learn to talk more about his feelings before he got to that point. The scary lifestyle he lived? With enough guidance, he could leave that world behind and find happiness. It didn't matter what flaws Seokjin had, he was going to stick with him forever because in his eyes there was no other love beyond Seokjin. Seokjin was his first and was going to be his last.Seokjin paused when he saw tears streaming down Taehyung's cheeks."Baby what's wrong? Am I hurting you?"Taehyung shook his head. "No, it's just." He choked back a sob. "I love you so much. I don't want anyone else but you."Seokjin smiled and kissed his lips while wiping his tears. "I love when you tell me that. It makes me feel so good. It's the same and more for me. I only see you in my eyes. If I could...I'd keep you in this room locked up with me forever."Taehyung wrapped his arms around him holding him tightly. "The crazy thing about it is...I would let you." They held each other tightly as they reached their climaxes. Blurred vision couldn't stop them from finding each other's lips.Taehyung wondered if this type of love was healthy. Either way, he didn't care. 
*December 2014*
 During the break, Taehyung and Jungkook returned home. Jungkook's mother met them at the door and showered them with hugs and kissed."I'm so happy you two are back! I missed you so much!" She sobbed. Jungkook laughed as he rubbed her back."Aww Eomma, you know we will always return."Taehyung nodded kissing her temple. "You're the world's best auntie and mom to us."She smiled wiping her eyes. "I just can't believe the two little boys I raised are now towering over me as young men. Come in, come in! I prepared a big dinner for us.""Where's Appa?" Jungkook looked at her as she took their coats. "Oh, he's away on a business trip but he'll be back next week."After they got settled they sat at the dinner table and were in shocked when they saw all the delicious food she had prepared for them."Eomma, you made all this for us!" Jungkook pretended to sob. "I don't deserve this!"She and Taehyung laughed at his dramatics. She playfully hit his hand. "Stop it you know I will always go all out for my babies. Eat up, I expect you two to eat everything.""Don't have to tell me twice!" Taehyung exclaimed stuffing his face. He paused when he saw her staring at him with a pleasant smile on her face. He slowly swallowed his food. "What's wrong?""Nothing much," she giggled. "I just can't help but notice this glow to you. You've also been staring at your phone while smiling widely."A blush came to his face making Jungkook laugh."A blush huh? What's that about?" She teased.He sighed deeply placing his chopsticks down. "Okay, you got me." He cleared his throat. "I'm seeing someone.""I knew it! The last time you came back you were all clouded and couldn't put your phone down." She giggled as his smile grew wider and his blush became deeper. "So who is the lucky guy?""His name is Kim Seokjin, he's two years older than me." He showed her a picture and her eyes widened."Oh wow! He's so handsome! Is he a model or an actor or something?"He laughed. "No, he's not.""I feel like with a face like his he should be on TV."Jungkook laughed out. "A lot of people always say that about him."She nodded. "How long have you two been together?""March will make a year."She clapped her hands. "When do I get to meet him? With a young man so handsome I'd have to put on makeup and pull out my best dress."They laughed."You're gonna make Appa jealous," Jungkook said and she winked."He gets cute when he's jealous." She looked back at Taehyung. "So when can I meet him?"Taehyung forced a smile on his face. He knew that answer wasn't any time soon, but he knew he couldn't say that. "When our schedules line up, we can set up a date."She nodded. "So, what's his major? Does he go to school full time or part time?""Eomma, are you a mom or an interrogator?"They all laughed, and she playfully hit her son. "I'm both! I have to look out for my only nephew and make sure he's with a good guy." She ruffled Taehyung's hair making him smile."I promise I'm in good hands.""Okay as long as you're happy, I will accept that." She then turned to her son. "What about you? Do you have anyone?"Jungkook cleared his throat. "No, I'm concentrating on my studies." He began stuffing his face and Taehyung laughed,"Good, school first." She then looked at Taehyung. "Remember to keep your grades up.""I promise my grades won't dwindle.""I believe you, you're a good kid. I'm proud of the both of you." She smiled. After his shower, Taehyung laid on his bed staring at the ceiling. He was still full from dinner. He couldn't remember the last time he ate that much. He knew his aunt would love Seokjin if he just let her meet him. He grabbed his cell phone and went to Seokjin's name.
: I miss you and can't wait to see you <3

Baby Angel: How long do I have to wait to see you?

: I'll be back at the dorm later next week after I see my uncle.

Baby Angel: 
☹ that's too long

: I know!  >_<

: Why don't you just come over so we can see each other?

Baby Angel: I'm not meeting your aunt
Taehyung sighed deeply raking his hand through his hair. Why wasn't he surprised with that answer?
: My aunt isn't going to crucify you!

Baby Angel: I'm still not meeting her
Taehyung called Seokjin and he picked up on the first ring. "You know eventually you'll have to meet her.""No, I don't.""So you don't see a future with me?""Of course I see a future with you.""How do you expect to have a future with me but not meet my family? The more serious we get the more my family will want to meet you.""What are you talking about? We can have a future together without you being involved with my family so we can do the same with yours.""But that's not even fair Jin. You're not close with your family. I'm very close with my aunt and uncle. She's going to be in my life as will Jungkook and my uncle.""Have you told your aunt about me?""I did."He let out a bitter laugh. "What lie did you tell her?""I didn't tell her any lies.""So, you told her I was from a trash background and sold drugs?""No, I didn't say that. I didn't say anything because when she started asking Gukie jumped in and changed the subject.""So, what happens when she gets back on the topic again and you have no way out? What then? What are you gonna say? A lie?" Taehyung was silent on the other end. "It's pissing me off that you keep trying to shove your family in my face!""It's not like that-""Why not just get another boyfriend who is more family oriented? I'm sorry I'm not close with my family like you are. Maybe we're not good for each other."Taehyung frustratedly ran his hand through his hair as he sighed. "Can you stop it?!" He was doing his best to keep his voice down, but his anger was boiling. "I don't want anyone else but you.""It doesn't feel like that. I feel like you want me to change to fit what you want."Taehyung bit his bottom lip trying to control his emotions, he was on the verge of either screaming or crying his eyes out maybe even both. "I won't ask anymore." His trembling voice whispered."Thank you, I'll stay on the phone with you until you fall asleep.""Okay." Taehyung got settled in the bed and silently listened to Seokjin's breathing before he knew it, he was matching his breathing pattern with Seokjin's. He gripped the phone. "You know I love you, right?" He didn't know how many times he had told the older male but he felt the more he said it the more Seokjin would understand there was no one who could replace him."I know...I love you too baby." He whispered.Tears spilled from Taehyung's eyes as he hugged his pillow wishing it was Seokjin next to him. The following week Taehyung and Jungkook returned to the dorms. Taehyung began preparations for their party. Even though he was low on cash himself, Seokjin never hesitated to give him money for what he needed. Taehyung gathered the invitations he made and tracked down his friends one by one. He smiled when he saw Bogum standing the hallway staring at his phone. He ran over to him."Hyung."He looked up and smiled at him. "Hey TaeTae, you're back?""Yeah, I came back early to hang out. I'm having a party on the 20th, can you come?" he handed him an invitation.He looked at it and chuckled. "You made this?""I did.""It's cute, it has you written all over it."Taehyung laughed. "I do sometimes like to draw cute things."He looked back at the invitation. "A hamster and a tiger? What does that mean?""It's an inside joke but our friends say Jin is like a hamster and I'm a tiger cub so I drew it on the invitation.""That's funny. So the party is for you both?""Yeah since we're both  born in December, I decided to have a joint party for us.""Aww that's really nice. You're such a considerate boyfriend."Taehyung blushed as he gave a shy smile. "I try my best.""I'm glad you invited me. I've been sad that we haven't hung out like we used to."He immediately bowed his head. "I'm so sorry! I've just been very busy lately."Bogum let out a laugh. "I'm teasing you TaeTae." He rubbed Taehyung's head making the younger sigh in relief. "I know Seokjin must take up a lot of your time.""It's not that he takes up a lot of my time but I love spending time with him. It feels natural to always be with him."Bogum nodded his head. "But also remember a healthy relationship is about spending time apart as well and doing your own things."Taehyung smiled. "Don't worry, we have a healthy relationship, he's good to me and I'm good to him."Bogum patted his shoulder. "Good, that makes me feel at ease hearing that. Also, call me some time so we can chat okay?""Yes, definitely Hyung! I promise."He winked. "I'll see you around." Taehyung smiled as he walked away.Taehyung looked down at his invitations to see how many he had left. He gasped when Jimin suddenly appeared next time draping his arm over his shoulder."So are you cheating on Jin Hyung with Bogum Hyung?""Shut up! No, I'm not!" He laughed. "We're just friends."Jimin stroked his chin. "I'm not surprised with your answer. I know you see no one but Jin Hyung but that doesn't mean that others won't be interested in you. You have such an outgoing personality it's only natural so beware of that.""Don't worry, I assure you that Bogum Hyung sees me as a friend only.""If you say so. Let's go eat I'm hungry and I miss you.""I know. I miss you too." They linked their arms and walked down the hallway. Taehyung laid his head on Seokjin's chest while he smoked a cigarette. Taehyung wiped the sweat from his forehead. He felt like it was taking even longer to come down from euphoria. He wondered how Seokjin was able to get him to that point with every sex session.He came from his thoughts when Seokjin stroked the back of his neck. He looked up at him."So, I picked the venue and called the place. He told me the down payment amount, so I'll pay that on Friday.""How much is it?""It's 200 hundred, my aunt is supposed to deposit my allowance by then so I can cover it.""Keep your money, I'll give it to you by tomorrow."Taehyung sat up. "No baby, you already paid for everything else.""Well I work, and you don't so let me cover it. It's one of my birthday gifts to you.""One? So, you have another one?""Maybe," Seokjin smirked."Not fair!" He whined. "When do I get it?""On your birthday.""Ugh, I don't like you." He pouted and Seokjin chuckled kissing his lips."I know you don't because you love me.""Too much." He replied accepting his lips. "But baby be careful out there okay?""Don't worry." He put his cigarette out and stroked Taehyung's hair. "I promise that I'll be safe.""I know you're always safe, but I can't help but worry about you."Seokjin kissed his lips and stroked his face. "I'll text you later when I make it back in, okay?""Yes." Taehyung straddled his hips deepening the kiss between them.Later that night Taehyung returned to his dorm and laid in the bed staring at the phone as it read one in the morning. He almost wished he stayed at the motel and agreed to wait on Seokjin's return. At least that way he could embrace him and hold him tightly. He sighed deeply hugging his pillow. He tried to force himself to sleep but his mind was racing with all the possible things that could happen to him while out there. He sighed deeply and sat up downing his water bottle.His phone began buzzing and he grabbed it tilting his head."Bogum Hyung, is everything okay?""Hey TaeTae, sorry for calling you so late, were you sleeping or are you with your boyfriend?""No, I'm not, I'm just laying here in my bed. What's up?" He laid back on the bed."Do you know what you're wearing for your party? Is there a dress code?""No dress code and I haven't picked one out yet. I'll probably go shopping this weekend. Do you have an outfit?""I have a few choices that I tried on, can I send you pictures of them and you tell me which one you like better?""Sure." Taehyung smiled."Okay, hold on."Taehyung looked at the three pictures that Bogum sent to him. "I like the third one better."Bogum laughed. "The third one does seem like your preference. I'm happy to have the fashionista pick out my outfit."Taehyung blushed while laughing. "Stop it Hyung!""It's true! A lot of the guys always talk about how good you dress. You always look nice even in simple style clothing."Taehyung smiled he wondered if Seokjin felt the same. Then again in Seokjin's presence, his clothes never stay on long enough for his lover to look from head to toe. Of course, it was the same with him but he would love to actually dress Seokjin one day."Seokjin is lucky to have you."Taehyung let out a small laugh. "No, I'm not anything special.""What are you saying? You're beyond special. When you smile you light up the entire room and brightens everyone's day."Taehyung's heart pounded as he smiled softly. "Thank you, Hyung.""I'm just telling the truth."Silence fell between them and Taehyung spoke softly. "I'm getting sleepy now but I'll talk to you later."Okay, sweet dreams TaeTae.""Thank you and you too Hyung.""Thanks." They hung up and Taehyung tightened his grip on his pillow wishing it was Seokjin. Taehyung grabbed his phone and sent him a text.
: I love you

Baby Angel: I just got home, you have awesome timing 
😊

Baby Angel: I have the money, so I'll drop it off to you tomorrow. I love you, see you tomorrow.

: Thank you, baby angel, I really don't deserve you! Can't wait to see you ^3^

Baby Angel: Send me a picture so I can sleep peacefully.

: What kind of picture you want 
😉

Baby Angel: One that's for my eyes only.

: Call me so I can hear your voice while I send you the picture.
 Seokjin woke up early and took a shower, he threw his clothes on and stood in the kitchen making food for him and Taehyung.His mother stumbled in the kitchen, he looked at her and saw her face was black and blue, but he said nothing. Honestly, he really didn't care since he was used to seeing her like that. It actually stunned him more when she didn't have bruises on her."Where have you been?" She slurred her drunken words."Not here.""Oh but you come here when it's convenient for you. I'm disgusted with you.""What else is new?" He rolled his eyes."You think you're on your high horse just because you got a gay lover you piece of shit."He ignored her."It doesn't matter though, you're garbage either way. Do you think that boy loves you? I got a good look at him. He looks like he's from a good family."Seokjin flinched."You're trash, a drug dealer, what can you do for that boy beside give him a good time? You can't give him any future. I'm actually glad you're gay so that way you won't procreate."He poured the food in the containers trying to control the anger building in him."It's gonna be funny when that boy leaves you. I can tell he has other options besides you. You have nothing or anyone so he's probably all you have but no one needs you not even me."Seokjin threw the pots in the sink. "I'm glad you don't fucking need me! Let's see who you call when your fucking husband slaps you and punches you in the face for being a worthless whore! That's all you fucking are! You never were a mother! I've never seen you as a mother I've only known you as the whore that brought me into a life that I never asked for!""Get out! You garbage! You trash! No one will ever love you! You hear me no one! If your body ends up in a ditch no one will give a shit!!"He grabbed the food and his keys and stormed out the kitchen. He slipped his shoes on and she stumbled behind him."As much as I hate gay men, that boy is too good for you." She let out a condescending chuckle. "I bet his parents would spit on you the moment they see you."He slammed the door behind him and got in the car speeding off. He gripped the steering wheel trying to block out everything she said but no matter how much he tried, those words stuck on him. They stuck on him because he knew they were true. Taehyung really didn't love him, he just was a thrill, a good time. They had no real future, they both wanted two different things or so their paths were too different. Taehyung was going to finish college and get an outstanding job and he was still going to be the trash he is now, selling drugs for his stepfather and never being able to break the chains that were forced on him.He swallowed hard trying to not to cry. He promised himself he wouldn't cry anymore, crying did nothing. He took a deep breath and parked the car to get his bearings together. His cell phone rang, and he rolled his eyes putting it on ignore. His anger amplified when it continued ringing. He finally picked it up."What?!""Jin-ah, why are you ignoring my calls?""Because I have nothing to say to you.""So you're not going to take our offer?""There's no point Sandeul, it won't help.""What are you saying? Appa is willing to help. It will do you good to come and live with us. The more you stay with your mother the worse you going to be and I really don't want to hear that my cousin ended up in jail or worse dead. You're an adult now if you leave your mother can't stop you. If your stepfather tried to pursue you, you know Appa will intervene. He has the power."Seokjin gripped the phone. "Deul-ah, I have to go.""Jin-ah please think about it! Just say the word and I'll come pick you up. Please."He let out a bitter laugh. "I'm too far gone...you can't help me. No one can.""Jin-ah don't say that. No one is ever too late for redemption. You just have to believe in yourself. Please."Seokjin looked at the phone and hung up without saying anything. He closed his eyes, there was no helping him. He was trash. No one loved him. He looked at his cell phone and called Taehyung, but he didn't answer. He called him again but the phone went straight to voicemail.He swallowed hard as his throat and chest became tight. See, he knew no one loved him not even Taehyung. He couldn't pick up the phone. Anger filled his body and he sent Taehyung a text.
: You always claim you love me but you don't pick up when I call you

Tiger Cub: What are you saying? I'm in class right now

Tiger Cub: We agreed to meet up at 3, it's 12 now.

Tiger Cub: Why are you always saying I don't love you. I do love you but you know I have classes at this time.

: Whatever, you can say whatever you want. You're probably hanging out with your friends because they are better than me

Tiger Cub: Where is this coming from? I'm not hanging out with anyone I'm in class.

: Forget it, I don't even want to meet up. I'll give Yoongi the money and he'll give it to you. You can have the party for you.

Tiger Cub: Oh my god Jin stop this! Why are you like this? What did I do? 
☹
His cell phone rang but he didn't pick up. However, Taehyung kept calling and he eventually picked up."Hello.""Where are you?'"I thought you said you were in class.""I was but I left class. Where are you?""I'm not there yet, I'm just parked." He lit a cigarette. "I'll come to the school now.""But I can't leave Jin, I have two classes.""You're right, that's more important. I won't come.""Can you come at three?""It just sucks because I'm always the one who needs you but you never need me. You have fifty million excuses as to why I can't see you when I want but when it comes to me I'm supposed to drop whatever and come running to you.""It's not like that at all! I need you, I always tell you I need you and I love you.""But your actions make it seem like you're lying." Seokjin sighed deeply. "Forget it, just go back to class I'll see you later.""No, no I'll leave now. Come to me, I'll go with you.""I'll be there in fifteen minutes.""I love you," Taehyung whispered."I guess." Seokjin hung up and tossed the phone in the passenger seat. He pressed his head against the steering wheel. He felt sick. Why did Taehyung jump for him no matter what he did or said? Why did he treat Taehyung like this? He knew it wasn't fair and it didn't make him feel good. However, it did make him feel loved to some extent.Once Taehyung got in the car, he hugged Seokjin tightly sobbing into his chest. Telling him how much he loved him and how nothing else was more important to him. He knew Taehyung probably meant his words but deep down inside he knew most things were important than he was. 
*December 20th, 2014*

(Party Songs for mood-

NCT 127: Fire Truck,

Big Bang: Fantastic Baby/Bang, Bang, Bang

Steve Aoki feat BTS: Waste it On Me)
Taehyung held Seokjin's hand as they walked into the venue. Taehyung gasped out when he saw the directions. Jimin, Jungkook, and Hoseok offered to decorate for him as a birthday present and they didn't fail to please him. He felt blessed having them in his life. He saw the DJ playing party tunes. He was happy when he saw some guests dancing and loosening up."Hey, guys!" Hoseok waved at them. Taehyung smiled and pulled Seokjin along. He hugged Jimin, Hoseok, and Jungkook."Thank you guys! This place looks amazing!" He exclaimed."Anything for our bestie." Jimin squeezed his cheeks making them laugh. They all huddled together to drink together.Daehee laughed. "Is this a pre-party before the wedding."Everyone laughed as Taehyung began blushing. Seokjin wrapped his arm around Taehyung and kissed his temple."You never know, maybe." He winked."I look forward to that day." Gisu smiled. "Make sure I get an invite."Namjoon smirked holding his glass to his lips. "They won't make it to the aisle they'll be too busy sucking on each other's faces."Seokjin scoffed. "Don't confuse us with you and Jiminie.""What?!" Jimin laughed out and buried his face in Namjoon's chest."Don't call us out." Namjoon retorted making them laugh."Hey, TaeTae." He turned around and smiled when Jae-Hwa, Bogum, Sunjae, and Hyung-Sik walked over to them. They greeted everyone."Nice that's a nice outfit Bogum Hyung," Jimin said with a smile."Thanks," he placed his hand on Taehyung's shoulder. "He's the one that picked out my outfit for me while we were talking. His sense of fashion is really amazing. He needs to be in the fashion business.""N-No I'm not that great, stop it." He let out a bashful laugh. He looked at Seokjin who was staring at his cup."Let's take a picture us public speaking nerds," Bogum said."I'll take the picture," Hoseok said while smiling.Taehyung stood in the middle as they all posed for the picture. After the picture was taken, they joked around with Taehyung calling him the maknae and ruffling his hair."There's a party happening next weekend, we should all go," Sunjae said."Yes definitely!" Taehyung said finishing his drink. He turned around and saw Seokjin grab another drink before walking out of the venue."Let's dance TaeTae." Jae-Hwa said."I'll be right back and then we can dance," Taehyung said and rushed after Seokjin. He saw Seokjin leaning against Yoongi's car while sipping his drink. "Jin, what's wrong? Why did you walk out?" He asked doing his best to ignore the blistering cold.Seokjin looked down at his cup. "I think we should break up."Taehyung's eyes widened. "What? Why? What did I do?""It's obvious you don't need me."Taehyung clutched his fists and his breathing increased. "That's not true. I do need you."He looked at the younger male. "How can you possibly need me when you have all these people around you. It's not fair that I depend on you for everything but you have options.""Jin I would never pick anyone before you." His voice cracked, his stung from the cold and unfallen tears building up."Stop lying!" Seokjin yelled. "You have your cousin, you have Jimin, you have a loving family and a bunch of friends. You're better off without me."Taehyung broke in tears and gripped his jacket while staring in his face. "Please don't do this Jin, please don't. Don't leave me. I need you so much. I love you with my all heart, there's no one for me but you. Only you." He sobbed and Seokjin remained silent."Hey is everything okay?" they turned around and saw Bogum approaching them.Taehyung wiped eyes and cleared his throat. "Yeah, everything is fine." He gave a weak smile.Bogum looked at Taehyung and shook his head. "You're clearly not okay if you're standing here crying. It's your party, you should happy not sad.""Hyung, everything is okay I promise." He cleared his throat and wiped his eyes again. Taehyung saw Bogum looking at Seokjin who was glaring at him."Why are being like this towards Taehyung?""Why don't you mind your fucking business?!" He snapped."I'm not going to mind my business when you're making him upset during his party. You won't even let him have fun.""Hyung, it's both of our party and I am having fun," Taehyung told him"How can you possibly be having fun when you've been stuck under him the whole time.""That's because it was my decision.""No, it's not, you're being controlled."Seokjin threw his cup to the ground and grabbed Bogum by the collar. "Get lost and mind your fucking business!""Jin!" Taehyung grabbed his arm but Bogum didn't back down."Taehyung doesn't need a street thug like you bringing him down. He deserves better.""Hyung, that's not true!" Taehyung cried."What kind of future can you give him? I wouldn't be surprised if you did illegal jobs on the side. That's all you seem to worth anyway."Seokjin clutched his fist and punched him in the face before swinging at him again."Jin stop! Jin stop!" Taehyung tried his hardest to hold him back but Seokjin became like an untamed animal that lost control. His strength was beyond what Taehyung imagined. "Jin please don't hurt him! I don't want you to get in trouble! Please!"His cries fell on deaf ears once Seokjin saw all red, he heard nothing. All he imagined was punching his mother, punching his stepfather, punching his stepbrother. Punching all the people that inflicted pain on him for no reason but just because he was an easy target.Taehyung didn't notice everyone else coming out the venue until someone pulled him off Seokjin. He saw Jungkook and fell into his arms sobbing. Yoongi and Daehee were able to pull the two apart. Bogum sat up coughing up blood.Seokjin shook his hand out and walked away since he didn't have his car."Jin!" Taehyung chased after him, he didn't hear his name being called behind him. His only focus was Seokjin. The cold no longer affected him as his adrenaline began pumping. He chased after Seokjin until he reached him and grabbed his arm.Seokjin looked at him and Taehyung pushed against his chest."WHY?!" He yelled out despite his voice getting hoarse. "Why did you do that?!""Go back to Bogum, I'm just a street thug that's just going to bring you down.""You're going to bring yourself down before anyone else!" He wiped his eyes as endless tears poured from his eyes. "You have anger problems! You need to get them sorted out before you land yourself in serious trouble if you haven't already!""You don't know nothing about me!" Seokjin snapped."That's because you don't let me in! You share with me what you want! You keep your past hidden from me!""Because it's none of your business!"Taehyung's eyes widened."Go back to your friends who love you so much.""Your fucking friends are there too! What are you talking about?! Stop making it seem like you have no one else in your corner!"Seokjin let out a bitter laugh. "That's why we should break up. We aren't good for each other." He turned around and began walking away.Taehyung ran up to him and grabbed his arm. "Please, Jin stop this! Don't break up with me! I'm sorry okay! I'm sorry." He cried.Seokjin snatched his arm from him and kept walking. Taehyung stood there helplessly watching Seokjin's figure get smaller and smaller until he was fully out of sight.He covered his face sobbing. He looked up when he felt a hand on his shoulder. He saw Jimin and collapsed in his arms sobbing."This is all my fault.""What? No, it's not TaeTae. It's far from your fault.""No, it's my fault. I'm so stupid." He broke down."Come on, let's get you back inside, it's freezing out here.""It's my fault.""It's going to be alright TaeTae, I promise." Jimin wiped his own eyes seeing his best friend like this made him want to break down. They got back to the dorm, while Jungkook and Jimin went to get him some tea and soup. He called Seokjin's cell phone, but it went straight to voicemail. After the third attempt, he decided to leave a message."I always tell you that I need you. But you never believe me. The harder I try to love you the more you push me away. It's like I want to say I'm sorry but I hate you but I also I want to say that I love you but I hate you. Why am I in love alone? Why am I hurting alone? I need you but why do I keep needing you when I know I'll probably get hurt. I-I-I just don't know what you want from me or what you want me to do. Please if you hear this, if you take the time to listen to this." His voice cracked as tears fell from his eyes. "I love you and will be here waiting for you so please don't take too long coming back to me. I need you." He hung up and hugged his knees as he began sobbing."TaeTae, are you okay?" Jimin rushed over to him and placed the tea on the table. He wrapped a blanket around Taehyung and hugged him tightly. Jungkook sat on the other side of him and stroked his back."You're not alone Hyung, we're here for you." Jungkook whispering making Taehyung cry more. Seokjin removed the phone from his ear and placed the phone next to him. He didn't deserve him. He didn't deserve to be needed. He had to stay away from him. It was best if he did. The truth hurt but he was no good for Taehyung.He cradled his head, why was he a fuck up? There was a knock on the front door, he looked up and saw red and blue flashes from out the window. Thankfully no one was home to witness this. He slowly stood up and opened the door."Kim Seokjin?" The officer asked him."Yes.""You are under arrest for the assault and battery of Park Bogum. You have the right to remain-" Everything else the officer said became fuzzy. All he knew he was handcuffed and placed in the back of the car. He looked out the window and saw Yoongi standing by his car watching everything in horror.He turned away and shut his eyes maybe this was a place he needed to rot in.



Chapter End Notes
I hope you guys like this chapter. Pls leave a comment and let me know your thoughts. You can also write me on twitter @taejin4eva if you want to chat or give me your opinion about my fic. I will also be posting some text AUs on my twitter in the future.  So please follow me :-) I'm really nice LMAO! See you next chapter! :-D


Chapter Eight: Diary Entry





December 30th, 2016,




He got fucking arrested! 


 


I don’t know what killed me more. 




The fact he got arrested because of me or the fact that Bogum got beat up because of me. 


 


The guilt killed my heart. I managed to let two people down at the same time. 


 


It didn’t have to come to this had I just been smart. Had I opened my eyes a little more, this could have been all avoided. 


 


I was worried that Jin would actually get time, Bogum Hyung’s parents were pressing charges and they both were lawyers. 


 


If he went to trial, he would definitely go to jail but if he took a plea deal, he would still serve time. 


 


Why did things have to end up like this? Why was I so stupid?


 


I didn't think I had any more tears left inside of me but they kept coming. 


 


Unfortunately, this wasn’t the last time I’ve felt all my tears were dry.  I just wondered how much more I could take.






Chapter Nine
Chapter Notes
Warning: Mentions of Suicide and Heavy Angst in this chapter. Heavier than the last chapter.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes






*January 2015*

Sitting in class, Taehyung sighed deeply running his hand through his hair. He couldn’t concentrate. His mind was filled with Seokjin. What was going to be his outcome? Was he going to go to jail? If so, how long? As angry as he wanted to be at both of them, the common denominator was him. This was his fault. He swallowed hard when his throat tightened, and his eyes stung with tears. He pushed the tears back, he promised himself not to cry anymore. It was bad enough he had a sudden breakdown while in math class and had to leave. He never felt so embarrassed. Maybe he should’ve stayed in his dorm today.Once class was over Taehyung pulled out his cell phone and called Bogum.“Hello.”“Hey Hyung, um…are you in your dorm now?”“Yeah, why?”“I wanted to know if we could talk.”Bogum let out a small scoff. “You had nothing to say to me a few weeks ago and now you want to talk?”He gripped the phone. “I’m sorry Hyung.” His voice cracked as he whimpered.He sighed. “Come over TaeTae.”“I’ll be right there.”He hung up his phone and rushed towards Bogum’s dorm that was on the top floor of their building. He knocked on the door and Bogum opened the door.“Come in.”“Thank you.” Taehyung bowed and kicked his shoes off. They sat on the bed. Taehyung felt it hard to look him in the face. He could see why his parents were furious, Seokjin really did a number on his face. He gripped his fists before turning towards Bogum. He bowed his head. “I’m so sorry!”Bogum chuckled a bit. “You have nothing to apologize for you. You did nothing wrong, it was Jin that hit me not you.”Taehyung took a deep breath and cleared his throat. “Hyung…can you please drop the charges on him.”Bogum blinked for a moment. “Huh? Have you gone mad TaeTae? A guy like that is better off locked up behind bars where brutes like him stay. I bet he won’t be so tough in jail.”Taehyung flinched a bit. “No Hyung, you’re wrong. Jin just needs help and throwing him in jail won’t help him.”“You can’t help someone like him. He obviously doesn’t want the help.”“Jin will change for the better.” Taehyung looked at him. “He just needs a chance to do better and I know he will change. I’ll do anything you want me to.”Bogum’s eyes widened. "What do you mean?"Taehyung leaned towards him. “You have feelings for me right? What if I gave you me?” Tears fell from his eyes. “I can give you free rein to do whatever you want for the next 24hrs.” His voice quivered.He shook his head in shock. “TaeTae no!” Taehyung looked down.“I don’t know what else to do to make you change your mind.” He sobbed.Bogum sighed. “That’s not necessary, I would never take advantage of you like that. I do have feelings for you, but I can clearly see where your loyalty lies.” Taehyung looked at him. “Jin is lucky to have you.”Taehyung wiped his eyes. “I’ll do anything for him.”Bogum gave him a sad smile. “Yeah I can see that but would Jin do the same for you?”“Of course, he would!” He said even though his stomach dropped, he knew Seokjin couldn’t give him a third of what he gave but he knew maybe one day he could.“I’ll drop the charges.”“You will?”“Not for him but for you. I don’t want you to do anything rash and to be honest, I did provoke him.”Taehyung hugged him tightly. “Thank you so much.”“Take care TaeTae, please.”“I promise I will Hyung.”_____________________________________________Two days after their talk, Taehyung headed to the jail only to learn Seokjin had been already released. He walked out the building and called Seokjin’s cell phone, but he didn’t answer. He continued to call yet there still wasn’t an answer.He returned to his dorm and sat on the bed calling and texting begging him to answer him. As seconds turned to minutes and minutes turned to hours, he suddenly felt like he was suffocating. Did Seokjin truly mean they were done for good? Did he mean those words? Was there no hope for them?As the night came, he just laid on the bed staring at the wall praying that Seokjin would call him and tell him to come to him. Every noise his phone made he checked to see if it was Seokjin even though he knew it wasn’t him. Taehyung sat up hugging his pillow realizing how alone he was. Jimin was with Namjoon would probably stay out all night and Jungkook was hanging out with friends. He stared at his phone.“Jin please call me, please, please.” He buried his face in the pillow sobbing. “I need you. I need you.” 

*A Few Days Later*

Taehyung’s cell phone rang but he ignored it since it wasn’t Seokjin’s ringtone. He stared at the unanswered text messages that he sent to Jin. He lost count how many times he called him. So, this was it? They were done for good? He didn’t want that. He couldn’t remember where Seokjin’s family’s house was or else he would go there.His phone buzzed again, and he saw Jae-Hwa texting asking him if he planned on coming back to class since he already missed three days. He told him they had a test coming up next week.Taehyung shoved the phone under his pillow. He knew his grades took a nosedive, but he didn’t care about that. How could he, when the love of his life disappeared on him? He was confident enough that nothing bad happened to him because their mutual friends would’ve told him.He choked back a sob, all he wanted was to hear Seokjin’s voice to make all this pain go away. Seokjin might’ve done some things to hurt him while they were together but this pain of being apart was nothing he was prepared for. He felt Seokjin should’ve taken his heart with him at this point.He wiped his eyes and sat up when the door opened, he saw Jimin and Namjoon walking inside.“Tae, were you sitting here crying all this time?” Jimin rushed over to him and wiped the new batch of tears falling from his eyes. He looked down.“I can’t get in touch with Jin, I don’t know where he is.”“He was released a few days ago, Yoongi Hyung picked him up,” Namjoon said and Taehyung looked him.“Do you have Yoongi Hyung’s number? I don’t know how to get in contact with him.”“We just left Yoonie Hyung, Hobi Hyung, and Kookie, they’re in Kookie’s dorm drinking,” Jimin said.Taehyung grabbed his phone. “I’m going there now.” He slipped on his shoes. “Thanks, guys.” He ran out the door.He headed down to the first floor and knocked on Jungkook’s door. No one answered. He knocked on the door again wondering if the three of them went somewhere. He called Seokjin but his call went unanswered.His anxiety was peaking, he knocked again praying someone answered but no one came to the door. Did they go out? He turned the doorknob to see if he was unlocked, his heart sped up when he discovered it wasn’t. He opened the door and his eyes widened when he saw Yoongi and Jungkook on his bed half naked making out. They jumped in a start when they saw Taehyung. He stood there trying to process what he had just seen.Jungkook jumped up off the bed and threw his shirt on. He bowed deeply. “I’m sorry Hyung!”“Why are you apologizing?”“Well, I never you told you about Yoongi and me.”“How long?”“About four months now.”Taehyung looked down. “I’m sorry, I never realize.”“That’s because you were too into Jin,” Yoongi said sitting up.“I’m sorry.” He whispered.“Don’t apologize Hyung. Um…but did you need something? Was that you knocking?”“Um yeah…I wanted to know where Jin was.”“Jin broke up with you,” Yoongi told him.“I know…” His voice cracked before he broke down sobbing. Their eyes widened when they saw his break down. Jungkook immediately hugged his older cousin. “I can’t and I won’t leave him. Please Hyung, tell me where he is. Please, I need Jin and he needs me. We need each other. Please.” He sobbed.“Hyung, your relationship with Jin Hyung isn’t healthy,” Jungkook told him.“You don’t know the ins and outs of our relationship!” He snapped.“I don’t have to!” Jungkook snapped back. “I see you turning into a person I don’t know anymore.”“Kook-ah, please mind your business, I know what I’m doing.”Jungkook looked down trying to fight his tears. Taehyung looked at Yoongi who was watching them. “Hyung, please tell me where Jin is. Please.”Yoongi sighed. “Jin moved out his family’s house and got an apartment. I’m only telling you this because I don’t think Jin is any better off than you are. He only leaves the apartment at night to work other than that he won’t move. He probably hasn’t eaten anything either.”“Please give me the address.”Yoongi looked at him. “I just want you to know that Jin will fall back in the same pattern. He’s been locked up before and trust me this wasn’t a redemption period for him.”“I know, I will help him.”Yoongi shook his head. “Taehyung-ah, no matter how hard you try you can’t change Jin on your own.”“But Hyung, I know I can be that pillar that Jin needs. He needs me.”Yoongi sighed. “Okay,” He grabbed Jungkook’s phone and sent Taehyung the address.“Thank you.” He bowed. “And I’m sorry for interrupting you two. Make sure to lock the door this time.” He rushed out the room and Jungkook sat down.“Did you do the right thing?”“The only way that relationship is going to end is if one of them walk away for good. We can’t stop it.”Jungkook leaned in his arms and began crying. Yoongi hugged him tightly and kissed the top of his head. Taehyung arrived at an old apartment building. He rushed to the apartment number that Yoongi gave him. He took a deep breath and knocked on the door. His heart tightened as the door rattled with his knock. He wondered if this door was even sturdy.The door swung open and Seokjin’s eyes widened when they stared at each other. “What are you doing here?”“Jin!” Taehyung began crying when he saw his bruised and battered face. “What happened to you?”Seokjin looked down. “This is nothing, my stepfather had done worse to me while growing up.”“Did you even mend your wounds?”“There’s no need for it. They’ll heal eventually.”“I’m going to rush to the store to get a first aid kit, did you eat?”“TaeTae, you shouldn’t be here.”“We’ll talk when I get back, I’ll be right back.” Taehyung ran out of the building and headed to the convenience store that was next door.He grabbed a first aid kit, some food, and drinks, he ignored the shady looking customers that were watching him. He figured he did stand out, this wasn’t his type of environment, but he didn’t care. He rushed out of the store and headed back to Seokjin’s apartment.He walked inside and saw it was a studio apartment that looked as if no maintenance work had ever been done on it. He kicked off his shoes and they sat on the mattress.Taehyung began treating his wounds, he did his best to control himself but he couldn’t stop his hands from trembling. It felt as if forever went by before he able to see Seokjin again.“I’m happy that you moved out and was able to get away from your family.”“Eh, I still work with my stepfather. I sell drugs at night.”“Why?”“It’s quick and easy money.”“Getting a stable job would be safer.”“No stable workplace is going to hire me.”“But you won’t know if you don’t try. You can do anything you put your mind to.”“We’re two different people.” Seokjin snapped. “What’s easy for you isn’t easy for me.”“I’m sorry Jin, I didn’t mean it like that.” He whispered.After he finished treating Seokjin’s wounds, they sat in silence. Seokjin then sighed.“Taehyung, you need to leave.”He began crying. “No, I won’t let you be alone.”“Can’t you see Taehyung?! I’m no good for you!”“You can be! Jin change is possible for anyone.”“Change isn’t possible for me.” Tears fell from Seokjin’s eyes. “You’re better off without me, I’m a fuck up.”Taehyung shook his head. “I mind as well be dead without you!”Seokjin looked at him and Taehyung wiped his tears that fell from his eyes. He then hugged Seokjin.“Baby please, love yourself more, you’re worth it.”“I don’t know how to love myself.” Seokjin sobbed.“I’ll help you learn then.”Seokjin looked at him. “TaeTae, why are you here?”

(Mood Song: Rather Be by H.E.R)

Taehyung cupped his face “I rather be with you than to be without you.” Taehyung kissed his lips. “I love you with all my heart and I can’t see myself without you Jin. If there’s no you, there’s no me.”“Taehyung-ah, I love you so much. I wanted to die without you.” He tightened his grip on Taehyung. “Taeyung-ah, please never leave me.”“I promise baby, I promise to be with you until we take our last breath.”Seokjin captured his lips, their tongues battled for dominance. Seokjin laid Taehyung on his back moving between his legs.Piece by piece their clothing came off, Taehyung moaned out and ran his hands through Seokjin’s hair when he slid his cock in his mouth. His body arched, he was tempted to cum almost immediately, that was how much he missed the older male, but he wanted to feel Seokjin’s mouth on him a bit longer.His legs spread open wider giving Seokjin better access to him. He cried out when Seokjin gripped his hips and his tongue teased his anal area. Seokjin spread his cheeks inserting his tongue while stroking his cock.Taehyung felt himself slightly going crazy, he never knew how much he missed Seokjin’s touch until he couldn’t have it. He was going to do everything in his power to make sure they stayed like this. His body jerked when Seokjin’s finger slid inside of him.“Fuck Jin, you’re gonna make me cum.”“Cum for me baby,” Seokjin told him. “Cum for me, I missed tasting you.” He continued sucking him off and Taehyung clutched the sheets underneath him as his body released. Seokjin didn’t move until swallowed every drop of him. “You taste so good, baby.”“Let me see,” Taehyung whispered as Seokjin hoovered him kissing his lips. Their tongues swirled together, and Taehyung wrapped his legs around his waist. Seokjin grabbed the lube from his bag that was next to them. He put some on himself and Taehyung’s ass before sliding inside of him.Taehyung held him tightly as Seokjin pumped into him. They both panted as the ecstasy filled their bodies.He kept telling himself this wasn’t a dream, he really was here with Seokjin making love. Tears swelled in his eyes. He couldn’t understand why he loved Seokjin so hard but he knew this man had the power to make or break him.Their tongues caressed and stroked together and Seokjin wiped the tears from the younger’s eyes. He buried his face in the crook of his neck. “I love you so much Taehyung-ah.” His grip on the younger tightened. “I love you so fucking much.”Taehyung’s heart stopped when saw Seokjin’s tears forming. They both held each other tightly, tears falling from their eyes and they vowed their love for one another as they rode their climax.They laid on the mattress trying to get their bearings together. Taehyung ran his hand through his sweated hair and turned to Seokjin.“We never made love like this before.”Seokjin kissed his lips before lighting a cigarette. “I know. I wouldn’t mind if we had sex like that more often.”Taehyung laughed. “I know I would never feel the same with anyone else.” He said rubbing his lover’s thigh.“Same for me. No one can take your place. Ah speaking of which," He got up and went over to a drawer. “I got this for you on your birthday.” He sat down and gave Taehyung the long thin box.Taehyung swallowed hard and slowly unwrapped the gift. His eyes widened when he saw two thin matching silver bracelets.“Matching bracelets?”“Yup, just for us.”Taehyung smiled putting on Seokjin’s bracelet as he put on Taehyung’s. They held their wrists together and Taehyung kissed his lips. With the way things were going, he knew they were going to be okay. 

*Two Weeks Later*

Jimin and Taehyung were sitting in their dorm on Jimin’s bed talking. Jimin smiled looking at the bracelet.“That’s so cute! I really like it.”“Thank you, me too. I can’t stop staring at it.”“Ah not fair! I’m going to tell Joonie, I want matching jewelry.”“Why don’t you two just married already?”“Shut up! We can’t help it that we’re soft for each other.”"Sappy soft you mean." Taehyung laughed when Jimin pinched his butt. “So how was your trip?”“Oh god, it was amazing!” Jimin pulled out his phone and showed Taehyung the pictures.“You guys look like you’re having fun.”“It’s was so much fun! That place alone is amazing! It was so open to all types of couples. No discrimination. It felt so good holding Joonie’s hand and no one judging us.”Taehyung smiled listening to his friend go into detail about his trip.“You and Jin Hyung should go one day, especially to get your relationship back on track.”Taehyung drummed his fingers against the mattress. “Our one-year anniversary is coming up in March so maybe I can plan something really nice for us.”“It’s not that expensive so you can save for everything within a month and a half. You have time.”“Maybe I should get a part-time job so I can make sure I have enough. Jin always gives me money but I want to do this on my own to surprise him.”Jimin smiled and nodded. “Yeah definitely! The school book store is hiring right now.”“Really?”“Yeah, let’s go now and see if you can get a job there.”“Alright.” They got up and left the dorm. That night Taehyung went to Seokjin’s apartment. He sat at the coffee table trying to make up for all the work he had missed. He was grateful for his superb student reputations and his professors gave him all the work to catch up on. He promised himself not to let his grades fall again.He saw Seokjin coming out the bathroom and getting dressed for his nightly run. Taehyung put his pen down and turned to him.“How long will you be gone tonight?”“I’ll try not to be out too late.”He sighed watching Seokjin stuff his backpack.“How long do you plan on doing this?”He shrugged. “The money is faster to make."“Yeah but it’s dangerous.”“I can handle it.”Taehyung shook his head and went back to his work. He decided to let it go not wanting to spark a fight.“You’re coming over tomorrow after classes, right? I’ll make some food.”“I have to work after classes, but I’ll be over when my shift ends.”Seokjin looked at him. “Work? Since when you started working?”“I applied for the school book store this afternoon and they hired me. I start tomorrow. I’m really excited.” He smiled.“But why are you working?”“Huh?” Taehyung let out a laugh. “What am I not allowed to work?”“I’m just saying you don’t need to work if I’m the one working.”“I just want to make a little money of my own.” He shrugged.Seokjin turned away from him. “Right, make money or just flirt with guys.” He grumbled.Taehyung put his pen down looking at him. “Now you’re just being ridiculous.”“Where are you working then?”“I just told you, I applied for the school book store.”“Isn’t that flirting lane? Everyone goes into the book store to look for their next potential hookup.”“I have no intention of flirting with anyone. I just want to do my job and leave.”They stared at each other for a moment and Seokjin folded his arms.“Are you playing my emotions?”Taehyung let out a deep sigh. “No, I’m not.”“Because I find it so weird that suddenly you want to work. People who cheat tend to change their everyday doings to be closer to their lover on the side. So just let me know now if you’re playing with me or not!”“Are you fucking kidding me?! Wasn’t I over here just a few weeks ago literally begging you to be with! Why would I cheat on you after all that?!”“So now you’re trying to manipulate my feelings on this situation?”“Oh my god.” Taehyung sighed running his hands over his face. “Can you please just trust me?” He could the tears threatening to form in his eyes. He swallowed hard trying to push them away.“I have to go.” He said and just walked out the door.Taehyung sighed deeply lying back on the floor staring at the ceiling. His mind was speeding, he had no idea what he could do to make Seokjin trust him. He began wondering if he did something to make him feel so uneasy. Then again, the situation with Bogum probably left a permanent bad taste in his mouth.He rolled on his side staring at the wall. His heart constricted as that incident flashed through his mind again. He wondered if they would be able to get over that. He really wished he was more tentative to the situation.His cell phone vibrated, and he saw a message from his group chat with Jae-Hwa, Bogum, Hyung-Sik and a few other friends. Since the incident with the party, he hadn’t answered or wrote in the group chat. Maybe he was flirting without realizing it. That could be why Bogum suddenly gained feelings for him because he let himself be open.Tears formed in his eyes, no wonder why his boyfriend didn’t trust him. He allowed himself to be easily flirted with. He stared at his contacts and slowly began deleting everyone’s number only leaving him, their mutual friends, Jimin, Jungkook, and his aunt and uncle.Maybe if he and Seokjin hung out with the same people then he wouldn’t feel the need to distrust him so much. He hated that he made Seokjin feel like this.He stared at the link to the resort that Jimin sent him. He was determined to make their first-year anniversary memorable. 

*February 2015*

After classes, Taehyung went straight to work. His coworkers were really nice, and they all clicked so easily. He stayed a bit closer to the girls than he did the guys. However, he didn’t take any numbers nor agree to hang out with anyone outside of work.Towards closing time Taehyung and Yusuke began straightening up the store.“Hey TaeTae, do you have any good tunes? I’m tired of listening to this elevator music and I left my phone in the car.”Taehyung laughed. “Yeah, I’ll play something good.” He connected his phone to the speaker. Yusuke sat on the counter as Taehyung stacked the books.“Who is your ultimate bias group?” Yusuke asked eating a snack, he offered Taehyung some, but he declined.“Um, my bias band would be Big Bang.”“Big Bang is really good! My older brother is a big fan of Seo Taiji and Boys.”“Who isn’t?!” They both laughed.“Have you ever listened to Japanese music?”“I’ve heard some songs before.”“If you like rock UverWorld is amazing.”“They did some anime openings, right? Like Bleach and Blue Exorcist, right?”“Yeah, that’s them! Their music is really good!”“I’ll check them out.”“Ayumi Hamasaki is a classic as well. When I think more artist, I’ll recommend them to you.”“Thanks.” Taehyung typed in the names in his phone. “I love listening to music from different countries.”“Don’t tell Chun-Hwa Noona, I’m telling you this because then she’s gonna demand I give her the names of Japanese artists that no one’s heard of. My mind isn’t that good.”Taehyung laughed out. “Chun-Hwa Noona loves to be the first to know everything.”“Tell me about it, I have to ask my mom recipes she’s never even heard of just because Chun-Hwa Noona wants to know.”They both laughed out, Taehyung’s smiled faded a bit when he saw Seokjin walk in“Oh, Jin? What are you doing here?” Taehyung smiled leaning against the counter.He shrugged slipping his hands in his pockets. “Is it against the law for me to visit my boyfriend?”Taehyung looked down blushing a bit. He then turned to Yusuke and smiled. “This is my boyfriend Jin and Jin this is Yusuke Hyung one of my coworkers.”“It’s nice to meet you.” Yusuke smiled.“You too. Are you new to the school?”“Yeah, I just transferred here. I’m half Japanese and half Korean, I originally lived in Tokyo but moved here to be closer to my dad and his family.”“I always wanted to visit Japan,” Taehyung said.Yusuke nodded. “You definitely should! There’s so much to do there and there are tons of places you would love. If you ever go, let me know and I’ll give you some awesome recommendations especially if you go to Okinawa.”“We should totally go, right babe?” Taehyung looked at Seokjin who shrugged.“I really don’t have any interest in going, I’ll see you later.” He walked out of the store. Taehyung sighed and bowed to Yusuke.“Sorry about that, he must’ve had a rough day today.”“It’s cool.” Yusuke chuckled and they continued with their shift. Taehyung walked into Seokjin’s apartment after his shift. He kicked off his shoes and placed his bags on the couch. He saw Seokjin standing in the kitchen cooking.“Hey babe.” He said but Seokjin didn’t say anything. “Why did you leave so suddenly? You could’ve stayed until my shift was over.” He said but received no reply. “Jin, what’s wrong?”Seokjin moved around the kitchen without saying anything. Taehyung sighed and sat on the couch, he began sorting out his school work as Seokjin cooked in the kitchen.When the food was done Seokjin plopped a plate in front of Taehyung and went into the bathroom to shower.Taehyung began eating the food, his mind went to Seokjin wondering what happened and why he was so silent. It was killing him that Seokjin wasn’t saying anything to him. His mind went to Yusuke and when Seokjin walked into the store, but he was he confident that he wasn’t flirting with Yusuke. Or was he without realizing it? He was more than positive they were just being friendly but was there a thin line between friendly and flirty? It had to be flirting, why else would Seokjin get mad at him.He cleaned his dish and sat back at the coffee table doing his work or at least trying to. He looked up when Seokjin came out of the bathroom and got dressed.“Are you going to be late tonight?” He asked. His lips tightened when Seokjin still didn’t answer him and walked around him as if he wasn’t there. “Jin, can you answer me please?” His breathing increased as Seokjin slipped his shoes and walked out the door slamming the door shut.“What did I do?” He whispered as tears fell from his eyes. He hugged his knees burying his face into his arms as the tears increasingly spilled from his eyes. This felt worse than arguing. He grabbed his phone and sent him a text message.
: Please Jin, if I did something wrong, please tell me? I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I don’t know what I did to make you upset but I’m sorry.
He stared at the phone praying he received an answerback but after an hour he knew Seokjin wasn’t going to answer him.He looked at Jimin’s name and contemplating talking to him. He felt like he really needed someone right now but just as he was going to hit the call button. He placed the phone down next to him hugging his knees tighter. It wouldn’t be fair for him to burden Jimin with relationship problems he was causing. Also, he didn’t want Seokjin to get angrier at him.He closed his assignment books since he knew he wouldn’t be able to concentrate on his work. He took a shower and changed into a pair of Seokjin’s pajamas. He hugged the pillow while staring at his phone, hoping he would get an answer.His eyes snapped open when he felt someone hovering over him. He saw Seokjin planting kisses on his face and lips. Taehyung immediately hugged him tightly.“I’m sorry Jin.” He cried. “I’m sorry.”Seokjin cupped his face kissing his lips as he wiped the younger’s tears away. “I know Tiger Cub, I know you’re a big flirt, but I love you too much to let you go because of it. So, I’ll just deal with the pain.”“I promise I won’t flirt anymore Jin. I promise I won’t hurt you anymore. I’m so sorry. I’ll focus on you only.”“I don’t believe you, but I forgive you.” He kissed his lips as they both came out of their clothes.Taehyung fell asleep almost immediately after they reached their climax. He stared at Taehyung in his arms, probably to most Taehyung seemed like this big scary man but the way he was clutching on to him curled up around him made him look small and vulnerable.He stroked Taehyung’s head, why couldn’t he be the only one in Taehyung’s life like Taehyung was to him? He was determined to prove his mother wrong. Taehyung needed him and was going to need him. He hugged the younger man closer to him. He loved him too much and didn’t want to let him go. He was going to show him love the only way he knew how.It ripped his heart out every time Taehyung cried but in a sick twisted way that he himself couldn’t understand. He felt like Taehyung’s tears justified his love and loyalty to him.He sighed deeply. Why was he like this? After that day, Taehyung made sure not to really talk to anyone at his job like that anymore. He was always asked if he was okay, but he just told them stress with school. As uni students everyone understood. After his shift, he rushed out the building and he headed to his car. He stopped suddenly when Jungkook grabbed his arm.“Shit Guk-ah, you scared the shit out of me. What happened?”“I’m just making sure you’re okay.”“Why wouldn’t I be?” he shrugged.“I’ve been calling you and texting you and you never return any of my calls or texts. Jiminie Hyung says you’re barely at the dorm anymore.”“Okay…” he shrugged. “you guys know where I’m at.”“Are you even going to come home during Spring Break?”“I’ll try.” He just shrugged.“TaeTae Hyung, you’re changing, and I don’t like it.”Taehyung opened his mouth until his phone began ringing. “We’ll talk later I have to go.” He said getting in the car. “Hello Jin, I’m on my way to you now.”Jungkook just watched helplessly as his older cousin drove away. 

*March 2015*

As the first week of March rolled in, Taehyung informed everyone at the book store, tonight was his last night. He had enough money for the trip and was happy he was able to do it on his own. As his shift came to an end, they gave him a small party and gave him hugs.“You’re so nice TaeTae.” Chun-Hwa smiled. “Take care, honey.”“We enjoyed working with you, you should really come out your shell more.”“I agree you have a great personality underneath your shy exterior.”He bowed his head thanking everyone and promised to keep in touch even though he didn’t take any numbers.He walked out the building stretching his body, he stopped short when he saw Seokjin standing there smoking a cigarette. He then smiled walking up to him.“What are you doing here? I thought I was going to meet you at your place.”Seokjin scoffed. “What you didn’t want me to come because you didn’t want me to catch you.”Taehyung tilted his head. “Catch me doing what?”“So you’re just going to allow those guys to hug you?”“Everyone gave me a hug.”“I didn’t see everyone, I only saw those guys.”“Give me a break, they are straight so there’s no attraction there!”“Of course you would tell me anything.” He snapped. “It seems now not only are you a flirt these days, but you’ve also become good at lying too.”“How am I lying? I haven’t flirted with anyone, I swear!”“Look at the way you’re dressed, you clearly want everyone’s attention. I guess my attention isn’t good enough for you.”“That’s not true at all! I swear it’s not!”“Then why did you get a job? What was your reason?”Taehyung ran his hand through his hair. “I was trying to plan a romantic getaway for us this weekend! I was working to save up money so I could surprise you!”“You could’ve asked me for the money.”“I always ask you for money, is it so wrong that I wanted to do something on my own without asking you!?!”Seokjin tossed out his cigarette. “I guess not when you have such an unreliable boyfriend.”“Oh my god Jin! It’s not like that!”He shrugged. “It seems like that, you could’ve asked me but instead you chose to work and flirt instead.”“I wasn’t flirting!!” Taehyung yelled out.“You were but let’s drop it because it’s obvious this is a personality flaw you have.”“A personality flaw? Are you fucking kidding me? How this is fair that you always think I’m flirting or cheating?! Everyone but you can see how crazy I am about you! I give you all my time, right after class or work I’m with you. On the weekends I’m with you. It’s to the point that I mind as well just move in with you! I don’t even sleep in the dorm anymore!”“Yeah but you’re always on your phone talking to someone!”“I’m on my phone playing games! I gave up majority of my friends for you!”“Because of me? So I’m the problem?”“I’m not saying you’re the problem. I’m just saying I give you everything of me and yet it never seems enough. The only people who I talk and rarely are Gukie and Jiminie unless you want me to give them up too?”“Stop fucking with my head!” Seokjin yelled out. “You’re sitting here making up bullshit trips just so you can make yourself available! I’m not stupid!”“Stop yelling at me!”“I wouldn’t yell if you didn’t piss me off!”Tears fell from his eyes. “All I wanted to do was surprise you.” His voice shook. “But you ruined it because you have to be such a dick!”Seokjin laughed out. “Wow name calling now. Just continue to hurt me, I love seeing your true colors.”Taehyung raked his hand through his hair. “I can’t take this anymore! I don’t know what you want me to do! What can I do to make you happy?! That’s all I want to know! What do you want me from me?!” He broke down sobbing.“Are you guys okay?” They turned around and saw Namjoon, Jimin, Hoseok and Daehee.Taehyung immediately turned away and wiped his eyes that just replaced old tears with new ones. Seokjin stared at the ground not saying anything.“I’m gonna go.” Taehyung said turning to his car.“TaeTae wait,” Jimin turned to Namjoon. “I’m gonna go with him.”He nodded. “Okay.”Jimin got in the car with Taehyung. Seokjin looked away as Taehyung drove off. Daehee rubbed Seokjin’s back.“Let’s get a drink so we can talk,” Namjoon said.“Okay, we’ll meet you guys at the bar.” Hoseok said, as Namjoon got in the car with Seokjin. Once in the dorm, Taehyung got under the covers and Jimin snugged up next to him stroking his head.“Do you want to talk?”“Not really.” He sniffled.“Okay, then we’ll just cuddle.” Jimin pulled him closer as Taehyung cried into his chest.When Taehyung opened his eyes, he saw that he and Jimin both fell asleep. He slowly got out the bed and slipped his jacket on. He walked outside, the night air was still chilled, but it felt good against his skin.He sighed thinking about everything that happened with Seokjin. He was tired, drained and exhausted. Seokjin made him so crazy, he almost began thinking he was the problem of their relationship. He was the reason why they couldn’t be happy. Maybe he had the anger problems as much as they fought Seokjin never once called him a name, yet he was the one who snapped and called him a dick. It killed him when he saw Seokjin’s face break a bit.Maybe he couldn’t see things from Seokjin’s point of view because he was still selfish. But if he was so selfish then why was he the one always trying to figure out how to make Seokjin happy? He slipped his earbuds in and turned on his music. “Perfect Nightmare” by Shontelle began playing.Sometimes we fightSometimes I cryWhy don't I just tell him goodbyeSometimes I should butSometimes I don'tBuild up the strength to say that its wrongSometimes I hate, sometimes I loveSometimes I hurt, sometimes I don'tSometimes I wait for him to changeBut its okay I just got to pay (yeah)He reached in his pocket and pulled out two cigarettes that he stole from Seokjin. He stared at the cancer stick as he called it. He knew Jungkook smoked one or two when he felt overwhelmed or stressed. Seokjin and Yoongi usually went through a pack or so a day.He wondered if these really helped relieve stress.
And I don, t ever wanna leave 'em aloneThey say I'm brain washed but I'm in love with this man (yeahhh)
Keep tellin' myself that its not worth itI already know I don't deserve itBut if its from you I don't mind hurtingThis is my perfect nightmareSo when will I wake up and screamHe put it to his lips and slowly lit it, with one puff he began choking. His chest and lungs were on fire as his eyes watered. However, they turned into real tears that trickled down his cheeks. He sobbed out because the fire his chest and lungs felt didn’t measure up to the pain that Seokjin made him feel.No way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no wayBut if its from you I don mind hurtingThis is my perfect nightmare (perfect nightmare)Sometimes I keep it coolSometimes I let 'em know, sometimes I even pack my bags to walk out the doorSometimes I feel safeSometimes I really don'tSometimes I promise that I'm ready to let 'em goBut I don't ever wanna leave 'em aloneThey say I'm brainwashed but I'm in love with this man (ooooh)He closed his eyes and took another puff. Was this a battle that he couldn’t win? Everyone kept telling him he couldn't but he kept telling them he could. He loved Seokjin so much and he knew he needed a lot of reassurance.Keep tellin' myself that its not worth itI already know I don't deserve itBut if its from you I don't mind hurtingThis is my perfect nightmareSo when will I wake up and screamHe knew his home life was bad but was this something he could tackle alone? Could take on the burdens of Seokjin’s problems and juggle the brewing of his own problems? Could Seokjin change? Was this how love was supposed to be?No way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no wayBut if its from you I don mind hurtingThis is my perfect nightmare (perfect nightmare)
Hopin' hes changing but I'm scared hes not cant see a way to leave himHe open'd my eyes and I
Keep tellin' myself that its not worth itI already know I don't deserve itBut if its from you I don't mind hurtingThis is my perfect nightmareSo when will I wake up and screamNo way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no way, no wayBut if its from you I don't mind hurtingThis is my perfect nightmare (perfect nightmare)He gripped the cigarette and hugged his knees. He didn’t know what to do. He didn’t know who to turn to. He felt alone and lost.His cell phone chimed, and he looked at it. He saw a message from Seokjin.
Baby Angel: I’m so sorry TigerCub, I lobe u so mich.

Baby Angel: I dnt meant to hurt you. I need u so muich

Baby Angel: Lets go own tbe trip n spend annivesary 2gether

Baby Angel: I’m fuck up I kno

Baby Angel: I dn’t deserbe u

Baby Angel: If u dn’t forgibe me I will leave alone
Taehyung called him.“Tiger Cub.” Taehyung’s heart broke when he heard Seokjin’s sniffled voice and slurred words.“Are you drunk?”“I went drinking with Joonie, Hobi and DaeDae.” He sighed. “I’m sorry.”“Where are you now?”“Home and alone. Maybe I should just use the drugs I sell and overdose so I can’t cause any more problems to anyone.”“No, don’t do that.”“I am, I’m alone. Why doesn't anyone love me? Why does my mom hate me so much? Why can't I get her to love me? Why I do hurt you so much? I deserve to be alone. I should've never been born.” He cried.“Don't say that Jin, you’re not alone and I love you. I’m coming to you right now. Drink some water until I get there.”“I love you.” Seokjin whispered.“I love you too Jin. I’m coming okay?”“Yeah.”Taehyung hung up and put out his half-smoked cigarette before shoving it into his pocket. He ran into the dorm to get his car keys.Jimin sat up and stretched his body. “Are you going back to Jin Hyung?”Taehyung froze for a moment before answering. “Yeah.”“How long have you two been fighting like that? With you screaming and crying?”Taehyung gripped his keys. “This was the first major bad fight.”“I know you’re lying. I feel like this fight and the fight you two had at the party happens a lot. That’s not healthy TaeTae. Couples fight, of course, but if you’re always crying and screaming that’s not healthy for you.”“I’m fine ChimChim.” Taehyung looked at him.“Have you looked at yourself lately? Your smile isn’t the same. I know you love Jin Hyung but TaeTae he has a lot of issues that you can’t fix yourself.”“I’ll talk to you later, I’m going.”“Talk to me later huh? You mean you decide to answer my text or calls. Am I still your best friend?”“Of course, let me just get myself together.”“And going to Jin Hyung is going to get yourself together? Look at yourself! He’s breaking you down!”Taehyung felt tears brewing and he shook his head. “I’m going, I’ll see you later.” He walked out the door. Jimin buried his face in the pillow and began sobbing. He got to Seokjin’s apartment and broke down in his arms. They hugged each other tightly as they cried together.“I’m sorry Tae, I never want to hurt you. I never-”“I know. I love you Jin, I love you so much.”“Please don’t leave me TaeTae, all I have is you.”“I’m not going anywhere. You’re the only one I have too.” Taehyung wiped Seokjin’s tears and kissed his lips. “It’s just us okay, just the two of us, no one else. No one else.” He whispered. Seokjin fell asleep in his arms and Taehyung stroked his head kissing his forehead.He was the only one in Seokjin’s corner, he decided to put his selfish feelings and needs to the side. He had to keep Seokjin happy, he was a lot more fragile than he let on and Taehyung wanted his happiness more than anything else.



Chapter End Notes
There will be one last chapter of heavier angst before the redemption period. I just want to say about this chapter. What Jin is doing to Taehyung is called psychological manipulation. Making him feel like he's the one that's wrong when that's not the case and then using tears and his problems as a way to reel him in. In this story, because Jin is really suffering from trauma he's about 35% aware of what he's doing but the half he really needs the love and company of Taehyung and he really does feel remorseful for hurting him but doesn't know how to stop it from happening.In a relationship when a partner does this, 9/10 there's no remorse. Their goal is to reel you in and keep you where you're at. They don't care that you're hurt nor do they care that they're hurting you. They just want under their control. There's a major difference between someone who is going through trauma and someone using their trauma as an excuse to hurt someone. I hope this chapter you were able to see clearly what psychological manipulation looks like. I'm available on twitter @taejin4eva if you want to talk to me about your feelings about this chapter or just want to ask me questions. See you next chapter, after chapter 11 I will be releasing a mini video that goes with the chapter. So please follow me so you don't miss it <3


Chapter Ten: Diary Entry





December 30, 2016,

 

This vicious cycle between Jin and me continued sadly into 2016. 

 

The more we fought, the more he broke me down, the more I lost sight of myself and nearly lost everything dear to me. 

 

On a good day, I would say things like “hang in there Tae” “You’re eventually getting through to him” “Look how much he loves you.” 

 

On a bad guy, I just smoked and did my best to block out everything while telling myself. 

 

“


Are you crazy, you need to leave him” “this is pointless, you can’t change him” “he’s never going to change.” 

 

But I stayed looking for those good days to come. 

 

When it rained, it poured but once the rain cleared up there usually a rainbow somewhere. 

 

I stupidly was determined to help him. 



 



There had to be hope for him. Deep in my heart, I knew it!





Chapter Eleven
Chapter Notes
This is chapter is longer than the others. This is the last heavy angst chapter and it will be the heaviest. This chapter will show the effects of emotional abuse. As I said it's really heavy but please bear with it until the end.WARNING: self-harm, suicidal thoughts, anger and emptiness




*April 2015*

Taehyung sat in his psychology class. He stared over his notes to make sure he had everything together for their upcoming test.

“Today, we’re going to talk about the different types of abuse and the psychological effects it can have on a person.” His professor said.

“The characteristics of an abuser is control and dominance. Every abuser’s story is different but their actions are the same. They can be self-centered, impatient, unreasonable, insensitive, unforgiving, lack of empathy, also they are often jealous, suspicious and withholding.”

Taehyung furrowed his eyebrows

“To maintain control some abusers “take hostages” meaning that they may try to isolate you from your friends and family.”

His breathing increased and shook his head. He knew psychology easily got into one’s head and could make them feel like this what they have or going through when that wasn’t the case. He looked down at his cell phone that buzzed in his lap.


Baby Angel: I love you and can’t wait to see you.


Taehyung couldn’t fight back his smile.


: I love you too and will be to you as soon as I leave my last class. Are you cooking?



Baby Angel: Yup! Just for my baby 😊



:<3 <3 <3


He looked back at the professor. “Their moods can shift from fun-loving and romantic to sullen and angry. Some punish with anger, others punish with silence or both. It’s almost always their way or no way.”

Taehyung rubbed his head, he suddenly felt an urgency to leave class. He just shook his head again, telling himself he was thinking too much. Of course, he and Seokjin fought but every couple did. That didn’t make it emotional or verbal abuse and he was no better, he usually called Seokjin names when he got really angry. So if anything maybe he was the abusive one.

The professor turned to the board and began writing. “So what is emotional abuse. Emotional abuse is, distinct from physical violence, is speech and/or behavior that’s derogating, controlling, punishing or manipulative. Withholding love, communication, support, or money are indirect methods of control and maintaining power. Passive-aggressive behavior is covert hostility. The passive-aggressor is a wolf in sheep’s clothing. Behavior that controls where you go, to whom you talk to or what you think is abusive. Verbal abuse is the most common form of emotional abuse but it’s often unrecognized because it may be subtle and insidious. It may be said in a loving, quiet voice or be indirect or even concealed as a joke.”

She turned to the board. “So let’s list some examples of emotional and verbal abuse,”

Taehyung closed his eyes, the more she talked the more he felt suffocated. He really wanted to get up and leave but he didn’t want to draw attention to himself. He stopped taking notes and began drawing trying to drown out what she was saying.

As soon as class was over, he rushed to his dorm room and threw his blanket around him. He hugged his knees and let the tears he had been fighting for nearly three hours to fall. He kept asking himself was this his relationship? There was no way, he knew that abusive relationships could happen often but there was no way Seokjin was an abuser. He was abused by his mother and stepfather. He was just misunderstood and needed help and love to get him through his hard times. Taehyung took a deep breath and knew those good days were coming. The days where he and Seokjin always laughed and smiled at each other. The days where they didn’t fight or Seokjin believed that he loved him. He knew if he held on long enough those days would come. He reminded himself sometimes you had to take the good with the bad. Seokjin’s family let him down so he only had him to uplift him.
 
 

It was too dark to see, Taehyung couldn’t see anything in front of him or behind him. He held out his trembling hands as he took slow steps forwards.



“Is anyone here?!”He called out. “Anyone?!” His heartbeat increased as he heard nothing. That same suffocating feeling came back. “Please! Help me! I can’t see anything! Help me!”



He then saw a light a few feet from him. He ran towards the light and in the middle of it trying to look around to see if he saw anything around him. He saw nothing but darkness. Anxiety began filling his body as he felt it harder to breathe.



“Tiger Cub,” 


he whipped around when he heard Seokjin’s voice but he didn’t see anything.



“Why not just get another boyfriend who is more family oriented? I’m sorry I’m not close with my family like you are. Maybe we’re not good for each other.”



“You have your cousin, you have Jimin, you have a loving family and a bunch of friends. You’re better off without me.”



“Go back to your friends who love you so much.”



“It seems like that, you could’ve asked me but instead you chose to work and flirt instead.”



“Because of me? So I’m the problem?”



“I’m sorry.”



“I’m sorry Tae, I never want to hurt you.”



Hearing all of Seokjin’s words, Taehyung covered his ears and crouched down to the ground. Hearing the apologies hurt more than the verbal attacks Seokjin gave him. Tears fell from his eyes and all he could hear was his muffled sobs. The voices continued and Taehyung was about to lose it.



“STOP IT!!” He screamed. “STOP!”



“I’m sorry.”



“I’m sorry.”



“I’m sorry.”



“I’m sorry.”



“I’m sorry.”



He curled in a fetal position keeping his ears covered, his screams became soft from his throat starting to hurt. Small, fragile whispers left his lips. “Stop apologizing, you don’t mean it.” He sobbed. “Stop saying sorry, you don’t mean it.”



Soon the words faded away and it was pure silence again. He rolled on his back staring up into blackness.



His body began aching and his face muscles felt sore. He placed his hand on his cheek and felt pain. A mirror appeared in front of him and he saw bruises on his face. His breath sucked in.



Another voice appeared. 


“Verbal and emotional abuse gives you bruises that no one can see.”



He sat up and shielded himself as the mirror shattered and a cage lowered down over him. He grabbed the cage trying to move it but it wouldn’t budge. 


“Abused victims often feel trapped.”



He punched and kicked at the cage. “STOP IT! FUCKING STOP IT! LET ME OUT!!!” He screamed out.

 
 
Taehyung bolted out his sleep, his white t-shirt clung to his sweaty skin. Sweat dripped from his temple. He looked next to him and saw Seokjin was sleeping. He reeked of alcohol, he probably went out drinking before coming back home. He got up and grabbed a water bottle from the fridge. He sat on the kitchen floor chugging his water. He ran his hand through his hair trying to get his bearings together. He took another big sip and clutched his hair.

He knew he and Seokjin struggled a lot. But could he take as far as to call it emotional abuse? He sighed as his mind drifted to their trip for their 1
st
 year anniversary last month.


*March 2015*



The train began moving towards their destination, Taehyung leaned his head on Seokjin’s shoulder as he read him all the fun things they could do.



Seokjin ran his hand through Taehyung’s hair and gives him a small kiss on the forehead. “I can’t wait to make memorable moments with you.”



“Me too, I know we’re going to have fun baby.”



“Definitely, I packed us some food, let’s eat and take a nap. We have a three-and-a-half-hour trip.” He handed Taehyung a container.



“Thanks babe.”



They got to the resort around noon, Taehyung opened their room door and gasped running inside. It wasn’t a luxurious suite, but it was nice enough to make them feel like they were on top of the world. Seokjin dropped the bags and wrapped Taehyung up in a back hug. Taehyung turned to face him, and their lips met immediately as Seokjin pushed him back on the bed.



Taehyung wrapped his arms and legs around Seokjin as they came out of their clothes.



By the time they woke up the sun had set, Taehyung smiled looking up at Seokjin. He kissed under his chin while inhaling his scent. This was exactly how he pictured their trip, peaceful, relaxing and lots and lots of sex.



Seokjin stirred awake and captured his lips in a tender kiss. Taehyung felt like he was lying next to a different man. He wondered if he just needed a change of scenery.



“What do you wanna do next? Eat dinner?”



“We can eat dinner and there’s a lounge not too far away. We can get some drinks and go dancing.”



“Sounds like fun, let’s eat, I worked up an appetite.”



“Tell me about it.” Taehyung kissed his shoulder as Seokjin affectionately stroked his thigh.



After dinner, they took a shower together and ended up making love. Taehyung wrapped the towel around his waist and stared into his suitcase. He wanted Seokjin to keep looking at him the way he was. He pulled white cut up jeans along with a light blue shirt and a matching jean jacket. He changed into his clothes and applied a little makeup. He turned towards the door when he saw Seokjin staring at him.



“Wow, you look good. Why are you so dressed up?”



Taehyung smiled. “Because I wanted to make sure your eyes stay on me all night.” He pecked Seokjin’s lips.



“Of course, my eyes won’t leave you.” He gave Taehyung’s ass a squeeze making him giggle.



They got to the lounge, Taehyung smiled when he saw all types of couples having carefree fun. He held Seokjin’s hand and led him to the dance floor. He pressed his body up against his as they danced together. Seokjin pulled him close kissing his lips.



Taehyung swore he saw stars, he couldn’t wait to plan their next trip. This was exactly what they needed. He loved Jimin for giving him the idea.



“Are you thirsty baby?” Seokjin asked.



“For you.” Taehyung nipped Seokjin’s bottom lip making him chuckle. He stroked Taehyung’s ass.



“You can have me later, right now, let’s get a drink.”



“Ok.” They walked to the bar, Taehyung leaned against the bar waiting for the bartender to help them. They ordered their drinks and the bartender smiled at Taehyung.



“Wow, you’re really good looking.”



Taehyung chuckled and shook his head while looking down. “No, I’m really not.”



The bartender scoffed. “Don’t be so self-conscious. You gotta flaunt what you got.”



“Hey, can you get our drinks instead of standing here flirting!” Seokjin snapped stepping forward.



The bartender looked between them and a blush came to his face. He bowed his head. “I didn’t realize you two were together. I’m so sorry for being rude. Drinks on me.” He hurriedly got their drinks and walked away.



Taehyung looked at Seokjin saw his usual scowl. Taehyung pressed up against him kissing his neck.



“I love you.” He showered him with kisses. Seokjin slowly smiled.



“I love you too baby.”



“Let’s go back to dancing.” Taehyung took his hand leading him to the dance floor. Three guys approached them and the guy with the forest green hair tapped Taehyung’s shoulder. He looked confused seeing the guys he didn’t know.



“I just had to ask, where did you get your jacket? I love it!”



Taehyung looked down at his white jacket and smiled. “Oh! I got it the mall, the store is called Soul Finding.”



“Cool! I’m going to check out the store. I love your style!”



“Thanks.” Taehyung smiled.



“Why don’t you fuck off!” They turned around and Seokjin walked up to Taehyung while throwing back his drink.



“Excuse me.” The guy with the forest green hair snapped.



“You heard me punk! I said fuck off! Stop trying to find a reason to hit on my boyfriend.”



“Whoa, you got the wrong idea man. It’s not even like that. I just liked his style that’s all. I know you two are together. You need to chill out.”



Seokjin grabbed him by the collar. Taehyung grabbed Seokjin’s arm. “Babe, please don’t make a scene.”



The forest green haired guy’s friends jumped in trying to help their friend.



“Yo let him go you psycho bastard!”



“Dude let me go! You violent asshole!” He looked at Taehyung when Seokjin released him. “You need to seriously reconsider dating this freak.”



Before Taehyung could open his mouth Seokjin punched the guy in the face. People standing by began watching the commotion. The guy's other two friends tried defending him but Seokjin got the better of them. Taehyung cried out when all he saw was blood from the other guys. A bouncer made his way over to them and told them to stop fighting or get out.



Taehyung took a deep breath and stomped away.



“Taehyung!” Seokjin called out but Taehyung left out the lounge. His frustration rose when he stepped out into heavy rain. “Taehyung, slow down. What the fuck is your problem?!”



Taehyung whipped around glaring at Seokjin. “Go away!” He shouted. “You fucking ruin everything! What was the point of that?! What was so wrong with the guy asking where I got my jacket from?! Why did you have to do that?! You acted like I was going to leave with that guy and make out with him or some shit! I’m so fucking tired of your jealousy and your anger!”



“So what are you trying to say?”



“Just leave me alone!” he cried out and stomped back to the hotel.



As soon as he got in the room, he locked himself in the bathroom. Seokjin tried opening the door.



“Taehyung come out! You’re being unfair! You knew exactly what you were doing! You’re always wearing something that creates attention. Because you’re an attention whore! It’s obvious my attention isn’t enough for you! I become jealous and angry because of the things you do! You purposely trigger my jealousy! How is that fair to me?! You never care about my feelings in this situation! Your selfishness breaks my heart! I’m the one who has to sit here and watch others flirt with my boyfriend because he’s always seeking attention but I’m the bad guy here?!”



Taehyung opened the bathroom door and wiped the tears from his face as more tears fell. “That’s not true!”



“Look at the way you're dressed! How can you not be asking for attention?! You’re starting fights with me because you’re bored with me and looking for a way out!”



Taehyung began sobbing. “What do you want me to do? Do you want me to just wear hoodies and dark clothes?”



“You can do whatever you want. You already hurt me so why care what I want now.” Seokjin walked away from the bathroom and Taehyung lounge forward pulling Seokjin into a back hug as he buried his face in his back.



“I’m sorry Jin. I’m sorry. I love you so much. I’m sorry I keep messing up and keep hurting you. I promise to do better. I promise.”



Seokjin moved from Taehyung’s embrace. “You told me to go away and to leave you alone. Thanks for letting me know what you really feel.”



Taehyung gripped his shirt burying his face in Seokjin’s chest. “That’s not it! I didn’t mean it! I was just upset and spoke without thinking about your feelings. I was in the wrong, I didn’t have the right to be upset.” He leaned up and kissed Seokjin’s lips. “I won’t ever leave you. Please forgive me. I love you so much.”



Seokjin hugged him back and kissed his lips as they fell back on the bed.

 
 
Taehyung’s throat became tight as his breathing sharpened. He cradled his head in his hands. Every time he thought about everything, he still wondered how that whole event was his fault. But they didn’t fight anymore after that, they just stayed in the hotel room and ordered food. Much like they did while here. He finished his water and got back in the bed with Seokjin. He glanced at his sleeping back. He tossed and turned trying to sleep.
 
 
*May 2015*

Taehyung sat in the cafeteria listening to music while waiting for his next class. His phone buzzed and he looked down seeing Jimin was texting him.


Chimmy: Hey TaeTae, do you wanna go to the movies with Kookie and me?



Chimmy: Please come! It’s been forever since we've been out together! ☹



: What time is the movie?



Chimmy: We can go about 5 or 6 and then go out to eat.



: Cool! I’ll be there! 😊



Chimmy: Yay!!


His cell phone rang, and he saw his aunt calling

“Hey, auntie.”

“Hey, sweetheart! I miss you!”

“I’m sorry, I’ve been so busy.”

“I understand honey, you’re starting to get your own life now.” She giggled. “How was your trip?”

He forced a smile on his face and felt anxiety building in his body, but he managed to calm himself down. “It was really good! I almost didn’t want to leave.” That was a lie! He couldn’t wait to leave the hotel room.

“That’s good! I hope before you go on your next trip, I get to meet your boyfriend at least once.”

He let out a small laugh. “I promise you two will meet when the time is right. We’re just so busy.”

“I understand.”

It became silent between them before she spoke again. “Are you okay TaeTae?”

His throat tightened and he pushed his tears back. “I am, I promise I am. I’m just stressing about school and my studies.”

“You’re doing a great job Taehyung-ah, just know I’m proud of you and keep up your hard work.”

“I promise I will.” He looked at his phone when he got another call. “Oh auntie, can I call you back a little later?”

“Sure. I love you.”

“I love you too.” He clicked over. “Hey babe, did you just wake up?”

“I did.” Seokjin yawned. “I’m gonna go to the supermarket to get some food. What do you want me to cook for dinner?”

“Oh make something light tonight. I’m going to dinner and a movie with ChimChim and Gukie.”

“Oh? When did you plan this? You didn’t tell me.”

“Chimmy just text me and asked me.”

“That’s cool, have fun.”

“Thanks babe! Do you want me to bring you back some food?”

“Don’t worry about me, I know your money is low and you’ll barely be able to afford anything for yourself.”

Taehyung scoffed feeling a bit offended. “I can afford to pay for a meal for us.”

“Don’t do it, because you’ll end up crying to me that you don’t have any money for lunch during the week.”

“That was only one time I did that.”

“It was three times, but I’m not surprised you don’t remember, your memory is bad.”

Taehyung remained silent since he couldn’t remember if it was once or three times.

“Anyway, go have fun and you mind as well just stay at the dorm tonight.”

“You don’t want me to come to you straight after dinner?”

“Don’t worry about it, it makes no sense for you to drive that late anyway. Just go have fun.”

“Thanks babe.”

Seokjin hung up and Taehyung looked down at his notebook. He was certain that Seokjin was going to argue with him, but he was surprised he told him to have fun instead. He knew he wasn’t being emotionally abused after all. It was just in his head and the fact that he was very sensitive. He smiled softly feeling better.
 
 
Taehyung took a shower and looked through his closet for something to wear. He looked at his phone and saw Seokjin texting him.


Baby Angel: What time does the movie start?



: 6:15



Baby Angel: Where are you guys going to eat?



: At a bbq place that Gukie picked out



: Are you sure you don’t want anything?



Baby Angel: No



Baby Angel: Think about yourself



: I think about you more



Baby Angel: 😊 I don’t believe you but have fun ok?



: I will, I’ll see you tomorrow


Taehyung looked back in the closet and settled for a black t-shirt with a black hoodie and dark denim jeans.

Jimin walked into the room when Taehyung finished dressing. He tilted his head.

“You’re wearing that?”

“Yeah.” He replied.

“You’ve been wearing hoodies a lot lately.”

Taehyung looked down and shrugged. “It’s more comfortable.”

Jimin stared at him for a moment. “You’re not hiding any bruises, are you?”

“What?!” Taehyung laughed out. “Of course, I’m not! Jin may lose his temper but he’s never hit me.”

“I’m just making sure because you’re style of dressing changed so suddenly. So I got concerned for you.”

Taehyung looked down. “I don’t want a lot of attention.”

Jimin nodded while changing his clothes. “As long as you’re okay. I’ll murder Jin Hyung if he ever hits you.”

Taehyung chuckled. “Don’t worry, he won’t.”
 
 During dinner, Jimin held his hand up and ordered another round of beers for them. Jungkook turned the meat over. He looked at Taehyung who was staring at the meat.
“Hyung, are you okay?” Jungkook asked. Taehyung looked at him. “You look tired.”

“I was up late studying, you know finals are stressful.” He chuckled finishing the last bit of his beer. “I’m trying to get on the dean’s list this semester too.”

“Make sure not to overexert yourself TaeTae.” Jimin said.

“I promise I won’t.” He whispered pushing his hood off.

“Oh, so Yoongi and I are getting a place together,” Jungkook said getting their attention.

“You’re moving into Yoongi Hyung’s apartment?” Taehyung asked.

He shook his head no. “We’re going to get another place. He started working at a job and I’m looking for one right now.”

Taehyung forced a smile on his face. “Where does he work?”

“He’s working at a supermarket right now. It doesn’t pay much which is why I agreed to get a job.”

“With a combined salary you two can afford a small place,” Jimin said, he smiled at the waitress who dropped off their beers.

Jungkook nodded. “That’s what we want too, maybe even a studio. The meat is done.”

They dug in grabbing meat and began eating.

“Wait, do your parents know about Yoongi Hyung?” Taehyung asked.

“Yeah. Oh! You didn’t come home for the break and we didn’t get a chance to talk after that. But yeah, I brought Yoongi home and explained our relationship. Appa was a little thrown off but he told me he loved me no matter what. Eomma accepted him with open arms.”

“I’m happy your parents accepted your relationship.” Jimin smiled.

“Does your parents know about you and Namjoon Hyung?” Jungkook asked.

He nodded and laughed. “They found out cuz I slipped up and called him babe when he was over.” They laughed as Taehyung smiled. “Eomma was shocked but she was okay with it and Appa just started coming around, he invited us to go fishing with him this summer so I’m excited about that.”

“That’s good!” Jungkook smiled.

Taehyung stared at his food, his appetite was slowly waning. He wondered if his mother was alive if she would accept Seokjin.

“I would move in Joonie but he has this annoying habit of clipping his toenails without doing it over the garbage. I just saw red and nearly killed him.”

Jungkook covered his mouth bursting out laughing. “I usually fuss with Yoonie because he leaves the food out instead of putting it in the fridge. It’s such a waste.”

He looked between Jimin and Jungkook and laughed at how they argued with their boyfriends. He wondered why he couldn’t do the same. Arguments with Seokjin usually left him drained, bitter and a combination of angry and sad.

He shook his head. Everyone’s relationships were different and at the end of the day, their boyfriends didn’t have the serious problems that Seokjin did. He grabbed his beer and chugged it down, pushing away the thought.
 
 
They got back to the dorm and laid next to each other on Jimin’s bed. They talked until they fell asleep. Taehyung stirred awake when he heard Seokjin’s ringtone. He sat up and saw it was two in the morning.

“Hello.”

“So you’re not coming back here tonight?!” Seokjin immediately yelled.

Taehyung rubbed his face and untangled himself from Jimin and Jungkook. He walked over to his bed trying to keep his voice low.

“You told me to stay.”

“Why would I say that? We always cuddle before we go to sleep. There you go again, thinking about yourself and not putting my feelings into consideration. Did you really even go out with Jimin and Jungkook?”

“I did, Chimmy posted pictures on Twitter.”

“So why didn’t you come back then?”

Taehyung took a deep breath trying to hold back his tears. “I didn’t know you wanted me to come back.”

“Are you alright Tae? You’ve been absent minded a lot lately.”

The tears spilled down his face. “I’m sorry.” He wiped away his tears that were replaced by new ones as he cried softly. “I’m sorry.”

“Whatever, go back to sleep. I’ll just sleep alone.”

“No, I’m leaving now.”

“Don’t even fucking bother Tae, it’s already late.”

“Please Jin, let me come. I’ll leave right now. Please.”

“Do what you want, I don’t care.”

Taehyung slipped on his shoes and grabbed his keys. He wiped his tears. “Stay on the phone with me until I get to you.” He rushed out of the room.

Jimin rolled over and looked at Jungkook to see if he was sleeping. However, he heard him sniffling and hugged him tightly. He took a deep breath trying to fight back his own tears.

“We need to have an intervention with him.”

“I agree.” Jungkook cried.
 
 
Mood Song: Walk Away by Christina Aguilera

*June 2015*

Silence filled the room as they ate lunch together. Taehyung looked up when Seokjin sighed deeply.

“So you’re really going to your aunt’s?”

“Yes, I just want to stop by and say hi.”

“So why even come here?” Seokjin snapped.

“I can’t do both?”

Seokjin shook his head. “You just love playing with my head. Every time I think that we’re going to spend the day together. You always have something else to do.”

“That’s not true.”

“You went out with Jimin and Jungkook twice in May and once in June. Why can’t you remember anything?”

Taehyung’s bottom lip trembled. “I’m sorry.”

Seokjin took a sip of his beer. “That’s why you didn’t make the dean’s list this semester.”

He fought back the tears and took a deep breath ignoring what he said. “Why not just come with me?”

“I don’t want to.”

“Yoongi Hyung met my aunt and he managed to get a regular job.”

He jumped back when Seokjin threw everything off the coffee table. He slammed his fists on the table. “So, you don’t accept me for who I am?! You’re judging me! But look at yourself! You should think twice before trying to make someone else change!”

“That wasn’t my intention!”

“So what was your intention?! To guilt me into meeting your family?! To prove that Yoongi is better than me?!”

The tears Taehyung was fighting to hold back finally came out. “I don’t know.”

“That’s all you say lately. I don’t have time for this. I’m going for a walk.” He got up and slammed the door shut.

Taehyung hugged his knees trying his best to breath but ended up choking while sobbing. When did he become so pathetic and worthless? That was probably why his mother wasn’t here and his own boyfriend was always disappointed with him. He couldn’t do anything right.

It was getting harder to breathe, he picked his head up and saw a glass shard from a bowl next to him. He stared at it in his hand before pressing it against the skin of his forearm. It stung, it stung badly. He watched the blood ooze from the cut. No matter how much he cut or how deep he went, it didn’t stop the pain from inside him.

He went into the bathroom and cleaned the blood, he looked into the mirror and hardly recognized himself. He collapsed to the floor, sobbing out loud and hard.

It was over an hour before Seokjin walked back into the apartment. He saw Taehyung lying on the mattress staring at the wall. He laid next to him throwing his arm around him.

“I’m sorry Taehyung.” He cried into his back. “I need to change. I know I can change I just need you by my side. I need you to help me change. Please help me.”

Taehyung took Seokjin’s hand into his and gave him a comforting squeeze. He told himself to endure this a bit longer and Seokjin would change. He knew a change was coming soon.
 
 
Mood Song: Walk Away by Christina Aguilera

*July 2015*


Laughter filled the air as Taehyung, Seokjin and their friends sat by the ocean. He saw Seokjin showing them pictures from their last trip together. He spoke about how they had such a good time. Everyone was immersed with the pictures.



“It’s either now or never.”



A voice said to him. He got up as if his body was floating, he climbed up to the top of the platform. He tilted his head upwards and shut his eyes. The good times he had with Seokjin filled his memory. The laughs they shared, the flirts, the amazing sex. The chemistry between was explosive. But as fast the good memories came, the bad ones came even faster. They were stronger, more vivid and more suffocating. He heard his name being called. He looked down and gave a small smile. He turned back at the ocean.



“If you don’t do it now then you’ll be here forever. Stay with Jin or Jump.” 


The voice told him.



Without a second thought, he ran off the platform and everything became foggy. Before he could hit the water, his body was already underwater. He was swinging his limbs trying to get himself to the surface but his body forgot how to swim. He felt himself falling unconscious.



“I’m sorry.” 


He heard Seokjin’s voice and he turned around seeing nothing.

 
 
Taehyung bolted from his sleeping panting for air. The harder he gasped for air the more his lungs hurt. He stood up and stepped on the balcony. He sat down and closed his eyes. The sirens in the distance and cars driving by filled his ears. His body slowly began to calm. He grabbed a cigarette from the coffee table and sat back outside lighting it. He looked down at his arms that now had multiple healed cuts. He ran his fingers over them and sighed deeply closing his eyes.

Seokjin promised to change but he had yet to see any change. He ended up asking himself if he was going to be in an endless cycle of hope and hurt and when was he going to have enough and walk away. He put out the cigarette and gripped his head. His heart was empty. Was he wasting his time? Was this worth it? Would Seokjin ever change? How broken would he become before a change came? He pushed these thoughts away. His dream scared him most. Would this relationship end with him committing suicide? He shook his head and rushed into the room.

 He laid next to Seokjin and curled up to him. Seokjin wrapped his arms around him.

“What’s wrong?”

“Nothing, I just feel better when I’m in your arms.”

Seokjin tightened his grip around Taehyung and kissed his forehead. “I love you.” He whispered.

“I love you too,” Taehyung said as tears fell from his eyes. He gripped Seokjin so tightly as if his life depended on it.
 
 While Seokjin went out with Yoongi, Namjoon, and Hoseok. Jimin and Jungkook invited Taehyung to hang out with them. They went to a park to have lunch together. They paused when they saw Taehyung wearing a long sleeve black shirt and smoking a cigarette. He tossed the cigarette in the trash before walking towards the bench.
“Hyung, when did you start smoking?”

He shrugged. “Stress from school but I only do it every now and then.” He lowered his eyes because he knew he was lying. Since the summer began his smoking increased to three or more times a day, every day. “Why did you guys want to hang out so suddenly?” he asked changing the subject.

Jimin set food in front of him.

“Thanks.”

“No problem, we miss you that’s all TaeTae.” Jimin shrugged. “We haven’t seen you since that night we hung out.”

“We also miss hanging out with you,” Jungkook added.

Taehyung smiled softly, guilt filled his body. “I miss you guys too.” He whispered. “But I’m fine.”

“You look like you haven’t slept in days,” Jimin said.

Jungkook’s heart began racing. “Hyung, you’re not on drugs are you?!”

Taehyung let out a bitter laugh. “No, I’m not.” He snapped a bit. “I just have a lot of things on my mind.” He began picking at the food not having much of an appetite.

“Tae, I think Jin Hyung is being abusive towards,” Jimin said and Taehyung glared at him.

“I don’t have any bruises on me.”

“Emotional abuse cuts far deeper than physical abuse.”

Taehyung placed his chopsticks down. “You don’t even know our relationship. Where are you getting this from?”

“From the things I’ve seen or heard. That night when you were with us, I could hear him yelling.”

“He wasn’t yelling, he was talking loudly and that was my fault anyway. We had a miscommunication. So stop making things up!”

“There’s no need for you to get upset, just listen to what we’re trying to tell you.” Jimin snapped.

“Hyung, you’ve changed so much.” Jungkook’s voice cracked. “Please listen to us.”

Taehyung shook his head. “When you said you wanted to hang out I wasn’t expecting to get attacked.”

Jimin fought back his tears as he shook his head. “We’re not attacking you. We just love you and we want you to be how you used to be.”

Taehyung slammed his fists against the table startling them. “You are fucking attacking me! You’re telling me something about my relationship that you don’t know. Just because you have a scholar as a boyfriend doesn’t mean you’re any better than I am!”

“It’s not like that at all Taehyung!” Jimin said practically crying.

“I never asked you to butt in! You can think I’m a low life piece of shit all you want I don’t care! Jin and I are fine the way we are. No one is being abusive!”

“Hyung, please listen to us! You’re not alone and you don’t have to go through this alone. We’re here for you!” Jungkook pleaded with him wiping his tears away.

Taehyung looked down.

“You can do therapy and it can help you out a lot. We can go with you.”

Taehyung laughed out in disbelief and he looked at him. “So now you think I’m crazy and I need therapy. I thought you guys understood me more than anyone else but clearly, I was wrong. Only Jin gets me.” He saw both best friend and cousin crying but his anger got the best of him and he got up storming away. He heard their calls but he ignored them and got in the car slamming the door shut. He closed his eyes trying to get his bearings together, he lit a cigarette and drove off.
 
 
*Earlier that afternoon*

Seokjin sat with Yoongi, Namjoon, and Hoseok. They noticed he was silent as they ate their food.

“Jin,” Yoongi said making him look at him. "recently, I got a job at the supermarket if you want, I can get you in.”

He shook his head. “There’s no point, they won’t hire me.” He said.

“How do you know if you don’t try?” Hoseok asked.

“Because I know. I’m better off just working with my stepfather.”

“But the more you rely on him for money the more he has control over you,” Namjoon said. “You need to cut ties from him.”

“Easy for you to say. You have a good life.” He whispered.

The table became painfully silent and Yoongi sighed. “Well, I didn’t have a good life growing up. I grew up in the orphanage and thought I would never amount to anything, but I decided to take control of my life and destiny. You can do the same, you’re not alone.”

“Exactly.” Hoseok smiled. “You have friends who love you and you have a devoted boyfriend who loves you. Now all you need to do is love yourself.”

Seokjin stared at his food. “You guys are just with me because you pity me. Taehyung is only with me because I…” He paused and then sighed.

“Because you what?” Namjoon asked.

He shook his head. “Nothing.” His throat tightened. They looked at each other before looking back at Seokjin.

“You know Hyung, therapy is really good.” Hoseok said. “I recently started going and I feel so much better.”

Seokjin looked at him. “I’m not crazy, I don’t need therapy.”

“Just because you go to therapy doesn’t mean you’re crazy. It just means you need someone to help you sort things out.” Namjoon said. “That’s my major and you’ll be surprised at how many people actually need it.”

Seokjin waved his hand. “I’ll figure it out on my own.”

“But in the process of you 

figuring 

it out on your own. You’re hurting Taehyung.” Yoongi said and Hoseok and Namjoon looked down. Seokjin looked at him. “You’re dependent on him and putting all the baggage you have on top of his shoulders. How is that fair to him?”

“You don’t know what our relationship is like that.” Seokjin snapped.

“I don’t have to know everything, but I can look at him and get a pretty good idea. He looks so drained. And you’re hurting him because you don’t have any respect for yourself? You’re bringing him down with you. Do you wanna be an abuser? At this point, how are you any different from your stepfather or your mother who abused you for years?”

“Are you fucking kidding me? You’re comparing me to them? I have never put my hands on Taehyung! Not once!”

“You don’t have to hit him to be abusive!” Yoongi snapped. “Your mother didn’t need to use her hands to break you down. Just the shit she said to you was enough to hurt you. Why don’t you call your uncle and your cousin and get them to help you? Your cousin called me because he couldn’t get in touch with you and he was worried about you. Call him and get the help you need.”

Seokjin tossed his money on the table. “Fuck you and take all your words and shove them up your ass. I’m nothing like my mother or stepfather and it’s fucking low of you to go there but it’s fine. I don’t need you guys.”

“Jin Hyung please-” Hoseok began but Seokjin walked away.

Namjoon sighed. “Hyung, you went too far.”

“I know but I just got mad. Hopefully, Jimin and Jungkook got through to Taehyung.”

Namjoon looked at his phone. “No, he pulled a Jin Hyung and walked away from them.”

Hoseok sighed deeply, his heart ripped from his chest. “What do we do? Do we just watch them fall apart?”

Yoongi folded his arms. “Nothing is going to change unless one of them walk away. Jin Hyung tried to push Taehyung away at one point and maybe it’s my fault because I helped Taehyung.”

“It’s not your fault Hyung.” Hoseok told him. “Taehyung was determined to find him at the time. I’m sure they would’ve found a way to each other.”

Namjoon sighed. “We just have to do our best we can for them. We can’t help them if they don’t want the help. They both are in denial right now.”
 

 

When Taehyung arrived to Seokjin’s apartment he saw him outside arguing with some guy. He hopped out the car.

“You’re short! Give me the right amount!” Seokjin yelled at him.

“Fuck you, I gave you what was needed! Your product sucked anyway!”

Seokjin punched the guy in the face, when he fell to the ground Seokjin jumped on top of him punching him repeatedly. Taehyung shook when he saw the blood leaving the man. He grabbed Seokjin’s torso trying to pull him from the guy. He learned when Seokjin was in rage mode his strength doubled.

Onlookers just passed by but did nothing to help.

“Jin please! Let him go! Please stop before you kill him!”

Seokjin sighed deeply and saw the man battered and twitching underneath him. He grabbed the guy’s wallet and took the amount of money owed to him before throwing it at him.

Taehyung pushed him into the apartment building. Blood was all over Seokjin, it scared him because he knew it wasn’t his. He grabbed a washcloth and began cleaning the blood off him. Seokjin just sat there panting while staring at nothing.

He then turned to Taehyung. “Am I abusive towards you?”

Taehyung paused staring at him wide eyed, his mouth flapped open and shut nothing came out.

“Forget it.” He turned away.

“Y-Y-You’re not abusive towards me.” Taehyung whispered.

“Whatever,” He got up and went into the bathroom. Taehyung sat there in silence. He shut his eyes. He really didn’t know how to answer that. He thought about Jimin and Jungkook’s words before thinking about his psychology class. He shook his head and went outside on the balcony to smoke a cigarette. He watched as the battered man slowly pulled himself together and limped away.

For the rest of the evening, he kept quiet, knowing Seokjin was in bad mood. He didn’t want to trigger a confrontation. Whatever Seokjin wanted he catered to him.
 
 
*November 2015*

Taehyung walked from his last class.

“TaeTae.” He stopped turning around and smiled when he saw Hoseok. “Hey buddy.”

“Hi Hobi Hyung.”

“How are you? Are you doing good?” He rubbed his younger friend’s shoulder making him smile softly.

“I am, thanks.”

“I’ve noticed that you haven’t hung with Jungkook or Jimin lately.”

Taehyung looked down. “I’ve been busy.”

He nodded and sighed making Taehyung look at him. “The light in your eyes are gone.”

“Really? I haven’t noticed.” He looked down again.

“Listen, I’m not going to lecture you because I know you’re busy with school. But when you get the chance reach out to them. I know they miss you a lot.”

“Thanks Hyung, I will.” He forced a smile on his face. He bowed his head and began walking away. He looked up and saw Jimin, Jungkook, Namjoon and Yoongi standing together talking. His eyes met with Jimin’s and he ducked into the crowd blending in when he heard his name.

He got in his car and sighed deeply. His phone vibrated and he looked at it.


Chimmy: I really miss you TaeTae, I hope you’re doing ok. Just know I love you and always be here for you. Please talk to me when you can.


Taehyung bit his bottom lip, his action from their last talk left him feeling shameful. He didn’t have the courage to reach out. He tossed his phone in the passenger seat and drove off
.
 
 

Smoke blurred his vision. All he could do was helplessly watch everything burn, pictures of him and Seokjin. When he looked up he saw Seokjin standing there in the middle of the flames looking zoned out. His back hit the wall and he slid down to the floor. His bloody hands covered his face and he let out a scream.

 
 
Taehyung jumped out of his sleep and looked up when he heard a gasp. He saw Seokjin standing there looking startled. He placed his hand on his chest.

“You scared the shit out of me Tae. Are you ok?”

“I…um…” He shook his head while looking at Seokjin. His eyes widened when he saw him bloody and battered. Taehyung sprung out the bed and ran over to him cupping his face. “What the hell happened to you?”

“Normal shit, I just went home to get supplies and my mom pulled me in the shit between her and my stepfather. Me and him ended up fighting and because I was beating his ass. He got some of his underlings to jump me.” He gripped his fists. “I swear to god, one day I’ll set that fucking house on fire and kill that fucker.” He growled.

Flashes of Taehyung’s nightmare came to his mind and he shook his head. He grabbed the first aid kit and immediately began cleaning Seokjin’s wounds. He looked at him and saw his eyes were lifeless. He wished that Seokjin would let him in and tell him what he was feeling. Seokjin gave him a lot of physical intimacy but as far as emotional, there was a lack there. He knew asking him would just make him mad.

Tears swell in his eyes as he spoke. “You need to cut your family off.”

“If I do that, then there’s no money.”

“But-”

Seokjin looked at him and he swallowed his words shaking his head. He knew telling Seokjin to find a different job would trigger a fight.

“I just get sad seeing you like this.”

“I’ll be fine.”

Once Taehyung was done, Seokjin jumped in the shower as Taehyung cleaned up the mess. He grabbed a beer from the fridge and chugged it to calm himself down. That nightmare and the words Seokjin said scared him. He thought about the other dreams he had, he gripped the bottle. Was one of them going to come true?

He laid in the bed waiting for Seokjin, however, when Seokjin got in the bed he turned his back towards him and fell asleep. Taehyung sighed to himself and tossed and turned only to know this was going to be another sleepless night.
 
 
*February 2016*

Taehyung held the phone to his ear as his aunt spoke.

“Why don’t you come to the house sometime to visit? I loved that we had lunch last month, but you know your room misses you.”

“I know, I promise to visit Spring Break.”

“Yes, that’s perfect and also bring your boyfriend with you ok?”

“Yes, I’ll talk to him and see if he can arrange his schedule to come.”

“Great, take care and I love you honey.”

“I love you too.” He whispered before hanging up.

“Taehyung-ah.” He turned around and saw his guidance counselor as she rushed over to him. “Can we talk?”

“Sure.” He followed her into her office. She shut the door and sat at her desk as he sat down. She looked at her computer.

“Taehyung, you’re in danger of losing your scholarship.” She said and he looked down. “Is everything ok? Since the end of 2015 your grades hit the bottom badly.”

He shrugged. “Just stress.”

“I remember when we first in 2013.” He looked at her. “You were this bubbly teen filled with so many hopes and dreams. Do you feel the same at twenty-years-old?”

He ran his hand through his hair trying to keep his emotions together. “A lot has happened and I’m doing my best.” He lowered his eyes.

“Have you ever thought of therapy?” She asked crossing her legs.

He laughed out bitterly. “I’m not crazy.”

“Well, not seeing a therapist when going through something is even crazier.”

His eyes widened as he looked at her.

“Therapy is good and a lot of people should look more into it. I tell all my students they should try it out if they feel something is wrong.”

Tears formed in his eyes as his voice shook as his spoke. “I don’t think therapy will help me.”

She leaned towards him and their eyes met. “There’s a lot of pain in your eyes. Stay right here, I’ll be right back.”

“Where are you going?”

“My friend is a campus therapist, I want her to talk to you.”

“I-I-I’m not ready.” His insides began jumping around like crazy.

“Relax Taehyung-ah,” She said softly. “you’re not going to have a session with her. I just want you to talk to her and see how it makes you feel, you don’t have to go into anything deep. Think of this as a test run.”

He bit bottom lip and nodded.

“Ok, sit tight.” She walked out of the room. He took several breaths as his knee began bouncing. He was craving a cigarette so badly.

Two women entered the room and he looked at the short woman with shoulder length brown hair. She gave him a friendly smile.

“Hi Taehyung, I’m Seoyeon.” She held her hand out and he slowly shook it. They sat down.

“How do I know you won’t tell anyone what we talked about?”

She went into her binder and pulled out a piece of paper. “Would it make it feel easier to sign a doctor-patient confidentiality paper? This means that anything discussed can not leave this room.”

He slowly nodded.

“I can leave.” His guidance counselor said.

“No, I want you to stay.” He whispered since he was most familiar with her. She nodded and signed the paper as well. Once the paper was signed, Seoyeon slipped it into her binder. She then looked at the apprehensive young man before her.

“I don’t want you to think of this as therapy. Just think of this as us having an honest conversation, ok?” He nodded. “So, let’s start off with, how are you feeling?”

A bitter laugh escaped his lips. “I don’t feel anything. Lately, I’ve just been numb.”

“Ok, is it concerning to your grades? How are your grades?”

“Well during, freshman and sophomore year I was on the dean’s list but once I started my junior year my grades went down.” He admitted.

“Can you pinpoint why or when that happened?”

He shrugged. “I can’t concentrate. I can’t keep my mind on anything for a long period of time. I’m always anxious and nervous and I find myself trying to calm down more than anything.”

She nodded. “So you have anxiety, it seems.”

“I guess.” He shrugged again.

“Anything triggered this anxiety? Anything you can think of no matter how big or small it may be?”

“Not really.” He whispered.

“Any changes at home with your parents or siblings?”

He shook his head. “I never knew my father, but my mother passed away when I was a baby. I lived with my aunt and her family.”

“And things are good with her?”

“Yeah, she’s always treated me like her son, she raised my cousin and I to be basically brothers.”

She nodded. “Good, so you seem to have a good family support.”

His heart ached a bit as he nodded. “Yeah.”

“How about dating? Do you have a girlfriend?”

He swallowed hard. “I have a boyfriend.”

“Oh, I’m so sorry. That was wrong of me to assume your sexuality.”

He shook his head. “That’s society for you.”

“A norm that means to die out honestly.”

He looked at her in shock, he didn’t expect her to be so opened.

“How long have you been with your boyfriend?”

“March will make two years.”

“How is your relationship with him?”

He scoffed. “Draining.” He said without thinking, he then looked down wishing he could take it back. However, tears filled his eyes and he gripped his fists. “I keep thinking this relationship is emotionally abusive, but I have a tendency of over exaggerating things. So I don’t want to label it something bad when it’s not. Thank you.” He said when his guidance counselor gave him a tissue. He wiped his eyes trying to calm himself down.

“Why do you think it’s emotionally abusive?”

“I don’t know.” He shook his head.

“Let’s do a checklist then. Firstly, is there any physical abusive?”

“No.”

“Has your boyfriend ever thrown anything at you?”

“When he’s upset, he’ll throw things, but he’s never thrown anything at me.”

She nodded. “That still can fall under the line of abusive.”

He looked down.

“Has he ever threatened harm on you?”

“No.”

“Ok, does your boyfriend regularly demeans or disregards your opinions, ideas, suggestions or needs?”

“I don’t know.” Taehyung cried. “I can’t tell because I don’t say anything to him really. I don’t know.”

She nodded. “Let’s try another approach then. Let’s talk about your feelings. Do you sometimes feel scared of how your boyfriend will act?”

“Sometimes. As I said I don’t say much because I don’t want to set him off.”

“Do you believe that you can help your boyfriend change if only you changed something about yourself?”

“I’ve done my best to change myself to make him happy but nothing makes him happy. I’m always doing something wrong.”

“How is his jealousy? Do you feel like it’s over the top?”

“Yes.”

“Do you feel isolated from friends and family?”

He covered his face as he broke down crying. “Yes.” His guidance counselor handed him more tissues.

Seoyeon spoke softly. “Taehyung,” he looked at her. “those are red flags of an emotional abusive relationships and hearing this, your symptoms makes sense.”

The reality he was doing his best to hide, the reality that he snapped at his friends and family for pointing out, the reality that he didn’t want to hear burst the bubble he did his best staying in. Hearing the truth, he didn’t know how to handle it.

He did the only thing he knew how to do. He stood up. “I gotta go.”

“It’s hard to accept Taehyung-ah, denial is an abused victim trait. If you’re not ready to talk to a therapist, then at least turn to a trusted friend. Don’t go through this alone because it only will become worse for you.”

He just bowed his head and rushed out of the office. He pulled his hood on trying his best to cover his tear stained face. Her words replayed in his head and he broke down forgetting how to breathe. He felt a second away from a nervous breakdown.

“Taehyung.” He looked up and saw Jimin running up to him. “Are you ok?”

“No, I’m not. Jimin, I’m not ok.” He sobbed. Jimin hugged him tightly.

“You’re going to be ok. You’re not alone Taehyung. I’m here.” He rubbed his back. Once his sobs quieted down, Jimin took his hand. “Come with me.”
 
 
Taehyung followed Jimin into a small apartment.

“You got a place with Joon Hyung?” He whispered removing his shoes.

“I did.” Jimin handed him a pair of slippers.

“It’s nice, I’m happy for you.” He smiled at him and looked down at the calico cat that rubbed against his leg. He knelt down petting on the cat that purred.

“Thanks. Have a seat, make yourself at home.”

Taehyung looked down. “I don’t want to intrude.”

“Don’t worry about it. Joonie is at work, he won’t be home until late tonight. Have a seat.” Jimin patted the couch and Taehyung sat down, the cat curled up next to him as he pet it.

Jimin made him some green tea and sat down next to him. It was silent between them just the sounds of the household appliances buzzed in the background.

Taehyung let out a sigh. “I’m sorry.”

Jimin at him. “Huh? Why are you apologizing?”

“I snapped on you and Gukie for no reason.”

“No, we’re the ones who should apologize. We all became emotional that day and our approach was wrong. We definitely did attack you and didn’t consider your feelings.”

Tears fell from Taehyung’s eyes. “I’m sorry.”

Jimin removed Taehyung’s hoodie and stroked his head. “I’ll only accept your apology if accept mine first.”

“I do accept it.” He wiped his head and Jimin kissed the top of his head.

“I missed you so much TaeTae.” They shared a big hug.

“I can’t wrap myself around life anymore. I feel like I’m in constant slow mode while everyone else is going fast. I’ve lost myself.”

“Why do you say that?” Jimin asked.

He took a deep breath. “Loving Jin is taking a toll on me. I was just talking to my guidance counselor and a therapist before I ran into you. I messed up.” He sniffled wiping his eyes as Jimin rubbed his back. “You guys were right all this time. It’s emotionally abusive and honestly, it’s been in the back of my mind as well. That’s why I got angry when you guys said it because deep down inside, I knew it. However, now that the denial is ripped away, the reality feels so suffocating.”

Jimin nodded. “Whatever you want to talk about, I’ll listen. If you need to vent unleash on me.”

“It’s so much shit Jimin.”

“Then share it with me, so it’s not all on you.”

He sighed. “Everything probably started in 2014 when I asked Jin to meet my aunt and I started hanging out with Jae-Hwa and Bogum.”

“The fights you guys had at the party and in the parking lot, are they common?”

“Very common. It’s so common that I’ve become accustomed to them.”

Jimin got him some tissue and he wiped his eyes. He was so tired of crying but once he started telling Jimin everything, the tears didn’t stop. He opened about the arguments, the accusations and the constant jealousy. He felt horrible when Jimin broke down after he showed him the cut marks on his arms. He admitted that he used cigarettes and liquor as a way to cope with the pain.

“I’m sor-” His words cut off when Jimin embraced him into a bear hug.

“You’re so strong TaeTae.” He cried.

“Strong? I’m definitely weak.”

Jimin shook his head. “You dealt with all this alone and didn’t have a nervous breakdown. You’re strong.” He wiped Taehyung’s tears. “Don’t let anyone else tell you different. People always see victims as weak, but no victim is weak because no one can endure what you have and still continue with life.”

Taehyung looked down. “I can’t continue this Jimin.”

“I know.”

“But I don’t know what to do. I’m scared that if I leave Jin, he’s going to kill himself.”

Jimin tightened his grip on Taehyung’s hands. “There’s nothing you can do for him. He doesn’t want help. Joonie told me, that day when we went out to eat, they also took Jin Hyung out with them. They tried to do their own intervention with him. Yoongi Hyung offered to get him a job at the supermarket but he refused it. Jin Hyung doesn’t feel worthy of help. He’s broken, yes. Does he need love and support? Of course, but you can’t help someone who doesn’t want help. Think about us with you. Did you want our help then?”

Taehyung shook his head no.

“Right, it’s the same thing with Jin Hyung. You can love him all you want but he doesn’t love himself so you’re better off giving your love to the wall right now.”

“I don’t know what to do.” He cried. Jimin laid Taehyung’s head on his lap while rubbing his back.

“I don’t know what to tell you either. Maybe therapy will help you best right now.”

“I don’t know…” He whispered. “I’m so tired.”

“Rest, there’s no rush for you to leave. I’ll make some food.”

Taehyung slowly closed his eyes as Jimin continued stroking his head while humming.
 
 
The sound of Taehyung’s phone woke him from his sleep. He sat up and his body was achy. He looked down and his eyes widened when he saw Yoongi’s number

“Hello.” He answered.

“Tae, where are you? Are you with Jin now?”

“No, I’m actually with Jimin.” He said rubbing the sleep from his face.  “Why?”

“I don’t know what happened, but I drove past his mother’s house, I saw the police and ambulance there.”

“What? Have you been able to reach him?”

“No, I was going to head over to the apartment to see if he’s there.”

“I’ll be there as well.”

“Ok.”

Taehyung hung up and jumped up as Jimin came out of the kitchen. “What happened?”

“Something happened at Jin’s mom and stepfather’s home but Yoongi Hyung can’t get in touch with him. I need to go to our apartment.”

“I’ll take you and then you can get your car from the school.”

“Thanks Chimmy.” They rushed out of the apartment.

Taehyung got out the car and ran into the apartment with Jimin behind him. He opened the door and saw Yoongi and Seokjin sitting there.

“Why weren’t you answering your phone? Are you ok?” Taehyung asked and Seokjin sighed.

“Yeah, I’m fine.”

Taehyung saw bruises on Seokjin’s fists. “Were you fighting again?”

There was a loud knock on the door startling them. Seokjin sighed deeply and opened the door. The police stood there.

A police officer stepped forward. “Kim Seokjin?”

“Yes.”

“You are under the arrest for the murder of Lee Jung-Won,” he was read his rights as he was placed in handcuffs.

Taehyung cried out. “Jin, say it’s not true! Jin!” He sobbed but the older male remained silent as he was taken out the apartment.

Taehyung dropped to his knees screaming out, Jimin hugged him tightly. He could hear Yoongi and Jimin saying something to him, but everything became foggy before his eyesight became black.
 
 

*Mood Song: Broken by Leona Lewis*



Taehyung was in an open field where a single mattress laid, he flopped down on the mattress. The warm sun was beating down on his face. He kept his eyes shut as he swallowed the lump in his throat. Flashbacks of everything came flooding in his mind. When he first laid eyes on Seokjin, his first kiss, their first sexual encounter, the laughs and smiles they shared. He really felt like he found the perfect boyfriend. So when did everything change? When did everything become so toxic? And most of all, why couldn’t he do anything to change their fate?



He held his hand up to his face blocking out the sun. Suddenly he was in engulfed in water. No matter how fast he moved his limbs everything moved in slow motion. He couldn’t catch his breath, he couldn’t get his body to move. It was then he realized he was broken. There was no use fighting, something broken couldn’t function properly. Maybe death was better after all.



“Taehyung.” A voice called.



“Taehyung!” The voice was louder. Who was that?



“Taehyung!!”


His eyes snapped opened and he saw his aunt standing over him cupping his face as the nurses rushed in the room.

She stepped back and the began checking his vitals.

“His heart rate was increasing so rapidly at one point. Are you in distress?”

He didn’t answer, he just kept his eyes on his aunt, he wondered if he was dreaming.

As if reading his mind, she answered. “I’m here Taehyung-ah, hang in there.” She said stroking his head as tears fell from her eyes. Once he was stabled, the nurses left them in the room. He slowly sat up.

“What happened?”

“They think you had either a nervous breakdown or a panic attack. Jimin and Yoongi got you to the hospital.”

Everything came back to him, Seokjin being arrested for murdering his stepfather. He grabbed his face and began sobbing. She hugged him tightly.

“I don’t know what’s going on or what you’ve been going through. Just know you’re not alone Taehyung-ah, I’m here for you.”

He wrapped his arms around her holding her tightly. “I’m broken.” He sobbed. “I’m broken. I can’t deal with life anymore.”

She cupped his face. “Please don’t say that. You may feel broken right now, but I promise I’m going to get you fixed again. You’re my son and I’m not going to abandon you not now, not ever. We’ll take baby steps but we’ll get there. The question is, do you want the help?”

He stared into her eyes and nodded his head. “Help me please.”

She hugged him tightly while rubbing his back. “Of course baby, you’re going to be ok, I promise.”

“Eomma, is Hyung up?” Taehyung looked towards the door and Jungkook’s eyes widened. He then rushed over to them and hugged him tightly. “Hyung, I’m so glad you’re ok.” He cried. “I’m sorry I couldn’t be there for you.”

Taehyung hugged him. “It’s not your fault Guk-ah, it’s mine. I promise I won’t push you guys away again.”

“Please don’t, it hurts too much when I think about losing you.”

“I’m sorry.”
 
 
Seokjin walked out of the police station, he saw his uncle and Sandeul standing there. He covered his face sobbing. Sandeul hugged him.

“You’re going to be ok with us. No one is going to hurt you anymore Jin.”

“I need help.”

“I know, we’re going to take care of you, and you can put everything behind you now.”

His uncle hugged him and led him to the car. 

“Is there anything you want or need before leaving? Any friends you want to reach out to?”

Seokjin got in the backseat of the car and closed his eyes. 

“No, there's no one like that.”

Not saying goodbye hurt but he knew it was the for the best. He had to stay away from Taehyung. He nearly went into a panic attack when Yoongi told him Taehyung had a nervous breakdown after his arrest. He knew it from the beginning but now he was going to finally admit it. He was no good for him. He knew even saying sorry to him wouldn’t be enough. The best thing he could do was disappear and not tell anyone where he was. It was going to hurt but he couldn't love Taehyung the way he deserved and he couldn't give him what he wanted. One thing was undeniable he loved Taehyung with all his heart and because of that, he had to let him go.
 
Here's a video that goes with this chapter. Let me know your thoughts on the video and I may do more whether it's this story or future stories. 


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hImkm7a22v0

 
Also, Chat me on Twitter whether it's DM or CC. I like to chat even if you want to vent or cry to me about the story. I also sometimes upload Taejin text AUs 


https://twitter.com/taejin4eva

 



Chapter Twelve: Diary Entry
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






December 30, 2016



As fast as I could blink my eyes, he was gone.

 

This time not even Yoongi Hyung knew where he was. 

 

T


he only thing Yoongi Hyung knew was Jin was wrongfully accused of killing his stepfather by his mother. 

 

She was the real murderer. 

 

I never had a conversation with her, but I hoped she rotted in hell. 

 

She caused her son so much pain for no reason and even tried to have locked up for her crimes.

 

My stuff was delivered to my home, there was no address, it was like someone dropped it off. 

 

I


 always wondered if it was Jin, but I guess I would never know. 

 

His old phone number was disconnected, and I changed my number.

 

I left college that semester, I had several nervous breakdowns, at one point I got addicted to alcohol and usually drank until I threw up. 

 

My support system was strong, they helped him through everything. 

 

Going to therapy did wonders. 

 

Though I still had insomnia from time to time, medicine helped. 

 

T


he nightmares slowly faded. 

 

I still wasn’t as social as I used to be, but I was slowly coming out of my shell again. 

 

Most of the times I sat in my room staring at the wall, but my aunt pushed me to get out there.

 

I finally enrolled back in school fall of 2016 and got one of the apartments, I shared with my new roommate Hye-Jin. 

 

It took us a while to click but that strictly my fault because I was scared to get close to anyone, but he was a good person. 

 

We really became in October and he got me back out there. 

 

I went to parties every now and then but much like when I was younger, I didn’t touch any alcohol.

 

Jimin, Gukie and I made sure to hang out at least three to four times a week doing whatever we felt like. 

 

My mind occasionally went to Jin. I always wondered what he was doing, if he was still alive, was out there bettering himself or going further down the path of destruction.

 

A part of me was angry at how he just left when he owed me at least closure. 

 

But I guess it was for the best. 

 

One of us had to walk away from that toxic relationship. 

 

Wherever he was, whoever he was with I just hoped it was for the best.

 

Today is my birthday and everyone wants to go out and party but honestly, I don’t. 

 

I


 don’t have anything else in mind to do but thinking about my birthday just makes me depressed sometimes. 

 

Oh well, who knows what my birthday or 2017 may bring. We’ll see.





Chapter End Notes
End of Season 1: I'll post a new chapter in two weeks. This took A LOT out of me emotionally. I'll probably post a new ff in between. Anyway, see ya in season 2. Also, let me know if you would like a trailer for season 2. I love making videos skskskshshshshs


Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Notes
Here are on Season 2 of Into the Fire. I just want to thank everyone who has read this so far and waited so patiently for me to update. I will update as soon as I can. I have a lot of things going on irl but I will definitely see this to the end. This chapter isn't that long and is just an intro chapter. The others may be longer. Anyway here's Into the Fire season 2: The Redemption Period <3 TRIGGER WARNING: Suicidal Thoughts and Mentions of Suicide



Taehyung stared at the diary, the producing tears were burning his eyes. He wiped them away before they could fall. He knew if one fell that would start a waterfall and he really didn’t want to cry over Seokjin on his birthday or any day for that matter.There was a knock on his door and he looked up.“Come in.”Hyejin poked his head inside. “Hey TaeTae, do you wanna go out for your birthday.”Taehyung slowly closed his diary and shrugged his shoulders. “I’m not really in a big celebrating mood, to be honest.”Hyejin sat next to him. “Why not?”Taehyung hugged his knees. “I don’t really know, I just feel a bit sulky.”Hyejin nodded his head. “I understand, but you should still celebrate your birthday in some way. Hey, let’s invite Jiminie and Ggukie over. We have a big movie night with lots of food and snacks instead.”Taehyung nodded and gave a soft smile. “I like that idea better.”Hyejin removed Taehyung’s hood off his head and ruffled his now honey brown hair. “Thatta boy, I’ll call them over. What do you want to eat? It’s my treat.”“Panda express.” He looked at Hyejin with hopeful eyes.He puffed out his chest. “You got it.” He winked and walked out of the room.Taehyung flipped through his diary, he couldn’t believe how much he wrote in one day. He started at six this morning and it was now six in the evening. His hand started to feel the effect. He massaged his hand for a bit before flipping to a clean page.He titled it New Chapter of 2017. This year was going to be about positive things. 
 
*Time Skip, January 2018*
Taehyung bowed his head to the woman before him and walked out the building staring at his classes for the Spring Semester. His main goal was to get back on the dean’s list and graduate with top grades. He at least owed that to himself. He checked his bank account and headed to a restaurant. He pulled out his cell phone and sent Hyejin a text.
: Hye-ie, where are you? Do you wanna join me for lunch?

Hye-ie: I’m at the campus gym. Where are you at? I’ll join you.
Taehyung sent him the address and smiled when Hyejin told him he’ll be there in twenty minutes.He ordered a sprite and told the waitress he was waiting for someone to come. He went on twitter and scrolled on his timeline. He smiled looking at Jimin and Jungkook’s pictures. He was truly happy for them and their happiness.Even though he had to start over, he was grateful that his best friend and cousin found someone to make them happy and treat them the way they deserved. He placed his phone down and looked out the window.He knew one day he would find someone who would treat him with the love he deserved.He cleared his throat and took a sip of his soda feeling his throat getting a bit tight. Hyejin rushed inside and sat across from him.“Hey TaeTae, you ok?”“I have a little anxiety after picking my classes but other than that I’m ok.”“I see, hey there’s a new bar that opened recently. Do you wanna check it out?”Taehyung looked down at his hands. “I’m not really in the partying mood. Sorry.” He whispered.Hyejin reached over and pushed Taehyung’s hood off. “I keep telling you to stop hiding your face behind your hood. Show the world your bright smile. Someone deserves to have their day brightened by such a smile.”Taehyung laughed out, his cheeks became hot. “Stop it.”“I’m just telling the truth. Also, don’t apologize, we can go whenever you feel like it, there’s no rush.”“Thanks.” Taehyung placed his hand over his and Hyejin gripped his hand softly. 
 Later that night Taehyung went to Jimin’s place to have dinner with him and Jungkook. Taehyung set the table as Jimin and Jungkook placed the food down. They sat down to eat as Jimin opened a bottle of wine.“So Tae, what’s going on between you and Hyejinnie?” Jimin asked while pouring Taehyung a glass of wine.He rolled his eyes while shaking his head. “We’re just friends/roommates.”Jungkook pointed his chopsticks at him. “I think Hyejin has a thing for you.”“No, he doesn’t, he treats us all the same.” He took a sip of his wine.“Only someone with eyes can see how that’s not true. He has feelings for you.”Taehyung looked down at his plate, feeling his heart pounding and his breathing becoming sharp. He cleared his throat trying to get some of the uncomfortable jitteriness from his body. “All we can be is friends…” He sipped his wine hoping it would die down his building anxiety. “I’m not looking for a relationship right now.”Jungkook frowned and rubbed Taehyung’s back. “I’m sorry Hyung, we were just poking fun. Your anxiety isn’t starting up is it?”“Sorry TaeTae.” Jimin also rubbed his back.Tears spilled from Taehyung’s eyes as he dropped his head and shoulders. “I just ...I’m sorry.” He covered his face sobbing.Jimin got up and hugged him tightly. “We’re really sorry, we didn’t mean to upset you.”He shook his head and Jungkook used a napkin to wipe his eyes.“You guys didn’t upset me. It has nothing to do with you two honestly. It’s myself.”Jimin rubbed his head. “How’s therapy going?”“It’s going good, I just still have a long way to go.” He wiped his eyes with the napkin.“Hyung, you know if you ever need us we’ll be there no matter what,” Jungkook told him.Taehyung nodded his head. “I know and I thank you. I’m truly grateful for you two being there for me even when I didn’t deserve it.”“Shut up, don’t make us emo right now. Eat up.” Jimin picked up Taehyung’s chopsticks and stuffed food in his mouth making them laugh out. 
 
*Mood Song: Better in Time by Leona Lewis*
When Taehyung got home, he took a shower and got in bed. He laid there staring at the ceiling. He closed his eyes and began to count hoping that would make him fall asleep. It didn’t hit all the time but every now and then those sleepless nights crept up on him. He rolled on his side and opened his nightstand drawer. He pulled out a thin box and pulled the thin silver bracelet from the bubble wrap. He tried so many times to throw it out but he could never bring himself to do it. It reminded him that there was still a heart in Seokjin, that all their bad times wasn’t fueled by evil and malice. It was simple, a broken person just couldn’t love anyone properly. He stared at the bracelet remembering a conversation between him and Seokjin back in 2014.
ooooooooo

*Mood Song: Better in Time by Leona Lewis*

*April 2014*

Taehyung laid with his head on Seokjin’s chest as Seokjin stroked the small of his back. He looked up at the older male and kissed his collar bone.

“I never expected our first time to be so intense and powerful.”

“I may have been with different guys but with you, I feel something so different. You make my heart so calm and peaceful. I genuinely feel happy in your presence.”

Taehyung took his hand and their eyes met. “I know we just started dating but I really feel a connection with you.”

Seokjin cupped his chin and kissed his lips. “That’s because destiny brought us together. We’re tied by the red thread of fate.”

Taehyung giggled softly. “So does that mean we’ll be together forever?”

“I’m more than positive you’re the one for me.”

Taehyung climbed on top of him and they held each other tightly as their tongues fought for dominance.
 
 
*Mood Song: Better in Time by Leona Lewis*
Taehyung gripped the bracelet in his trembling hand. Tears poured from his eyes. How could they both have been so naive? Why couldn’t love just as simple as their dreams? He rolled on his other side remembering his talk with his therapist.
ooooooooo

*Mood Song: Better in Time by Leona Lewis*

He sat in her office tears pouring from his eyes.

“Maybe we never loved each other,” he said between sobs. “Maybe everything we thought love was, it wasn’t, we were both living a lie. Or maybe I was the one living the lie and he never loved me.”

“I don’t think that was the case Taehyung-ah,” she said and he looked at her as he wiped his eyes. “Most abusers only look out for themselves and satisfy their needs only. Had he never loved you, he would have never walked away. He probably walked away from you the way he did because he knew at the end of the day you wouldn’t let go. You became dependent and so did he. Someone had to break the cycle and he probably knew you weren’t strong enough to.”

Taehyung gripped the tissue in his hand. “Was it love?”

“Yes, without a doubt I believe you both loved each other deeply.”

“If we loved each other then why aren’t we together? Why couldn’t we make it work? Why couldn’t I save him and why wouldn’t he let me save him?”

“Taehyung-ah,” he looked at her. “Just because two people love each other, doesn’t always mean they are meant to be with one another. If you two were ever to pick up your relationship, you both would need intense counseling in order not to fall back into this pattern again.”

He let out a small sob. “Were we ever meant to be?”

“I can’t answer that but from how damaging and toxic the relationship was, it’s best to be apart.” 
 
 
*Mood Song: Better in Time by Leona Lewis*
He released the bracelet and sat up covering his mouth so he didn’t sob too loudly. Flashbacks of the good and bad sped through his mind. He never thought he could love and hate someone so much at the same time.Before he knew it he was hyperventilating, trying to grasp for air that his lungs wouldn’t accept.The door opened and Hyejin rushed inside, he immediately wrapped his arms around Taehung. He rubbed his back.“You’re ok TaeTae, it’s ok, you can breathe. Take small breaths at a time. You’re going to be alright. You’re not alone.”Taehyung’s body slowly began to relax and air started to fill his lungs. He covered his face.“I’m sorry.”Hyejin stroked his head and gently kissed the top of his head. “Don’t apologize honey, I’ll always be here for you.”Taehyung gripped Hyejin’s hand. “C-Can you stay with me?”“Of course.” They laid back in the bed, Taehyung shoved the bracelet in his nightstand drawer. He laid his head on Hyejin’s chest, listening to his heartbeat made him calmer. As much as he loved Seokjin and as much as his heart tried holding it on. It was time to let him go. They both were on different paths now. He just hoped wherever Seokjin was he was at least happy. 
  The next morning Taehyung woke up to the smell of something burning. He jumped out the bed and ran out of his room only to see a bunch of smoke. Hyejin ran from the kitchen opening all the windows.“What the hell happened?” Taehyung couldn’t hold back his laughter.Hyejin sighed deeply running his hand through his black hair. “I was trying to surprise you by making breakfast but I ended up burning the eggs and the toast.”Taehyung laughed out. “How did you manage that?”He groaned throwing the burnt eggs in the trash. “I wish I knew. I thought I had it under control.” Taehyung laughed out and walked over to him. “I don’t know who's worse between us.”Hyejin poked him between the eyebrows. “Hey, at least I can boil water.”Taehyung scoffed pretending to be offended. “Yah! That was only one time!”“One time too many.” Hyejin teased and Taehyung stuck his tongue out at him. “Well breakfast is ruined.” He sighed.Taehyung looked at the time. “It’s still early, I’ll call my aunt and see if she has extra food.”Hyejin’s eyes lit up. “Ah yes, please! I love your aunt’s cooking! It’s the best!”Taehyung smiled softly. “I know my aunt always enjoys your company, I’ll go call her.” 
 When they arrived at his aunt’s house, they saw Jungkook and Yoongi were there having breakfast as well.After breakfast, she asked Taehyung to help her in the kitchen. They began cleaning the dishes together.“How’s it going between you and Hyejin?”“Huh?” He looked at her.She giggled. “I just noticed something different between you two. So I was wondering if anything changed with you guys.”“We’re just friends.” He replied.She smiled. “You seem a bit closer than friends.”Taehyung nodded a bit. “Well, Hye-ie is a strong emotional support for me when I need someone and I appreciate him for that.”“Hyejin definitely has feelings for you.”He shook his head. “We’re just friends,” he whispered.“That’s how I saw Ggukie’s father.” She giggled as Taehyung looked at her. “I’ve known him since childhood and I’ve always ignored him. I was always dating other guys and gosh were they bad decisions.” She shook her head. “One day your mother told me to stop looking everywhere for love and see what’s in front of me. It took me a while to admit that I had feelings for him but once I did we became inseparable.”He gripped his hands. “But I don’t think I’m ready to look for love yet.”“Take your time, there’s no rush but I will say, let it happen naturally and don’t stop it once it happens.”He nodded and smiled softly. “I promise.”
 After leaving his job Taehyung walked into the apartment, he kicked off his shoes and plopped on the couch. His legs bounced as he counted trying to calm down. Hyejin walked out of his room and grabbed a water from the fridge.“TaeTae, you're home early. What happened?”“I quit my job.” He sat up and rubbed his head. “Don’t worry, I promise to find another one asap.”“Don’t worry about it,” Hyejin sat down next to him. “What happened?”“My boss was being a dick. He kept belittling me and I just snapped when he asked me why I couldn’t do anything right.” He shook his head. “I took shit like that from my ex I refuse to let anyone else talk to me like that again.”“Good for you.” He gave Taehyung the water bottle and grabbed another one. “No one should talk to anyone like that.”“I agree. It just sucks because I was hoping to work overtime and get some extra money, now I gotta job hunt again.”“My uncle opened a restaurant not too long ago. I know he’s still looking for workers, want me to talk to him?”Taehyung looked at him. “Ah, can you please?”“Sure. I’ll give him a call tomorrow.”Taehyung bowed to him. “Thank you so much.”“Don’t mention it.” He smiled as they stared at each other. “We should go out tomorrow if you feel up to it.”It was always amazed him at how supportive and caring Hyejin was for him. Hyejin was someone who was slowly making Taehyung remember how he used to be. He was always s quick to say they were just friends but he really wondered if he felt that or that was just him trying to protect his heart. Maybe it was both.He gripped the water bottle. “Where do you wanna go?”“Wanna try that bar or is it still too soon?”Taehyung shook his head. “I want to go. Let’s go there then.”He nodded. “I’ll text Jiminie and Ggukie and see if they want to come with us.”“That’s ok, I think the two of us should just go.”Hyejin looked at him with widened eyes, his cheeks became a light shade of red. “A-A-Are you sure?”Taehyung nodded and took his hand. “My heart is still very fragile but I want to take things slow with you and see where it leads.”Hyejin cleared his throat as his cheeks became a deeper shade of red. “Yes, of course, either way, I’m happy to be a part of your life.”Taehyung smiled at him. “I’m happy that you’re apart of my life as well.” 
 The following night, Taehyung got dressed, in a white button up and ripped black jeans. He had to really dig deep in his closet to find these clothes. He stood in the bathroom flat-ironing his hair. He applied a little makeup to his face and stood back staring at himself.He shook, not being able to remember the last time he dressed up but his gut kept telling him to just go with it. He walked out of the bathroom as Hyejin came out of his room fully dressed.“Am I overdressed?” he asked lowering his eyes.“What? No way! You look hot!”Taehyung looked at him.“The guys are gonna be all over you.”“I hope you’ll protect me.” he joked making Hyejin blush.He laughed. “Don’t worry I won’t let anyone who you don’t want near you. Drinks are on me tonight.”“Next time we go out, I’ll pay.”“I’ll hold you to that.”They headed out and went to the bar called Spinning Lime. The place was extremely crowded. Indie Rock played from the speakers and the overall atmosphere was chilled.They went up to the bar and Taehyung stared at the mixed crowd of people. He heard Hyejin ordering two shots for them. He turned around to Hyejin and caught sight of a tall lean blonde walking to the other side of the bar.Taehyung poked Hyejin’s cheek. “What’s wrong? Seen a ghost?”He shook his head. “No, it’s that. That blonde bartender was freaking hot, I wasn’t ready.”Taehyung tilted his head. “Hotter than me?” he teased.“Stop it, not even the sun is hotter than you.”“Oh my god!” Taehyung laughed out. “Is that your best pick up line?”“Yah, leave me alone! It’s been a while since I flirted with someone.” They laughed out. The bartender returned with their drinks and Taehyung looked up at this so-called hot bartender. His eyes widened when he saw it was Seokjin.A beach blonde Seokjin, he was stunned at how well that hair color fit him. The light pink button up he had on just emphasized how good it looked. He seemed to have gained some weight and his shoulders seemed wider. He definitely wasn't looking at the same guy who was in his early twenties. He looked more manly.Seokjin’s face went pale, he cleared his throat not losing his composure.“Is there anything else I can get you?” He asked focusing solely on Hyejin.“No, not right now.” Hyejin handed him the money.“Ok, enjoy.” Seokjin quickly moved from the area and disappeared into the back.Taehyung threw his shot back, wishing the burn of the alcohol could over the sickness he felt in his stomach.“I’ll be right back Hye-ie, I’m going out for a smoke,”“Ok, I’ll be right here at the bar.”Taehyung nodded and slipped outside. He ignored the cold as he lit a cigarette. He was shaking but he kept his composure. He didn’t know if he wanted to punch the wall or throw up everything he ate today.“Excuse me, do you have a lighter?”Taehyung turned around and Seokjin looked taken aback when he saw Taehyung. He just lowered his eyes and Taehyung handed him a lighter.“Thanks,” he whispered and lit his cigarette. He gave Taehyung back his lighter careful not to touch his hand.Heavy silence and tension filled the air around them.“Why didn’t you quit smoking?” He heard Seokjin and looked at him. The blonde was staring at him.He let out a scoffed. “I can ask you the same thing.” he retorted.“I only smoke when I’m stressed or feel anxiety.”“It’s the same for me,” he whispered.It went silent again. Taehyung took a deep breath and turned to him. “Why did you leave?”Seokjin shook his head. “Taehyung, let's not-”“You owe me an explanation.”“I don’t owe you anything.”“Yes, you do!” He shouted.Seokjin looked down and took a deep breath trying to calm himself down. “It was too toxic.” He looked at the younger male. “I was bringing you down into hell with me and it wasn’t fair to you.”“What are you saying? That’s not true.” Taehyung felt ashamed when that left his mouth.Seokjin looked away from him and took a drag of his cigarette. “You can’t even admit that our relationship was toxic and abusive. I had to leave.”Taehyung bit his bottom lip turning away from him.“It killed me how I sucked the life from you. I was afraid that things were going to spiral out of my control and I end up hitting you or something.”Taehyung looked at him. “Would you have?”“I don’t know.” He shrugged and looked at him. “Emotional and mental abuse starts off verbal but it can easily lead to physical. Trust me I’ve seen it with my own eyes. I would’ve killed myself if I ever hit you. It had to end between us.”Taehyung wiped his eyes and choked back a sob, all those old wounds just burst open. “Was there ever love between us?”Seokjin turned away from him and blinked his tears away. “We were so in love that they were blinded and became too dependent on one another. It was all my fault, I take full blame for everything.”Taehyung turned to him. “So what now? We’re just supposed to act like we never knew each other?”“It’s for the best. I think we’re better off away from each other.” He put out his cigarette. “I won’t stop you from coming to the bar. I work every other Saturday so it will be best if you come on the Saturdays I don’t work. Take care of yourself.” He walked inside.Taehyung put his cigarette out and covered his face breaking down. He rushed into the bathroom to calm himself down. He splashed water on his face and told himself to get a grip. He dried his eyes and returned to Hyejin who looked at him.“Hey, are you ok? You were gone for a while.”“I had two cigarettes then I had to pee like really bad.” He ran his hand through his hair. “Anyway, let’s drink up.”“Sounds good to me,” Hyejin ordered some more drinks for them.Taehyung did his best to keep his eyes off Seokjin but they kept following the blonde who was purposely glued to the other side of the bar. His heart ached when he saw Seokjin laughing and smiling in a way he had never seen. The other bartenders and customers flocked to him and hung on to every animated word he spoke.Taehyung threw back his last drink and turned to Hyejin. “Can we go now?”“Ok, yeah let’s go.”He glanced back at Seokjin one last time knowing this was going to be the last time they saw each other. Seokjin turned and they made eye contact. Seokjin immediately looked away turning to a customer with a bright smile. Taehyung rushed out the bar with Hyejin behind him. 
 As they walked into the apartment Hyejin kicked his shoes off.“So I’m gonna attempt to make breakfast tomorrow. I promise not to burn the food this time.” He laughed. Taehyung turned to him and walked over to him. “But just in case I’ll have a backup prepared for us.” He froze when Taehyung kissed his lips. Hyejin stepped back staring at Taehyung in shock.“TaeTae, I thought you wanted to take things slow.”“I did...I mean I do, it’s just I’m just really hot and bothered right now and I want you.”“Are you sure Taehyung? I don’t want to take advantage.”Taehyung wrapped his arms around Hyejin’s neck. “You would never take advantage. You have been nothing but supportive and I need that. I want you Hye-ie, please?” He pecked his lips.Hyejin held Taehyung close and they fell back on the couch their tongues caressing and their hands exploring. 
 Seokjin plopped on his bed. He sighed deeply burying his head into the pillow. He felt angry with himself all over again seeing how easily Taehyung cried. Why did it have to be like this? As much as he wanted to pull Taehyung to him and hug him crying and promising to be everything he wanted and more. He knew in this harsh reality it couldn’t be that way.He went into his nightstand drawer and pulled out his old cell phone. His old phone that kept all the memories both good and bad. He went to the gallery and looked at the pictures they took together. Tears formed in his eyes, the bright smile that Taehyung once had, he stole that. He stripped that smile down until it was dull and lifeless. He felt sick with himself. It killed him, even more, when he saw Taehyung still hadn’t retrieve that smile back.He sat back on his bed and covered his eyes. His therapist told him time and time again he had to learn how to forgive himself. But how could he forgive himself when his ex-boyfriend still looked so hurt and so tired? Sometimes he felt it was easier to just end it all, so he wouldn’t have to feel the hurt and pain. But his cowardly ass could never do such a thing.He wiped his tears away and curled into a fetal position staring at a picture he and Taehyung took when Taehyung still had a bright smile. At least he wouldn’t see him anymore after this. He made his point clearing Taehyung they had to stay away from each other. As much as he loved-love him, he couldn’t bear them returning back into the same situation. They were better off away from one another. 
 The next morning Taehyung woke up in Hyejin’s bed. He stared at the ceiling blankly. He was intoxicated last night but not enough where he didn’t know what took place. He glanced Hyejin who was sleeping peacefully.“Fuck.” He cursed himself and went into the bathroom. He turned on the shower and called Jimin.“Hey TaeTae, what’s up?”Taehyung took a deep breath trying to remain calm. “Are you home?”“Yeah, I was just getting ready to make breakfast why?”“Can I come over please?” He did his best to sound normal but once his voice cracked the tears came.“Taehyung are you aright? What the hell happened? You know what, never mind, just come and we’ll talk here.”“Ok, I’m gonna take a shower and I’ll be to you.”“Are you ok to drive? Do you want me to pick you up?”“No, no, it’s fine. I can drive, the drive may help me.”“Ok, how long will it take you?”“Give me forty minutes.”“Ok, I’m gonna check on you in twenty.”“Ok,” he whispered and hung up. He stripped his clothes and got in the shower. He covered his mouth trying to hold back his sobs.He never hated himself so much. The guilt of what he did to Hyejin was eating him up, he didn’t even know if he could face him again. He wanted to blame it on Seokjin but he knew he couldn’t. This was an impulsive, irrational decision he made and now he had to lie in his bed.If just seeing Seokjin made him this emotional then Seokjin was right. It was best to stay away from each other. He wasn’t going to go to that bar anymore



Chapter Fourteen



Jimin opened the door and Taehyung walked inside. He slid on the slippers Jimin had waiting for him.“Are you ok? Come, come eat.”Taehyung sat at the table and chugged his glass of water.“Chim, I fucked up. I fucked up bad.”“What do you mean? What happened?”“I slept with Hyejin last night.” He slapped his forehead as Jimin tilted his head.“Wait, I thought you were just friends?”“I had a very weak moment Chim, it was stupid, thoughtless and reckless.”“Did you talk to him this morning?”“He was sleep so I just showered and left.”Jimin took a sip of his coffee. “Seeing as you're torn about this, something must've triggered you and made you react in a reckless manner. So what happened?”Taehyung shut his eyes. “I saw Jin.”“What?!” His eyes widened. “Where?”“At a bar he was working at. He's blonde now.”“Did you guys talk?” He asked softly.“More like we both got super emotional and Jin told me we should act like we don't know each other. I just…” he teared up.“So you slept with Hyejin instead of dealing with your feelings?”“I would've cried myself to sleep or drank until I passed out and I didn't want to do either.”“So instead you chose to complicate your friendship with Hyejin?”He sighed running his hand through his hair. “I get it Chim.”“You don't get it. And if you reacted like that  to Jin Hyung you need to stay away and act like you don't know each other.”“I didn't mean to react like that but you need to understand Chim, we were together for two years and then he just leaves without saying a word to me. I need closure.” Tears fell from his eyes.Jimin handed him a napkin. “Forget about the closure. I know it's easier said than done but look at you. You fell apart just from seeing him. I don't think you need closure. You both are no good for each other.”Taehyung let out a bitter laugh. “Imagine loving Joon Hyung the way you do and someone telling you, you don't need closure and you need to stay away from him.”Jimin looked down for a moment. “I'm sorry TaeTae if I'm coming off harsh that's not my intention. I just care about your well being and I've seen where you came from. I don't ever want you to go back to that again. You were so broken, every day I was scared your aunt or Kook was going to call me and tell you weren't with us anymore.” Jimin choked out a sob and quickly wiped his tears. “I understand your wounds are still fresh with Jin Hyung but look at your reaction. You're still vulnerable.”Taehyung looked down and nodded while wiping his eyes. “You're right, I need to stay away from him and act like he never existed.”“I don't think you should go that far-”“It's the only way I can cope.” He sobbed. Jimin walked over to him and hugged him tightly. “Fuck, why I still love him? Why? I hate this!”Jimin tightened his embrace on Taehyung. “You're not alone TaeTae. I'm always here for you.”“I know, thank you Chim.”______________After eating Taehyung walked into his apartment. He saw Hyejin sitting on the couch watching TV. Their eyes met and Taehyung kicked his shoes off. He walked over to Hyejin and sat down.“I'm sorry.” He bowed his head. Hyejin sat up.“Why are you apologizing? I'm the one who should be sorry.”“You have no reason to be sorry.”“No. I do. We both were kinda tipsy and I feel like I took advantage of you.”“No, you didn't.” Taehyung grabbed his hand. “It was me who took advantage. I was in an emotional state and I pushed the situation so it was my fault.”Hyejin ran his hand through Taehyung's hair. “Taehyung, I have feelings for you.” Taehyung swallowed hard. “I was happy when you wanted to make things physical between us but I was planning on telling you that we should slow down and take it slow as we said before.”Taehyung looked down and nodded. “I agree, you're a great lover though.”Hyejin chuckled. “The chemistry was there and it'll be there later when we reach that point again.”Taehyung hugged him tightly. “Thank you Hyejin, you're too good to me.”Hyejin kissed the top of his head. “You deserve the world.”Taehyung smiled softly. “So my uncle wants you in for an interview on Thursday.”“Oh my God really?! What time?” He couldn't contain his smile.“10am.”“I'll def be there! Thank you so much!” He threw his arms around Hyejin making them fall over on the couch.“There you go pouncing on me again.”He laughed out. “Shut up!” He looked down at Hyejin and pecked his lips. Hyejin wrapped his arms around Taehyung and deepened the kiss between them._____________

*1997*


Seokjin walked out of the room and saw his mom lying on the couch sleeping. He saw the countless empty beer bottles on the coffee table. He was hungry but didn’t want to wake her. His mother always got angry when he needed her, she complained that he was five and should be able to be more independent.

He walked to the fridge and saw nothing but beer. He stood back and saw cereal on top of the fridge. He pulled the chair towards the counter and climbed up on the counter. Standing on his tiptoes he did his best reaching for the box. He gasped when the glass ashy tray fell to the floor shattering.

His mother startled awake. “What was that?” He climbed down from the counter and stood on the chair when she wobbled to the kitchen.

“I’m sorry Eomma, I was hungry and wanted some cereal, I didn’t mean to-”

“Are you fucking me kidding me?! Why can’t you ever do anything right?! You’re always causing trouble!”

“I’m sorry Eomma.” He pouted.

She slapped him across the face and he sat down on the chair cradling his face. “I’m at my wits end Jin, I’m doing my best to provide for us but you’re making it hard. I always have to do for you. You’re five years old, why can’t you do for yourself!” She snapped as she cleaned up the glass.

“I’m sorry Eomma, I was hungry.” He whispered.

She threw the dust pan at him making him cradle his head. “You eat too much! You’re always eating! I can’t afford to keep up with your appetite learn to cut back some!”

“I’m sorry.”

“Get out of my face!”

He got off the chair and the chair tipped over hitting the floor. His mother glared at him and grabbed him by the hair shoving him out the kitchen.

“You're so fucking annoying, you're worthless like your no good father!”

Tears filled his eyes. “I'm sorry.”

“You are sorry you piece of shit! I never asked to have a child! I never asked to have to raise a child! I hate you! You ruined my life!!”

------------

Seokjin gripped the tissue in his hand. “I was abusive to him. I was disgusting to him all he wanted to do was love me and wanted my love in return and I became the very person I grew up despising.” Tears formed in his eyes. “I was so insecure about myself that I made him give up many things important to him in order to prove that he really loved me and he did it. He fucking did it.” He dropped his head sobbing. “Why would he do those things? No one has ever gone out their way to even care about my happiness or my wants but he did.” He wiped his eyes. “Why didn't he just leave me?”

“He did it because he loved you.”

“No, no one has loved me.”

“A lot of ppl love you Jin but because you don't know how to love yourself you can't see it.”

“How can I love myself? I grew up hearing how I was a piece of shit and how I ruined my mother's life.”

“But you know that isn't true.”

“Is it not true? How can I not be a piece of shit? Look what I did to my boyfriend. Someone I was supposed to love and protect. I hurt and broke. I am a piece of shit.” He covered his eyes and rocked back and forth.

“You're not a piece of shit Jin.” His therapist said. “Listen to me, you were a victim who turned your pain into manipulation in order to protect yourself. It's a lot more common than we know. And the way you were abused by your mother and every man she let into your lives. All you knew was toxicity. Your boyfriend would've perfect for you had you been in a peaceful place. Had you had therapy and learned the difference between toxic love and healthy love. You two would've been a perfect fit.”

“I sucked the life from him. He's not like that anymore. I made him have a nervous breakdown. I did that.” He cried.”

“I know Jin but you took a big step, you removed yourself knowing how bad the situation was.”

“I abused him, I fucked with his head and manipulated him. How can I live with that?”

“But that's why you're here right now in my office. You keep calling yourself an abuser but you're not. An abuser would have never walked away because they love the power.”

“So then what am I if I'm not an abuser?”

“You're broken.”

“No, I broke him.”

“Because you were already broken. When you talk about your ex-boyfriend, I hear the pain and the remorse. You're not a bad person Jin and you need to give yourself a little more credit.”

“But how?”

“It starts with learning to love yourself and appreciate you for you.”

He looked down at the tiles. “Do you think we could ever be to-”

“You could ever what?” She tilted her head.

He shook his head and sighed. “Do you think we could ever move on?” He swallowed hard.

“Yes definitely, you both can heal from this.”
______________Seokjin opened his eyes and stared at the wall in his room. He hated having those nightmares of his childhood and emotional therapy sessions. He always woke up feeling like shit.He got out of the bed and took a shower. Once dressed, he made himself breakfast. His cell phone rang.“Hey, Kennie.”“Hey Jinnie, are you on schedule today at the bar? Or is it your Saturday off?“It’s my Saturday off.”“Shit.”“What happened?”“Jungwoo called out and Hyerin took her vacation so only Sanduel is working right now. I have to manage at the restaurant tonight so I can’t fill in.”“I’ll do it,”“Are you sure? You worked late last night at the restaurant.”“It’s cool, it’s not like I have anything else to do when I get home. Working keeps my mind off things.”“If you’re alright with it, then I’ll write you in.”“Yeah, it’s fine.”“Thanks a ton, buddy.”“No problem.” Seokjin hung up and placed his phone down. He rolled up his sleeve. “It’s better to stay busy.” He whispered. “Keeping busy helps with anxiety.” He repeated the words his therapist told him. He looked at the calendar. “The supermarket is having a sale. I better go before I go in.”_____________Taehyung smoothed out his semi-casual attire as he got the car. He took a deep breath, he couldn't let Hyejin down especially since he went out his way to get him this interview. He looked at his watch and saw it was 9:58. He walked into the restaurant that was currently closed. He knocked on the door and a middle-aged man opened the door.“Hello.”“Hi, my name is Kim Taehyung and I'm here for an interview.”“Hi Taehyung, wow you're very handsome.”A blush spread on his cheeks. “Thank you.”“Come on in.”Taehyung took a deep breath and walked inside._____________________Taehyung rushed into his apartment, he kicked off his shoes and knocked on Hyejin’s door.“Come in.”Taehyung opened the door. He saw Hyejin sitting on his bed with his textbooks out.“Hey Tae-ah, what’s up?”“I got the job!”“What?! You did?!” He gasped. “You found out that fast?”“Your uncle and I were just sitting there talking and talking next thing we knew a few hours went by and he was like holy shit, I’m hiring you, I really like your personality.” A big smile formed on Taehyung’s face. “I actually started feeling like how I used to be.”“When you were outgoing and bubbly?”“Yeah, he just brought it out of me, I don’t know but I have a great feeling about this.”“I’m so happy for you. When do you start?” Hyejin stood up off the bed.“He wants me to start Saturday.”“Nice!” Hyejin hugged him and Taehyung returned the hug.“I thank you so much.”“No need to thank me, I really wanted to do this for you.”Taehyung smiled. “Are you doing your school work?”“I’m just doing a little extra credit.” Hyejin sat on the bed, Taehyung sat next to him.“Do you mind if I hang here?”“Sure, get comfortable.” They settled on the bed and Taehyung laid his head on Hyejin’s back. He texted Jimin and Jungkook on his phone as Hyejin did his work. Sitting here with Hyejin like this put him to ease, he couldn’t understand why but knowing Hyejin was next to him made him feel good. Maybe his heart opening to someone else was a sign that he was beginning to move on from Seokjin. After all, he wasn’t going to see him again so there was no need to hang on to an old memory anymore._____________________Saturday came and Taehyung changed into his uniform, black slacks, and a white button-up shirt. Luckily they were allowed to wear whatever shoes they wanted as long as they were all black. He slid his black sneakers on and grabbed his keys.“I’m leaving Hye!”“Ok, enjoy your first day and let me know how it goes.”“I will,” Taehyung pecked Hyejin’s lips, they smiled at each other and Hyejin’s cheeks flushed a bit. “See you later.”“Yeah,” he whispered.Taehyung rushed out the door. He called Jimin and Jungkook on his way to the restaurant.“We gotta come to this restaurant.” Jimin teased.“Definitely, I want TaeTae Hyung to serve us too.”“You two are annoying,” he laughed. “any way you two can come a month from now, I gotta make sure I got everything perfect first.”“We're gonna hold you to it,” Jimin told him.“Yup!” Jungkook added.“Yeah, yeah, anyway I gotta go. Talk to you guys later.” He hung up and got out of the car. He told himself he would be fine as he walked to the door. He walked inside and two women smiled at him.“Are you Taehyung-ah? The new waiter?”“I am.” He answered softly.“Aww you're so handsome! Too bad you're not a host.”“Are you two trying to change his position?” His new boss Jae-Hwa walked over to them with a smile. They laughed. The two women introduced themselves as Eunji and Chaeyoung. They were older than him by two years.“Let's introduce you to the rest of the staff.” He patted Taehyung's back and led him inside the kitchen. He met his fellow waiters and waitresses. The busboys, the baker, and the assistant chef. He was pleased that everyone was welcoming and warm.The back door opened.“Ah, there’s our chef!” Jae-Hwa exclaimed. “We have two chefs but Kim Seokjin is on duty today and tomorrow.”Their eyes met, Taehyung swore time stopped, it was day time and much brighter so he was able to get a better look at him. His heartbeat increased, the extra light made him look even more beautiful.He quickly cast his eyes down and gave a bow. “N-N-Nice to meet you.” He cursed for stuttering.“You too.” He heard Seokjin say softly.He was happy when Jae-Hwa escorted him out the kitchen. He never thought in a million years they would end up at the same job. He almost considered asking if fate was fucking with them. As if dangling in their faces what they can’t have. He shook his head and took a deep breath. This was his chance to move on from Seokjin and it was better to do it with him close than far apart. The waiter who was training him was named Myon, he was a year older than Taehyung. It made him feel weird that he was the maknae but everyone adored him for it._____________________During his lunch break, he stood outside and smoked a cigarette after eating. He closed his eyes, the cold air actually felt good. He swallowed hard remembering Seokjin’s laugh from the kitchen. They were so lively back there, he hadn’t seen Seokjin that carefree ever. He wondered what he went through to get to that point. It hurt that Seokjin was never that carefree with him but at the same time he felt Seokjin was in a peaceful place to be able to let himself go like that. It hurt him that he couldn't be the one to give him that peace or that happiness. Tears swelled in his eyes. He hated that Seokjin made him feel like this.The back door opened suddenly, startled Taehyung whipped around and his eyes widened when he saw Seokjin.“Why are you crying?” He asked and Taehyung turned away wiping his eyes.“No reason.”Seokjin lit his cigarette. “If you're in tears because of me, you shouldn't work here.”Taehyung glared at him. “Well, I'm sorry that I need a job and can't afford to work in any old place I want.”“I don't see why not. Any place would take you.”“What's the problem of me working me here? Do you have a problem with me working?” He snapped. His eyes widened when he saw Seokjin's face tightened. Seokjin took a drag of his cigarette.“No, you can work wherever you want, what you do has nothing to do with me and I'm not like that anymore…”“I didn't mean it like that…”“Well, it came out the way it did…”“I'm sorry,”“Forget it.”Silence fell between them, they stood there with their backs towards one another. Taehyung bit his bottom lip, he didn't want to say it but at the same time if he didn't he felt he would crazy with regret.He turned to Seokjin. “The way you laugh now,” The older male looked at him. “You never laughed like that before.”Seokjin looked down. “I'm in a better place now.”“A place I couldn't get you.” Taehyung choked back a sob. Seokjin turned to him and opened his mouth but Taehyung spoke. “Why wasn't I enough? Why wasn't my love enough to save you?”“Stop blaming yourself. You're blaming yourself over something you had no control over.”“Easy for you to say. I blame myself because you always told me I didn't love you enough.”Seokjin hit the side of the building with his fist. “Stop it, get those words I said to you out of your head. Stop remembering the toxic words from an unhealthy person. Mentally I was sick Taehyung.” His voice cracked making Taehyung cry. “There was no way you could've saved me. I didn't want to be saved back then. I was so consumed by my hate that I hurt whoever was in my path, including you.”“So what about now? Are you mentally sick now?”“What does that have to do with anything?” He shrugged.“Can we meet somewhere and talk? We need to talk.”Seokjin ran his hand through his hair. “God Tae, didn't I do enough to you? Why are you still here in front of me? You should've spit on me the moment you saw me.”“Jin, I have a lot things in my heart towards and as much as I want to hate you and spit on you. I know you need love more than anything else.”Seokjin stared at him in shock, his body shook and his heart ached as his swelled with tears.“Tae stop, you have nothing to do with me anymore. Just move on.”“I want closure.”“Fuck the closure!” He yelled, Taehyung jumped in a startle. “I don't deserve you worrying about me, I don't deserve you to be in my face saying I need love or that you want closure. We don't need closure. I hurt you to the point you had a mental breakdown. You need to stay away from me.”“Jin please listen to me-”“No! There's nothing to listen to. I'm not meeting up with you to talk and you want closure? Here's your closure, stay away from me and just move the hell on.” Seokjin threw out his cigarette and rushed back inside.Taehyung lit another cigarette and took a long drag. He blinked away his tears. He should've listened to Jimin but how could he so easily. He loved Seokjin...still. He just wished Seokjin would open up to him but then again Seokjin probably thought he was weak and couldn't handle being with him. Most of that was true but he wanted to find the strength to help Seokjin and show him he's worthy of love. He gripped his cigarette and wiped his tears away.Seokjin looked at him from the window. Fuck, he wanted to run out there and hug him tightly. He wanted to tell him they should try again but he was scared. He didn't want to hurt Taehyung ever again. Yes, he was healing but he didn't think he was ready to love anyone. As messed up as he was he probably could never love anymore. He wanted Taehyung to move o even if that meant harshly pushing him away. He wasn't worth Taehyung's time and tears.__________________
TW: implied sexual child abuse


2000


Seokjin sat in the room staring at his textbook. He scratched his hair, he wanted a bath so bad but he knew his mother would get mad. She rarely let him take a bath. He groaned as his stomach growled. He couldn't remember the last time he had had a decent meal. He turned back to his schoolwork.

The front door open and shut, he heard his mother talking to some guy. He went to the door and looked through the crack in the door.

His mother was talking to some middle-aged man who seemed to have money.

“I'll do anything you want me to do.”

“I'm sorry I didn't come here for you.”

“Excuse me, then why did you come?”

“I heard rumors that you have a beautiful child and I was wondering how old they were.”

“Oh, I have a son and he's eight.”

“Hmm, let me see him.”

“Yes,” Seokjin moved from the door as his mother pushed the door open. “Jinnie, come, my friend wants to say hi to you.”

Seokjin got up from the floor and followed his mother. The older man's eyes widened.

“Wow he's just as beautiful as you.”

She smiled proudly. “Yes. He's my pride and joy.”

“When was the last time he's had a bath.”

“I can give him on right now.”

He handed her a bag. “Put him in this.”

“Ok.”

He reached in his pocket pulled out a thousand dollars. “I'll give you the rest after.”

Her face lit up. “Ok!”

He sat down on the couch and she rushed Seokjin into the bathroom.

“Why am I taking a bath now?”

“Don't you wanna eat good and take more baths?”

“Yes,”

“Then help Eomma out and make her friend happy, ok?”

He furrowed his eyebrows. “Ok.”

After he got out the bath and she slid a long black wig on him and a yellow and pink dress.

“Eomma, this is for girls.”

“Shush, now do as you're told and you better make Eomma's friend happy.” She ushered him out of the bathroom.

Later that night Seokjin laid on his pallet crying.

“It hurts Eomma,”

She took a puff of her cigarette. “I already gave you pain relief medicine, just don't sit up for the next couple of hours you'll be fine.”

“I'm not doing this anymore.” He cried.

“I just made fourteen hundred off you tonight. You will help me. You need to work as well, I'm tired of selling my body so you and I can eat.”

Seokjin glared at her. “You sell your body so you can have your drugs.”

She slapped him across the face. “Just do what I say you piece of shit. You won't become nothing anyway so you mind as well work.”

“I want to be a chef and an actor when I grow up.”

She laughed out. “That's a stupid dream, you'll never achieve it. You are nothing and you come from nothing.”

----

Seokjin opened his eyes when he heard the door open. He cracked the door open and saw his mother with two men. “A lot of people say my son is gorgeous. How much are you willing to for a ten year old?”
_______________“NO!” Seokjin bolted out his sleep. He panted as he looked around and released he was in his room. He wiped the sweat from his forehead and threw the covers off him. He went into the kitchen and grabbed a glass of water. He chugged it down trying to control his breathing.“You're ok, you're gonna be ok, you're gonna be ok.” He whispered with his eyes shut. “You're ok, you're gonna be ok.”
“Jin, I have a lot of things in my heart towards and as much as I want to hate you and spit on you. I know you need love more than anything else.”
Taehyung's voice filled his head. His once innocent eyes were now filled with hurt and uncertainty. He threw his glass against the wall and dropped to the floor sobbing.“I don't need love, no one really loves me. It's just pity, they all have. No one loves me. I'm beyond something that can be loved.” He hugged his knees sobbing. After calming down a bit, he wiped his tears away. He thought about Taehyung. Jimin and Jungkook told him how much Taehyung improved and he couldn't ruin that. He wanted Taehyung and almost needed him but he had to let go. He took a deep breath and called Ken.“Hey Jin what's up?”“Kennie, can I have Kim Taehyung's number?”“Kim Taehyung? The one my dad just hired at his restaurant?”“Yeah.”“Why?”“It's a long story and I'll tell you soon but right now I just need his number.”“Ok hold on.”_______________Taehyung stared at the wall. He sighed deeply and ran his hand over his face. He hated that he couldn't control his emotions around Seokjin. It was no wonder why Seokjin didn't want to open up to him. He sighed deeply and glanced at Hyejin who was sleeping next to him. He got out the bed and got a bottle of water. He sat on the couch and scrolled through his Twitter. He paused when an unfamiliar number sent him a text.
Unknown: Taehyung, it's me, can you talk?

: Jin?

Unknown: Yea

: Yeah I can talk

Unknown: Meet me here [inserts Park address]

: I'll be there in 10 mins
Taehyung ran into his room and threw on some clothes.______________Mood Song: Let Go by BTSOnce out the door, he headed towards the park that was ten minutes walking distance. He pushed himself to run so he could get there in a shorter time. Ignoring the cold air filling his lungs, he kept pushing forward until the park was in sight.His heart stopped when he saw Seokjin standing there, his hands were stuffed in his pockets and he was staring up at the sky.Taehyung swallowed hard trying to control his breathing as he stepped closer to him. Seokjin finally looked at him, his cheeks were red from the cold and his eyes were watery. He wondered if that was from the cold as well or if they were tears.“Hey.” Taehyung said softly.“Hey.” Seokjin stared at the ground.“Why did you want to talk so suddenly?”“I wanted to give you closure. It wasn't like you and I had a small fling that can be easily forgotten. We had a lengthy very emotional relationship and we both deserve closure of some sort.”Taehyung swallowed hard. “When you say closure…”“I'm saying I'm letting go. We both need to let go and move on.”“But-”“Listen to me, please Taehyung.”His eyes widened when he saw the tears falling down Seokjin's cheeks.“it's not good that we both get this emotional. It's been over two years since we've had anything to do with one another yet the emotions between us are still raw and painful. It's not good and we can't live our lives like this.”Taehyung cried out. “So just like that we should just let go and forget about each other. It's too cruel and too harsh.”“I'd take it better if you hated me. It would make living and being around you easier.”“I hated how you treated me but I never once hated you. I knew you were hurting and I was waiting for you to open up to me and tell me more about your past so I can help heal you.”Seokjin shook his head. “You can't know about my past.”“Why not? You've opened yourself in every way to me accept that.”“Because it's something you can't understand.” He cried. “My past is fucked up, I'm fucked up and I don't want you to pity me.”“I don't pity you Jin.” Taehyung moved in front of him. “I just love you.” He slowly reached up to Seokjin's face and wiped his tears. “I never stopped loving you and maybe this time you can let me help heal you.”“Taehyung I can't fucking be healed!!” He screamed out. “I go to therapy and I still fucking feel numb! Nothing can heal me!” he cried out.“Yes Jin you can be healed stop fighting and let those who love you help you.”Seokjin walked up to him and Taehyung held in his breath. His eyes widened when Seokjin gently kissed his lips. Taehyung immediately latched on grabbing Seokjin's coat as their tongues intertwined. Tears fell from their eyes, their breaths labored as the cold air mixed with the hot air from their mouths. Seokjin desperately gripped Taehyung’s waist pulling him closer. Taehyung’s fingers intertwined with Seokjin's hair as their tongues fought for dominance. Seokjin slowly pulled away and wiped Taehyung's tears.“Baby, I love you but we have to let each other go. We're not good for each other.”“Jin don't push me away please.” He gripped his jacket tighter.“It's for your own good Taehyung, trust me. Just let me live my life in my own bubble where I can't hurt anyone.”“What about you? I don't want you to hurt yourself.”“I'm beyond suicide now, I promise I won't hurt myself.”“I'm not talking about physically. I'm talking about emotionally. You secluding yourself from people is hurting you. You need people who support you around you.”Seokjin smiled softly. “You know my therapist told me...she said had I been getting therapy and trying to live a positive life when I met you, we would've been perfect for each other.”“Isn't that what you're doing now?”“Yes but the paths we've crossed are too tainted to try to repaint them.” He cupped Taehyung's face and pressed their foreheads together. “If I could have one wish...I wish that if we're supposed to meet in another life that we start off on the right path.”Taehyung trembled as he sobbed. “Please Jin. Please.”Seokjin kissed him one last time, this time he was going to savor these lips, this time he was going to appreciate these lips and this time he was going to let these lips go for good.“Next time you see me, please call me Jin Hyung.” He rubbed Taehyung's head and began walking away.Taehyung opened his mouth to scream stop but nothing came out. He couldn't find his voice to stop the love of his life from walking away. He gripped his fists. No matter how much he wanted to deny it, Seokjin was right.The path they walked was too tainted. That path could never be redone again and the more emotional they became the more it became tainted.He covered his mouth and walked back to his apartment as he cried. This cry was harder than when Seokjin first left and then suddenly reappeared. This cry hurt because it was most likely the last one he would do for Seokjin.He walked into his apartment and Hyejin came out of the room.“You ok Tae? Where did you suddenly go?” Taehyung dropped to his knees and Hyejin ran to him. Taehyung looked up at him. Here he had someone who cared about him and was always there for him.“Tae, what happened?”“I know I said it before but this time I mean it.”“Huh?” Hyejin tilted his head.“I'm letting Seokjin go and moving on.” He cupped Hyejin's face. “You've always been there for me and thank you.” He pecked his lips. “Thank you.”Hyejin hugged him, “my feelings for you are real Taehyung and if you need help getting over this hurdle, let me know and I'm here for you.”“Help me Hyejin, please.” Taehyung buried his face in his chest.“You're safe here.”__________________Seokjin threw his phone on the couch and plopped down. He stared at the ceiling. This was for the best he told himself. He was going to allow himself this emotional night and after that, he was going to put his poker face back on. He knew his therapist told him to show his real face more but that was something he couldn't do. He couldn't leave himself vulnerable, he didn't like this feeling. He covered his face sobbing, he wiped his tears from his eyes and slowly touched his lips before gripping his fists. His lips were everything he remembered and more. It killed him that he had those lips all to himself and he didn’t appreciate them. Now he couldn’t have them and he wanted them more than anything.He laid back on the couch and stared at the ceiling. He wiped away the remaining tears that slid down.“This is for the best for the both of us.”



Chapter Fifteen



After work hours Taehyung kept his headphones as he helped clean the tables. He hummed to himself while wiping down the tables. He jumped when someone tapped his shoulder. He whipped around and he laughed softly when he saw his coworker Myon. He removed one of his earbuds.“What’s up Hyung?”“We were going out for some drinks would you like to come?”“Who?”“Well, all of the waiters, waitresses, the guys from the kitchen and the hosts and hostess.”He swallowed hard. “Uh, it’s ok maybe another time. I have some plans I already made.”“Ok, we usually go once or twice a month so I’ll ask again when we decide to go.”“Cool.” He smiled softly and Myon walked away.Taehyung sighed deeply placing the chairs on top of the tables. He never thought that Seokjin would be his reasoning for not going somewhere again. His heart swelled with bittersweet memories.The sound of crashing caught his attention and he turned around. He saw Seokjin standing by the doorway of the kitchen and the dishes that fell. He removed his earbuds and rushed over to help.“I’m sorry, I thought I was here alone,” Seokjin whispered kneeling down to clean up the mess.“The others left? I thought you would’ve gone with them.”Seokjin rubbed the back of his neck. “I thought you went with them so I stayed behind.”They looked at each other before turning away. This was their first-time face to face since that night at the park. Taehyung shook the thought from his head that was one night he didn’t want to remember. He grabbed the broom and began sweeping the glass.“You don’t have to help me, I can manage,” Seokjin said.“It’s ok, I don’t really have any place to be right now. Besides, if I help you, you can leave quicker.”“True.” He sighed.It was silent as they cleaned up the broken glass. The sudden sound of Taehyung’s stomach growling filled the room. Taehyung sighed rubbing his stomach.“You have dinner waiting for you when you get home?”“No, I’ll pick something up on my way out.”Seokjin picked up the trash bin. “Come with me.” Taehyung put the broom back and followed him into the kitchen. He watched as Seokjin tossed out the glass, he washed his hands and went into the fridge pulling out rolls of kimbap and some other dishes.“Where did you get these?”“These are leftovers. I usually take them home or eat them so we don’t have to throw them out.” He warmed up the other dishes. “You know how much food restaurants throw out? It’s sad to waste that much food. So I usually eat it since I’m the last to leave the kitchen.”“Wow, I had no idea…” Taehyung began eating. “Neither me or my roommate can cook so this would be ideal to have.”“I’ll pack it for you then.”“Wait what? But you eat the leftovers don’t you?”Seokjin shrugged. “I just eat it not to waste it. I rather give it to someone who wants to eat it.”“Did you make this?”“I did.”“It’s really delicious. Has your cooking improve?”Seokjin chuckled. “I like to believe that it has but, has yours gotten worse?”“Worse? I haven’t even improved from the current skill I was at.”They chuckled softly.Seokjin smiled. “I remember when I tried to teach you how to cook and I told you to watch the pot of boiling water.”Taehyung groaned slapping his forehead. “And I let it boil it out the fire alarm went off.”“I couldn’t understand how you managed that.”“I don’t even know!” He whined and they laughed out.“Ji-I mean Seokjin Hyung,”Seokjin cringed and held his hand up. “When it’s just us call me Jin, hearing you say Hyung is hella cringey.”Taehyung laughed. “I won’t lie I cringed saying it.”“What’s up?” Seokjin looked at him before pouring them something to drink.“Do you think we could be friends?”Their eyes met and Seokjin sighed. “I don’t think-”“Just hear me out before you turn me away.”“Ok, I’m listening.”“That night was very emotional for the both of us but I think it was something we needed. I’m sure we both cried alone but I felt good having a cry with you. It let me know what we both experienced in the past was real between us and I think that’s enough closure.” Seokjin looked down. “When we were just friends were in a good place.” Seokjin looked at him. “Besides we live in the same area so what are we to do? Stop living life to avoid one another? Look at us, we both declined going out with friends because we thought the other was going to be there just for us to end up here in each other’s face. It’s stupid what we’re doing.”“But can you function around me?” Seokjin asked continuing to eat.“Can you?” he snapped.“Honestly no but I’m a good actor.”“Well, that makes two of us.”“Really?” Seokjin tilted his head. “Because I was always able to read your emotions.”“Same with me.” He shrugged. They stared at each other before looking away. “I mean, why can’t we function around each other? I know we had a bad break up but we both know we can’t do this again. That night at the park proved we shouldn’t be lovers. And my therapist told me it would be a bad idea to get back together.”“Mine did too,” Seokjin whispered looking down.Taehyung nodded. “So we know...I mean if anything, we can be friends.”Seokjin looked at him. “Friends?” He raised his eyebrow.“Why not?”Seokjin rolled his eyes. “We won’t last as friends.”“Didn’t you say we need to let go? Well being friends is a perfect way of letting go and moving on. Having platonic feelings for one another.”Seokjin tilted his head. “You’re so stubborn.”Taehyung smiled. “I’ve always been.”“I know,” He took a deep breath. “I’m sorry.”“Why are you apologizing?”“If we’re going to be friends I need to get this off my chest.” He took a deep breath. “I’m sorry for everything, I’m sorry I couldn’t and wouldn’t give you what you wanted and from the bottom of my heart, I’m sorry for the way I treated you. You never deserved that and I don’t think there’s any amount of sorries that make up for the way I treated you.”Taehyung wiped his tears before they could fall. “Thank you for apologizing and I know too you weren’t in a healthy place. I don’t know exactly what life you came from but I wish you nothing but health and happiness for now on.”“Thanks.”“Just answer me one thing, are you happy now?”Seokjin stared at him before looking down. “I’m happier.” he looked at him. “I still have work to do but I’m in a better place now.”Taehyung smiled and nodded. “I forgive you for everything and I’m sorry I couldn’t help you more.”He shook his head. “You did everything you could for me and I appreciate you for loving a broken person like me. It’s not easy giving someone everything and they can’t give you anything in return.”Taehyung blinked his tears away. “I guess we missed our timing…”Seokjin sniffled and nodded. “Yeah…but just know no matter how platonic we may become I’ll always love you.”Taehyung nodded. “You have a special place in my heart. But I’m glad we’ll be friends instead of nothing. I think being nothing hurt more.”“I agree.” Seokjin ruffled Taehyung’s hair and pointed at him. “You need to quit smoking, it’s bad for you.”“Look who’s talking.”Seokjin stuck his tongue out at him and packed up the rest of the food. “Take that home with you.”“Really? You don’t want anymore?”“No, I’ll pack food for you every night and after your shift is over just come and get it.”“Aah thanks Jin.”  Seokjin smiled at him. “No problem, get home safe.”“Thanks I will.” Taehyung took the bag filled with containers. “Oh, do you have a pen and paper?”Seokjin wiped off his hands and grabbed a pen and paper for him.“Thanks.” he tilted his head when he saw Taehyung writing something down. He shrugged and went back to stacking the dishes. “See ya tomorrow hYuNg.”Seokjin laughed. “Bye brat.” He smiled watching Taehyung leave. He then looked down at the paper that Taehyung wrote on.
Your Daily Mission: Hang this on your bathroom mirror and every morning start your day by saying ‘I’m the one I should love.’ 💜💜💜
Seokjin’s heart raced as he gripped the paper. Tears fell from his eyes. “You’re such a fucking brat I swear.” He covered his eyes sobbing.Taehyung got in his car and took a deep breath shutting his eyes. “We can do this. We can be friends. If I can’t help Jin as a lover then I’ll help him as a friend.”______________________
*May 2018*
By the time spring came, Taehyung was in full routine with school and work. He didn’t tell Jimin or Jungkook that he and Seokjin decided to be friends. He didn’t want to hide it from them but he also didn’t want to hear them saying they had to stay away from each other. So far they seemed ok, they didn’t talk often and when they did it was usually a group conversation. He felt ok with things the way they were.He felt stuck with Hyejin, he really enjoyed his company and spending time with him but his heart just couldn’t connect with his. He figured if he gave himself more time then maybe his heart would sway in Hyejin’s favor.During lunch, Taehyung sat at a table and opened his book to study for his upcoming test. Myon sat across from him.“Hey TaeTae, got a moment?”“Sure, what’s up?” Taehyung looked him while sipping on his sprite.“I know you usually hang with Jin Hyung and the others in the kitchen.”“Uh-huh.” He nodded.“I wanted your opinion on something.”“Ok.”“I really been crushing on him for so long and I just thought it was either now or never. So I was asking you because I was curious if you guys ever talked about dating or anything.”Taehyung downed half his soda and shrugged. “No, we never talked about anything like that.”“Ah I see.” he sighed deeply. “I don’t know what to do. Do you think I should go for it?”He pressed his lips together, he didn’t know what to say. He knew they agreed to be friends but he didn’t expect it to mean seeing his ex-boyfriend date someone else. He took a deep breath, he didn’t have any right to stop Seokjin from seeing anyone.“Sure, I mean why not? What’s the worse thing that can happen? If he says no at least you gave it a shot and won’t have to sit and wonder.”“True,” he sighed. “I just find it so hard to believe sometimes that Jin Hyung is single. He’s so handsome, he literally could have any guy he wanted and probably make him putty.”Taehyung forced a smile on his face. “I guess, I never paid attention to it.”“Well that’s because you have a boyfriend already, right?”“What?”“The guy who usually comes to bring you food during lunch, I thought you were dating, no?”“Oh Hyejin...well not really, we’re kinda seeing each other but we didn’t put a label on our relationship,” he shrugged.“I see, I don’t see why you would have to if you two are fine with your relationship the way it is then so be it.” He smiled.“Thanks Myon Hyung.”“No problem, see ya around.” He sprang from the table and Taehyung closed his eyes taking a deep breath.
“We are just friends. Who cares if he dates anyone. He can date anyone he wants and me accepting that means I can move on.”
____________________After work Taehyung went into the kitchen to see if there were any leftovers.“You're always lurking TaeTae.” The assistant chef Juyoung smirked.“I can't help it. The food is great.”“Thanks to yours truly.” Seokjin bowed his head, Taehyung rolled his eyes. “I think Juyoung Hyung does most of the work.”“Oh you flatter me!”Seokjin pointed the wooden spoon at him. “No leftovers then.”“I was just joking Hyung, I'm sorry!”Seokjin ruffled his hair making him smile. Taehyung hopped on the counter and ate from the container Seokjin handed him.“Not fair Hyung, you know he was flattering me.”“Only I get flattered in this kitchen.” He said making them laugh out. “Oh, I got a joke!”Taehyung laughed slapping his forehead. Juyoung leaned against the counter. “Oh boy, let's hear it.”Seokjin rolled his sleeves up and cleared his throat. Taehyung stuffed his face trying to ignore how fucking good Seokjin looked in his baby blue polo shirt and light blue jeans. He could see why Myon was extra eager to ask him today. He wondered how that situation went.“Taehyung, you're not laughing!” Seokjin pouted.“Cuz it wasn't funny.” Juyoung laughed out.“What are you talking about? It was amazing!”“I didn't hear the joke.” He said.“Boo.” Seokjin sighed.“Say it again.” Taehyung said and Seokjin sighed.“What did the ocean say to the shore?”Taehyung tilted his head.“Nothing, it just waved.” Seokjin laughed out slapping his knee. Taehyung sighed deeply as Juyoung tapped him.“Told you it was bad.”“What do you call a man with no arms and no legs lying in front of your door?”Taehyung stuffed food in his mouth as Juyoung groaned.“Matt.”Taehyung choked on his food as he laughed out. Juyoung groaned laughing.“STOP IT!! I CAN'T TAKE IT!!” he walked to the door. “KEN HYUNG!!”Seokjin gave Taehyung a glass of water. “Are you alright?”“I am.”“See I'm funny right?”Taehyung tilted his head. “When did you get into telling jokes?”Seokjin sighed leaning against the counter. “My therapist told me I should indulge more in doing things I like. I like making people laugh so even if I have to make corny jokes to get a laugh, I enjoy it.”“That's cool.” Taehyung smiled. “The jokes are bad though.”“Says the person who nearly choked.”“I got caught off guard this time.”“I won't let that happen. Watch my next joke turn you blue.”“Dream on!”They both laughed and looked at each other. In a way, Taehyung felt nostalgia, the light-hearted laughing, and bantering felt like old times. Before they started dating and were just friends.“What are you thinking about?” Seokjin asked softly.He smiled a bit. “Just thinking about before we dated how we used to joke and banter all the time.”Seokjin chuckled. “I think I was lamer back then.”“I was happy with the way you were.”Seokjin looked at him and they held each other's gazes. The door opened and they looked away from each other. Juyoung walked into the kitchen with Myon behind him.Unconsciously Taehyung sucked in his breath. He shut his eyes and let out his breath. He told himself he was ok.“Myon, you're still here? I thought you would've gone home by now.” Seokjin smiled at him.Myon cleared his throat as he rubbed the back of his neck. “I wanted to hang out for a bit.”“If I knew I would've split the leftovers with you and Taehyung but he ate them all.”“They were mine.” Taehyung stuck his tongue at him making Seokjin roll his eyes.“Anyway...I'll save you some tomorrow.”Myon's eyes widened. “Really? I'll appreciate it!”Taehyung finished the last bit of his food.“Well fellas, I'm heading out. Good night.” Juyoung smiled.“Night.” They all said and he walked out the back door.Myon looked at Taehyung and gave him the thumbs up with a wide smile.Taehyung gave a slow nod as he swallowed hard. He got off the counter.“I'll wash this and then get going.” He whispered.“I'll wash it since I'm washing dishes now.” Seokjin took the container.“Thanks,” he forced a smile on his face. “Good night.”“Night, get home safely,” Seokjin told him.“Night TaeTae.”He smiled at them and rushed out of the restaurant. He jumped in his car and let out several breaths.“I'm ok, I'm ok, I'm ok. We're better off as friends. I'm ok, I'm over him. I'm over him.” He started the car and drove off.______________________Taehyung got into his apartment and kicked his shoes off. “Hyejin, are you here?”“In my room!”Taehyung made his way to Hyejin's room and plopped on his bed.“What's wrong? How was work?”“It was ok, the same.”“Oh ok.” He wrapped his arm around Taehyung who laid his head on his chest. He closed his eyes. Every time he thought about Myon and Seokjin potentially dating, his heart tightened so hard it was hard to breathe. He knew he had someone and it wasn't fair to feel this way but it wasn't like Hyejin was in his face.He subconsciously let out a heavy sigh making Hyejin's grip on him tighter.“Are you sure you're ok?”“I am...I'm sorry I'm just tired.”Hyejin just kissed his head. “Wanna get some food and then sleep?”“Yes!”Later that night Taehyung tried his best to stop himself but before he could stop his urge, he found himself texting Myon asking what happened.
Myon Hyung: Ah he told me he wasn’t looking to date rn :-/ bummer
Taehyung’s hands shook, his heart sped like crazy and he ended up letting out a sigh of relief. He slapped his forehead and shook his head. It was sad because Myon did seem to really like him but he was happy that he had more time before seeing Seokjin date anyone. He wondered how Seokjin would feel he knew about him and Hyejin.
: I’m sorry to hear that but at least now you know.

Myon Hyung: Yeah Jin Hyung was really cool about it and he ended up telling me a bad joke that made me laugh. There’s no hard feelings. :-)

: I’m glad! At least you didn’t lose a friend or anything.

Myon Hyung: Nope! Thanks TaeTae.

: No problem :-D
Taehyung placed his phone down and closed his eyes. It made him unsettled that he felt content knowing this information.___________________
*June 2018*
“Let’s go drinking,” Myon suggested.Taehyung watched as his fellow coworkers were all for it. School was finally done for the semester and fall was his last semester so he really did want to have fun before the stress began.“TaeTae, Jin Hyung, are you two coming this time?”Taehyung rubbed the back of his neck. “I’ll go.”“Me too.” Seokjin shrugged.“Yay, the whole gang's together. Let’s pick a nice place!”Taehyung happily stuffed his face as the others merrily drank. He was happy being the youngest since no one expected him to pay. He laughed that everyone was busting Seokjin and Ken’s chops about paying since they were the oldest ones. They played rock, paper, scissors. Laughter erupted from their table when Seokjin screamed out from winning. He stood up throwing his hands in the air as Ken banged his head on the table.Taehyung took a sip of his drink, his cell phone buzzed and he saw his group chat with Jimin and Jungkook go off.
Chimmy: TaeTae where are you? Do you wanna hang out?

Ggukie: Yeah let’s go drinking.

: I’m sorry I’m already out with my coworkers drinking

Chimmy: 😡😡😡 you dare hang out with other people other than us?!!

Ggukie: Ouch Hyung!😢😢

:😑😑😑 can you two let me live please?

Chimmy: NEVER 🤣🤣

Ggukie: 😏😏😏 teasing you is more fun

: Anyway 😤😤 I gotta go, I’ll link up with you two tomorrow

Chimmy: Night, have fun and be safe

Ggukie: Night Hyung and get home safely
Taehyung smiled and placed his cell phone down.“Talking to your boyfriend?” Seokjin asked sitting next to him.“Not even, just Chim and Gguk.”“Ah I see, it’s been a while since I last saw them.” He sipped his beer.“Have you seen you Yoongi Hyung, Joon Hyung and Hobi Hyung?”“Yeah I hang with them whenever we’re not busy with life.”“I see…” Taehyung sipped his drink.“Alright party over. My pockets are bear!” Ken groaned. “Any drinks you guys have after this are coming out of your own pockets!”Taehyung and Seokjin laughed out. “I’m glad I didn’t lose. Thank you Ken Hyung!”“Shut up Seokjin!” They laughed.Everyone slowly began to leave, Ken and Juyoung asked Seokjin if they wanted to drink at his place. Seokjin agreed and asked Taehyung if he wanted to come. He was nervous but he agreed to go._________________________“I’m glad I cleaned my place earlier today.” Seokjin laughed as he pushed the door open. They walked inside. Taehyung held his breath. He was kinda expecting some type of low down dirty place located in the middle of the crime-filled area but instead, he had an average one bedroom apartment. It was neat and looked cozy and comfortable. He swallowed hard, he wondered how their lives would’ve been had they had a place like this.Seokjin pulled out some suju and they sat in the living room drinking. Taehyung text Hyejin telling him he would be out later since they decided to drink more. He smiled softly when Hyejin told him to be careful and safe.When he looked from his phone his eyes met Seokjin’s whose eyes quickly averted somewhere else.“Listen, I can’t drink another drop, I’m so drunk.” Ken groaned. “I’m going home.”“Are you walking?” Seokjin asked.“No way, I’ll never make it. I called a taxi.”“I’m coming with you since I live that way,” Juyoung said.“Of course piggyback off my ride.” They laughed. Seokjin gave them some water.“You guys sober up a bit before leaving.” He then gave Taehyung a water bottle. “You too.”“Thanks.” Taehyung chugged the water.Shortly Ken and Juyoung left and Taehyung finished his second bottle of water. “I should get going too.”“You want me to call a taxi or give you a ride?”“No I’m fine. You’re not too far from the campus apartments so I’ll be fine. The walk may wake me up.”“Are you sure? I’ll walk with you.” Seokjin said walking with him to the front door.“Don’t worry I’ll be fine.” Taehyung smiled. They stared at each other before Taehyung looked down.“Jin, can I ask you something?”“What’s up?”“That night at the park...how did you feel about the kiss?”Seokjin’s eyes widened. “Tae, what are you asking me? I-I-I-”“I know it seems random as fuck but I need to know. How did you feel about the kiss?”Seokjin sighed deeply. “It felt amazing,” he whispered. “It made me realize that I missed a lot of things.”Taehyung nodded. “I felt that way too.” He moved closer to Seokjin who stepped back a bit. “Our chemistry-”“It's in the past.” Seokjin looked down. “We can't be that anymore.”Taehyung gripped his fists. “I know…” he looked at Seokjin who slowly looked at him.“Don't look at me like that. We both agreed to be friends right? Platonic…”“I know, I know…”“So then why…” Seokjin gave a frustrated grunt.“Why what?”“I wanna fucking kiss you so bad.”“I feel the same.” Taehyung closed the gap between them. Seokjin grabbed his shoulders trying to keep distance between them.“Taehyung, we can't. Go home, please before I become weak.”“Remember how I used to be so shy around you. You taught me everything I know today about sex. You were my first everything.”He nodded. “I know...you trusted me with everything and I betray-”Taehyung pushed him against the wall.“Tae-”He grabbed the older male's face and kissed his lips. With the feel of his soft lips, Seokjin felt all his self-control dissipate.“Fuck Tae, let's not do this please.” He said despite his hands holding Taehyung tightly. Taehyung wrapped his arms around Seokjin's neck as their tongues swirled around one another.Taehyung moaned out as Seokjin's kisses trailed down to his neck, his hands slid up the waist of the older male. He couldn't believe how hard his body responded to Seokjin. It was clear to him no one made him respond the way Seokjin did.He lifted his arms as Seokjin slid his shirt off. Their lips found each other again, his fingers desperately unbuttoned Seokjin's shirt. As his shirt slid off their chests pressed against each other. Taehyung's heart was beating so fast, he wondered if Seokjin could feel it.They moved towards the bed and collapsed on the full-size bed. Their hands exploring each other trying to get back and remember all the missed time between them.Taehyung kept touching Seokjin's face, hair, shoulders, arms, and torso. He almost wanted to pinch himself to make sure he wasn't dreaming this. His hands moved back to Seokjin's face and stared into his eyes.His lips moved but he held back his words. He wanted to scream out how much he loved this now blonde haired man. He wanted to say fuck everything and take a chance again.His hands gripped Seokjin's hair tightly when his jeans were removed. He moaned out feeling Seokjin's hot wet mouth surrounding him.“Ah Jin.” He cried out softly. He shut his eyes as Seokjin pushed him deeper in his mouth. Had it always felt this amazing? He didn't know if he was on cloud nine or just severely deprived.Seokjin applied lube on his fingers and slowly slid his fingers into Taehyung who moaned out gripping the sheets.“Fuck Jin, I want you so bad.”“You feel extra tight baby, did you miss me?”“Yes and I'm only tight for you.”Their lips met in a heated passion. Taehyung wrapped his around Seokjin’s neck, he moaned out as Seokjin’s fingers slipped further in him. He moved his hips against the older male’s fingers.He pushed Seokjin on his back and ripped off his pants. He gripped his thighs and wrapped his lips around his long cock. Seokjin arched his back and propped himself on his elbows. He watched in delight, he couldn’t put into words how much he missed Taehyung’s lips on him. He ran his hand through Taehyung’s soft hair. His fingers traced the outline of his face down to his jawline. He tightened his lips, this was really Taehyung in front of him with him like this.His body shook with pleasure and emotions, he wanted this feeling back again. He wanted to wake up looking Taehyung in the face, he wanted to go to bed with Taehyung in his arms. He wanted to give Taehyung the love he wanted and needed. He wanted to give himself fully to Taehyung and open up to him.
“You’re not worth anything. No one loves you! You’ll die alone”
He heard his mother’s voice and vigorously shook his head. Taehyung looked up at him and Seokjin grabbed him crushing their lips.“Mmm Jin.”“Shh,” Seokjin gently hushed him. He cupped Taehyung’s face kissing him deeper. He felt the younger male relaxing in his arms. He pushed Taehyung on his back, he lathered them both with lube and kissed his lips while slipping inside of him. They both moaned out, Taehyung gripping him tightly with his legs wrapped around his slim waist.“Ah Jin, deeper please.”Seokjin closed his eyes holding him tightly pushing deeper into him. He pressed his forehead against Taehyung’s and their lips met again. They held each other tightly as they came together. Seokjin dropped his head on Taehyung’s shoulder as Taehyung held him tightly. Their bodies covered in sweat and their hearts thumping to the same tune.Taehyung shut his eyes tightly praying that things will be different for them in the morning._________________________The next morning Seokjin opened his eyes and saw Taehyung lying next to him. He sighed deeply and got out the bed. He washed himself off and laid out a washcloth for Taehyung.He went into the kitchen and began preparing breakfast. Frustration filled his body, he was angry at himself. He knew having communication would lead to this but apart of him really wanted Taehyung back in his life.
“You would just fuck it all up again.”
Seokjin shook his head. “No,” he whispered. “I love him,” he sniffled.He then heard vibrating on the coffee table and saw Taehyung’s phone lighting up. He turned away not thinking much of it. The phone began vibrating again. By the fourth time vibrating. Curiously, he peeked at the screen and saw the name Hyejin. He shook his head and told himself, they could just be friends nothing more. He turned back towards the kitchen until he heard the phone vibrating again. Once the call stopped, the phone flashed again saying a total of fifteen missed calls.Seokjin went back into the kitchen and took a deep breath. Friends could call each other that much right? Taehyung wasn’t stringing him along or playing with his emotions, right?”He turned around when he heard Taehyung coming out of the bathroom. Their eyes met before they looked away.“I’m making breakfast if you want some.”“Thanks,” He looked at his phone and grabbed it. He sat down on the chair and began tapping away at his phone.“Seokjin, no one loves you.” His mother’s voice filled his head. “You’re worthless, just good for a fuck session that’s it. No one is going to love you! You’re a fool to think that.”He shook his head.
“You’re worthless, just go make Eomma some money instead. These men love making you their bitch.”
Seokjin slammed his palm on the counter making Taehyung jump and look at him. “Are you playing around with me?”“What are you talking about?”“Who is Hyejin?”“Huh?” He tilted his head. He then looked at his phone. “You looked at my phone?”“I was curious to see who was blowing up your phone like that. No friend does that not even Jimin would call you that many times. Is he your boyfriend?”“Calm down,”“Don’t tell me to calm down Taehyung. I just want to know are you playing with me?”“I’m not.”“Then who is Hyejin?”Taehyung sighed running his hand through his hair. “He’s my roommate, we've slept together a time or two. But there’s no titled between us, we’re not officially dating.”“But you’re seeing each other?”“Kinda,” He shrugged. “He wants to date me but I can’t bring myself to do it.”“Is he in college?”“Yes.”Seokjin let out a bitter laugh. “You always manage to find these outstanding guys and yet you’re in my face. What? Is it to rub it in that I’m not as good as them.”“Would you stop, it’s not like that.”“Taehyung when will you get it through your head? I’m not good enough for you!”“Stop!” Taehyung yelled out. “Why are you always putting yourself down?! Because you don’t have a college degree? Fuck college! You have two great jobs that you make a lot of money in. You’re a hard worker, you’re devoted and you’re a sweetheart when you’re not ramming your head into a wall. Stop comparing yourself to others.”Seokjin shook his head. “This was a mistake.”Taehyung became silent as his jaw tightened.“This shouldn’t have happened, we shouldn’t have tried to be friends, we should’ve just stayed away from each other.”“Are you pushing me away?” Taehyung’s voice cracked.“I will never be able to give you what you want. I can’t love you the way you want me to.”“You don’t even try! As a matter of fact, I don’t think you’ve ever tried to love me. I don’t think you ever tried giving me a percentage of yourself! And once again here we are! I’m begging you and you pushing me away.” Taehyung stood up. “I’m tired and I’m done. We may love each other but it won’t work. And now I know...it’s not me, it was never me. It’s you.”Seokjin’s bottom lip trembled.“You are the reason why we can’t work out and I’m done. I didn’t spend years in therapy just for you to make me feel like shit just because you’re upset. You gotta be the one to help you, me nor anyone else can do it for you! Did you read that paper I left for you? If you did then do it and hopefully by the time you find someone...you’ll be able to love them properly.” Taehyung grabbed Seokjin’s shoulders staring him in the eyes. “Just know I love you and I still love you but love alone isn’t enough to heal a broken person. I wish you the best…” He broke out in a sob but wiped his tears away. He gave his shoulders a small squeeze and walked out of the apartment.Once the door shut Seokjin slid down to the floor sobbing.“I don’t know what to do Taehyung, I don’t know how. I don’t know how to love myself. I need help I need some type of remedy.” he curled on the floor into a fetal position.



Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






December 2018

The bright light of the sun shining through the blinds forced Taehyung from his world of darkness. He sighed rolling on his side and stared at the wall. He would be lying if he said he didn't feel like shit. It wasn't physically but emotionally and mentally he felt like he got hit by a bus and it sucked. Neither one of them spoke or acknowledged each other for the past six months. He was sure their fellow coworkers were curious but none dared to ask. He could imagine the rumors that were circling especially with the chatty women he worked with. The avoidance annoyed him. He felt like nothing was resolved. As usual, they had an emotional outburst and whatever closure they could've had just disappeared.He slowly sat up letting his feet hit the cool wooden floor. He wondered at this point if they would ever have true closure or if it was even worth it at this point.He let out a small chuckle. "What closure?" He sighed deeply and fell on his back. After a few minutes of getting bearings together. He got off the bed and walked out of his room. He leaned against the door.He was done with school and decided to move out of the apartments. He had to admit he missed Hyejin and being alone was threatening to make his anxiety resurface but he kept telling himself he was ok.He went into the kitchen and grabbed some leftovers his aunt made him. He sat at the table and scrolled through his phone as he ate. Moving on from Seokjin wasn't something he wanted to do. If it was up to him he would stay and fight. But seeing Seokjin push him away with all he had made him realize Seokjin wasn't someone who could heal with just love. Now that all his naivety about love was gone and he was able to see things realistically. This was a severe type of broken that he couldn't handle alone. But it still hurt that Seokjin refused to let him in. He sighed deeply and shook his head so he didn't tear up. He just prayed that Seokjin found a path to salvation before it was too late. His cell phone rang and smiled when he saw Hyejin face-timing him."Hey Hye.""I hate living apart! I'm moving to your place right now! I'm outside with all my bags!"Taehyung laughed out. "You just miss cuddling with me.""I do! Do you work today?""No.""Do you wanna hang out this afternoon?""Depends on where you're taking me." He smirked.Hyejin rolled his eyes. "Do you always have to be this snarky? I'll treat you to whatever you want.""Ya damn right you will!" They laughed out. "I'll be ready, I'll meet you at your place.""Sounds like a plan." He hung up and stood up stretching. "Oh well," he sighed and placed his plate in the sink before going into the bathroom.
________________
"Jin, you're shutting me out again. I'm only here to help." His therapist told him.Seokjin just remained silent as he twiddled the napkin between his fingers."I know talking about your past is difficult but you need to get this out. Not partially, not somewhat but completely."Seokjin choked back a sob. "I don't know what more you want me to tell!""I want details. Saying things like my mother made me do things for money is ambiguous and is a way for you to block out the harsh truth.""I told you what she's made me do. In fucking raw detail." His voice shook. "If I go any more raw than that I'll be barred ass!""Seokjin, I know it's hard and it's upsetting. I want you to realize you were a victim to them. You did nothing wrong and it's not fair what they've done to you. You don't need to let their evil consume you. You've been my patient for a while and I do see you making some progress but then you easily get triggered and you take several steps back. Is there something you haven't told me?"He looked down gnawing his bottom not saying anything."Ok, let's change directions for a moment. From what you told me, your ex-boyfriend and you suddenly crossed paths, you tried being friends and you pushed him away after you slept together.""I'll just hurt him again, I know it." He whispered."You feel like you would fall back in the same pattern?" He nodded. "So then you're not healed yet. What haven't you told me? What else was done to you? What's the highest hill you can't get over?"His bottom lip trembled and he grabbed his head rocking back and forth. His mind was going at the speed of light of everything he wanted to unleash but his lips stayed glued."Seokjin?""Can we end today's session please?" He sobbed."Are you sure? I can't let you leave in this state. Do you feel like you want to hurt anyone or yourself?""No, I'm fine...well I'm not fine but I don't want to hurt anyone or myself. I'm just not ready to go into that topic yet.""What topic?" She whispered.His shoulders slumped and a small sigh escaped his lips as he wiped his eyes. "They did their own conversion therapy on me."Her eyes widened. "They did conversion therapy on you? Your mother and your stepfather?""I wasn't in a facility or anything nor did anyone come to speak to me. They just took it in their own hands to try to straighten me out.""Seokjin, oh God I had no idea...we must talk about this."He shook his head. "I can't not right now.""But Jin-"He held his hand up making her stop. "I haven't been dangerously suicidal since I've begun seeing you but if I bring that up...it may come back."She nodded. "Ok, baby steps, we'll cover small dosages of the topic. I know it's a hard topic but Jin, you can't keep that buried in you.""I'll see you next week." He whispered and walked out of the office without making an appointment. He knew they would call but he also knew his therapist would give him the space he needed._____________Seokjin went into his apartment and laid back on the couch staring at the ceiling. Just the sound of his fan blowing and rotating was enough to block out his thoughts. Just saying those words made him want to break down. Most of his major violent streaks were triggered because of that situation. He wanted to fight, he wanted to punch something and shatter things. He wanted to cause pain, he wanted someone to feel his pain without words. He closed his eyes taking a deep breath, of course, those thoughts were all in the past but it didn't mean the urge resurfaced sometimes. He had to think of something else before all hell broke loose.His mind drifted off to the one person that gave him relief and pain at the same time. He relived that night with Taehyung so many times. There were many things that could've been done differently. They both could've avoided that night and remained friends. But knowing himself and knowing Taehyung neither of them wanted to avoid it. That night brought proved one thing to him, Taehyung was the one for him. No one could make him like that. No one could pull back his layers and made him so raw as Taehyung could. If he allowed it, he knew Taehyung could get to the core of him in one day. He couldn't understand why they had such intensity in their relationship. It was either cold or hot, all or nothing. There literally was no middle with them and that very thing was the downfall to their relationship.He jumped when his cell phone suddenly vibrated in his pocket. He answered."Hey Yoonki,""How are you? I know you had therapy today. So I was thinking if  you wanted to go grab a bite to eat?"He wasn't in the mood to eat but he also wasn't in the mood to sit here and sulk either. He had to get his mind off his therapy session at any cost."Ok, where are we going?"______________Seokjin rushed into the diner and sat across from Yoongi. He chuckled looking at his black hair as long as he could remember, Yoongi always had different color hair. He was happy that his friend grew, he was now producing music and writing songs to sell. He was happy for his best friend."You good?""No, it's been a lot going on,""Like what?" They ordered their food.Seokjin ran his hand through his hair. "I had sex with Taehyung a few months ago.""Wait what?! You two were seeing each other?"Seokjin sighed deeply, "not really seeing each other. He got a job at the restaurant I work at. He didn't know I was working there until he got the job.""Uh-huh, so how did you manage to go from that incident at the bar to sleeping with each other? Wait," he held his hand up. "Never mind, this is you two we're talking about. It's not unusual.""Exactly, but we did try to be friends and it worked for a while.""But then you two got caught up in feelings and slept together?""Yeah." He looked down."So what happened? I take it you two aren't back together because I haven't heard anything.""I pushed him away.""Why?""You know why Yoongi," he took a sip of his water and leaned back up in his seat. "I'm a fucking mess.""You're on the right path. You're going to therapy and he's come a long way. It's not like how it was years ago.""I'm afraid it can get there again.""I don't think Taehyung would let it.""You can't say for sure." Seokjin scoffed. "We love each other so much we don't know how extreme it can go.""That's why you would do couple's therapy to help."Seokjin looked down while shaking his head. "I can't...""What are you afraid?""He makes me fucking feel Yoongi." His shook as he gripped his hands. "You've known me since we were kids and you know how I numbed myself. I made it so I couldn't feel anything no types of emotions. Honestly, I wanted to have fun Taehyung in the beginning." he gulped his water. "I thought I'd give him some experience and eventually we move on to different paths.""You fell in love with him." "I've never been in love so I didn't know how to handle that. Who would've thought he came into my life and bust down the walls to my heart so fast? No one has ever loved me the way he did, I just couldn't believe that he did. And from me having these ill thoughts I was toxic to him."Yoongi folded his arms. "You both were naive back then, you were each other's first love. But now it's different, I think if you two did it again with the assistance of help, it can work."Seokjin shook his head. "He wants to know my past.""So tell him.""I can't." He closed his eyes tightly. "I can't even get through a session telling my therapist everything. She just found out today when I vaguely mention their way of giving me conversion therapy."His eyes widened. "You told her?""No, I walked out of the session." Seokjin looked at his friend. "I can't tell Taehyung about that."Yoongi sighed deeply. "You're punishing yourself for something that wasn't your fault.""Those girls were victims." He sobbed. Yoongi grabbed his hand gripping it tightly."And so were you. Your mother and stepfather were the monsters, not you." He handed Seokjin a napkin to wipe his eyes. "I'm gonna give this to you." Yoongi reached in his pocket and pulled out a mini size notebook."That's your notebook that you write your lyrics in." He nodded and slid it to Seokjin. "Here's your mission, write something to Taehyung in it and I'll show him."Seokjin bit his bottom lip."It's easier writing it down than saying it right? I'm not telling you, to write your past life to him. I'm telling you to write your true feelings to him. What does he represent in your life?""Healing. The remedy I need to heal," he whispered.Yoongi nodded. "That's a start. Write what you feel and give it back to me when you're done.""You trust me with your book?"Yoongi rolled his eyes. "I trust you with my life. And I wish you would do the same.""I've gotten better haven't I?""Baby steps." They smiled at each other."Thank you Yoongi, thank you for being there. You're the only one who knows everything and you've never said a word to anyone or walked away from me.""Well, I may not be the light to your darkness but I'll always be a pillar to support you when you need it."Seokjin wiped his eyes as he cried softly. "Thank you." ________________________Taehyung and Hyejin sat in a cafe, they let out a small laugh. Hyejin then patted Taehyung's hand making him look at him."Have you thought about my offer?"Taehyung looked down. "I have...""Ok.""I still need time." He lowered his eyes. Hyejin grabbed his other hand and their eyes locked."I don't want you to be afraid of love Taehyung. You and I have been going back and forth for months. Sometimes when I think hey this is it, we're going to finally start dating, you pull back. And when I'm confident that we'll only ever be friends, you push forward. My intention isn't to rush you or make you feel pressured. I just want to know are we seeing each other in hopes it can be a relationship or are we just fuck buddies when we want to get our rocks off."Taehyung opened his mouth,"But before you say the latter, I don't want to be just fuck buddies with you. I want us to date, I like you that much.""My heart is in a real dark place right now.""Because of your ex? He keeps pushing you away, he pushes you away into my arms.""I know he pushes me away but it hurts to see him suffering alone.""That's his choice. You tried and you're a good person Taehyung. You've forgiven him after everything he's done to you. Truthfully, he doesn't deserve your love.""Hyejin, don't please,""You need to hear this Taehyung so you can move on. He was abusive towards you and you ended up having a breakdown." He looked down. "You had to take medication for your anxiety because it was so bad. Don't forget that.""He was hurting," Taehyung whispered as he trembled."And he was hurting you at the same time. You didn't deserve that."Taehyung sighed. "He was a victim.""And he made you a victim. I don't mean to sound harsh but this guy is no good for you. Look at how he slept with you and then pushed you away. You felt like shit didn't you?""I did." He whispered."And you told me you were letting go for good. You said you didn't want to waste time anymore, right?""Yeah." his voice shook. Hyejin caressed his thumb."Tae, if you get with me, I promise to treat you and honor you the way you deserve it.""Hyejin," He whispered as tears filled his eyes."Move on because you want and not because you have to. If you two try to make it work again, it's going to be the same. Taehyung shut his eyes as he squeezed Hyejin's hands. "So baby, what's your answer?"________________________Seokjin stuffed his hands in his pockets as he walked through the park. He was freezing but the adrenaline in his body kept him going. He had to find the perfect place to write his thoughts down. When he found a more secluded area, he sat down on the bench. He looked down at the notebook and wrote on the top, My Healer. He stared at it before crossing it out and wrote My Remedy.He sometimes wished this was like a video game and he could have an extra life to start over. However, the reality was you only got one life and sometimes you would be granted with multiple chances.It hurt him that he couldn't be who he wanted to Taehyung. He sighed deeply and closed his eyes.
Seokjin pulled him and their lips pressed together.

"I swear to god Tae, you're like a drug I'm addicted to."

"I guess we're addicted to each other."

"Then I don't want this high to ever end."

"It won't. Our chemistry is too strong," he whispered as their tongues battled for dominance.

Taehyung wrapped his arms around Seokjin's neck as they began making out. "I love you so much, baby."

"I love you too. I love you so much."

"Will you always stay with me, baby? Don't ever leave me."

"I can't picture myself without you. It's only you."

"Promise me."

Taehyung moaned out as he was hit with another orgasm. "I-I-I promise baby."

Seokjin kissed his lips.

Taehyung wrapped his arm around Seokjin. "I just want to be more a part of your world."

"Just being with me is enough babe, you don't have to change yourself for me. I love you the way you are."

Taehyung smiled and wrapped his arms around Seokjin's neck kissing his lips.

they sat in silence. Seokjin then sighed.

"Taehyung, you need to leave."

He began crying. "No, I won't let you be alone."

"Can't you see Taehyung?! I'm no good for you!"

"You can be! Jin change is possible for anyone."

"Change isn't possible for me." Tears fell from Seokjin's eyes. "You're better off without me, I'm a fuck up."

Taehyung shook his head. "I mind as well be dead without you!"

Seokjin looked at him and Taehyung wiped his tears that fell from his eyes. He then hugged Seokjin.

"Baby please, love yourself more, you're worth it."

"I don't know how to love myself." Seokjin sobbed.

"I'll help you learn then."

Seokjin looked at him. "TaeTae, why are you here?"
A soft smile came on his face. Taehyung always fought so hard for him, he always fought to try to show and prove to him he was in his corner. While he just...
"I wasn't flirting!!" Taehyung yelled out.

"You were but let's drop it because it's obvious this is a personality flaw you have."

"A personality flaw? Are you fucking kidding me? How this is fair that you always think I'm flirting or cheating?! Everyone but you can see how crazy I am about you! I give you all my time, right after class or work I'm with you. On the weekends I'm with you. It's to the point that I mind as well just move in with you! I don't even sleep in the dorm anymore!"

"Yeah but you're always on your phone talking to someone!"

"I'm on my phone playing games! I gave up majority of my friends for you!"

"Because of me? So I'm the problem?"

"I'm not saying you're the problem. I'm just saying I give you everything of me and yet it never seems enough. The only people who I talk and rarely are Gukie and Jiminie unless you want me to give them up too?"

"Stop fucking with my head!" Seokjin yelled out. "You're sitting here making up bullshit trips just so you can make yourself available! I'm not stupid!"

"Stop yelling at me!"

"I wouldn't yell if you didn't piss me off!"

Tears fell from his eyes. "All I wanted to do was surprise you." His voice shook. "But you ruined it because you have to be such a dick!"

Taehyung whipped around glaring at Seokjin. "Go away!" He shouted. "You fucking ruin everything! What was the point of that?! What was so wrong with the guy asking where I got my jacket from?! Why did you have to do that?! You acted like I was going to leave with that guy and make out with him or some shit! I'm so fucking tired of your jealousy and your anger!"

"So what are you trying to say?"

"Just leave me alone!" he cried out and stomped back to the hotel.

"Look at the way you're dressed! How can you not be asking for attention?! You're starting fights with me because you're bored with me and looking for a way out!"

Taehyung began sobbing. "What do you want me to do? Do you want me to just wear hoodies and dark clothes?"

"You can do whatever you want. You already hurt me so why care what I want now." Seokjin walked away from the bathroom and Taehyung lounge forward pulling Seokjin into a back hug as he buried his face in his back.

"I'm sorry Jin. I'm sorry. I love you so much. I'm sorry I keep messing up and keep hurting you. I promise to do better. I promise."

Seokjin waved his hand. "I'll figure it out on my own."

"But in the process of you figuring it out on your own. You're hurting Taehyung." Yoongi said and Hoseok and Namjoon looked down. Seokjin looked at him. "You're dependent on him and putting all the baggage you have on top of his shoulders. How is that fair to him?"

"You don't know what our relationship is like that." Seokjin snapped.

"I don't have to know everything, but I can look at him and get a pretty good idea. He looks so drained. And you're hurting him because you don't have any respect for yourself? You're bringing him down with you. Do you wanna be an abuser? At this point, how are you any different from your stepfather or your mother who abused you for years?"

"Are you fucking kidding me? You're comparing me to them? I have never put my hands on Taehyung! Not once!"
Seokjin covered his mouth as he sobbed. He minds as well punched Taehyung repeatedly with the mental and emotional abuse he did. He felt sick with himself. Why did Taehyung let him escalate that badly? Why didn't Taehyung just leave him?Now that he was opening the door and facing his trauma head first, the expression Taehyung wore during that time was similar to his. Only he turned his into anger and aggression while Taehyung just accepted it and lost the will to fight.This was going to be the last time, if they couldn't get it together after this then it was meant they weren't meant for one another. As much as it hurt, they couldn't keep doing this to each other. Taehyung walked away this time so now he was going to be the one to reach out and fight for him.He took a deep breath and began writing his feelings down. Unfiltered and raw.______________________Jungkook wiped his hands off after he finished the dishes. He grabbed dog food from the cabinet and filled the bowl. He smiled and petted the small brown puppy that began eating immediately.He looked towards the door when he heard the doorbell. He looked at the clock, Yoongi left a while ago to hang out with Seokjin. He wondered if it was one of his parents surprising him. He got up and opened the door. His eyes widened when he saw Taehyung standing there with tears pouring from his eyes."Hyung, what's wrong? What happened?" Panic filled his body. Taehyung grabbed him and hugged him tightly. Jungkook said nothing and just rubbed his back as he sobbed. Once he calmed down, Jungkook ushered him inside and they sat down on the couch."Hyung, what happened? Are you having an episode?" He ran and got him a water bottle.Taehyung sighed deeply. "I'm fucked up.""What do you mean?" He furrowed his eyebrows."Do I like punishment? Do I like hurting? It seems that way." He wiped his eyes and chugged half the bottle."What happened? What makes you say that?""I'm not over him. I don't think I'll ever be.""Jin Hyung?" he whispered"I don't want to move on. Jin needs me." He looked at Jungkook. "I don't know what hurt him but he needs someone in his corner. I know he has Yoongi Hyung, Joon Hyung, Hobi Hyung and his other friends but I feel like his need for me is different. I feel in my heart I can heal something inside of him. Of course, I can't do it alone but he needs my support.""So why not just go to his apartment and talk to him?""Because I can only take being pushed away but so much. It kills me inside each and every time. It makes me feel like shit and I can't do it anymore. I won't go to him anymore.""But what are you going to do? You can't sit here and suffer and stop your life because of it. You're conflicting yourself, you don't want to move on yet you don't want to go to him anymore. You're gonna make yourself sick thinking like that."Taehyung closed his eyes and sobbed. "I'm already sick because I don't know what to do anymore.The front door opened and Jungkook's heart froze however, he relaxed when he saw Yoongi alone. A part of him was afraid Seokjin might've come back with him. Yoongi's eyes landed on Taehyung."Oh Taehyung, what happened? Are you ok?"He shook his head and wiped his eyes."We were just talking about what he should do. He doesn't want to move on from Jin Hyung but he doesn't want to go to him anymore."Yoongi nodded. "You're in a tough spot right now...I think you should go home and think about it."Jungkook and Taehyung looked at him and Jungkook furrowed his eyebrows. "You're telling him to go be alone? That's the last thing he needs right now.""That's the perfect thing he needs right now. You and I don't have the answers he needs and we won't ever have them. This is an internal battle that you need to handle yourself and I think the best place to do it is at home.""Yoongi are you serious?" Jungkook sprung to his feet."I am." He shrugged.Taehyung forced a smile on his face and stood up. "Guys don't fight please, Yoongi Hyung is right. This is a battle I can only fight and sitting here crying isn't going to help.""Hyung, please.""I'll be alright ggukie." He patted his shoulder. "Sorry to intrude Hyung.""Don't apologize, you're always welcome here."Taehyung smiled, he petted the puppy before slipping his shoes on and walking out."What the hell was that about? You know Hyung is extra sensitive and you tell him to leave!""It's what he needs. He'll be able to sort out all his answers there."Jungkook raised his eyebrow.________________________Taehyung parked his car and dragged his feet to his apartment. He thought about going to Jimin's but no matter how harsh it seemed Yoongi was right. This was something he had to figure out alone. They could tell him whatever but ultimately it was up to him. He groaned. He was going to give this a few weeks to think things over. For now, he just wanted a month and relaxation. "Maybe I should've bought some food before going home." He sighed. "Stuffing my face with junk sounds great right now." He let out another sigh. His movement came to an abrupt halt when he approached his door. "What are you doing here?" He was sure it sounded a lot harsher than he meant but he didn't bother to correct it.Seokjin slowly stood up and took a step towards him making Taehyung step back. "Taehyung listen,""No! You're just gonna push me away again!""Listen to me, I'm not!""Yes, you are! As soon as we start getting too close or it comes down to you opening more emotionally than you want to, you're gonna push me away. I know how I feel but seeing you just makes me scared.""Please, Taehyung don't be scared." "I am scared, I can't deal with this right now. Who told you where I lived?!" he turned and walked away. Seokjin followed him. Taehyung stopped and whirled around. "Stop following me!" He shouted and rushed out of the building.He wanted to get in his car and drive off but he didn't have the energy or the right mindset for another drive.Tears filled his eyes, he stopped walking and turned around."Jin please stop following me!""I won't.""Why? Why? Why do this? You're gonna push me away!""Taehyung listen to me."Taehyung covered his ears while shutting his eyes. A part of him was wishing this was some trippy dream and when he opened his eyes Seokjin would be gone.He let out a gasped when he felt lips on his. His eyes shot open and his breathing increased when he saw and felt Seokjin's lips on his. Seokjin shut his eyes and pressed his forehead against Taehyung's."I'm sorry.""You always say you're sorry." He cried."I mean it.""How is this time different from the others?""Because I won't push you away anymore.""How do I know you won't?"Seokjin placed his hands on his shoulders, Taehyung felt him trembling, he wasn't sure if it was from the cold or not."You," he whispered. His whisper was so low Taehyung couldn't hear him."What?""I'll tell you.""Tell me what?" He went to step back so he could look at him but Seokjin tightened his grip on Taehyung's shoulders keeping him in place."I'll tell you about my past."It became dead silent, just the sounds of passing cars surrounded them. Taehyung could hear Seokjin's sharp breathing and he was positive Seokjin could hear his. He swallowed hard."Your past...you're going to tell me?""Yes." His voice shook. "It's not going to be easy but I'll tell you everything, everything I've been through and why I'm so fucked up." Seokjin looked at him. "I've always pushed you away and you've always chased me. Now let me chase you. Let me show you how much I need you in my life and how I'm a mess without you."Tears filled Taehyung's eyes and he stepped creating distance between them. "I need to get something off my chest first and it's going to hurt the both of us but I need to say this."Seokjin stared at him."Hyejin officially asked me out today." Seokjin pressed his lips together, gripping his fists. "He told me he didn't want to be friends with benefits or sometimes and maybe. He wanted a relationship with me. He wanted to prove to me how much I deserve to be loved." Taehyung cleared his throat and wiped his tears. "And the things he pointed out to me about you was correct, harsh yes but correct in a way," He took a deep breath. "You're selfish, you took your pain and you used it to hurt me, and there's a chance if I ever give you another chance you'd be emotional and mentally damaging to me again." Tears streamed down Seokjin's cheeks. "And Hyejin was right," Tears fell from Taehyung's eyes, he did his best not to break down after seeing Seokjin choke back a sob. "You doesn't deserve my love or me. I've forgiven you but at what cost? Because I'm still hurting and numb. What did forgiving you do for me? It might've given you a piece of mind but not me." He wiped his eyes and sighed. "But needless to say, I turned Hyejin down and I flipped on him for saying those things about you. He doesn't know you. Did you do harmful things, yes but are you a monster? No." he wiped his tears. "I swear on my family this is it. If I get pushed away again, I'm walking away forever."Seokjin nodded. "I agree Tae, I said to myself, this is the last time. If we can't get it right then we need to just move on. You've given me more than anyone has ever. I was never able to be that boyfriend you wanted but as you said before, I don't think I really ever tried." Taehyung wiped his tears and looked down. Seokjin cupped his face meeting his eyes. "Let me be the one to give you everything."Taehyung shook his head. "I don't want your everything. I just want you, your trust and your love. Can you trust me?"Seokjin hugged him tightly. "I'm trusting you with everything and if after hearing my past if you don't want me anymore, I'll accept it too."Taehyung blinked and tilted his head. "Why would I leave from hearing your past?"Seokjin looked down. "I did some terrible things."Taehyung took Seokjin's hand, his fingers were so frozen he couldn't really Seokjin's hand. They intertwined their fingers and Seokjin stuffed their joined hands in his pocket as they walked to Taehyung's apartment.Once inside Taehyung turned on the heater including the portable heater. Seokjin used what was in the kitchen and made them a small meal. They sat at the coffee table and began eating."Before we talk about anything, I wrote something for you and I want to read it to you."Taehyung's eyes widened. "You wrote it for me?"He nodded. "Sometimes it's hard saying exactly what I feel because I've been used to thinking my feelings don't matter. Yoongi gave me the idea to write what I want to say to you. He was supposed to deliver it to you but I decided to come to you instead and he gave me your address."Taehyung blinked for a moment. So that's what happened. He thought it was odd that Yoongi was kicking him out but now it made sense. He knew Seokjin was here. "I see...""Can I read it to you now?"His heart tightened, he had no idea what to expect and he wasn't even sure if he was ready but he wanted to hear Seokjin's thoughts. He gave a small nod.Seokjin's trembling hands fumbled with the small notebook as he turned to the pages. They both could tell they were filled with tension and apprehension. Seokjin stared at the words on the paper, they suddenly became jumbled and his head was spinning. Why was this so hard? Why couldn't he express himself like a normal person?He looked up when Taehyung put his hand over his."You're shaking so bad, are you sure you want to read it? We don't have to."Seokjin took a deep breath and shook his head. "No, we have to. I need to do this. Sorry, it's kinda long," He looked down at the paper.

*Inspiration Songs Awake, Jamais Vu, Epiphany and Save Me*

"You know some pieces but not everything but you do know my life wasn't easy for me. I came from darkness, coldness, and toxicity. I know you have a lot of questions about it but I promise I will tell you. I will you everything no matter how hard it is. Even if you feel disgusted with me in the end, I want you to know everything about me. It's my truth, I will be covered with wounds all over. You've been light to my darkness, in a place where I couldn't see anything, I was always able to see you. I love everything about you, honestly, you've never disappointed me and I was always happy to show you off as mine. The problem was, I wasn't confident in me. I was nothing but darkness and you were the brightest light that everyone was attracted to. And no matter how many times I've pushed you away to sulk in my darkness, you've always found me and told me you were happy with me. Maybe I can never fly or touch the sky like you but I still want to stretch my hand out, I want to run a bit more and try to catch up to you." He gripped the notebook when he heard Taehyung's sharp inhale."You told me I'm the one I should love but I'm scared. I'm scared to face the real me that I've buried all this time. But if you had to ask who am I then I would say I may be a bit blunt, I may lack some things, I may not have that shy glow around me,"But this is me. My arms, my legs, my heart, my soul are fragile and I may bark loudly to scare those off who try to get to close because I don't want them to see how vulnerable I truly am. I know I can't make it on my own and you can't save me on your own. But if we worked together, maybe we can make it. When I'm not with you, I'm stuck inside my own mind and I'm dying. I don't wanna be lonely, I just want to be yours. Listen to my the sounds of my heart. It's calling for you, all by itself,"In this black darkness. You shine this much. I knew that you were my savior. From the painful parts of my life. The only hand that will cover up for me. The best of me, I have nothing but you. Lift me up higher so I can laugh again."He put the book down and moved towards Taehyung. His heart broke seeing Taehyung trembling as silent tears fell down his checks he knew they both were on the verge of breaking down. He wanted to hold Taehyung and console him but not yet. He had to say the last part."I named my letter to you My Remedy because that's what you are to me." He wiped his tears telling himself not to break down yet. He cleared his throat. "I don't want anymore push and pull or back and forth. I won't push you away anymore. I've done horrible things to you and unfortunately, we can't turn back to the hands of time to change it no matter how much I wish I could." He sighed deeply. "I'm asking you Taehyung, will you be my remedy? A remedy that will make my heart beat again,"I'm okay but I'm not okay. I told myself I'm used to it. But I'm in pain like it's the first time. I will focus and will reach you no matter what. Falling, stumbling. The familiar pain attacks me the same way. It's not easy this time either. Please give me another chance. Will I give up, you ask? No, no never. I won't give up on me or us this time."Taehyung grabbed him pulling him into a tight embrace. Seokjin held him tightly as he cried on his shoulder. "I'm sorry Taehyung, I'm sorry."He shook his head, he wiped his eyes and moved back. "I've always wondered how much you've loved me. I knew you loved me but I wasn't sure if you just loved me or if you were in love with me. I mean I always thought if you could keep pushing someone away, it probably wasn't true love. But hearing your words from your mouth, it puts my heat at such ease. You're in love with me like I am with you." He wiped Seokjin's tears. "Just know you see yourself in such a dark light but I don't see you in the same way. Through my eyes, I always saw you as someone who lived life unhinged. You did what you wanted and I found that thrilling. So many people are confined by society rules and you followed your heart. Was it always the right things, no but it was your truth. You taught me to be more open and not scared of doing things I'm not used to."His eyes widened. "Really? You got all that from me?""I did. I'm sorry you had a hard past." Taehyung took his hands. "But I want to help you. But I can't be your remedy alone." Seokjin tilted his head. "You have to be your remedy as well."He smiled and nodded. "I agree."They both let out a deep breath feeling some of the tension in the room ease. "Are you thirsty?""I am."He went into the kitchen and grabbed some water bottles. They cleaned up their half-eaten food and settled on Taehyung's bed. He leaned on his elbow looking at Seokjin who stared at the ceiling."As I told you before, you don't have to rush. You unleashed a lot so there's always tomorrow or the day after that.""No," he whispered. "If I don't do this now, I may lose courage and I don't want that to happen.""I understand, I just don't want you to go into a panic attack." He placed his hand over Seokjin who took his hand into his and kissed the back of it."I'll ok because I have you here. I can do this."Taehyung nodded."As you know, I only had my mom. I didn't have a dad growing up. My mom was a prostitute so my father could've been anyone. That's why I never bothered to look for him. Honestly, I didn't care to go looking for him. He probably was some sleazy corporate worker with a family of his own. My mom made it clear for as long as I could remember that she hated me. She would deprive me of food as punishment and anything I did as a small child would set her off. Her beatings weren't regular disciplined spankings. She punched me, kicked me, pulled my hair anything she could do to make sure I was in pain.""She did this when you were a small child?"He nodded. "I remember from 5 and on, she could've been doing it longer and I just don't remember."Taehyung shook his head. "Why didn't she just give you up for adoption if she didn't want you? You could've had a family that loved you." he wiped his tears."I asked her that one day and she told me she refused to suffer alone. It wasn't fair that I could've had a better life so selfishly she made me suffer with her.""What a fucking monster." He shook his head.Seokjin let out a small chuckle. "She's worse than a monster. Any guy she dated or had around if the guy felt like beating me she would let him. Or she would instigate fights and make it seem like I was this disrespectful piece of shit. Her boyfriends got mad and would beat me badly. When I was about eight, she started getting low on money. She was getting older and the men that she could get money from in exchange for sex started to dwindle. So she sold me to them instead, the ones that were interested. That was the only time she ever let me have a full bath and she would dress me in all these weird costumes. Her so-called customers could do whatever they wanted to me and she didn't care as long as she got her money."Taehyung looked at him but remained silent. He tightened his grip on his hand."She had me do this until I was about ten and that's when she met Jong-Won a big-time drug dealer. She saw he was worth a lot of money. I believe he married her because he knew she was desperate and he could do whatever he wanted to her." He sat up and took a sip of water. "When I was thirteen I realized that I was attracted to guys and I began dating this guy from my school. My mom caught us kissing and she flipped out. She yelled out she refused to have a homo son. Jong-Won got involved and that's when it started." His breathing increased and Taehyung sat up rubbing his back."That's when what happened?""Their mission to make me straight." His voice shook as he closed his eyes.
___________________________

"You're fucking disgusting!" Soon-ja pushed him up against the wall. She smacked him upside the head. "Do you have no fucking shame?!"

Seokjin glared at her. "So you only appreciate me taking it up the ass when you get money in your pocket?"

Her eyes widened. "How dare you?!" She went to slap him but he grabbed her hand and pushed her hand away.

"I'm thirteen, I'm not a kid anymore, you can't keep hitting me."

Her face became red with anger.

"What's all this commotion about?" Jong-Won walked over to them. Soon-ja looked at Seokjin before turning to her husband.

"Jin hit me!" She cried.

"I did not!"

"Don't talk back to your mother boy!" He snapped and Seokjin gripped his fists.

"And to make matters worse, he was kissing another boy." She sobbed. "My son is gay."

"Relax, he's not gay."

"Yes I am." Seokjin snapped.

Jong-Won rolled his eyes. "You never been with a girl before so how do you know you don't like it?"

"You've never been with a man before how do you know you don't like it?" He retorted. Jong-Won's eyes narrowed and grabbed Seokjin by the throat slamming his back into the wall.

"Don't test my patience you little shit. Your mother doesn't want you to be gay so you're gonna have to live with it."

"You can't change me!"

"Watch us."

Seokjin stomped away from them.

*A few Weeks Later*

Seokjin sat in his room reading a comic book, he nodded his head to the music blasting from his headphones. He looked at his cell phone.

Yoongles: Wanna hang out, I'm bored and I can't take this piece of shit who says he's my father?

: Where do you wanna go?

Yoongles: I don't even care to be honest. As long as it's not here.

: Ok, let me see if I can sneak out of the house.

Yoongles: XD why go through all that? You usually tell your mother to fuck off and you just leave.

: Yeah but it's funnier when they think I'm home and I'm not >:)

Yoongles: Crackhead, come to my place when you get out.

: KK

Seokjin removed his headphones and got off the bed. He grabbed his sneakers and walked out of his room. He saw his mother sitting on the couch sleeping. He saw the coke on the coffee table and knew she was gone. He didn't even need to put any effort into sneaking out. He could walk out the front door and she wouldn't hear him.

He got to the front door and the door suddenly swung open. He jumped back in surprise when his stepfather came through the door with a girl that looked about his age.

"Where are you going the party's just getting started?"

"Who is that?" He looked at the girl who looked terrified.

"She's a new client of mine but I don't like putting virgins on the streets, they get taken advantage of too easily. So I have a job for you."

Seokjin's breathing increased.

"You're gonna break them in."

"No I'm not!" He felt the acid from his stomach bubbling up to his throat.

Jong-Won laughed. "Did I give you a choice?"

"You can't make me! What are you gonna do hit me? Do your worst I can take the pain! You wanna hurt my mom, I don't give a shit, kill her for all I care, I'll take my chances out in the street."

Jong-Won smiled at him and roughly patted his head. "You know Jin, you got a lot of potentials to be the greatest street thug out there. If I trusted you I'd train you myself to take over my shit but I would never put a gun in your hand because you would use it on me without a thought."

"I don't want to be a street thug! I have dreams! I dream of getting out of here and away from you."

"Kid there's a reason why they are called dreams. It's because it's your dream and that's where it stays. In the real world, no one's dreams come true. Now take her in your room and break her in."

Seokjin spat on Jong-Won's shoe. "Fuck you."

The older man sighed deeply and pulled out his gun. He grabbed the girl making her cry out as he held the gun to her temple. "So you would rather I blow her brains out, pack my shit and leave you and your mom in the house to deal with this? You know your mother isn't loyal and she'll pin the whole thing on you. Would you like to go to jail for murder? You know that's life in prison or even death. You wouldn't want this young girl's life to end because of you, would you?" 

He looked at the girl, she shut her eyes sobbing. "Please, please don't hurt me."

Seokjin gripped his fists.

"Or what's his name? Oh yeah, Yoongi, maybe I should put the bullet between his eyes instead. No one will care that another bum kid died."

Seokjin dropped his shoes and lowered his head. "Fine," he whispered.

"Good, I knew you would see things my way." He then gave Seokjin a hard shove. "Don't be so down, you know how many young boys would love to be in your shoes right now?" He threw condoms at him. "Have fun and don't go easy on her." He turned to the girl. "He'll break you in for a week and then you'll start." She slowly nodded.

Jong-Won kicked off his shoes and walked inside.

"How old are you?"

"Fourteen." She answered.

He sighed. "Follow me."

*Four years later*

Seokjin sat on Yoongi's bed as Yoongi sat on the floor studying. He looked from his phone.

"Why are you even studying?"

"I wanna go to college."

"For what?" He shrugged.

"I mean...why not?" Yoongi shrugged back.

"Can you even afford college?"

"I may not be able to afford 3 or more classes but I can do one or two at a time. You should do it too."

"It's stupid."

"No, it's not. All our lives we've been told we'll never be anything. Why can't we go to college and try to make something of ourselves? I don't wanna live like this forever."

Seokjin looked down.

"You should do it too. Let's achieve this together."

Seokjin sighed. "I'll think about it." His cellphone rang and he rolled his eyes. "I gotta go Jong-Won wants me."

"Is he still making you do that?"

"Yeah." He whispered.

"Do you wanna talk about it?"

"No."

"You can't keep it bottled in."

"God you sound annoying Yoongi, I'm going."

"Yeah, yeah,"

Seokjin returned home and he saw Jong-Won sitting on the couch with a young girl.

"You know what to do."

Seokjin stared at the young girl. "How old is she?"

"Thirteen."

"Are you fucking crazy, I'm seventeen. There's no way I'm fucking a thirteen-year-old."

"You don't have a choice."

"Fuck this, I'm outta here." Jong-Won sprung off the couch and punched Seokjin the face. He hit the floor and blood poured out his nose.

"Go break her in right now!"

"No." He whispered. Jong-Won grabbed him by the collar and slammed him into the wall. Seokjin pushed him back trying his best to fight off the bulkier man.

"I'd love to see the day you can whip my ass but it won't be today." He grabbed Seokjin and flung him across the room. He saw his mother sitting in the kitchen drinking a beer looking out the window. "Now do it!"

_______

Seokjin pounded on the door before him. Yoongi opened the door and Seokjin rushed inside, he plopped on the couch grabbing his head.

"He keeps recruiting these girls and I know he's purposely giving me the young ones. I'm gonna fucking kill him and everyone in that house." He stood up. Yoongi stood in front of him.

"What is that going to do? You won't be free, you'll be confined in jail."

"I can't take this anymore Yoongi, I can't. What are they proving doing this to me? What shitty person was I in my previous life to get treated like this?" He cried sinking down.

"I'm sorry," Yoongi whispered. "You're gonna have to stand your ground and tell him no." He handed Seokjin the first aid -kit. "He uses violence because he knows you won't fight back."

"How can I? Have you seen his size?"

"It doesn't mean he can't be taken down. Give it all you got, get down and dirty if you have to.  Don't worry about him threatening my life. I'm his highest dealer so he won't touch me. So fight. You have to. You can't keep doing this. It's gonna come back and haunt you later."

Seokjin sighed deeply. "Or maybe I should just kill myself. Who could care anyway?"

"What are you saying? I would care! Joonie and Hobi too!"

"You're just saying that."

Yoongi handed him a beer and plopped down next to him. "You're not my type but I do care a lot about you."

Seokjin laughed out. "Gee thanks."

"Let's go to college and better ourselves. And who knows what or who we'll find in college." He held his fist towards him and Seokjin sighed.

"My will be more of what. My relationships are never serious." He gave Yoongi a fist bump.

"Never know."

Seokjin laughed. "We're trying to go to college Yoonki, not a miracle workshop."

"Shut up."

_______

"Jin!"

He opened his eyes when he heard his stepfather calling him. Seokjin gripped his fists and slowly got out the bed. He rubbed his eyes and saw him standing in the living room with a girl.

"It's meal time."

"I'm not doing it."

"What do you mean? You like it don't you? I'm providing you with endless amount of girls." 

"I'm not sexually attracted to women."

"Stop lying to yourself."

"I'm not, there's no amount of conversion you can do that will make me change. It doesn't work! I am who I am and you can't change that."

"Whatever, just take her."

"No."

Jong-Won sighed. "Do I have to beat your ass again?"

Seokjin stood his ground not moving. Jong-Won sighed deeply and stepped in front of him. He shoved Seokjin back.

"What is your puny ass gonna do? You can't stand up to me. You're weak, that's why your mother allows me to beat your ass because maybe it'll make you manly."

"If being manly means being like you, I rather be feminine for the rest of my life."

Jong-Won growled and punched him. Seokjin hit the wall, he wiped the blood from the corner of his lips He charged at Jong-Won trying to land a punch. Jong-Won dodged it and punched him again before kicking him in the stomach. "You worthless shit, you're gonna die alone. No one loves you, look at your life. Who do you have in life? I'm the only one who gives you a chance to make money and this is how you repay me? You're ungrateful. Why don't you do us a favor and kill yourself? Don't worry I'll toss your body off the bridge and we'll tell the school you ran away. No one will search further for you because no one will care."

Tears filled his eyes. Maybe his stepfather was right and it was best to end his life now. No one would really care. Sure Yoongi, Hoseok and Namjoon would be sad but they would continue on. Then again curiosity filled his body with Yoongi's words. 

College, who knows what or who they will find. He wondered if he would find a who. Was there someone who could love him? Was there someone who could make his darkness go away? He laughed. Of course not, but when he decided to take his life it would be on his own terms and not his stepfather's.

"Ah, you got some fight left in you huh?"

"I'll go in the room with her."

"Of course you are." He smirked and turned to the girl. Seokjin got up and grabbed the lamp off the end table and smashed it against his stepfather's head.

He fell forward landing on his hands and knees. He turned to look at Seokjin who kicked him in the stomach. He groaned out grabbing his stomach.

"You little shit." he grabbed his gun.

"Dad, that's enough." Injung came between them. "This is escalating for no reason. He doesn't want to do this so let him be. There's tons of younger recruits we have that will love to do this. He's gay so let him be before one of you kill each other."

Jung-Won stood up glaring at Seokjin. "You're still going to die alone with no one ever loving you. Injung, do something with the girl." He walked upstairs to clean himself off.

Seokjin looked at Injung. "Why did you step in?"

"I thought it was stupid what they were doing to you. You like what you like." He shrugged. "Anyway honey, let's go." he walked her out the house.

Seokjin sat on the couch and broke down sobbing in his hands.
_________________Seokjin hugged his legs tightly with his eyes shut. He was afraid to see Taehyung's expression. Was he disgusted? Was he appalled? Did he want to kick him out? He was ready for all this."Jin." He whispered softly making the older male look at him. "I'm-I'm-" He swallowed hard. "I'm so sorry you went through that." He hugged him tightly. "I'm happy you decided to go to college and found who instead of what."Seokjin shook his head. "Don't force yourself Tae, I know you're disgusted with me.""Why would I be?""I practically raped those girls." Tears streamed down his eyes.Taehyung shook his head. "That bastard put you and those girls in fucked up situations. You and all those girls were victims. And baby I'm so sorry, you went through that." Taehyung hugged him tightly laying Seokjin's head on his chest. Seokjin wrapped his arms around Taehyung's waist as he sobbed. Taehyung rubbed his back."I love you Jin and I'm sorry that I was trying to force you to tell me your past. That was selfish of me."Seokjin shook his head. "You didn't know, you couldn't have known.""I know, I just...I'm so upset they did that shit to you. Have you spoken to your mother any?""Not since she died.""She died?" He nodded. "She died in prison to heart complications. I went to see her because she was on her deathbed just because it was the right thing to do. Well, her brother convinced me some, " he let out a bitter laugh. "She practically told me, I ruined her life and if she could do it all again, she would've dropped me in the dumpster right after birth."Taehyung tightened his grip on him. "Fuck her. She got what she deserved and so did her bitchass husband." Taehyung cupped his face and pecked his forehead. "There words no longer matter, they aren't important. What's important is us concentrating on you and building our life together. You're not alone babe and you'll never be."He choked back a sob. "I love you Taehyung,""I love you too Jin and I mean it.""I know you do and I mean it too." Their lips met all they tasted was the salt from their tears but it was the sweetest flavor to them. The tension released from them and they felt at ease. Just the sounds of their soft whimpers filled their ears as they held each other.Taehyung ran his hand through Seokjin's hair. "We're going to be ok babe, we'll go to counseling both together and separately and we'll heal all the pain within our hearts. Then in the future, we can think about marriage and then eventually kids.""You want kids with me?" Seokjin looked at him, Taehyung  propped himself up so he can look at Seokjin,"Of course I do,""You're not scared I won't be a good father?""What are you talking about? You're going to be an amazing father and our kids are going to love you and call you the 2nd best Dad in the world.""2nd?" Seokjin raised his eyebrow.Taehyung smirked. "Yes cuz I'll be 1st because I'm awesome." He teased. Seokjin laughed out cupping his face and kissing his lips."I'll give you that. You are awesome babe and I'm happy you're the light in my life." They pressed their foreheads together."Can you stay tonight?""If you want me to.""I do Baby Angel,""Anything for you TigerCub."They fell asleep facing each other and holding each other tightly. There was still work to be done but they got through the first hurdle.



Chapter End Notes
Hello, I'm sorry if anyone felt triggered or sad during this chapter. This is the last angsty chapter. Just one chapter before the series is finished <3 my DM is always open if you wish to talk @Taejin4eva on twt. I like to thank everyone who made it this far with my story and I will try to have the last chapter out by this week if I don't get super busy. Stay well and you all are loved <3 Also thank you to BTS for making beautiful meaningful lyrics <3


Epilogue
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“She doesn't listen to anything I say and when I do get a chance to speak she usually calls me names or downplays my opinion.”“That's not true! It's not my fault the things you say doesn't make sense. I just feel like if you're gonna talk then make it make sense.”The man looked down and remained silent.“Well, I can tell you right now, nothing will get solved if both parties can't peacefully state their opinion,” Seokjin said gently tapping his pen to his paper. “Also, you're being toxic to him.”Her eyes widened. “What do you mean toxic? No, I'm not.”“When you start name calling, demeaning and downplaying your partner that's verbally and emotionally abusive which is toxic.”“That's crossing the line! I'm not abusive to him!”“How often would you say she calls you names?”“All the time. If I don't do the things she wants she gets mad but when I try to do the things she wants she complains I didn't try hard enough.”“Manipulation.” He said taking notes.“Anything else?”“What about me?” She snapped. “I'm a victim too! He makes me sad when he does things to me.”“What are some things he does?”“He neglects me! He's always working and when he comes home takes a bath and then goes to sleep. What about me? I need attention.”“What do you do for a living?” He asked him.“I work for a car insurance company as a sales rep. I'm always working late one, to provide for our family and two, to get away from her.”“See! What a selfish jerk! His lazy ass doesn't wash dishes either! Freaking bum.” She spat.“Yah, there's no need to name call. And I can see why there are so many problems.” He looked at the time. “Time is up but I'll be back after next week. When I return I will work with you both individually and together. In the meantime, work on not name calling and working on help clean the house. Before you leave make sure to schedule an appointment a week from now.”“Are you going on vacation?” The man asked with a soft smile.“Yeah Hawaii.”“Oh! Have fun!” The woman smiled at him.“Thanks and guys I'm serious. If you want to make your marriage work. You need to meet in the middle. One person can't fix a relationship alone.” They looked at each other. “So think about that and I'll see you when I return.”Once he finished his last appointment he headed out the building. He checked the time and made his way home. He walked through the door and the small Pomeranian puppy ran up to him.He knelt down petting him. “Hey Tannie, were you a good boy today?” He kicked his shoes off and slid on his slippers. “We’re going to miss you but Auntie is going to take good care of you while your dads are gone.”“Jin is that you?” He heard Taehyung from the kitchen.“No, it’s the boogeyman.” He said walking into the kitchen. He laughed turning around.“Well, I didn’t know the boogeyman was so hot.”“Eat your heart out.”They laughed and Seokjin walked over to him kissing his lips. “Is Tannie, all set to go?”“Yeah, I was just packing his food so my aunt doesn’t have to buy any. I’m gonna miss him so much.” He knelt down picking up the puppy kissing him.“Babe, we’re only going to be gone 3 days.” 
“3 days too long.” He pretended to cry.Seokjin laughed. “If you’re like this now, I can only imagine how everything is going to be when we have a kid.”“Just have tissues ready for me.”The doorbell rang, “Finish packing up Tannie and I’ll get the door.” he opened the door and smiled at Taehyung’s aunt.“Hi Jinnie,” She hugged him.‘Hey Auntie, how are you?”“I’m good! You?”“I’m nervous but fine.”She giggled. “Where is he?” she whispered.Seokjin checked behind him. “He’s getting Tannie’s stuff together.”“Ok good,” She reached in her pocketbook and handed him the small velvet box.“Thank you so much for picking this up for me,” he opened the box and looked at the simple white gold ring that had diamonds going around the edges.“No need to thank me, you know I would bend over backward for you guys. Just make sure someone records it, I wanna see it.” She became teary-eyed.He slid the box in his pocket. “I promise,” He smiled. “And thank you for giving me your blessings,” he looked down. “I know back then I was a bad person but I thank you for looking past that and getting to know me.”She placed her hand on his shoulder making him look at her. “You were never a bad person, you just needed to know that there were people who loved you and who were in your corner. I’m happy that you and Taehyung were able to get past those dark times and live as happily as you are now. Fate put you two together for a reason and I believe the reason is that you were made for each other. It’s rare for someone to come across their soulmate.”His eyes widened. “You really think that we’re soulmates?” he whispered.“Without a doubt.”He couldn't contain the smile that formed on his face.“Ok, Tannie is all ready,” Taehyung placed three large bags down on the floor. Seokjin's eyes widened.“Babe, what is all this?”“Taehyungie, you guys are only going to be gone for three days, not three months.” She giggled.“I have to make sure he has everything he needs, this is his first time without us.” He sighed kissing the top of Yeontan’s head.“I understand TaeTae but he’s in good hands honey.” She giggled.“I know, I know Auntie. I packed his chew toys because he’s teething right now and his pee pads are in there, I gave extra.”“Ok.” She smiled.He kissed Yeontan again and placed him in the carrier.“I’ll take everything out to the car,” Seokjin said.“Ok, I’ll finish packing then.” He hugged his Auntie and walked to their room.Seokjin grabbed the carrier and the bags as they went outside to her car. He placed everything inside for her car.“You guys have a ride to the airport?”“Yeah, I called an uber so they’ll be here in two hours.”“Ok, have a safe flight and let me know when you land.”“We will.”“And don’t forget my video.” She giggled. He gave a nervous smile, she placed her hands on his shoulders. “Don’t be nervous honey, the only thing that will keep Taehyung from clearly saying yes is him talking in a crying gibberish.” They laughed.“You’re right. Thank you.”“Don’t mention it, honey, you both deserve happiness.” She blew him a kiss and got in her car driving off. Seokjin sighed deeply touching his pocket before going back in.He went to their bedroom where Taehyung was pulling out everything.“Babe, why so many clothes? We don’t need that much.”“Yes we do. This is Hawaii! We need at least three outfits day.”“Three per day? Why?” He raised his eyebrow.“Duh, for morning, noon and night.”He sighed before laughing. He wrapped Taehyung in his arms pressing his chest to his back. He kissed his cheek. “But why pack so many clothes? We can always go shopping there.”Taehyung looked at him as Seokjin’s smile grew wider.“You like shopping right?”“I love shopping.” He mumbled with a pout.“I know do, so let’s pack two outfits per day and go shopping for new clothes. My treat.”Taehyung turned to Seokjin and buried his face in his chest. “What did I do to deserve you?”“That’s the question I should be asking.” He kissed Taehyung’s lips.“Stop it, we’re not going to do this now. Let’s finish packing. We have a long flight.”“I can’t wait to sleep.”“Me too.”“Oh, can we wear our red hats?” Taehyung ran to the closet and pulled out their hats. Seokjin smiled softly looking at Taehyung’s happy face.“Of course, anything for you babe.”_________________They touched down in Hawaii and gathered their bags, Seokjin followed behind Taehyung as he texted on his phone. They left out the airport.“Hey guys over here!” Jimin shouted waving from the drop top red car. They rushed over to the car and gave Jimin and Namjoon a big hug.“Aww look at you guys with your matching hats! You look so cute.” Jimin gigged.“ChimChim, you look great. Your skin is glowing!” Taehyung beamed.“I just came from the spa. I’m taking you, Kookie and Mihyan there tomorrow.”“Awesome I can’t wait.”“So that means I’m hanging out with you tomorrow.” Seokjin teased as Namjoon opened the trunk.“I promise I’m not that bad to hang out with.” They laughed placing the bags in the trunk.“Is everyone here?” Seokjin asked.“Yoon Hyung and Kookie are here and Hobi and Miyan will be here later tonight. He’s renting a car so he’ll meet us at the hotel.”“Ok.” They got in the car.“How’s it here? You guys been here since last week right?” Taehyung asked.“It’s so beautiful. There’s so much I want to show you but we may not have time for everything since we still gotta prepare for the wedding.” Jimin sighed. “There’s so much to do and such little time.” Jimin groaned.Namjoon rubbed the back of Jimin’s neck. “Baby, remember what I’ve been telling you.”“I know, I know. Deep breath, deep breath. I promise not to be a groomzilla.”Taehyung laughed. “Too late,” he mumbled.“Shut up!”They all laughed.Taehyung gasped running into their suite. “Oh my god! This is beautiful! And look we have a view of the ocean from our balcony!” He dropped the bags and ran out of the glass doors. “Babe look at this view!” He turned back to the ocean. Seokjin walked next to him leaning on the railing.“Wow, this is beautiful.”“It really is and you know what makes it even more special?’ He looked at Seokjin.“What?”“I’m here with the love of my life.”Seokjin kissed his lips. “I wouldn’t want it any other way.”“Same.” He hugged Seokjin’s arm leaning his head on his shoulder. “I know Joon Hyung and Chim Chim’s wedding is going to be beautiful. I too would love a destination wedding.”“Really? To where?“Um...maybe Paris.”Seokjin chuckled. “I guess we better start saving now.”Taehyung giggled. “I know, it’s going to be expensive but that’s such a beautiful place. Even if we don’t get married there, I want to go there with you one day.”Seokjin nodded. “We have all the time in the world so we’ll definitely go...together.”Taehyung wrapped his arms around Seokjin’s neck kissing his lips. Seokjin held his waist sliding his tongue in his mouth. If anyone would’ve told him years ago that he would be in Hawaii with his soulmate he would’ve called them a fool. But here he was, with the person who continued to love him even when he didn’t deserve it.“I would love to test out the bed,” Taehyung whispered. “It looks really comfy.”“I think the table in the kitchenette would be better.” he nipped Taehyung’s bottom lip.“I love how kinky you are, let’s start on the table and finish on the counter.”“Sounds like a plan.”Taehyung’s cell phone chimed. He looked at the message and sighed a bit. “We’re gonna have to postpone that. Our friends are calling for us.”“Of course they are, cockblocks.”“I hope you’re ready for tonight, you’re not sleeping a wink.” He kissed Seokjin’s lips and they left the suite.__________________________“I don’t want those flowers though, that’s why I asked for the yellow ones,” Jimin whined.“Ah, I think we got the order mixed up.” The woman said.Namjoon groaned pinching the bridge of his nose. “Is there any way we can get a quick delivery of yellow flowers?”“The wedding is after tomorrow right?”“Yes.”“Um...let me call the flower shop, I’m sorry.” She rushed away.“I’m gonna freak out.” Jimin whispered. Namjoon placed his hands on his shoulders.“No, you’re not. Remember we talked about this. No matter what, nothing will ruin our day. It’s our big day, just me and you.”Jimin sighed. “You’re right babe, I’m sorry.”Namjoon kissed his lips. “It’s ok.”She returned. “I’m sorry, the flower shop won’t have any yellow flowers until the day after your wedding.”“Oh my god are you serious?! It’s all ruined! It’s ruined!” He stomped off.Namjoon slapped his forehead and turned to the wedding planner. “Can we call any other flower shops? I’ll pay extra if we have to."She nodded. “I’ll call all the surrounding flower shops.”“Thank you.”“What happened?” Taehyung asked as he and Seokjin walked over to Jimin.“They mixed up the flowers. I ordered yellow and they gave me pink. The theme is yellow and white. You can’t have pink in a yellow and white theme.”“Actually you can,” Taehyung said. “Just a small dash of pink won’t hurt and it’s flowers so it’ll go.”“How?”“Your table cloth is pastel yellow and the flower is baby pink. Let me show you.” He took Jimin’s hand and walked him over to a table."Oh my god that's so cute! Joonie never mind! We'll go with these flowers!" He smiled happily.“Taehyungie is a life saver, I swear.” Namjoon sighed.Seokjin laughed. “Jiminie is gonna give you both gray hair.”“Tell me about it.” Namjoon chuckled. “But it’s worth it. He’s not being overbearing, he just puts his heart into planning things and gets easily discouraged when things don’t go as planned. I really want to make him happy.”Seokjin nodded. “TaeTae would be the same way.”“Speaking of which, are you still gonna do it?”“I am.” Seokjin let out a deep breath.“Is tomorrow night good?”“You’ll help out?”“Of course Jiminie is already excited about it. He set up a dinner party for us tomorrow on the beach. So that’ll be a great mood.”Seokjin swallowed hard. “I’m so nervous.” He stuck his hands in his pockets.“Ah come on Mr. Couple Therapist, don’t get cold feet. You guys are the last one anyway.”“I know.” He laughed.“This is where you guys are.” Yoongi yawned out.“Hey Yoonie, hey Kookie.” Seokjin hugged them, “when did you guys get here?”“We came out two days ago. I needed a serious vacation.”“We both did.” Jungkook groaned.“Kookie, come, come! Look how cute this is!” Jimin shouted.Jungkook went over to them hugging Taehyung.“Are you ready to join the marriage club?” Yoongi teased him.“Shut up, I’m already nervous as hell don’t make it worse.”Yoongi rolled his eyes. “Like he’s gonna say no.”“You never know.” Seokjin shrugged.“I’ll bet you 100 bucks right now, that he’ll say yes.”“Stop trying to hustle me out of money!” He snapped making them laugh._______________________Hoseok and Miyan arrived at the hotel later that night and they went to a party on the beach. Seokjin sat back watching Taehyung be the social butterfly he always was. He just shined so brightly, he couldn’t believe that he was almost the reason that light never shined again. With a lot of therapy, they both slowly got on the right path. They learned healthy ways to cope with disagreements and how to convey their opinions without being condescending or downgrading. Sure, they argued and disagreed but neither of them raised their voices at one another. And if it came to the point where they were really angry, they walked away to cool down and then discussed their feelings. Nowadays was spent in bliss with him working as a couple's therapist and Taehyung as an art teacher.Taehyung ran over to him and sat on his lips. “Why are you over by yourself?”Seokjin shrugged. “Just enjoying the view.” He patted Taehyung’s butt.“I’m not doing too much am I?”“Babe, go have fun. You know I’m quieter and off to the side.”“I know, I just don’t want you to feel lonely here.”“Not at all, I’m enjoying my drink and watching my sexy ass boyfriend dance and laugh with his friends. What more can I ask for?”Taehyung kissed his lips. “When we get back to the hotel, I’ll be sure to entertain only you.”“And you’ll have my full attention. Now go back and enjoy yourself. You deserve to relax.”Taehyung smiled. “I love you.” He kissed Seokjin once more and ran over to Jimin and Jungkook. Yoongi plopped down next to him.“I’m partied out.” He sighed closing his eyes.Seokjin laughed. “The party just started.”“Don’t remind me,”“What have you and Kookie been doing since you got here?”“Sleeping, relaxing on beach and eating.”Seokjin laughed. “That sounds about you two.”“It is.”Hoseok ran over to them. “Come on guys! We're gonna play limbo.”Yoongi and Seokjin looked at each other. “I'm not joining,” Yoongi said.“I'll sit this one out.”Hoseok stumbled a bit trying to hold his balance. “Too bad! I'm playing!” He stumbled again.“How much to drink did u have Hobi?” Seokjin laughed.“Mihyan, come save your fiance!”"I'm good! Watch me go swim!" "NO!" They shouted grabbing him.Taehyung looked at Seokjin laughing and talking. He smiled softly and turned back to his friends.----------------The next morning Seokjin stood in the bathroom staring at his phone. He went going over the lines he wrote down trying to memorize them.“You got me. I dream while looking-”Taehyung walked in the bathroom eyes still half shut.Seokjin quickly blackened his phone screen and shoved it in his pocket. “Morning babe, hung over?”“ChimChim, Kookie and Hyanie drink way too much.” He groaned.Seokjin chuckled rubbing his back. “That was just the beginning.”“I’m not drinking tonight or else I won’t be able to get up in the morning.”“You’re cute.” He kissed his temple.“Are you getting ready to head out with Joon Hyung?”“Yeah, he wanted us to gather for breakfast.”Taehyung washed his face and nodded. “Jimin packed our day too, I guess I won’t be seeing you until tonight for the dinner.”“That seems about right. Have fun today ok, babe?” He saw Taehyung staring at him with a serious expression. He knew what that meant. “What’s wrong babe?”“I’m just…” he looked down closing his eyes.“Talk to me.”“I don’t want to bring it up.”Seokjin kissed his lips. “It’s ok tell me what’s on your mind.”He took a deep breath as Seokjin wiped his tears with his thumbs. “It’s just when I think about what we went through to get here it makes emotional. I always ask myself...did we really make it? Are we here together right now? We really fought the odds and made our love work.”“Well I really loved you and I wanted to be with you so I had to make a lot of changes.”Taehyung shook his head. “Not just you, I had to change too. I had to learn that just because you love someone doesn’t mean you do everything they want.”He nodded. “And I had to learn that just because you love someone doesn’t mean they will give you everything you want.” He kissed Taehyung’s forehead. “We were able to turn our weaknesses into strengths and that’s what’s important.”“You’re right. I love you Baby Angel.” He hugged Seokjin’s waist.“I love you too Tiger Cub always and forever.”Taehyung smiled at him kissing his lips. Seokjin’s cell phone rang and he looked at the message. “That’s the guys. I’ll see you later tonight. Have fun.”“You too.” They shared one last kiss before Seokjin walked out the bathroom. Taehyung sighed deeply smiling widely.________________________Once the night fell they all gathered together for their beach dinner. Taehyung sat close to Seokjin, he knew they were only apart for a few hours but he really missed him and was happy to see Seokjin. For some reason, he felt himself superglued to his side and Seokjin didn’t seem to mind, as he held him close.A bottle of champagne was delivered to the table and Namjoon stood up opening the bottle. “I really want to thank you guys for coming again. We made this a destination wedding because we didn’t want that many people. We wanted this to be very intimate and nothing makes me happier than sharing this intimate occasion with you guys.” he then looked at Jimin who smiled at him. “I won’t say too much because tomorrow we are saying our vows but I just want you to know that I love you so much and I never regretted a day that we started dating. I love your bright, caring and nurturing personality. Whereas I’m logical and methodical you’ve taught me to think with my heart sometimes and I appreciate you for that.”Jimin sighed deeply. “Baby, don’t make me mess up my makeup please.”“I’m sorry.” He leaned over and kissed Jimin’s lips. “What I really want to say is, I think we should all take a moment to say something nice to our significant others. It doesn’t need to be a long speech, a few words would nice.”“Then, I’ll say I love you,” Jimin said looking at him. “Whereas I’m an emotional mess you’ve taught me to be practical at times. And as opposite as we may seem, I think we’re a perfect fit.”“Me too.” He smiled."Awwww!" Taehyung, Jungkook and Mihyan exclaimed.Hoseok then turned Mihyan. “We met at our dancing academy and we hit it off perfectly. You’ve managed to become my best friend and companion. I know we agreed to take our time getting married but just know I can’t wait for that day.”Mihyan smiled softly. “Hobi, you make me the happiest person and I too can’t wait for that day to come. I love you with my all my heart.” They shared a kiss.“Aww.” Jimin, Taehyung Jungkook exclaimed making them blush. Jungkook looked at his husband who was now blushing.“This isn’t usually our style, we’re very low key and tend to show our feelings more than speaking them. But,” Yoongi looked at him. “I love you, we’ve overcome a lot and we managed to make our dreams a reality. I’m happy to spend the rest of my life with you.”Yoongi rubbed his hands on his pants trying to himself together.“Ah!” he yelled out making them laugh. He sighed. “Ok,” he stared at his bright smiled husband. “The reason why I have a hard time putting my words together for you is because my love for you goes beyond words.” Jungkook swallowed hard containing his emotions. “Just know you complete me and you’re my everything. I love you, babe.”Jungkook smiled happily hugging him tightly.“Awww!”“Ah you two are so cute!” Taehyung giggled. He then looked at Seokjin and gave him a soft smile. “What can I say besides, how happy I am with you. I always feel like we have a fairytale love, it’s like when you have all odds against you and you somehow overcome it and make it right. I cherish you and I cherish us and that will never change.”Seokjin nodded and smiled.“Perhaps the reason this night looks so beautiful is not because of these stars or lights, but us. You got me. I dream while looking at you. I got you. Inside those pitch black nights. The lights we saw in each other were saying the same thing. You’re the starlight that shines brighter in the darkest night. The deeper the night, the bright the starlight. Your starlight is something I want to see shining forever and perhaps I can if you can help me." Taehyung furrowed his eyebrows. Seokjin got down on one knee holding the opened velvet box. "Will you marry me so I can watch over and protect your starlight?"  “Oh my god Jin what?!” Taehyung covered his mouth as tears spilled from his eyes. “Jin.” He cried.“Answer him TaeTae!’ Jimin laughed out.He wiped the tears from his eyes. “Yes! Yes, I will!” Seokjin slid the ring on his finger and Taehyung hugged him tightly. “I too will watch over and protect your starlight. Together we’ll shine brightly.”“Yes.” Seokjin kissed his lips deeply.“Just know we let you two have this night,” Jimin smirked. “Don’t try to steal the spotlight from us tomorrow.” He teased. “Congratulations guys!”“Taehyung cried. “Thank you, everyone.”Namjoon poured the champagne into the glasses. “Now for the party to begin.”__________________Taehyung jolted awake when he heard the alarm on his phone. He sighed and dismissed it. It was nine in the morning. He looked over at Seokjin sleeping and last night came back to him. He looked at his hand where his beautiful ring shined. Tears filled his eyes. He always knew one day they would eventually get married but he never expected Seokjin to team up with the others and propose to him on the beach under the starry night in Hawaii. Seokjin never failed to surprise him.“Mmm,” Seokjin stirred. “What time is it?”“Nine.”Seokjin groaned. “We drank a lot last night even I feel it.”Taehyung laughed. “I only had one drink because I knew I wouldn’t have made it.”Seokjin chuckled. “You are a lightweight. You’ve always been.”“Shut up! I’m taking a shower.” He went to get out the bed but Seokjin pulled back kissing his neck.“Let’s stay in a for bit longer.”“Jimin will kill us if we’re late.”“Jimin is never on time though.” He said kissing Taehyung’s cheek making him giggle. He loved feeling Seokjin’s lips on him. He moved his head towards Seokjin.“You didn’t have enough last night? You still want more.”“I can never have enough of my Tiger Cub.” He pushed Taehyung on his back kissing his lips. Their tongues intertwined. Taehyung moaned out when Seokjin slid his hand in his shorts.The alarm went off again and Taehyung pushed Seokjin up. “Wait, no Jin, we gotta get ready.” Taehyung rolled out the bed.Seokjin groaned. “You’re really going to leave me hanging like this?”Taehyung smirked at him. “No one told you to get yourself worked up.” He stuck his tongue at him as he walked out of the room.“Brat.”Taehyung giggled as he stepped into the shower. He sighed deeply, he was so happy for his best friend. He knew how hard he was planning for this day. He almost couldn’t wait to plan his big day. Jimin was definitely the flashy kind to throw a big party whereas Jungkook was quiet and down to earth. Knowing him he would be somewhere in the middle.He opened his eyes and spun around when he felt the cool air.“Jin, what are you doing?”“I figured we should shower together and it'll be faster.”Taehyung lifted an eyebrow.“What? Why are you looking at me like that?” He reached around Taehyung grabbing the body wash.“If you say so,” he turned back towards the showerhead. He froze when Seokjin pressed against him. His lips touched the tip of Taehyung’s ear.“I never realized how sexy your ass looked from the back.”Taehyung leaned back until his back pressed Seokjin’s chest. “Really? Cuz you’ve only been staring at the same ass for how many years now?”“I can’t appreciate the view when these two beautiful cheeks are sitting on my face.” he cuffed Taehyung’s cheeks making him moan softly.”“Jin we gotta go.” He moaned softly as Seokjin probed at his entrance.“I know but don’t you wanna cum first?” he whispered into his ear entrapping his body between him and the shower wall.“God Jin, you never make things easy.” 
“I don’t plan to either.” He turned Taehyung’s face toward him and kissed his lips. His hand down slid his fiance’s slick skin until he reached his erected cock and began stroking him. Taehyung let out a soft moan leaning into Seokjin. He pushed his ass back against him. Seokjin turned Taehyung to face him and their lips meant in a heated passion. Taehyung ran his hands through Seokjin's wet hair as his back pressed against the shower wall. He moaned out as Seokjin left a trail of kisses down to belly button. He looked up at his beautiful fiance before sliding him in his mouth. Taehyung's back arched and his hands slipped on the wet walls. Seokjin held his hips tightly pushing him further in his mouth. He loved hearing the beautiful moans that came from his lover's deep voice.“Ah Jin,” he sighed deeply. Seokjin cupped his ass cheeks as he slid him deeper in his mouth. Taehyung gripped Seokjin's hair, he felt on the edge as his body began tightening.“Wait Jin, I'm gonna-”He threw his head back as he released in Seokjin's mouth. He panted heavily trying to catch his breath however, Seokjin kissed him letting him taste himself which turned Taehyung on even more.Seokjin reached to the bathroom counter where he placed the bottle of lube. He coated himself and Taehyung. He pressed Taehyung's chest up against the wall and slipped his fingers in him to stretch him out.He left kiss trails along Taehyung's smooth back before slipping in his entrance. Their moans echoed in the bathroom as Seokjin sunk deeper in him. He gripped Taehyung's shoulders as Taehyung pushed back meeting his every thrust.He always thought love didn't exist, that people were just selfish looking for self-gain. He was still amazed that Taehyung's pure heart managed to heal him. It healed him of all the pain and darkness.Taehyung had to be his soulmate there was no way around it. Love like theirs wasn't common that much he knew. Taehyung turned his head towards him and their lips met.“I love you so much.” He whispered against Seokjin's lips.“I love you too baby, always and forever. My love will never change.”“I know,” he moaned kissing him again. “Mine won't change either.”Seokjin slid his hands down to Taehyung's waist and held him tightly. They both moaned out as their orgasms hit.Time always seemed to stop for them and neither of them complained.Once they came down from their high they quickly washed and rushed to get dress.Taehyung stood in front of Seokjin as he fixed his tuxedo.“Let me fix your tie babe.”Seokjin laughed. “Is this gonna be us on our wedding day?”“No, I'm staying in another room so you can't attack me and make us late.”“You think I won't find you?"They laughed and Taehyung placed his hands on his shoulders.“You know what?”“What?”“If there was a chance to go back in time and start things over. I'd still jump into the fire for you.”“Oh yeah?” Taehyung nodded. “Well, I would leap into the fire for you.”“I'd dive into the fire for you.”“I'd somersault into a belly flop into the fire you.”They began laughing and kissed. Seokjin's cell phone vibrated. He looked at the message.“Joon is telling us to get downstairs now even though Jimin is still late.”Taehyung laughed. “Of course.”“Ready to help our friends get married?“I am.”They intertwined their fingers and walked out the door.The future was always uncertain but they knew as long as they had each other. There was nothing that was going to hold them back and stop them from living the life they wanted. 



Chapter End Notes
Guys, I don't know what to say right now! I'm so emotional that this is over. I thank everyone who stopped and took this emotional rollercoaster with me. Please, I hope this story has helped you overcome, avoid or heal from any toxic love. If you have experienced a toxic relationship please know, you were a victim and you're beautiful and deserve all the happiness you can get. If you haven't experienced a toxic relationship, please watch the signs and know your self-worth. No one should make you feel like crap. No love is worth your pain. Stay beautiful loves and follow me on twitter @Taejin4eva <3



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



