



Journeys end in lovers - PaleRose - Pu falsehiroakademia
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Journeys end in lovers meeting
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/13280610.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
僕のヒーローアカデミア | Boku no Hero Academia | My Hero Academia
Relationship:
Midoriya Izuku/Todoroki Shouto
Character:
Midoriya Izuku, Todoroki Shouto, Class 1-A (My Hero Academia), Kayama Nemuri | Midnight
Additional Tags:
School Play AU, The twelfth night, shakespeare class, Pining, tododo doesn't understand his own feelings, momo tries to help, uraraka also tries to help, did i mention there's pining?, because there's gonna be a lot of that, Comedy, High School Hijinks, slow burn?, Tags as I go, Angst, way more angst than i was anticipating, ashido really tries to help
Stats:

        Published: 2018-01-05
          Completed: 2018-06-15
          Chapters: 11/11
        Words: 38326
      

Journeys end in lovers meeting
by PaleRose
Summary
All second year students are required to take an additional english elective. One of three choices; 19th Century and Beyond Literature- aka read books until you want to pass out, Journalism- aka read articles until you want to pass out, or Shakespeare Workshop- aka perform a play in front of your peers, causing you to die of embarrassment. Out of the three electives, in Todoroki’s opinion, Shakespeare Workshop is probably the worst  The day that registration for second year classes opened, Todoroki made sure to meet with his academic advisor especially early so he could avoid taking that headache of a class. Unfortunately for him, Aizawa-sensei was the type of advisor that put students in classes that would “push and challenge them academically”. For their last project, the UA Shakespeare Workshop class will put on "The 12th Night", a romantic comedy filled with love, deception, and a wedding! How will Todoroki fair as one of the leads who is in a love triangle when he's got his own love issues to deal with??




Chapter 1
Chapter Summary
Todoroki is forced to take Shakespeare Workshop, a class where he'll be forced to perform in English.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“Olivia: How does he love me? Viola: With adoration, with fertile tears, With groans that thunder love, with sighs of fire.” ― William Shakespeare, Twelfth NightOut of all of Todoroki’s classes, english class is his least favorite. He understands why it’s necessary in their curriculum- one never knows where a hero’s duty will take them and most of the world speaks english- but it’s an incredibly confusing language with too many rules and too many exceptions to those rules. Many words are spelt differently than they sound and some words sound the same but have different meanings. While he would never show it, frankenstein language frustrated Todoroki to no end.And to make matters worse, all second year students are required to take an additional english elective. One of three choices; 19th Century and Beyond Literature- aka read books until you want to pass out, Journalism- aka read articles until you want to pass out, or Shakespeare Workshop- aka perform a play in front of your peers, causing you to die of embarrassment. Out of the three electives, in Todoroki’s opinion, Shakespeare Workshop is probably the worst because the english used in that class is an entirely  different type of english. Characters speak almost exclusively in subtext and double entendre and everything has to follow a certain beat otherwise the words will sound jumbled. The day that registration for second year classes opened, Todoroki made sure to meet with his academic advisor especially early so he could avoid taking that headache of a class. Unfortunately for him, Aizawa-sensei was the type of advisor that put students in classes that would “push and challenge them academically” even if they “would rather spend the rest of his life being homeschooled by their bastard of a father.”Most of class 1-A shared a similar fate as Todoroki, considering Aisawa is also everyone else’s advisor. Everyone except for Tokoyami- who fought tooth and nail to get into 19th and Beyond Lit-, Koda- who wasn’t forced to take the class due to his selective muteness-,  Hagakure- who argued it didn’t make sense for someone who was invisible to take a class that involved performing-, and Jirou- who… come to think of it, Todoroki had no idea how she got out of taking the class- was stuck in Shakespeare Workshop. Todoroki felt some relief knowing he wasn’t going to be completely alone in the class, but he still felt incredibly irritated by Jirou’s mysterious excusal from the class. When he and Momo ask her, she just smiles coyly and winks. She has no idea how lucky she is,  Todoroki thinks to himself bitterly as they eat lunch together on the first day of classes.---Shakespeare Workshop is held the period right after lunch and is taught by none other than Midnight, who eagerly waited by the door as her students shuffle into class after the second bell, greeting them with a toothy grin and a, “Welcome to the best class in UA!”Todoroki looks at her apathetically and finds a seat next to the window, perfect for daydreaming, and slumps into his chair. Only twelve weeks of this class. Every day for twelve weeks. He groans and runs his fingers through his hair and sets his head down on his desk, he doesn’t think he’s going to be able to survive this.  “Oh! Todoroki-kun, I didn’t realize you’re in this class too.” a familiar voice says as the sound of a chair sliding against the floor rings in Todoroki’s ears.Immediately, Todoroki’s head perks up and he looks over towards the voice. Sitting next to him, all smiles and freckles, is Midoriya. Todoroki always considered Midoriya to be a friend. Well, maybe more than a friend. A good friend? He doesn’t really know what to call his feelings towards the green haired hero in training. There’s something about Midoriya that makes him feel more… what’s the word… at ease? Ever since the sports festival during their first year, Midoriya helped him in a myriad of ways; getting him to socialize more, encouraging him to visit his mother, helping him during training sessions so he could master his left side. He knew Midoriya would always have his back, so maybe this was a blessing in disguise? With the help of Midoriya’s calming nature, he would survive this class.“Yeah, Aisawa-sensei forced me to take it.” he says unamusedly.Midroiya frowns and rests his chin on his hands, “Don’t worry, he forced pretty much everyone to take this class. We’ll get through it though!” he says and gives Todoroki an encouraging thumbs up, “I read a couple of Shakespeare’s poems over break and I think I have a handle of the language, kinda? It’s actually quite fascinating, he basically created the english language as we know it today! Did you know that he invented over one thousand new words! I think we’re really lucky to get to learn about this stuff-”Todoroki never minds Midoriya’s excited rambling, it makes the corners of his mouth turn up and heart beat a little faster. Seeing someone talk so passionately about a subject he hates is actually quite refreshing. It almost makes him happy to be in the class… almost.“And I did some research on the plays we’re going to be reading and we’ve going to look at some good ones! A comedy, a tragedy, and a history. I wonder which one we’re going to perform? I hope it’s the comedy. What do you want to perform, Todoroki-kun?” Midoriya's rambling came to a halt at the question.Todoroki blinks twice before responding and shakes his head, “I’m not sure. I don’t really enjoy public speaking, especially public speaking in english.”Midoriya perks up, letting his hands fall to his desk, “Well that’s no problem, I can help you with that no problem. I practice speaking in english all the time.” which is certainly true. Since Midoriya looks up to All Might, a hero whose entire persona is based on an english speaking country, it only makes sense that he is well versed in english.“I guess I’ll have to take you up on that offer then.” he says, resting his own cheek in his palm and smiles at Midroiya, whose face is suddenly turning red for some reason. Todoroki would notice if the temperature in the classroom is off, maybe he’s getting sick?“Y-yeah! Totally, we can rehearse lines together! It’ll be fun!” Midoriya stammers as he fidgets in his seat. Todoroki looks at him with a raised eyebrow and silently hopes that he’s alright.“Alright class!” Midnight’s voice fills the entire room and snaps Midoriya and Todoroki’s attention to the front of the classroom where their teacher situates herself, “As you all are probably aware, this is Shakespeare Workshop! The greatest class UA has to offer. Why is it the greatest class you may ask?”“Because we get to goof off and wear funny costumes?” Kaminari chimes in. Leave it to him to establish himself as the class clown before anyone else can have the honor.Midnight frowns, “That was a rhetorical question Kaminari and no, it’s not because we ‘goof off and wear funny costumes’.” she deadpans directly at the blonde haired boy, “No it’s the greatest class because you, my young players, get to experience the joys of the theatre!”Todoroki could think of about ten things he would rather be doing than “experiencing the joys of the theatre.”“We will perform several of Shakespeare’s greatest plays in this class!  Julius Caesar  ,  Hamlet,  and others! You will step into someone else’s shoes for the hour I have you each day, taking on a completely different identity! It’s not too different from how we put on personas when we work as heroes!” she cheers and gestures to her skin-tight costume, “My hero persona is quite venereal, while in class I’d like to think I’m somewhat tame?” she winks and sticks out her tongue.A shiver runs down Todoroki’s spine. The dual persona that many heroes experience is something that Todoroki is not fond of, considering he was raised by Endeavor, not Enji Todoroki. And to be honest, Todoroki has no idea who Enji actually is because of it. Over exaggerated hero personalities are toxic in his mind, and he wants to stay away from anything that will promote him becoming like his father.“Of course, since this is an academic class, you will be required to do quite a bit of reading on your own and write two research papers on plays we don’t read in class for me.”“In english?” Kirishima’s voice pipes up warily.“Yes in english!” Midnight scoffs and sets off a chorus of gorans.“Don’t you dare complain! You signed up for this class.” Midnight chides her students with a hand on her hip and a frown on her face.“Most of us were forced to take his class.” Bakugo grumbles loud enough for the entire class to hear.At this, Iida shoots up from his chair and points at Bakugo, who remains unaffected by Iida’s shouting, “That is no way to talk to our teacher, you should be ashamed of yourself Bakugo!”Midnight shakes her head disapprovingly and rubs her eyes, “I can’t believe you children. We have so much work to do if we’re going to put on a show. Teamwork is a key component in this class and how well you work together will be reflected in your final grade.”Another group groan erupts.Midoriya leans over to Todoroki, cupping his hand against his mouth so it is obscured from prying eyes, “I don’t think we’ll have a problem with that. Hopefully the characters we get assigned share scenes together.” he says hopefully.Warmth fluttered in Todoroki’s chest, like a newborn butterfly rapidly pumping blood into its wings, “Yeah, hopefully.” he says back softly, leaning in so only Midoriya can hear him.---For as painful as the following weeks were, Todoroki managed to score minor roles in the plays they read and performed, which required little to no speaking. In  Hamlet  he was a gravedigger, in  Julius Caesar  he was a cobbler, and in  Measure for Measure  he was the silent role of Varrius. Because of this, he spent quite a bit of time helping Midoriya study his lines. They would meet almost every night in the library, and sometimes Midoriya’s room, and rehearse until the lines flowed from Midoriya effortlessly. His performances gave Todoroki a weird feeling again. Nothing like the calming aura he was used to, it was more like a fire that threatened to consume him. Midoriya’s words licked his body like flames and sent his thoughts into such a spiral that when they practiced, he would often miss the next line; prompting a rushed apology and shaky reciting of whatever came next.When he talks to Momo about this during one of their own study sessions, she simply pats him on the shoulder and says, “Wow, you have it bad, don’t you?” which confuses Todoroki to no end. He had what? A cold? Certainly not, he was the picture of good health.“No, Todoroki… you’re not getting it.” she says tapping her chin with her index finger, “Ok, so, have you ever liked something before?”“I like a lot of things, Momo.” he replies, crossing his arms and sinking into his chair.“Of course, and how do you feel when you see those things you like? Like… when they serve Soba for lunch?”“Excited? Happy?”“Right!” she exclaims, “So how do you feel when you’re around Midoriya?”Todoroki thinks for a moment, “I feel happy, the same way I feel around you.”Momo shakes her head in distain and grumbles, “No, you definitely don’t feel the same way you feel- ugh! You know what, you have to figure this out on your own.”Which is easier said than done. Todoroki isn’t the best at picking up social cues. But so far, he’s been able to gather that Momo was right, they way he feels around Midoriya was certainly not the same as the way he felt around her. It’s more intense, more volatile, but for what reason?Todoroki didn’t spend too much time dwelling over it since, with their last play on the horizon, all he could think about was if he was going to get another small role in the play or not. Hopefully, Midnight would cut him one last break for this last play. He walks into class with Momo, a pit in his stomach growing bigger and bigger with each passing minute.“What’s with you?” Momo asks him as they sit down in their seats. He turns around to face her and sighs, gripping the back of his chair, “I really hope I don’t get picked for a big role in this last play.” he says softly.“Oh, you’re definitely going to get picked for one of the three leads. Midnight already told me what the play is and what role you are.” Momo says far too casually for Todoroki’s liking.“What is the play? What’s my role? Why did she tell you? Why haven’t you told me!?” he feels himself growing more frustrated and hotter. It takes all of Todoroki’s willpower to keep himself from catching fire, he’s set off the fire alarms enough times this month.Momo giggles and shrugs him off, “Calm down, she told most of the girls since we've all already had leads, considering there's only five of us in the class, and she didn't want anyone getting upset if they didn't get a second lead. The part's not that bad, you’ll find out soon enough what it is.”“Find out what is?” Midoriya asks as he sets down his backpack to rest next to his desk.“Nothing.” Momo and Todoroki say at the same time.Midoriya’s eyebrows shoot up and he pauses, “Oh, uh, okay then.” he says and takes his seat, not looking at Todoroki or Momo.Todoroki mentally kicks himself, his response was far too aggressive and now Midoriya probably thinks that he’s mad at him or something, “Seriously, it’s nothing to worry about Midoriya. Don’t dwell on it.” he assures his friend.Midoriya nods and sets his books on his desk, “Alright, if you say so.” he replies with a smile right before the final bell rings.Midnight saunters into class and begins writing the word, “Comedy” on the whiteboard. Once she finishes, she turns around and smirks at the class, “Now, I know some of you consider yourselves masters of this.” she glares at Kaminari and Mineta who are twiddling their thumbs but eyeing each other knowingly.“But you can not even begin to imagine the genius that is Shakespeare’s comedies. For starters, topics of his comedies usually center around love-” Bakugo groans at the mention of romance and Midnight glares at him as well, “and how it can be easily misconstrued. Why, in  A Midsummer Night’s Dream  half of the cast falls in love with the wrong person and the hilarity of miscommunication ensues. It’s almost like high school if you think about it!” she muses, swaying and shutting her eyes, bringing her hands up to her cheeks . Todoroki hears Uraraka clear her throat loudly, causing Midoriya to flinch and turn towards her, muttering something he can’t quite make out.“Yes these plays have their fair share of hijinks, so for our final performance, we’re going to put on one of my favorites,  The Twelfth Night. ” she writes the title on the board, it stares Todoroki down in his seat.“The play centres on the twins Viola and Sebastian, who are separated in a shipwreck. Viola- who is disguises herself as a man named Cesario- falls in love with Duke Orsino, who in turn is in love with the Countess Olivia. Upon meeting Viola, Countess Olivia falls in love with her thinking she is a man! Now doesn’t that love triangle sound like a recipe for comedic disaster?!” Midnight asks enthusiastically and is answered by apathetic shrugs and “eh’s” from everyone except Midoriya, who is furiously scribbling notes in his notebook.Midnight chuckles uncomfortably and continues, “Anyway, this play also has some musical elements in it, singing and playing instruments. Jirou from class 1-A was kind enough to offer her services for this production.”Singing and acting? Todoroki does not like the sound of this, clenching his fists and stiffening in his chair. As if speaking in a different language isn’t already bad enough, now they had to sing?“Not all of you will have to sing,” Midnight adds and allows Todoroki to release the breath he didn’t know he was holding, “but I expect everyone to at least learn the music.” well, at least he wouldn’t have to perform it.“Please take out your textbooks and turn to page three hundred and five, I will be assigning roles now.” Todoroki grabs his paperweight of a textbook from his bag and flips to the page containing the characters and their descriptions. There are fourteen characters in this play and twenty people in the class, so most of them will have a role again.“Everyone who had a lead in  Hamlet  will not have a lead in his play and I expect you will give the leads for this show the same amount of respect they gave you.” Midnight eyes Bakugo one last time, who played the titular role of Hamlet and played a titular role in Midnight’s daily headaches during the production.“Make sure to circle your character in the textbook so you have a reminder of whose lines you need to study.” Midnight opens her own master textbook and sets it on her podium. She also pulls a list out of her bag and sets it down next to her book, “Now, first off, Viola aka Cesario will be played by Ashido and her brother Sebastian will be Midoriya.” Midoriya and Ashido make eye contact and give each other an air high five. Todoroki guesses it makes sense, since they both have wild hair?“Next we have Duke Orsino who will be played by Todoroki and Olivia who will be played by Uraraka.”Uraraka stands up from her seat and lets out a single “Ha!” and circles the role in her textbook, but Todoroki is frozen. He doesn’t even hear the other roles being assigned, he can only feel the blood in his veins turning to ice. Duke Orsino, the Duke of Illyria. The object of Viola’s affections- who is disguised as a man- who is the object of Olivia’s affections, who is the object of  his affections. He is the tip of the play’s love triangle with Uraraka- Midoriya’s best friend- and Ashido, the last place he wanted to be.



Chapter End Notes
Hey fam! Many of you on tumblr asked for it, so here it is!!! My school play AU. I can't believe I wrote over 3,000 words. I guess that's what happens when you come off the high that is NaNoWrimo~ Anyway, I'm probably going to do weekly updates for this, so be on the lookout for this sometime next Saturday- AKA my birthday ;) I really hope you enjoy this little ditty I've got planned for you. The 12th night is my absolute favorite Shakespeare play and I urge you to give it a read if you haven't. As always, my tumblr is https://celestial13-fic.tumblr.com/ Thanks for reading :)


Chapter 2
Chapter Summary
While the class starts reading "The Twelfth Night", Momo devises a plan of action for Todoroki!
Chapter Notes
Hey, remember when I posted a oneshot earlier today? Yeah me too!! Enjoy~

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




“This is bad.” Todoroki finally says as he stares at the first page of the script to  The Twelfth Night. He rubs his eyes and realizes they are dry from staring for so long. How long had he been fixed on the script? Five minutes? Ten? He honestly can’t even tell.
“I think you’re making a bigger deal out of this than you should be.” Momo shrugs as she highlights her lines, her book propped in her lap as she lounges on the couch in the common room. She was assigned the role of Maria, Olivia’s gentlewoman, a role with significantly less lines than Todoroki’s.
Todoroki looks over at Momo. She’s swiftly dragging the highlighter across the pages of her textbook, dark eyes focused and unmoving. He frowns and shuts his textbook, “You know, you could be a little more supportive.”
Momo stops highlighting, her voice is filled with annoyance, “I’m sorry Todoroki, what do you want me to say? You haven’t had a lead role yet. Everyone in class has had a lead role, even Mineta.” How could Todoroki forget? He was an eerily good Julius Caesar considering everyone in the class already wanted him dead. Todoroki shudders and rubs his eyes again.
Momo scoots over on the couch and puts her hand on his shoulder, “You’ve been through so much worse. Todoroki, this should be a piece of cake for you.” She says earnestly. Todoroki knows she’s trying to be encouraging, but it just reminds him of all the “worse” things he’s been through.
“Thanks, I guess.” Todoroki sighs and gives her a soft smile. He re-opens his textbook to the play’s title page, the italic letters  The Twelfth Night  stare back at him once again, and swallows.
“It’s not going to eat you.” Momo giggles and removes her hand from his shoulder.
“You don’t know that.” Todoroki says into the book.
Momo rolls her eyes and goes back to highlighting and Todoroki, reluctantly, joins her. Even though he doesn’t want to admit it, highlighting proved to be a very calming activity. His eyes scan the words he barely understands, watching them pop from the page thanks to the neon yellow color of his marker. He inhales through one line and exhales through another. Back and forth, he’s nearly lost in his motions when Momo breaks their silence.
“What did Midoriya say about his part?” she says casually, but Todoroki knows better.
“Nothing really.” He gives the vaguest answer he can come up with. Midoriya, with no surprise to Todoroki, is excited about his role. But Midoriya only talked about how he was excited to work with Ashido and they’re thinking of working on their costumes together- nothing more. When they put on Hamlet and he’d been assigned Horatio, he had plenty to say about that role.
“That doesn’t sound like Midoriya.” Momo sees right through his half truth.
“Yeah well, it’s not that big of a role, so there’s not much to say about it.”
“How does he feel about you being romantic with Ashido?”
“How should be feel about me being romantic with Ashido?” Todoroki raises an eyebrow and glares at her from the corner of his eyes. He presses his highlighter onto the pages of his textbook with more force, noticing how the color starts to bleed through to the other side of the paper.
Momo shrugs, “I’m not sure. Did he say anything about you being romantic with Uraraka?”
“No.” He presses down on his marker harder.
“Huh, I figured he would’ve said something.” Momo says offhandedly.
“Well he didn’t.” Todoroki is struggling to keep his voice, and body temperature, under control. That statement was true; Midoriya didn’t say anything about the love triangle aspect of the show at all, probably because he knows Todoroki is incredibly uncomfortable with it. Romance and feelings in general aren’t his forte.
“You know, I’m pretty sure you have to kiss both Uraraka and Ashido in this show.” Momo flips through the pages of the play, probably looking in the stage directions to see if she’s correct.
“I know I have to kiss Ashido.” Todoroki grumbles unenthusiastically, flipping his page and groaning at the mess he’d made from pressing down on the highlighter too hard.
Momo’s eyes suddenly expand to the size of the dinner plates in the dining hall after she reads through a page, “Oh wow! Looks like you have to kiss Midoriya’s character too! That Shakespeare sure knows how to keep things interesting.” she points excitedly at the page.
Todoroki nearly leaps out of his seat, “Let me see that! What page are you on?” he scrambles for Momo’s textbook, his own falling haphazardly out of his lap. He nearly grabs the book, but Momo is too quick. She hops off of the couch, causing him to fall face first into the armrest of the couch, and raises the book over her head and starts laughing far too loud. Thank All Might they’re alone.
“You are too much Todoroki!” she says in between laughs, “Did you even read the play?”
Todoroki feels his cheeks burn as he peels himself off of the couch, “I skimmed it.”
“Not well enough to realize I was only kidding!” She tuts and shuts her book, holding it snugly under her arm.  “You’ve really got it bad.”
Todoroki narrows his eyes and gets up, “What does that even mean? You keep saying that and I still have no clue what you’re getting at.” He huffs and crosses his arms over his chest.
Now Momo sets down her book and puts both of her hands on his shoulders. She looks him straight in the mismatched eyes through narrowed slits. He forgets how she’s actually almost the same height as him and wishes he could avoid her stare.
“Todoroki. How long have you known me?”
“Uh, a long time?”
“How long?” she says sternly and grips his shoulders.
He blinks and looks past her, secretly hoping someone will walk into the lounge and force them apart, “I don’t know… maybe ten years?”
“Right. So how well do I know you?”
“Pretty well.”
“I’d say almost better than you know yourself. I know told myself I wasn’t going to meddle, but you’ve helped me so many times in the past and I really want to help you figure this out, Todoroki! You’ve gotta dig deep down and sort out some feelings that you’ve been harboring for a certain green haired friend of yours. Because, for all intents and purposes, you have  it  bad. And by it, I mean some extreme ‘let’s be more than friends’ feelings.”
Todoroki is pinned under her words. How could she make an accusation like that? Sure he spent a lot of time studying with Midoriya, training with Midoriya, and even more time thinking about Midoriya. But that didn’t mean he had…  feelings  for him? Just as he opens his mouth to protest, Momo interrupts him and says, “You wouldn’t have leapt out of your seat to see if you  actually  had an excuse to kiss him if you thought of him as only a friend Todoroki. Don’t you even try to argue that.”
Todoroki presses his lips into a thin line and looks away. His chest hurts so much, like his heart is burning a hole inside of him. Way hotter than anything he’d ever felt before, and his quirk is half fire.
He exhales and looks into Momo’s eyes again, “E-even if I did have feelings for Midoriya, which I’m not saying I do, now isn’t the time to tell him. We’ve got this play and training and I-”
“This play is the  perfect excuse to tell him!” she lets go of Todoroki’s shoulders. “You’ve been practicing lines with him right? Well, have him read for Viola when you practice. ”
“I’m pretty sure Ashido’s going to want to practice with me.” Todoroki interjects.
“Ashido won’t mind.” Momo smiles innocently.
Todoroki’s heart stops and his body temperature drops below zero, “You are not telling her.”
“According to you, there’s nothing to tell.” Momo rocks back and forth on her heels, clapping her hands behind her back. Todoroki walked right into her trap and derailed his train of thought.
“Regardless! I don’t want any more meddlers. I can only assume you’ve discussed this at length with Jirou.”
Momo purses her lips in thought, “Maybe once or twice it came up, yes.”
“Unbelievable.”
“Oh come on, you two would make such a cute couple.” She sighs and slumps back onto the couch, “Everyone agrees with me.”
“Everyone? I didn’t realize we go to UA, the premier matchmaking high school in Japan?!”  Todoroki seethes. It’s moments like this that give him a painful reminder that while he and his friends have experienced so much, far beyond their years, during their hero studies- they are still teenagers.
“Yes,” Momo agrees defiantly, “and as the the person with the highest grades in our class, it’s up to me to make sure the best matches are made.” She says facetiously, bringing her hand to her chest and fluttering her eyelashes.
“Thanks, I’m so lucky.” Todoroki rolls his eyes and sits back down next to Momo, he can feel a headache forming.
“Of course you are. Now, back to my plan. You rehearse your lines with Midoriya?”
Todoroki nods, rubbing his temples with closed eyes.
“So when you do rehearse with him, you need to make sure that you do the more romantic scenes with him. Or even better, you read for Antonio when he needs to practice his lines. Did you know there are many interpretations of the play where Antonio and Sebastian are actually lovers? Shakespeare really was a head of his time! Anyway, read the lines and see if sparks fly. If they do, boom! You know your feelings are requited.” Momo says with the confidence of a seasoned match-making pro.
“And if they don’t?” Todoroki opens his blue eye and looks over at Momo.
“Then Midoriya’s a really,  really  good actor.”
--
For every play the Shakespeare Workshop class performs, they must do a “cold reading” of the entire play before blocking, costumes, or anything else for that matter is decided. To Kaminari’s surprise, "cold reading” didn’t mean they read while Todoroki used his ice quirk to air condition the room. No, a “cold reading” was when the actors are asked to read a script they haven’t rehearsed.
Todoroki found this incredibly sadistic. Hearing is fellow classmates read at a grueling pace and hearing them trip over the english time and time again was complete torture. He felt so sorry for all the students who had leads the last three cold readings they performed. But now it’s his turn in the spotlight and he is incredibly underprepared.
He and Midoriya get to class early the day of the cold reading because they’d promised Midnight that they would help set up the desks. Midnight likes the desks situated in a circle because, “That way I can see all your lovely faces and we get a real, ‘round table feeling!’” Todoroki recalls her musings from the first class and shudders as he turns one of the desks in the front of the classroom to face the back.
“Are you okay?” Midoriya asks after the grating noise of the desk sliding across the floor faded. “I can be quieter!” He adds hastily.
Todoroki can see the worry in his green eyes, so he shakes his head. “No, it’s not you. I just had an unpleasant thought,” he says and goes back to flipping desks.
“Alright, if you’re sure? You seem kind of off today.” Midoriya picks up a desk with one hand and a chair in the other with ease, before he walks it out of the center of the semicircle taking shape.
“Well, I’m… I’m nervous about the cold reading.” Todoroki would never admit that to anyone but Midoriya; not even Momo. He knows Midoriya would never judge him for being nervous about something as silly as reading lines for a play. It makes his heart flutter a little knowing that he doesn’t have to worry.
“You’re going to be fine! Once you start reading, you really get the hang of it pretty quickly.” Midoriya chirps and sets down the desk and chair. “Do you want me to sit across from you? You can pretend you’re only talking to me if it’ll make you feel better?” Midoriya offers with a small smile and picks up another desk.
Todoroki would like that very much, but instead he says,  “You don’t need to do that.” He feels betrayed by himself for the millionth time as he says it. He made a promise to Momo that he would “search his feelings” and “make a move” the night they spent in the lounge. He did quite a bit of soul searching and realized that, maybe he does like Midoriya? He’s still not entirely sure because every time he tried to act upon the feelings the bubbled up inside of him, he would chicken out at the last minute. Was that a sign that he doesn’t like Midoriya as more than a friend? Or was it a sign that he  really likes Midoriya as more than a friend?
The constant back and forth makes Todoroki’s brain hurt.
“It’s okay, I want to help you.” Midoriya says in earnest, causing an invisible arrow to shoot right through Todoroki’s heart.
Feeling the blush rise up his neck to his cheeks, he quickly brought his hand up to cover his mouth. “Thank you. I appreciate it,” he mumbles into his hand and refuses to make eye contact with Midoriya, who simply nods and goes back to moving desks.
The rest of the class starts trickling into the classroom about five minutes later. They take their seats in the circle and talk idly amongst themselves while they wait for Midnight to make her grand entrance.
“I notice you’re not sitting next to Midoriya today.” Momo whispers to Todoroki whose nose is in his textbook. She looks over at Midoriya, who is sitting across from them in between Uraraka and Iida, and gives him a polite wave. He waves back smiling as always.
“He wants to sit across from me today.” Todoroki says into the textbook, re-reading his opening monologue for probably the fourteenth time since he sat down.
Momo raises an eyebrow and leans back into her chair, “Should I ask why?”
“I would prefer it if you didn’t. Do I say this as one word or do I break it up?” Todoroki dismisses Momo and points to a particularly long word on the page before him.
Leaning over, Momo squints at the page and glances back at Todoroki. “‘Notwithstanding’ is one word,” she says flatly.
“Thank you.” Todoroki sighs and shuts his textbook, “I think I’m ready.”
“We’ll see about that, my fair Duke Orsino!” Midnight’s voice echoes in the small classroom, causing Todoroki and several other students to nearly fall out of their chairs. She strides into the classroom with her usual jaunty air and sits in the desk left vacant for her in between Tsuyu and Aoyama. “I’ve seen many of you studying your scripts as I’ve walked through the common areas of UA’s campus and I must say I am touched! Look how far we’ve come since our first reading of  Julius Caesar !” Tears begin to well up in Midnight’s eyes. She removes her glasses and wipes her eyes with a monogrammed handkerchief that Aoyama quickly offered her.
“But enough of my sobbing, let’s get to the nitty gritty. Please open your books to page three hundred and seven and let’s begin. Sero, if you could please read the stage directions?” Midnight looks across from her seat and winks at Sero, who nods quickly with red stained cheeks in return.
“Excellent! Todoorki, take it away!”
Todoroki nods and reads with an even tone in one breath,
 
If music be the food of love, play on;  Give me excess of it, that, surfeiting,  The appetite may sicken, and so die.  That strain again! it had a dying fall:  O, it came o'er my ear like the sweet sound,  That breathes upon a bank of violets,  Stealing and giving odour! Enough; no more:  'Tis not so sweet now as it was before.  O spirit of love! how quick and fresh art thou,  That, notwithstanding thy capacity
 Receiveth as the sea, nought enters there,    Of what validity and pitch soe'er,    But falls into abatement and low price,    Even in a minute: so full of shapes is fancy    That it alone is high fantastical.
 
While he reads his monologue, he can feel Midoriya’s eyes on him. He knows that the green haired boy is practically on the edge of his seat- probably ready to spring into action if Todoroki needs help pronouncing a word. But Todoroki surprises himself. The first monologue goes off smoothly, Kirishima and Ashido even clap for him. Midoriya doesn’t clap, he just smiles and give Todoroki an encouraging thumbs up once he finishes. Now all he has to do is get through the rest of the play.
“Good work on the monologue Todoroki! I am proud of you for stepping up to the plate. If I were to make one critique, please make sure you add some contrast in your voice. You started to sound a little… oh what’s the word... ” Midnight’s voice trails off and she taps her manicured finger on her chin in thought.
“Like a robot.” Bakugo calls out. Everyone, including Midoriya, glares at him- but Midnight snaps her fingers and beames.
“Yes I couldn’t have said it better, Bakugou! Like a robot, please don’t sound like a robot! Let’s continue.”
Todoroki nodded and scribbled in his margins,  less robotic,  as Mineta reads his line. Maybe he should apply that note to how he acts in real life too?
--
“You shouldn’t pay any mind to what Kacchan said in class today.” Midoriya says as he and Todoroki walk to their dorms to drop off their books before the afternoon training session. “You didn’t sound like a robot, you only had a couple of mess ups and- for what it’s worth- I think you did really well for never having read so many lines before-”
“I messed up quite a bit, Midoriya.” Todoroki points out, kicking a rock on the ground and watching it bounce a few paces ahead of them. He’d secretly hoped Midoriya wouldn’t bring up Shakespeare Workshop on their walk, but he knew it was unavoidable since they’d  just finished that class. An hour and a half of torture and they didn’t even finish reading the entire play.
“As I said, it’s your first time doing this. It’ll get easier from here on out.” Midoriya reassures him and rushes up to the rock so he can kick it even further.
Todoroki chuckles and shakes his head, “I hope you’re right.”
“Of course I’m right! You’ve got the best acting coach in UA on your side.” He turns to face Todoroki, points to himself and winks. With the June breeze blowing through Midoriya’s curls, the sun peeking through the canopy of trees that covered them, and the sparkle in Midoriya’s eyes- Todoroki wishes could take a picture.
Todoroki stops walking and bows. “Thank you Midoriya for your kindness,” he says to his own feet before looking back up at Midoriya. There he goes again, being far too formal. It’s his default setting and he thinks it makes him sound insincere.
But Midoriya, sweet Midoriya, doesn’t seem to mind. He just laughs and runs his scarred fingers through his hair. “Aw, you don’t need to do that,” he says as a light blush tints his freckled cheeks.
Todoroki’s feels like he’s going to explode. The fact that Midoriya can render him speechless like this is incredibly unfair. He wishes he knew what to say instead of just staring back up at Midoriya, still bowing, like a complete idiot. It reminded him of a passage Ashido read today,
 A blank, my lord. She never told her love,    But let concealment, like a worm i' the bud,    Feed on her damask cheek. She pined in thought,    And with a green and yellow melancholy    She sat like patience on a monument,    Smiling at grief.
 
While in class he didn’t realize it, but now it hits him like a punch to the face- it’s him. Keeping his “feelings” bottled up inside isn’t doing him any good and pining for Midoriya isn’t going to get him anywhere. What he needs to do is act, just like Momo said, lest he become “sick with love.”
“Come on,” Midoriya says as he extends his hand, “we’d better hurry or else we’re going to be late for training.”
Todoroki takes Midoriya’s hand and notices how warm it is compared to his, even if Midoriya just so happens to be holding his right hand. In that moment, Todoroki does something crazy. He interlaces their fingers and leads Midoriya towards the dorms in silence.

 Was not this love indeed? 




Chapter End Notes
Guess what I have now?? AN AMAZING BETA FOR THIS FIC. I would like to thank Ran on AO3 (aka lvnce-mcclain on tumblr) for all their help. Correcting my grammar, spelling, literally everything! Ran is the best and is making this fic, like, a million times better. 
Anyway, enough of that gush fest, thank you kind reader for your patronage! I am but a humble bard telling the tale of two stupid boys who are bad at emotions. 
Things are gonna get spicier next chapter~


Chapter 3
Chapter Summary
Staging rehearsals begin and Todoroki notices something... troubling?
Chapter Notes
You know what I love? Tension.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




After the cold read is complete, the next step in the rehearsal process is to begin staging rehearsals. The nice thing about staging rehearsals are they take place during class. So if you aren’t in scene that is being rehearsed, you don’t have to go to class. This arrangement was one of the contributing factors to Todoroki’s ability to complete the two research essays required in Shakespeare Workshop early. While the rest of his peers griped about rehearsals on top of writing their papers, Todoroki kept his mouth shut in contempt.But now that he’s a lead he has to attend almost all of the staging rehearsals, much to his chagrin. Based on the few that he’s been to, he knows they’re long and boring. Midnight will often go off on tangents about how Shakespeare would have wanted the scene to be interpreted and the importance of keeping the author’s intentions in mind when staging a show. Todoroki found her long winded speeches counterproductive since she had yet to put on a production that was actually set in the period of the plays. Their production of  Julius Caesar  took place in a modern day high school,  Hamlet  took place during post World War Two Europe, and  Measure for Measure took place in a robo-cyberpunk futuristic… planet? Todoroki still didn’t quite get what Midnight was going for.Sitting on the large stage of the UA Auditorium, he half listens to Midnight’s speal about how their production of  The Twelfth Night  will, finally, be performed in Elizabethan costuming and be set in Illyria, in the Baltic Peninsula, “as Shakespeare intended it to be!”Which, in Todoroki’s brain, ultimately translated to- “We’re not doing a weird interpretation of this play that will embarrass you for the rest of your life.”“We are so lucky to have Yaoyorozu, who is able to help us create these beautiful costumes! We are going to finish off this class with a bang!” Midnight muses, clapping her hands together excitedly and practically squealing with joy.Momo stands up from her cross legged seat on the stage floor and raises her voice to say, “I’m going to need all of you to come see me at some point so I can get your measurements. I’ll also be taking pictures of you all so I can get an idea of your body types.”“What are you gonna do with those pictures after you’re done with ‘em?” Kaminari pipes up and waggles his eyebrows as he elbow Ojiro who looks incredibly uncomfortable being dragged into Kaminari’s lewd musings.“Delete them or burn them. Whichever comes first.” Momo snaps back at him, crossing her arms over her chest.Mineta raises his hand and opens his mouth to speak, but before he can utter a word, Momo is already yelling, “And you must wear clothes while I take the pictures. No stripping will be necessary.”Disappointed, Mineta lowers his hand.“Alright, if we are all finished with that, let’s get to staging. I would like to start with some scenes with Viola and Olivia?” Midnight looks over to Ashido and Uraraka, who nod in unison and stand with their scripts tucked under their arms. Everyone else in the cast clears the stage, finding a place to watch in the wings with open scripts and pencils ready.Naturally, Todoroki finds a spot next to Midoriya up stage left near a pile of lumber that will be used to create the set - a spot where they can talk without worrying about getting yelled at for not paying attention.“Everyone find act one, scene five. We will start with when Olivia removes her veil.” Ashido and Uraraka make their way towards center stage. Uraraka sits in a chair, placing her script in her lap, and Ashido stands to Uraraka’s left. The entire auditorium is silent save the hum of the air conditioning and faint buzzing of the stage lights.“Since we’ve already done staging for three plays, I’m leaving this one up to all of you. Ladies, do whatever feels natural to you. Sero will be taking notes.” Midnight says before turning on her heels and sauntering out into the house with Sero trailing close behind.The wings are filled with murmurs.“Is she serious?” Came from the up stage right wing.“Why do we have to do this too?” Sounded from the lip of the stage.“I’m not  that creative.” Todoroki saw Kaminari gripe as he rolled over onto his stomach and began doodling in his script.“This is exciting. I didn’t think Midnight would give us this responsibility since she’s so picky with blocking. I can’t wait to do my scenes now.” Midoriya whispers excitedly to Todoroki, causing his skin to tingle and hair to stand on end.“How many scenes are you in?” Todoroki leans in and whispers back. He likes the way Midoriya’s voice sounds when he whispers more than his own.   Midoriya holds up his script and runs his fingers along some neon orange post-it notes sticking out of the pages. “These are the scenes I’m in. It didn’t take long to find them, but I wanted to make sure I already knew exactly where they were, just incase Midnight wanted to block them right away,” he says with a toothy grin.“That’s very smart of you.” Todoroki says, pushing his long bangs back and looking down at his own book. He imagines what it would look like if he’d made the same preparations as Midoriya. It’d probably look like a mess of orange tabs.“I’m sure I’m not the only one who did something like this. I think Momo did the same thing to her book.” Midoriya chuckles and rubs the back of his head. He truly doesn’t give himself enough credit and Todoroki wants to tell him that. It’s the perfect opportunity to help him get closer to Midoriya by letting his feelings be known.But before he can, Midnight’s voice echoes from the house, “Quiet on stage! Ladies you may begin when you’re ready!”Uraraka and Ashido nod before taking a beat, lowering their heads. Once their heads come up they are, for lack of a better word, performing.“No sir, what is your text?” Uraraka’s usual cheerful voice is gone and replaced with a stern, inquisitive tone. Her eyes are no longer soft and inviting like a warm cup of hot cocoa, but sharp and calculating. It makes Todoroki’s own eyes widen and mouth drop. He can see Midoriya’s face is just as aghast as his own out of the corner of his eye and for some strange reason, he feels his stomach flip.Ashido, puts a hand on her chest in an incredibly familiar way, which worsens Todoroki’s sour feeling, and quips, “Most sweet lady-”“A comfortable doctrine, and much may be said of it. Where lies your text?” Uraraka snaps, her words hang in the air for a beat. Todoroki straightens his posture and continues to watch Midoriya. The green haired boy rests his head in his hands, elbows perched on his knees, and leans forward. He’s concentrating on the girls’ performance as he would when he’s analyzing quirks, with complete and undivided attention.“In Orsino’s bosom.” Ashido says while walking behind Uraraka’s chair, taking slow and wide steps.Uraraka glances down at her script before she turns her head and looks up at Ashido, “In his bosom? In what chapter of his bosom?”Ashido purses her lips and looks to the ceiling, “To answer by the method, in the first of his heart.”Uraraka frowns,  “Oh, I have read it. It is heresy. Have you no more to say?” Todoroki knows he should be paying attention to what’s happening in the scene, but he can’t. The sight of Midoriya practically hanging on Uraraka’s every line- almost as if she’s using her quirk with her words to draw Midoriya in- is incredibly distracting and makes him… he can’t think of the right word. Mad isn’t correct. Neither is sad. Frustrated? Maybe? Whatever the emotion, he knows that he doesn’t like it.The click of Ashido’s footsteps as she makes her way around Uraraka’s chair after an exchange of a few lines brings Tododoki’s focus back to what’s happening in the play. However, he’s quickly pulled into another crazy reality as she situates herself in a posture that is all too familiar to Todoroki; legs a little more than hip width distance apart and leaning slightly forward with hands placed on her hips. “'Tis beauty truly blent, whose red and white nature’s own sweet and cunning hand laid on. Lady, you are the cruel’st she alive if you will lead these graces to the grave and leave the world no copy,” she says with a crinkle in her nose and upturned lips, lilting her head to the side.“Midoriya, why is-”“Ashido moving like me?” Midoriya turns his head to regard Todoroki.He hit the nail on the head. “Yeah, why is she moving like you?” Todoroki asks and swallows.Midoriya uncrosses his legs, stretches them out to a wide angle. “Well, we figured if she’s going to be playing someone who is disguised as a boy, she’s going to need to move and act like a boy. It only makes sense that she have a boy to study and emulate, right? And who better to copy than her  Twelfth Night sibling!” He giggles, leaning back on his elbows and looking up at Todoroki with a glint in his eye.“How long has she been studying you?”Midoriya purses his lips and looks up at the ceiling, a perfect copy of how Ashido did not even a minute ago, “It’s gotta be a week now.”“She’s very convincing.” Todoroki’s voice wavers, she’s almost too convincing. If he had poor eyesight, and didn’t have Midoriya literally sitting right next to him, he would’ve thought Midoriya performed Ashido’s part in a pink wig. Her mannerisms, her body language, even the way her voice delivered her next set of lines reminds him of Midoriya.Which makes watching Uraraka’s performance even more unbearable.“If I did love you in my master’s flame, with such a suffering, such a deadly life, in your denial I would find no sense; I would not understand it.” Ashdio steps closer to Uraraka and puts her hand on the back of the chair while her other holds her script.Uraraka eyes Ashido and straightens her posture. “Why, what would you?” she asks curiously as one does when they know they are being flirted with.Ashido quickly discards her script and scrambles to one knee, nearly falling as Midoriya probably would, with her hand still on the back of the chair. She leans in so her and Uraraka’s face are inches apart. “Make me a willow cabin at your gate and call upon my soul within the house. Write loyal cantons of contemned love and sing them loud even in the dead of night. Halloo your name to the reverberate hills and make the babbling gossip of the air cry out “Olivia!” Oh, you should not rest between the elements of air and earth, but you should pity me,” she delivers with near perfect clarity in the disposition of a titillated Midoriya.Todoroki gets up and excuses himself without a word. He just barely hears Midoriya call after him to wait until Midnight dismisses them for a break.--Thankfully, there is no one in the bathroom when Todoroki barges through the door and rushes to the sinks. He knows it won’t really do much to help, but he cranks the faucet so hot, well lukewarm, water begins pouring out and sticks his iced over arm underneath it.Flare ups from the left side are something Todoroki is always ready to deal with, but this? The last time Todoroki’s right side acted up was when his quirk first started manifesting back when he was a kid. Even then, his father made certain that “mistakes” such as these never happened more than once. Now all of a sudden he’s losing control?Just as the thought crosses his mind, the door to the bathroom opens with a creak and Midoriya sticks his head inside. “Todoroki-kun, Midnight wanted me to tell you that you need to get back to rehearsal, we’re going to be jumping to one of your scenes,”  his eyes flicker from Todoroki’s face to his arm that’s shoved in the sink back to his face again. “Uh, do you need any help?” Midoriya says with uncertainty.Todoroki looks down at his arm, which is no longer covered in a layer of ice, and shakes his head. “Tell her I’ll be back in a minute. And I think I’m alright, I appreciate you offering,” he says and shuts off the running water. “My right side is acting up for some reason.” Todoroki walks over to the paper towel dispenser and rubs droplets of water off his arm. It still feels unnaturally cold, but at least it’s not making any ice.Midoriya’s eyebrows shoot up and and his eyes widen. “But that never happens! Usually it’s your left side that causes you problems. And even then you’ve improved so much it doesn’t make sense for you not to have close to complete control over both aspects of your quirk,” Midoriya pulls out his pocket size hero’s journal and starts jotting down notes and muttering to himself about possible causes of this mishap.“Maybe it’s the stress from this play?” Todoroki offers even though he knows that’s not it. If it was a direct result of stress from the play, this would’ve happened two weeks ago. More likely than not, it had to do with the fact that Ashido and Uraraka’s performance upset him in a way that hit him so hard, he can finally put a name to the feeling he felt before.“That could be!” Midoriya jots down that one last note and shoves his miniature notepad back into his back pocket. “I’ll see what information I can gather. If this happens again, let me know. I’m going to figure out why this happened don’t you worry!” Midoriya gives Todoroki a reassuring grin that makes the sinking feeling in his stomach worse. He doesn’t want Midoriya to go poking around for answers because the fact of the matter is-“I’ll be sure to let you know.”Midoriya nods flashes him a thumbs up at his answer. “Let’s get back to practice before Midnight sends Sero to come find us,” he urges.Todoroki nods right back, discards his wet paper towel in the trash, and follows Midoriya down the hall back to the auditorium two paces behind, reeling.--“So let me get this straight, you’re not coming to movie night?” Momo asks Todoroki for probably the millionth time. Her asking crossed the line of prodding to incessant about an hour ago. And now, she’s basically yelling her question loud enough for everyone in the cafeteria to hear.“That’s right.” Todoroki says before taking a bite of his soba. Remaining calm is vital, he can’t afford another flare up, or rather ice over.“But we’re watching a production of the play, it’s our homework Todoroki! You can’t just not do your homework!” Momo’s brow crinkles and her eyes flicker worry.“I’m going to movie night and I’m not even in the class.” Jirou adds, taking a slurp of her soda and leaning back into her chair. Todoroki narrows his eyes and glares at her, he doesn’t need this from someone who isn’t even in his class and doesn’t understand the gravity of his turmoil.“Exactly! So you should be there Todoroki.” Momo whines and crosses her arms over her chest with a huff.Todoroki sets down his chopsticks and pats his mouth with his napkin. “If you’re nervous  about me not completing my homework, let me set your mind at ease. I’d rather watch a production and take notes on it by myself. I’m sure the rest of the class won’t mind,” he keeps his voice low and even. He isn’t in the mood to argue with Momo, especially not in such a public place like the cafeteria. Maybe if they were in his room- or even hers- he would let her in on why he  really  didn’t want to go to movie night, but not here. Not in a room with Midoriya in earshot.“But we want you there Todoroki!” Momo pleads.Jirou finishes slurping her soda and sighs, “Yeah, you’ve just started coming to movie nights, don’t regress dude.”Ice patches begin to form on Todoroki’s right arm and he can feel his blood run cold. “I’m sorry, but are you in Shakespeare Workshop?” Todoroki snaps, and immediately regrets it. Eyebrows high, eyes wide, and mouth pressed into a thin line, Jirou exhales long and slow. Her face changes from its usual creamy pale color to scarlet with each word, “I’m sorry but who are you to act like a stuck up little p-”“Please don’t argue! I’m sorry I even brought it up!” Momo interjects hastily, cearly wanting to diffuse the situation.Jirou’s death glare is on Momo now, which makes the other girl yelp. “You always do this. You always excuse his shitty behavior because you’ve got this stupid big sister complex with him.”“I do not have a big sister complex.”Jirou gets up from her seat and picks up her dinner tray. “Yeah you do and I’m getting sick of it,” she seethes as she stomps, thanks to the combat boots she always wears, away to throw out her trash and make her way back to the dorms with clenched fists. Momo stands up and bites her lip in worry as she watches Jirou go. Once the earjack hero is out of sight, she’s glowering at Todoroki.“Look what you just did. Now I’m going to have to apologize. She’s not going to sit with us for a week now, thanks a lot.” Momo hisses and snatches her dinner tray and storms off as well, leaving Todoroki alone with his half eaten soba.This is just great, the two people he could confide in are mad at him. Of course it’s his fault that this happened. He should’ve just kept calm, or even better kept his mouth shut. The half eaten soba stares at him, saying “you’re a fuck up Todoroki” and “you don’t deserve happiness or friendship Todoroki.” Disgusted with himself, and the soba, he exits the cafeteria.By the time he gets to his room and falls onto his futon with a thump to scroll through Twitter on his phone to find some memes to cheer him up, he has five missed calls from Momo and a text message from Midoriya.Maybe he sould take his phone off of ‘do not disturb’ once and a while. He clicks on Midoriya’s message first, he’ll deal with whatever Momo has to say later. 
 Midoriya (17:13) 
hey! are you bringin’ anything to movie night :D Todoroki stares at the text and feels his mouth go dry. He doesn’t want to go to this movie night at all. On the other hand, Midoriya did just text him about going to movie night. Maybe Midoriya’s checking up on him to see if he’s going? 
 Todoroki (17:25) 
No, I won’t be attending. 
 Midoriya (17:25) 
aw boo! why not D: Because being in the same room as Midoriya and Uraraka sitting next to each other, probably huddled close under a blanket, and joking together is the single most unappealing thing Todoroki has ever thought of. But he would never admit that Midoriya. 
 Todoroki (17:26) 
I want to take notes while I watch and I can’t do that in peace if I’m at movie night. Which isn’t a complete lie, so he didn’t feel bad sending it. 
 Midoriya (17:28) 
that’s a great idea! can i join you?? i’ll bring popcorn!! :D Todoroki reads that single line of text over and over again for a good minute. He even shuts his phone off and turns it back on, the message is still there. Hands shaking, he sits up, dials Momo’s phone number, and brings his cell phone up to his ear. After three rings, Momo picks up.“Look Todoroki-kun, I know you’re frustrated about this whole play and whatever is going on between you and Midoriya, but you have to-”“Midoriya wants to watch the play with me. Alone. Tonight.”There is silence from the other end and then a different voice rings in Todoroki’s ear. “We’re coming over to your room. Don’t you dare go anywhere else. You can apologize for being a douche canoe to me later. You’ve got a very persuasive school Mom,” Jirou says flatly and hangs up.



Chapter End Notes
Teenagers, amirite? I'm such a sucker for all the Tododeku tropes it's not even funny. So you know I'm literally trying to cram them all into this fic, which is exactly what Shakespeare would've wanted.Anyway, than you friends for reading my fic!! Thank you to everyone who's been keeping up with my weekly updates. And a SUPER SPECIAL thank you to my Beta Ran!! I'll (hopefully) see you next week~Find me at celestial13-fic.tumblr.com !


Chapter 4
Chapter Summary
Midoriya comes over to watch the movie with Todoroki~
Chapter Notes
Hey fam, you're getting an early update this week because I'm going to be busy tomorrow~ Enjoy!!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




 Knock Knock Knock, Todoroki springs from a reclined position on his futon. It’s been exactly five minutes since he texted Midoriya to let him know that he was ready to watch the movie. Not that he was counting or anything.When he opens the door Midoriya is beaming from ear to ear, as always, and holding his script under one arm and a bowl of popcorn in the other. “Art thou ready to get inspired?!” he says in a burly, over dramatic tone that is reminiscent of All Might as he walks into Todoroki’s room.Todoroki wants to laugh, but instead he presses his lips together, bites them on the inside, and nods.Midoriya’s attention turns to Todoroki’s futon which has his laptop set up on one end and a pile of pillows on the other. “Are we gonna watch on your futon?” Midoriya turns towards Todoroki and nods his head over towards the set-up.Again, Todoroki wants to say, “Yeah, I thought we’d be more comfortable watching it there than on the floor,” or something like that. Instead, he bites his lips even harder and nods; hoping that Midoriya won’t notice the steady rise in room temperature.“Nice!” Midoriya sets down his things and gets situated, crawling onto the futon and getting comfortable among some fluffy pillows. He pats the spot next to his. “Well don’t just stand there! C’mon take a seat!” Midoriya smiles so wide that his eyes begin to squint and his freckles seem to stretch across his face.The only positive thing to ever come out of Endeavor’s training is Todoroki’s will power. Training with that old bastard gave him the power to withstand any sort of torture; or in this case soul crushing moments cuteness from Midoriya. Jirou’s “plan” might not end in heartache…--“You want me to confess to Midoriya tonight?” Todoroki raises an eyebrow and swallows.Jirou shakes her head and starts to pace in front of his futon, “No, not confess. You just need to test the waters. Get a close encounter and see how he reacts.”“A close encounter?” Both eyebrows raise.“You mean like if there’s a romantic scene in the movie and he and Midoriya just so happen to be inching closer and closer to each other?” Momo acts out the scene as she describes it with an unsuspecting Todoroki, bringing their faces only inches apart. He and Momo are incredibly close, she was his first kiss (A kiss that Todoroki doesn’t count as legitimate. After all, they were five years old.) but the thought of something so ridiculous ever happening between him and Midoriya makes him blush a shade of red to rival his own hair color. Hastily pushing Momo away, Todoroki stands up and walks to the other side of the room to calm himself down.“Bingo!” Jirou snaps her fingers, “Something like that. Also, that was really sexy.”Momo giggles and winks, “I knew you’d enjoy it.”“Can we please drop this and focus.” Todoroki seethes from his corner. He can’t believe those two are flirting at a time like this.“Relax, we’ve got plenty o’time. So much time, in fact, you’d even have enough to spare some seconds to apologize to me for being a total douche canoe.” Jirou cocks her head to the side and smiles, scrunching her nose and squinting her eyes.Todoroki rolls his eyes, “I’m sorry, for the millionth time, for being a ‘douche canoe’. Now, come on, Midoriya’s waiting for me to text him back when to come over. I don’t want to be rude,” or give him the idea that he doesn’t want him to come over. “What we need to do now is make this place… cozy.” Jirou eyes every inch of Todoroki’s room. There aren’t any particularly cozy aspects to it, but that’s what you get when your room is Japanese styled with tatami flooring.Jirou walks over to Todoroki’s closet and slides open the door. “You got any more pillows?” She pokes her head inside and surveys the boxes that are labeled “winter clothes” and “extra supplies”.“Top shelf. What are you going to do with them?” Todoroki turns and looks at Jirou, who is now standing her tiptoes and reaching as if her quirk made her limbs turn into elastic.“Make your drab room cozy, duh!” her voice creaks as she struggles to stretch her body.Momo gets up from the bed and conjures a stepping ladder for her. She sets it down next to Jirou, who immediately relaxes and exhales the breath she must’ve been holding. “Thank you, you’re an angel,” she sighs and scoots the ladder into the closet with her foot.“N-no problem.” Momo blushes and starts to play with her hair as Jirou scoops every pillow she can find into her arms.Todoroki frowns. He hopes he doesn’t look like that when Midoriya does something nice for him, but he sure he probably looks a million times worse.Jirou steps down from the small ladder with a mountain of pillows in tow. The pillow mound with legs wobbles over to Todoroki’s futon. With a “hup!” Jirou heaves the pillows onto the futon and dusts off her hands. “Now this is cozy,” she puts her hands on her hips, admiring her handy work.“It looks like a pile of pillows.” Todoroki deadpans from his corner.Momo shakes her head and crosses her arms. “You’re unbelieveable,” she tuts as she walks over to the bed. “You have to organize the pillows. It’ll look better after I…” Momo’s voice trails off as she moves pillows into a meticulous order. Lager, fluffier pillows in the back and smaller, firmer pillows (Perfect for hugging during moments of tension during the movie, as she puts it) in the front.“There! Much better.” Momo beams and places her hands on her hips.Jirou shrugs and huffs, “I still think my pillow pile was fine.”Even though Todoroki doesn’t want to admit it, the pillow arrangement does make his bed look incredibly comfy.“It’s a shame you don’t have any string lights or a blanket, that would make this bed set-up look even more romantic.” Momo tilts her head to the side and closes one eye. “What a shame,” she sighs.“Dude, what are you even talking about? You can just make some.” Jirou points out.Todoroki was going to walk towards his bed, but Jirou’s comment stops him. The image of himself and Midoriya all warm and snuggly under a thick blanket in a bed of pillows, Midoriya’s face looking radiant under the luminescent string lights that are in the shape of stars, punches him in the face and leaves him prone to this god awful pounding in his chest.“It would make a nice addition, but we need to take notes while we watch the movie. So the extra lights will be pointless,” he manages to choke out and shoves the thought of him and Midoriya getting dangerously close in a sea of blue light into the deepest corners of his mind.“We’ll come more prepared next time.” Jirou assures and goes to draw Todoroki’s blinds shut. “Our stage is set, fair my Todoroki. It is up to you to seal the deal and create the conditions for a teenage dream to come to fruition. Lest your true love’s attention be captured by someone shitty!” She says in her best Shakespearean impersonation, clutching her chest and raising a fist to the sky.“You know, if you took Shakespeare Workshop, you’d know why your joke is incredibly unfunny and inaccurate.”“Sorry I’m not fluent in iambic pentameter.” Jirou sticks out her tongue and gives Todoroki a loud raspberry.“She’s right though. Use this movie night as an opportunity to see if your feelings are maybe requited? What have you got to lose?” Momo offers with an encouraging smile.What does he have to lose? His everything. If this “plan” doesn’t work, he could lose the person he cares about more than anything in the world. A fate worse than death in his opinion.“You’ve gotta take this chance, Shouto.” Momo adds, her voice carrying more weight than it did before.Todoroki sighs, noticing how a puff of condensation leaves his mouth. “Alright, I’ll see where this movie night goes, I guess.” After all, what does he got to lose?--Everything is going pretty well. Nearly though act one, Todoroki and Midoriya sit in comfortable silence with their scripts open and eyes on the screen. Malvolio and Olivia are arguing, so neither of them have to write anything down. Midoriya shovels popcorn into his mouth while Todoroki takes some in his hand and eats at a much slower pace. Some might be put off by Midoriya’s eating habits when it comes to snack food, but Todoroki doesn’t mind. It’s pretty easy to ignore, considering he actually finds Midoriya’s ability to eat so fast and breathe at the same time fascinating.  Their eyes are glued to the screen as the captivating Olivia urges Malvolio to run after Cesario, they don’t even notice their hands reaching for the popcorn at the same time. Upon contact, Todoroki freezes and his heart climbs into his throat. Out of the corner of his eye, he looks to see his hand resting on top of Midoriya’s own stunned hand. He doesn’t dare to look at Midoriya’s face, even though he wants to.“I do I know not what, and fear to find mine eye too great a flatterer for my mind. Fate, show thy force: ourselves we do not owe; what is decreed must be, and be this so.” Olivia’s final aside and the applause from the crowd fills the dead air between them.Todoroki slowly removes his hand from Midoriya’s and sets it on top of his book, still looking at his computer screen. He can hear Midoriya let out a sigh and pick up his mechanical pencil, clicking the top three times.
 Act II Scene i, The beach coast 
At the sight of the black title card, Midoriya is already scribbling notes in his script, before his character sets foot on stage, as if nothing happened. The man in the movie playing Sebastian is dressed in all white with long red hair. The costume reminds Todoroki of his hair, which makes him hate it. Sebastian is followed by another gentleman, Antonio according to his script.“Will you stay no longer? nor will you not that I go with you?” Antonio projects to Sebastian. All words after that fade as Todoroki racks his brain trying to remember who was assigned the role of Antonio. He does remember Momo said something about how some interpretations of the play Antonio and Sebastian off as lovers. After drawing a blank, he asks Midoriya, “Hey, do you know who’s playing Antonio?”“That would be Kacchan.” Midoriya says as he continues to write down his observations.Todoroki’s eyes widen and his eyebrows raise, “Bakugou is Antonio? But he was just Hamlet?”“Alas the day!” The Antonio from the movie groans.“Yeah, I know right? He’s pretty mad about it. He was banking on getting a small role in this one so he can finish his final essay.” Midoriya says into his book as twirls is mechanical pencil in his fingers.“I’d be pretty upset too.” Todoroki admits.“And he’s not really on board with Midnight’s interpretation of his character.” Midoriya adds and drops his pencil.“O good Antonio, forgive me your trouble.” Movie Sebastian pleas.“What’s Midnight’s interpretation?” Todoroki asks even though he knows the answer to his question, but wants it to be fake with every fiber of his being.“If you will not murder me for my love, let me be your servant.”“She wants Kacchan to be in love with me. I’m pretty sure she’s gonna have us, uhm, kiss?” Movie Antonio and Midoriya say their piece at the same time. Midoriya’s voice is quiet and unsure, like he’s apologizing for doing something wrong. He looks over at Todoroki with equally apologetic eyes.Todoroki’s stomach jerked violently. And here he thought the worst thing that could happen tonight was he’d find out Midoriya doesn’t actually like him. Nope. The worst thing is this.Midoriya’s eyes flicker to Todoroki’s arm and then back to Todoroki’s expressionless face. “Uh, Todoroki-kun? Are you okay?” He asks as he reaches for Todoroki’s right arm.Todoroki brings his left hand to his right side before Midoriya can move any closer. Steam sizzles and rises off of Todoroki and he nods. “I’m fine. Let’s continue watching the movie.”He’s not fine. He’s not fine. He’s not fucking fine.--They watch the rest of the play without saying another word and after nearly three hours of taking notes and trying to comprehend the nuances of a true Elizabethan Era performance, Midoriya and Todoroki were spent.“Thanks for watching the movie with me.” Todoroki says as the credits roll, breaking their silence.“I should be thaking you. I’m no fun to watch school movies with because I get so into what I’m watching, I basically shut everyone out. People don’t like it when you don’t talk to them during movies.” He chuckles and shuts his script.“People shouldn’t talk during movies.”Midoriya nods and stretches. “Yep, yet here we are; living in a world where it’s acceptable to talk during movies.”“They should make a hero agency where heroes go to movie theatres and tell people to stop talking during movies.”At the suggestion, Midoriya’s eyes light up. “Oh man! That’d be hilarious! Could you imagine someone having a quirk that forces people to not talk during movies?” He says excitedly as he hops onto his knees.Todoroki closes his book and brings his hand to his chin, “I wonder what their hero name would be? ‘The No Talker?’”Midoriya breaks out into a fit of laughter and falls backward into the futon, “The No Talker! That’s too good Todoroki-kun!”Todoroki smiles and shrugs, “It’s just a suggestion, you could probably come up with something better.”“No I can’t!” Midoriya grips stomach and rolls onto his side so he can look at Todoroki. “Your joke is too good, anything I come up with is gonna sound like garbage.” His dark green fall in front of his face and bounce with each laugh.“That’s not true.” Todoroki actually says out loud, surprising himself.Midoriya sits up and scoots closer to Todoroki, moving the popcorn to the side and pushing his hair out of his face. “Yeah it is, you’re so funny Todoroki-kun.”“I’m not  that funny.” He looks away and can feel the blush creeping into his cheeks.“Yes you are.”“Tell me one funny thing I’ve done, besides what I just did!” Todoroki quickly adds, shooting Midoriya a skeptical look, as the other teen opens his mouth to answer.Midoriya hums and taps his chin with his index finger. “Well, there was that one time Kaminari and Sero made a ‘that’s what she said’ and you didn’t understand it was a joke and you kept on asking them what’s so funny?”Todoroki shakes his head in disapproval. “I don’t think that one counts,” he remembers that encounter and it wasn’t a funny experience for him. The statement “It wont fit, it’s too big” is forever blacklisted from his vocabulary. If anything, the instance proved that UA should offer a more in depth health class.“It so does count! It was comedy gold!” Midoriya argues, scooting even closer.“Nope, I don’t think so.”“Then what does count?”“Nothing.”“Nothing?”“Nothing.”“ Nothing ?”“Nothing.” It’s in this moment when Todoroki realizes he and Midoriya’s noses are practically touching. How did they get this close? From this distance, Todoroki can see every freckle mapped out clearly on his face. He can see shimmering green covered by thick eyelashes that are lowering and fluttering ever so slightly. He can see parted lips that are cracked from biting them too much. He’s never kissed anyone before, nor did he ever want to. But with Midoriya, it’s an entirely different story. He wants to kiss his lip so badly. He wants to kiss them until they turn red and swollen. Most importantly, his posessive side wants to taste them before Bakugou does.Midoriya’s brow crinkles and he swallows. “Uhm, is it warm in here?” He exhales shakily.Todoroki winces, “I’m sorry.” He murmurs his lame apology and bites the inside of his cheek. He backs away and d places his right hand somewhere on his left arm. The icy-hot sensation sends a shiver down his spine.“N-no, it’s fine. I was just wondering if it was you or me and I guess it’s actually you because wow, I feel extremely warm right now I should probably give you your personal space back! Would you look at the time, wow! It’s already almost midnight, what do you know. Uh, I guess I should get going then? Thanks again for the movie night Todoroki-kun. I’ll see you tomorrow!” Midoriya rambles as he hurriedly, and haphazardly, pulls away and gathers his things and practically trips out of Todoroki’s room.The door slams behind Midoriya before Todoroki can say goodbye. Slowly, he rests his head on the pillow where Midoriya once leaned against. It still smells like him, pine trees and citrus. Todoroki hugs the pillow to his chest and inhales deeply.He was so close.-- 
 Todoroki (23:15)  
Thanks for watching the play with me. 
 Midoriya (23:16) 
no problem ! i had a really fun time, sorry for running out >__<i thought i heard the curfew bell and didnt want to get caught staying out to late 
 Todoroki (23:16)  
It’s fine. I would’ve done the same. 
 Midoriya (23:17)  
haha ! yea sometimes its hard to hear the bell from your room :\ 
 Todoroki (23:17)  
I guess. 
 Midoriya (23:18)  
not that you have a bad room or smthn !! its just i get distracted easily 
 Todoroki (23:18) 
Distracted? 
 Midoriya (23:18)   
like i lose track of time !! ^-^;; tbh i didnt even notice the movie was 3 hours long 
 Todoroki (23:19)  
Likewise. 
 Midoriya (23:20)  
alright imma go to bed nownight Todoroki-kun :3 
 Todoroki (23:21)  
Night Midoriya.(: Todoroki shuts his phone and shoves it under his pillow. He pulls his blanket up and over his head and groans into his pillow, which still smells like Midoriya. When all the air leaves his lungs, he pokes his head out of the blanket tunnel he created. He knows he’s not going to get much sleep tonight. Not only will he be tortured by thoughts of Uraraka and Midoriya becoming a couple because of this production, but Midoriya and Bakugou kissing.  Kissing on the lips.  Resigning himself to a sleepless existence, he stares at the ceiling until he hears the songs of crows and sees the rising sun peek through his curtains.



Chapter End Notes
So, for the part when Todo was imagining himself and Deku under the string lights, I imagine the backtrack to "Go Gina" by SZA is playing in the background. (you can find it here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KrRddTOy_IY) AS ALWAYS thank you so much for reading and your support. A hUGE thank you to my beta Ran for helpin' me with my words because me bad at grammar. And thank you to purple_child for sharing an AMAZING video of the Globe's production of "Twelfth Night" with me. Finally, find me on tumblr @celestial13-fic Next week, we go from spicy to spicier.


Chapter 5
Chapter Summary
What kind of shenanigans happen when you go three days without sleeping? Because Todoroki can tell exactly what happens when you go three days without sleeping.
Chapter Notes
Did I say I love tension? That was a lie; I love strain and anxiety to the point of tears.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




The first day Todoroki goes without sleep it isn’t noticeable. Sure his movements are slow, but no one pays him any mind. Especially since everyone at UA is always a little sluggish on a Saturday morning.The second day, he trips more than he usually does, which is almost never, but other than that he was still a functional human being. He eats breakfast sluggishly and attempts to go on a jog. However, he soon gives up when he realizes the once straight path of the running track becomes warped in his sleep deprived vision. Doing his written homework is a total bust since he can’t seem to make his hand write any characters without making them all look like they are written by a five year old. The productive thing Todoroki manages to do is rehearse his lines with some of his classmates in an unofficial rehearsal run by Sero.“It’s the only time we’ll be able to get any blocking done without wasting twenty minutes on some ridiculous story.” Sero says to his classmates at the beginning of the impromptu rehearsal.Even then, Todoroki finds himself incredibly distracted by Midoriya’s closeness with Bakugou and Uraraka. Todoroki should expect Midoriya to be close to Uraraka because they are best friends and anyone can see that they’re just friends. However there’s still a nagging, amplified by the lack of sleep and sight of Uraraka’s and Midoriya’s knees touching as they sit on a bench together, that asks him  what if they were more than that? And there’s no denying that Midnight’s casting decision to put Midoriya and Bakugou opposite each other is brilliant. Since they’ve known each other for so long and have such an interesting past, their stage chemistry is electric. Bakugo’s acerbic way of speaking and pointed stare juxtaposed with Midoriya’s soft spokenness and tender glances render the entire class speechless as they watch the two interact during the unofficial rehearsal. Their opposites work so well and create a tension that will make anyone break out into a nervous sweat.Todoroki doesn’t sweat, he seethes as he watches Bakugou capture Midoriya’s hand in a scene they’re rehearsing. A icy fire burns inside him ignites as Bakugou pulls Midoriya into him and delivers the line with his usual guttural tone,“I could not stay behind you: my desire, more sharp than filed steel, did spur me forth; and not all love to see you, though so much as might have drawn one to a longer voyage, but jealousy what might befall your travel, being skilless in these parts; which to a stranger, unguided and unfriended, often prove rough and inhospitable; my willing love, the rather by these arguments of fear, set forth in your pursuit.”Several of Todoroki’s classmates swoon at the exchange, much to Bakugo’s annoyance. They shout things like “Yes get it!” or “Just make out already!”; which prompts the blonde to break out in a fit of stomping and spewing threats towards his classmates about getting their “asses kicked” strung together by obscenities. Todoroki wants to shout something too, but he is far too reserved, and doesn’t want Midoriya to think less of him, to ever say it out loud.That night, Todoroki lays in his bed trying to rationalize just why he can’t fall asleep. The fact that Midoriya has to kiss Bakugou isn’t  that  big of a deal, after all, he has to kiss Ashido himself. They’re just actors in a play, the feelings that the characters have aren’t their own, so this shouldn’t keep him awake. He groans and turns to his side, drawing some of his blankets into himself. More  what if’s buzz in his mind like flies around a dead animal.
 What if Midoriya kisses Bakugou and realizes he wants to kiss him more? 

 What if Todoroki tells Midoriya that he likes him but Midoriya reveals he’s been interested in Bakugou the entire time? 

 What if Bakugou actually has feelings for Midoriya, realizing all those years of aggression were actually years of conflicted love, confesses before Todoroki can? 
The last thought is what gets Todoroki to finally get out of bed and drag his feet to the bathroom with a towel in hand. Thankfully, no one else is in the boys wash room at three in the morning, so Todoroki turns on one of the showers and stands under the running water for what seems like hours.He watches the water trip off of his hair and plop onto the floor. Each droplet is a day he wastes keeping his feelings to himself, ultimately going down the drain. If he likes Midoriya he should just tell him, right? Even if the worst case scenario is Midoriya ends up rejecting him and terminating their friendship, at least he spoke his mind. And if he keeps waiting, Midoriya will surely fall for someone else. Why can’t he bring himself to actually say something?Defeated, Todoroki shuts off the water and dries himself before going back to his room.--It is now the third day Todoroki hasn’t slept.One would think after three days straight without rest, the human body would shut down. That Todoroki should be a walking zombie by now. But he’s hanging on by the last threads of his sanity and struggling through his day with glazed over eyes.“Are you okay?” Momo asks him during lunch. He’s staring into his meal, which he thinks is a bento, but he’s not entirely sure. It honestly looks like a mess of white, green, and… brown?“Todoroki? Are you listening?” Momo’s voice has a tinge of worry in it. She places her hand on Todoroki’s shoulder and he immediately flinches away. It’s lucky that his quirk didn’t activate, considering how it’s been acting up lately. But in this exhausted state, Todoroki can’t use is quirk; even if he tried.Momo’s eyebrows raise and she retracts her hand. “What is with you? You’ve been acting really weird for the past two days.”“And you already act weird to begin with.” Jirou adds. She takes a bite of her lunch and with her eyes closed and opens one to check Todoroki’s reaction.If this were any other day, Todoroki would’ve quipped right back at Jirou. Armed and ready to combat her wisecrack. Today, he just lifts his head and continues to stare at whatever’s in front of him, which happens to be an empty chair.Jirou nods her head and takes another bite of her lunch. “Yep, he’s gone. He’s somewhere else,” she says with her mouth full.Momo’s brow furrows. “Todoroki you need to get some sleep. Midnight will understand if you can’t make it to rehearsal.”Todoroki shakes his head no and mumbles some semblance of, “It’s fine I can make it.”“Todoroki I have no clue what you just said, you need to go to bed.” Momo’s brow furrows even deeper, if that’s even possible.Jirou whines in protest and swallows her food. “No, Mom, just let him go about his day comatose. It’ll be memes,” she urges as she rapidly hits the lunch table.“It will not be ‘memes’ Jirou.” Momo sits up a little straighter in her seat and eyes the earphone jack hero in training.“Did someone say memes?” A charged up voice calls from over Momo’s shoulder, “I love me a good meme, especially if it’s spicy. How spicy is this meme that we’re talking about?” Kaminai eagerly scoots around Momo and Todoroki and sits in the empty seat that Todoroki is staring at.“It depends. On a scale from not to Bakugou’s mom’s curry, it’s probably a the rumor about Tsuyu being able to-”“Could you not?!” Momo interjects, face twisted in disgust. The last thing she wants to do is think about  that  rumor.“Now that’s incredibly spicy.” Kaminari’s eyes glimmer and his lips curl mischievously.Jirou nods and points at Momo accusingly. “And our friend Momo over here wants to deprive we poor pilgrims of memes of some unbridled, Todoroki-centric, comedy gold.” she says dramatically with a quivering lip as her eyes shift over to the other girl.“How dare you!” Kaminari matches Jirou’s tone, “You would deprive us of memes!”“You realize if Todoroki continues his day like this, he’s going to end up getting hurt, or worse.” Momo nods her head over at paler than normal Todoroki who is still staring into outer space, swaying slightly from side to side with bags under his cloudy and red eyes. Kaminari and Jirou look at Todoroki, then at each other, then at Momo.“Or he’s going to become a meme legend. Momo, just let him come to rehearsal. We literally need him there for half the scenes we’re rehearsing today.” Kaminari says flatly but also slightly begging.Biting her lip, Momo weighs her options. On one hand, she didn’t feel like dragging Todoroki back to his dorm. But on the other she couldn’t just bring her oldest friend, like a lamb to the slaughter, to rehearsal in this state.“You could bring him to his room right after?” Jirou offers and Kaminari nods in agreement.“Yeah we can totally do that!” He affirms.Momo sighs and crosses her arms over her chest. “I’m going to ask Midnight to rehearse all the scenes he’s in first so we can get him out of there as soon as possible.”“That’s the spirit!” Kaminari cheers and applauds her.“When did Kaminari get here?” Todoroki rubs his eyes and finally mumbles something coherent, causing Jirou and the aforementioned blonde into a fit of laughter.“Rehearsal is going to be fuckin’ lit today. Ho-lee-shit.” Kaminari sighs in between giggles and wipes away a tear.--Before going to class, Momo insists Todoroki should get something to drink that will keep him awake. Jirou suggests coffee, but Todoroki hates coffee. He prefers black tea, which the cafeteria happens to be fresh out of. They end up settling on a five hour energy shot Kaminari has in his backpack.“How old is that drink?” Momo asks with her nose scrunched up in disgust as the four of them walk from the cafeteria to the UA auditorium.Kaminari shrugs and makes the universal  I don’t know noise. “I think I got it last week? Maybe last month? I’m pretty sure these things don’t go bad though,” he brings the little bottle up to his eyes and squints at the label.In a flash, Jirou swipes it from him and opens it. “Well it’s all we have. Have you ever taken a shot Todoroki?” She waggles her eyebrows at the barely alive Todoroki. She gives the drink a sniff and shivers.“What kind of question is that?” Momo narrows her eyes at Jirou.Jirou rolls her eyes, “Pfft, calm down Iida-sama, it’s just a joke. We all know our precious Todoroki would never partake in anything that’s fun or adventurous.”The dig breaks through the cloudiness of Todoroki’s mind and he snatches the drink out of Jirou’s hand. Never partake in anything fun or adventurous? He brings the small bottle to his lips and throws his head back. In one gulp, the energy drink is gone. Now that’ll make Jirou keep her big mouth shut.“Damn Todoroki you know how to pound those energy shots.” Jirou giggles and pats him on the back.A loud burp acts as Todoroki’s response. He shakes his head and blinks his eyes. With each blink, the world becomes slightly clearer and the underwater muffledness of his friends voices’ disappears. The only cause for concern is the faint buzzing sensation he feels creeping up his legs and arms.“Earth to Todoroki! Are you alive?!” Kaminari cups his hands over his mouth and shouts in Todoroki’s direction.With newfound vigor, and annoyance, Todoroki snaps his head to look at Kaminari. “Can you please lower your voice. You’re going to give me a headache. I need to get through this rehearsal,” he rubs his temples, shuts his eyes, and walks ahead of the group.The five hour energy drink enables him to start out the rehearsal strong, but the price of erasing three sleepless nights is incredibly great. A little half way through the rehearsal, Todoroki begins phasing in and out of consciousness, flip flopping from highly alert to something akin to the feeling of being intoxicated.Sitting on a bench with Ashido, he tries to concentrate on the scene. He’s alone with Cesario, Ashido, and the Clown named Feste, Tsuyu, is singing a song about love. Cesario, Ashido, just revealed to him that he’s in love with someone. The audience knows it’s Duke Orsino who Cesario loves, but Duke Orsino believes it to be someone else.Todoroki can relate to Viola/Cesario’s delema. Wanting to confess and  feeling the words you want to say be swallowed up by self doubt. Maybe Midnight should re-cast the show so he can play Viola; he wouldn’t even need to pretend to be lovesick.Ashido scoots a little closer to Todoroki and places her hand down on the bench, across from Todoroki’s. He knows he should react to his, but he keeps watching Tsuyu.She strums her guitar and croaks, “Not a friend, not a friend greet my poor corpse, where my bones shall be thrown-” Ashido moves her hand towards Todoroki’s until their fingers are barely touching. There’s something about this gesture that, again, reminds Todoroki of Midoriya. Cautiously inching towards him, just on the brink of contact.His hand moves on its own and closes the distance between their fingers. Ashido looks down at their intertwined hands, then back at Todoroki. He can feel her questioning eyes on him, so he turns his gaze to her.Ashido is a very pretty girl; curly pink hair to match her smooth pink skin, full lips that conceal an alluring smile, and burning eyes that remind you of the sun at high noon. She’s the object of many students’ affections in their year and others. He remembers that one year, she received at least five confessions in a month.With all her beauty and charm in Todoroki’s mind, she still doesn’t hold a candle to Midoriya. As Ashido leans in towards Todoroki, he’s transported back to his room the night he and Midoriya watched the movie of the play. Green eyes and freckles dusted in a pink blush are the only things he sees. Uneasiness and longing settle into his stomach as he lowers his eyes and moves closer to Midoriya. He’s going to do it this time, he’s going to show Midoriya how he feels.Lips press against Todoroki’s and an enormous weight lifts off of him. Kissing Midoriya feels… different than he expected. Midoriya’s lips are a lot softer than he expected them to be. Considering the amount of time Midoriya’s bottom lip spends worried between his teeth, Todoroki expected there to remnants of times the other boy split his lip in half.Midoriya also tastes different, like bubblegum instead of the citrus and pine that Todoroki is so accustomed to and has grown to love. As he starts to pull away, he feels Midoriya bring him back for more. This time, the other boy’s hand snakes around his neck, and draws him in. Midoriya kiss him slow and deep, capturing Todoroki’s bottom lip between his teeth. Reflexively, Todoroki shivers and sighs, opening his mouth slightly. Midoriya seizes the opportunity to flick his tongue inside Todoroki’s mouth.Just as Midoriya dives in for seconds, Todoroki is ripped away from Midoriya and falls to the ground.“Todoroki what the fuck are you doing? You’re not supposed to kiss Viola until the end of the play!” A red faced Sero scolds as he stands over him.Todoroki rubs his head. He’s no longer in his room, but on the stage floor in the UA auditorium. He blinks his eyes at Sero, trying to process what he just said. “I’m sorry, what?”Sero rolls his eyes and rubs his temples. “If you want to practice kissing Ashido so badly, you can do it on your own time when half the class isn’t here to watch you suck face,” he rebukes and stomps off of the stage. As he leaves, Todoroki can see Ashido breathing heavily, still sitting on the bench. Her matte pink lipstick is smudged and her face is flushed.Any feelings of sluggishness as a result from three days with no sleep are immediately gone. He is wide awake and, as he wipes his lips and sees matte pink on the backside of his hand, realizes he made a huge mistake.A uproarious laugh, which sounds like Kaminari’s, breaks out from the house and a hum of conversation from everyone sitting follows and fills Todoroki’s ears. Everyone saw him kiss Ashido. Which means Midoriya saw him kiss Ashido. No wait, it’s worse than that.Midoriya saw Todoroki “suck face” with Ashido.Todoroki stands and frantically runs into the aisles of house. He looks for Midoriya among his classmates, but the green haired boy is nowhere in sight. He notices that Uraraka and Iida are also missing.Momo quickly makes her way to Todoroki’s side with his backpack. “I knew this was a bad idea. I shouldn’t have listened to those two. Come on we’re going to your room,” her voice is rough as she grabs Todoroki by the arm and drags him out of the auditorium.--“Alright, what the fuck was going through your brain Todoroki? Because literally three days ago you were moping about having feelings for Midoriya and now you’re making-out with Ashido.” The incredibly vexed Momo asks as she slams Todoroki’s bedroom door behind her.Todoroki walks over to his futon and falls onto it face first. He mumbles a response into his pillow.“Todoroki I can’t understand what you’re saying if you talk like that. You need to tell me what happened.” She narrows her eyes and crosses her hands over her chest.With a drawn out groan, Todoroki sits up and racks his fingers through his hair. “I kissed Ashido because I phased out of rehearsal because I’m so fucking tired because I haven’t been sleeping because I can’t stop thinking about Midoriya being with someone else! Momo, I thought I was kissing Midoriya back there. You know I’d never make moves on Ahsido!”“Yeah, you’re not one to make moves period.” Momo scoffs and rolls her eyes.“Exactly! And now Midoriya’s going to think that I want to be with Ashido and he won’t believe me when I finally tell him how I feel!” Tears well up in Todoroki’s eyes, a very rare occurrence, and his head and heart pound with hurt and frustration. This is what he gets for not confessing to Midoriya sooner.Momo walks over to Todoroki’s futon and sits next to him. “Getting worked up isn’t going to do you any good. What you need get some sleep. I’ll try to dispel any rumors that might be churning. Tomorrow, you have to talk to Ashido and explain what happened, I’m sure she’ll understand.”Todoroki nods his head and wipes his eyes.“Then, you’re going to talk to Midoriya and tell him how you feel.”“I can’t do that.”Momo frowns, “Fine, give up and don’t talk to Midoriya, but you need to talk to Ashido and apologize before-” a vibrating noise comes from Momo’s backpack. She gets up and fishes her phone out of the front pocket.“Is that Jirou?” Todoroki asks.Momo sighs and shuts her phone. “You need sleep,” she affirms and goes digging through her backpack again. She pulls out a small capsule and throws it at Todoroki, hitting his chest.Todoroki winces and picks up the capsule from his lap. “What’s this?”“It’s the pills I was prescribed when I had a head cold. It knocks you out. Take one now.”“You know we’re not supposed to-”“Just take the fucking pill Todoroki, I am not in the mood to argue.” she says irate as she taps a text message on her phone.Within ten minutes of, begrudgingly, taking Momo’s medication, Todoroki is fast asleep and doesn’t wake up until seven in the morning two days later.--
 Uraraka  (14:17)  
Deku-kun’s been cryin in the bathroom for the past ten mins and won’t come outI promise I wont tell him but I need to kno so I can figure out a way to calm him downDoes Todoroki-kun have feelings for Ashdio-chan???? 
 Yaoyorozu (14:18)  
No. He doesn’t.Does Midoriya have feelings for Todoroki? 
 Uraraka  (14:18)  
I think thats pretty obvi ^_^;; 
 Yaoyorozu (14:19)  
Not to Todoroki. 
 Uraraka  (14:19)  
Womp womp wompDid he tell u why he kissed Ashido? 
 Yaoyorozu (14:19)  
Yeah, but I shouldn’t share.Just know it can be attributed to the lack of sleep he’s been getting.He wouldn’t have kissed her if he were in the right state of mind. 
 Uraraka (14:20)  
Gotcha!Ill use that when I talk to Deku-kunThank u !! 
 Yaoyorozu (14:20)  
No problem.Give Midoriya a hug for me. 



Chapter End Notes
I mean I told you guys it was gonna get spicier. Thank you so much for reading this chapter and a huge s/o to my Beta Ran !! Hopefully Todo will get his shit together next chapter. Don't forget to comment, kudo, and share with your Tododeku loving friends :) Also, if you wanna STEAL HER LOOK, Ashido's wearing "Be Legendary Lipstick" from Smashbox Thanks ~~


Chapter 6
Chapter Summary
Midoriya has some feelings that are complicated in more ways than one.
Chapter Notes
Sorry for the late update! Enjoy!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Midoriya likes Shakespeare Workshop. He enjoys learning about the different plays, doesn’t mind the confusing english, and actually has a good time when he goes on stage to act. The fact that almost all of his close friends, save Tokoyami, are in the class as well is a huge bonus. Sure, he would’ve survived if they weren’t, but performing is a million times easier when you’ve got friends to help you and cheer you on.With that in mind, Midoriya looks at Uraraka and Iida from where he’s sandwiched in between them and sighs with a smile. They’re watching Todoroki rehearse with Ashido from the house seats in the UA Auditorium. Midoriya practiced these lines with Todoroki yesterday, so he is listening with keen ears. Making sure that all the lines are correct and the nuances in the language shine through. Todoroki moves across the stage as if he were gliding on ice and shakes his head in disdain at the comment Ashido’s just made. Good, just like we practiced. Midoriya thinks before Todoroki delivers his line. Todoroki sometimes has trouble remembering his blocking, so Midoriya makes sure to practice that with him as well.“Too old by heaven: let still the woman take an elder than herself: so wears she to him, so sways she level in her husband's heart: for, boy, however we do praise ourselves, our fancies are more giddy and unfirm, more longing, wavering, sooner lost and worn, than women's are.” Todoroki says dismissively and clearly. Midoriya bites the inside of his cheek and inhales slowly.“I think it well, my Lord.” Ashido delivers her line.Todoroki points his finger at Ashido and wags it. “Then let thy love be younger than thyself, or thy affection cannot hold the bent; for women are as roses, whose fair flower being once display'd, doth fall that very hour,” he says with a chuckle. The breath Midoriya took is released in one push through his nostrils.“Geeze Midoriya I didn’t know you were watching someone perform open heart surgery.” Uraraka quips in a whisper.Midoriya releases the bit of cheek he’d bitten down on and turns to look at Uraraka who is giggling. “He always messes up that line and he finally got it.”“So attentive.” She says with a wink.“Can’t I be happy that Todoroki is doing well?” Of course he’s attentive, Todoroki is one of his best friends after all. Midoriya always gives his best friends his utmost attention and care. He can feel his cheeks grow warm and heart beat a little faster.Uraraka shrugs. “I guess you’re right. Considering the  extra hours you spend rehearsing with him… If you’re even rehearsing at all,” she brings her hands up to her cheeks so her mouth forms a squished, narrow eyed smile.Like a rising thermometer, a red blush spread up his neck to his entire freckled face. “S-shut-up!” he snaps and crosses his arms.“You two need to keep it down! Tsuyu is about to sing!” Iida scold whispers at his incredibly noisy friends.“Sorry Iida-kun.” Uraraka and Midoriya say at the same time and turn their attention back to the scene.Uraraka has no right to make assumptions like that, Midoriya thinks to himself as he watches Todoroki and Ashido take a seat on a bench while Tsuyu plays the opening to her song on her ukulele.It’s true that his feels for Todoroki are… complicated. He doesn’t mind making time to have extra rehearsals with the other boy, because he knows Todoroki would do the same for him. It’s the very nature of their friendship. But he would be lying if he said “I just want to help my friend” is the only reason why he wants to spend more time rehearsing with Todoroki.Very rarely does he get to spend time alone with Todoroki. Hero studies students are always encouraged to work in groups to prepare them for their inevitable hero team collaborations. Class 1-A studies together, eats together, exercises together, hell sometimes they all go to the bathroom at the same time. Needless to say, it’s incredibly challenging to conceal your complicated feelings for someone when you’re always in a group setting. Midoriya’s been caught staring at Todoroki by either Uraraka or Iida too many times to count.But when they’re alone, there’s no shame in looking at Todoroki for a little too long. He can fully appreciate how the other boy takes his time when reading his lines or how his face crinkles with frustration when he comes across a word he can’t pronounce without having to worry about judgemental eyes.Midoriya secretly loves it when that happens. How Todoroki’s blue and grey eyes narrow and his mouth presses into pursed frown; it’s too cute.Wait no, not cute. It’s… Midoriya doesn’t know. It’s the complicatedness that makes him unsure. There was a complicated moment a couple of nights ago when he got really close to Todoroki. So close that he could feel heat coming off of the other boy’s left side and it made Midoriya want to slip his eyes shut and see how far he could lean in until something happened.But of course nothing happened. If something did happen, it would make things even more complicated than they already are.Midoriya shivers, snapping out of his daze, and watches the scene again. Ashido is inching closer to Todoroki in accordance to the blocking. She rests her hand next to his and Todoroki brings his fingers to lace with Ashido’s. Wait, that’s not in the blocking?  Midoriya notes. Is Todoroki improvising? It fits with the emotions of the scene, but it seems a little out of place. The Duke is supposed to still be unsure about his feelings towards Cesario, not ready to take the next step.Ashido looks down at Todoroki’s hand and then up at him and Midoriya inches forward in his seat. In fact, everyone in the auditorium seems to be inching towards the stage from their seats. All side conversations cease and the only sound that fills the space is Tsuyu’s music.Todoroki turns his head slowly towards Ashido and he starts to lean in.“What is he doing?” Midoriya hears Sero hiss as he flips though his script, probably trying to see if he missed anything in his blocking notes.“Whatever he’s doing it’s brilliant! He’s finally showing initiative in his blocking!” Midnight cheers encouragingly.Normally Midoriya would agree with Midnight, but Todoroki and Ashido are getting dangerously close. With Todoroki’s slow movements and eyes slipping shut, almost like he’s not acting anymore and is actually trying to-“Holy shit.” Uraraka gasps as Todoroki and Ashido’s lips make contact.“Is he supposed to do that?” Iida begins flipping through his script as well to check his blocking notes.Midoriya shakes his head. “N-no he’s not,” he can feel his voice tremble and tears begin to gather in the corners of his eyes. This has to be some mistake, Todoroki knows he’s not supposed to kiss Ashido until the end. Why is he doing this and why does it make Midoriya’s chest feel like it’s on fire?As if things couldn’t get any worse, just as Todoroki pulls himself away, Ashido wraps her arms around Todoroki’s neck and kisses him again. Their mouths open and tongues begin to slide against each other.“That’s it!” Sero gets up from his seat and stomps over to the stage, ignoring Midnight’s protests, but Midoriya doesn’t even see this happen. His vision blurs and the next thing he knows, he’s running out of the auditorium with tears threatening to overflow. He can hear Uraraka and Iida scramble to their feet and chase after him.  One for All  courses through his legs and makes him run faster as he bursts through the doors of the auditorium. Not knowing where to go, Midoriya blindly runs to the right.“Midoriya! Come back!” Uraraka’s call echos in the, thankfully, empty hallway. He ignores her and keeps running until he reaches a single stall boy’s bathroom. In a split second, Midoriya practically rips the door open and slams it shut, locking it to keep the world out. He slumps down onto the floor, hugging his knees to his chest, and finally lets the tears he’d been holding back run down his cheeks with heavy sobs. The sight of Todoroki kissing someone else shouldn’t hurt as much as it does. Todoroki should be free to kiss whoever he wants. Why should Midoriya even care? But despite that, he does care; he cares a lot because he wants to kiss Todoroki. He wants to be the one bumping noses and running his fingers through red and white hair. He wants to sigh into Todoroki’s mouth and taste him until he’s past the point of being full.Thinking about it really,  really  fucking hurts.The door to the boy’s room jiggles and Iida shouts from the other side, “Midoriya please open up, Uraraka and I want to help you!”“Deku-kun just let us in!” Uraraka adds in an equally desperate tone and bangs on the door.“Please, go away!” Midoriya croaks and goes back to sobbing into his knees, the last thing he wants is for Uraraka and Iida to see him like this. Sometimes heroes cry too,  Todoroki’s words echo in his head and makes him cry even harder. Even if that’s true, he doesn’t want to be seen like this. Heartbroken and crying over something as stupid as a kiss when there much more lesser things he should be worrying about. The never ending tears dribble down his nose and fall onto his pants, creating a sizeable wet spots that continue to grow with each passing minute.“C’mon Deku-kun! I’m texting Momo and she says Todoroki didn’t mean to kiss Ashido!” Uraraka whines after a period of silence from the other side of the door.“I can confirm that Uraraka is telling the truth! Yaoyorozu just responded, and I quote ‘Just know it can be attributed to the lack of sleep he’s been getting. He wouldn’t have kissed her if he were in the right state of mind.’” Iida adds and then makes a noise that sounds like he got punched in the stomach.Uraraka hisses something to Iida that Midoriya can’t quite make out before she says, “So let us in, we know this sucks a lot for you. But we want to help make it better. Just let us in!”Weakly, Midoriya lifts his face from his knees and stares at the dark tear marks on his pants. They look like blobs. He probably looks like a blob too.“Izuku…?” Uraraka never calls him by his first name. He wipes his eyes and turns to unlock the door. In an instant, Midoriya topples to the ground with Uraraka and Iida on top of him, hugging and reassuring him that everything is going to be alright.--The next day, Todoroki isn’t in homeroom. As he sits in his desk and waits for class to begin, Midoriya steals several glances towards the doorway. The top half of his body is still, but his knee bounces up and down rapidly.“He’s not coming to class today.” A voice behind him says. Midoriya jumps in his seat, practically leaping up with the next bounce of his leg, and turns towards the voice. Momo is sitting at her desk and placing her textbook in the right hand corner of it.“He’s not coming to class today.” She repeats.“Who’s not coming to class?” Midoriya plays dumb.Momo sighs and rests her chin in her hand. “Todoroki’s not coming to class today. He’s really sick and is getting some rest.”Midoriya’s stomach can’t help but flip at the sound of the other boy’s name. “Oh, well that’s good. I’m glad he’s getting some rest so he can feel better soon,” he mumbles quickly and scratches his head. Is he really that obvious?“Midoriya-” Momo adds as he’s turning to face the front of the classroom.Midoriya stops and faces Momo again, “Yeah Yaoyorozu?”Momo opens her mouth to speak and then shuts it; her eyebrows furrow and she looks Midoriya right in the eyes and says, “I hope you feel better soon too and your secret’s safe with me.”Midoriya swallows. Of course Yaoyorozu would say something like that, she texted Uraraka while he cried his eyes out in the bathroom. And of course she knows who he cried over. What surprises Midoriya is her second comment.
 “Your secret’s safe with me.” 
The idea of his feelings for Todoroki being a secret never really crossed his mind. It certainly wasn’t public information, but a secret? A secret is something you hide from people, something you didn’t want people to know about.“Thank you.” Midoriya says weakly and turns back around. In that moment, he isn’t really sure if he wants people to know about his feelings because, regardless if Todoroki was in the right state of mind when he kissed Ashido, they’re probably all for nothing.--“Since Todoroki is absent, Sero will stand in for him and be on book during our rehearsal!” Midnight says at the start of rehearsal. Sero waves with his script in hand and flashes a pained smile.“It is important that we continue with our rehearsals because, as they say-”“The show must go on.” The entire class groans in unison from their seats.Midnight claps her hands together and nods. “Exactly! So let’s find our places for the last scene.Everyone shuffles to their spots on stage. Midoriya goes stage left with Ashido directly across from him stage right. In the scene they’re rehearsing, Midoriya is supposed to be dumbstruck; explaining with astonishment how he believed the man standing before him looked like his assumed dead sister. Feelings of awe and joy aren’t coming as easily to him. When he sees Ashido, all he can think about is the kiss. Ashido, who seems to be in an especially good mood today, waves at him, smiling so wide her eyes squint. There’s an unpleasant twist in his stomach. It’s not of worry, and certainly not of excitement. Midoriya does not want to wave back. He does anyway though. There’s a part of him, a part he never knew existed, that wants to walk over to Ashido and ask her how did it feel to kiss Todoroki? How did it feel to hold him? How did it feel to breath him in? And how did it feel to rip Midoriya’s heart out and stomp on it with what seems to be zero remorse right in front of his face? “We will start whoever you’re ready, Midoriya!” Midnight’s urging snaps Midoriya out of his daze. A chill run down his spine and his eye twitches; he immediately regrets having those thoughts. It’s not Ashido’s fault that Todoroki kissed her, he silently repeated to himself. Maybe if he thought it enough times, Midoriya might actually believe it.He takes a step forward and delivers his line. “I am sorry, madam, I have hurt your kinsman: But, had it been the brother of my blood, I must have done no less with wit and safety. You throw a strange regard upon me, and by that I do… I do… line?” Midoriya can suddenly feel the entire class’ eyes on him. It’s customary for someone to call “line” if they forget them, but it’s not customary for Midoriya. He always knows his lines and sometimes knows his classmates’. He’d rehearsed these lines two days ago and was completely off book. Then again, two days ago the image of Todoroki making out with Ashido wasn’t plaguing his mind.Sero’s eyebrows shoot up and he scrambles to find where Midoriya left off in the script. “I do perceive it…” he prompts.Midoriya nods and backtracks. “I do perceive it hath offended you: Pardon me, sweet one, even for the vows we made each other but so late ago,” he says a little too quickly and steps forward.“One face, one voice, one habit, and two persons, a natural perspective, that is and is not!” Sero delivers Todoroki’s line without any hint of drama or effort.Following his blocking to a T, Midoriya looks over Sero’s shoulder at Bakugou who is standing next to Ashido whose back is turned. “Antonio, O my dear Antonio! How have the hours… line?” He falters again thanks to another thought. Did Ashido go to see Todoroki after class? Did she go to comfort him in his room? Midoriya mentally kicks himself for not doing that. Whispers start to creep into Midoriya’s ear. He can’t make out the words, but he knows they’re about him. “The hours rack'd and tortured-”“The hours rack'd and tortured me, since I have lost thee!” Midoriya cuts Sero off and overprojects the line.Midnight walks up to the lip of the stage and calls Midoriya over, who drags his feet and avoids looking at any of his classmates. He kneels down and scoots close to Midnight. “Midoriya, are you alright? I can understand Kaminari messing up his lines, but you? You can tell me if something’s wrong,” she whispers with a look of concern on her face.Midoriya nods emphatically. “Yeah, I’m fine!” If being fine means your brain won’t stop conspiring against you, then yeah; Midoriya is one hundred percent fine.“Okay...” Midnight’s voice tapers off and she crosses her arms, taking a step back. “Let’s continue on,” she says to the cast and walks back to her seat. Midoriya hurries back to his spot as well and keeps his eyes glued on a spot in the back of the auditorium. Maybe if he doesn’t look at Ashido, the troubling thoughts will stop.Bakugou steps forward and says, “Sebastian are you?”“Fear'st thou that, Antonio?” Midoriya replies with a quick glance towards Bakugou.The blonde teen stomps over to Midoriya and eyes him skeptically. “How have you made division of yourself? An apple, cleft in two, is not more twin than these two creatures. Which is Sebastian?” He points to Midoriya and then over to Ashido. Midoriya’s eyes can’t help but follow Bakugou’s finger over to Ashido.“Most wonderful!” Uraraka squeals with delight from the other side of the stage.Midoriya has another line, but he doesn’t say it. Instead, he keeps staring at Ashido. If Todoroki were to kiss any girl in their class, he’s not surprised it was Ashido. With her soft pink skin, her charming smile, and- according to Kaminari- she has an “ass that doesn’t quit.” She’s also incredibly kind and is always willing to help her classmates. Why just last month, she rode her bike with Uraraka riding tandem to help the other girl get to the train station. And it was raining that day. They really would make a nice couple , Midoriya thinks bitterly as a hollowness fills his chest.“Midoriya!” Midnight calls as she storms back to the lip of the stage.“Yes!” He hiccups and wipes his face, he didn’t realize he’d been crying.“You’re done for today. Bakugou take him to his room, I don’t want him spacing out on his way back to the dorms.” Midnight commands.Bakugo points to himself and his face twists into a frown. “Why me!? I’m not responsible for him!”Midnight’s expression mirrors Bakugou’s. “Because I said so, just do it!”“Fine.” Bakugou grumbles through gritted teeth and grabs Midoriya by the arm, dragging off stage to get his books and usher him out of the auditorium.--The walk back to the dorms is quiet for the most part. Bakugou kicks rocks as they walk and grumbles to himself, “I can’t believe I got stuck taking shitty fucking Deku back to his room because he’s a fucking crybaby.”Midoriya doesn’t pay Bakugou’s insults any mind, he’s been saying stuff like that for as long as he can remember. He would be concerned if Bakugou  didn’t  say anything.After another string of curse filled grumbles, Bakugou shoves his hands in his pockets and glares at Midoriya. “If this has anything to do with that half-and-half bastard kissing Ashido I’m going to blast you right here right now,” he threatens.Midoriya stops in his tracks and feels his stomach drop to his feet. “What!? Why would-”“So it is about that then!” Bakugou shouts loud enough to cause some crows that were nestled in a nearby tree to take flight and fill the air with their calls.Midoriya slaps his hand over Bakugou’s mouth. “Keep your voice down! Someone’ll hear you!” He knows he sounds a little too desperate, but he doesn’t care. He frantically checks to see if any prying ears walk by.The volatile blonde grabs Midoriya by his wrist and pushes him away. “Good! You deserve getting kicked out of the stupid fucking rehearsal.”“I didn’t get kicked out.” Midoriya says from the ground and starts dusting himself off and rubbing some newly formed sore spots.“Why the fuck are we here then?!” Bakugo spits, his eyes are wild with frustration and anger.“I-I don’t know! I just… I can’t stop thinking about them together.” The tears come back and Midoriya chokes on his words. Of course he’s crying now, in front of Bakugou.The other boy crosses his arms across his chest and narrows his eyes. “Crying again isn’t going to fucking help you,” he says a little softer, but still incredibly gruff and unamused.“I-I know, but I can’t help it. It hurts so much.” Midoriya says in between sobs.After looking over his shoulder, Bakugou extends a hand towards Midoriya. “Get up.” Midoriya wipes his eyes with his jacket sleeve and blinks at Bakugou’s hand.“Take my hand and get the fuck up,” Bakugou growls and screws his eyes shut as if the gesture pained him.Midoriya sniffles, takes Bakugou’s hand, and is pulled to stand. “Thank you,” he says softly.“Tch, I just want to get this over with.” Bakugou dismisses him and lets go of Midoriya’s hand as soon as the other boy regains his footing, wiping the hand that once held Midoriya’s on his pants.Silence falls over them again until they approach the front door of the dorms. Bakugou clears his throat and scratches the back of his head. “You know, if half-and-half is gonna choose Ashido over you, then fucking good for him. But you shouldn’t let his choice make your life miserable,” he says to the ground.Midoriya’s eyes widen and he stops walking.“Also, you should probably talk to him.” Bakugou adds and stops as well, turning to face Midoriya. It’s funny how in times like these, Bakugou really shows his true colors. He may be rash and hot headed, but he is Midoriya’s friend. Midoriya feels his heart swell with appreciation for him.“Knowing how fucking stupid the both of you are, you’re probably not getting the whole picture.”



Chapter End Notes
I recently got an ask on Tumblr about writing something with "Jealous Midoriya" because there's not enough of that in the world. So here I am, creating the content that I wish to see in the world. Man, do I like "jealousy" tropes. Anyway, this is kinda the midpoint of the fic. I figured a little switch-a-roo in perspective would be a good way to switch things up. Plus, Todoroki is out for a day and I'm sure y'all wanted to know what was going on during rehearsals while he was recovering (poor bb). As always, thank you for reading and showing this fic your love!! Thank you to Ran, my fabulous beta, who never fails to keep my grammar and hyperbolic self in check. Next week will probably be another late update because I am going to KAUTSUCON in Washington, DC. So if you're going to Katsu, make sure to find me!! Just DM for those good details about my location ;D Make sure to say hi on Tumblr - celestial13-fic !! Up next- Todoroki wakes up.


Chapter 7
Chapter Summary
Todoroki wakes up and he's got some explaining to do.
Chapter Notes
~I'm baaaack~

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




The first thing Todoroki notices when he wakes up is he feels disgusting. As he blinks his eyes, he can feel little bits of eye crust in the corners. There are bits and pieces of ice flaking off of his right arm, which left a damp pool on the right side of his bed. And despite all this, and sudden pain of his full bladder, he pulls the covers up over his head. There’s still a faint buzz in the back of his head.  What time is it?  Todoroki pokes his head out from his blankets and squints at the clock. His room is dark, so he assumes that the illuminated 5:38 am.
 At least I slept more than a couple of hours,  he thinks as he stretches his legs and forces himself out of bed to first- use the toilet and second- take a shower to wash the clamminess away. Dragging his feet, Todoroki walks down the hallway with a towel in hand towards the communal showers. He opens the door slowly, making sure that no noise is made, and slips inside.
No one else is there, amazing. 
As Todoroki peels away his pajamas and steps into the shower, memories of yesterday creep back into his mind and leave a sour feeling in his stomach. Past the point of tired or not, he never should’ve trusted Kaminari to actually provide anything that would’ve helped him.
Now he has to do damage control. There’s not telling what kind of insane rumors have been flying around UA while he was asleep. He groans at the thought of all the people he’s going to have to explain himself to- Ashido, Midnight, Sero, Midoriya. Out of all of them, the highest priority is explaining himself to Midoriya.
After Todoroki finishes scrubbing himself until pale skin turns pink, he dries himself off and steps out of the shower. As he walks towards the door, he spots himself in the mirror. Water droplets fall from his bi colored hair and roll over the bumps and edges of his scar. It’s time for Todoroki to take the leap. He spent far too long dancing around his feelings and needs be transparent with Midoriya and say something,  anything  to him. The phrase  it’s now or never rings in his ears as he grips the edge of the sink and takes a deep breath.
He’s going to do it. It’s going to confess to Midoriya today.
The door to the boys room swings open with a loud boom. There’s only one person who lives on Todoroki’s floor that would make such a garish entrance. Sure enough, as Todoroki looked into the mirror past himself, Bakugou Katsuki saunters in towards the showers, already untying the drawstring to his pajama bottoms.
Todoroki freezes. Maybe if he stays still for long enough, Bakugou won’t see him?
“Are you just gonna stand there or are you gonna give me some fucking privacy?” Bakugou barks as he lets his pants drop.
Todoroki blinks at the reflection of the back of Bakugou’s head in the mirror. “Sorry,” he mumbles and hurries towards the door. As he opens the door Todoroki thinks he hears Bakugou mutter something along the lines of “fucking scar faced life ruiner”, but he hopes he’s only imagining things.
--
When Todoroki returns from the bathroom and checks his phone, he realizes he has a bunch missed text messages. Some from Momo, Jirou, his sister, and a number he doesn’t recognize.
He lies down on his futon and opens the number he doesn’t recognize first.
 

 (xxx) xxx-xxx 

heya Todoroki-kun !!!! :3c
it’s me Ashido !!!
Yaoyorozu gave me ur number
txt me when you get da chance :3c
 
 Whose side is she on? Todoroki thinks to himself and opens the message from Fuyumi. He’ll save the traitor for later.
 

 Fuyumi (sister) 

Going to see Mom tomorrow.
When is your play so I can tell her the date?
Thanks!
 
Todoroki quickly types a reply to his sister. Even though he doesn’t want anyone in his immediate family (even his understanding and non judgemental older sister) to come to the production, he can’t help but comply with her request.
 It’s in two weeks from Saturday. Which is crazy. The weeks have gone by so quickly since his class first started rehearsing the show. Soon it’ll be summer vacation and he’ll have to live at home again, which is incredibly unappealing to him. Nothing screams “summer fun” more than twelve hour training sessions with Endeavor. He rolls over onto his side and opens the text from Jirou next.
 

 Jirou 

im warning you right now
people are calling you “the heart crusher”
Todoroki brings his phone closer to his face and squints at the screen. “The heart crusher”? He hasn’t rejected Ashido yet, how could be possibly be the heart crusher? Knowing Ashido, she’s probably making some sort of joke. Todoroki rubs his face and finally opens Momo’s text messages.
 

 Momo 

Don’t be mad at me, but I gave Ashido your phone number
She wouldn’t stop bothering me
Please don’t be mad
 
That text makes Todoroki pause and roll his eyes. If anything, he’s more annoyed than mad that she would just give away his phone number.
 

 Momo  

I know you’re probably still asleep
But when you wake up, you need to call me
Something happened in rehearsal today
 
Todoroki checks the time. 6:10 am, Momo should be awake by now. He navigates to his address book and clicks on Momo’s contact and brings his cell phone up to his ear. The dial tone sounds like the how he feels. After five or so rings, a groggy voice answers.
“ Hello ?” Momo mumbles into Todoroki’s ear.
“It’s me. I’m awake.”
Momo’s tone immediately changes. “Holy shit, Todoroki?”
“Yes?”
There’s rustling on her end and the sound of something falling to the ground. “Shit… Uh Todoroki, do you know how long you’ve been asleep?”
“Well since I went to sleep at around three… A long time I guess?” Todoroki scratches his head and looks over at his window. The sun is starting to peek through the opening of his curtains. If all else goes to shit, at least the weather will be nice.
“Todoroki, you slept all day yesterday. It’s Wednesday.”
“That’s impossible. There’s no way I could’ve slept that long.”
“Anything’s possible Todoroki. Check the date on your phone.” Sure enough, the little calendar on his phone reveals that it is in fact Wednesday. He slept through an entire day.
“It’s Wednesday?” Todoroki parrots, completely breathless.
“Yeah, and you missed a lot. Are you going to breakfast?”
Right on cue, Todoroki’s stomach gurgles. “Is it open this early?” He really should eat, considering he skipped an entire day’s worth of food. But the possibility of running into Midoriya before he’s had enough time to mentally prepare himself weighs on his decision making.
“It should be. They open at five thirty because a lot of students train before classes and want to eat right after.”
Todoroki shifts to sit up. “Thanks for the offer, but I might just see what’s available in the common room.”
“If you’re worried about running into Midoriya, I doubt he’s going to be there. He doesn’t wake up early to run on Wednesdays.” Her tone is flat and sends a shock down Todoroki’s spine.
“I-I never said I didn’t want to go to get breakfast because-”
A chuckle from the other end of the line cuts him off. “Todoroki, I’ve known you since we were in diapers. You can’t hide anything from me.”
Todoroki bites the inside of his cheek and pouts, refusing to give Momo the satisfaction of a confirmation.
“Meet me in ten, I’ve got a lot to catch you up on.”
--
As Momo predicted, Midoriya is nowhere to be found in the large cafeteria. In fact, there’s barely anyone there- which is surprising since it’s so nice outside. Todoroki figured that it would’ve been packed with student’s who just finished their morning training. They’re seated next to one of the large ceiling to floor windows that overlook the UA campus and parts of Musutafu. While the view is impressive, Todoroki wishes that the building overlooked a valley or something less urban. Even his home, which is also located in Musutafu, has a garden- why can’t UA?
“You feeling better?” Momo asks and brings Todoroki’s attention back to breakfast. He looks down at his bowls of rice and soup and hears his stomach growl.
“I’ll take that as a yes?” Momo giggles as she begins peeling her orange.
Todoroki nods. “My head still kind of hurts though.”
“That’s a side effect of the medicine, it’ll pass soon.”
“Good to know.” Todoroki sighs and picks up his bowl of soup, bringing it to his lips and taking a sip. As he swallows, its warmth spreads through his chest and he shivers.
“Anyway, you didn’t miss much yesterday regarding work. Since exams are coming up we just got our study packets, don’t worry I managed to snag one for you, and Aizawa talked to us about starting to get our resumés together for the next round of internships.” Momo pops an orange slice into her mouth.
Todoroki stops chewing his rice and swallows, “I’m probably going to be at my father’s agency again.”  
Momo raises an eyebrow and sets down the orange slice she was about to eat. “I thought we weren’t allowed to be at the same agency twice?”
Todoroki shakes his head. “When you’re Endeavor, everything is allowed,” if there is a way to keep his son under his thumb, Todoroki is certain Endeavor would find a way to bend the rules.
Momo brings her hand up to cover her mouth. “That stinks, I’m really sorry, Todoroki,” she says with her mouth full of orange.
Todoroki shrugs and eats another chopstick scoops worth of rice; he’s used to it by now.
“So, uhm, yeah most of our classes were pretty boring.”
“Most?”
“Yeah, as you can probably imagine, rehearsal was pretty interesting. Actually-” Momo stops and looks around before leaning closer towards Todoroki, “Midoriya got kicked out of rehearsal,” she whispers.
“Midoriya got kicked out of rehearsal?” Todoroki repeats slowly and narrows his eyes. The words sound incredibly wrong when they leave his mouth.  Bakugou got kicked out of rehearsal  or  Mineta got thrown out of rehearsal  sounds about right, but Midoriya?
Momo nods. “I don’t know why, but he kept on messing up his lines-”
“That’s impossible, Midoriya knows all his lines.” There’s a slight edge to Todoroki’s voice which makes Momo’s eyes widen.
“Well he messed up during rehearsal and it got to the point where, I guess, he got so frustrated or something he just started crying and Midnight made Bakugou take him back to his room.”
Todoroki’s stomach lurches. “Did Bakugou come back to rehearsal after that?” If Todoroki were at rehearsal, he could’ve taken Midoriya back to his room. Surely Midnight would’ve asked him. Why did it have to be Bakugou? He would’ve preferred anyone else, even Uraraka.
“Yeah, but he did within five minutes left of rehearsal. Rest assured, Midnight gave him an earful when he got back.”
 That’s it, Todoroki thinks to himself. Surely Bakugou used that extra time to comfort Midoriya and make his move. There’s not a doubt in Todoroki’s mind. He’s read this situation a million times over in his sister’s light novels. Bakugou brings Midoriya up to his room, they talk, and suddenly realize that all their problems were just romantic tension between them. Whatever was bothering Midoriya before ceases to matter and they embrace and, even worse, kiss so much that they lose track of time.
This never would’ve happened if he just got some damn sleep. He could’ve been the one to be there for Midoriya. The happy ending would’ve been his. Now it’s gone, Todoroki lost. Even though he didn’t even get the chance to fight. Now what is he going to do? He can’t just confess to Midoriya now.
“Are you sure you’re alright Todoroki?” Again, Momo’s voice breaks through his downward spiral. He considers brushing her off like he always does, but this situation is bad. And he suddenly realizes, he can’t handle it alone.
“No. I’m not okay. Momo, I really messed up with Midoriya, didn’t I?”
Clearly not expecting his honesty, Momo blinks dumbly at him. “I’m not sure what that has to do with this conversation, but based on the events that have transpired I can confidently say that yeah- you messed up a little. But it’s okay! Just talk to him and I’m sure you can clear things up.”
“I can’t do that.”
Momo’s brows furrow and she slams her fist on the table. “Todoroki Shouto you are the worst. Just when I think you’re taking a step forward, you take two steps back. Just. Talk. To. Midoriya,” she jeers.
Todoroki hesitates before he settles on another excuse. She’s right, he is the worst. “I- I need to clear things up with Ashido first. The sooner I diffuse those rumors, the better.”
Momo crosses her arms across her chest and leans back in her chair. “I guess that’s valid, you have her number now so you can just text her.”
“Yeah, thanks for that.” Todoroki deadpans.
“Better she got it from me than someone else like Kaminari or Jirou.”
Todoroki glowers at her as he takes out his phone to text Ashido to meet him before class. “Speaking Jirou, she texted me saying I’m the ‘heart crusher’? What’s that about? Does it have to do with Ashido?”
“I’m going to kill her.” Momo grumbles under her breath and avoids looking Todoroki in the eye.
“Excuse me?” Todoroki asks with a raised eyebrow. His phone vibrates with a response from Ashido.
 

 Ashido (07:17)  

i wuz just about to txt u !!
lets meet on da bench near da lecture halls !!
 
“It’s nothing, Jirou’s just being Jirou.” Momo dismisses him and eats another orange slice. There’s a part of Todoroki that doesn’t believe her, but that part is being drowned out by the part that’s formulating what the fuck he’s going to say to Ashido.
--
As Todoroki walks towards the lecture halls about an hour later, Ashido is waiting for him on the bench. She’s swinging her legs and gazing up at the tree that covers her in shade with a carefree smile on her face. The sight makes Todoroki feel bad for what he’s about to do.
At the sound of his footsteps drawing near, Ashido’s attention turns to Todoroki. Her smile grows two times its size and she waves eagerly. “Todoroki-kun! Over here!” She gestures to the empty space next to her.
Todoroki walks over and sits, leaving a considerable amount of distance between them and setting his satchel down at his feet. Ashido blinks at this and scoots closer next to him. “So, how are you feeling? We missed you in rehearsal yesterday,” she asks and starts to swing her feet again.
“Much better, thank you. Actually, Ashido, I wanted to talk to you about rehearsal-”
“Me too! These past two days have been pretty eventful,” she interrupts and places her hands down on the bench, using them to support her self so she can lean closer towards Todoroki.
Todoroki quickly inches away and rubs the back of his neck. “So I’ve heard. Look, Ashido, you know that I didn’t want to… I didn’t mean to-”
“Kiss me? I know, it’s okay.” Ashido finishes his sentence cheerfully.
“I’m sorry if you were expecting something more, but the truth is- Wait? Did you say it’s okay?” Todoroki was prepared to deliver a rejection that was gentle, but firm. Complete with explanations of why it would be impossible for them to date without explicitly revealing that he actually has feelings for Midoriya and reassuring sentiments of “I know you’ll find someone eventually who’s perfect for you.”
But Ashido singlehandedly threw all that out the window. She nods and grabs Todoroki’s hand. “Yeah. I’m not going to lie, kissing you was great and any time you need someone to practice on, don’t ever hesitate to call me. But I know you’re not interested in someone like me, Todoroki-kun. Am I right? You have feelings for someone else?” She squeezes Todoroki’s hand and looks him dead in the eye.
Todoroki swallows. “You’re not wrong,” while birds chirp and the leaves of the trees rustle, there’s a moment of silence between them.
“I could tell by the way you kissed me. If you don’t mind me asking, who were you thinking of?” Ashido whispers and her eyes seem to glimmer. It’s as if she knows how grave of a secret this is and is trying to prove that she can be trusted with this information.
Todoroki looks at his lap and his voice falters. “I- I don’t know if I-”
“Get a fucking room you assholes!” Bakugou’s snarl forces its way into their conversation and brings Todoroki’s attention to most of his classmates walking to class.
“If you need, you can use my room!” Kaminari calls out with a chuckle and a thumbs up. Right on cue, Tsuyu hits him on the back of his head with her powerful tongue.
“There’s no need for that.” She scolds him and sends an apologetic glance Ashido and Todoroki’s way. Kaminari’s comment doesn’t even phase Todoroki because his eyes lock with a certain green eyed classmate who is wearing an incredibly doleful expression. It’s at that moment he realizes he’s still holding Ashido’s hand. He tugs his hand away and forces his gaze away from Midoriya. He doesn’t dare look back at them.
Once the crowd passes, Ashido stands and puts on her backpack. “So you like Midoriya, huh?” she asks softly and smiles at Todoroki.
A flare licks his left shoulder at the correct accusation and Todoroki quickly brings his right hand over to snuff it out. Ashido breaks out into a fit of giggles, clutching her stomach while doubled over.
“That’s so adorable, you two would make a cute couple.” She says in between laughs.
Todoroki feels his cheeks flush and he bites the inside of his cheek. “How did you know I like Midoriya?” he asks barely above a whisper.
Ashido’s laughing calms down and she stretches her arms up and over her head, causing her shirt to ride up a little. “I didn’t notice until now, since you two are so close and all. But out of everyone who passed us, you found Midoriya’s eyes so quickly and once you did, you let go of my hand. You wouldn’t do that if you didn’t like him as more than a friend,” she winks and sets off towards class.
Todoroki scrambles to his feet, throwing his satchel over his shoulder, and rushes next to Ashido. “Are you going to say anything?”
“Of course not! Where’s the fun in that? Your secret’s safe with me. What we’ve gotta do now is get you two together! It’ll be just like a Shakespeare play!” Ashido cheers and nudges Todoroki’s shoulder with hers, making him lose his footing and trip slightly.



Chapter End Notes
**** ASHIDO JOINS THE PARTY ****
(I know Uraraka just won best girl at the Anime Awards, but I truly believe in my heart of hearts that Ashido is best girl and she needs to be featured more in fics because she's amazing.) 
Phew! That took a lot longer than expected, but I'm here now!! Thank you all so much for your patience, these past two weeks have been bonkers. As always, thanks to Ran for being a super, amazing, fantastic beta. And a special thanks to you, the reader, because y'all don't get enough love. We're getting close to the finish line fam!! Get excited :D


Chapter 8
Chapter Summary
Hanging out with Ashido has its advantages and disadvantages.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Even though Todoroki is glad Ashido forgave him for unintentionally making out with her, he wishes she would leave him alone for a couple of reasons. First and foremost being since she started palling around with him, he’s been unable to make amends with Midoriya. When Todoroki tried to talk to the green haired boy after their awkward encounter outside of the UA classroom building, Midoriya got up from his desk and bolted out of the classroom to All Might only knows where and returning just as the bell for class rang. Every other attempt he made following that mishap resulted in a similar way. The worst being the next day at lunch when he, with Ashido trailing behind him like a baby duckling following its mother, went to take his usual seat in the cafeteria, Midoriya shoved the contents of his bento down his throat and hurried out before Todoroki could take the free seat next to him.
The second reason he wishes Ashido would leave him be is not only does she constantly try to engage him in conversation, she is incredibly nosy. Even more so than Momo and Jirou, which is a pretty high level of intrusiveness to beat. Todoroki knows her intentions aren’t bad, but you don't casually ask someone you  just became friends with, “So how many sex dreams have you had about Midoriya?” That question alone broke his four month streak of not setting off the fire alarm in the dorms.
The one good thing about her refusal to leave his side is they accomplished a lot of much needed practice for the play. Since Midoriya started avoiding him, Ashido took his place as Todoroki’s official line studying partner and she’s been nothing but encouraging towards him in regards to his relationship problems.
“I think you should try and talk to him again today.” Ashido interjects as Todoroki is midline, they're rehearse in the common room after their classes concluded for the day despite the fact that they already ran through the entire production during the official rehearsal.
Todoroki stops his monologue and crosses his arms over his chest. “Are you going to follow me?” He asks with a raised eyebrow. It’s been five days since they first started hanging out and she gave him so much “advice” on how to win Midoriya back. Too bad all of her advice usually involved tactics that made him wildly uncomfortable; like climbing into his room at night or scorching the words "I’m sorry, I like you" somewhere on UA’s campus.
Ashido squirms and purses her lips, “If I don’t follow you, how will I know if you’re messing it up?”
“You realize that Midoriya is avoiding me because you are always with me.” Todoroki frowns.
“You don’t know that for sure.” Ashido says dismissively.
“I tried to sit near him during rehearsal and he didn’t move until you came and sat next to me.”
“Okay, you may have a point, but I don’t see why-”
Todoroki clears his throat and looks at her dead in her eyes. “Ashido. I need to do this on my own. It’s been almost a week since the incident and I’ve gotten nowhere. You need let me do this on my own.” He feels a weight lift from his chest after he expresses his feelings. There's no telling if Ashdio being there will cause a different outcome, but it’s worth a shot. He has to take a chance, he wants to feel even more weightless when he confesses to Midoriya. 
Ashido blinks a few times and crosses her arms, turning away from him. “I think you’re making a mistake, but whatever. I can’t stop you. I just want to help,” she  humphs .
Todoroki smiles and walks over to pat her on the head. “You’ll be helping me more than you’d ever know if you let me confront Midoriya by myself.”
She turns her head and the way looks up at him with reluctant eyes. “Oh, alright. But I’m coaching you now on what to say,” she hops up from the couch and gathers her belongings into her warms and marches towards the hallway that leads to the dorms.
“Where are you going?” Todoroki asks from across the room.
“My dorm room, duh! We can’t just practice your confession here! There are prying eyes and ears!” Her eyes shift from side to side before she gets up to drag Todoroki to her dorm room. 
--

 Ochako (20:13)  

I promised I wouldnt text u about this
But I need to tell u
Code Pink Fire
 

 Tenya (20:14)  

???
 

 Ochako (20:14)  

Code Pink Fire!!!
 

 Tenya (20:15)  

Which one was that?
I honestly can’t remember your silly codes.
 

 Ochako (20:15)  

Ashido just led Todoroki into her room!
Close quarters = hot activity
Pink.
Fire.
 

 Tenya (20:16)  

You’re ridiculous.
And you shouldn’t be spying on them.
You know how it makes Midoriya feel.
 

 Ochako (20:16)  

Excuse me for trying to look out 4 my friends fragile heart
Hes been thru enough of this
Im gonna talk to Todoroki tomorrow
 

 Tenya (20:17)  

Don’t you dare.
As your class representative
(and friend)
I can not condone you meddling in the affairs of your peers
 

 Ochako (20:18)  

Be an anti condoner or whatever
Imma help our boy
(also what was the math homework????)
 
--
“Ok, lay that confession on me! I’m all ears.” Ashido says as she flops onto her pillow crowded, leopard print bed.
Todoroki sets down his things next to her door, next to a pile of Ashido's shoes. “It’s not that easy," he sighs and scoots his things further away from the smelly shoes. 
“Sure it is!” She cheers before furrowing her brow, narrowing her eyes, and using her best Todoroki imitation voice to say, “‘I like you Midoriya.’ Ain’t nothin’ to it!”
Todoroki stiffens and bites the inside of his cheek. He never was one to come out and say exactly how he feels; him telling Ashido that he wanted to confess by himself was a clear exception to this. As a child, he had to constantly suppress his feelings of rage towards his father and anguish over the unfortunate plight of his mother. It’s only natural that these intense feelings he has for Midoriya met the same fate.
At his hesitance, Ahido shifts to sit on her knees and waves her arms to get Todoroki’s attention. “Uh Todoroki, I don’t know if you’re aware, but in order for someone to know you like them, you gotta  tell them  that you like them,” she puncutates her words by clapping her hands twice when she says “tell them.”
“I can’t just tell Midoriya ‘I like you.’ That doesn’t even begin to describe how I feel about him.”
“Well how do you feel about him?” Ashido asks as she pulls out her phone and situates herself so she’s laying on her stomach, but still able to look at Todoroki.
A light blush creeps up Todoroki’s neck and settles in his cheeks, “I-I don’t know… Whenever I’m around him I feel like a weight is lifted from my shoulders, but at the same time there’s something stuck in my chest that keeps me from being able to breathe and control my quirk properly.”
“What else?” Ashido prompts and raises her phone a little bit higher.
Todoroki rubs his eyes and begins pacing, stepping over assorted books and dirty clothes that litter Ashido's floor. “He’s always been kind to me, even before I was his friend. He’s kind with everyone and I wish I could be like that. I don’t know how one person can care so much about so many people, putting their needs before his time and time again. It’s impossible to not be attracted to someone like that,” he laughs at himself, swooning over Midoriya like some lovestruck high schooler. Too bad he is a lovestruck high schooler.
“I hear ya, not to mention he’s not awful to look at.” Ashido muses and taps her phone twice.
Todoroki stops pacing and looks at Ashido in disgust. “‘Not awful to look at?’ How could you say he’s  just  ‘not awful to look at’? Midoriya is-”
Ashido sits up with a devilish glint in her eyes, still holding her phone suspiciously facing Todoroki. “Midoriya is what!? Hot!? Sexy!? You wanna bone him, don’t you Todoroki!?”
There’s a sudden drop in Todoroki’s stomach as those words leave Ashido’s mouth. Sweat escapes from every pore in his body and the temperature of his left side skyrockets. However, he refuses to let Ashido get the best of him and quickly runs his right hand over his left arm that leaves a thick cast of ice that begins to evaporate and make the atmosphere in the room muggy.
“I’m right aren’t I?” Ashido says and waggles her eyebrows, biting her lip as she smiles from ear to ear.
The ice continues to sizzle on Todoroki’s left arm and takes a deep breath. “Midoriya is  attractive,  to say the least.” It’s the only thing he can settle on that won’t prompt Ahsido to go into a dirty joke filled tailspin.
Ashido taps her phone twice one last time before setting it down on her bed. “That reaction was priceless though. I know you don’t want to, but I’m sure if you tell Midoriya you thought he’s hot, or at the very least cute, he’ll be all over you.” She gets up and guides Todoroki, who nearly trips over an old carton of instant ramen, to sit on her bed. Once he is seated, she drops her large Shakespeare Workshop book in his lap.
“If you’re not gonna practice your smooth talking skills, I need you to quiz me on one of my monologues.” She says as she picks up and haphazardly throws her dirty clothes into a pile in the corner of her room. 
Todoroki nods and opens the book to the an earmarked page. As he scans the play index for the act and scene Ashido requests, he wishes he could be as open and carefree as her. Maybe then he’d finally be able to confess to Midoriya, but there’s no changing who he is. He needs to figure out a way to get his point across that is direct, like Ashido, but still reserved, like him.
“Read Olivia’s line before mine at the end of the scene please!” Ashido asks and starts to jump up and down, shaking her wrists and cracking her neck like an olympian about to run the 500 meter sprint.
“Cesario, by the roses of the spring, by maidhood, honor, truth, and everything, I love thee so, that, maugre all thy pride, nor wit nor reason can my passion hide. Do not extort thy reasons from this clause, for that I woo, thou therefore hast no cause, but rather reason thus with reason fetter. Love sought is good, but given unsought better.” Todoroki frowns once the meaning of the passage clicks in his brain. In this scene, Olivia is trying to convince Viola/Cesario of how earnest her love is towards Cesario. The perfect example of an unbridled confession.
“You made me read this on purpose, didn’t you?” He tries to deadpan, but can’t seem to keep curve in his lips at bay.
Ashido lulls her head to one side, placing a hand over her heart and the in a gesture similar to someone swearing under oath in court. “By innocence I swear, and by my youth I have one heart, one bosom, and one truth, and that no woman has, nor never none shall mistress be of it, save I alone. And so adieu, good madam. Nevermore will I my master’s tears to you deplore,” she delivers the line perfectly with the same cheeky grin as before.
 
--
When Todoroki leaves Ashido’s room and walks down the hall to the elevator, he can’t shake the feeling that he’s being followed, but he doesn’t hear any footsteps behind him. Shrugging off his suspicion, he continues down the hallway, walking a little faster. He presses the up button for the elevator in a way that is akin to a kid button mashing the A button when they play Smash Brothers. The elevator  dings after what feels like an eternity and Todoroki hastily steps through, finally turning around to see that there wasn’t anyone behind him.
 That’s odd, Todoroki thinks to himself. He is usually pretty good at being able to sense if something around him is amiss, maybe it was just his imagination. Just as the elevator doors begin to slide shut, a voice shouts from down the hall. “Wait!”
Immediately Todoroki reacts, extending his hand to push the sliding doors open. The elevator beeps angrily at him as an out of breath Uraraka sprints inside.
“Thanks for holding it,” she gasps with her hands on her knees.
“It’s no problem. What floor are you going to?” Todoroki lets go of the door, watching it finally slide shut.
Uraraka lifts her head and wobbles over to the control panel. She presses the seven button and turns to Todoroki. “You didn’t pick a floor?” She asks with a raised eyebrow as she straightens her posture.
As it turns out, in his relief, he completely forgot to choose a floor to travel to. “Oh… Uh, if you could press six that would-” Uraraka presses the six button before he can even finish his sentence.
“Thank you.” He says softly.
“It’s nothing, I’m actually really glad I ran into you.” There’s something about her smile that makes the uneasy feeling return.
Todoroki swallows. “You are?” The elevator shakes a bit and begins its ascent.
Uraraka nods and leans against one of the walls. “I haven’t been able to talk to you much since you’ve been hanging out with Ashido. You sure hang out with her a lot now.” There’s an edge to her voice that could be easily missed. However, Todoroki is used to such passive aggressive behavior thanks to his time spent palling around Jirou.
His mind goes into autopilot. “It’s probably the same amount of time that you spend hanging out with Midoriya.” 
Brown eyes widen and the air around them goes still, the space in the elevator seems a lot smaller now. “You used to spend a lot of time with Midoriya too, until you started hanging out with Ashido.” Uraraka’s smile remains, but Todoroki can tell she’s acting uncharacteristically inquisitive.
A loud  ping  fills the elevator and the doors slide open to the sixth floor, Todoroki’s exit. He stares at the open door, not knowing whether he should step out or address Uraraka.
Uraraka clears her throat and pushes her hair behind her ear. “Look, I don’t want to cause a scene, but I need to know. Are you and Ashido dating?” She looks down and away from Todoroki, rocking back and forth on her heels.
The elevator doors begin to close and Todoroki reaches out his hand to stop them. He doesn’t have much time before it will beep at him again, so he makes this brief.
“I am not. I… I like someone else.” He steps out of the elevator, leaving Uraraka to do what she wished with that information.
 
--
 

 Ochako (21:30)  

I HAVE NEWS
 

 Deku (21:30)  

?
 

 Tenya (21:30)  

Uraraka I told you not to meddle
 

 Deku (21:31)  

am i missin somethin ?
 

 Tenya (21:31)  

No
 

 Ochako (21:31)  

YES
DEKU-KUN
TODOROKI LIKES SOMEONE ELSE
I JUST TALKED TO HIM
HE LIKES SOMEONE ELSE
I REPEAT
S O M E O N E
E L S E
 

 Tenya (21:32)  

Why are you including me in these texts!?
This seems like something that should be discussed between you and Midoriya
I really do not want to be dragged into this
 

 Ochako (21:32) 

Too late! We gotta figure out who it is!
Deku-kun im omw to ur room!
Tenya u better be in Deku’s room in ten!!!!
 

 Deku (21:33)  

the doors unlocked
r u sure he said that?
 

 Ochako (21:32) 

Positive
 
--
 

 Mina (ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧ (21:24) 

u wanna see smthn rlly qt ??????
 

 Toru ･ﾟ✧ *ヽ(◕ヮ◕ヽ) (21:24) 

of course!
send it
send it
send it!
 

 Mina (ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧ (21:25) 

ok but u cant share with any1
its TOP S E C R E T
 

 Toru ･ﾟ✧ *ヽ(◕ヮ◕ヽ) (21:25) 

:3c now i’m really interested
 

 Mina (ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧ (21:27) 

-VIDEO_01-

 Toru ･ﾟ✧ *ヽ(◕ヮ◕ヽ) (21:28)  

…
is this real?
 

 Mina (ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧ (21:28) 

(¬‿¬)
 

 Toru ･ﾟ✧ *ヽ(◕ヮ◕ヽ) (21:28)  

what are you gonna do with it?????????
i promise i won’t share!!!!
 

 Mina (ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧ (21:29) 

since ur not in ShakeShop
i’mma clue ya in on whats been goin down
let me call u
i got a master plan
(~˘▾˘)~
 
--

 -NEW GROUP CHAT INVITE: TODOROKI’S ANGELS- 

 

 Ashido aka Captain (22:13)  

i bet ur wonderin y i gathered u all here
(◕‿◕✿)
 

 Yaoyorozu aka First Lieutenant (22:13)  

Yes, actually.
 

 Jirou aka Private (22:13)  

tf is up with ‘todoroki’s angels’
????????
 

 Hagakure aka Skipper (22:14) 

cute name!
 

 Jirou aka Private (22:14)  

… what is happening?
 

 Ashido aka Captain (22:15)  

i already told toru, but imma let u all in 2
todoroki is in love with midoriya
as we kno, obvs
but he wont confess
smh
so natch, i think he needs a push
from us
 

 Yaoyorozu aka First Lieutenant (22:15)  

I’m done giving him pushes
He needs to confess on his own
This has been going on for
MONTHS
 

 Ashido aka Captain (22:16)  

i figured u might say that
will dis change ur mind
-VIDEO_01-
(づ｡◕‿‿◕｡)づ
 

 Jirou aka Private (22:17)  

hold up…
did he say that on his own?
hes never /actually/ admitted any of that to us…????????
does he know you recorded him????
 

 Ashido aka Captain (22:17)  

*nods nods nods nods*
and that’s not important
| (• ◡•)| (❍ᴥ❍ʋ)
hes soooooooooooooooooo close guys
we gotta give him the xtra boost
toru agreed to help us out!!
 

 Hagakure aka Skipper (22:18)  

(ᵔᴥᵔ)
i’m pretty good at stealth work
 

 Ashido aka Captain (22:18)  

wat do u say???????
pls !! for todo-kun !!!
 

 Jirou aka Private (22:18)  

i mean i’m always down to play matchmaker
besides, who knows what quality content
will come out of this
 

 Yaoyorozu aka First Lieutenant (22:18)  

I don’t want to do anything rash now
Not with the play just around the corner
/If/ we’re going to help him, it has to be done after
 

 Jirou aka Private (22:19)  

and knowing Todoroki, he won’t confess any time sooner
 

 Yaoyorozu aka First Lieutenant (22:19) 

I can’t believe this is happening
 

 Jirou aka Private (22:19) 

embrace it Mom
 

 Hagakure aka Skipper (22:20) 

yes !! embrace it !!
 

 Ashido aka Captain (22:20) 

this is gonna to be lit
r u ladies ready
to make a teenage dream come tru???????
ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)



Chapter End Notes
Long time, no update!! Thank you all for your patience during this C R A Z Y time. I'm actually directing a musical (crazy right) at the school I work at, so most of my time has been dedicated towards that. But don't worry, come March 30th my life will be mine once more!! 
In the meantime, enjoy these sporadic updates, because I'm not giving up this story. There is a light at the end of the tunnel and it's Tododeku endgame. 
As always, thanks to my amazing beta Ran (whose stuff you SHOULD TOTALLY check out!! @Ran on AO3) for checking my spelling and keeping me from going too overboard with the dramatics. Thanks to all of you reading this fic, I love hearing your feedback and kind words!! 
And thank you to whoever thought it would be a good idea to write fanfics in the style of group chats. You're the reason why my word counts are so high. You deserve a gold star. 
I'll be updating... eventually!!


Chapter 9
Chapter Summary
It's tech week m'dudes and there's a party on the horizon.
Chapter Notes
I told you this fic wasn't dead.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





Tech week. Five days of late rehearsals that lead to even later nights of finishing homework that were supposed to be handed in yesterday. Thankfully, many of the UA teachers are understanding of the poor souls in Shakespeare Workshop and are accepting late work. And if that isn’t enough, on top of all the lines the cast still needs to cram into their memory, exams are just around the corner; there’s practically no time for studying for their hero studies, math, and everything else exams.
So, when Midnight gives the class a much deserved break during one of their tech rehearsals, Todoroki is the first one to bolt out of the auditorium, with his hero studies notebook in hand, to get some fresh air and study for a brief moment. Even if the “fresh” air came from the hallway. He takes a seat on one of the benches facing the large glass windows and leans his back against the wall with his notebook in his lap. The blue sky is starting to fade into a light purple as the sun sets, like sorbet melting on a hot summer day. He shivers and shuts his eyes, letting his mind wander. How can he possibly study if he doesn’t let his mind take a 3 minute breather?If he and Midoriya were still talking, they would’ve probably sat together. Midoriya would definitely make a comment about the sky. Soon, they’d start guessing which colors are on the other side. Midoriya would probably guess orange, yellow, and pink, smiling from ear to ear and scratching the back of his head. All the colors Todoroki would’ve said if he made his guess first.  The thought makes Todoroki’s chest hurt.“Hey Todoroki!” Ashido’s voice rings in Todoroki’s ears. He opens his eyes and sure enough, the pink haired girl is rocking on her heels before him- grinning with her bottom lip caught between her teeth. Other students are also filtering into the hallway, but they are thankfully walking in the opposite direction, towards the restrooms.Todoroki rubs his eyes and sighs. “Hey Ashido.”She cocks her head to the side, putting her hands on her hips, and raises an eyebrow. “What’s the matter? Is rehearsal gettin’ you down?”“Something like that.” He shrugs, staring over her shoulder at how the world outside seems to fade into the sunset.  “Well do I have some news that will cheer you up!” Ashido chirps and shuffles to sit next to Todoroki. She takes her phone out of her skirt pocket and shoves it in Todoroki’s face.“What am I looking at?” Todoroki says as his eyes struggle to focus on the illuminated screen, centimeters away from his eyes.Ashido rolls her eyes and pulls her phone away. “It’s an invitation to a cast party tonight, duh!”Todoroki narrows his eyes. “Don’t those usually happen, you know,  after  the show is over?” Weren’t parties like that meant for celebrating the  completion of a production? The last thing their show needed was for someone to get sloppy during the party and be out of commission for the actual performances. And knowing some of his classmates, Todoroki is sure there will be more than one casualty at this party. One of them being Mineta, without a question.“Yeah, well, exams start right after the show, so we gotta do it now. You can give up one night of homework Todoroki!” Ashido nudges Todoroki with a much more powerful force than he was expecting.“I’m not worried about homework, I’m worried about not getting enough sleep. You remember what happened last time I didn’t get enough sleep?” He’s gone to great lengths to make sure he slept least eight hours each night ever since that day. There’s no way he’s breaking that streak, especially not for some rambunctious cast party, a cast party where Midoriya will surely ignore him, and he won’t enjoy anyway.Again, Ashido rolls her eyes. “But you have to go! You’re one of the leads! And besides, I know parties are a perfect place to, as my goddess Natasha Bedingfield would say, release your inhibitions. AKA, you’re talking to Midoriya about how you feel at this party,” she whines, her airy voice echoing in the spacious hallway.Todoroki’s blood runs cold and he moves to cover her mouth with his hand. “Can you not shout? Someone could hear you,” he hisses. The notebook on his lap falls to the ground with a thump, his eyes shifting towards the students making their way back towards the auditorium.“Mffpghhhff. Nggpffhhhmm. Hmmmpfhhghmm.” Ashido mumbles into Todoroki’s hand, crossing her arms over her chest and closing her eyes in a way that one would when they just made the strongest point about something that they’ve ever made in their entire life.Now it’s Todoroki’s turn to roll his eyes as he removes his hand from her mouth, “What did you say?”Ashido purses her lips and narrows her eyes. “I said, this might be your only chance. Who knows if you’re going to get another opportunity to fix things after the show? We have exams and break coming up. The clock is ticking, Todoroki.” Her usual sunny disposition is gone, replaced by worried eyes and a slight frown. She certainly has a point. Knowing Midoriya and his crazy studying habits, he will be unavailable until all of his exams are over. And he has no idea what Midoriya is doing for break, considering they haven’t been talking for the past couple of weeks, so who’s to say he won’t leave right after exams are over? Todoroki wants to talk to Midoriya, so badly. But…“I can’t  just  talk to him.” Todoroki says to his notebook on the ground and bites the inside of his cheek.“I know, but you shouldn’t worry. I have a plan.”Todoroki’s attention immediately shifts to Ashido, whose mischievous smile is back. It makes his stomach churn. “What are you planning?” he asks nervously.“I said don’t worry! The plan’s already been in motion for a couple of days now. You just have to make sure you’re at the party, got it?” She beams with a reassuring nod and thumbs up. The uneasiness in Todoroki’s stomach doesn’t settle, but his lips quirk upward as he stares at her thumbs up anyway.--Todoroki eats his dinner quickly and opts to take a nap in his room during the remaining free time of their dinner break, giving Ashido the perfect opportunity to meet with her coconspiritors. She sends a mass text as soon as Todoroki leaves the dining hall to meet in the library, thumbs fumbling to create coherent sentences in the wake of her excitement. Momo and Jirou, who sat with Todoroki at dinner check their phones at the same time. Jirou flashes Ashido an “OK” while Momo eyes her companion disapprovingly.A grin spreads across Uraraka’s face, who is sitting with Midoriya and Iida, as she sees Ashido’s call to arms.“What are you smiling at?” Midoriya asks as he leans over to get a look at Uraraka’s phone.With a yelp, Uraraka pulls her phone close to her chest and locks the screen. “N-nothing! It’s nothing, you shouldn’t be looking at other people’s text messages Deku-kun!”Midoriya holds his hands up defensively and scoots away. “Sorry, I just was curious is all.”“Well, you know what they say, curiosity killed the kid!” She humphs and shoves her phone into her backpack front pocket.“Don’t you mean ‘curiosity killed the cat?’” Iida asked with a raised eyebrow and sips another spoonful of his soup.“Semantics, Iida-kun, semantics.” Uraraka gets up from her seat, empty dinner tray in hand and backpack swung over her shoulder.“Where are you going, I thought were were going to go back to the dorms to get our costumes for the dress rehearsal together?” Midoriya’s eyebrows furrow the way a child’s does when you tell them there aren’t any chocolate chip cookies left. He turns around, watching her skip over to the garbage can.“Sorry, change of plans!” She beams as she dumps her garbage and hurries out of the cafeteria to the library. Everyone in UA knows during breakfast, lunch, and dinner hours, the library is practically a ghost town. And if a student is in the library during those times, they’re face deep in a book, studying as if their life depended on it. It’s the perfect meeting place for the girls to put their plan into action. At least, that’s what Ashido said to the group in her text messages.Naturally, Ashido is the first one there. She grabs a study table that’s located in the farthest corner of the library, safe from prying ears. Uraraka skips into the room next, with Jirou and Momo not too far behind.“Did you bring the stuff?” Ashido sits at the head of the table, resting her chin in her hands and smiling in a way that screams ‘I’m up to no good.’Jirou pulls out her laptop and takes the free seat next to Ashido. “The playlist isn’t done yet, but Momo just sent me the translated rules for the game.” Her fingers move like rapidfire on the keyboard, signing into her laptop and bringing up the document.“It took me way longer than expected and I’m pretty sure I signed up for a newsletter about soap by mistake on the American website it was on,” Momo says with a sigh and sits next to Jirou.“That’s so funny! Since you can make your own soap!” Uraraka says between giggles as she takes the free seat next to Ashido. Momo eyes Uraraka and crosses her arms over her chest.“Uraraka, did you get Midoriya to agree to come to the party?” Ashido asks even though her eyes are on Jirou’s laptop, scanning over the rules to the game.The brown haired girl immediately stops laughing and her eyes widen. “Oh shoot… uh, I can make him go after rehearsal. I’ll make him an offer he can’t refuse,” she puts on an accent that makes the other girls stare at her with wide eyes and raised eyebrows.“Just don’t worry! He’ll be there!”Ashido nods and turns her attention to Uraraka. “Okay, because Todoroki is going and I already put it in his head that he should talk to Midoriya-” she’s cut off by the sound of Jirou coughing or laughing, Ashido honestly can’t tell. She whips her head around and eyes the earphone jack hero.“What, you don’t think he’s going to talk to Midoriya?”Jirou shrugs and leans back in her chair. “Todoroki is all talk. He might  say  he’s going to talk to Midoriya, but unless you lock them in a room together, you can bet your ass he’s going to avoid Midoriya the entire night,” she says flatly.Momo nods her head. “The only reason why he and Midoriya had their own movie night a couple of weeks ago was because Midoriya asked him and we,” she gestures in between herself and Jirou, “told him he had to have Midoriya over.”“And I was the one who told Midoriya to check up on Todoroki! I really hope this plan works guys, Midoriya really misses Todoroki. He’s been pretty closed off about it, but I know he- ” Uraraka rambles in a way that’s akin to her green haired best friend, talking a little louder than the rest of the girls. The other three girls cut her off by putting one finger to their lips and sssshhh-ing her in unison.“We have to keep our voices down, we’re still in a library,” Jirou frowns and shuts her laptop.Uraraka bows her head and her voice wavers. “I’m sorry.”Ashido puts her hand on Uraraka’s back and pats her. “Don’t sweat it, there are more important things to worry about. Like how we’re going to orchestrate this game so those two end up partners. Hagakure is recruiting the likes of Ojiro, Sato, Sero, and Tokoyami to help us as we speak.”Uraraka lifts her head the slightest bit, brown eyes still downcast. “I think I can get Tsuyu to help us. And I’m sure Kirishima would want to lend a hand as well,” she offers hesitantly.Ashido practically smacks herself in the forehead. “Why didn’t I think of asking Kirishima! He’d be perfect to be the one to get the ball rolling!” Jirou and Momo narrow their eyes and shush Ashido this time, causing Uraraka to giggle again and perk up.“Sorry!” Ashido whispers sheepishly, scratching the back of her head.“If you’re going to ask Kirishima to help, you have to be careful. He’s got loser lips than Mineta,” Momo warns. All three girls shudder at the memory of when Mineta went around boasting to the other boys about how he managed to score pictures of the girls changing one day after training. Needless to say, Principal Nezu became involved faster than you could say Texas Smash.“I’ll make sure to tell him how important it is, he really cares about Midoriya and wouldn’t do anything to mess this up.” Uraraka assures them firmly, making sure to make eye contact with each of the girls.Ashido gets up from her seat and pulls out her cellphone. “Well that’s settled then! Kirishima and Tsuyu are in. Uraraka, I’m sending the rules of the game so you know what’s up.”“What’s the game?” Uraraka asks quizzically.The devious smile from before stretches across Ashido’s rosy face. “It’s called  Snowball . But this game doesn’t leave its players chilly cold, oh no ladies. Things are going to get heated at this cast party.”“It better not get too heated or Todoroki’s going to combust.” Momo quips, causing Jirou to break out into a fit of laughter. --As Midnight gives her final notes during that night’s dress rehearsal, there is an electricity in the air that reverberates among the students; and no, it isn’t coming from Kaminari’s quirk. This excitement stems from the promise of a party. A party that Iida promised he wouldn’t bust. A party that the entire class managed to keep a secret from Mineta. And, most importantly, a party that Todoroki promised he would make a move to reconcile with Midoriya.The aura around Todoroki isn’t just electric, it’s burning with anticipation. If everything Ashido planned goes smoothly tonight, he and Midoriya will be be friends again; which is what Todoroki wants more than anything. And if things were to go  exceptionally well, they could become something more? All of Ashido’s promises buzz around in his head like honeybees on goldenrods. The only thing that snaps him back to reality is Midnight addressing the green haired hero in training.“Make sure you stand closer to Todoroki when he says ‘Don’t be shocked. His blood is noble.’ Next time we run it I want to make try having Todoroki put his hand on your shoulder.” Midnight notes without looking up from her yellow notepad, crossing off the last note on her long list.“Uh, a-alright.” Midoriya’s voice cracks. Todoroki’s eyes struggle to keep from darting in Midoriya’s direction. Knowing Midoriya, he’s probably furiously writing the note in his script.“You got that Todoroki?” Midnight looks up from her pad, eyes sharp as ever even though they’ve been rehearsing for about three hours now.“Yes, Midnight-sensei.” Todoroki makes a mental note of the blocking change. Just what he needs, another push to get closer to Midoriya. Too bad it sounds like he doesn’t want anything to do with Todoroki. In this moment of weakness, Todoroki turns his head and looks over in Midoriya’s direction. He’s finishing scribbling in his script, just as Todoroki predicted, lifting his head and scratching his mess of green curls.As if the world were suddenly against Todoroki, Midoriya’s head turns in Todoroki’s direction. Their eyes lock for what feels like a century and Todoroki opens his mouth to finally say something. But before he can even get a word out, Midoriya whips his head in the opposite direction. A sting, unlike Todoroki has ever felt before, shoots through his chest and makes numbs his entire body. How could Ashido’s plan work if Midoriya refuses to so much as look at him?“Did someone turn up the air conditioner? It’s an ice box in here! Midnight-sensei can we leave?” Kaminari gripes, folding his arms across his chest and shivering.Midnight narrows her eyes at Kaminari and pushes her red glasses up the bridge of her nose. “I have one final remark for all of you. Make sure you get plenty of rest tonight. Tomorrow’s our last dress rehearsal and I don’t need any catastrophes happening between now and then.” A chorus of stammered “don’t worry sensei!” and “you’ve got nothing to worry about sensei” erupts from almost every student, especially Kaminari.Midnight takes off her glasses and shrugs her shoulders. “Very well, you all are dismissed. I will see you all tomo-” before Midnight can even finish her sentence, the entire class, even Sero who is suddenly missing from Midnight’s side, rushes out of the auditorium. The only students eft are Todoroki and Momo, who are left blinking in the wake of their escape artist classmates.“Well I guess I should of expected that.” Midnight sighs and makes her exit as well.Momo gets up from her seat and stretches her arms over her head, standing on the tips of her toes and making a surprised noise when two loud pops echo in the now empty auditorium. “Do you want to come to my room to get ready, or-”“I’m not going to the party.” Todoroki cuts her off. He’s still in his seat, hunched over with his forearms resting on his knees.“What do you mean you’re not going? Everyone’s going.”“Mineta’s not going.”“Todoroki, you know that doesn’t count.” Todoroki can practically hear her eye roll.“Be that as it may, I’m still not going.” Todoroki’s voice is firm and unwavering, which reminds him of his father. Shuddering slightly, he gets up; shuffling out of the row of chairs and up the aisle to the exit. It takes until he’s halfway out of the auditorium for Momo’s voice to ring in his ear.“Why aren’t you going Todoroki? Are you afraid of what will happen if you do?” Momo shouts from further down the aisle.Todoroki stops walking and turns around. From this distance Momo seems so small, probably about the same height as Tsuyu, standing in the middle of the aisle with her hands on her hips and eyebrows furrowed.“I’m right, aren’t I?” she yells as she makes a beeline towards him.“You know better than anyone that I want to be in Midoriya’s good graces again,” Todoroki yells right back, the words burn in his mouth.“Todoroki Shouto, that’s just the tip of the iceberg- no pun intended- and you know it. Why can’t you just let yourself say you like Midoriya as more than a friend?” Momo is practically toe to toe with Todoroki. It’s hard for Todoroki to avoid eye contact with her now, considering she’s couple of centimeters shorter than him.“You honestly are the most dense person on the planet. If I didn’t know any better, I’d say it’s your quirk.”“Midoriya doesn’t want anything to do with me.” Todoroki grumbles with the inside of his cheek clenched between his back molars.“That’s the biggest load of horse shit I’ve ever heard, you know Midoriya misses you just as much as you miss him, if not more!” Todoroki stays silent, clenching his fists and biting the inside of his cheek, after Momo’s exclamation.“I know you’re think I’m crazy, but I am positive about this. He may seem closed off, but I can tell he really misses you and would probably be really happy if you went to the party,” she affirms, putting both of her hands on Todoroki’s shoulders. Her dark eyes, full of certainty and truth, dig a hole into him.“How can you be so sure?” Todoroki says barely above a whisper, looking at Momo through his long bangs.She sighs and shakes her head with a knowing smile. “You should see the way he looks at you when you’re not watching.”That sentence, short and simple as it may seem, is enough to send a wave through Todoroki’s body that releases in a brilliant yellow flame, nearly bruning Momo’s hand.“Todoroki! Watch it!” Momo swiftly pulls her hand away and clutches it to her chest.Just as quickly as Momo escaped Todoroki’s fire, he snuffs it out with his right hand. “I’m sorry, that caught me off guard,” he admits sheepishly, feeling the heat of his left side threaten to create a new flame.There’s a beat of silence between them before Momo asks, “So are you coming to the party or not? Or do I have to set you on fire again?”Todoroki pushes his hair out of his face and chuckles. “Please don’t do that. But yeah, I’ll go. I… I want to know what Midoriya looks like when he thinks I’m not watching.”



Chapter End Notes
For those of you who are wondering (and haven't already read my smut fic for the update) my show went really well!! My students performed amazingly and I couldn't have been a prouder teacher. But with that being said, I'm sO HAPPY TO BE BACK TO A NORMAL SCHEDULE AGAIN. Which means I'm probably going to do weekly updates again, wahooo! As always thank you so much to  Ran  for being an amazing beta and helping me FINALLY figure out how to get links into my end notes. A special thanks to you, the reader, who didn't give up on this fic even though it went about 3 weeks without an update. And thank you to the new season of BNHA that's literally given me the strength to go beyond, PLUS ULTRA! Don't forget to leave a comment and come find me on  my tumblr  :D Next week is the party, get ready for some song recs.


Chapter 10
Chapter Summary
It's the big cast party! What sort of hijinks will ensue!?
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Todoroki and Momo walk briskly across UA’s open campus towards the south gymnasium. The wind kicks up some leaves and a cool breeze combs through Todoroki’s hair, sending a shiver down his spine despite the warm weather. As far as the faculty and campus security are concerned, the south gymnasium of UA is completely empty, windows completely dark and doors locked up for the night; but the students of Shakespeare Workshop know better. When they come upon the large double doors, Momo reaches out her hand and knocks a rhythmic pattern. There’s a clicking sound and one of the doors open. Tokoyami’s head pokes out from the side and his red eyes narrow.“Shall I compare thee to a summer’s day?” he mutters.Momo rolls her eyes and puts her hands on her hips. “Thou art more lovely and more temperate.” Tokoyami nods and opens the door wide.“Who came up with the password and knock?” Todoroki asks as they step inside the dark building.Momo shrugs. “I think it was Ojiro?”Todoroki nods and shoves his hands in his pockets. “It’s really lucky that Tokoyami agreed to stay and keep watch.” He looks back at Tokoyami, who is sitting in a chair beside the door and engrossed in a book with a solid black cover.“I honestly don’t know who else we would’ve asked,” Momo chuckles, walking ahead of Todoroki down the long hallway leading towards the main gymnasium. With each step, Todoroki can hear the muffled sound and feel the pulsing of what he thinks is a techno beat; clearly Jirou’s doing. Through the tiny windows of the gymnasium door, colored lights flash in the darkness in time with the music that Todoroki would assume anyone could notice from the outside.“Momo did you-”“We had a third year use their cloaking quirk to help hide the party. I wish my quirk were strong enough to make a decoy though,” she laughs and grabs the handles of the doors to the gymnasium, swinging them open.Todoroki’s ears are suddenly filled with pounding house music, the kind that worms its way into your body and forces your heart to match its tempo. The dark gymnasium is decorated with neon streamers and balloons that are illuminated through the power of several blacklights that are positioned to create the perimeter of a makeshift dance floor. Sure enough, Jirou is positioned behind a DJ booth, holding up the left side of her head phones to her ear and nodding her head along with the beat. Several of his classmates (Kirishima, Ashido, and Kaminari to name a few) are swaying and jumping to the music while throwing their arms in the air with unbridled joy. There’s a part of Todoroki that wants to join them, but there’s another, much louder, part of him that’s screaming for him to retreat back to the safety of his dorm room.“Huh, it looks like Midoriya isn’t here yet,” Momo mumbles, loud enough for Todoroki to catch, and scratches her cheek. His stomach flips at the mention of Midoriya’s name and he can feel sweat escape from every pore in his body. He knows he shouldn’t have such an extreme reaction to the sheer sound of Midoriya’s name, but he can’t help it. If he fucks up tonight, there’s no telling if his and Midoriya’s friendship could be reconciled.Momo takes Todoroki by the hand, nearly causing him to trip over himself, and leads him to the dance floor towards Ashido and the people she’s dancing with.Ashido is the first to notice Momo approaching with Todoroki in hand. “Todoroki-kun! Momo!”“Hey! Look who’s here!” Kirishima cheers, his smile so wide you can see his sharp teeth from a mile away. “Kaminari just put in a song request!”“It’s a good one too.” Kaminari winks and gives the two a thumbs up.“I swear to God, if it’s a fucking meme song I’m going to blast you into next week,” Bakugo grunts as he walks over to the group as well with a drink in hand.Kaminari sticks his tongue out and pulls down on his cheek, revealing bottom whites of his eye. “You’re no fun!”“Tch, nothing about this dance is ‘fun’.” Bakugo takes a huge gulp of his drink, eyes wide as he seems to struggle to choke it down. “What the fuck is in this?”“It’s liquid courage.” Ashido waggles her eyebrows.Bakugo’s eye twitches and he crunches the plastic cup in his hands. “I don’t need that shit, space brain.”“Excuse me, I’m going to get myself a drink.” Todoroki pushes past the group and makes his way over towards the drink table.“Aw yeah Todoroki!” He can hear Ashido whoop. While there isn’t much food at this party, only two bowls of assorted chips and some boxes of Pocky, there are several punch bowls. The punch bowls, each with a smell that is stronger than the next, have names that harken to Shakespeare in the most corny way possible. Todoroki picks up a plastic cup and settles on the bright blue punch bowl called “Drowning Ophelia.” He fills his cup almost to the brim and brings it up to his mouth.The sugary smell makes his nostrils flare and mouth dry out; he knows he’s not going to like it but it’s the strongest smelling drink of the bunch and he needs something strong to get him through the night. Holding his breath, Todoroki takes two big gulps. The taste of lemons and what he thinks is rubbing alcohol makes him gasp for air, coughing and nearly dropping his plastic cup.“It’s good right?” Ashido smiles and pats Todoroki on the back.“W-when did you get here?” Todoroki’s head snaps to look at her as he coughs and wipes his mouth with the back of his hand.“I came over when I heard you coughing up a lung over the music.”Groaning, Todoroki straightens his posture. Was he really coughing that loud? “I didn’t mean to make you worry.”Ashido slaps Todoroki on the back and lets out a loud, “Ha! Worried about you? The only thing I’m worried about is whether or not my master plan will work. The other girls are skeptical, but when I showed them the video of you talking about-”“What video?” Todoroki frowns and reaches behind himself and rubs the bruise that Ashido surely left. “You took a video of me? When?”“When we were talking about your feelings for Midoriya. You didn’t see me take out my phone?” She raises an eyebrow. Now that she mentions it, Todoroki remembers Ashido taking out her phone and holding it in front of her as if she were recording something. But he didn’t think that she would  actually  invade his privacy like that… Then again, this is Ashido he’s dealing with. He grabs her by the hand, practically throwing his empty cup to the ground, and leads her towards a secluded area of the gymnasium. The last thing he wants is to get even more people involved in his personal affairs.Todoroki places both his hands on Ashido’s shoulders and stares at her square in the eyes. “Who did you show?” he demands.Ashido blinks a couple of times before responding, “I only showed Momo, Jirou, Hagakure, and Uraraka.”If Todoroki thought all the sweat left his body before, he is completely dried out now. “You showed Uraraka? How could you show Uraraka without letting me know? She could’ve told Midoriya.” He tried his best to control his voice, but it still wavers as he feels his temperature begin to rise.“Relax! She didn’t tell him. If she did, do you think we would be going through with this plan?” Ashdio said reassuringly despite Todoroki’s grip on her shoulders getting tighter and tighter. He bites his lip and lets his head fall, red and white hair falling in front of his heterochromatic eyes.“You shouldn’t have shared that video. I should be the one to decide who knows about my feelings about Midoriya. Not you,” he says to the ground and then looks back up at Ashido. His entire life, his father made decisions for him. How he trained, what he ate, who he spoke to. At UA, he thought he would be free of that. When their eyes meet, her brow furrows and the sparkle in her yellow eyes dulls in realization.“I… I didn’t know you felt that way. I’m really sorry Todoroki-kun, I just wanted to help you out.”Todoroki sighs and lets go of Ashido’s shoulders. “You’re doing a great job of helping, I wouldn’t have gone to this party if it weren’t for you and Momo. But there are some things that I need to do on my own.” Maybe it’s the drink he just downed kicking in, but his voice is firm with determination.“Aaaaaaalright Shakeshop! It’s time for our party game of the night, if everyone could please make their way over to the dance floor!” Jirou’s voice blares through the speakers.Ashido looks over her shoulder and then back at Todoroki, her glimmer back in her eyes. “You ready?”Todoroki takes a deep breath, closing his eyes, and exhales slowly. His body sways slightly on its own accord, but his feet stay grounded. “I think so.”Nodding and holding out her fist, Ashido beams. “Let’s rock this.” Todoroki stares at her pink fist for a moment. He knows it’s time, there’s no backing out now. So he returns the gesture by pumping his fist with hers, causing Ashido to jump giddily and lead him to the open dance floor.Several of their classmates are already there, standing in small clumps based on their friend groups, while others make their way over. Idle chatter drones over the lowered music, mostly speculations about what game does Jirou has in store for them? Todoroki and Ashido part ways to stand with their respective friend groups- Todoroki with Momo and Ashdio with the self dubbed “Bakusquad.”Once he’s next to her, Momo leans over. “Midoriya just got here,” she whispers and nods her head to her right. Todoroki turns his head slightly, trying to be at least a little bit discrete. Midoriya is standing in between Iida and Uraraka, rocking back and forth on his heels and cracking his knuckles. Anyone else would find Midoriya’s fidgeting distracting- in fact, Uraraka puts her hand on Midoriya’s shoulder to cease his rocking- but Todoroki finds it endearing, adorable even. It’s crazy how something so small can cause the butterflies in his stomach to stir.From the DJ booth, Jirou leans into the microphone and taps on it twice, getting everyone’s attention. She clears her throat, “First, I’d like to thank Ashido for finding the game we’re going to be playing tonight. Let’s give her a ‘whoop whoop’!” Most of the students give a reluctant ‘whoop whoop,’ save for Kaminari and Kirishima who holler and pump their fists in the air, jumping up and down enthusiastically. Ashido giggles and waves her hand, weakly urging them to stop.“The name of the game is ‘Snowball’ and the rules are simple. We start with two partners dancing, and when I say ‘Snowball,’ you have until the count of ten to find a new partner. The game ends when everyone is dancing! Simple, right?” There’s a mutter of agreement and nodding heads among his classmates and a drawn out groan of, “This is so fucking dumb” from Bakugou.  But a twinge of panic shoots through Todoroki. There’s no way Midoriya’s going to pick him, not in a million years. Momo bumps into Todoroki, snapping him back to reality before this thoughts take a downward spiral. “Hey, it’s going to be okay. We’ve got it all figured out.” She gives him a reassuring smile.Todoroki bites the inside of his cheek and furrows his brows. He has no choice but to trust her and Ashido.  “Remember friends, we’re going by Present Mic’s golden rule- ‘You get what you get and you don’t get upset!’ So if you get partnered with someone you don’t wanna dance with, tough shit,” Jirou advises before opening her arms wide. “Everyone circle up!” In a mix of eagerness and sluggishness, the students create a large circle; Todoroki finds a spot in between Momo and Ashido with his arms crossed.“Our first partners are going to be… Kirishima and Bakugo!” Jirou puts on her best announcer’s voice and gestures to the center of the circle. On the opposite side of the circle, Kirishima, his smile so wide Todoroki is sure he can see every single one of his pointed teeth, grabs a very unamused Bakugou’s arm and pulls him into the center of the circle.“Let fucking go of me, you rock brained asshole!” Bakugo seethes as he claws at him. Kirishima, still grinning from ear to ear, ignores his companion’s protests and whirls Bakugo so his arm is wrapped around the other’s shoulder. The look of surprise on Bakugo’s face, save the light dusting of red in his cheeks, is mirrored in each of his classmate’s faces.“Let’s get this show on the road!” Jirou booms as she presses play. A familiar beat, prompting many of Todoroki’s classmates to begin hollering in excitement, shakes the floor with its power. Kirishima starts to move, pulling a surprisingly willing Bakugo along with him. Shuffling along to the beat in tandem, they eventually whip to face each other once the beat drops. The crowd goes wild at their synchronized dance movements, taking a pause from singing along with the female vocalist. For someone whose personality is incredibly rigid, Bakugo moves with a fluidity unlike anything Todoroki has ever seen. No wonder Kirishima was so excited to be his partner. The way they move makes Todoroki think they’ve practiced for this.Just as they sway their bodies to the side in a wave, Jirou yells “SNOWBALL!” into the microphone and pauses the music. She starts counting down while Bakugo grabs Uraraka and Kirishima brings Kaminari onto the dance floor. Once the countdown is complete, a new song blasts over the speakers, this one having a more electro-pop feel.The process repeats itself for about three more rounds until Ashido runs over and grabs Todoroki to dance. He takes her hand and walks out onto the dance floor, making sure he’s in a position where it won’t be obvious that he’s looking at Midoriya. Even though almost all of Midoriya’s friends are dancing, the green haired teen is still waiting anxiously on the outside of the circle with the bottom of his t-shirt worried between his hands.“On the next switch you have to grab Midoriya,” Ashido whispers as the music begins to fade in over the speakers.“So this is your plan? Force us to dance and not be able to talk over the loud music?” Talking things out in private is one thing, dancing and confessing in front of the entire class is a whole different animal.Ashido shakes her head as she jumps along with the music. “You have no faith in me. Just make sure you pick Midoriya! Stay calm and think positive thoughts!” Her yelling goes unnoticed due to the blaring of the music and she takes him by the hands and urges him to twist along with her. Despite Ashido encouragement, Todoroki’s nerves don’t seem to calm down any. His eyes keep wandering over towards Midoriya’s direction, wondering what Midoriya will say when he asks him to dance. Obviously the worst Midoriya could say is no and from that point, Todoroki will make his exit and never leave his room for the rest of the semester... On second thought, that’s a bit too dramatic. He’ll have to leave his room to shower, eat, and take his final exams. And he can’t just quit the play now, not when their performance is in two days. What he needs to do is as Ashido said- think positive.But as Jirou yells, “SNOWBALL!” he quickly realizes there’s no time to think positive. All of his classmates dart to find their final partners of the game, but Todoroki is caught in a haze. The way everyone else moves around him leaves an unrealistically perfect pathway leading him to Midoriya.Figures. As if his life isn’t already enough of one huge cliché.When their eyes meet, Todoroki can’t hear Jirou’s countdown- just the the sound of his heartbeat in his ears. Midoriya’s chest rises and posture straightens, and maybe Todoroki is imagining things, but he can swear he sees Midoriya’s lips exhale the words, “Holy shit.” Holy shit is right. Todoroki thinks to himself he moves towards Midoriya. He feels like he’s walking through an ocean thick with seaweed with an anchor that threatens to pull him under. It’s not until he’s standing right in front of Midoriya, whose face is as pink as Ashdio’s, that he realizes he needs to say something. There’s so much he wants to say, but “You wanna dance?” is what he settles on, holding out his hand. Midoriya looks at the hand, then at Todoroki and the final call of Jirou’s countdown comes back to Todoroki’s consciousness.“Three! Two! One!” Without a word, Midoriya takes Todoroki’s hand and leads him to the dance floor. High pitch guitar strumming and and claps signal the start of the song and Todoroki instinctively glares at Jirou. Out of all the songs she could’ve picked to play, she had to choose this one? She catches his glare and sends a snarky wink his way. He’ll have some choice words to say to her later.“D-do you know this song, Todoroki-kun?” Midoriya’s asks tentatively, still holding his hand.  Todoroki clears his throat and faces Midoriya. “I’ve heard it once or twice,” he lies.“It’s kinda funny that this song is playing, considering…” Midoriya’s voice trails off and he bites his lip. “Considering everything that happened with Stain,” he laughs nervously. And everything else that’s happened between us , Todoroki thinks for a moment, but outwardly nods. “Yeah.” He awkwardly looks around. Everyone around him is swaying to the music, their bodies pressed close together in tight embraces.“Uhm, Should we...?” In a stroke of boldness, Todoroki brings Midoriya’s hand to rest on the small of his back.Midoriya looks at Todoroki, his eyes wider than Todoroki’s ever seen before. “Oh! Yeah! Sure! If you want to! I-I’m so sorry we should’ve started dancing ages ago! It’s one hundred percent my fault, I’m such a bad dance partner!” he rambles and places his shaky free hand to meet his other, pulling Todoroki closer.Todoroki rests his hands on Midoriya’s shoulders and they begin to rock, side to side with the music in silence. He can’t bring himself to look at Midoriya let alone talk to him. His eyes scan the room again, and they fall upon Momo who mouths “Say something!” over Sero’s shoulder. Todoroki swallows and looks down at Midoriya, who is also looking away with a distant expression.
 It’s now or never. 
“So.. how’ve you been?”Midoriya’s eyebrow shoot up and his head turns to look up at Todoroki. “I’ve been okay… how about you?” Lonely.  “Fine. Are you excited for the show?”“Y-yeah, it’ll be nice to finally be done,” Midoriya sighs, relaxing for the first time since Todoroki first saw him in the circle. “I’m excited to go home and spend some time with my Mom. Are you going to visit your Mom, Todoroki-kun?”“Probably. I’m hoping to spend as little time at home as possible.”  And I was hoping to spend more time with you… “Oh… well, I’m sure Aizawa-sensei will give you permission to say at the dorms?”There’s a twinge that shoots through Todoroki’s chest. “Yeah, I’m sure he’ll make an exception.” An awkward silence settles between them as the vocals of the song begin to fade, leaving just the instrumental postlude. If Todoroki’s going to say something, now would be the time to do it. But it’s so damn hard to concentrate when he and Midoriya are practically chest to chest and the familiarity of this closeness renders him practically speechless.He has to do it though, he has to say something.“Listen... Midoriya…”“Yes, Todoroki-kun?” Midoriya voice is soft and his eyes, evergreen and shimmering under the lights, blink twice. Gods this is an uphill battle.“I’ve been meaning to talk to you for weeks, but I haven’t really known what to say… or how to say it.” Todoroki can hear his strained voice more clearly as the music gets softer and softer. He leans closer towards Midoriya, whose eyes are still wide and distracting. “But now I think I do. So, Midoriya, I-”The lights of the gymnasium turn on abruptly. “Alright kids, party’s over,” the monotone voice of Aizawa-sensei echoes in the dead silent space.



Chapter End Notes
The songs used are as follows: Baku/Kiri Dance -  I like it, Cardi B  Ashido/Todo Dance -  Inner (Feat MYLK), fusq  Todo/Deku Dance -  Location, Khalid  And when I said Bakugo and Kiri whip, I mean they wHIP, whip.Thank you so much for reading after the (yet another) long delay! I recently moved and it's CONCERT SEASON!! So I'm basically a walking dead person. Thanks a million to my beta  Ran  for everything she does!! Don't forget to leave a comment or mosey on over to my tumblr  here! We're nearing the end friends!! Get excited :)


Chapter 11
Chapter Summary
It's the last chapter, I think that speaks for itself.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





The only reason why Todoroki, and several of his classmates, aren’t expelled is Tenya Iida. He is a benevolent class representative, always looking out for his peers. Even if those peers  failed to mention to him that the cast party would be serving spiked beverages. Iida took the brunt of Aizawa’s scolding and managed to get the class’ punishment to boil down to them having to complete an extra summer work packet about alcohol abuse. 


No detention. No suspension. And most importantly, no cancellation of the performance. Even though Iida manages to persuade Aizawa to lessen their punishment, Midnight is not so easily swayed. Not only does she call the final dress rehearsal 2 hours early for a painfully long one sided discussion about the dangers of “partying to hard,” but she refuses to let any of the students leave the auditorium, unless escorted by her. Which includes everyone’s bathroom trips. 


But to Todoroki, Aizawa’s extra summer work and Midnight’s distrust aren’t the most unpleasant outcome of the cast party getting busted. He sighs from the wings as he watches Midoriya, looking so incredibly handsome in his period costume that hugs his frame in all the right places, and Bakugo finish up their scene that has the blocking that makes Todoroki’s stomach churn. 


He fucked up. He fucked up so hard and he knows it.


On stage, Midoriya takes a step forward and delivers his final line, “I am bound to the Count Orsino's court: farewell.” He gives Bakugou a curt nod and strides towards down stage left, which happens to be directly where Todoroki is standing in the wings. Todoroki knows he should move, but he can’t help but become captured by Midoriya’s furrowed brow and determined look in his eye. He takes a step back, hoping that maybe he could somehow blend into the curtains. 


If only Todoroki confessed sooner, Aizawa’s interruption would have been a minor speed bump, rather than a full on gaping pothole on the road towards his confession. Literally, as soon as the lights came on, Midoriya was out of Todoroki’s arms and halfway across the gymnasium; standing next to Bakugou, who fully expressed his disdain for the situation that was unfolding before him in a string of profanities, of all people.


And now he’s here. 

Hiding

, of all things. 


Midoriya steps into the wings and marches right past him, eyes fixed on the exit towards the dressing rooms. And even though this is the best thing that could’ve happened, it still brings Todoroki’s attention to a stinging feeling that blossoms in his chest and spreads to every nerve ending in his body. 


Bakugo’s aside of: “I have many enemies in Orsino's court, else would I very shortly see thee there. But, come what may, I do adore thee so, that danger shall seem sport, and I will go,” seems all too real. Midoriya’s actions in that moment during the party made it clear that he would rather be with someone who can assert themselves and speak frankly. 


Todoroki just can’t compete.


As Bakugo turns on his heels to exit stage left, more like storm off stage, Todoroki lets out the breath he’d been holding and makes moves to leave the wings as well. Unfortunately for him, he’s consumed in his own heartache that he doesn’t even notice Bakugo barreling towards him. 


They crash together in a loud 

thwump,

 Bakugo weaving a tapestry of curses and swears aimed at Todoroki, and fall to the floor. Todoroki groans, feeling his heartbeat in his head, and tries to prop himself up with his hands. Of course this would happen to him. Midnight’s voice blares over the auditorium’s speaker system, “Is everything okay back there? I can hear you from the house.” 


“Everything’s fine!” Sero’s voice shouts from Todoroki’s left. He feels someone take his arm and throw it over their shoulder to bring him to stand.


“Listen here you half and half fuck face! If you do that on opening night I swear I will end your life!” Bakugo seethes and makes a motion to throw a punch at Todoroki. Thankfully Sero and Uraraka restrain his arms in the nick of time. 


“If you want to make it out of this rehearsal before midnight, I suggest you save your fire for later,

” 

Uraraka hisses sweetly while gripping Bakugo’s arm in a firm vice. 


“She’s right 

Mon-Cher

, please just calm down for once.” Aoyama advises, making Todoroki realize he is the one to bring him back to his feet. 


Sero grabs Bakugo’s other arm, leading the struggling Bakugo along with Uraraka towards the door that leads to the backstage hallway. They open the door and shove Bakugo through it, quickly slamming it shut. 


“Keep the show running, Aoyama get on stage!” Sero shouts from the door. 


“Oh! Oui, pardon!” Aoyama removes his arm from around Todoroki’s shoulder and shuffles on stage, already taking off his cape in accordance with his blocking.


Despite nearly losing his footing from the lack of support from Aoyama, Todoroki manages to step to the side in time to let Uraraka scoot past him, lifting her floor length gown, probably to prevent herself from tripping over herself. “Excuse me Todoroki-kun!” She blurts out before stepping on stage. Todoroki stands in the wings for moment, listening to Uraraka and Aoyama’s banter and rubbing his head. While he would like to stay and watch, Todoroki knows he needs to return to the dressing rooms, considering he doesn’t need to be onstage for another two scenes. But that would mean he would potentially confront Bakugo there, in front of all the other boys. 


In front of Midoriya. 


Thoughts of what Todoroki could possibly say to the mercurial blonde that would keep him off his back consumed him and and made him lose track of time. As quickly as Uraraka and Aoyama’s scene began, it’s already over and they dash past Todoroki once more with hurried apologies. 


From the house, Midnight’s voice booms over the auditorium’s speakers. “Need I remind you all to keep the wings clear! If you are not in a scene, stay out of the wings!” Todoroki sighs and assumes this is the answer to his question; so he follows Uraraka and Aoyama through the door to the hallway, making sure to keep enough distance between them so that they don’t decide to start a conversation with him. 


The hall is surprisingly quiet, save the soft murmur of voices coming from behind the doors to the boy’s and girl’s dressing rooms. Aoyama and Uraraka go through their respective doors, completely brushing past Bakugo who is sitting next to the boy’s door on the floor, staring daggers in Todoroki’s direction. Normally, this is a position Todoroki wouldn’t be surprised to find Bakugo in- brooding with his knees pulled up to his chest. But the fact that he’s still in his Shakespearean garb? Todoroki finds it hard to take his scowl seriously. 


“What the fuck do you want?” Bakugo’s voice drips with venom and his red eyes narrow. 


“I should be asking you that, you’re the one making a face at me.” Todoroki keeps his voice calm and low as to not disturb the rehearsal anymore. 


Bakugo shifts, letting his legs fly out in front of him and fall to the ground. “Tch, whatever you half and half heart crusher life ruiner,” he mumbles under his breath. Anyone else would’ve missed the dig, but Todoroki’s eyebrow twitches at the barely audible insult. 


“Why do you keep calling me a life ruiner? And Jirou told me people are calling me ‘heart crusher’ behind my back. What does that even mean? I haven’t done anything to ruin anyone’s life.” He wishes his voice didn’t sound so desperate, but he couldn’t help that it cracked slightly at the end of his sentence. 


Confusion flashes across Bakugo’s face before it devolves into a condescending smile. “Idiots. One bigger than the other.” He shakes his head and stands, crossing his arms against his chest and leaning against the wall as if he were some Yakuza boss. Todoroki stands his ground, hands balling into fists as the temperature of his right side starts to rise.


“As much as I don’t give a shit about what whatever the fuck went on between you and that nerd Deku, tell me half and half, did you apologize to him?” 


Now it’s Todoroki’s turn for his eyes to widen. He shouldn’t be surprised that Bakugo knows, considering he’s close with Ashido and, even though he doesn’t show any sort of affection that would lead one to believe this fact is true, Midoriya’s childhood friend. 


 “I… I wanted to but-” 


“But what?” Bakugo’s right eyebrow quirks upward and his head cocks to the side, “You don’t think you need apologize?” 


The heat within Todoroki continues to rise. “No, that’s not it.” 


“So you’re just being a dick then?” 


“Excuse- I’m not being a dick.” Todoroki sputters and feels his stomach sink to new lows. Who does Bakugo think he is? Not everyone can speak their feelings as freely as he can. Years of pushing his feelings down, bottling up his fire, make it so much harder for Todoroki to say exactly how he feels. How could Bakugo possibly know what that feels like? Who does he think he is, accusing him and calling him names as if that would magically encourage him? 


“Last time I checked, people who aren’t bitches apologize when they hurt others. You hurt someone, you hurt Izuku.” 


 Todoroki nearly sets the hall on fire at Bakugo’s accusation and hearing him call Midoriya by his name so casually. Something he only dreams of being able to do during his loneliest nights where his only company comes in the form of the blankets he wraps himself in. However, thanks to the aforementioned years of repressing his feelings, he just barely manages to save his costume, and everything around him, from incineration.


“I didn’t mean to hurt him. The kiss between me and Ashido was an accident!” He’s struggling to keep his voice down, surely someone’s going to hear. 


“But you still fucking kept on hanging out with Ashido even though you knew it made him feel like shit?” 


“We’ve been rehearsing for the play and she kept on wanting to hang out with me! You’ve been spending a considerable amount of time with Midoriya because of the play too you know.” His jealousy weasels its way into the conversation and Todoroki hopes to god that Bakugo wouldn’t pick up on it. 


“That doesn’t fucking matter, who wants to hang out with who or if I’m doing shit with Midoriya, 

you

 should’ve fucking talked to him. Did you honestly think letting people come up with plans to get you want you wanted would help you? And I don’t give a shit if you told them not to help or that you’d talk eventually, you still let them take control. And for that, wasting all that god damn time, you’re a huge fucking dick.”


 Bakugo’s words cut deep; deeper than Stain’s knife or the darkest pits of the ocean because he’s one hundred percent right. All this time, he let others take the reins on fixing his problems instead of facing them head on, like he’s spent almost 2 years in school learning how to do. In that moment, Todoroki Shouto realizes that he isn’t a hero in training at all. 


He’s a dick. 


The temperature in the hallway starts to dip as Todoroki calms down. “I just…” Todoroki starts but doesn’t know how to finish. He’s not about to open up to Bakugo about the extent of the situation at hand, let alone the extent of his feelings for Midoriya. No way no how.


Bakugo takes a step forward, standing toe to toe with Todoroki. “Don’t 

just

. Fucking grow a pair and tell him how you feel.” 


The demand hangs in the air as the door to the girls dressing room opens and Ashido steps out. When they turn their heads to look in her direction, her eyebrows shoot up to her hairline and she scratches her head nervously. 


“Oh! Sorry, I didn’t mean to interrupt anything, uh… Todoroki, we need to go on stage for our scene?” 


Todoroki sighs and nods. “Yeah, I’ll be right behind you.” 


“Okay, don’t be too long.” Ashido side steps around the two boys and exits through the stage door. 


When the door is completely shut, Bakugo speaks again. “Well?” He says impatiently. 


Todoroki looks down at his feet, then back at Bakugo whose lips are pressed into a firm line and jaw clenched. He was foolish for ever thinking that Bakugo had romantic feelings for Midoriya, but he supposes jealousy will do that to you.


“I will, before the end of rehearsal,” Todoroki says with resolve. 


Bakugo smirks, cracking his knuckles and turning on his heels to go back into the dressing room. “If you don’t, I’m going to kick your ass.” Todoroki smiles at that for some reason (maybe it’s his way of saying he’s rooting for him?) as he makes his own exit towards the stage.


--


As rehearsal goes on, the stamina of the cast starts to plummet. Griping and groaning about how tired everyone is becomes more inscessent during act four. But once act five rolls around, the entire cast becomes walking zombies. All save Todoroki, whose thoughts replay the conversation he had with Bakugo over and over again. He knows he should be paying attention to the scene, but he can’t help it let his mind wander.


The only other thing that might grab one’s attention from such an intense train of thought is the heat from the stage lights; but they actually don’t bother Todoroki as much as they would a normal person. It’s one of the perks of his quirk. As he looks around during a pause in dialogue- Midoriya enters from stage right for the final scene- he notices several of his classmates bangs are sticking to their foreheads while others have sweat rolling down the sides of their necks, taking pigments of their foundation with it and staining their costumes. 


He feels bad for them, considering he’s been on stage for probably just as long as they have, only he  still looks as fresh as he did when he first came to rehearsal four hours ago. Yet, as his gaze turns to Midoriya, Todoroki can’t see any of his classmates’ flaws in the green haired boy. Despite Midoriya’s flushed face and damp ends of his curls, Todoroki finds a lump settle in his throat. He’s probably seen Midoriya like this a million times before, in this class and during especially hard training sessions, but the twinge in his chest feels incredibly new. 


“I am sorry, madam, I have hurt your kinsman: but, had it been the brother of my blood, I must have done no less with wit and safety. You throw a strange regard upon me, and by that I do perceive it hath offended you: pardon me, sweet one, even for the vows we made each other but so late ago.” Midoriya rushes towards Uraraka, who is standing next to Todoroki, and takes her hands apologetically. When they first blocked the scene, Midoriya would always flash a smile in his direction as he passed. Now there was no smile, there wasn’t anything directed towards him. 


“One face, one voice, one habit, and two persons! A natural perspective, that is and is not!” Todoroki says his aside and steps down stage, trying to ignore the pain in his chest that twists like a dagger. 


“Antonio, O my dear Antonio! How have the hours racked and tortured me since I have lost thee!” Midoriya rushes over to Bakugo excitedly, whose arm is being held firmly by Sato. Todoroki can’t bare to look, even though he knows now that Bakugo isn’t at all interested in the green haired teen. 


“Are you Sebastian?” Todoroki can hear Bakugo ask and decides to tune out the conversation until his next cue, which happens to be Ashido crossing stage right. Since he missed several opportunities backstage to talk to Midoriya because of reasons that may or may not involve him being scared out of his goddamn mind, he assesses what his next move should be. 


After this scene, they’ve got only one more act, which is basically only one more scene, and then notes. He could either find Midoriya before notes, but he might be changing and Todoroki wouldn’t want to bother him as he gets out of his costume. 


Midoriya is one to linger after rehearsal ends, waiting or Uraraka and Iida, so he could potentially talk to him then. But then he remembers a conversation he overheard Midoriya having with Iida in the dressing room about how he is probably going to go straight back to his dorm to finish some homework. 


Which only leaves tomorrow, opening night, and he can’t confess on opening night. Who knows what kind of disastrous omen that would put upon the show’s head? The day after tomorrow is the start of exams. Midoriya would be so consumed in finishing all his work, Todoroki wouldn’t be able to get a single word in with him. And after those are done, Midoriya leaves bright and early on the first train back home for the summer. 


As panic surges through Todoroki’s veins, Ashido makes her move down stage and delivers her line. “If nothing lets to make us happy both but this my masculine usurped attire, do not embrace me till each circumstance of place, time, fortune, do cohere and jump that I am Viola. Which to confirm, I’ll bring you to a captain in this town, where lie my maiden weeds, by whose gentle help I was preserved to serve this noble count. All the occurrence of my fortune since hath been between this lady and this lord.” 


Midoriya moves to stand by her side, which puts himself in between Todoroki and Ashido, and puts his hand on her shoulder but turns his head towards Todoroki and Uraraka’s direction. “So comes it, lady, you have been mistook. But nature to her bias drew in that.



You would have been contracted to a maid; nor are you therein, by my life, deceived. You are betrothed both to a maid and man.” 


Todoroki also turns his gaze to Uraraka, who wears a surprised, but tender expression. “Be not amazed. Right noble is his blood. If this be so, as yet the glass seems true, I shall have share in this most happy wreck…” Todoroki’s line trails off at the end as he takes in just what his character said. Throughout the entire play, there were mixups and misunderstandings. But in the end, everyone ended up with who they were meant to be with and all wrongs were righted. In that moment, Todoroki has craziest idea to finally right his wrongs. To finally share in a most happy wreck. 


He steps forward, walking towards Ashido as he is supposed to do. But instead of pausing beside Ashido, he stops beside Midoriya. Midoriya blinks, probably confused as anything no doubt, and whispers, “Todoroki-kun?” 


Todoroki clears his throat. “Boy, thou hast said to me a thousand times thou never shouldst love woman like to me.” Midoriya’s pupils shrink so much that Todoroki can barely see them in a sea of green.


“Wh-what are you doing?” Midoriya whispers hurriedly as his eyes flicker over Todoroki’s shoulder to the house. 


“Just say the next line, I know you know it.” Todoroki says loud enough for Ashido to hear. She immediately snaps her agape mouth shut and gives Midoriya an encouraging nod. 


 Midoriya turns to face Todoroki as Ashido would have. “And- and all those sayings will I overswear; and those swearings keep as true in soul as doth that orbèd continent the fire that severs day from night.”


“Give me thy hand.” Todoroki holds his own for Midoriya to take. There is a surprising lack of noise around them, save for Todoroki’s heartbeat hammering in his ears. It feels as if everyone in the auditorium, even Midnight in the house, is holding their breath as Midoriya looks down at Todoroki’s hand for a moment. 


Todoroki doesn’t dare to look at anyone else. The only thing he can focus on is the red staining Midoriya’s cheeks, which look even rosier under the blistering stage lights, as he cautiously reaches for Todoroki’s hand and takes it. 


“Yes!” Todoroki hears Uraraka squeak from stage right. The outburst almost calms him, like he’s got someone supporting him, and gives him the extra boost he needs to make his move. 


It requires some quick translating in his head, but he’s pretty sure he gets the message across when he says, “Midoriya, I apologize for all my transgressions, but so please you, these things further thought on, to think me as more than a friend. One day shall crown the alliance on’t, so please you....?” Todoroki shuts his eyes and bows his head, waiting for a response. 


Moments of silences aren’t something Todoroki can’t handle, but this feels like torture- hearing Midoriya mumble “uhms” and “uhs” while gripping his hand tight. This is it, Midoriya’s going to say no and their friendship will be ruined forever. He sighs in defeat, lets go of Midoriya’s hand, starts to straighten his posture. 


“Just fucking say yes you fucking nerd!” All eyes are on Bakugo, whose voice shatters the silence and effectively presses pause on the entire world. But Todoroki immediately looks up at Midoriya, face pale and eyes so wide they’re about the size of the stage lights. 


“Ka-Kacchan?” Midoriya’s voice cracks. 


“I told you to talk to him didn’t I? Here’s your chance!” Bakugo practically spits as he crosses his arms. 


 Midoriya looks around at everyone (some nod their heads in agreement with Bakugo while others, Uraraka, give him a thumbs up) before finally settling his anxious gaze on Todoroki. His small adam’s apple bobs as and his cheeks start to flush red again. 


“It would please me, very much Todoroki-kun,” he says slowly as his face turns to a shade that would make a tomato envious. Todoroki can’t even get a response in, let alone process that Midoriya 

actually 

wants to date him, before the entire class breaks out into whoops and cheers, running to embrace them both- sandwiching their bodies in a tight circle of arms and ornate costumes. 


As he struggles to breathe, he manages to catch Midoriya’s eye. All the tension that built between them melted away in an instant and what’s left is their smiles, stretching from ear to ear with tears rolling down their cheeks. 

 

Epilogue


“How long?” Midoriya asks as they walk back to the dorms with only the sidewalk lamps to guide them through the darkness, enjoying the cool breeze, sound of cicadas, and the feeling of Midoriya’s shoulder bumping against his. The show is over and went surprisingly well despite the typical hiccups that happen during student productions, missed cues and set pieces being pushed on stage at the last minute. Fuyumi and his mother attended the production, which he greatly appreciated, and Endeavor was notably absent, which he appreciated even more. They brought him flowers and kissed him on the cheek, showering him with praise for his acting even though Todoroki felt like he didn’t deserve it. 


Still, Todoroki feels a small sense of pride knowing that he didn’t miss any of his lines and managed to make it through the entire show without spacing out; which was increasingly difficult since he can openly gaze at Midoriya without feeling any shame because Midoriya is his 

boyfriend

 now. Being able to experience the show for the first time without lingering anxiety was truly amazing. But he’s certain that he never wants to be an actor or set foot on stage ever again. 


“I don’t know, a while? I haven’t really been able to put a name to my feelings until a couple weeks ago.” He half laughs his response and runs his fingers through his hair to brush his bangs out of his face. In the past twenty four hours, Midroiya and Todoroki have been inseparable, save going back to their respective rooms to sleep, and Todoroki has no clue how he survived this long without Midoriya by his side. Being able to go up to his friend and casually joke like they used to but also know that his feelings are returned is liberating  


Midoriya puffs up his cheeks and blows out air. “Oh boy,” he sighs and stops walking. 


Todoroki walks a couple of paces ahead before realizing Midoriya stopped. “Oh boy?” He turns to look at his 

boyfriend

 who looks absolutely stunning, with his doe eyes and millions of freckles that Todoroki can’t wait to discover, under the lamplight. 


“I’ve had a crush on you since the a little after the sports festival.” 


“The sports festival?” 


Midoriya nods. “Yeah, of our first year,” he sounds apologetic as he picks at his fingers. He’s nervous, but he’s also telling the truth. Todoroki wants to kick himself, they’ve really wasted so much time haven’t they?


Todoroki walks over to Midoriya and presses their foreheads together. “Good thing it’s almost summer break, we can make up for lost time then.” He takes Midoriya’s hand and gives it a squeeze. 


“Yeah! You’re coming over right?” The request makes Todoroki’s chest swell, like he’d been tapped by Uraraka’s quirk and could float away. Thankfully, Midoirya’s still holding his hand. 


“Of course…” He wants to say more, but the words leave him as he gets caught up in their closeness. He can see everything again, just like that night in his room. Only this time, when Midoriya lifts his head slightly and leans in even closer, he doesn’t pause or back away. He lets himself get carried away and closes the distance between them, slipping his eyes shut and wrapping his arms around his boyfriend for a kiss that he’d been craving for so long. A kiss that would put any happy Shakespearean ending to shame. 




Chapter End Notes
I can't believe it's finally here! Sixth months later and here we are, perfect timing for summer! For the final time, I'd like to thank my beta Ran for everything. Seriously she's one of the reasons why this fic is complete and squeaky clean. I'd also like to thank you, the reader, from the bottom of my heart. This fic really opened my eyes to how truly amazing this community is and I can't wait to see what the future has in store for us all. 
And in the words of the Bard--
"But that's all one, our play is done,And we'll strive to please you every day" 
Thank you again.



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



