



Just like a Star across - nutaella - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Just like a Star (across the sky)
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/9287879.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Kim Taehyung | V, Min Yoongi | Suga/Park Jimin, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster/Kim Seokjin | Jin
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Kim Taehyung | V, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Seokjin | Jin, Min Yoongi | Suga, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe - College/University, Fluff and Humor, Road Trips, Getting to Know Each Other, Kim Taehyung | V & Park Jimin are Best Friends, Jeon Jungkook is Whipped, Strangers to Lovers, Kim Taehyung | V is a Sweetheart, They're both Weebs
Stats:

        Published: 2017-01-11
        Words: 16007
      

Just like a Star (across the sky)
by nutaella
Summary
'I couldn't help but notice you're watching a show that I really like instead of studying in the middle of lecture' AUor where Jeongguk just wanted to sleep but this cute blonde guy is Hella Cute and Jeongguk just wanted to know his name
Notes
lotsa time skips and all but it's fine—this is 99.99% fluffy and 0.01% slight angst—if that was even considered angst or i just wanted to share some emotional bull (seriously i tried to be sad but idk) and!!!! rated t because of ONE, honest, swear word because of yoongi :))))) but i'm crying (and laughing) because yoongi has literally two (or four idk) dialogues and both namjoon and hoseok had one. ONE FOR EACH OTHER I'M SO SORRY i mean this is taekook-centric so i think it's okay????and yes title came from like a star

          See the end of the work for more notes




Just like a Star (across the sky)

 ♡     To say Jeongguk is bored—was an understatement. He is truly, sincerely, and absolutely bored he just wanted this lecture to finish. He is also sleepy, to add to his boredom. He just wanted to go home, eat, watch some good anime and sleep. Jeongguk groaned lightly and rested his cheek on his palm as he tried, really tried to focus on his professor, but to no avail, his head kept on rocking back and fort.He looked at his laptop screen, which was opened to be used (read: supposed to) for taking notes. He sighed and was about to close it when his eyes caught something not too far in front of where he was seated.He was sitting at the last row of this huge lecture hall and the professor doesn't care about whatever his students are doing while he was speaking nonstop in front of the hundreds of students.The guy sitting beside Jeongguk was already asleep, snoring even. The raven haired guy snorted lightly and his wide eyes darted once again to the guy sitting two seats in front of him. The guy was wearing a black beret, resting on top of his obvious dyed, blonde hair. Jeongguk shifted slightly to take a peek of the guy and almost (as in almost) snorted loudly to see the guy focused on his own laptop, watching anime.Watching Fairy Tail in his laptop, inside the huge lecture hall, instead of listening to the professor and studying. Truly, freaking amazing.Jeongguk couldn't help but let out a small snicker as he sat back properly to his seat and a sly smirk was formed on his lips.He was amused, and interested. Most especially that Fairy Tail Guy (he named the guy) is watching anime. Which is truly amusing. (And he must be cute, Jeogguk thinks)









"No, what the duck, Jiminnie?""Taehyung—you're twenty-two, who the hell uses duck as a swear word?"Taehyung, tall blonde, with those long (pretty—that's what Jimin had said) legs, sighed. "Chimchoms, I used to work at a daycare back in summer before I entered college, do you expect me to swear in front of them?" He asked.Jimin, short grey haired, with those amazing muscles and abs (total opposite of his best friend potato who goes by the name Kim Taehyung), rolled his eyes and gently jabbed his friend on the stomach. "Whatever, Tae. Anyway, as I was saying." He cleared his throat."Please get me Yoongi hyung's number."The younger (Taehyung is younger by two months, believe me) narrowed his eyes and crossed his arms at his best friend. "Give me a good reason on why should I?" He said. Jimin narrowed his eyes at his friend as well, hands rested on his hips. "Because I saved your sorry butt from bullies back in kindergarten."A pause, and a sigh. "Fine. Don't you have a better reason? That was like sixteen years ago. But you owe me this time, Tinkerbell."Jimin snorted and kicked Taehyung's leg. "Fine, Wendy."Taehyung snorted and a smirk was playing on his lips, "At least I get Peter."The shorter male rolled his eyes, "Wendy didn't end up with Peter, you stupid peanut. Wendy grew up and had a family."The taller male scoffed and hid his hands inside his sweater's pockets, "Well at least she didn't have unrequited love. And Peter loved Wendy back for once.""Duck you, Wendy." Jimin glared. "Duck you as well, Tinky."Taehyung wore his victory smile.
"Uh... How am I supposed to get Yoongi hyung's number?" Taehyung asked as he and Jimin both walked towards their dorm building's cafeteria. Jimin shrugged, "Not my problem." Taehyung groaned, "You are the one in need, why am I suffering?"Jimin tilted his head and smirked lazily at his best friend, "Because," he paused. "You love me."Taehyung winced but placed his arms around Jimin's shoulder and pulled the elder closer. "Well that, I can't deny."Both giggled."Hey." A pink haired male smiled as both Taehyung and Jimin approached the table. "Hey Jin hyung." Jimin greeted and sat beside the pink haired. Taehyung on the other hand, was seated across the two. Seokjin, a senior, Theater Arts major, and a great friend of the two, smiled and leaned forward to ruffle the blonde's hair. "How are you two?" Jin asked.Taehyung grinned, "We're fine! And Chimchoms here—" he patted Jimin's head which made the shorter male groan, "—is a lovesick puppy."Jin raised an eyebrow, "Yeah? Enlighten me." He chuckled. Taehyung grinned and wiggled his eyebrows, "He like Yoongi hyung." Seokjin gave Jimin an amused glance before nudging him with a smirk, Jimin blushes. "And! He wants me to get Yoongi hyung's number." The youngest said. "Which I don't know how."The eldest nodded and a small smile appeared on his lips. "Well, you could go to him? And directly ask his number?""Hyung, are you serious? What if he asks why—which I'm pretty sure he will. I can't just say that I need it because Jiminnie wants it. And—how subtle could that be?" Taehyung said, blinking twice after. Jin chuckled and looked at his dongsaeng, amused. "Mhm, his roommate?""Yoongi hyung has a roommate?" Taehyung asked. Jin nodded, "Yeah. Namjoonie mentioned it before. He's new—a sophomore. From the other dorm building beside the Arts department. Joonie told me he moved to the dorm building beside Financial department that happened to be Yoongi's dorm as well." The two nodded. Taehyung pursed his lips and sighed, "How would I know him? I can't just barge in their dorm—I mean, I am a twenty-two year old single mofo who happens to have dignity in him.""Ah really?" Jimin deadpans. Taehyung kicked his best friend's leg from under the table earning a hiss from the shorter male. Jin chuckled again, "His name is Jeon Jeongguk, a Financial major."Taehyung and Jimin eyed their elder hyung, "How do you know so much?" The pink haired hyung only smiled and winked, "Namjoonie."


(Jin then hides the fact that he has Yoongi's number—to make this amusing) 






With laptop in his backpack, Taehyung walked towards his lecture hall. His usually beret—or beanie covered, blonde hair was now uncovered and really messy. As in, really messy. Taehyung was smiling and humming to a song that he'd heard earlier when Jimin was singing inside their dorm's bathroom—not that Taehyung is complaining. Jimin has an absolutely nice voice.Upon entering the lecture hall—the same, huge lecture hall for his Finance class—that he really doesn't know why he's taking this subject, like what does Finance had to do with Arts? Only few students are inside, and Taehyung doesn't really care that much. He smiled at his classmates for this subject as he pass by them and walked towards the same spot he was sitting on last week.That same week that Taehyung got really bored in class and instead of taking notes—he watched Fairy Tail in his laptop. Not that the guy beside him really care—I mean the guy was pretty much wasn't listening as well, he was playing with his phone or something.Taehyung sat down and opened his bag to pull out his laptop and placed it on the space in front of him—the arm of the chair that has enough space for his Macbook. He hummed again in satisfaction as he clicked the folder that has them Fairy Tail episodes in it—ah, before anything else, he grabbed his earphones from his (very loose, pink) sweater and placed both buds on his ears.Sighing in contentment, he played the episode where he had left of, and smiled to himself. Students began filing the lecture hall, and Taehyung was still engrossed on the anime he was watching.
Raven hair covered by a black beanie, wearing a black sweater, black skinny jeans, and black boots—were enough for Yoongi to ask his roommate and close friend, "Jeongguk, are you attending a funeral?" Not to mention, he also has a black backpack.Jeongguk chuckled to himself as he remembers how his Yoongi hyung's eyes and nose scrunched when the elder asked him that question. He silently hummed a song while he was walking, earphones on his ears, with his phone on his hand. The only thing that aren't black on him was his earphones (it's white)—his phone is colored Jet Black.He slid the door to the lecture hall he's attending today—Finance. Even though he's a financial major—he couldn't really help not to be bored by this subject, especially when your professor is already at—you know, elderly age. Quietly—well not really, when some girls in his class are looking at him like he's some kind of celebrity (which is half true—since he's the Hot Attractive School's Heartthrob kind of guy—and he's also great at sports) as he walked inside the hall. He gave them a simple smile and nod and walked towards his usual seat—far from people's reach, uppermost left corner.Walking towards the uppermost corner of the hall is not as easy as it seems. From almost 87% of the halls' seat (which is about 80 seats out of he doesn't really care how many seats) that he has to walk pass to, there are also some students who are giggling at him like some lovesick high school teenagers—I mean guys, they're in college. Young adults, almost in their mid-20's.So as an anti-social baby (that's what Namjoon calls him—and he swore he ignored his hyung the first time the elder called him that) and who really hates attention and craves peace and silence—squealing and giggling like teenage girls (well technically those students are girls, but aren't they considered ladies now?) are a no no in Jeon Jeongguk's vocabulary.Well except this really amusing guy sitting alone at the far end of the row, laptop in front of him and—is he watching Haikyuu?Jeongguk stood behind the said guy awkwardly—whether or not he'll sit beside the Obvious Hella Cute Guy If You're Into Anime And Shit like that or to watch the guy behind secretly (that is hella creepy, Jeon Jeongguk). Oh! Obvious Hella Cute Guy™ was the same guy he saw last week! That same guy whom he saw watching the same anime while their Finance lecture was going on.Obvious Hella Cute Guy (whom he remembered he named as Fairy Tail Guy ) seemed to notice Jeongguk's stupid presence (like why is he even standing stiffly behind the blonde guy) and paused his anime before turning his head to look up at the anti-social baby (credits to Namjoon once again).Jeongguk was right—Obvious Hella Cute Guy is definitely and absolutely Hella Cute™. Blonde, messy hair that reaches above those obvious thick, brown eyebrows, pink thick lips that are slightly parted, and ohmygod his eyes. They're really pretty.Hella Cute Guy smiles at the awkward stupid guy who is wearing all black—ready to attend someone's funeral in case there are. And God, won't Hella Cute Guy get any cuter? Jeongguk had a hard time suppressing his urge to just bring both his hands to the other's cheeks and squish them like his life depends on it."Hello." Hella Cute Guy greeted. Damn that voice.Jeongguk flinched, and scratched his nape awkwardly (like how many times did he really feel awkward just by standing behind this guy really). "Hi." He greeted back (really Jeongguk, real smooth bro). Cute Guy grinned—and damn, Jeongguk therefore proved that yes, this guy could get cuter.Cute guy with blonde hair, big, pretty eyes, tan skin and is wearing an oversized sweater, and is watching Haikyuu in his laptop—is definitely surpassing Jeon Jeongguk's ideal type in a person.( "I thought your ideal type was the emo-kind of type just like you?"
"Yoongi hyung, I've changed."
A snort was heard,  "Right." )"Why are you standing there? Do you want to sit beside me?" Cute Guy asked and Jeongguk, not trusting his own words—gulped and sheepishly smiled. "Uhm, not really—I mean, yeah I guess I could? I mean, could I sit with you? Ah—I mean beside you, if you don't mind that is? Ah wait—that's hella weird, uhm. You know what? I think I'll just shut up." Jeongguk said before his ears went to a pink shade making the cute guy laugh—the beautiful kind of laugh."Of course—you can, you can. Come on." He smiled and patted the seat beside him. Jeongguk blinked twice first before walking his way towards the seat and sitting down on it. Cute guy grins and Jeongguk couldn't help but smile as well.  Taehyung don't know how, why, and WHERE did he even get the confidence to talk to this Hella Hot Dude™ that was standing behind him earlier. He wasn't sure how he managed to not stutter in front of the Hot Dude because the dude is really, absolutely, without fail, hotter in closer view.He really did does his best not to blush, but he know he's failing. Hella Hot Dude was smiling at him earlier—awkward with him and stuttering which is kind of cute but when the hell did he start that smirk? Taehyung inwardly sighed and subtly breathed deeply."I'm Kim Taehyung, Arts Major." He smiled and held out a hand. Hella Hot Dude smiled and grabbed his hand, and wow, the dude's hand is surprisingly warm despite the Cold Hella Hot With Those Piercings demeanor he has. "Jeon Jeongguk, Finance major."A flinch.Taehyung froze and Hot Guy, Jeongguk, looked at him in confusion. "Uhm, are you okay?"The elder blinked twice before a grin escaped his lips, confusing Jeongguk even more. "Your name is Jeongguk?""Uhm, yeah?"Taehyung grins and held Jeongguk's hand tighter (not that the latter mind, Taehyung's hand is soft and warm). "I know this is a bit weird—which is truly weird." He cleared his throat. "Uhm—I kind of, ah—have something to ask you. If you don't mind, of course." He said before letting go of the other's hand (much to Jeongguk's displeasure).Jeongguk, confused and all, but shrugged it off and looking at Taehyung, "Yeah? What's it.""You see—my best friend, whom I should not really name, likes someone and wants me to get this someone's number for him.""I see..." Jeongguk nods his head slowly."And well, you see, the person he likes is—Yoongi hyung. Your roommate?"Jeongguk halted and furrowed his eyebrows, "Uhm, how did you know?"Taehyung blushed and scratched his cheek, "Ah well, I kind of knew Kim Seokjin? Namjoonie hyung's boyfriend?"Some bells rang inside Jeongguk's head, wow. Kim Seokjin and Kim Namjoon, two of his closest friends, knew a Cute Guy Whose Name Is Taehyung. Wow, how could they even hide the guy from him?"Yeah? So I assume Jin hyung told you about me, rooming with Yoongi hyung?""Yeah." Taehyung said. "But Jin hyung told me you're new? A sophomore? From Arts departement?"Jeongguk raised an eyebrow. "What?""Huh?"The younger shook his head, "Nope. I'm a Finance major ever since I was a freshman. I've been rooming with Yoongi hyung for almost two years, and he's a really close friend of mine. Alongside Jin hyung, Namjoon hyung, and Hoseok hyung."Taehyung gasps and dramatically placed a hand on his chest, "I've been fooled."Jeongguk let out a hearty laugh—which made Taehyung's heart skip a beat. "Seems like you have been."Taehyung pouted and crossed his arms. "I can't believe Jin hyung—! Ah how could him! Now I'm pretty sure he has Yoongi hyung's number!"The younger chuckled again and watched Taehyung's movements. He's adorable—that's a fact. Even though Taehyung is as tall as Jeongguk—the latter obviously knows and sees that he's buffer and his body is a lot bigger than the male beside him. And Taehyung's lean and slim body under that huge sweater makes him even more adorable and it makes Jeongguk want to tuck the other in his pocket to protect him from all evil."So, you need Yoongi hyung's number?" Jeongguk asked.Taehyung nodded his head and shyly smiled, "Uhm, yeah. If you don't mind? I mean—I kind of knew Yoongi hyung and we often talk to each other when we see in campus, but I haven't really got the chance to have his number." Taehyung mumbled.Jeongguk chuckled an pulled out his phone from his sweater's pocket. "Yeah sure, I mean you did say it's for your friend, right?"The elder nodded. "Yeah.""Here." Jeongguk said and let Taehyung see his phone. The latter then pulled his own phone from his pocket (his phone is the exact opposite of Jeongguk's! If the younger's was Jet Black, Taehyung's was Rose Gold).Once Taehyung was done saving Yoongi's number, the elder pressed home and almost cooed at the wallpaper. It is a picture of Jeongguk, in a white toga, smiling beautifully with a rolled up paper with blue ribbon on his hand.Jeongguk looked at his phone and widened his eyes as he realizes Taehyung was staring at his high school graduation photo, taken almost two years ago.Taehyung gave back the phone to Jeongguk with a small, adoring smile that the latter couldn't decipher whether it's a smile of amusement or a smile of something else."Are we meant to be or something?" Taehyung suddenly asked. Jeongguk looked at him and raised an eyebrow."Huh? Why?"Taehyung chuckles and pressed home to his own phone and Jeongguk cackles and smiles as he sees that Taehyung's wallpaper was the elder's photo taken when he graduated from high school as well, almost three years ago. Smile so big, his dyed blonde hair was once black in the photo and he really seemed so happy."This was taken by my mom." He smiled. "She was so proud, really proud of me."There was something in his voice that Jeongguk's knows there is something wrong but he decided to not push and ask some more. Instead, the younger smiled and stared at the beautiful picture on Taehyung's phone. "Yeah, my parents were really proud of me as well." And there was silence."So—uhm, I'm not sure if you like anime, but I'm hoping you do?" Taehyung suddenly asked. Jeongguk chuckled and gave the elder a side smirk, "I love anime. And I do love Fairy Tail."Taehyung blushed and shyly gave Jeongguk the other bud, "Watch with me?" He asked.The younger let out another laugh and gave the elder a grin, his bunny (it's so so so adorable) teeth are showing. "I thought you'll never ask."














Jimin wheezes and choked on the milkshake he was drinking. Taehyung grinned and gave his best friend his own phone. "Omygod—how?" Taehyung chuckles and shrugged, "Heh, ways."The shorter male narrowed his eyes, "I need details."A blush crept on Taehyung's face and it's enough to have Jimin widening his eyes, "No way.""What.""You've met his roommate.""Oh you mean Jeonggukie?"Jimin falters and thought for a second, "What? Jeonggukie?"Taehyung grinned again, "Yeah, I've met him." Jimin gaped, "How?" The younger of the two smiles and played with the hem of his sweater, "Turns out he's my classmate in my Finance class—we've met last Tuesday."It's already Friday.Jimin glared at his best friend and kicked the younger on the shin, making Taehyung hiss in pain. "And you have no plans on telling me this?!"Yikes™Taehyung held his arms up, "I forgot, okay? I was busy."Jimin rolled his eyes, "Yeah, busy watching anime." The other just gave him a grin."So," Jimin eyed his best friend. Taehyung raised an eyebrow, "So?""So, how is Jeongguk?""He's fine? I mean, he said he has a class at one." Taehyung said and sipped on his iced coffee. Jimin narrowed his eyes again and sipped on his milkshake, "You guys—talk?"Taehyung looked at Jimin, confused. "Well duh, of course? I mean, what is wrong with you? You're weird today." Jimin shook his head and a small smile crept on his lips but the younger didn't notice it since it was behind Jimin's cup. "Interesting." He mumbled.The blonde haired male looks confused and Jimin could only laugh inside his head. Oh boy.



 Jeonggukie 
are you free tomorrow, hyung? tae
  yep, why?nothing
i mean, can we go grab some lunch or something idk
nevermind oh ggukie 
  of course!!! jimin's out tomorrow so i'll be alone :(((  great!
 uhm, i'll fetch you?oh!! no need no need!
where are we going anyway? we could just meet there!
no need to pick me up :) oh, uhm. actually
 i'm planning on taking you somewhere ah really?
  w   here!!  
somewhere... far. uhm don't worry!!! you're safe ㅋㅋ 
i don't actually trust that lol jkjk but anyway, sure! i'll just inform jiminnie!
 okay.
 i'll pick you up at 9 am if that's alright 
it's okay! i assume you have a car? lolll
 
hahaha yeah i have i have.

 
great!! i'll see you then? ;)
 
see you! gnight hyung :)
 
nighty nighty jeonggukie! <3
  "Yah, put your damn phone down and sleep will you?" Jimin groans and pulled Taehyung's phone from the younger and placing it on top of the small table between their beds. Taehyung chuckled and tucked his head inside his blanket."Chims.""For Pete's sake—sleep will you?""Chims, this is important.""What."Taehyung breathed deeply and stared at the ceiling, "Uhm, Jeonggukie kind of asked me... Uhm, out? I suppose?""What.""Jimin." Taehyung groaned. Jimin shifted and turned to his side, elbow propped on the bed with his head resting on his palm, while he is facing Taehyung. The latter did the same and the two males had a staring contest.Taehyung was the first to blink. "He asked you out?""Yeah? I mean he told me he wants to take me somewhere?" He said, though really unsure of what he was actually saying. Jimin muttered something but Taehyung didn't hear it. "Ah, whatever. So, are you telling me this to inform me?" Jimin asks.The younger smiled and nodded his head, "Yep. Ggukie told me he'll pick me up at nine tomorrow.""Wow, you've only known each other for four months. That escalated quickly."Taehyung blushed and groaned, "Yah. Nothing is escalating. And are you sure it's not directed to you and Yoongi hyung? I mean you've only started talking four months ago but here you are, happily in love." Jimin blushed but he gave out a chuckle and laid back down, "Whatever, Taehyungie. Go to sleep! I'll help you prepare tomorrow." Jimin says before closing his eyes.The younger slowly laid back and stared back at the ceiling again. "Why do I need to prepare..."
  
"RISE AND SHINE TAEHYUNGIE!!"
Taehyung groaned and turned around to cover himself with his blanket. Jimin hissed and pulled the covers away from his best friend who groaned again and curled himself into a ball. The older male would've let Taehyung sleep some more since it's Saturday. But nope, it's a special day for two special people and Jimin must make it extra special."Tae!! Come on! Up up!"Taehyung hissed and slowly opened his eyes to glare at his best friend. "Chim—it's Saturday please let me sleep."Jimin clicked his tongue and jumped on his friend—earning another groan. "Come on babe—today is a special day! You have a date with Jeonggukie!"Taehyung's eyes opened and turned around, facing Jimin. "What?""What, what? You were the one who told me you have a date with Jeongguk today. He'll pick you up at nine?"The younger's eyes widened. "Oh my gosh—what time is it?!"Jimin grinned and sat up, patting his friend's stomach. "It's only 10 minutes to seven."







"Are you sure it's okay?" Taehyung asks.Jimin rolled his eyes and slapped his best friend's butt (it's cute, even Yoongi admitted). "Tae, you're cute. And really, the moment you started dressing yourself decently, you'll look even cuter." Taehyung pouted and straightened the few folds on his grey turtleneck sweater. "I dress decent, okay?""Yeah, because baggy pants and cut out sweaters are decent." Jimin mocks and grabbed the pair of black Doc Martens Jimin had gave the younger last year for Taehyung's 21st birthday. "They're comfortable, okay?" The younger defended and wore the boots."Yeah whatever. Aren't you going to grab some bag to put your important things or something." Jimin asks. Taehyung looked at him and then to the small black bag hanging on the chair at the side. The younger grinned and winked, "Borrow?" He asked and pointed at the said bag.Jimin rolled his eyes but grabbed the bag and gave it to Taehyung. The shorter male was about to say something but was interrupted when someone knocked on their dorm's door. Both males froze and looked at each other, eyes wide. "Is that Jeongguk?" Jimin asked."How am I supposed to know?" Taehyung retorted. Jimin rolled his eyes and stood up from sitting on his bed and scurried towards the door. Taehyung on the other hand, continued grabbing some few things from his desk."Hey Jeongguk!"Jeongguk smiles at the shorter male. "Hey."Jimin grinned and wiggles his eyebrows, asking the younger to come inside the room. Jeongguk mumbled a soft thanks quietly and walked inside, immediately spotting Taehyung on the other bed (who didn't even spare a glance at Jeongguk! The audacity), stuffing some stuff inside his bag. He felt a nudge on his side and looked up to look at Jimin's knowing smirk. "Don't do anything stupid." He whispered.Jeongguk rolls his eyes but glanced back at Taehyung who then realizes that he hasn't greeted the younger so he turned his head and smiled, waving his hand. The younger smiled back and nodded once, before returning to answer Jimin. "Hyung, I wouldn't.""Just make sure to bring him back in once piece, alright? You know the deal."The younger snorted and nodded his head. Despite him, obviously has no plans on respecting Jimin, who is two years older than him—he definitely respects the elder, and is scared of the shorter male as well. It might be funny for other people—thinking that how is Jimin, small, mochi like angel (that was what Taehyung had described his best friend before—which Jeongguk totally disagrees), could possibly be scary if he looked like he couldn't even hurt a fly? Well, that's where people are absolutely wrong.Park Jimin, that short male who has a body of an adult—face of a kid, and the voice of a teenager, is the exact opposite of what people expects him to be. Yes, Park Jimin is an angel, but hurt his best friend? He'll turn to a freaking devil and you'll regret messing with him. Jeongguk hadn't experienced it yet (not that he wanted to!) but he had seen Jimin went all berserk and beat the crap out of someone who had the courage to actually sexually harass Taehyung. Well, the guy was supposed to, but thanks to Jeongguk and Jimin's fast intuition and reflexes, it was stopped.All Jeongguk did was stand there, hug Taehyung as he covers the elder's eyes and ears, face buried on the younger's shoulder, and watch Jimin beat the guy, screaming profanities that Jeongguk was afraid Taehyung would hear. But what is truly amazing is that—after being the little devil he was, Jimin have this amazing quick change in face and mood that he became soft, like the angel he was, to Taehyung as he calm and talk to his best friend soothingly.It was a really, an eventful day that Jeongguk prays it won't happen again.So nodding his head and bringing his hand up, Jeongguk seriously looked at Jimin's eyes. "I promise."Jimin chuckled and nodded his head, "Yeah. Don't worry, just—enjoy your date." He winked.Jeongguk choked on his own saliva and cleared his throat. "I–uh, uhm."The elder laughed again and playfully pushed the younger. "I'm just teasing. But, really. Both of you need this." Jimin smiled. Jeongguk returned a grateful smile. Despite being scared of Jimin and their other hyungs (because all of them are really protective of Taehyung—which is really expected), Jeongguk is glad and grateful that they have them to help them and guide them in time of needs. And for that, Jeongguk is forever thankful."Hey. Sorry for the wait."Both Jeongguk and Jimin looked at Taehyung, who was shyly smiling, with the small bag on his hand and his phone on the other. Jeongguk smiled and shook his head, standing up from Jimin's bed (yep, he casually sat on Jimin's bed, because that's how rude he is) and straightening his own black (he really loves black and white—like he owns 45% black clothes and another 45% for the white ones and 10% for others) sweater. "It's okay hyung. Let's go?" He asked.Taehyung nodded and glanced at Jimin who was smiling at them like he's Taehyung's mother or something (well technically he is). "Enjoy out there, yeah?"The blonde grinned and nodded his head, "Of course. Enjoy with Yoongi hyung too, okay?"Jimin blushes and playfully shoved his friend away. "Ah whatever Tae—now go! Shoo shoo!"Both younger males laughed and with one more look and hug, Taehyung then went off with Jeongguk. Jimin was still at the door, watching the two males disappear from his sight, before shaking his head with a fond smile on his lips and entering their room again and closing the door behind him.Ah, young love.




"Wow." Taehyung mumbled and blinks twice when he spotted Jeongguk's car in front of their dorm building. Jeongguk chuckled and unconsciously rested his left hand on Taehyung's back and gently pushed the elder towards his vehicle. "This is yours?" Taehyung asked as he slowly run his hands on top of Jeongguk's black colored Ford Ranger.The younger chuckled slightly and opened the door for Taehyung, "Yes, but my parents gave it to me last year for my birthday—so technically it's still theirs." He smiled. Taehyung chuckled as well and went inside the passenger's seat and Jeongguk jogged to the driver's seat."Ready?" Jeongguk asked as he grab a hold of the gear handle [i deadass wrote maneuver gear and had to search for the inside parts of a car omygosh hahaha] and steering wheel. Taehyung watched Jeongguk in anticipation as a smile crept to his face. "Yes." He said.Jeongguk smiles and started to drive—and Taehyung has no idea where they're going. But he's with Jeongguk, and being with the younger male means fun, excitement, and new adventures. And Taehyung don't really care wherever they go as long as he's with Jeongguk, he knows he's safe and he'll enjoy.






  
Roadtrips are fun.
Especially when you have a great companion, loud music, and food to eat while on the road.To say that Jeongguk is prepared was an understatement.Taehyung was really surprised when Jeongguk told him there is food at the backseat, whilst turning around and saw a box full of sweets and some bread with few junk foods. Jeongguk also told Taehyung about the small cooler at the car's floor that has few drinks in it.Nonetheless, Taehyung doesn't ask Jeongguk any more questions. Instead, he smiled and chuckled in amusement.Taehyung wasn't really sure where Jeongguk is taking him, but he's really enjoying this time. Hoping and wishing that this day could last longer—just the two of them, together. Singing to various Kpop songs and other foreign ones—with Taehyung rapping to some songs that makes Jeongguk laugh out loud because the other was obviously failing—with them casually harmonizing their voices together when some ballad song is playing—ah, will this day get any sweeter? Apparently, yes. Taehyung had proved that this day could get sweeter than before. After almost two hours of driving and singing inside the car—Jeongguk eventually stopped the car and parked in a nice, shady vacant space somewhere.The view is breathtaking, spectacular, and Taehyung would want to stay here forever. His eyes lit up at the sound of waves crashing on the seaside, few people swimming in the sea, few people walking around, couples sharing their moments together, and few families happily bonding with one another.Taehyung love it. He really does. Jeongguk knows and he smiles. The elder looked at Jeongguk with his eyes bright with happiness and wow, the younger thinks Taehyung is brighter than the sun itself."Do you want to swim?" Jeongguk asked as the two of them stood side by side, watching the beautiful scenery in front of them."What? I mean—yeah I would love to—but I have no clothes?" Taehyung asks. "And if you had planned on taking me to the beach, why didn't you say so? We could have pack some clothes or something." He added. Jeongguk chuckles and winked at Taehyung (he pretends his heart didn't leap at that), "Well, it won't surprise you if I told you. Besides—"Jeongguk paused and opens the trunk of the pick-up. Taehyung took a peek and was genuinely surprised once again to see two bags inside, and the other was really familiar. The younger opened the bag and ta-dah! "Before I asked you to come with me, I have already asked Jimin hyung about this." He smiled."I had a hard time convincing him, to be very honest, but I'm really glad he actually said yes for you to come with me." He explained and grabbed some clothes from the bag and giving them to Taehyung. "I told him I planned on taking you to the beach. So he was the one who insisted on packing your things because he knew how lazy you are." Jeongguk laughed. Taehyung blushed and muttered, "I won't deny that.""So, whatever are inside this bag—Jimin hyung was the one who packed it." Jeongguk said and opened the other bag—which is obviously his own. He pulled out a red swimming shorts and a towel."Go change inside the car, it's heavily tinted so no worries." Jeongguk smiled. Taehyung, although still bewildered, managed to nod his head and slowly climbing inside the car with Jeongguk closing the door for him.It took him three minutes to change, so he went out to let the younger change himself.Jeongguk already have his sweater disregarded—now he's only in his white shirt and his raven hair which was covered with his beanie earlier was now messy and uncovered. The younger smiled and went inside his own car and changed."There's a public restroom in that villa over there." Jeongguk said as he points the huge, white building at the side. Taehyung nodded and both of them then walked towards the seashore, barefooted.There are only few people in the beach and Taehyung was surprised to know that the swim in the beach is free."Hi! What are you doing?"And it wasn't a surprise when Taehyung approaches three little kids playing with the sand by the shore. The three kids looked up at Taehyung and gave the blonde smiles that made the two males coo at them."We're making a sandcastle!" One of the three kids beamed.Taehyung's smile widened and sat beside them. "Can I join?" He asked. His eyes landed on the obvious parents of the three kids and smiled at them, bowing his head in respect as the parents returned the gesture, nodding their heads as a permission on letting him play with their kids."Of course hyung!"Jeongguk watched him play with the three kids. He was sitting near the kids' parents who are watching them as well. A small, fond smile was on his lips and the lady, the kids' mother, looked at him and gave him a smile. "Is he your boyfriend?" She softly smiled.The young male looked at her in shock as a blush went to his face. "Ah—he's, he's my friend." He managed to say. The male beside the lady laughed, obviously her husband and the kids' father. "But you obviously like him." He teased. Jeongguk's blush became redder. "Ah—"The kind lady smiled and patted his head, "If you like him, and he's your friend, don't worry. You're still young and being friends are the first step in entering a relationship." She smiled. "I could see how much you value him not just because he's your friend, but because he's special. And I could also sense the hesitation in your eyes." She chuckles. "Don't worry, you don't have to rush into things if you aren't ready. Just remember that love, comes with sacrifices and risk takings. If you won't take a risk, you won't know if he likes you back."Jeongguk slowly nodded, his eyes are still fixed at Taehyung who was giggling while he play with the kids.The three kids are actually triplets, Daehan, Mingyuk, and Manse. Taehyung was absolutely captivated by the triplets' charms and cuteness because the blonde almost, as in almost forgets that he have a companion. But Jeongguk wasn't complaining. He was really happy that Taehyung is enjoying their 'date'. However, the fun came to an end when the kids' parents, who had introduced themselves as Song Ilguk and Seungyeon, told their children that it's time to go.Four consecutive 'awwws' were heard and the two elders laughed including Jeongguk. "Come on, kids. We need to pack up and bathe all three of you." Seungyeon says, smiling at her three whining kids.Taehyung chuckles and gave each kid with a soft pat on the head, "Hyung will see you again, yeah?" He said. The kids' eyes lit up and nodded their heads. "Taetae hyung will play with us again?" Manse asked as he grab Taehyung's hands with his little ones. Daehan and Mingyuk also clung to him. The blonde giggles and nodded, "Yes, hyung will play with you again." He smiled.Each kid giggled and gave Taehyung a kiss on the cheek before holding out their pinkies. "Promise us, Taetae hyung!" Daehan beams.Taehyung laughed and linked his right pinkie to each kid. "Taetae hyung promise.""Yey!"So eventually, the parents asked Taehyung's number so that they could communicate and the kids could talk with Taehyung.The three little children waved at the two males as they walk away, and the parents did as well. Both Taehyung and Jeongguk smiled and returned the gesture as they watch the family walk away.Once they were gone, Taehyung sighs in contentment before turning to look at Jeongguk with a smile. "Thank you." He said. The younger raised an eyebrow but still gave Taehyung a smile. "Why?" He asked."For bringing me here. I'm really grateful."Jeongguk chuckles and leaned back, his hands resting on the sand, supporting him. "I should be the one thanking you—for coming with me." He smiled. Taehyung smiled as well and leaned to his side resting his head on Jeongguk's shoulder, like it's the most normal thing to do."I wouldn't say no, anyway."The younger let out a hearty laugh. "Well, I'm glad." Taehyung laughed.His eyes focused on the gentle waves on the sea as he watch few children play with their parents in the water. "It's been... A while since I actually came to the beach." He suddenly said."Yeah?" Jeongguk says, urging Taehyung to continue."Yeah. I was, maybe eighteen that time." He says. "I love the sea, honestly. I love going to beaches, play with my siblings, swim—I love everything. I would always take a short break on swimming and walking back to our car, pulling out my sketchbook and sketching the beautiful scenery of the sea." He chuckled. Jeongguk smiles."But I stopped coming to the sea after I graduated high school, three years ago." He mumbled. Jeongguk frowned, "Why? If you don't mind me asking." He muttered."Ah no, not at all. I suppose I should tell you my story anyway." Taehyung chuckled and smiles as he continue."I'm the eldest amongst three siblings. As per usual, parents have high expectations for their eldest child. My dad actually wanted me to take some business related course or even finance. But really, I already have a goal in life." He paused. "I've always wanted to be a painter." He said."My mom acknowledged my love for painting and art and my two other siblings do too. But my dad doesn't. Whenever I bring my sketchbook with me and draw and paint whatever I wanted, he would always scold me and tell me that I was just wasting my time. Why would I put an effort to something that won't help me in surviving. One of the reasons why I had stopped going to the sea is that because it reminds me of how much my father doesn't believe in me—" He said. "Once I've told them that I wanted to take Arts as my major in college, my dad got angry and told me it's very stupid." He mumbles. "But I really, really wanted to be a painter. So I fought, stood for myself.""My mom and siblings all supported me besides my father. But I don't—think about it now, knowing it's already my third year and I'll be graduating soon. I love what I am doing—so I don't really regret it. And I can't believe I'm here, in front of the beauty of the sea—missing every part, loving it even more." He smiled.Jeongguk smiles. "I'm happy for you, hyung." He mumbled."But—I honestly, think it wasn't worth it most of the times." Taehyung added, eyes hesitant. "I mean, I'm a no one, I mostly rely on Jiminnie, I am clumsy—I'm an idiot," He breathed deeply, "And I don't do things right. So I, I sometimes think that I shouldn't have decided to stood against my father—it worries me because, because he told me if I don't succeed—I can't ask for their help managing my finances." He mumbled.Jeongguk frowns and brought his hands to Taehyung's and gently gripped them, "Hyung, you're amazing. You're nice, you're funny, you're beautiful," Taehyung blushed at that. "And most importantly, hyung, even though your father didn't believe in you—you still have your mother, your siblings. Our friends. You have Jimin hyung, your I quote, Best Bro For Life? Our hyungs, Yoongi hyung, Seokjin hyung, Namjoon hyung, and Hoseok hyung. You have me. We are always here to support you, and we believe in you. You will succeed, Tae. I am sure of that. So, don't worry alright? Stay positive! Where is my Taehyung who carelessly watches anime in the middle of lecture? The Kim Taehyung who doesn't care if he wears loose, cut out shirts he cut by himself because he liked a video tutorial on Pinterest? That beautiful hyung who smiles so bright at us, even Yoongi hyung's frown turns to a smile whenever hyung attempts to give bad pick-up lines?"Jeongguk smiles and wiped the tears that flows on Taehyung's cheeks and pulled the elder to a gentle and warm embrace, "You're amazing, hyung. And I'm always here to support you." He smiles.A silence engulfed them and it's okay. Jeongguk continued to rub soothing circles on Taehyung's back as the elder subsides his sobs.A little while later, Taehyung shifted and pulled back, looking at Jeongguk. "How about you?" He asked, sniffling a bit."Me?""Yeah."Jeongguk pursed his lips, "Well uhm—unlike you, who stood up for yourself, I didn't have the courage to do so." He said, laughing a little. "Dad wanted me to take finance or whatever major regarding business since we have a business.""I actually wanted to take Dance or Arts as my major." He said. "Wanted to be an idol—though that is totally impossible by now." He chuckled. "But my dad opposed to my dream—saying I won't succeed and I would just, fail.""I believed in him more than I believe in myself, leading me to where I am now." He said. "But—as I think about it, maybe choosing this path is not that bad after all." He laughed. Because if I haven't chose this major, we wouldn't have met in our Finance subject."So, maybe I had regrets before, but I think this is kind of right. Besides, my dad and I are okay now, and I kind of liked taking Finance."Taehyung chuckles slightly, nose scrunching up a bit he looks in front. "Well, whatever the future holds, it's for us to find out. Whether it's good or bad, I'm sure we could fight our way through it." He smiled and looked at Jeongguk who was staring at him. "Yeah." The younger mumbles.The elder grins and held his fist towards Jeongguk, "To our uncertain but I'm sure we could make it a better future!" He beamed. Jeongguk laughed lightly and gently bumps his fist to Taehyung's. "To our bright and wonderful future." He said.Both laughed and enjoyed the breeze together.They are now having a late lunch (because they've forgot to eat earlier when they arrived—it's almost two in the afternoon now) at the villa—which is also a restobar. "Wow, this is really good." Taehyung commented.Jeongguk chuckled, "Yep.""Oh by the way, how did you manage to find this place? It's beautiful." Taehyung smiles. Not as beautiful as you. Jeongguk wants to say."Ah—my friend told me about this place. He'd went here with his friends last summer and I really wanted to check it out." Jeongguk replies, taking a bite on the steak he ordered. Taehyung hummed and sipped on his Strawberry juice. "I love it." He said, smiling at Jeongguk."I'm glad you do." Jeongguk smiled back.

"Oh, our date is not yet done?!" Taehyung beams as Jeongguk told him he would take him somewhere else. The younger laughs and nodded (totally setting aside that Taehyung called this roadtrip, a date), starting his engine as he ran his fingers through his damped hair. The elder blinked and clapped his hands. "Oh! Where are you taking me? I really like how you've planned this day." He chuckled.Jeongguk laughs and fought the urge to blush (but he's sure the tip of his ears are flushed pink by now). "Yeah well," I wanted to make this day extra special for someone who's very special.Jeongguk started to drive, allowing Taehyung to open the windows to have fresh air instead of the auto's aircon. Blasting songs again, both males happily sang with the music and dance if they could. Maybe the people inside the cars that would pass by them already thinks they're insane, crazy, but they actually paid no care. They are enjoying and they are happy. Isn't being happy what matters?"Ah! Are we going to Busan?!" Taehyung suddenly shrieked. Jeongguk laughed, partly amused on how did Taehyung know? "Yeah, how did you know?" He asked.Taehyung turned to look at Jeongguk with bright, excited eyes. "Yoongi hyung once drove Jimin and I to Busan before to visit Jimin's hometown! We had actually planned on taking the train, but Yoongi hyung told us it's more fun if we drive our way there. Saying it's more enjoyable, and he said that Chim once mentioned that I love roadtrips. We took this road before." He said.Jeongguk chuckles. "Well, that is unusual for Yoongi hyung to actually put an effort on driving all the way from Seoul to Busan.""I know right! But I was really happy—even though most of the ride was really me, being a third wheel. But it's fine, I love Jimin, so seeing Jimin happy makes me happy as well." Taehyung says, smiling. "And I'm really grateful that Yoongi hyung actually decided on driving because of me—because I love long drives." He laughed. "I really like hyung for Chims. They're complete opposites yet they have the pieces to complete each other. I think I'm in love with their relationship even more than I love my own.""You're single." Jeongguk deadpans.Taehyung glares at him and slapped his arm. "I know, okay? That was why." He rolled his eyes. Jeongguk chuckles, "Well, it might change in the future." He wiggled his eyebrows. The elder blushed but he let out a light giggle, "Well, I'm up to it." He grinned."Hyung, do you have classes on Monday?"Taehyung looks at Jeongguk and raised an eyebrow, "None, why?"The younger grinned and shook his head, "Well. Drive to Busan takes almost 6 hours so we'll arrive there at night later.""But it's just Saturday?" Taehyung asks. Jeongguk glanced at him with a smile before focusing back at the road, "Hyung, I drove all the way to Busan to visit my family, of course I'll stay there for at least a day."Taehyung's eyes widened, "What? But—but why are you taking me?""Because—I wanted to." He smiles.The elder blushed making Jeongguk laugh again. "Don't worry hyung—they'll like you. My mom, hyung, even my dad. My nephew and my niece—and I'm sure even my brother's wife." Taehyung blushed even harder, covering his face with his hands. "What are you saying—omygod." He groaned.Jeongguk let out a hearty laugh again.








It's passed 9:30 in the evening when Jeongguk finally stopped the car. Taehyung was passed out, sleeping soundly beside Jeongguk. The younger smiles and wore off his seatbelt and opened his door to walk to Taehyung's side. Carefully and slowly, Jeongguk opened the passenger's door and immediately held unto Taehyung to prevent the elder from banging his head on the side.Jeongguk pulled the seatbelt away from Taehyung and quietly swooped the elder up in one go—surprising Jeongguk on how light Taehyung is, despite him being tall. Locking the doors by pressing something on the key, he walked towards the front door.Fumbling on the keys on his pocket, Jeongguk eventually grab a hold of what he was looking for and inserted the small metal in the keyhole on the door and pushed it open. (He does not know how he opened the door when he is carrying Taehyung—don't ask how)"Mom?" He softly called.Jeongguk hears few shuffling from the living room and few voices that definitely belonged to his family. A small smile crept to his face as he looked down on the sleeping male on his arms. Beautiful. He thinks.A woman in her early 40s fumbled as a wide smile was on her face while walking towards Jeongguk. She gasped lightly and examined the male on her son's arms. She looked up with bright, excited eyes at Jeongguk. "Is he Taehyung?" She softly asked, as she gently rested her palm on the blonde's cheek.Jeongguk chuckles lightly and smiled, "Yeah.""Oh honey." His mother breathed out and smiled. "Let him sleep in your room, yes? Go on, then head to the living room. Your father misses you too." She smiles. Jeongguk just nodded and went to take Taehyung upstairs to his room—the room he'd missed so much.With the help from his mother from opening the door for him, Jeongguk placed Taehyung on his bed—he chuckled as he sees the old Iron Man bed sheet and duvet he uses when he still live here—technically he still does but he's in college now and he lives in Seoul.Jeongguk carefully pulled the shoes from Taehyung's feet and then he covered the elder with tue duvet. He smiled and brushed the few hair blocking Taehyung's eyes.He quietly went out of his room and walked downstairs to meet his parents once again."Hey sweetie." His mom greeted and motioned him to come forward to meet her embrace. "I missed you." She said and Jeongguk chuckled, burying his face on his mother's shoulder. "Mhm, me too."His father was next to pull him to a hug, "Missed you kid." He chuckled. Jeongguk laughed and patted his father's back. "Missed you too.""Is that Taehyung guy with you?" His father asks. Jeongguk grinned and nodded. Mr. Jeon laughs and patted his son's shoulder. "Your mon told me he's quite the beauty." He winked. Jeongguk blushed and cleared his throat, "He is.""Have you taken dinner?" Mrs. Jeon asks. Jeongguk shook his head, "Not yet.""Oh! Please do wake Taehyungie up! I'll prepare your dinner." His mother excitedly clapped her hands and dashed to the kitchen to prepare. Both Jeongguk and his father laughed in amusement."Well? You heard your mother." Mr. Jeon chuckled lightly. Jeongguk laughed and nodded before trudging towards the stairs. "Hyung?" Jeongguk softly called. Taehyung made no movement. The younger sighed and walked to his closet to pull some sweatpants he owns and walked towards the sleeping male once again and sat beside him. "Hyung.." He repeated. This time, Taehyung stirred and his eyebrows creased which made Jeongguk chuckle lightly. "Hyung, come on. Wake up."Taehyung groans and shook his head. "Go away Chim." He mumbled. Jeongguk laughed at that, gently bringing his hand to brush Taehyung's hair. "Hyung come on, you have to wake up. We need to eat dinner."The elder eventually (finally) opened his eyes and rubbed them with the bak of his hands—Jeongguk tried not to coo but whatever, Taehyung will always look cute in his eyes whatever happens. "Where are we?" Taehyung asked, slowly sitting up. Jeongguk smiled and petted the hair that was sticking up on Taehyung's head."Home."The other blinked twice, eyes roaming around the room and only gasping softly as he realizes, "We're in your house?!" He asked. Jeongguk grinned and nodded his head, "Yeah."Taehyung immediately stood up—accidentally pushing Jeongguk off his bed leading the younger to fall on the floor with a loud thud. The blonde gasped and immediately went to Jeongguk's side to help the younger stand up. "Ah! I'm sorry! Are you alright?!" He asked, eyes wide with concern. Jeongguk rubbed his butt and gave Taehyung a light chuckle. "I'm fine hyung. Let's go before my mom come nagging at us."At the mention of Jeongguk's mom, Taehyung's eyes widened and his grip on the younger's bicep (his bicep could choke a man omygod). "Th-they're here? Ah—I mean of course they're here."Jeongguk just chuckled and turned around to rest his hand on Taehyung's back to gently push the other male. "But before that, go change your pants to this," He gave the elder his sweatpants. "Bathroom's there." He pointed the door beside his table. Taehyung nodded and went inside the bathroom to change. Jeongguk grabbed another pair for him to change into.Both went out to walk downstairs as soon as they finished and Jeongguk let the elder borrow a pair of his spare slippers. (Jeongguk insisted on letting Taehyung borrow the Adidas ones but the elder giggled and grabbed the grey, fluffy slippers with a bunny design)Once they've set foot in the kitchen, and before Taehyung could even speak, his words were silenced and turned into a surprised squeak when he was suddenly attacked by a pair of arms wrapping his body. His eyes were wide and thanks to the hands behind him, he didn't fall."Mom! You almost made Taehyung fall!" Jeongguk scolded.The lady chuckled lightly and pulled from her embrace. She was beautiful, same bright, wide eyes as Jeongguk has, Taehyung felt warm—suddenly missing his own mother and warming his insides as if he's already home. "Hi." Jeongguk's mom finally spoke and smiled at Taehyung."N-nice to meet you, Mrs. Jeon." He greeted and bowed his head. Mrs. Jeon laughed and gently raised Taehyung's head and squeezed the blonde's cheek. "No need to be formal, call me Eomma."Taehyung blushed and nodded his head, "E-eomma."Mrs. Jeon chuckles and ushered Taehyung to the dining table and tells him to take a seat. Jeongguk softly smiled but playfully scoffed and crossed his arms. "Hello? Your son is here?" He teased. Mrs. Jeon looked at him and rolled her eyes. "Don't care."Taehyung giggled and looked at Jeongguk who pouted (very, very adorable) and walked to sit beside the elder. Mrs. Jeon then placed two plates in front of them and sat down across them. She smiled at Taehyung and gestured him to go on, "Feel yourself at home, Tae-ah."Taehyung looks at Jeongguk who just smiled and nodded his head. The elder blinked twice before smiling at Jeongguk's mother and began eating his food. First, he was still confused on how Mrs. Jeon knows his name—but that would be a story to be told later. "Where's dad?" Jeongguk asked. Mrs. Jeon chuckles, "He said he'll meet Taehyung tomorrow—too tired so he went to sleep."Jeongguk laughs and nodded his head. Taehyung remained silent as he eat, savoring the food Jeongguk's mother made for them."You know Taehyung-ah, Jeonggukie always talk about you whenever we call him."Cue, Taehyung choking. Jeongguk was fast enough to run towards their fridge to grab a pitcher and pouring some water in a glass, giving it to Taehyung. "Oh my—are you alright dear?" Mrs. Jeon was also quick to walk to his side who was now rubbing circles on his back. With a few more coughs, Taehyung cleared his throat and sat straight, "I-I'm fine, thank you.""So.." He started, glancing at Jeongguk who was staring at him in confusion. He blushed and looked back at Mrs. Jeon who's smiling at them. "He—Ggukie always talk about me?" He asks hesitantly.Jeongguk coughed and blushed. Mrs. Jeon laughed and nodded her head, "Yes! All the time! That was why we asked Jeonggukie to bring you here some time so we could meet you." She smiled. Taehyung looked at Jeongguk and smiled at him, "So this is the reason?"The younger sighed softly and nodded, "Yeah well, not really... I mean, I was really planning on taking you out so I just—thought why not bring you here as well." He mumbled, ears blushing at the shade of pink which is actually cute. Mrs. Jeon and Taehyung both chuckled at the younger Jeon. "Cute." Taehyung grins. Jeongguk glared at him, "Not." The elder just laughed again.In the end, Taehyung was then told to sleep at Jeongguk's (spacious) bed whilst the younger was told to just take the floor. Taehyung was against it, of course. But both Jeon's are stubborn that he gave up and agreed. Now, Taehyung was lying on the younger's bed and Jeongguk was pulling a duvet from his closet. Taehyung sighed and rolled on the bed, successfully making himself like a burrito with the duvet covering himself. "You sure you're okay sleeping on the floor? I mean—I could switch with you?" Taehyung said.Jeongguk sighed again and frowned, "Hyung, I told you already." He said and kneeled down to make his bed. "I'm perfectly fine. And you're my guest, I should be hospitable."Taehyung rolls his eyes and pouted. "Jeonggukie,""Taehyungie."Taehyung sighed again and wriggled out of his burrito, "But the bed is so big! Why don't you sleep with me?"
Silence.
The elder blushes (though Jeongguk didn't notice since it's dark) and waved his hands frantically. "I mean sleep beside me!"Jeongguk laughs and then smiled, "No, seriously hyung."The Pout™And Jeongguk swore he only have 1% of control and patience left and he might, MIGHT give in if Taehyung insists again. "Hyung." He grunted. Taehyung clicked his tongue and crossed his arms. "Jeongguk—I swear I won't stop talking and insisting you until you agree sleeping on your bed." He firmly said. Jeongguk sighed again for the umpteenth time before climbing to his own bed. "Seriously, the things I do for you."Taehyung's eyes lit up and he squealed—legit squealed lightly and clapped both of his hands. "Yey!" He quietly beams and moved a little to make space for Jeongguk (which is not hard to give since the bed is actually good for three persons).Taehyung smiles and laid down on the bed and pulling the covers up to his chest. Jeongguk rolled his eyes but chuckled and laid down beside the elder, body on his side and is facing Taehyung. Jeongguk pulled the duvet up to his chest as well as he felt Taehyung's warm feet underneath."Go to sleep hyung." Jeongguk said. Taehyung sighed softly before turning his body to face the younger as well. "No, you go to sleep first. I know you're tired."Jeongguk sighs and nodded his head. Not going to argue with that. He was deadass tired, considering he drove all day. And he doesn't have the energy left to argue with Taehyung even more. So he closed his eyes as he felt Taehyung adjust the duvet on their bodies and covered Jeongguk up to his chin. "Good night Ggukie." He hears Taehyung mumble and felt something on his forehead."Mhm, good night hyung." Jeongguk's last words before darkness consumed him.Taehyung watched Jeongguk and slightly chuckled when the younger's nose scrunched up again—because of his rhinitis. The elder smiled fondly and scooted closer to Jeongguk, feeling the younger's warm breath and hearing his soft snores. Taehyung brought his hand up to the other's face and gently brushed Jeongguk's hair."I love you." Taehyung mumbles but he softly laughed at himself because who was he kidding? He can't even properly say those words to Jeongguk face to face—when the younger is conscious. But Taehyung knows, and he is contented with what they have right now.Platonic? Maybe they are. They're best friends? They might be. But—he is sure that whatever feelings he has for Jeongguk, is not the same feelings he has for Jimin. Jimin, his platonic soulmate since forever, his childhood best bud whom he loves so much—his heart tells him that what he feels for the younger is stronger.Sighing softly, he rested his arm on Jeongguk's torso and snuggled closer to Jeongguk's body. Much to his surprise, the younger suddenly shifted and Taehyung felt the other's arm swinging and pulling him closer to Jeongguk's body. Taehyung was stiff, his eyes are wide that he needed to check on the other to see if Jeongguk is still asleep—which he is.Taehyung breathed deeply and gave in, snuggling closer (if that is even possible) and placing his head just below Jeongguk's chin. The younger tightened his embrace and that was the last thing Taehyung remembers before he fell asleep.






He, is not a morning person. Taehyung slowly opened his eyes when he felt someone poking his arm. Adjusting his blurry vision, he was met by Jeongguk's mother, who was smiling at him and motioning him to keep quiet. Taehyung nodded, gently, and carefully pulling from Jeongguk's (amazingly) strong embrace and sitting up. "Good morning Taehyung-ah." Mrs. Jeon greeted and caressed the blonde's hair.Taehyung smiles tiredly and rubbed his eyes, "G'morning, Eomma."Mrs. Jeon lightly chuckled, "Help me with breakfast?" She asks, smiling warmly at him. Taehyung nodded his head and slowly went out of the bed and walked straight to the bathroom to wash his face. "I'll be downstairs." Mrs. Jeon said and quietly went out of the room.After washing his face, Taehyung walked downstairs, to the kitchen as he straighten his sweater and rub his hair. Mrs. Jeon was in the kitchen, holding two mugs who smiled at Taehyung and gave him the other mug. "Do you drink coffee?" She asks. Taehyung smiled and nodded. She smiles.Footsteps were heard and Taehyung was about to greet the newcomer in though it was Jeongguk but stopped when he saw it's Jeongguk's father. He quickly bows his head, "G-good morning!"Mr. Jeon chuckled and sat down on one of the dining chairs as his wife give him a mug of his own coffee, "Good morning, Taehyung." He smiled. Taehyung blinks and then Mrs. Jeon chuckled lightly before pulling him to sit down. "So, Arts major?" She smiled.Taehyung slowly nodded his head, "Yes.""Wow, my Ggukie likes arts too. His hyung does as well." She chuckles. "You're very handsome, Taehyung-ah. No wonder why Jeonggukie likes you so much." Taehyung's heart pounded fast, his grip on the mug tightened."Jeongguk always talk about you." Mr. Jeon says, "That boy is obviously so whipped for you." He chuckled. "I'm sorry if it takes him forever to ask you out." Taehyung blushes and shook his head, "I—uhm, it's.. Okay? I mean.."Both Jeon's chuckled at him. "I see why Jeongguk is fond of you. You are single, right?" Mr. Jeon asks. Taehyung's eyes widened, "Yes.""Good."Mrs. Jeon chuckled and stood up from her seat, patting Taehyung's back slightly. "Let's go make some breakfast for us?" She smiles. Taehyung smiled back and nods his head.Jeongguk stirred, nose scrunching up as a yawn escapes his lips. Stretching, he tried to feel the supposed to be person sleeping next to him—but he felt disappointed to felt nothing. He turned around and saw no one beside him, the space where Taehyung was once sleeping was now cold, indicating that the other was up for some time now. Jeongguk sat up, rubbing his hair and looked at the time; 7:24AM. He furrowed his eyebrows, what is Taehyung even doing to be up this early?Wanting to know the answer, Jeongguk stands up and stretches his limbs once again. Washing his face, and then walking out to go downstairs. As he walk, he was greeted by the pleasant smell of coffee, fried rice, and the sound of something getting fried. He smiles and made his way towards the kitchen where he saw his father silently sipping in his coffee while reading something from the daily newspaper.Quietly, Jeongguk sat beside his father and greeted. "Morning." He mumbles. Mr. Jeon chuckled, "Morning to you too, kid."Jeongguk clicked his tongue and leaned back on his seat, "Not a kid anymore." He muttered and watched his mother standing beside Taehyung, both cooking something. Jeongguk smiles and stared fondly at the back of Taehyung's head which his father didn't go unnoticed. His father laughs slightly and shook his head, proceeding to read his newspaper."Jeonggukie cried when we didn't allow him to have Milo for dessert." Mrs. Jeon says, making Taehyung laugh. "Bonus, he was in his second grade in middle school that time." And that made Taehyung laugh out loud—making Mrs. Jeon laugh with him.Jeongguk and Mr. Jeon, who don't even know what the two are talking about, joined them in laughing—because that's just how Taehyung's laugh is. So contagious and very nice to listen to. "He likes Iron Man too," Mrs. Jeon added, flipping the egg from the pan. "I remember him hiding some Iron Man band-aids inside his closet. You can find them there." She winks, making Taehyung chuckle."He actually likes stuffed toys. He has a lot inside his closet. Have you seen the blue bunny on his bed? The one with the red ribbon tied on its neck?" Taehyung pondered for a minute, imagining Jeongguk's room in his head, before turning to look at her, eyes wide in amusement. "Yes I have."Mrs. Jeon chuckles lightly and turned off the stove. "That is Huffpuff, his favorite. Jeongguk had him since he was four."Taehyung giggles and helped Mrs. Jeon in carrying the plates towards the table. The blonde turned around to meet Jeongguk's eyes as he smile at the man. "Good morning, Ggukie." He greeted. Jeongguk smiles as well and nodded his head in acknowledgment. Mr. and Mrs. Jeon both smiled at each other as they settled down on the table, with Taehyung sitting across Jeongguk. The table was enough for six persons—probably because Jeongguk's hyung was living with them before. (Because the Jeon's are wealthy!)"So, Huffpuff huh?" Taehyung teased, making Jeongguk choke. The elder laughed lightly while Jeongguk's father chuckled in amusement as he pat his son's back in attempt to help (but he's also teasing). Jeongguk looked at him wide eyed, "Did mom tell you?" He asked.Taehyung looks at Mrs. Jeon who was laughing quietly and back to Jeongguk. He grinned and took a bite of his food. "She did."Jeongguk looked at his mother, face looked like he was betrayed (which he is, technically). "Mom," He whines making Taehyung snicker because—Jeon Jeongguk rarely whines. "I thought we had talked about this?" His mother laughed, "What? About Huffpuff? Why not? Taehyung thinks you're cute." Jeongguk grumbled and angrily took a bite of his own food. Taehyung laughs again and shook his head, "Honestly Jeonggukie? You're such a kid." He teased, making Jeongguk's parents laugh. "Isn't he?" Mr. Jeon asked, chuckling.Jeongguk gaped and leaned back on his seat, "Wow, I came home to have a good time but I honestly feel so attacked right now." He says.Laughter filled the table and they finished eating while chatting about school and life.Jeongguk was the one who volunteered to wash the dishes so Taehyung is now here, beside Jeongguk's mother in the living room—looking at their old photo albums with Jeongguk's adorable baby photos.Taehyung giggles as he browse through the album, with Mrs. Jeon smiling ever so fondly. "Ah look at this!" Mrs. Jeon beamed and pointed at the photo of Jeongguk in his uniform back in kindergarten, smiling so much with a stuffed toy in hand—oh! Huffpuff! But what Taehyung found amusing is that, in this picture, Jeongguk is missing two teeth. "This was the day he received Huffpuff. We gave him that stuffed toy when he made it to the top in kindergraten." Mrs. Jeon smiled. Taehyung smiled as well and flipped the page, the page contained pictures of Jeongguk and his brother, opposite of Jeongguk to be very honest. From the wide eyes that Jeongguk has, his brother has small ones. And his brother's nose aren't as big as Jeongguk's (not that it's not good, Jeongguk's handsome!). But they do have few things in common making Taehyung smile. "Do you have siblings?" Mrs. Jeon asked. The blonde nodded, "I have two younger siblings.""Ah, no hyung or noona huh?" Mrs. Jeon smiled.Taehyung chuckled and nodded his head, "Yes.. But we have close friends who are older than Jeongguk and I so technically, I have hyungs. My best friend, Jimin, is only two months older than me but I really do treat him as a hyung—though I don't call him hyung because he said I don't have to. And he gets mad when I do." Taehyung smiles, flipping the page again.Mrs. Jeon chuckles, "Jimin, huh? There was a kid I knew that has the same name. Jeongguk always teases Jimin resulting him to cry. But Jeonggukie just likes to play with him that's why. He lives across us—that beige house in front of this, but his family moved to Daegu so we kind of never met him again. They moved when Jiminnie was five. Jeongguk don't probably remember Jimin since Ggukie was only three that time." She chuckles.Taehyung looks at her, "They moved to Daegu? I'm from Daegu.""Oh? Really? Maybe you know them! Their family name is Park. I remember Jiminnie has a younger brother, three years younger than him." She smiles. Taehyung's eyes widened and he pulled his phone (that he kind of forgot that he actually have it) from his sweater's pocket and opens it to let Mrs. Jeon see his wallpaper."Is he the Jimin you're talking about?" He asked, eyes wide in curiosity. Mrs. Jeon then leaned forward to take a better look of the said picture and widened her eyes as well, "I think he is?""Oh wait, I have some old photos of Chim maybe you'll recognize him." He says and fumbled with his camera roll, scrolling up to find that certain old, child photo of his best friend. After finding it (at last after 2 minutes!! Because damn, why does he have almost 5,000 pictures), he let Mrs. Jeon see it as well."Oh my! He's the same Jimin! Wow! What a small country it is!" She beamed and clapped her hands. Taehyung giggled and started telling stories on how he had met his best friend to how's been their life in Seoul.Jeongguk walked inside the living room only to see his father quietly sorting out some few papers that he knew is from their business, and his mother who's giggling with Taehyung at the other couch. He chuckled lightly and sat beside his father who looked at him before smiling and shaking his head. Jeongguk went back on staring at his mother and Taehyung."You know, Taehyung is a great kid." His father suddenly said. Jeongguk looked at him curiously, "Yeah?" His father laughed and neatly stashed the papers inside its envelope before pulling his glasses off his face and carefully placing it back in its case. "Even though this is our first time meeting him, you could see how your mother warmed up to him, right?" Jeongguk nodded."You know your mom, Jeongguk. She's probably the pickiest person you'll know when it comes to whom she wants to be her sons' friends and especially when it comes to the person she wants to be with you." His father chuckles. "But I could see how much she likes Taehyung for you."With that, Jeongguk felt his cheeks got warmer, automatically bringing his fist up to his face as he covers his nose with it. "What—what are you saying?" He asks. Mr. Jeon once again laughed at his son, "Ever since you started talking about this—guy whom you've met in your Finance class, blonde, has a nice personality and is very kind, we actually wanted to meet him." He smiled. Jeongguk blinked in surprise, totally not expecting this kind of story from his father—especially from his father, who very much likely doesn't talk about these kind of stuff."Whenever we talk with you in Skype or Facetime, or even when we talk over the phone—we know, Jeongguk. We know how much you've became happy, we know how much you've changed over the past few months. And we know, we know that it's all because of Taehyung. You don't really have to admit anything, but we are sure you like him so much." His father says, before turning to him with a smile.Jeongguk hadn't said anything for a good two minutes—probably because of shock and—happiness? A small smile then formed on his lips and he let out a soft chuckle before running his fingers through his hair and leans back on the couch. "Oh—oh my god, dad. Dad, I can't believe." He laughed.His father raised an eyebrow in amusement but chuckled either way, "What?"Jeongguk's laugh subsided and he turns to look at his father then back to his mother and lastly to Taehyung, who's eyes are the prettiest thing he had seen, smile so bright that makes Jeongguk's heart flutters, soft giggles that makes Jeongguk's whole soul melt—ah, love. Jeongguk now has a fond smile on his lips as he stare at Taehyung, and his father catches it. The older Jeon laughed lightly and shakes his head, remembering how similar he looked back then as he stare at Jeongguk's mother, his loving wife."Thanks, dad.""For what, kid?"Jeongguk grins, "For making me realize that I am in love with him."His father laughed again and gave him an encouraging pat on his back, "Go for it. He's a nice guy, and I won't be surprised if a lot of other guys and ladies are after him." He winked. Jeongguk laughed lightly and nodded his head, "I know."






"Hello!" Taehyung giggles and crouched down to meet the kid's level. The kid, son of Jeongguk's hyung, smiled shyly and hid behind his uncle's leg who laughed slightly and crouched down as well. "Hey, Jeno, come on. Taetae uncle is nice." Jeongguk smiled and gently ruffled the kid's hair.The two year old kid shyly and slowly let go of Jeongguk and smiled at Taehyung. The latter beamed and giggled softly before bringing his hands to Jeno who brought his tiny hands on Taehyung's large ones and held his fingers. "Taetae uncle." Jeno said. Said kid is the eldest child of Jeongguk's hyung, Junghyun. Jeno's sister and their mother was left at their own house in some city in Busan.Taehyung giggled and gently held Jeno's hands, "Taetae uncle."Jeongguk smiled and stood up, walking towards his family and smiling at his hyung who was silently laughing. "I can't believe you didn't introduce him to us sooner." He teased and nudged his brother. The younger Jeon clicked his tongue and playfully punched his brother's arm. "I have no reason."Mrs. Jeon gasped softly and slapped Jeongguk's arm. "What are you saying? Just making our Jeonggukie smile and happy are enough reasons to introduce him to us!" She said. Jeongguk's ears flushed pink. "Mom! Stop embarrassing me oh my god." Jeongguk groaned.They heard giggles as they watch Taehyung play with Jeno on the porch. Both are sitting on the grass, talking animatedly, giggling occasionally. Jeno then pulled out his coloring book from his bag and a box of crayons, making Taehyung smile and there, both played and colored drawings. Jeongguk smiled at that, getting caught by his parents and his hyung, he flushed again as they tease.



"I had so much fun today, Ggukie." Taehyung smiles. Jeongguk hummed in acknowledgment as he sips on his cup of hot chocolate. Taehyung turned to look at the younger and chuckled lightly before taking a sip of his own."Thank you." He added. From staring at the wonderful night sky of Busan, where millions of stars illuminate the whole dark sky, Jeongguk turns his head to the beautiful star beside him. Smile so bright, eyes twinkling like stars above—honestly, Jeongguk doesn't even know which star he loves the most—but maybe, it was the star who is smiling so perfectly beside him. Jeongguk smiles, "I'm glad." He said.Both males are sitting outside, on the grass beside the house's porch. It's nearly nine in the evening and tomorrow, they will go back to Seoul—to reality. Sadly, this peaceful and wonderful trip to Busan only lasted for a day—but nonetheless, they've enjoyed and that's what matters. Taehyung sighs in contentment as he inhales the warm aroma of the hot chocolate Jeongguk had made for him, and stares at the beautiful night sky before them.No one is speaking but none complains. The silence is comfortable enough and they like it this way. With the chilly breeze of the night air kissing their cheeks—making their hair swing gently as it breeze. Taehyung, was once again wearing Jeongguk's clothes (because the latter had forgotten to tell Jimin beforehand that he's going to bring Taehyung to Busan—therefore the shorter male didn't prepare extra clothes for the night—but all is well, Jeongguk had informed the smaller male earlier) again, and is wearing mismatched socks (because Jeongguk didn't know where the other is), in his right foot is a black sock with lots of Iron Man heads as its design and the other is a pink ("it's a manly color!" Jeongguk groaned) and has lots of cute bunnies (once again, hear Jeongguk groan)."Hyung?" Jeongguk was the first to break the silence, making Taehyung hum and turn his head to Jeongguk.The younger is staring at him with wide, serious eyes and Taehyung can't help but shiver. Jeongguk breathed deeply and turned his head to look at the sky, "Have you ever see someone as if they are stars in the sky?" He suddenly asked, making Taehyung confused.The elder blinked innocently and furrowed his eyebrows, "Uhm..."Jeongguk let out a soft chuckle and placed his mug down on the grass. "A star that everytime you see them, you just—smile because they're so lovely and bright. A star that makes everyone's day shine bright, a star that illuminates darkness."The younger looked at Taehyung and smiles, making the latter's heart pound loudly. "And most importantly, a star that is hard to reach. A star that thought that they aren't beautiful, the star that thought they aren't enough—a star that thought he wasn't worthy.""He was wrong. Because I do think that I was the one who don't deserve him and isn't worthy enough to even be his friend because—" He paused, staring at the sky once again, "because, he's simply beautiful. And it—and it's amazing, amazing to think that I, a lone dull star, have this beautiful star to be my friend, an amazing star that shines brightly whenever he smiles.""And how wonderful to say that, that star, is sitting beside me." Jeongguk finished and looks at the now, flustered Taehyung. He chuckles lightly before bringing a hand to brush Taehyung's hair away from his eyes. "You're wonderful, hyung. Don't ever doubt yourself."Taehyung doesn't know what to say or what to react, really. He's just gaping like a fish (and Jeongguk thinks he's really adorable) and his heart was hammering inside his chest that he might collapse any minute now, but no. He needs to confirm something.With shaky breath and all, Taehyung opened his mouth to let out a sigh. He looks at Jeongguk who is smiling at him so fondly, so beautiful, and he feels so special—that Jeongguk sees him like he's some kind of a fragile glass that could break when handled carelessly (which he is, truly). "Are... Are you—?"Jeongguk laughs at that, raising his hand to run his fingers through his raven hair and Taehyung tries his best not to stare because—Jeon Jeongguk's side profile is so strong, so on point. Sharp jawline, nose on point, lips slightly pouted, teeth showing whenever he grins and the crinkles in eye—ah Taehyung knows that he falls in love even more.Jeongguk who tells him that he's a star while in fact, this beautiful human being beside Taehyung, is the real star here."Yeah hyung." Jeongguk says, a little breathless. He moves, turning his body to face Taehyung. The latter did the same, so now both are sitting crossed leg in front of each other."Tae, I—" Jeongguk started. "I like you so much hyung, like, I like like you. Like, love you. Uhm, not as your other best friend—but because I am me? I mean—uhm yeah." Jeongguk awkwardly laughs and scratched his nose. Taehyung giggles and wow that was adorable—he smiles at Jeongguk and slowly grabs the younger's hands to his—entwining their fingers."I love you too Ggukie—as me." He laughs. Jeongguk groaned but laughs as well, gripping Taehyung's hands tighter.They smiled at each other."Hyung can I kiss you?"Taehyung cackles—Jeongguk blushes. The younger got all flustered, his ears are so red which made Taehyung laugh even more. "Wow—oh my gods Jeonggukie. Of course—of course you can." He smiles.And that alone was enough to have Jeongguk gently pulling Taehyung closer to him and—wow what is personal space?Taehyung smiles between Jeongguk's lips as he brings both his hands up to the younger's neck whilst Jeongguk pulling the elder by his waist. The kiss was soft, sweet, with both of their eyes closed as they savor the moment of being this close together. Jeongguk tilts his head to deepen their kiss as Taehyung does the same (because both their noses get in the way).The younger was the first to pull away, hands still on Taehyung's waist as he rests his forehead on the other's. Taehyung still has his hands hooked on Jeongguk's neck and he was panting as well, eyes still closed but a smile was on his lips."This... This isn't a one time thing, right?" Jeongguk asks, eyes staring directly at Taehyung's brown ones and the latter swore he got double vision from how close their faces are.Taehyung laughs and closes his eyes again before pecking Jeongguk's nose. "No, no of course not." He says, smiling at Jeongguk who sighed in relief and pulled Taehyung closer to his body, resting his face on the crook of the other's neck. "I love you hyung." He mumbled.Taehyung giggles, gently running his fingers through Jeongguk's raven hair and inhaling the sweet scent of the younger's shampoo (was it lemon?). "I love you too, Ggukie."




Morning came like a flash, both males are now standing in front of the Jeon's front door, hands holding each other with grins plastered on their faces. Mrs. Jeon, who laughs softly at them, pulls them into a warm hug and kisses both of their cheeks."Take care, okay?" She said. Both males nodded their heads as Mr. Jeon patted their back lightly. "Proud of you both." He smiles ad ruffles his son's hair and grins when the younger Jeon groaned. "Take care, alright? Make sure to inform us when you get back to Seoul.""Yes Appa." Taehyung grins. Somehow, the eldest Jeon made Taehyung call him Appa, saying that it's unfair when Taehyung calls his wife Eomma. Honestly, the Jeon family is so cute. "Be sure to take care of each other. I'm so happy for you." Mrs. Jeon smiles.Taehyung and Jeongguk smiles at that as the younger pulled the blonde closer to him and gave his hand a gentle squeeze. "We will, thanks mom.""Alright now, off you go you two." Mrs. Jeon smiles and gently pushed them towards Jeongguk's car (which the male insists that it is not his—yeah yeah we get it). "Good luck with school! Fighting!" She chuckles.Both males smiled at the two Jeon's who were standing by the doorframe. They bowed their heads as a sign of respect and waved at them. "We'll see you soon!" Jeongguk said."Of course! Bring Taehyungie again, okay? Oh! And tell Jiminnie we miss him!" She laughed.Jeongguk looked at Taehyung in confusion and the latter just laughed. "Long story." He grinned.Mr. and Mrs. Jeon both watched the two males walk away, hands lovingly held by each other as they giggle to themselves. Mrs. Jeon smiles, "Ah, kids grow up so fast." Her husband laughs and proudly smiles at his son. "They do."



















"So, you're telling me—Jeongguk is the kid who used to tease me and the one who always make me cry back when I was still living in Busan?!" Jimin asked (read: yelled).Apparently, the two males reached Seoul earlier than they expected—it's half past three in the afternoon now and Jeongguk is in Taehyung and Jimin's dorm.Taehyung laughs and grabbed some chips from the bowl on top of the small, coffee table. "Yeah, Eomma told me. She even have few pictures of you and Jeonggukie." He snickered. "So cute."Jimjn raises an eyebrow at that. Did Taehyung just call Jeongguk's mother, Eomma? He then narrows his eyes at the two of them, eyeing them suspiciously. Come to think of it, what the hell is personal space with these two? Have they forgotten the meaning of that? Jimin stares at them in confusion and curiosity. Taehyung is sitting comfortably beside Jeongguk (not that it's new) but the catch is, Jeongguk has his arm resting on Taehyung's nape as his fingers casually plays with the blonde's hair who doesn't seem to mind it at all.Yeah, Jeongguk and Taehyung are close—but Jimin knows the two have limits. They aren't as close as he and Taehyung (so Jimin knows that he was the only person to actually to play with Taehyung's hair like that) and wow—Taehyung's legs are casually dangling on Jeongguk's thigh. Aren't what they're doing crosses some lines?
Unless,
His eyes widened in surprise as he chokes onto nothing. "Oh my god." He sputters.Both males looked at him in confusion. "Uh what?" Taehyung asks as Jeongguk chuckles lightly and lowered his hand to poke at Taehyung's cheek.Jimin screeches—he freaking screeches and it made the two other males wince at the pitch. The smaller male points a finger accusingly at the two while they stare innocently at the screeching male."You!""Me?" Both Taehyung and Jeongguk said at the same time."You! Are you—are you dating now?!"Taehyung gave his best friend a sheepish grin and Jeongguk cackles. Jimin screeched again and tackled Taehyung who bumped his head on the couch's arm (which is fortunately soft). Jeongguk shifted away to avoid Jimin's flailing legs.The blonde wheezed and laughed as Jimin tickles his side. "Oh my god I can't believe you!" Jimin laughs and continued to attack Taehyung with his hands. The latter laughs, and tries his best to push Jimin off him but damn—even though Jimin was smaller, he was still heavier. And Taehyung's weak due to too much laughing so it didn't help either."Ch—chim!" He laughs, "S-stop! Can't—can't breathe!" Taehyung gasped out. That was when Jimin decided to stop his attack and simply grins at Taehyung. Jeongguk was watching the two best friends with a small smile plastered on his face. Taehyung chuckles and gently tugged on Jimin's arm to motion him to stand up because Jimin is crushing his ribs."I'm so happy for you both." Jimin admits, after standing up. Jeongguk went back on sitting beside Taehyung who comfortably laid his head on Jeongguk's broad shoulders. The blonde male smiles and brought both if his hands to play with Jeongguk's right hand. "Thank you." He mumbles.Jimin looks at Jeongguk's eyes and gave the younger a slight nod and smile. Jeongguk returned the gesture and smiled fondly as he watch his hand being played by Taehyung. Jimin watched them and chuckles slightly because wow. Taehyung managed to hook his legs on Jeongguk's (strong) thigh as he continued to play with Jeongguk's hand. The latter have his free hand on Taehyung's blonde hair as he fix some few hair. Aren't they sweet?"Wow, aren't you fucking disgusting."Surprise! That wasn't Jimin, nor Jeongguk. Especially not Taehyung! All three males turned to look at the owner of the voice and met by a grumpy (when was he not, though) looking Yoongi, with a chuckling Seokjin behind him. Plus Namjoon and Hoseok smiling at them following the two eldest hyungs. "Hey babe." Yoongi greeted and lightly ruffles Jimin's hair.The grey haired male beamed and gave Yoongi a hug and a peck on the lips which made Taehyung and Jeongguk wince. "And yet you were the one who told us we're the disgusting ones." Jeongguk teased. Taehyung made a face of disgust (they're actually kidding—they do found their hyungs cute as well). Yoongi gave them a glare before settling down to sit on the sofa."Hello kids." Seokjin greeted with a smile. The two youngest males waved at their hyung. "Hi hyung!" Taehyung beamed as he grins."Hi." Namjoon greeted before sitting beside Yoongi. Jin disappeared—probably went to the kitchen now. "Hello!" Hoseok beamed and sat on the carpeted floor (honestly why carpet? Ah, Jimin had insisted)."Hello hyungs!"Well, there are times that these hyungs just suddenly barge inside their dorm without telling anyone—not that they mind anyway. Jimin and Taehyung likes company. And who are they kidding? Their hyungs plus Jeongguk, are always welcome inside their dorm. And this time is one of those times.Taehyung smiles fondly as he remembers Jeongguk's words back when they were at the beach the other day. He have these hyungs who are always here to support him. And he's more than happy to see that yes, Jeongguk is right. He have these hyungs to support him. And now, he has a boyfriend who loves him and supports him as well.He couldn't ask for more."Okay so, we might need to confess something." Jin suddenly said as they were now having dinner in the living room (because the dining area is too small for seven grown men). Taehyung and Jeongguk looks at him in confusion—eyeing the others only to see that they aren't confused as the two of them are."So, uhm." Jin cleared his throat. "Jimin go ahead."The said male chokes, Yoongi patting his back. "What? But hyung this was your idea!"Seokjin smiled sheepishly, "Come on, I cooked for you." He laughs.Jimin grumbled something like, 'I hate life'. He sighs before clearing his throat and looking at Taehyung and Jeongguk. "So, uhm. We might or might not set both you up.""What?" Jeongguk asks."Uhm." Jimin ponders for a second. "Tae? Remember that time when I asked you to get Yoongi hyung's number?" He asks. Taehyung slowly nodded his head so Jimin continued, "And remembered when Jin hyung suggested that you go talk to Jeongguk because he is Yoongi hyung's roommate?""Well, you see. Those might have been planned." Jimin grins.Taehyung's eyebrows creased and he turned to look at Jeongguk and raises his eyebrow as if asking the younger if he knew this. Jeongguk immediately shook his head and brought his hands up. "I have no idea." He says."I actually already have Yoongi hyung's number that time—he was uh, courting me? Then, he mentioned having a roommate—which is you, Jeongguk. He mentioned you're single, and uh.""Uhm, you see—we kind of, wanted the two of you meet because we kind of, think you two are meant for each other? Like both of you are into anime and crap, and we all know that the two of you are crazy—like the good kind of crazy. We actually planned on introducing you two to each other but destiny has its own way and you two met in your Finance lecture. Because of an anime." Jimin explains. The others laugh at them, because wow. Too much information."So, we didn't interfere after that. We observed how you two clicked well and how you two became close in a short span of time. Honestly, both of you are amusing to watch. Both completely comfortable yet so shy—you complement each other and that's what makes your relationship amazing." Jimin smiles.Taehyung blushes and Jeongguk simply rubs circles on Taehyung's knee. "And really, setting you both up is the most satisfying thing I have ever done. I mean, you both deserve to be happy. And I could see that you are. We're really, really happy for the two of you." Jimin chuckles.Jeongguk gave him a grateful smile as he held Taehyung's hand in his. "I think so too. Meeting Taehyung in that boring Finance subject is probably the best thing that happened to me ever since I started college." He laughs. "And falling in love with him is the next best thing." He smiles at the blushing male beside him.Everyone coos at them (yes, even Yoongi who tries his best not to make any unnecessary sounds but he fails) and smiles at them like some kind of proud parents they are (which they are, really).Taehyung looks up to meet Jeongguk's eyes and he smiles. The younger gripped the elder's hand tighter as he stare at those brown, beautiful orbs that always mesmerizes him.Jeongguk smiles softly as he thinks proudly in his head that wow, wow. What did he do to deserve this beautiful and wonderful star beside him? And wow, he can't believe that this star is his.The star that shines so brightly when he smiles that makes Jeongguk fall in love over and over again.      



Afterword


End Notes
this was probably the longest one shot i've ever wrote (for now lol we never know hekhek),, i hope you enjoyed!!!! <3come shout @ me (seriously why do i even tell you to shout at me,, uhm just come and talk to me nicely?? lol) in my twitter!!! my user is @nnutaella (because even though i have studied web designing before, i kind of forgot how to put hyperlinks lol)AND milo because heLP BEAT ENERGY ENERGY GAP BEAT ENERGY GAP DRINK MILO EVERYDAY!!!!!! (i'm sorry maybe only filipinos would get this overused joke, well not really a joke BUT STILL)AND!!!! i changed my username from @taelightfully to @nutaella because, just because lmao


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



