



Leave the Dusk Behind - diemarysues - Pu falsehiroakademia
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Leave the Dusk Behind
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/15969989.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
僕のヒーローアカデミア | Boku no Hero Academia | My Hero Academia
Relationship:
Aizawa Shouta | Eraserhead/Yagi Toshinori | All Might
Character:
Aizawa Shouta | Eraserhead, Yagi Toshinori | All Might, Yamada Hizashi | Present Mic
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence, Alternate Universe - Different First Meeting, 5+1 Things, Platonic Kissing, Not Actually Platonic Kissing, Oblivious, Pining
Stats:

        Published: 2018-09-12
        Words: 6617
      

Leave the Dusk Behind
by diemarysues
Summary
Early on in his hero career, Eraserhead meets All Might in a back alley as they both take down a bunch of gangsters. All Might's version of a 'thank you' starts an odd custom between them.Or: five times Yagi kisses Aizawa's cheek, and one time Aizawa returns the favour.
Notes
Title doesn't really have anything to do with anything, but comes from the lyric the sun is leaving the dusk behind and the moon seems brighter, which seems altogether erasermight to me. Let me be self indulgent.The whole point of making this a 5+1 format story was to have it short *smacks self* Enjoy.My love to PT for being a champ and betaing.

          See the end of the work for more notes




Leave the Dusk Behind


1.
 The first time it happened Shōta thought he’d been mistaken for someone else. Long hair, largely shapeless silhouette thanks to his clothes and weapon (a big pity according to nosy friends), the dark alley… maybe All Might had assumed he was a civilian who needed comforting. And no, it still didn’t make any more sense as an explanation than it did when he’d first thought it, but Shōta had no idea what to think. Certainly his brain had done a little short circuiting when he’d felt dry lips press firmly to his cheek. Flustered (mostly because of the kiss, but he was self aware enough to admit that meeting All Might in person for the first time was pretty special), Shōta had stiffened and made a swift escape. He didn’t file an official report; what was the point when he (illogically) wanted to avoid talking about All Might, who would’ve been at least 80% of said report? He put it out of mind, and after his post-patrol coma went to see what other jobs might sustain him long enough to make rent in time. (Emi kept trying to foist a babysitting gig on him, and while Shōta could understand how some quirks were dangerous and best suppressed when a child was too small and inexperienced to know to use it, he didn’t want to deal with any tiny hellbeasts. Ever.) To his surprise, he received a paycheck some days later, for the back alley gang fight he and that other hero had stopped. He didn’t think too much of it, vaguely grateful that he could put off a job search in favour of more sleep. It was only during a rare cleaning spree that he noticed the business card also tucked inside the envelope, with an unmistakeable silver symbol embossed on one side, and the words ‘thank you!’ written in English on the other side. His cheek tingled for no reason at all. He threw away the envelope, but kept the card.  
2.
 It was almost a two years later. Eraserhead was more established in the Pro Hero world (though not amongst the public and that suited Shōta just fine), which was why he’d been called in specifically today. A group of thugs had decided to empty out a high end jewellery store; three goons with mutant-type quirks and one who could manipulate the air in people’s lungs. Shōta was meant to handle the latter, obviously, and he could conceivably have taken out the other three at the same time. The police had other thoughts and while Shōta usually bowed to partnering up during missions, he’d hoped that All Might would have bigger fish to fry. But he was a professional. He got the job done and stuck around long enough to ensure all the civilians were out of harm’s way. Then, after a nod to the detective in charge, he used his capture weapon to loop around a balcony railing and hoisted himself up a nearby roof. He was definitely not escaping and he was definitely not annoyed when All Might followed him up with a single leap, landing in front of Shōta with a lighter step that he might’ve assumed for someone with that much power and mass. “Eraserhead! Before you left, I wanted to let you know I greatly appreciated you –” “I was just doing my duty. I neither need nor want credit.” The ever present smile did not falter. “That does not mean it isn’t due! The way you knocked out the villain with the gorilla arm augmentation was very impressive!” Shōta shrugged, thankful that his goggles and capture weapon and hair covered most of his face, and therefore most of his blush. “I know I should have just concentrated on –” “No, no! This is praise, not chastisement!” His hand came down on Shōta’s shoulder and should have been heavy. It wasn’t; if he was knocked off balance, it was for another reason. “You made a good call. As I understand, your quirk doesn’t work on fellows like that, so your combat skills must be to make up for it!” “I was not called in for combat.” The tiniest of frowns wrinkled that usually smooth brow. “Will it make trouble for you, then, if I were to reference the full extent of your aid?” “You don’t have to reference me at all. The police are fully aware of what I did.” “It’s procedure. I will still make mention of you in my report,” was the stubborn reply. “But if you do not want credit, then please accept my thanks.” And Shōta would have nodded and left, but apparently All Might’s version of thanks was to lean down and smooch him. And it was a smooch. That wasn’t a word in Shōta’s vocabulary, but there was literally no other way of describing it. All Might’s lips even made a smacking sound as he kissed Shōta's cheek, though the touch itself was as gentle as the last time. Before Shōta could react beyond the widening of his eyes – maybe he could have pushed All Might away, maybe activated his quirk to make the problem disappear, maybe demanded an explanation for this weirdness –, the Number One Hero straightened, winked, and returned to the store below with an unnecessary backflip. What the fuck.  
3.
 At some point this became such a norm that Shōta had begun anticipating the kiss and angled his face accordingly when All Might approached him. They didn’t cross paths that often, but it was still weirdly frequent despite their styles of work being so different. Shōta suspected that if All Might wasn’t often needed in other parts of the country (and the world) he may have ended up with a permanent imprint of the man’s lips on his cheek. To be honest, he hadn’t yet decided whether he would’ve minded this or not. All the same, it had been some months since he’d last seen Japan’s number one. Last he’d heard on the news there was some incident in Sapporo – a villain with a mini-earthquake quirk causing immense death and destruction – and figured that, alongside various other Pro Heroes, All Might would be tied up with that. Getting a phone call from him was entirely unexpected. Shōta usually made it a point to ignore calls from unknown numbers – which led to all sorts of problems since he’d only saved Nemuri’ and Hizashi’s – but he was bored of staring at the ceiling. He’d injured his wrist in a stupid mistake on a rain slick tiles and was off active duty for the time being, and catching up on sleep seem to elude him like it did most attempts. So when his phone rang, blaring the stupid Run to the Sun song Hizashi had programmed on it, Shōta lazily read through the unfamiliar string of numbers and then hit ‘accept’. “Hello.” “Ah, hello, is that – is that Eraserhead?” He shot upright so quickly that his head swam for a moment, reminding him that the last food pouch he’d sucked dry had been some hours ago – but that was unimportant. It was impossible not to recognise that voice. “All Might?” “Yes, it’s… I apologise, Eraserhead, for this sudden call. I hope I’m not interrupting anything.” “How did you get my number?” he asked instead of answering. There was a cough and All Might’s blush was almost visible through the phone. Then again, his blushes were a thing of wonder as Shōta had discovered on a couple of occasions. “There are some perks to my position that I… chose to take advantage of.” This started a laugh out of Shōta, which he might have regretted but for the answering chuckle he received. It was much nicer than All Might’s trademark laughter. More genuine and private. It also did a great deal to lessen the awkwardness of the call. “I hope I didn’t overstep any bounds by… doing all this.” He snorted. “Explain why you did ‘all this’, then.” A long pause settled between them. Shōta swore he heard a creaking in his ear, as if All Might were squeezing his phone too tightly. He vaguely hoped the call wouldn’t be cut off in an abrupt burst of plastic and glass; it’d be a bit of a disappointment after all that effort. Finally All Might sighed. “It may be easier to explain face to face. Unless you’re going to be busy on your patrols, in which case I understand that you’ll not be able to, but if it’s in any way possible I would like to – I mean, I –” “Where?” Shōta demanded. And that was how he found himself on the roof of an abandoned distillery only an hour later. The moon was barely a curved line of light in the sky but the stars made up for the lack, at the edge of the city as they were. He could still see All Might clearly, staring out into the night, dressed in proper civilian clothes – cargo pants and a dark jumper, instead of that yellow pinstripe monstrosity. He didn’t wear a smile. Shōta had only just reached his side when All Might spoke. “I’m afraid I can’t stick around long. I may have overestimated the amount of time I’d have in Musutafu and I’m actually late for a meeting… but I nee – I wanted –” He sighed. “I didn’t want you to have come all this way for nothing.” “Could’ve called again.” Shōta now had three numbers saved on his phone, so it wasn’t like he’d not have answered. The huff of laughter was quiet and easily lost in the crisp air. “Could have.” He frowned. “So if you’re late for your meeting but you still want to talk to me, then shouldn’t you get to it?” “Your candour is refreshing as always, Eraserhead.” Shōta barely refrained from exhibiting more of that candour, instead sighing shortly through his nose. He felt weirdly keyed up, like he usually did before going into a fight. As silence stretched between them again, he started positing all the possible announcements All Might was going to make; he wasn’t actually All Might, he was leaving Japan forevermore, his ‘meeting’ was actually one with a villain that could claim his life… none of them ended up being the actual announcement. “I want you to know my name.” All the adrenaline in the world wouldn’t have been able to prepare him for that simple sentence; what was going on? It was strange even to consider that All Might even had a name, as stupid an assumption like that was. The man was just that far above everyone else that he seemed not-human. And why would he share it with Shōta? “Isn’t that dangerous?” He asked when his tongue would form words, as if he didn’t already know the answer. “It is.” He looked off into the distance for a little longer, then turned. He reached out to rest his hand on Shōta’s shoulder, as he always did, only as he stepped closer it slipped downwards. The touch was feather light as it slid along his upper arm and moved to cup his elbow. It stayed there, gently holding (though Shōta noticed one strange twitch, as if All Might had wanted to move his hand further down but didn’t dare – maybe he’d noticed the bandages peeking past his sleeve). “I didn’t think you’d come meet me.” Shōta shrugged one shoulder, uncomfortable. What was he supposed to say when even he didn’t know why he’d made the trip without even considering otherwise. And he couldn’t shake off the feeling that this was some sort of goodbye. But where was it that All Might was planning on going that their little rendezvous wouldn’t happen again? He tried to think but could only see pale, pale eyes, a similar shade to the only tie Shōta owned. The grip on his elbow tightened, calling his attention. “Thank you,” All Might murmured, soft and earnest, leaning down as he’d done many times to kiss Shōta’s cheek. It wasn’t playful like every instance before this. For the first time All Might hesitated – and it was hesitation no matter how brief, the slight stutter of his breath fanning across Shōta’s skin a telltale sign. His lips were cold and belied how long he’d been out here waiting. Would he have continued waiting had Shōta been delayed or decided not to show? It was entirely possible going by the unmistakeable tinge of desperation held in his body; the way his hand trembled, the way he was pressed so close that his nose was digging into Shōta’s cheekbone, the way he lingered long after he usually would’ve pulled away. And his mouth was close enough to the corner of Shōta’s own that if he just turned a little – All Might pulled away, letting go of his elbow as he stepped back and immediately leaving Shōta cold. “Yagi Toshinori,” he said, bowing a little. When he lifted his head, blue eyes traced over Shōta’s form carefully and thoroughly, as if he was looking to memorise the sight. And then, with a leap and the soft rush of air filling the space he’d vacated, he was gone – and would be for the next five years.  
4.
 Despite the bandages over his eyes – and despite the bruising preventing eye opening even being possible – Shōta knew when Yagi visited him in the hospital. There was no announcement of his presence, only the door opening and a soft, sad gasp. The tread of the footsteps suggested which form he currently occupied. Shōta didn’t turn towards the noise, just tracked its progress to his bedside. But instead of the loud self recriminations and melodramatic requests for forgiveness, he felt a soft kiss this time to the top of his head. The thin lips lingered, a shuddering exhale of an apology breathed into his hairline, and Yagi was gone before Shōta could think of anything to say. It was the first kiss Yagi had given him since telling him his name, all those years ago. Some part of him had wondered if Yagi had just forgotten him and all that had happened. A bigger part of him knew that the avoidance had likely been due to Shōta’s prickly attitude when they’d re-crossed paths (which… he had no real explanation for). They would need to talk. But now his head was pounding and he needed a nap.  
5.
 They’d gotten closer (again?). It helped that they were on more equal footing – Shōta the more experienced teacher and Toshinori the more experienced hero – and that they understood each other better now. Certainly no more exaggerated overtures of friendship from Toshinori’s end and less prickliness from Shōta’s also helped smooth things over. So when Toshinori approached his desk and handed over what was obviously Shōta’s cat café card, he didn’t immediately snatch it away and glare, as he might have done months ago. Instead he settled for just the glare (which lost a little something in the face of that damn smile). “What?” “I found this in your sleeping bag,” Toshinori said quietly. “Doubtless you’d have recovered it eventually but I thought, since you’d so graciously allowed me use of the sleeping bag, that it wouldn’t hurt to be kind and return it.” “Except you would definitely hurt yourself to be kind.” He plucked the card from Toshinori’s outstretched hand, quickly shoving it into its place in his wallet. Though his eyes were downturned he knew the other man had not moved – though it’d always been difficult to ignore his presence, whether in his true form or as All Might. In the hopes of cutting short this awkwardness, still not meeting his gaze, Shōta cleared his throat and muttered, “Thanks.” “Not a problem! As I said, you probably would have found it sooner or later.” Though he knew that Toshinori meant this with no hidden meanings, he couldn’t help but hunch his shoulders a little, mind supplying the implication that he was clearly a regular to said café and would quickly notice the card’s absence. “Ah, Shōta, could I… ask you something?” Right, maybe not immediately snapping at Toshinori had been a mistake. Shōta disliked people teasing him for what he enjoyed, which was why he preferred not to disclose those likes. “What.” “Could I have the address of the café? I have the time now to try these things, you see, so I thought… since cats are nice. Or not all cats, some can be quite mean, but the same could be same of humans, haha.” He rubbed the back of his neck where it was turning pink. His blushes were still spectacular in this form, just in a different way; Shōta preferred these. “But I like cats. And if you’re a patron of this place then at least I know that’s a good review. It’s a bit of a strange request, I understand, but –” “Why don’t you just come with me the next time I go?” Shōta couldn’t even kick himself for impulsively blurting that out, because the expression on Toshinori’s face was like a flower catching its first glimpse of the sun. The man was even bouncing in place, excitement clear. “Really? It’s no trouble?” “If it was I wouldn’t have offered.” “Then I’d be very happy to do so, my man!” He stepped close and leaned down, thumb resting in the hollow of Shōta’s elbow and fingers curling over the armrest. It was like falling into memory; he lifted his chin, tilted his head for better access, eyes sliding shut so he could better experience the tenderness only Toshinori could deliver. He kept them closed when Toshinori pulled away, though remaining close enough that his lips caught a little on stubble as he said, “Thank you, Shōta.” “Mmhmm.” With one last stroke to Shōta’s arm, Toshinori straightened slowly as if he had all the time in the world. Something that was immediately shattered by a glance to the clock. He muttered a curse. “I’ve got class in ten minutes. Lunch?” “Didn’t you bring bento?” He grinned. “So I did. See you later!” Shōta didn’t deign to reply; he’d been distracted from work for long enough. He still kept half an ear out as he went back to typing, listening to Toshinori collecting his things and leaving the empty staffroom, whistling. This was also how he was able to hear the thumpthumpTHUMPTHUMP of booted feet before Hizashi’s hands slammed down on the table beside him. He sighed. “SHŌTA! HOW COULD YOU KEEP IT A SECRET FROM ME?” Utterly dumbfounded – and annoyed that his work was interrupted for the second time that morning – Shōta glared at Hizashi in the silence that grew between them, wondering if he’d have to use his quirk when his best friend inevitably broke it with the latest misconception he’d gotten into his stupid head. The voice hero did not disappoint. “How long have you been dating the Symbol of Peace!?” Shōta stared at Hizashi. Hizashi stared back. “You are deranged.” He gasped, hand flying to clutch the front of his shirt. “Deranged? How can I be deranged? What do you call neglecting to tell your best friend about such a huge happening in your life that is knocking boots with All Might?” Immensely grateful that no one else was there to witness this nonsense, Shōta hissed, “We’re not dating!” “Don’t insult my intelligence, man.” Now Hizashi just looked sad, which was annoying. “He kissed you.” “Yes? On the cheek?” “Fine so it wasn’t a full blown makeout sesh, but since when do you let people kiss you in public, Shōta? Much less All Might. I mean, I know you guys are doing loads better but you pretty much despised him and made no secret of it.” He sighed, hating that that last observation made his gut twist. “That’s his version of a thank you.” A scoff. “Oh, really? First I’ve seen it.” Shōta rolled his eyes and turned back to his screen, hoping Hizashi would get the picture and leave him in peace. It was always a futile hope. Today was no exception as Hizashi sat himself on Shōta’s desk, clearly intent on making himself comfortable. “Seriously, Eraser. This is a man whose thanks throwing is second only to the amount of apologies he hands out – and even that’s because he still thinks he doesn’t deserve help and is some kind of burden.” Shōta couldn’t help but snort at that, because he agreed. “Plus when he does thank people – and here people clearly excludes you though I still don’t know why because you haven’t told me – it’s with words. At the most he’ll bow. There’s never been any kissy kissy business. He never gets physical in that way and you know it.” He clicked his tongue. “He has for years.” A miscalculation. Shōta felt an absolute fool for blurting that out, because while it was true, it made him realise two things. One, he hadn’t brought up his and Toshinori’s past interactions with Hizashi or Nemuri. Two, he hadn’t told either of them because he’d subconsciously wanted to keep them to himself – and the only reason he’d have done that would be so he could bring up each individual memory in his own time, savouring them before putting them away for future perusal, which meant – Hizashi grabbed Shōta’s face. His own was white underneath the purple glitter eyeshadow. “Shōta, I’m gonna put aside the personal betrayal for now, okay? Because we’ve got to address something far more serious.” “What?” he managed to grit out, voice muffled from the way Hizashi was smushing his cheeks. “He’s been kissing you and you’ve been allowing him to kiss you, for years, and you’re telling me you’re not dating?” “Platonic cheek kissing,” Shōta said, though he now knew he wished it wasn’t. “The way he looks at you? Please.” His mouth would’ve dropped open if Hizashi’s grip on him wasn’t tight enough to impede the motion of his jaw. As it was, Shōta grabbed the lobe of his ear, as Nemuri was fond of doing, which had the happy result of Hizashi yelping and finally loosing his grip on Shōta. “What do you mean, the way he looks at me?” Hizashi’s face was an odd sight as he tried to grin while also grimacing at the pain of having his ear pulled. “Tell you what, why don’t we get some yakitori after school and have a talk over beer, hmm?” Though tempted to forcibly yank the information out of Hizashi, Shōta knew it wouldn’t be long before another teacher walked in on them – and while this sort of thing wasn’t an uncommon occurrence, the topic of conversation wasn’t one he wanted overheard. He let go. “Fine. You’re buying.”   
+1
 Shōta had decided on an appropriate course of action – a midpoint between the conspicuous Toshinori preferred and the straightforwardness Shōta did. He would initiate the kiss this time, which should send the message across effectively while at the same time giving the whole situation circularity, which was always satisfying. It was a little damning that he’d had to have Hizashi point out what was now so obvious. Really, how could Shōta have thought things platonic between him and Toshinori for so long? Even he thought it was ridiculous, and he was aware of the extent of his emotional stuntedness. At any rate, there never seemed to be a right moment to confront the man. Shōta, who prided himself on being sure, found that he was second guessing every possible opening. Confessing his feelings was important but terrifying; he didn’t want to ruin what could very well be a single opportunity. Not to mention reciprocation would be difficult given the full foot of height difference. Even Shōta on his toes would lead to the kiss landing in the vicinity of his jaw which, while likely pleasing for both parties, wasn’t quite the message he wanted to send right now. He could possibly catch Toshinori while the man was seated, though he’d have to plan it so that he didn’t skitter to his feet if Shōta approached him. Why was this so complicated and how did Toshinori make it seem so simple? In the end, he ended up throwing all that planning out the window, along with the idea itself. There was a better way. They’d had dinner together and Toshinori suggested walking him home. This was an offer he always made irrespective of the relative position of their meeting point to either of their homes – though it was made sincerely every time – and Shōta always refused since they were both heroes capable of defending themselves and anyway didn’t live in seedy parts of town (at least not any more, in his case). Today he accepted. A good enough idea just to see shocked pleasure curl the corners of Toshinori’s mouth, but as it stood Shōta had ulterior motives. The cheek kissing never took place in public, so his apartment would be a better setting for what he wanted to do; in addition to the privacy, it would be easier to create openings to receive those kisses. Plus Toshinori was already comfortable in Shōta’s home, having been invited over several times before – on those particular occasions, given the distance, Shōta had always insisted on at least a message once he’d arrived safely in his own apartment. If things went well, then tonight Toshinori wouldn’t have to return there at all. The train ride was mostly silent as they sat with their sides companionably pressed together. During the walk from the station Toshinori brought up a particularly bright star in the sky, which eventually morphed into a conversation about the Tanabata festival in two months and their respective plans. “I don’t usually go,” Shōta admitted. “The last time was with Nemuri and Hizashi, some years back.” He didn’t mention that it’d been the year after Toshinori’s first battle with All For One, and didn't mention that the stars hadn’t seemed as bright as they’d been that night on the distillery roof. “I imagine the crowds aren’t to your liking.” He hummed, agreeing. “And I also imagine other heroes are more keen to go, so you take their patrols.” The knowing tone was a little irritating, but it wasn’t like Toshinori was incorrect. “Otherwise I’d be at home asleep. At least I can take down villains while others are able to enjoy the festival.” “I didn’t say it wasn’t a worthy alternative.” He fiddled with the sleeve of his coat as Shōta punched in the building access code. “But you ought to allow others to ease your burdens as well.” “What about you?” Shōta asked, keeping the wording vague so it could either be taken as ‘you ease my burdens, didn’t you know?’ or ‘how about your previous experiences with Tanabata?’ Toshinori went for the latter, though the way he’d coloured showed he’d caught the former. “Ah, it was difficult to go as All Might in an unofficial capacity, since people would always recognise me. I think the last time I went for myself was when I was a child.” They entered the elevator. “Perhaps this year you can change that.” He ducked his head shyly. It was ludicrously endearing. “Perhaps.” The rest of the journey up was quiet, until they reached Shōta’s door. As he reached into his pocket for his keys, he levelled an eyebrow at Toshinori. “Why don’t you come in? In about ten minutes you’ll be able to have a drink, right?” “Yes, but… you don’t have to –” “I have the tea you like, and some instant malt drinks. Or if you’d rather have yoghurt, I’ve got strawberry.” A slow blink. “You… don’t normally have those in your home, Shōta.” When he shrugged it was with as much nonchalance as he could muster. There was no need to advertise the time he’d spent researching the effects of gastrectomies and the diet plans of those who’d underwent that surgery. “You spend time here. You need to eat too.” “That is exceedingly kind. I don’t even know what to say.” “Say, ‘why yes, Shōta, I will come in, thank you’.” Toshinori chuckled, eyes crinkling. “Why yes, Shōta, I will come in.” He cleared his throat, maybe in an attempt to cover the shaking in his voice. He glanced around, double checking that they were alone, and Shōta’s hand clenched around his keys. “Thank you.” He watched from under half-lidded eyes as Toshinori leaned down towards him, as was now custom. He’d long memorised the fan of barely-visible eyelashes against his cheeks, long craved the spidery hand that cupped his elbow, long anticipated the swoop low in his belly right before lips made contact. And, right before lips made contact, Shōta turned his head. The kiss lasted only a second before Toshinori practically flew backwards. His hands were up, covering his mouth, and Shōta savoured his expression. His eyes were wide and particularly pale in the face of his red-flushed skin. That he was clearly horror-struck but not disgusted was heartening; that he’d not actually left even more so. Shōta tried to look innocent. He might have been too successful, because Toshinori looked more stricken. “I – I’m sorry, I should have –” “Don’t apologise. That was deliberate.” His hands dropped a little, unmuffling his words. “D-deliberate?” “I just thought if you’re going to keep this up,” he said, eyebrow raised, “that I want you to know I prefer my way.” “Your way?” Shōta took this squeaky question for the request it was not, snagging the lapel of Toshinori’s coat and yanking him down into another kiss. Pleasingly he seemed to catch the gist and put his questions aside, his fingers slipping into Shōta’s hair and cradling his skull, making Shōta almost melt against him. He slung his free arm around Toshinori’s neck, half to boost himself up and half to pull Toshinori down. He opened his mouth against Toshinori’s, and the first taste of him had that swooping feeling return tenfold. There was the vague savouriness of shiitake from the kamameshi they’d shared earlier (and were sharing again now, Shōta thought, snorting inwardly). He pressed closer, chasing more of it. Toshinori softly moaned, the sound low and dark and knee-weakening. Shōta nibbled at his lower lip, trying to coax more sounds out of him, half-wishing his back was against the door so he’d have better leverage. Someone cleared their throat. Shōta dropped back on his heels, though he kept close enough to Toshinori so as to not dislodge their embrace. He peered around the man, already sure which neighbour had interrupted them. “Ah. Mrs Senju.” The woman had no expression at all, carrying a plastic bag from the nearby 7-11. “Good evening,” she said, her tone conveying clearly that she could see very well how good an evening Shōta was having. “Good evening, ma’am,” he said in reply, refusing to be embarrassed even as she sniffed and entered her apartment. Toshinori had stood stock still during this exchange, shoulders hunched as if he was trying to fold in on himself. His hands had dropped from being entangled in Shōta’s hair, which was a pity, and now rested lightly on his shoulders. He looked so embarrassed that Shōta was worried he’d start coughing blood. Before he could voice the concern, Toshinori said, “Perhaps I should be leaving.” “You said you were coming in.” “That was before…” “Before I kissed you?” Looking up probably would have been a more effective way for Toshinori to avoid his gaze, since all Shōta had to do was lean forward a bit to catch his eyes. “Because I did kiss you. If not the first time, definitely the second. And I’d do it again.” His eyes narrowed when Toshinori continued looking like he wanted the earth to swallow him whole. “Or is it only you who gets to kiss people?” “No! I’m not disallowing you anything but… I just think…” Shōta sighed. He changed his grip slightly so he was able to shake Toshinori, just a little jolt. “Do you like me?” “I –” Catching the glare, he amended, “Yes.” “Do you enjoy spending time with me?” “Yes.” “Was the kissing just now pleasurable?” He bit his lip. Distracting. “Y-yes.” Shōta carefully, needlessly smoothed the front of Toshinori’s coat. “Do you want to be with me?” Though reasonably certain of the answer, he still found his throat tight, as if his heart was sitting there. There was a possibility that he’d be rejected – a slim one, given all the evidence over the years and the answers Toshinori had just given, but still there. “...yes,” he finally said, the single syllable tiny and quiet. “More than anything, but.” His eyes shone with conviction, electric blue and blazing. “You deserve better, Shōta.” Apparently taking Shōta’s shocked silence as some kind of call to continue, he went on, “Kissing your cheek all these years that was me being selfish and cowardly. And now more than ever, being a husk of what I was… I have nothing to offer you. You’re better off –” “Shut up.” Toshinori’s face was slack with shock. “What?” “Shut. Up.” Shōta fished again for his keys, though he kept one hand on Toshinori so he wouldn’t scuttle off. “And get in.” He was going to make the idiot see reason and he definitely didn’t need any more neighbours walking in on them. In short order he had Toshinori on his couch, door locked securely behind them. It was tempting to go ahead and sit on the man to further prevent an escape but that could come later. That would come later. Shōta glared a little, for good measure, but he seemed cowed enough. Good. “I’m not sentimental,” he said, reaching into his pocket. “Not normally,” Toshinori muttered in reply, seemingly unable to stop himself. Since he was correct, Shōta didn’t comment, instead pulling out his wallet. What he wanted had been tucked behind a long-expired shopping coupon so it’d not be accidentally pulled out. He handed it to Toshinori, and it was heartening that the man immediately recognised his old business card. The silver symbol no longer shone or stood out as much as it had, after many instances of Shōta rubbing his thumb over it. Not that he’d go as far to say so. “I’ll admit, I was impulsive in my youth.” Toshinori was using one long forefinger to trace the ‘thank you!’ he’d put there years ago. Shōta snorted. “More impulsive,” was the obliging correction. “That first night we met, I remember thinking how handsome and skilled you were. The words didn’t seem to want to come out properly so in my head, somehow kissing your cheek was a better way to go. My body often reacts before my brain gives any input so… that’s what happened.” He chuckled. “I spent many a time after that cursing myself and worrying that you found me weird and creepy.” “You are weird,” Shōta said. He attempted to soften his words by sitting down and taking one of Toshinori’s hands. “But not creepy.” “Not even like this?” He’d forced levity into his voice, trying for a joke and falling flat. “No.” Though Shōta put all the sincerity he could into his answer, he knew this self-perceived shortcoming wouldn’t be solved in one night, with one word. (He also knew it wasn’t the only shortcoming had in relation to ‘not being good enough’.) If Toshinori allowed it, though, Shōta would have time to address it and change his mind. “The only creepy thing about you is the lack of coffee in your life.” Toshinori huffed out a laugh. “You consume enough for the both of us, and then some.” He considered their joined hands for a moment. “Are you sure about this, Shōta?” “You want to be with me, and I want to be with you.” He shifted closer. “It shouldn’t be more complicated than that.” When Toshinori looked up at him, Shōta caught pain and longing in his expression. There was uncertainty there as well, and fondness, and quite a few emotions Shōta couldn’t quite place – but would now have the opportunity to learn. He at least recognised the soft smile and fluttering eyelashes when Toshinori leaned forward and, with a smile of his own, moved to meet the kiss. It was tender and full of feelings neither of them had named yet. They were lurking in his head and in his heart, if he cared to look, but he didn’t want to. He was currently occupied with the way Toshinori’s lips clung to his, the way his breath was as ragged as the man with only one lung, the way they both reached for each other with trembling hands. He didn’t even realise he’d fulfilled his earlier wish until he pulled back and found himself seated in Toshinori’s lap. It was an extremely good place to be, not least because of the way it had emboldened Toshinori in turn; luckily Shōta was wearing a shirt-and-trousers instead of his jumpsuit, which meant easy access to skin for Toshinori’s hands. He demonstrated his appreciation, one kiss for each of the ten separate points of heat making their way up his back. There was a very pretty whimper when he rolled his hips lazily. He had the vague thought that they ought to move off the couch but there was no rush – even if they’d basically been dating for ages but were both unaware of it. They had tonight, and many more for the foreseeable future. Besides, he rather liked the thorough mapping of his back that Toshinori was carrying out. His hands were strong, but his touch was gentle and reverent, never faltering despite the ridges of scars that crossed his path. Shōta sank his own fingers into blonde hair. One light tug and Toshinori was gasping, head falling back. He immediately pressed his advantage, making his way from the edge of Toshinori’s jaw down the long line of his neck, tongue and teeth coming into play when the impulse took him. Nails scraped down his side, making him arch. “Shōta...” “Yeah?” he breathed into Toshinori’s collarbone. He hoped the man could hear him, because he could barely perceive sound beyond the thrumming of his heart in his ears. He bit down, feeling warmth blossom against his lips. Toshinori made a needy, reedy sound that cut off into a gasp. It was a short moment before he could ask, “May I stay the night?” Shōta refrained from laughing, because that would likely give off the wrong impression. He didn’t think any less of Toshinori for the question; in fact his heart felt full to bursting that he’d even asked. But that was just the man Toshinori was. That was the man Shōta lo – he cleared his throat, sitting back a little. “That’s definitely the plan.” The smile that shone up at him was especially bright, made better by Toshinori’s kiss-softened lips and the points of colour in his cheeks. He was resplendent, still in his coat and with his hair mussed by Shōta’s fingers. He’d fix the first before long, and make the second much worse (or better, depending on how you looked at things). “What?” Toshinori asked, flush deepening, and Shōta realised he’d been staring a little too long. “You thought I was handsome, huh?” He looked a little reproachful, grip on his waist tightening briefly. “I still think you’re handsome.” Shōta smiled. “Thank you, Toshinori,” he said, and placed a small, gentle kiss on his cheek. He let his lips skate across his cheekbone to his ear, and whispered, “But just wait and see how handsome I am with my clothes off.”



Afterword


End Notes
The song mentioned in '3' is ‘Run to the Sun’ by Erasure – chosen solely for the band and song title tbh. And I’m sure Mic listens to synthpop. And would annoy Shōta by setting this as his ringtone.Mrs. Senju's name apparently means 'thousand' and 'congratulations' *snickers to self*I hope the fic was to your liking, and I hope you'll tell me what you did like! Honestly, there wasn't supposed to be making out but these two obvs know what they like. Come visit me on tumblr where I yell about them ruining my life and taking over my fics.


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



