



Linger - superrunnaturall - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Linger
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/12816453.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jung Hoseok | J-Hope/Min Yoongi | Suga, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope/Kim Seokjin | Jin
Character:
Min Yoongi | Suga, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Kim Seokjin | Jin
Additional Tags:
Open Relationships, Explicit Sexual Content, Smut, this isn't a threesome ok, 2seok have an open relationship, Bottom Min Yoongi | Suga, Top Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Light Dom/sub, Pining, Kim Seokjin | Jin & Min Yoongi | Suga are Best Friends
Series:
Part 1 of
Linger Here With Me
Stats:

        Published: 2017-11-25
        Words: 12673
      

Linger
by superrunnaturall
Summary
Min Yoongi should not be lusting after his best friend's boyfriend. But he is anyway.
Notes
who am I kidding, this is a yoonseok fic.but it's also a 2seok fic. kind of.(oh and sana, succjin is for you)

          See the end of the work for more notes




Linger

Wednesdays were a neutral day. Nothing interesting ever happened. Nothing horrible would happen, but nothing particularly good would either. Wednesdays weren’t like Mondays, which were undeniably terrible, no matter what. Wednesdays weren’t like Fridays either, which were usually pretty good or eventful, or at least relieving.Yoongi didn’t really have an overall opinion on Wednesdays, though. It just was, and he dealt with the day because it meant it was a little bit closer to the end of the week, when he would be off work. Not that working at the little bookstore in the city was horrible, but Yoongi got tired of dealing with middle aged women who were convinced that their favorite author’s book wasn’t sold out and that Yoongi was just hiding more copies in the back because he was apparently a book hoarder or something.It was after such an incident, in the middle of the day on a Wednesday, that Yoongi saw something strange from out the window next to the front register. Across the street from the bookstore was a café, one that Yoongi frequented in the mornings before work because of their good coffee. On occasion, he went there with his friends, too.So, it wasn’t that weird that he saw Seokjin there. The two of them went to the café all the time together, and Seokjin always ordered some outrageous, overly sweetened, drink that made Yoongi want to vomit and renounce Seokjin’s position as his best friend.What was weird, though, was that he saw Seokjin there with some guy that Yoongi didn’t recognize. Or, he looked vaguely familiar, maybe, but for the most part, he wasn’t someone that Yoongi normally saw hanging around with Seokjin. The guy was tall and tan and even from across the street, Yoongi could see his dimples were flashing as he smiled at Seokjin.Whatever, Seokjin had plenty of friends, at the end of the day, and Yoongi looked away for a moment, but he could still see them in his peripheral. More specifically, he could see the way Seokjin was leaning closer to the guy, and touching his arm. Thus, Yoongi looked back at them and stepped closer to the window.
Doesn’t Seokjin know I work here? What is he doing?
And then, all while Yoongi watched through the window, Seokjin leaned forward and kissed the guy on the mouth. Right there, like it was nothing. Then they were walking into the café, shoulder to shoulder. But, they’d kissed.That was a problem.It wouldn’t have been a problem if Seokjin was single. It wouldn’t have been a problem if Yoongi even just thought he was single. But Seokjin wasn’t single, and Yoongi was very, very aware of the fact that he wasn’t single. Painfully aware of that little detail, in fact.Kim Seokjin was not single, and his boyfriend was not the guy who he had just kissed across the street.Kim Seokjin’s boyfriend was Jung Hoseok.Yoongi looked away from the window and stared at the counter of the register for a long time. He felt like his stomach was in his throat, and he couldn’t explain why. For one, Seokjin was his best friend and he didn’t want to have just…caught him cheating. Second, Hoseok was Yoongi’s friend too, and he didn’t want to have to see him knowing Seokjin was cheating on him. Third…some part of Yoongi, some deep twisted little part of him, was a little bit happy.Maybe Seokjin and Hoseok would break up.But, no, that was horrible. Yoongi didn’t want his friends to break up. They were happy together, he thought. They always seemed to be. They both had bright personalities and they were constantly laughing and smiling when they were together and Yoongi was maybe more than a little jealous of the whole thing. Maybe all their friends were jealous of how happy the two of them seemed to be, but Yoongi most of all.Although, based on what Yoongi had just witnessed, clearly the dynamic duo that was Hoseok and Seokjin, weren’t as happy as they seemed. If they were, Seokjin wouldn’t be cheating on Hoseok. Which was so shitty because Hoseok was so nice and didn’t deserve to be fucking cheated on.So maybe Yoongi was a little bit mad.Which was probably why he texted Seokjin and told him to meet him at the café when Yoongi got off work. He would have stomped over right then, but he kind of needed to keep his job. Regardless, Seokjin was going to have a lot of explaining to do. He may have been Yoongi’s best friend, but Yoongi would still kick his ass if he needed to, he didn’t care how broad Seokjin’s shoulders were, Yoongi could still hold his own.If he were to kick Seokjin’s ass, it would be on Hoseok’s behalf, and that was probably unnecessary. Yoongi didn’t need to defend Hoseok’s honor. They were friends, but that was all, and Hoseok probably would just get more upset.Whatever.Yoongi was chill.He’d been chill ever since Seokjin started dating Jung Hoseok. It happened in college, and Yoongi had already known Seokjin before then. He knew Hoseok too, or rather, he knew of him. They’d never really had a proper conversation, but they always passed each other around campus and Yoongi somehow found himself gravitating towards Hoseok, but he always kept a safe distance away. Yoongi didn’t think Hoseok would like him. He thought they’d be too different (he was wrong about that).But Hoseok was handsome, and Yoongi was very much into men, but he wasn’t sure if Hoseok was, initially. That didn’t mean that Yoongi didn’t freak out over the next few months to Taehyung about the ‘hot guy’ he always saw. He never told Taehyung the ‘hot guy’s’ name, just in case they ever ran into each other. Taehyung would probably tell Hoseok about Yoongi’s stupid crush on him if they met.Said crush never went anywhere productive, though. Yoongi didn’t ever go talk to Hoseok, mostly because there was never a proper opportunity. If they had a class together, maybe he would have. Yoongi wasn’t shy about his feelings at all, but Hoseok didn’t even know him.Of course, there was the party incident. And given that Yoongi wasn’t usually shy to express his feeling in some way or another, and given that Hoseok wasn’t shy about expressing his attraction, the two of them did end up making out at a party once.It was a blur, but Yoongi could remember how Hoseok couldn’t handle his alcohol at all, and that his face got all red after he’d had only one shot. It was a little bit embarrassing, but also kind of cute, and Yoongi had been standing a few feet away at said party (who’s party it was, Yoongi couldn’t remember)and he’d mumbled something about Hoseok being cute. He had probably already been pretty drunk himself.He did recall that Hoseok had half stumbled over to him and pinned him against the wall though.“What’s your name?” Hoseok had asked, eyes red but dark and a little smirk on his lip. It was the first time Yoongi had been so close to Hoseok, and he noticed the beauty mark on his lip and it made him become about ten times hotter.Yoongi didn’t think he answered Hoseok’s question, and if he did, his brain blocked it out. The main thing his brain didn’t block out was kissing Hoseok in the hallway of whatever dorm or frat house or apartment they’d been at. He remembered Hoseok’s leg between his and his hands tangled in Hoseok’s brown hair. He remembered that Hoseok kissed his neck, gave him a hickey, and he remembered being really fucking turned on by it all.But he and Hoseok didn’t have sex, didn’t fuck around at all. Yoongi was pretty sure Hoseok broke the kiss first and ran off to go vomit or something, which was super gross but didn’t exactly turn Yoongi off, either.After that night, things went back to normal. Hoseok must have forgotten about the whole thing, and Yoongi did, too, for the most part. Hoseok had his friend group, mostly a couple of younger guys, and Yoongi had his, which mainly consisted of Seokjin and Taehyung.But then something bad happened.As it turned out, Taehyung did know Hoseok. He was friends with Hoseok’s friends and Taehyung introduced Hoseok to Seokjin. It all happened while Yoongi was still lusting after Hoseok in secret, and he didn’t even know Seokjin and Hoseok had met until a while later, when Seokjin introduced Hoseok to Yoongi as his boyfriend.And that was that. Yoongi smiled and he was polite and he couldn’t disagree that Hoseok and Seokjin were cute together, and he was very happy for them. He did, though, half expect for it not to last, but it did last. It lasted and it lasted and Yoongi continued to be happy for his two friends, as he got closer to Hoseok (unintentionally) and even when Hoseok and Seokjin moved in together.Unfortunately, Yoongi and Hoseok got close, but Hoseok was already with Seokjin. Maybe it was weird that they started hanging out together, without Seokjin, in the beginning of Hoseok and Seokjin’s relationship. Maybe it was even weirder that they continued doing it, even as the years passed. Maybe Yoongi should have put more distance between them, but Hoseok wasn’t just ‘Hoseok, Seokjin’s boyfriend’. He was just Hoseok, and Yoongi liked spending time with him. Besides, Seokjin never seemed to mind. Maybe he did a tiny bit at first, but it was subtle enough not to be there at all, and he never said anything.And now, he was totally cool with it. He didn’t care if Hoseok came over to Yoongi’s place to watch movies and talk about music. He didn’t care if Yoongi bought Hoseok lunch sometimes, or if the two of them sometimes went out to clubs to see underground rappers perform. It wasn’t Seokjin’s scene anyway.Seokjin’s scene was cafes and coffee shops and walking around the lit up streets in winter while he and Hoseok held hands and drank hot chocolate. Hoseok liked that too, but…But nothing, Yoongi told himself, it’s not my business.So he shelved books, unpacked shipments, and helped customers for the rest of his shift. His head was pounding by the time he was done, and his toes hurt from standing on his tiptoes trying to reach the high shelves.It would have been nice to head home that Wednesday, like all the other boring, uneventful Wednesdays before it, and plop down on his couch and watch mindless television or listen to music and just not have to worry about anything. Now, he supposed he could do that, technically, but he wouldn’t really be able to concentrate on doing nothing if he knew Seokjin was cheating and Hoseok was blissfully unaware. It had absolutely nothing to do with the fact that Yoongi was maybe, possibly, definitely, a little bit, still lusting after Hoseok.Furthermore, it definitely, for sure, without a doubt, no questions asked, had nothing to do with the fact that Yoongi may or may not have had feelings for Hoseok that were about more than lust.All factors considered, Yoongi didn’t cancel on Seokjin about meeting him at the café after Yoongi’s shift. He should have canceled, but he didn’t. Instead, he texted Seokjin to tell him he was ending his shift and would be there soon.Yoongi:
I’m done at work.
Will you be across the street?SUCCjin:
yeah im there nowYoongi:
Did you make your name SUCCjin in my phone?SUCCjin:
no? must have been HoseokYoongi:
Why?SUCCjin:
inside joke between us, idk why he would do it in your phone.
weirdo.Yoongi:
Whatever.
It’ll just be us, right? No one else is with you.SUCCjin:
just us. who else would be there?Yoongi:
Don’t know. Be there in a sec.Yoongi scowled and fixed Seokjin’s contact name before shoving his phone in his pocket before he did something dumb like text Hoseok and insist on knowing why Hoseok was fucking around on his phone. If he did that he’d probably end up saying something else stupid like, “Hey, how’s it going, I saw your boyfriend kissing someone else and was wondering if you’d like to get back at him by, I don’t know, kissing me?”No, that would not go well.So Yoongi forced himself to clock out and stride across the street to the café like a normal, sane person. He was only chiding himself a tiny bit, as he usually did, for not just telling Hoseok how he felt a long ass time ago. Although, back then it had been a stupid crush, Yoongi supposed. It didn’t turn into more until he couldn’t say anything because Hoseok was in a relationship with Yoongi’s best friend.What a joke.The café was pretty quiet that time of day, late afternoon, and there were only one or two other customers, besides Seokjin, who was sitting near the back eating a pastry or donut or something, and he had sprinkled icing on his upper lip. When he saw Yoongi, he smiled through his mouthful of food and waved with his free hand before stuffing the rest of the dessert into his mouth, making his cheeks puff out like a chipmunk.Yoongi slid into the chair across from him at the little table and gave Seokjin a forced smile. “You couldn’t save me any?” he asked, because, why not start things light? Yoongi didn’t know if there was protocol for confronting your best friend about cheating.“You took too long, I got bored,” Seokjin said. “I’ve been here since earlier this morning. I mean, I left and went to meet Hoseok for lunch, but I came back right after. I needed a dessert.”“Well I’ve been at work all day, wouldn’t I need a dessert more than you?” Yoongi asked with a pout.“I’ll go get you something else,” Seokjin suggested. “But honestly, you look kind of grim. Are you okay?”Yoongi shifted in his chair and ran his hands though his dark hair. The café was cold and he felt oddly exposed, even though he hadn’t done anything wrong other than see something he shouldn’t have seen. “I’m fine,” Yoongi said.“Are you sure? Did you have a long day at work?”“Not really,” Yoongi lied. “It was average. You know, a normal Wednesday. Except, I don’t know…”“Except what?” Seokjin prodded, leaning forward in his chair and pressing the back of his hand against Yoongi’s forehead like he was checking to make sure he didn’t have a fever. Yoongi swatted his hand away.“Except I saw you here this morning,” Yoongi said.“Yeah…I was here this morning. Did seeing me make your day that bad?” Seokjin asked with a small, but hesitant smile.“No, I mean…” Yoongi grumbled and put his face in his hands. “I saw you before you went inside. Like, outside on the street. You know there’s a window right by the register I work at, right? I can see clear over here.”Seokjin nodded slowly, his eyes a little wide. He wiped his finger across his upper lip to get the icing that was still there and licked it away before resting his chin in his palm expectantly. “I do know this,” Seokjin said. “I visit you at work all the time. You’ve been working there for a while. Why is this a big deal?”“Are you playing dumb?”“No. Are you?”Yoongi groaned and looked around the café and then leaned closer to Seokjin. “I saw you and that guy,” Yoongi elaborated. “The tall guy with the dimples and whatever.”Seokjin nodded carefully. “Yeah. You saw me with Namjoon. You don’t remember Namjoon?”“Namjoon? Kim?” Yoongi asked.Seokjin nodded with a look on his face like Yoongi was an idiot.But Yoongi did remember Namjoon, a little bit. Yoongi was pretty sure he and Seokjin dated for some time, but it didn’t work out and it was a year or so before Seokjin met Hoseok and then he and Namjoon kind of fell out of contact. He was some kind of genius and probably was out doing greater things than Seokjin and Yoongi were combined. Or…maybe he was doing Seokjin.“Yeah, we got back into contact a few weeks ago,” Seokjin said. “He’s fun to be with, you know? I didn’t think it was important to mention to you, but he asked how you were. I told him you were good. I can reintroduce you guys if you want, you’d probably get along with him. It’s up to you, but let me know if you want me to arrange something so we can—”“I saw you kiss him!” Yoongi interrupted loudly, causing a few people to glance over at them curiously.Seokjin just stared, though, for a solid thirty second before breaking out into a dorky grin and laughing through his hand. Yoongi felt his face flush as Seokjin started giggling louder in that way he always did when something was really, truly hilarious. Usually, even if Yoongi pretended not to give a shit about Seokjin’s bad jokes and subsequent laughter, he actually thought it was pretty funny. He didn’t think so in his current predicament though.“Why are you laughing? It isn’t funny!” Yoongi protested. “What about Hoseok?”“You’re so funny, Yoongi,” Seokjin said and nudged Yoongi’s shoulder from across the table.“No. I’m not. What the fuck, hyung?” Yoongi asked. He knew his face was stern, serious, and Seokjin must have finally seen it, because he stopped laughing and his face fell slightly.Yoongi had known Seokjin since they were young, even though they lived far apart. Yoongi always went to Seokjin for advice (about most things) and Seokjin trusted Yoongi. They held each other up during hard times. They even lived together for a short while before Hoseok came around. They were best friends and Seokjin was supposed to talk to him, keep him in the loop with what was going on in his life. He wasn’t supposed to cheat on Hoseok and not tell Yoongi about it, or laugh at Yoongi when Yoongi confronted him.“You really don’t know?” Seokjin asked quietly.“No? Know what? Did you and Hoseok break up?” Yoongi asked, forcing back the eagerness in his tone.“No, we didn’t break up,” Seokjin said. “I swear I thought you knew about it. I thought Hoseok told you, but then again he never said he told you so I don’t know why I assumed you knew. I just…did.”“Jesus, stop being so vague. What am I missing here?” Yoongi asked.“Hoseok and I have an open relationship,” Seokjin said simply. “As in…we see other people, too. Hook up with other people. All that. But we’re committed to each other, we just like to have the freedom to be with other people, too, so long as we’re safe and make sure that it’s all…you know. Safe.”Yoongi swallowed thickly and studied Seokjin’s face. He had to be shitting him.“Since when?”“I don’t know,” Seokjin said slowly. “The majority of our relationship, I guess. Not the whole thing. It works for us. I’m not cheating, if that’s what you were thinking. Hoseok and I have full disclosure. It isn’t a don’t ask, don’t tell type of thing. I mean, I guess maybe we don’t tell each other everything all the time, it depends I guess.”“Do you guys still…” Yoongi trailed off, because midway through his sentence he decided he didn’t really want to hear about Seokjin and Hoseok fucking around.“Yeah, we do,” Seokjin answered anyway.“That’s fucking weird. You guys are weird,” Yoongi said uncomfortably. “But I mean…if that works for you, then…that’s great. I couldn’t do it with someone I was in a relationship with.”Seokjin raised an eyebrow and shifted in his chair again before running his hand through his hair and scratching behind his neck. “You haven’t been in a relationship in eons, no offence,” Seokjin said.“Whatever. I’m mad at you for not telling me this. I look like an idiot. What if I had gone to Hoseok saying you were cheating? He would have thought I was stupid.”“I thought he already told you, honestly,” Seokjin said. “Sorry.”“Apology accepted, for now,” Yoongi said, but his fingers were twitching and he really wanted to leave, Not because Seokjin was making him uncomfortable. And honestly, he really didn’t think what they were doing was that weird, he was just giving Seokjin a hard time. If that worked for them…then good. Good for them.Only, Yoongi’s selfish side was thinking about how if he and Hoseok were together, Hoseok wouldn’t need to go around and sleep with other people. Which was way over confident and fucked up and Yoongi really just wanted to go home.“Good, I would be nothing without you, Min Yoongi,” Seokjin said teasingly.“Whatever, all you need is food, and you’ll be content. Last year on your birthday, I bought you a bouquet of flowers all made out of food and you didn’t pay attention to anyone all night.”“Yes, but you brought me that food bouquet. If I didn’t have you, I wouldn’t have gotten such good food,” Seokjin said and blew Yoongi a kiss across the table.Yoongi sighed and looked away to hide his smile. “Alright, sure, hyung.”“You should go home, you look tired,” Seokjin said, to which Yoongi was grateful. “Do you need a ride?”“No, I can walk,” Yoongi assured him and stood from his chair and stretched. “Are you going home too?”“Nah,” Seokjin shook his head. “I’m going out.”“Oh.”“Yep,” Seokjin smiled brightly and patted Yoongi on the shoulder. “At least now you know not to freak out if you ever see me or Hoseok with other people, but I appreciate your concern for our relationship. You’re a good friend.”Yeah, Yoongi thought, as Seokjin moved past him to head out of the café, a super great friend who wants to bang your boyfriend.*Back home, Yoongi was greeted by Holly, who jumped up on his legs and yapped, ready to be fed. Yoongi smiled down at him and then crouched on the floor and scratched behind Holly’s ears and cooed at him appreciatively.“Are you hungry? Come on, I’ll see if I have any leftover chicken for you to have some, just don’t tell anyone,” Yoongi said to Holly as he led the way into the small kitchen.Holly ate quickly, and then proceeded to curl up on his little dog bed by the couch to take a nap. Yoongi seated himself on the couch and leaned back and tried to get comfortable. The apartment was quiet and still, just the way he liked it. It was an average, normal, boring, uneventful Wednesday again. That was what Yoongi wanted it to be, so he wasn’t sure why he felt like he was missing something.Seokjin hadn’t told him anything that was exactly life altering, really. He told him something he didn’t know, but it was strange how insistent Seokjin had been about thinking Yoongi already knew about him and Hoseok’s arrangement. Yoongi closed his eyes and tried to think back to any time in the past few months, or maybe even year or so, that would have been an indicator, but nothing came to mind.Did their other friends know about it?Maybe, but maybe they just didn’t care. Or maybe not, and Seokjin and Hoseok were just that subtle about it. But if that were the case, then why did Seokjin think Yoongi knew?Yoongi tapped his foot on the off-white carpet and let his mind wander a little bit. On plenty of occasions, Hoseok had been sitting next to Yoongi on the very couch he was currently sitting on. Sometimes Seokjin was around, too, but sometimes he wasn’t. Yoongi and Hoseok hung out all the time. Hoseok never once mentioned that he and Seokjin were in an open relationship. Hoseok never once talked about other hookups.Hoseok did, however, sit pretty close to Yoongi on the couch, and sometimes he put his arm around him and once, they went to the movies and Hoseok jokingly pulled Yoongi into his lap. Actually, he let Yoongi sit in his lap more than once. While they were with other people and when they were alone. Yoongi even remembered when he did it once in front of Seokjin and Seokjin didn’t even bat an eye.They were having dinner at Hoseok and Seokjin’s apartment, and Taehyung or Jimin might have been there, Yoongi wasn’t sure. Regardless, Yoongi had complained about Hoseok taking his seat next to Taehyung (because it was easier sitting next to him than Hoseok) and Hoseok just smiled at Yoongi, grabbed his hips lightly, and pulled him into his lap. Hoseok’s hands on his thighs and his voice directly in Yoongi’s ear had made Yoongi a mess. And later that same night, Yoongi was helping Seokjin clean up the dishes and they were joking around and laughing and Seokjin was touching Yoongi’s arm or something and when Yoongi looked back into the living room, he caught Hoseok’s gaze. Looking back, he wondered if Hoseok had had jealousy in his eyes the night.And not jealousy of Yoongi being with Seokjin, jealousy because Seokjin had been with Yoongi. Hoseok was jealous because…he wanted Yoongi to only laugh like that around him? Maybe?But no.No way.There was no way Seokjin thought Yoongi knew about the arrangement because Seokjin thought Hoseok and Yoongi were already hooking up.He said they had full disclosure, which meant Hoseok would have told Seokjin, unless maybe they didn’t always tell each other everything or everyone they were with. Maybe full disclosure meant something else. Yoongi didn’t know.All he knew was that he wasn’t hooking up with Hoseok and that he was sulking alone at his apartment. A normal Wednesday.Except, after about ten more minutes of nothing, just Yoongi scrolling through his phone and listening to the drone of the television in the background, Yoongi got a text. He wished it were form Taehyung, or anyone else really, but the text was clearly from Hoseok, his name flashing in the little notification bar. Yoongi reluctantly tapped the notification and it brought him to his messages.Hoseok:
hey Yoongles. what’s up?Yoongi:
Nothing. Me and Holly are spending quality time together.Hoseok:
wanna come over?Yoongi:
I don’t feel like dealing with both you and Seokjin tonight.Hoseok:
rude
Seokjin isn’t here anyway, but what do you have against my boyfriend?Yoongi:
Nothing, fuckwit. He’s my best friend, I saw him earlier.And Yoongi knew full well that Seokjin probably wasn’t at their apartment, but, for whatever reason he just wanted to make sure. He wanted Hoseok to say, to confirm, that Seokjin wasn’t there.Hoseok:
pls hyung, I’m boredYoongi:
I’m boring.
You’ll still be bored if I come over.Hoseok:
fine, but you’re missing out on the dance party I’m havingYoongi:
DarnHoseok:
D: pls hyung!!!!!Yoongi sighed. Hoseok was all by himself. Yoongi was all by himself. They hung out all the time. If Hoseok wanted him to come over so bad, then fine.Fine.*“It smells like you burned something in here,” Yoongi said as soon as he stepped into Hoseok and Seokjin’s apartment, which usually smelled like a combination of baked goods and artificial vanilla. Seokjin was always baking something and Hoseok was always lighting vanilla scented candles and it was like the whole apartment was a giant big hug. Similar to the hug that Hoseok pulled Yoongi into after he shut the door.“Yeah, it’s me and Seokjinnie’s, uh, what is it now? Two year? Three? Whatever, anniversary in a few weeks and I wanted to bake cupcakes, so I was doing a test run and it didn’t go very well.”“You don’t know how many years you’ve been together? You’re an idiot,” Yoongi said. “I mean, you’re great and all, but really? You can’t remember?”“Don’t be mean,” Hoseok said, and pinched Yoongi in the side as he wandered in the kitchen and picked up a blackish cupcake from a baking tray. “Eat my burnt cupcakes instead. They used to be chocolate.”“I think I’ll pass,” Yoongi said with a little grimace.“I would do it for you,” Hoseok said, leaning against the counter and tossing the cupcake haphazardly back onto the backing tray. “Maybe you can help me make some for the actual thing, you’re a decent cook, right? I don’t know if he would rather have chocolate with vanilla icing or vanilla with chocolate. He likes both, ya know, so I can’t decide which to make.”“Make half chocolate with vanilla and half vanilla with chocolate,” Yoongi said. “Cover all your bases.”“See,” Hoseok held his arms out with a sunshine smile. “What would I do without you, Yoongi?”“Have terrible cupcakes, I guess. And, disappoint your boyfriend.”Hoseok shrugged and looked down at the floor and their feet, shoes off, but socks on. Hoseok was wiggling his toes and Yoongi was tapping his fingers against the countertop. Did Hoseok know that Yoongi knew now? Or had the misunderstanding gone deeper than just Seokjin thinking Hoseok told Yoongi. Did Hoseok think Seokjin and Yoongi were hooking up?He might.Seokjin had been friends with Yoongi for a long time. There had never been anything romantic between them, but Yoongi couldn’t deny that Seokjin was attractive. He was very attractive, as was Hoseok, who was currently blonde and tan and toned from all the dancing he did in his free time. And Seokjin, equally as tall as Hoseok with his brown hair and kissable lips and all that shit.They were unfairly perfect for each other.But still, Yoongi never hooked up with Seokjin, nor did he ever kiss him. It just wasn’t like that, but Hoseok was acting weird, weirder than usual, and Yoongi just wanted him to be his usual self and suggest they play, like Mario Kart or something. Seokjin was always wanting to play and he got Hoseok hooked and it was an easy neutral thing for them to do that made it slightly less possible for Yoongi to fantasize about kissing Hoseok all the time.“You’re zoned out,” Hoseok murmured and Yoongi blinked several times and came back to the present moment.“Did you talk to Seokjin today? Like earlier?” Yoongi asked and cocked his hip out to lean against the counter too. “I saw him at the café across from where I work? He said you guys had had lunch? Have you talked to him since then?”Hoseok hesitated before he answered and looked up at the ceiling like he was thinking. His blonde hair parted off his forehead a little bit and he swished his head to the side to get it out of his eyes. “I mean, I talked to him a little bit and he texted and said he wouldn’t be home until tomorrow morning,” Hoseok explained. “Why? Did you guys talk about something important?”No, Yoongi thought, don’t say it. Don’t ask.“Why didn’t you tell me that you and Seokjin had an open relationship?” Yoongi blurted out.Hoseok’s face instantly blanched, his eyes got wide, and his back got all stiff. But it was all very brief and he relaxed again after only a moment and then he smiled. “You didn’t know that?”“Oh my god,” Yoongi covered his face with his hands and groaned. “Was I the only one who didn’t know? What the fuck?”“I just figured you did. I don’t know, I mean, why does it matter?” Hoseok asked.“Why? Because…I saw…” Yoongi cut off and shook his head, because he didn’t know if Hoseok wanted to hear about it or not. “I just felt dumb, that’s all. I thought we were, you know…close.”“We are,” Hoseok said. “But I didn’t think you liked hearing about me and Seokjin’s relationship, I guess,” Hoseok admitted. “I know you guys were friends first, and I thought initially that you were jealous of me, because I was with him. I thought you wanted to be with him, so I didn’t, I don’t, ever really talk about our relationship. You never noticed?”“Well…I guess I noticed you don’t talk about you and him that much when we hang out…” Yoongi said in confusion. “But you’re a fucking idiot, I’m not jealous of you.”“No,” Hoseok shook his head and took a tiny step closer to Yoongi.Shit.“Why’re so flustered about knowing Seokjin and I sleep with other people, if we want, Yoongi?” Hoseok asked softly, with lack of proper honorifics.“Because…”“Do you want to hear about it?” Hoseok asked.“No, I would rather be content with think you guys are that perfect, sickeningly cute, couple that just goes on coffee dates and walks around in the winter with fluffy coats and all that crap. I don’t wanna know what you do in bed. Or don’t do,” Yoongi said sternly.“Hyung,” Hoseok said, even softer, gentle and tentative. “You didn’t ask me because…because you wanted…”“Wanted what?” Yoongi asked, painfully aware of how close Hoseok suddenly was to him. Of how perfect Hoseok’s skin was, and how pretty his lips were and of how good he looked with blonde hair. And if Hoseok wasn’t dating Yoongi’s best friend, Yoongi would have done something by now, probably. He might not have been an expert at expressing his feelings, but he wasn’t terrible at it and if he and Hoseok were friends, Yoongi probably would have kissed him by now, or at least insinuated that he wanted it.“Yoongi,” Hoseok said, not using honorifics yet again. “Yoongi, would you want me to kiss you?”Yoongi felt his mouth open. Close. Open again.Technically, based on the current new developments, it would be okay to say yes. It would probably be a terrible decision, but it would be okay. Yoongi didn’t even know the parameters in which Hoseok was going by. Were there rules? Was it one fuck and that’s it? Did they have to tell the other person about the arrangement? Was there a no-mutual-friends rule?“I—I…no, of course not,” Yoongi heard himself answer. “No.”“Oh,” Hoseok nodded and studied Yoongi’s face, but he didn’t step back again. “I understand. Plenty of people aren’t cool with the whole open relationship thing. Or…well, I guess you could just not like me.”“That’s not it,” Yoongi said quietly and Hoseok cocked his head to the side.“No?”Yoongi looked Hoseok up and down, from his socks to his ripped skinny jeans, from his lithe torso, back up to his face. Yoongi could imagine how Hoseok and Seokjin would seem so perfect together, not just in the day to day, but at night, too. How Hoseok wouldn’t have to bend down to kiss Seokjin like he would with Yoongi. And Yoongi had no right to worry about Hoseok and Seokjin’s sex life, he really didn’t, but he was thinking about it anyway.Thinking about Hoseok’s hands on Seokjin’s waist and trailing up to smooth across his shoulders and Seokjin kissing Hoseok’s neck and then his lips (which Yoongi had witnessed a few times). He’d seen hickey’s on Hoseok’s neck before, but now, Yoongi wondered if they were from other people, or Seokjin.“Hyung,” Hoseok said. “Have you thought about…about me, before?”“I—no—you’re my friend, Seokjin is my friend, we can’t…wouldn’t it be—”“The whole point of an open relationship is that it isn’t weird,” Hoseok said, and his hand came up between them and ghosted against Yoongi’s neck. “If you want, we can.”Yoongi quirked his lips up slightly, because Hoseok’s attempt at coming onto him was a tiny bit funny. Sure, Yoongi was flustered, and half worried Seokjin was going to come home and ruin the moment, but Yoongi kind of wanted to tease Hoseok a little bit too, before Hoseok started saying something that would get Yoongi really flustered.“You want to?” Yoongi asked. “Why? Have you been fantasizing about fucking me or something? Your pretty quick to make assumptions, Hoseokie.”“I don’t think I am,” Hoseok corrected confidently. He rested his and more firmly on Yoongi’s shoulder. “I’m attracted to you. I think you’re attracted to me, too. I didn’t always, sometimes I thought I was imagining it, but…you and I both know there’s something between us.”“Something between us? Like, I don’t know, our dicks?”Hoseok sputtered giggled before shaking his head. “I hate you, Min Yoongi.”“Not enough not to propose we have sex.”“No, I proposed we kiss.”“And then have sex.”Hoseok sighed and his hand dropped away. “We don’t have to do anything. I don’t mean to make things weird, Yoon, but I mean…yeah, I’ve thought about you before.”When you’re with him? Yoongi wanted to ask, but didn’t.“Thought about what...?”“Mm,” Hoseok hummed, his hand twitched against his own thigh. “I guess I’ve thought about you sucking me off a lot. You always used to talk about that when Seokjin and I first got together. You and, uh, Taehyung. I thought you guys were together, but maybe not? I don’t know, but you’d always like to brag about giving blowjobs and it started to…get to me, I guess.”“But you’ve thought about kissing me?” Yoongi asked softly.“Yeah, well, duh, I don’t know why I never did when I could, but I guess I was worried that you would—”Yoongi didn’t give Hoseok a chance to finish. Instead, he surged forward and pressed his lips to Hoseok’s, their teeth clacking together because Hoseok was mid-sentence. He quickly recovered though and his hands gripped Yoongi’s hips and he shifted them until Yoongi had his back to the countertop and Hoseok was caging him in.It felt like the party incident from years ago, only better, because neither of them were drunk off their asses and Yoongi could really feel the way Hoseok’s lips were against his. And they were great. Hoseok was a good kisser and the kiss deepened almost instantly, Hoseok’s tongue pushing into Yoongi’s mouth and curling against his and Hoseok nipping at Yoongi’s lower lip, pulling it back, before diving back in to kiss him harder.It was so good that it was almost enough for Yoongi to forget that Hoseok was Seokjin’s boyfriend.Almost.But then, Hoseok broke the kiss and started kissing along Yoongi’s jawline and then down his neck. But it was soft and gentle and caring, which would have been fine, but Yoongi preferred for hookups to be…rougher. The way Hoseok was peppering kisses against his skin was wildly intimate and it momentarily made Yoongi put his ideas of roughness to the side.He sighed and relaxed further into Hoseok’s arms. One of Hoseok’s hand slipped under both of Yoongi’s shirts he had on, the black one and the long sleeved white one, too, until his hand was splayed out against Yoongi’s back.“Why do you still taste like coffee this late in the day?” Hoseok asked against Yoongi’s neck.“You taste like burnt cupcakes,” Yoongi retorted and he felt Hoseok smile before kissing him on the mouth again. Yoongi wanted to touch more of Hoseok’s skin, so he slowly inched his hand up under Hoseok shirt and moaned into his mouth as he felt along the dips and divots of Hoseok’s abdomen.His hand got higher until he brushed over Hoseok’s nipple, which seemed to make his breath catch and he pulled away from the kiss again and looked at Yoongi with dark, questioning eyes. “You wanna take one of these layers off? I don’t know why you insist on covering up so much,” Hoseok said, and Yoongi just nodded and let Hoseok awkwardly take off his dark T-shirt so he was just in the thin long sleeved shirt, which Hoseok proceeded to push up under his armpits so he could kiss at Yoongi’s chest.“Oh,” Yoongi murmured breathily. Hoseok chuckled and his lips closed over one of Yoongi’s nipples and he sucked lightly. In attempt to get Hoseok to be rougher, Yoongi tanged his hand in Hoseok’s hair and tugged, which made Hoseok groan and bite down on the sensitive bud. Yoongi instantly whimpered and jerked under Hoseok’s touch.The whole situation was surreal, which was probably why Hoseok stopped again and let Yoongi’s shirt fall back into place as he brushed Yoongi’s bangs out of his eyes. “Do you…are you sure about this?” Hoseok asked.“Are you?”Hoseok nodded slowly and smirked slightly. “Yes. Seokjin won’t care. Besides, I really, really would like to fuck you.”Yoongi had to be having some kind of vivid hallucination or dream. After everything, all the nights hanging out with Hoseok and craving more, of wanting Hoseok to stay over, of wanting Hoseok to hold his hand instead, he was finally getting some semblance of that. But it wasn’t what Yoongi truly wanted, because Hoseok wasn’t going to suddenly become Yoongi’s boyfriend.But Seokjin would be okay with it, and Yoongi wanted to kiss Hoseok and feel him and he also wanted Hoseok to wreck him because, truthfully, Yoongi hadn’t gotten laid in far too long and he had a gut feeling that Hoseok was going to be good in bed.“I’m sure,” Yoongi said anyway. “Can’t hurt right?”“Not unless you want it to,” Hoseok said and hitched Yoongi up so he was sitting on the counter and Hoseok was standing between his legs. “Tell me how you like it, before we…if you want to go to the bedroom. I’d rather not fuck in the kitchen, ya know?”“Well—I…don’t like it all soft and all that shit,” Yoongi said, pulling Hoseok closer and sliding his hands back under Hoseok’s shirt, which caused Hoseok to yank said shirt up over his head and toss it on the floor. “Fuck,” Yoongi cursed. Somehow, Yoongi had never properly seen Hoseok shirtless, which was a damn shame because he looked good. He was thin and lithe from dancing and his skin was bronzed and smooth. “Hoseok-ah.”And then Hoseok kissed Yoongi again, while Yoongi’s hands scraped down his back. Hoseok hadn’t explained anything, really, hadn’t said if Yoongi should or shouldn’t leave marks or if it mattered either way. Maybe Hoseok didn’t go in depth of the ‘rules’ with normal hookups, but Yoongi didn’t think he was a normal hookup.Something changed, though, midway through the kiss and Hoseok opened his eyes and looked at Yoongi for an extended moment before Yoongi let out a small little sound that was something between a whimper and a moan. And then, the whole room felt hotter, and Hoseok surged forward and kissed Yoongi harder, messier and their movements became more frantic.It was Yoongi who pushed Hoseok back and pulled his own shirt off, but it was Hoseok who brought them back together and started walking them back towards the hallway. They crashed into the wall once, but Yoongi pushed back off from it, his chest still pressed against Hoseok’s until they stumbled halfway down the hall towards where Yoongi knew the bedroom was.However, Hoseok stopped him and pulled away breathlessly. “Fuck, hyung,” he murmured and tilted his head to suck at Yoongi’s neck, but Yoongi tried to tug him back into the bedroom instead. Hoseok stilled him and shook his head.“Guest room, Yoon,” Hoseok said softly and jerked his head back in the other direction down the opposite end of the hallway. “That’s…me and Seokjin’s room.”“Oh, right,” Yoongi nodded, because of course they wouldn’t hook up there, and Hoseok took his wrist and led him down to the guest room and flicked on the light. It was a nice little bedroom, the bed had floral sheets and the walls were a soft peachy color. It reminded Yoongi more of Seokjin than it did of Hoseok. Hoseok preferred brighter things, brighter colors, and bolder statements. Hoseok was loud.Hoseok was, more importantly, kissing the back of Yoongi’s neck from behind, as his chest was pressed against Yoongi’s back and his arms were wrapped around Yoongi’s middle. There would be marks, Yoongi could tell, Hoseok was pinching at his skin with his hands and biting and sucking at his neck and then they were stumbling and falling onto the bed a tangle of limbs and frantic kisses. They fell sideways across the bed, not laying the right way, but neither of them moved to get in the right position.Yoongi just rolled so Hoseok was on his back and he started to fumble with the zipper on Hoseok’s jeans. His hands shook, but he got it undone and pushed them down Hoseok’s legs and Hoseok kicked them off the rest of the way so he was only in his underwear.“I wanna suck you off,” Yoongi said, and bent down to kiss at the skin above the waistband of Hoseok’s boxer-briefs, tongue flicking out to taste his skin.“Just to let you know,” Hoseok said. “I didn’t call you over here for sex, but—”“Please Hoseokie,” Yoongi whined, digging his nails into Hoseok’s hips. “I wanna suck your cock.”“Yeah, yeah, alright,” Hoseok said, raising his hips up so Yoongi could peel off his underwear.Hoseok’s dick wasn’t huge, but Yoongi spent enough time around Seokjin to know that it probably wasn’t (not to mention all the time, before and after Seokjin and Hoseok got together, that Yoongi had spent thinking about it on his own). Before Hoseok, Seokjin used to tell Yoongi all sorts of things about the people he dated. But he didn’t as much with Hoseok, unless someone else was around. Still, Yoongi tilted his head to the side and looked up at Hoseok’s face.It didn’t even matter though, how big Hoseok's dick was, or wasn’t. None of it made Yoongi want him any less.“You aren’t fully hard,” Yoongi stated, wrapping his hand around the base and jerking Hoseok roughly a few times, enjoying the respond moan.“I’m nervous,” Hoseok stated. “That’s why.”“Don’t be,” Yoongi said and leaned down and kissed the crease Hoseok’s thigh created and then he mouthed along the shaft of his dick before taking the head into his mouth. He could feel Hoseok harden the rest of the way, felt his dick stretch his lips and fill his mouth perfectly, and it made Yoongi’s own dick strain against his skinny jeans.Hoseok groaned and threaded his hand in Yoongi’s hair as he bobbed his head up and down. It seemed like Hoseok was guiding him, gently, but then it got rougher as Yoongi picked up his pace. Hoseok yanked and pulled on his hair and then, just after Yoongi took a sharp breath of air in through his nose, Hoseok pushed Yoongi’s head down until Yoongi’s nose was flush with Hoseok’s pelvic. Yoongi whined and swallowed over and over, tasting Hoseok in the back of his throat as Hoseok undulated his hips a little bit.“Fuck baby, you take cock so well,” Hoseok grunted and his head feel back onto the bed, his legs dangling off the end because of how they were laying on it. Yoongi’s ears rang and slid off slowly, drool dripping onto Hoseok’s skin.“Do you wanna come in my mouth?” Yoongi asked. “I’m okay with it—I like it.”“No,” Hoseok sat up slightly. “Wanna fuck you.”Hoseok pushed Yoongi back onto his back, and his hands were harsh against Yoongi’s skin as Hoseok yanked the rest of his clothes away and then started kissing body. Teasing, really, but it was rough and made Yoongi gasp and writhe.The ceiling was spinning above Yoongi and his mind was drifting, even though he was hard and respondent to every touch Hoseok gave him. But he couldn’t stop himself from thinking about things that Seokjin used to say.*
“It’s a nice place,” Yoongi murmured as he wandered around Seokjin’s new apartment. The one he would be sharing with Jung Hoseok. “What’re you going to do with the extra bedroom?”

“Maybe a guest room. Hoseok’s sister can visit or whatever, maybe,” Seokjin answered, and led Yoongi down the hall. Hoseok was out somewhere or another, maybe buying furniture or appliances.

“That would be weird. She’d be able to hear you guys having sex,” Yoongi deadpanned as he walked into the guest room and sat down on the edge of the mattress that didn’t yet have sheets on it.

“We wouldn’t have sex if someone was here, you pervert,” Seokjin said with a laugh.

“Well the sex must be good though, if you’re moving in with him,” Yoongi said. “But regardless, he’s nice. I like him. Don’t tell me about the kinky stuff he’s into.”

“He’s not into kinky stuff,” Seokjin said. 

“Really? You are.”

Seokjin rolled his eyes and lay back on the bed and closed his eyes for a long moment. “I’m really happy, Yoongi,” he said softly. “I hope that you find someone who can make you happy like Hoseok does for me. It’s like…I don’t know. It just feels so right.”

“I’m happy that you’re happy,” Yoongi murmured in response and lay back with Seokjin and stared up at the ceiling. “You deserve it, and Hoseok is…you know, a good guy.”

“You don’t think he’ll get tired of me?” Seokjin asked. “Living with me?”

“No? Why?”

“Just…insecurities, I guess,” Seokjin admitted.

“He’s crazy about you,” Yoongi said with a sniffle, because little did Seokjin know, Yoongi was crazy about Hoseok. “He won’t get tired of you, you’re the most attractive person I know. That, and you’re caring and you make great food. You’re perfect for him, and it’s really annoying.” 

“You’re still my best, most dearest, smallest, friend,” Seokjin said. 

“Yeah, yeah, tell me that again in five years when you’re lame and practically married.”
*“Yoon,” Hoseok said firmly. “Did you hear me?”“N—No,” Yoongi admitted and Hoseok sighed in exasperation that was probably fake. He kissed wetly up Yoongi’s bare chest, sucked against his neck and then they were eye level and Hoseok’s gaze was dark and intense.“I said, I want to watch you open yourself up for me, baby. Can you do that?” Hoseok asked. His hand was flitting gently down Yoongi’s side and when Yoongi just gaped at him, Hoseok’s hand smacked against Yoongi’s upper thigh.“H—How did you know—know I liked that?” Yoongi asked in a whisper.“I didn’t,” Hoseok admitted. “But I’m glad you do. Now, can you open yourself up for me? Is that okay?”“It’s okay,” Yoongi agreed and Hoseok grinned and sat back, leaving Yoongi feeling suddenly cold. But, Hoseok got out of the bed and opened the side drawer and dug around in it for a moment.“Shit,” he cursed. “Hold on, there’s no lube in here. I’ll go get some, don’t move.” He walked around the bed, his eyes not leaving Yoongi’s body, which was spread out and already a little sweaty, on the floral sheets. He paused in the doorway and Yoongi craned his neck to look back. “God, Yoongi, you’re so fucking pretty.”Yoongi gasped and fisted his own cock and Hoseok smirked and scurried out of the room. He was only gone for a brief moment, but it felt like much longer and when he got back, he tossed a bottle of lube and a condom on the bed near Yoongi and sat between Yoongi’s spread legs.“Turn around so I can see properly?” Hoseok asked.Yoongi grunted as he sat up, and on the way, he leaned in for a kiss that Hoseok eagerly gave to him, but it ended with Hoseok pushing Yoongi away and turning him around so Yoongi was on all fours and his ass was out in the air.“I need—need the lube,” Yoongi said and reached around back towards Hoseok with a grabby hand so Hoseok would give it to him. He did, of course, and Yoongi fumbled to get some on his fingers before he reached behind himself, spread his legs apart on the mattress and circled his rim awkwardly what with the position he was in.Hoseok was probably jerking himself behind Yoongi, as he could hear the distinct sound. And it wasn’t Yoongi’s first rodeo, so he didn’t need to draw it out and he slipped his first finger inside himself and pumped it in and out with a low moan.“Hoseokie,” Yoongi said, using the little nickname he sometimes used when they were alone together. Using it now, while they were in bed together, felt altogether different. “Hoseokie, spread me.”“Fuck yes, okay,” Hoseok moved around behind Yoongi and then Yoongi felt his hands on his ass, spreading him apart enough for Yoongi to be able to slide a second finger in. “That’s so hot, Yoongi, you’re so pretty, you’re gonna look so good stretched around my cock.”“H—Help me, then,” Yoongi mumbled.So, Hoseok gently pushed Yoongi’s head down and pulled his ass back. Yoongi’s face was right at the edge of the bed, and he didn’t take his fingers out, but he did feel Hoseok drizzle more lube onto his hole around where his fingers were before he slipped one of his own in, too, and Yoongi choked on spit.“Your hole is so tight,” Hoseok said distantly as he fucked his finger in and out and then curled it around Yoongi’s until he pressed against Yoongi’s prostate.They went on like that for a few minutes, and Yoongi tried to keep himself together, but by the time Hoseok was done with all his teasing, Yoongi was sniffling and his eyes were watery. Hoseok pulled his finger out slowly and Yoongi followed suit, slumping onto the mattress with his ass still in the air and his dick dripping precome.Yoongi fisted the sheets, but soon opted to instead stave off his oral fixation by sucking on two of his fingers. “A—Are you going to fuck me?”“Yeah, getting to it,” Hoseok muttered and Yoongi looked back at him, sweaty and glowing in the dim room, rolling on a condom. And then Hoseok met Yoongi’s eyes and he smiled fondly. “You can roll onto your back, if you’d rather.”And look at your face the whole time? Yoongi thought. He jutted out his bottom lip around his fingers and spread his legs even more. I can’t do that, not this time.“T—This is fine.”“Okay hyung,” Hoseok said softly. But the softness was starkly contrasted by Hoseok yanking Yoongi back a little by the ass, slicking his cock with lube and teasing Yoongi’s rim with the head.“Fuck my ass, do it,” Yoongi said after he pulled his fingers out of his mouth. The room was getting hotter still, stifling, and Yoongi could feel sweat rolling down his thighs and on his back and his bangs were damp.The whole thing would be easier if Hoseok were someone Yoongi didn’t know. He would just be a damn good hookup, but he wasn’t just that, and tomorrow they’d be friends again and Hoseok would know about how he got Yoongi to near-tears with only his finger and how Yoongi had been desperate to choke on Hoseok’s cock.“Such a pretty thing, Yoongi,” Hoseok cooed behind him. “I like how you’re so snarky and how you bite back but now…now you’re so good for me. It’s—”“I w—will push you down and ride you if you don’t hurry up and—and fuck me,” Yoongi stuttered impatiently.“Ah, there it is,” Hoseok said with a chuckle before he started easing the head of his cock into Yoongi. Yoongi could only gasp and let Hoseok fill him up, slowly at first, before he deemed Yoongi adjusted and slammed in the rest of the way, balls deep and hips flush with Yoongi’s ass. “Feel good, baby?” Hoseok asked.“Yeah,” Yoongi replied as he slid further towards the edge of the bed and Hoseok started to gently roll his hips, getting used to the feeling of Yoongi around him. But Yoongi wanted it harder, faster, rougher. He wanted to scream, he wanted to be better than Seokjin.Somehow, he didn’t have to tell Hoseok to give it to him harder, he just did it. He started snapping his hips forward brutally, but perfect. He somehow managed to do it fast, but also in smooth rolls that allowed his cock to graze Yoongi’s prostate and with every thrust, Yoongi slid until his front half was teetering on the edge of the bed.“Shit,” Yoongi cursed through a sob. “Shit Hoseok-ah, oh my god.”“Yoongi, you—so—”Yoongi’s ears were pounding so hard that he couldn’t hear the breathy things Hoseok was saying to him, but he clenched and rocked back against his thrusts anyway.“Wanna make you feel good,” Yoongi said, over and over, in response to the dirty nonsense that was spilling from Hoseok’s lips.But then Yoongi’s hand slipped and his front half bent down over the bed and his back half fell flat against the mattress. Hoseok yelped, or made some little ‘woh woh’ sound and slipped with Yoongi, until they were bent over the side of the bed, Hoseok splayed over Yoongi and still inside him.“Ah, Seokie, that, it—” It felt good, in the weird new position, was what Yoongi was trying to communicate, but that was kind of hard to do when his cock was trapped between him and the comforter and Hoseok was breathing hard against his neck.Yoongi managed to put his palms flat on the floor and push his upper half up a tiny bit while Hoseok’s legs shifted so he was straddling Yoongi’s ass. For leverage, Hoseok reached out and braced one hand on the little bedside table that was an arm’s reach away.“Are you okay?” Hoseok asked. His other hand was on Yoongi’s hip.“’M fine,” Yoongi croaked.“You know the colors? What’s yours?”“’M fine,” Yoongi repeated. “Green.”“Sorry,” Hoseok said, wiggling his hips a little bit, enough to make Yoongi squirm. “I have to check, I should’ve earlier, but, you know? Kind of caught up.”“You usually need to check?” Yoongi asked, pushing his ass up as much as he could with how he was pinned down. It, at least, gave his cock some friction.“I mean, no, but I do on occasion like kinky things, Yoongi,” Hoseok said. “Something tells me you do, too.” Yoongi wanted to give Hoseok a snarky answer, but Hoseok kissed Yoongi’s back and anything he had died in his throat. “I’d be lying if I said I didn’t have a lot of kinky fantasies that involved you.”“I need you to fuck me,” Yoongi said, because he didn’t want to hear it. “Please, just—like this. It feels so good.”Hoseok rolled his hips experimentally, the position kind of new and different, somehow, with the way Yoongi was bent over the bed. But it worked, and Yoongi could rock up against Hoseok’s thrusts too and Yoongi’s eyes crossed in pleasure.“Shit, shit, shit,” constantly spilled from Yoongi’s lips, but they were broken and small and full of unspoken pleasure that Yoongi didn’t think Hoseok could understand. Maybe Yoongi was just in his headspace, but he didn’t think he was that deep. He was still thinking pretty clearly, even though the coil in his abdomen was getting tighter and tighter and his cock was rubbing against the floral comforter, giving him plenty of friction as Hoseok started picking up the pace.Basically, Hoseok was riding Yoongi’s ass, and one of his legs even slipped off the bed too, planted on the floor with Yoongi’s hands and if they weren’t careful, they’d end up fucking on the floor altogether.Luckily, “I’m close, baby,” Hoseok grunted, both his hands on Yoongi’s hips now because he was able to balance himself with his foot on the floor.“Am I—” Yoongi moaned and sobbed into the floor and curled his hands into fists, “better?”Hoseok didn’t let up at all. He fucked Yoongi hard and consistent, but he didn’t answer the question either, which was the right thing to do, because it was a shitty thing to ask.Hoseok did, though, tell Yoongi he was good. He told him he was tight and hot and that he could come, even as tears streaked Yoongi’s cheeks from the pleasure.“I know your tight little ass will feel so good around my cock when you come. I know you want that, come on, Yoon,” Hoseok rasped from above him.Yoongi closed his eyes and cried out as he felt himself snap, no matter how much he wanted to hold out and make it last, warmth streaking over his chest and onto the edge of the floral comforter, smearing all over him after the fact. The orgasm sent lasting tremors through Yoongi’s body, especially since Hoseok was still fucking him, groaning loudly and barraging Yoongi’s prostate so his cock spurt out another bit of come onto the comforter before the oversensitivity set in.But before it got too uncomfortable, Yoongi felt a bit of pressure, a bit of warmth, and Hoseok’s cock pulsing in his ass as Hoseok came into the condom, his arm wrapped around Yoongi’s middle, despite the precariousness of the position they were in.In some impossible strand of time, they both stopped moving and Yoongi started to feel light headed because blood was rushing to his head.“I need to get up,” Yoongi croaked and Hoseok chuckled.“Sorry, hyung,” He murmured and slowly slid out, careful, before guiding Yoongi back onto the bed.Yoongi flopped against the pillows and looked down at the mess he’d made on himself. If he weren’t as exhausted as he was, he’d probably try something sexy like sucking on his fingers, but his body didn’t want to move. All he wanted to do was watch Hoseok. He watched Hoseok take the condom off and tie it before tossing it in the little trashcan. He watched Hoseok leave the room and come back with a towel and a big green blanket.Hoseok’s hair was sticking up and sweaty and when he sat down on the edge of the bed, Yoongi reached out and smoothed it down. Hoseok smiled a little shyly at him and used the towel he’d brought to help Yoongi clean up. As soon as he was done, he got up and took the comforter off the bed, much to Yoongi’s dismay and he grumbled until Hoseok replaced it with the green blanket he’d brought.“Hoseokie,” Yoongi grumbled.“Hmm?” Hoseok crawled back up the bed after adjusting the blanket and carefully straddled Yoongi before kissing him. Yoongi responded, encircled Hoseok’s hips and let Hoseok lick into his mouth and slot their mouths together, repeatedly. When Hoseok broke the kiss, it was only by a millimeter. “You’re a good kisser, hyung.”“Thanks,” Yoongi said and Hoseok laughed and rolled off Yoongi and sat next to him. “You’re not so bad either. You’re a better kisser than you are a cupcake maker, that’s for sure.”“Yah! You can’t hold that against me,” Hoseok complained and nudged Yoongi in the side playfully. “One day I’ll make you cupcakes so good you’ll be begging me for more.”“Good luck with that,” Yoongi said. Hoseok just rolled his eyes and tilted Yoongi’s head slightly to kiss at his jaw again, but it wasn’t a pretense to sex anymore and Yoongi closed his eyes, until Hoseok moved enough to give Yoongi access, and Yoongi made a point to make a mark on Hoseok’s neck under his jaw, but in a soothing, gentle way.“You can sleep here,” Hoseok whispered.Yoongi pulled back and slid his hand down Hoseok’s arm. It was unfair, how good looking Hoseok was, and how kind and considerate. If Hoseok kicked him out, at least maybe then Yoongi wouldn’t want to keep kissing him so bad.“Are you sure?”“Yeah, I’m not gonna kick you out, you’re my friend, hyung. Here, put the blankets over you,” Hoseok said and helped Yoongi, and himself, get under the covers. They both slid down until they were lying on their sides, facing each other. “Is it okay if I sleep in here with you?” Hoseok asked after a moment.Yoongi nodded. “It’s okay with me. Is it…okay with…”“Sure,” Hoseok nodded and his arm snaked around Yoongi’s waist and he pulled him in close and Yoongi knew he was still all gross and his hair was sweaty, but Hoseok held him to his chest like he didn’t care. “I’d go again, but you’re tired. Maybe in the morning.”Go again? Oh. Right, it’s about sex.“Hoseok,” Yoongi murmured, “Should I feel bad?”“Why would you feel bad?”“I don’t feel bad,” Yoongi corrected, mumbling into Hoseok’s chest while he stroked Hoseok’s back softly. “I asked if I should feel bad.”“Of course not,” Hoseok answered. “That’s the whole point. Neither of us should feel bad.”“Good.”A long moment passed, Yoongi’s eyelashes fluttered against Hoseok’s skin, and he glanced up at him. Hoseok’s eyes were closed and his lips were slightly parted. “I—I couldn’t feel bad after such good sex anyway,” Yoongi joked, and Hoseok’s lips quirked up, but he didn’t say anything. He was probably half asleep. “Night, Hoseok.”Yeah.Definitely not an average Wednesday.*Something sweet.A hint of bitterness cutting through it.Bright laughter and light behind his eyelids, a pestering linger that made it impossible to stay fully asleep.A pestering linger that made it impossible to ignore.Yoongi groaned into his pillow and rolled onto his stomach before prying his eyes open and pushing himself up on his elbows. The room came into focus slowly, all soft colors and sunlight streaming in through the thin curtains that covered the window.The bed was empty save for himself, and the door to the bedroom was cracked open. Yoongi rubbed his eyes and turned around to sit up properly. He spotted his clothes folded neatly at the foot of the bed and his stomach churned, but Yoongi was pretty sure it wasn’t from hunger, despite the pleasing smell drifting into the room.No, his stomach churned because he was waking up in Hoseok and Seokjin’s guest bedroom, Hoseok wasn’t in the bed with him anymore, and he had carpet burn on his palms. That, and he could hear Hoseok laughing in the kitchen or living room or something.With a sigh, Yoongi pushed himself out of the bed and grabbed his clothes, pulling them on slowly, taking his time, before he walked over to the door and pulled it open. Luckily, he knew there was a bathroom attached to Seokjin and Hoseok’s room, so he slipped down the hall and walked into their room to get to the bathroom before they would see he was awake.Yoongi didn’t pay any attention to their bedroom on the way into the bathroom, he was just glad it was empty. In the bathroom, he flicked on the light, went to the restroom, washed his hands, and then stared at his reflection. His hair looked crazy like it always did in the mornings, and he brushed it with his hands before touching the hickeys on his neck.There wasn’t anything he could do about them now, so he turned off the bathroom light and blankly stepped back into the bedroom. He didn’t mean to look around, to snoop, and he’d been in the room before, but his eyes were drawn to a photo sitting beside the bed of Seokjin, Hoseok and Seokjin’s parents. They looked happy.Despite everything, Yoongi smiled.Not even through jealousy, either.But he didn’t stay in the room for much longer, because he didn’t want to be caught in there, and instead he slinked down the hall and into the living room and adjoining kitchen.Seokjin was already dressed, or maybe he was still dressed from the day before (Yoongi couldn’t even remember what he’d been wearing, the whole pervious day seemed like a dream), but Hoseok was wearing what looked like pajamas. Loose fitting pants that hung low on his hips and a slightly too big, flimsy button down shirt with little shapes of dogs on it. The two of them were in the kitchen, Seokjin was looking in the oven, and Hoseok was smiling down at him easily.Yoongi cleared his throat.“Hey sleeping beauty,” Hoseok said when he looked up. “Did you sleep good, hyung? I didn’t wanna wake you up.”“I slept fine,” Yoongi said, and walked over to the little island in the kitchen and sat down at one of the stools unsurely. Seokjin stood up straight and shut the oven door, but Yoongi wasn’t looking at him, he was looking at Hoseok, who wasn’t trying to hide the hickey on his neck, with the way the first few buttons were undone on his shirt, any more than Yoongi was trying to hide his own.“Have fun last night?” Seokjin asked. Yoongi tore his gaze to his best friend, expecting some kind of resentful, passive-aggressive gaze. There wasn’t one. Seokjin had a little smile on his face, but he looked genuinely curious, not angry.“Um. Yeah,” Yoongi nodded and felt himself blush.“Don’t be shy,” Hoseok teased Yoongi. “You weren’t last night.”“Mm. Hoseok is good in bed,” Seokjin muttered, almost to himself and poured Yoongi a cup of coffee. “I thought the two of you had already been screwing around, honestly. Hoseok told me otherwise, just now.”“Shut up, you make it sound like I was telling you all the details of last night,” Hoseok said to Seokjin and then looked pointedly at Yoongi while Seokjin slid the coffee across the island to him. “I didn’t.”“It’s fine,” Yoongi said, even though a part of him wanted to keep last night between himself and Hoseok. “I’m his best friend, I’ve heard all his horror stories, anyway, so it would only be fair.”Hoseok raised an eyebrow and put his arm around Seokjin’s waist. “I can’t believe you just now told Yoongi about our thing yesterday,” Hoseok said to Seokjin. “But anyway, how was your night? Namjoon, right?”“Mhm,” Seokjin waggled his eyebrows. “He has great dimples.”“Oh, so you do have a type?” Hoseok smiled, closed mouthed, and Yoongi watched his little dimples appear and disappear. Then he watched Seokjin laugh and kiss Hoseok on the mouth.“Maybe,” Seokjin admitted. “What’s your type then, Yoongi and I look totally different.”“I like everyone,” Hoseok said.“Do you like calling everyone pretty, too?” Yoongi blurted out. “Or is that just me?”Seokjin coughed. Hoseok smirked and walked around the island and draped his arms over Yoongi’s shoulders. “Just you,” Hoseok said.“Wow, you guys are disgusting,” Seokjin said. “Did you make a mess of the guest room?”Hoseok turned his head slightly and his lips ghosted Yoongi’s ear. How he was so relaxed about doing it in front of Seokjin, and how Seokjin was so relaxed in response, baffled Yoongi. It didn’t make him uncomfortable, but it made him confused.“I think your floral comforter needs dry cleaning,” Hoseok admitted.“Sorry,” Yoongi chimed in. “It’s my fault, but Hoseok doesn’t know how to keep someone on the bed properly during sex.”“He fucked you off the bed?” Seokjin asked. “Impressive.”“Thanks,” Hoseok retorted and kissed Yoongi’s neck once, brief, before his warmth was gone and he was peeking in the oven to check on what was probably muffins or cinnamon rolls or some other sweet breakfast that Yoongi didn’t have the stomach to eat right then.“Oh, by the way,” Seokjin said to Hoseok, “Don’t forget we have dinner with your parents next week.”“I didn’t forget,” Hoseok said with a nod. “You remind me every day.”“Yeah, but you forgot a couple months ago and I had to listen to your mom tell me the same stories about your childhood for two hours,” Seokjin said in a lighthearted tone. “They were great the first time I heard them, but that was not the best dinner I’d ever had. And you ended up going to eat at that new ramen place, without me.”“I brought you leftovers!” Hoseok protested and shoved Seokjin’s shoulder playfully until Seokjin wrestled him into a backwards hug.Yoongi was distracted with the memory of going to a new ramen place with Hoseok a few months prior. Had Hoseok skipped out on going to that dinner with Seokjin and gone out with Yoongi instead? He didn’t want to ask. He didn’t want to make it seem like it was something it wasn’t.“As much as I would like to stay, I have work, and I’m already late,” Yoongi said abruptly.“Aw, no, call in sick,” Hoseok said, wiggling out of Seokjin’s embrace to stop Yoongi who was getting up and heading out of the kitchen. He touched Yoongi’s arm lightly and when Yoongi looked at him, he looked a tiny bit apologetic. “Hyung, you don’t have to leave. Are we making you uncomfortable?” he asked softly, so Seokjin couldn’t quite hear.“No, I just really have work,” Yoongi said. “Last night was fun, Hoseok…I’m not mad.”“You seem mad. I can tell when you’re overthinking something.”“What do you want me to say, then?” Yoongi asked. “I mean…I’m really okay.”Hoseok sighed and nodded. “We can talk about it later, then, if you want. I’d like to do it again, sometime. If you wanted to.”Of course I want to, Yoongi thought, but where does this lead?“I’ll text you or, you know, see you. We see each other all the time.”“Alright,” Hoseok said. “Maybe call me when you get off work. Me and Jiminie and Kook were going to go dancing, you should come.”“Right, because that’s my scene,” Yoongi said sarcastically. “I’ll think about it, though.”Hoseok leaned in a tiny, almost nonexistent, bit, but he didn’t follow through with the movement. Like, he considering kissing Yoongi goodbye, and then decided against it. Or maybe Yoongi was imagining things. Maybe all his little ideas that Hoseok had been flirting with him this entire time were all in his imagination. Of course, last night hadn’t been his imagination. But Yoongi didn’t know if the confusion he felt was warranted. He didn’t think he’d done anything wrong, per say, or that Hoseok had, but he just felt…strange.“Have a good day at work!” Seokjin called when Hoseok guided Yoongi back towards the door, his hand on Yoongi’s lower back. “Fix your shirt, though, it’s inside out!”“Are you sure you’re okay?” Hoseok asked and opened the door for Yoongi as Yoongi stepped into his shoes.“Yep,” Yoongi said. “Just don’t tell Seokjin I have a thing for being called ‘baby’ or I’ll kick your ass.”“Ah,” Hoseok made the motion of zipping his lips shut. “Your secret is safe with me.”“Okay,” Yoongi nodded. “It better be.”“It is.”And then Hoseok leaned forward and kissed the corner of Yoongi’s mouth, a simple press of their lips together that lasted a few seconds. Before Yoongi could say anything else, or Hoseok could, Yoongi found himself out in the hallway of the building, headed for the elevator.It was going to be an average Thursday, he promised himself.Even still, Yoongi didn’t know what he had gotten himself into.And Hoseok’s kiss lingered. 



Afterword


End Notes
yeah it has an open ending thingy, but if you know anything about me, you shouldn't be surprised. i'm not...against? adding to this as a little series? but I don't know for sure, I guess it depends?but feel free to leave feedback (on this thing i wrote in two days, i hate myself) if you wanna and shout at me on twitter


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



