



Little Space - REWRITTEN - M_ochiiii - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Little Space - REWRITTEN
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/12815913.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Min Yoongi | Suga/Park Jimin, Jeon Jungkook/Kim Taehyung | V, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope/Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster/Kim Seokjin | Jin
Character:
Min Yoongi | Suga, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Kim Taehyung | V, Kim Seokjin | Jin, Jeon Jungkook, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Park Jimin (BTS)
Additional Tags:
Little Space, Little!Jimin, yoonmin, vmin - Freeform, namjinseok, namjin - Freeform, repost, rewritten, Fluff, No Smut, innocent okay innocent, Daddy!Yoongi, Non-Sexual Intimacy, Non-Sexual Submission, ddlb, caregiver yoongi, Age Regression/De-Aging, Angst, Yoongi has a drinking problem, Drinking to Cope, Relapsing, jimin has a cutting problem, Implied/Referenced Self-Harm, side Taekook - Freeform, little!Taehyung, caregiver!kookie, long but worth it, I promise, little!hoseok, caregiver!namjin, Attempted Sexual Assault, eventually, angsty, Violence, just in some chapters
Stats:

        Published: 2017-11-24
          Completed: 2018-02-02
          Chapters: 100/100
        Words: 96838
      

Little Space - REWRITTEN
by M_ochiiii
Summary
little!jimin and daddy!yoongi have to go through many different experiences due to their lifestyle, but it only makes them closer along the way rewritten




stress



“Jiminie? Are you home?” Yoongi called as he stepped through the front door of their apartment. As he looked around, he heard no sound or even visual proof someone was here other than him. Setting his things down on the table, and a few white takeout bags on the counter, he went to their bedroom to look for the younger.Sure enough, his boyfriend was sat crisscross on the bed, hair messy and tongue poking out the side of his mouth slightly in concentration. His headphones were in as he typed away on the computer, eyes darting. From this angle, Yoongi could see the dark circles under his eyes that had seemed to darken since this morning when he left.“Jiminie?” Yoongi called again, walking into the room. Jimin didn’t hear or see him, he just kept working on whatever he was doing.When Yoongi stepped into Jimin’s line of sight, the younger gasped, a hand coming up to grab at his chest. “Jesus, hyung, you scared me,” Jimin panted, pulling out his headphones.Yoongi chuckled softly. “Sorry.”“Why are you home so early?” the younger asked, placing his hands on his knees instead of the computer.Yoongi quirked an eyebrow and pointed to the clock, which read eight o’clock, an hour past the time Yoongi was supposed to come home.“Shit. I didn’t realize how…” Jimin trailed off, shaking his head and ruffling his hair.Yoongi sighed and moved over to the bed, sitting on the edge. He began playing with Jimin’s black hair at the nape of his neck.“How long have you been working on that essay, honey?” Yoongi asked, hand running up higher into Jimin’s hair, to which he sighed contently. “You’ve been stressing over it all week.”“Well… If you left at noon… Probably since then?”Yoongi smacked his head lightly. “Yah! What’s wrong with you?! Have you eaten?!” Yoongi exclaimed, glaring down at him.“Uh… Would you believe me if I said yes?” Jimin tried. He turned to look at Yoongi, who only gave him another disapproving look. “I’m sorry, hyung.”Yoongi sighed. “Come on,” he said, patting Jimin’s thigh. He stood up and held out his hand.Jimin looked at him quizzingly, but took his hand anyway. The older led them to the kitchen. He directed Jimin to sit down at the table, but before he could sit in a certain chair, Yoongi stopped him. He moved a confused Jimin to the head of the table and sat him down in a seat with long arm rests. Yoongi pushed the younger’s chair in, the arm rests effectively not letting him move out of the chair. The chair was a little bit higher than the rest, and Jimin was short, so his feet could just reach the floor. They only used this chair when Jimin wasn’t big.“But, hyung, I’m not little-”“Shh,” Yoongi cut him off. He moved around the kitchen to the counter where he had left the bags. He pulled out takeout from Jimin’s favourite restaurant and began moving the food onto two different plates.By the time Yoongi had made it back to the table with two plates and chopsticks, Jimin’s mouth was watering and his stomach was growling. Jimin reached out for the plate, but was met with Yoongi’s sharp gaze. “I gotta cut it up for you first, sweetheart.”“But, hyung, I’m not even little right now!” Jimin whined. He reached out for the plate again, but Yoongi kept it away.“Well, you sure sound little.”Jimin growled at that and sat back, crossing his arms. “Yoongi hyung, I’m not little! Stop treating me like a kid when I’m big!”“But you’re such a good boy, baby.”Jimin gasped, his eyes twinkling. Jimin felt himself slipping into his headspace almost immediately, and enjoying the feeling as the stress left his body. Jimin’s whole body tingled warmly and Yoongi smirked, having known that those three words would finally get Jimin to relax.“Daddy,” Jimin muttered, his face light and happy. “There’s my baby boy,” Yoongi said with a eye-crinkling smile. He softly brushed his baby’s bangs away from his face. “Hi, Daddy.” Jimin smiled, reaching out for the food again. Yoongi finished cutting it up and slid it over to Jimin.Jimin reached out for the chopsticks and tried to position them in his hands, but they fell to the table with a soft crash. Jimin’s bottom lip stuck out, and Yoongi felt the need to kiss it. He learned over and gave him a soft peck on the lips and grabbed the chopsticks.“It’s okay, baby. Daddy’ll feed you.”Jimin smiled up at him. “He will?!” he cried excitedly.Yoongi nodded with a smile. He carefully picked up a small piece of chicken and held it out to Jimin, waiting for his lips to close around the chopsticks before pulling them away to grab more. Jimin mewled as the taste hit his tongue, his stomach aching for more. He chewed and swallowed, opening his mouth so Yoongi could feed him again. Jimin finished his whole dinner. Yoongi told the younger he was proud of him as he stood up and kissed the top of Jimin’s head, taking his plate to the sink. He pulled out a small box from a bag on the counter, setting it in front of Jimin. He sat back down and began eating the rest of his own dinner.“What’s this, Daddy?” Jimin slurred. Yoongi noticed he must’ve been getting tired.“Go ahead and open it, baby.”With Yoongi’s permission, Jimin went ahead and ripped into the small cardboard box, as carefully as his stubby little fingers could. When he saw what was inside, he squealed, making Yoongi smile around his mouthful of rice.“Thank you, thank you, thank you!” Jimin said, pulling a large chocolate cupcake with blue frosting from the box.“Anything for you, sweetheart.”Jimin giggled and peeled the paper from the bottom, taking a big bite out of the side. Yoongi watched as the blue icing coated his nose cutely. Yoongi stood up from the table again, placing his empty plate into the sink and grabbing a paper towel he wet with a bit of warm water.He waited until Jimin finished his cupcake before wiping off the icing with the paper towel, laughing when Jimin giggled.“Clean up your trash, baby. Then we can go take a bath.”Jimin beamed and brought the empty box to the trash can. After putting in the waste, he tapped the lid gently. He skipped back over to Yoongi and the elder patted his head. “Come on, Jiminie.”“Yes, Daddy,” Jimin hummed as they made their way to the bathroom.Yoongi placed Jimin onto the toilet seat to wait for the bath to be ready. As it filled, Yoongi went to the bedroom and picked out Jimin’s favourite onesie, along with an oversized T-shirt and sweatpants for himself. He brought them into the bathroom and turned off the water.“Arms up,” he sing-songed. Jimin’s arms went into the air and he let Yoongi undress him. He stood up to take off his jeans and Yoongi led him to the tub. Jimin got in and Yoongi poured a pink solution into the water. Jimin moved his hands around, causing bubbles to cover the surface. Yoongi stripped himself and got into the tub behind Jimin.Yoongi hummed as he washed Jimin’s hair and back. Jimin listened to him for a while, then decided to play with his toys. He brought out his favourite, a small purple octopus, and began swishing it around in the bubbles. He would bring it under the surface, only for it to appear a second later somewhere else, covered in bubbles. Yoongi laughed as he watched Jimin play happily.“Okay, baby, close your eyes.” Jimin did as he was told and Yoongi poured water over his hair, rinsing out the shampoo and conditioner. Jimin hummed and his spine tingled from Yoongi’s fingers on his scalp.After another while of Yoongi rubbing small circles into Jimin’s shoulders and Jimin playing, he tapped Jimin and started to stand up, letting him know it was time to get out.“Aww, Daddy, do we have to?”Yoongi dried himself off with a towel and slipped into his clothes. “Yes, Minnie. It’s almost time for bed. Plus, the water is dirty and cold. Wouldn’t you rather get out of that?”Jimin shrugged. “I guess so.” He stood up and Yoongi wrapped a towel around him, playing with his hair again.Yoongi dried him off and dressed him, giving Jimin occasional tickles as he zipped the onesie. Jimin’s eyes were getting droopier by the second.“Come on, Jiminie. Let’s get you to bed.” He took the younger’s hand in his, but Jimin didn’t budge. He turned around to look at him.Jimin mumbled something. Yoongi bent down and pushed his bangs back. “What was that, baby?”“Upsies,” Jimin muttered, a blush spreading along his cheeks.Yoongi smiled and stood back up. Jimin seemed to be getting younger and younger. He sometimes happened to slip further as he grew more tired.“Of course, baby boy.” Yoongi leaned down and grabbed the younger by his waist, pulling him up into his arms bridal style. Jimin clasped his hands around Yoongi’s neck and leaned against his shoulder, smiling softly.The elder laid Jimin down in the bed, pulling the covers up to his shoulders. Yoongi got into bed behind him, letting Jimin wrap his legs and arms around him in comfort. Yoongi ended up laying on his back, Jimin’s face on his chest. Jimin had his thumb in his mouth, suckling on it a bit.“Thank you, Daddy,” Jimin sighed, snuggling even closer.“Anything for you. I love you, baby.” Yoongi closed his eyes as he lifted a hand to pet Jimin’s hair, trying to lull the small one to sleep.“I love you too, Daddy,” Jimin managed before falling asleep.Yoongi laid there and played with the raven hair between his fingers until he was sure he was asleep. Then, Yoongi wrapped that arm around Jimin and hugged him close in case he had nightmares, letting himself fall asleep to Jimin’s soft breathing against his chest.



ice cream
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Yoongi was jolted awake when a weight landed on his chest, momentarily knocking the wind out of him. His eyes shot open and took in the face of his boyfriend, messy hair and sparkly eyes.“Jimin, what...?”“Good morning, Daddy!” Jimin squealed, rolling over next to the elder, he swung his leg over Yoongi’s waist and hugged him.Jimin was still in little space. “Good morning, baby.” Yoongi kissed his forehead and booped his nose, earning a soft giggle from the younger. “What do you wanna do today?”“Doesn’t Daddy have to go to work?” Jimin asked, tilting his head to the side curiously.Yoongi leaned down and kissed him again. “Nah. I’ll call in sick. I wanna spend the day with my little boy.”Jimin gasped quietly and giggled. “Yay! Let’s get ice cream!”Yoongi smiled. “You had a huge cupcake last night! And it isn’t even lunchtime yet.”“But, Daddy.” Jimin pouted.Yoongi’s heart clenched. “Fine. After lunch we will, I promise.”“Yay!” Jimin squeaked again, jumping up from the bed. “Let’s eat lunch now!”“Jiminnn~” Yoongi groaned, shoving the pillow over his face. “Let Daddy sleep.”“Noooo. I’ve been waiting too long alreadyyyy. Will Daddy paint with me?”“How about you and Daddy go to the living room and you can paint while Daddy does his work?”“Okay!” Jimin yelled, running to his cabinet to grab paint supplies.Yoongi chuckled and sat up, stretching his arms over his head. He yawned sleepily and stood up, stretching out his back.“Daddy!” he heard Jimin call from the living room.“I’m coming, sweetheart,” Yoongi mumbled as loud as he could as he put on his slippers and padded out of the room.Jimin was already seated against the couch, arms resting on the table in front of him. Yoongi went to grab his backpack and put it down on the side of the couch, rummaging through it to pull out a binder. Jimin frowned and supported his head with his palm, tapping a pencil against the paper in front of him.“What’s wrong, sweetheart?”“Dunno what to draw, Daddy.” Jimin let out a soft, disapproving hum.“Well… What does Jiminie love?” Yoongi asked. He opened his binder and a large textbook, clicking his mechanical pencil.“Daddy.” Jimin turned around and smiled, earning a soft hair tussle from the elder.“Is that it, baby?”“Well, I also love Daddy’s kisses! And the way your hair gets all messy. And ice cream and puppies and candy…” Jimin smiled to himself, looking up at the ceiling, still tapping his pencil.“Draw what you love, sweetheart. That should be easy.”Jimin gasped. “Daddy’s so smart!” he whispered and he set off drawing, his tongue pressing through his lips slightly. Yoongi watched him for a short minute before turning back to his own work.~Jimin held up his drawing, searching for Yoongi’s approval. Yoongi immediately worked up from his textbook, his eyes adjusting a bit as he took in Jimin’s drawing.Jimin had drawn what looked like Yoongi and him, eating ice cream and walking a puppy, the leash in Jimin’s hand. Yoongi’s hair was a bright pink, Jimin’s his dark black hair. The puppy looked a lot like Taehyung’s, except it was a darker brown colour. They were walking in the park and Yoongi had his arm around Jimin’s shoulders, keeping the side of his face buried in Jimin’s hair with a smile.“Jiminie… it’s beautiful…” Yoongi said, eyes wide in shock. He never knew Jimin could draw this well.“Thank you, Daddy! Can I… put it on the fridge?” he asked, his eyes widening.“No way is it gonna only be on the fridge. I’m gonna frame it, baby.”Jimin’s face lit up. “Really, Daddy?!”“Of course, sweetie. Come here, sit with me until I finish.”Jimin scrambled up on the couch and let Yoongi wrap his arm over his shoulder. He rested his head on the elder, taking a deep, content breath. He closed his eyes and kissed Yoongi’s neck.~“Da - Hyung, can I have strawberry?” Jimin asked, leaning up on Yoongi.Yoongi smiled down at him. “Of course. Strawberry for him and chocolate for me.”“Yes, sir,” the cashier said, taking Yoongi’s money and giving him his change back.Yoongi reached up and ruffled Jimin’s hair. “Don’t be so uncomfortable, honey,” he whispered.“I’m not. I promise.” He smiled up at the elder, Yoongi’s heart practically melting. Yoongi kissed his nose and made Jimin giggle.They took their ice cream and went for a walk, Yoongi keeping his arm around Jimin’s waist. They walked and talked, enjoying each other’s presence until they had finished their ice cream.“Come on, sweetheart. Let’s go home.”“Okay,” Jimin sighed, following Yoongi to his car.~It was now seven o’clock in the evening and Yoongi was getting worried. Jimin hadn’t ever been in little space for this long before without intervals. He was sure the younger was fine, it was just making him a bit curious. Yoongi nervously wondered if it was because he forced Jimin into the headspace the day prior. He went into the younger’s room, seeing him watching an anime on his phone, hugging a plushie to his chest as he laid on the bed.“Jiminie?” Yoongi asked.Jimin took out his headphones and paused the video. “Yes, Daddy?”“Are you okay?” Yoongi leaned against the door frame, rubbing his arm with his opposite hand.“Of course I am, Daddy! Why? What happened?” Jimin asked, his cute eyes crinkling.Yoongi shrugged. “How’s your paper going?”“Oh. That. Well… That’s for Big Jimin to talk about.” Jimin looked at the floor.Yoongi shifted slightly, worried about triggering something within Jimin. “Where is Big Jimin?”Jimin looked up at Yoongi, tears shining in his eyes. “Does Daddy not like… Little Jimin?”Yoongi immediately crossed the room over to the bed and knelt down, large sweatshirt hanging from his body. “Oh my gosh, Jiminie, no! No! I love Little Jimin. I love Big Jimin. I love every part of you.” Yoongi lifted his hands to cup Jimin’s perfect, chubby cheeks, swiping away at the tears that fell. “You’re so perfect. Everything about you. I don’t know what I’d do without you. Don’t cry, baby. I’m just worried is all.”“W-Worried about wh-what?” Jimin asked, sniffling.“I thought I caused you to be in little space for so long. I forced you into it when I shouldn’t have. Daddy’s sorry, baby. Daddy’s so sorry.”Jimin stopped sniffling and lifted his head up. “Hyung…”Yoongi met his eyes and brushed away the last of the tears, detecting the change immediately. “Honey, I’m sorry.”“Hyung, I… really needed that. Don’t be sorry. Please, hyung. It’s okay. Yoongi hyung.” Jimin pulled the elder up into his arms.“I shouldn’t have forced you into it, baby. Please don’t be mad. You scared me. You’ve never gone to sleep overnight and woken up in the headspace.”“I’m perfectly fine, hyung.” Jimin giggled as he pulled Yoongi away a bit to look at his face. He gave him a soft kiss on his forehead. “I’m fine.”“I’m so shitty. I probably yanked you right out of that headspace, didn’t I?”Jimin shook his head, him being the one rubbing Yoongi’s cheeks now. “It was about time I got out anyway. Still have that paper due.”Yoongi composed himself and pulled away from Jimin, flicking his forehead. “Yah! Stop getting me sidetracked! Do your work and stop stressing about it!”“Ah!” Jimin hissed in pain. “You were the one about to cry on me a second ago!”Yoongi kissed the younger quickly and flipped him off as he left the room. “Do your work!” he said before closing the door.Jimin smirked at the door before chuckling lightly to himself and moving to grab his laptop. Yoongi was so precious when he took care of Jimin. He sighed and looked back at his laptop and continued typing.



Chapter End Notes
how come y'all aint tell me i didnt finish the last sentence smh


stitches



It was finally the time for finals. Jimin was stressed to his wit’s end, ready to pull out all his hair and bite off all his nails. He wasn’t doing bad in any of his courses - he was doing pretty decent actually - but the anxiety always got to him. He would stay up reading until the early hours of the morning, only going to sleep earlier when Yoongi forced him to. He ate what little he could while reading and writing, reviewing notes after notes. It wasn’t until he was laying on the floor of his bedroom, hair greasy and stinky clothes, eyes slightly glazed and mouth open, that Yoongi butted in.“Jiminie,” Yoongi said, squatting down to look at Jimin closely on the floor. “Get up.”“I wanna lay here and die, hyung. Let me rot on the floor in peace,” Jimin responded blatantly.Yoongi chuckled under his breath. “Come on, you’re stressed for nothing. You’re gonna do fine.”Yoongi had graduated from college a few years previous. He knew what he was talking about. All the stress of the exams nearly killed him too. In the end, he ended up doing fine.“I am not stressed for nothing, hyung. This is my last year of college. If I fail, it’s all over and I’ll have to take another year and I won’t get a good job or diploma and we’ll never buy a house and have kids and grow old together,” Jimin groaned, covering his face.“Babe, don’t be... You wanna grow old together?” Yoongi asked, a blush spreading along his cheekbones.Jimin removed his arms from his face to look at Yoongi. “W-Well, yeah…”Yoongi looked dazed for a moment before he cleared his throat. “Stop stressing out. You’re gonna be fine. What can I do to make it better?”“You could leave me to die.”“Then how would we grow old together?” The blush quickly returned on Yoongi’s face.Jimin snorted and sat up. “Maybe a date with a certain hyung could help.”Yoongi sighed. “Fine. But then you can’t stress anymore.” Yoongi stood up and reached out his hand. Jimin took it, letting the elder pull him up.“Where do you wanna go?”~After dinner, they decided to go back to their apartment and watch a movie or two. Yoongi was laying down on the couch, waiting for Jimin to come back from the kitchen and cuddle up with him. He heard a crash from the kitchen and wasted no time in jumping up from the couch and running to the door.“Jimin?!” Yoongi said as he ran through the doorway into the kitchen. Jimin had dropped the glass of kernels on the floor. The small things were spread along the floor, the glass in pieces.“Sorry, Daddy,” Jimin said in a soft voice. He clasped his fingers behind his back and looked down at the floor, bangs obscuring his beautiful eyes.Yoongi knelt down, taking his baby’s face into his palms. “Did you switch into the headspace halfway through moving it?” He smiled softly.Jimin nodded and moved his eyes away from Yoongi’s. Yoongi tutted and tapped his fingers on his cheek to bring his attention back. “Daddy isn’t mad. Go sit on the couch and pick a movie, I’ll clean it up.” Yoongi kissed his forehead before standing up.Jimin beamed at him and ran out into the living room. Yoongi laughed and shook his head, wondering how he was so lucky to have someone like Jimin.He started on cleaning. He successfully cleaned all the kernels, but when he moved to the glass, he noticed a few drops of blood on the floor. He cursed under his breath and stood up, going to the living room.“Jimin,” he called as he stepped through the doorway. Jimin was laid on the couch, arms above his head.“Yes, Daddy?” he asked, moving his head up a bit to look at Yoongi.Yoongi fixed his eyes on his hand, which was bleeding freely onto the couch beneath it. “Christ, Jimin,” he said, running to the couch and grabbing his wrist.“Hey! Daddy, that hurts!” Jimin sat up on the couch, moving to look at what Yoongi was doing. The sight made him gasp.There was a shard of glass of decent size lodged in his right palm. He didn't know how he didn't feel it until now. Blood covered the glass and the rest of his hand. There was also a stain on the couch. It made Jimin squeamish.“Daddy, I don’t like it,” Jimin whined, shaking a bit. He had never liked seeing blood. It made him nauseous.“Sh, it’s okay, baby. Let’s go to the bathroom.”Jimin nodded and let Yoongi lead him to the bathroom, where he looked at Jimin’s hand under brighter light. He sighed and gently placed the younger’s hand on the sink.“Jimin, sweetheart, we should go to the hospital. I don’t feel like I should take it out myself.”Jimin’s eyes widened. “But… Do we have to? Daddy, you know I don’t like it there.”“I know, sweetie. But we gotta go.” Yoongi ruffled his hair and pulled him in for a kiss on the forehead.Yoongi led him from the bathroom to the front door, putting a jacket over his shoulders and fixing his hair a bit. He grabbed a towel from under the sink and wrapped it around Jimin’s hand, feeling awful when Jimin winced.“Let’s go, honey.”Jimin nodded and followed Yoongi out of the house and into the car.~“D - Hyung, it smells weird in here. I wanna go home.” Jimin was holding Yoongi’s hand with his free one as they sat in the waiting room of the hospital. Jimin wasn’t wrong, either. The incredible sterile smell was starting to give Yoongi a headache.“I know, baby. We’ll be out of here soon enough.” He let go of Jimin’s hand in favour of replacing it with his opposite hand, slinging an arm over Jimin’s shoulders. Jimin visibly relaxed against him, nuzzling his face into his chest and welcoming the scent of the elder.“Park Jimin!” a cheery nurse called. She was standing at swinging double doors, gesturing for the two of them to follow.Yoongi stood up, pulling the younger with him. Jimin started shaking a bit. Yoongi rubbed his arm and blew a bit of air behind his ear, trying to calm him. They walked over to the nurse and she smiled. She led them to a private room and told them to wait for the doctor.“Daddy?” Jimin asked. He was perched on the bed, swinging his feet a bit. Yoongi went over to his boyfriend, cupping his cheeks again. He couldn’t resist touching the squishy cheeks, especially when Jimin let him.“What is it, honey?” Yoongi brushed Jimin’s bangs away from his eyes.“I’m little and… the doctor… What if he...”“Shh, you’ll be okay.” Yoongi pet his hair to calm him.Jimin nodded. He sighed softly and put his head against Yoongi’s shoulder. Just then, the doctor opened the door and greeted them. Jimin reached out to Yoongi with his good hand and laced their fingers.“What’s the problem today, Jimin-ssi?” the doctor asked, taking out his clipboard.Jimin took a deep breath. “W-Well… I dropped a glass bottle and I tried to pick it up with my bare hands and…” Jimin held out his hurt hand as the end to his sentence.“Ah. Well, let me take a look.” The doctor stepped closer. Yoongi unwrapped the towel gently and Jimin held his hand out to the doctor. After inspection, the doctor leaned back and sighed. “Good news and bad news. The good news is it went in clean and should be relatively easy to take out. It’s just a flesh wound, but you will need stitches. It hasn’t done harm to any other part of your hand. Bad news; it’s gonna hurt like hell. I could numb the area if you wish, but it won’t entirely guarantee you won’t feel anything.”Jimin nodded along, trying to wrap his head around what the doctor was saying. It was kind of hard as he was still in his headspace. Yoongi was still playing with his hair. He knew Yoongi would understand even if he didn’t. The doctor explained a few more things and left to grab supplies, leaving Jimin and Yoongi alone in the room.“Daddy?” Jimin asked. “What’s going on?”“It’ll be okay, Jiminie. The doctor says that your hand should be fine after we take the glass out. But you’re gonna need stitches and it might hurt a little. Do you think you’ll be okay with that?” Yoongi asked, smiling.Jimin nodded. “I think so, Daddy. As long as you’re here. You’ll be here, right?”“I’m not going anywhere, baby. I’ll hold your hand and hug you as it happens.”Jimin smiled and agreed.The doctor came back in accompanied by a nurse with supplies on a tray. He settled it down onto the bed beside Jimin and put the gloves on. Jimin started to look uneasy, so Yoongi quickly shushed him in his ear and put his arm around the younger’s shoulders. The doctor started to numb Jimin’s hand. Jimin felt his hand losing feeling, which was odd since it had been in so much pain. He wasn’t complaining though, it felt a lot better.It wasn’t until the doctor started to pull the glass out that Jimin whimpered, tucking his face into Yoongi’s neck. Yoongi responded by nodding his head to the doctor, who had stopped out of sympathy, and hugged Jimin closer. The doctor continued and Jimin hissed once the glass was finally removed from his palm.“You’re halfway done, Jimin. Stitches and it’ll be over. You’re being so good. Have you done this before?”Jimin shook his head shyly, face still against Yoongi’s neck. His breathing tickled slightly, but Yoongi wasn’t going to move from him.The doctor began sewing Jimin’s palm. It looked hideous to Yoongi, but he knew it was necessary. Jimin squirmed a few times but stayed relatively still and quiet.Once the doctor was finished, he stepped back and admired his work. “All done!”Jimin let out an audible breath that he didn’t realize he had been holding. He moved his face away to look down at his palm. Ugly black thread held the skin on opposite sides of the gash together. It made him kind of feel queasy, so he looked away. The doctor placed a bandage around his hand. Yoongi listened as the doctor talked about proper stitches care. Jimin just looked down at his hand.“And before I forget,” the doctor started. The man walked over to a drawer and pulled out a few lollipops. “Here you are, Jimin. For being so good.”Jimin’s eyes widened as he took the candy. “Thank you!”The doctor smiled and wrote down a few things before saying his goodbye and leaving, giving Yoongi a quick thumbs up when Jimin wasn’t watching. Yoongi kissed Jimin’s forehead.“Let’s go home, Jiminie.”“Okay, Daddy,” Jimin responded, hopping off the bed and letting Yoongi wrap the jacket around his shoulders once again.~Jimin was sitting in front the couch again, trying to draw with his left hand, which wasn’t working out too well. He kept getting frustrated and groaning, trying to do his best. Yoongi came into the room with some orange juice in a sippy cup and a soda for himself. He placed the orange juice in front of Jimin and patted his hair. He sat up on the couch and crossed his legs, drinking some of his soda.“What’s up, baby?”“Can’t draw, Daddy.” Jimin pouted and sat back, placing his head on the cushions behind him.“Aww, that’s okay, sweetie.” Yoongi reached down and tousled his silky hair. “You can draw all you want once your hand gets better.”“I guess.” Jimin looked down and huffed.“Come on, Jimin. Come cuddle and we can watch a movie.” Yoongi stretched out his arms, beckoning for the younger.Jimin smiled and climbed up onto the couch, grabbing his sippy cup. He curled himself up against Yoongi, smiling as his ever-so-perfect fingers carded through his hair.



starshow



“Daddy, come play with me!” Jimin was squealing, sitting cross legged on the couch. A strawberry Pocky stick was wobbling from between his teeth, the flavoured side in his mouth. There was a smile pulling at his lips and his dimples were showing.“Daddy doesn’t even like strawberry that much, baby,” Yoongi said, sitting down on the couch, facing Jimin.“Come on, Daddy, it’ll be fun,” Jimin slurred, trying to move the stick around and giggling when it smacked him in the cheek. Yoongi sighed and nodded, giving in to the adorable little.He leaned forward, moving the stick back to point out directly in front of him. Yoongi leaned in as well, taking the non-covered end between his teeth. He slowly chewed his way down the stick. Just before he could touch their lips, he pulled back and swallowed.“Daddy!” Jimin exclaimed, eating what little was left. “Play it right!” He playfully hit Yoongi’s thigh.Yoongi chuckled. “Alright, alright, baby. Get another one.” Jimin popped another one into his mouth, smiling around it. Yoongi leaned forward once more, chewing even slower down the stick. Jimin watched with his eyes wide and a slight rosy tint to his cheeks. The anticipation was the worst part.Just as Yoongi got really close, he put his hand up and placed it on the back of Jimin’s neck, pulling him closer. Yoongi closed his eyes and ate the last of this stick, kissing Jimin finally. Jimin squealed and kissed him back, tilting his head to deepen it slightly. Yoongi caught him and leaned back with a wicked smile.“Daddyyy~” Jimin whined.“I thought you wanted to play the game, Jimin-ah.” Yoongi laughed at Jimin’s narrowed gaze towards him.Jimin grumbled and pulled out another stick. He placed it between his lips and waited for Yoongi to start eating it. Yoongi was halfway down when Jimin started eating it too. Before Yoongi could react, Jimin closed the distance and ate the rest of the stick, opening his mouth against Yoongi’s lips. Yoongi yelped out of surprise, but let Jimin deepen the kiss as much as he wanted.“Jimin - Jiminie - Baby, let - Let Daddy breathe. Jimin-” Yoongi said against Jimin’s mouth between kisses. He finally had to push Jimin away with a smile because the younger was so relentless.Jimin just giggled. “Love you, Daddy.” He kissed Yoongi’s nose.“I love you, too. Let’s go out to lunch, okay?”Jimin nodded enthusiastically. “Okay!”~“A chocolate milkshake and some fries, please,” Yoongi ordered, handing over his money. Jimin was to his left, holding onto his hand as he looked around the restaurant. “And two straws?”After Yoongi paid, he made his way to an empty booth, pulling the younger with him. Jimin was wrapped up in one of Yoongi’s sweatshirts that was too big for him and he looked absolutely precious in it. Yoongi sat Jimin down on the opposite side of the booth from him. He smoothed out Jimin’s hair affectionately before taking his own seat.Their milkshake and fries came. Yoongi quickly stuck two straws in the glass and poured a bunch of ketchup on the French fries, just like Jimin loved. Jimin squealed and shoved three fries into his mouth, chewing happily with his eyes closed. Yoongi laughed quietly and took a sip of the milkshake, Jimin following suit. Yoongi smiled around his straw as Jimin hummed, their faces close. Yoongi pulled off his straw to kiss Jimin on the nose, making him squeal happily.Halfway through their milkshake, Yoongi started on the fries. They were good, but not as heavenly as his boyfriend drinking a milkshake with sweater paws. Yoongi was pretty sure he could feel his pupils widening as he watched him lovingly. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he remembered reading about your pupils dilating when looking at someone you love. He was sure his were blown.Jimin mewled after a particularly long sip and sat back. “Thanks, hyung.”Yoongi looked up immediately at his change in tone. “Hi, babe.” Yoongi smiled and reached out to ruffle Jimin’s hair.Jimin laughed. “Let’s go, hyung. I need to take a nap,” he sing-songed.“A nap? A nap for what? Are you turning into me now?” Yoongi asked, tilting his head to the side with a smirk.Jimin shrugged. “There’s a meteor shower tonight. Can we watch it all night? Please, hyung?”Yoongi thought for a minute before agreeing. “Alright. Then I’m gonna take that nap with you.”~They were curled up on the bed together, legs and arms intertwined. They had been sleeping for hours when Yoongi finally woke up. He stretched his arms above his head and made a strained noise deep in his throat. Jimin stirred a bit, his face buried in Yoongi’s shoulder.Yoongi looked over Jimin to glance at the clock. It was about seven forty-five, meaning the shower would start anytime soon. He sat up, shaking the younger awake.“Jiminie, wake up. It’s time to watch the shooting stars. C’mon.”Jimin rolled over and rubbed his eyes. “Wha..?”“C’mon,” Yoongi repeated. He shook Jimin’s shoulder gently. He finally sat up and shook out his hair with his hands.Yoongi stood up and grabbed some blankets and sweatshirts. He carried them around the apartment, putting on his shoes as he went.“Jiminie!” he called, kicking his shoes out from near the door.Jimin came walking down the hallway, sleep still dragging his eyelids down. He never woke up quickly. “I’m coming, I’m coming, hyung.”“Grab some sodas or something, babe.”Jimin nodded and went into the fridge, grabbing all the sodas and waters he could carry. He slipped on his shoes.The two exited the apartment and Jimin locked it behind them. They made their way down the hallway and into the elevator, taking it to the highest floor they could. Once there, they took the final staircase that led to the roof.Yoongi laid out the blankets and rolled up another to put underneath their heads. He gave Jimin one of his sweatshirts and Jimin immediately pulled it on to protect himself from the chilly air.Yoongi pulled on another one of his, this one hanging off his body as well. He really needed to get more form-fitting sweatshirts. Yoongi laid back on the blanket, throwing his arm behind his head. He reached out an arm, letting Jimin lay down and curl up against his side.The two waited silently for the show to begin. Jimin’s breathing tickled Yoongi’s neck, but it was warm, so it was welcomed. Yoongi hummed and closed his eyes.The minutes ticked by. Yoongi felt sleep creeping up on him. Jimin suddenly jumped up and started squealing, pointing at the sky.“Hyung, hyung! There was one! Hyung!”Yoongi sat up, blinking rapidly. He looked up at the sky, straining his neck. Sure enough, another meteor flew into the atmosphere, disappearing almost as quickly as it had appeared.“Wow…” Yoongi muttered, watching three simultaneously streak against the sky and burn out.Jimin was giggling. “I’ve never seen a shooting star, hyung.”“Me neither,” Yoongi whispered, awestruck. He laid back down and brought Jimin with him. “I’m glad my first one was with you,” he added quietly.Jimin smiled so wide it had to hurt. “Me too, Yoongi hyung.”The curled around each other, watching the sky. Every so often, another flash of light would shine through the clearing of the treetops, making them excited and cling to each other tighter. Neither of them knew much about space or constellations, anything star or meteor related, but everything they needed to know right then was there between them as they held onto each other and watched the sky darkening, streaks of white raining down.



corner store ramyeon



Jimin was outside in one of Yoongi’s sweatshirts, walking down a dimly lit street. He was running down to the corner store to grab some ibuprofen for the elder. Yoongi had been working on music for a while and wasn’t sleeping much so it was normal for him to get headaches. He didn’t tell Yoongi he had left, just ran out the door. Jimin thought he could get Yoongi some of his favourite ramyeon and snacks while he was at it.Jimin walked into the store and grabbed a basket. He roamed the aisles, searching for the food. Once he had found everything, he moved on to grabbing some ibuprofen. He paid for his things and exited the store, carrying a few bags.It was really dark outside. He didn’t remember the time he left. He should have checked. Jimin wasn’t particularly fond of the dark. In fact, it terrified him. He started on his way home, hoping the street-lights would be enough to keep him from being scared. Jimin tugged his sleeves to cover his hands and protect them from the cold. His eyes darted back and forth as he walked down the street. A few cars passed by him every now and then.Jimin was halfway home when the streetlights were starting to get farther apart. He cursed whoever’s idea it was to spread them out. As he was looking around, the streetlight he was passing started blinking. He froze and looked up at it, fear burning through his chest.The pitiful streetlight blinked out finally, leaving Jimin in the dark. His breathing quickened. This wasn’t good. When he was scared, he slipped into his headspace fairly easily. He shakily sat down against the light pole, curling up on himself and shaking.~Yoongi stretched and stood up. He yawned as he made his way to the kitchen to grab a water. While he took a sip, he realized the apartment was unusually quiet.“Jimin?” he called. There was no response. He went through the kitchen door into the living room, looking for the younger, hoping to find him asleep on the couch.The couch was empty. The TV was off as well. Jimin also wasn’t in their bedroom but Yoongi couldn’t recall Jimin telling him about any plans. Yoongi pulled out his phone from his pocket and swiped past his lockscreen of Jimin and him. He clicked on a number and put the phone to his ear.The phone rang a few times before the call was picked up. There wasn’t an answer, just quick and shallow breathing.“Jimin?” Yoongi asked quietly. The breathing made him nervous. He could easily recognize it as Jimin’s.“D-Daddy…” he heard. It was a shaky, quiet whisper.“Hey, baby. Where are you?” Yoongi asked, trying to keep calm. He knew freaking out would make whatever was bothering Jimin worse.“On… on the street, Daddy… I’m scared…” He heard Jimin sniffle.“What street, baby? What’s wrong? What happened? Why are you on the street?” Yoongi was running to grab his shoes and a jacket.
“I went out to… to get stuff for Daddy and it’s dark and cold and I’m s-so scared… Daddy, I don’t l-like it…”
“I know, baby, I know. Daddy’s coming to get you. Just stay on the phone with Daddy, okay? What street are you on?” Yoongi grabbed his keys and ran out of the door, running to the elevator.
”I dunno, Daddy. I’m scared.”
“It’s okay, sweetheart. Where were you going?” Yoongi turned the corner of the building.
”The store on that corner…”
“Okay. It’s okay, Jiminie baby. It’s okay. What happened? Are you okay?” Yoongi picked up his pace once he figured out the direction he had to go in.
”It’s really dark. It’s really dark, really, really dark, and I should have t-told you where I was going, Daddy.”
“That’s okay, honey. It’s okay. Just breathe, babe, okay? I’ll be there soon.” Yoongi started jogging.
”Okay, Daddy.”
~Yoongi rounded another corner on the street. He scanned the area, searching for Jimin. When his eyes landed on a burnt out streetlight, he began running.“Jimin!” Yoongi yelled, getting closer to the pole. He ended the phone call with the younger.The younger stood up at the voice, dropping his own phone and the bags. He ran to Yoongi.Yoongi opened his arms and let Jimin run into them. Jimin clung to him, shaking and freezing. “I’m so sorry, Daddy. I wanna go home, please, I’m scared.”Yoongi pet his hair. “We’ll go home, it’s okay. It’s okay. Jesus, baby. How long have you been out here? You’re freezing cold.” The elder rubbed his back, trying to warm him up.Jimin shrugged, looking down. “I dunno. Daddy’s sweatshirt kept me a little warm.”Yoongi smiled. “Alright, alright. Let’s get your stuff and we can go home.”Jimin nodded and bent down to pick up his bag and phone. He handed his phone to Yoongi, who pocketed it.The two linked their hands and started on the walk home.“What’d you buy, Jiminie?” Yoongi asked, looking over at the bag.“Stuff for Daddy. Like his favourite candy and chips.”Yoongi couldn’t stop the smile. “Thank you, Jiminie. Tell Daddy where you’re going next time, okay?”Jimin looked up and smiled, nodding. “I will!”~Jimin was asleep on the couch, curled up in his onesie and a sippy cup lounging next to him. His hair was frizzy from his bath and a pacifier was secure in his mouth.He had regressed further once they had gotten through the front door. He immediately asked to be carried around. Yoongi had obliged quickly.He sat down next to the younger, pulling Jimin’s head into his lap and playing with his hair absentmindedly. He turned on the TV, with the lowest volume possible, and let Jimin sleep peacefully on his lap.



shark gummies and nasty bitches



“I want this one!” Jimin squealed, reaching for the big box of gummies. They were shaped like little sharks in a variety of colours. Jimin held the box out to Yoongi, his eyes pleading.“Okay, honey. But you can’t eat them all in one day.” Yoongi took the box from Jimin’s small hands, throwing it into the cart.Jimin giggled. “I’ll try not to, Daddy.”Someone behind Yoongi scoffed. He whipped his head around immediately to see if he was blocking someone’s way. Instead, he was met with the disgusted face of an older woman, crossing her arms and tapping her foot.“Oh, sorry. Am I blocking you?” Yoongi grabbed onto Jimin’s hand and moved out of the woman’s way.The woman just scoffed again. “What did he call you?”“Excuse me?” Yoongi asked, thoroughly confused. Jimin hid behind him shyly.“Him. That one behind you. What did he refer to you as?” She grabbed hold of her cart with one hand, placing her other hand on her hip as she stared them down.“Is it really any of your business?” Yoongi snapped, pulling Jimin further against him.“You’re in public. It’s disgusting how you let him talk to you. What’s wrong with him anyway? Should he even be allowed in a public place? Imagine if my kids were here!”Jimin shoved his face into Yoongi’s side, covering his ears. Yoongi looked down at him momentarily as his anger bubbled up.Yoongi was livid. “What right do you have coming over here and acting like you know what you’re talking about? It’s none of your goddamn business. I feel fucking awful for any kids you may have. They’ll grow up with one ignorant bitch for a mother. It’s fucking 2019. Now, excuse me, ma’am. Me and my boyfriend are going to live our own fucking lives, which we welcome you to stay the fuck out of.”Yoongi took Jimin’s hand and their cart and rushed to the cashier, leaving the woman in the aisle with her mouth still agape. Jimin kept his eyes trained on the floor. Yoongi paid for his groceries and held Jimin’s through the darkening parking lot to the car. He settled Jimin in the passenger seat and buckled him in after throwing the groceries in the back. He sat in the driver’s seat and sighed, starting the engine. He sat back and took a deep breath as Jimin looked over at him.“I’m sorry, Jiminie. No one should treat you like that. They don’t understand.”Jimin nodded and looked at his lap, playing with his fingers. “Yeah…”“Baby, it’s not you. Okay? Please know that it isn’t you.” Yoongi reached over and rubbed Jimin’s leg slightly.Jimin nodded again. He kept his head down.Yoongi nodded as well and put the car into drive. He started them on the way home.~Jimin cried silently in the seat next to Yoongi. He let the tears fall quietly, trying his best to keep his hyung from knowing. He would cough if he had to sniffle, would wipe at his face inconspicuously by scratching his nose. At one point, he turned his head to the window and let his face morph into despair as he struggled to hold in sobs.More than halfway through the ride, he finally calmed himself down. He made sure his face was dry for when they got home and Yoongi could see him clearly.On the couch, he cuddled up with his favourite stuffed bunny. Yoongi patted his hair softly before going into the kitchen to make them dinner. Jimin let the soft brown fur catch his tears.~“Jiminie! Dinner’s ready!” Yoongi called from the kitchen. He placed the plates on the table, moving Jimin’s in front of his little chair. He filled Jimin’s sippy cup with apple juice. He heard footsteps, so he turned to see a mop of brown, wavy hair clutching a teddy against his chest moving into the kitchen. Yoongi went over and bent down to be eye level with him.“Hi, Jiminie. Are you hungry? Daddy made you your favourite. Kimchi jjigae~” Yoongi smiled and poked Jimin’s cheeks.Jimin nodded. He allowed a quick smile. It worried Yoongi, but he kept his smile on.“Alright. Let’s get you in your chair.” Yoongi took Jimin’s hand and led him to the chair, picking him up slightly to place him on it. He pushed it in all the way to the table. Jimin looked at the food in front of him and smelled it, a real smile making its way onto his face. Yoongi sat down in his own seat. He watched for a minute as Jimin drank from his sippy cup and dug into his food. Jimin finished his food rather quickly. Yoongi praised him and took his plate to the sink. He returned with a small, plastic blue packet, placing it in front of Jimin.Jimin looked down at it and frowned.“What’s wrong, Jimin? Don’t you watch your gummies?”Jimin shook his head. Yoongi tried not to look concerned.~After dinner, Jimin was on the floor drawing. Yoongi was reading a book on the couch, his feet up and glasses on. He was lost in the book when he heard a small sniffle.“Jiminie?” Yoongi called. The younger one didn’t respond. Yoongi put his book down and sat up more on the couch. “Baby, you okay?”The younger shrugged, facing away from Yoongi. Yoongi pouted and knelt down on the ground next to him.“Jiminie, you gotta talk to Daddy or I can’t help you.” Jimin just shook his head.Yoongi sighed and sat back on the floor. He reached his hand out slowly and gently pet Jimin’s dark hair. Jimin subtly turned away more, moving out of Yoongi’s reach.“Jimin, honey, come on. Let Daddy help. Please? I want to help.” Yoongi moved closer and pulled Jimin into his arms. Jimin wrapped his arms around Yoongi’s middle unsurely. “Is this about earlier? At the store?” Jimin hesitated before nodding his head against Yoongi’s chest. Yoongi sighed and dropped his head to kiss Jimin’s hair.“You shouldn’t have to worry about that. It’s not your fault.”Jimin shrugged again.“It isn’t. Nothing she said was right. That woman should learn when to shut her damn mouth. Nothing’s wrong with you, baby. Nothing. Daddy loves everything about you, okay? Everything. Big you, Little you, every single thing.”Jimin sniffled again, but cuddled up to the elder now. Yoongi smiled. He pet his hair and rubbed his back.“It’s alright, baby. Really. There’s nothing wrong with you. You’re utterly perfect, okay? Don’t let ignorant people bother you like that.”Jimin nodded slowly. “Okay, Daddy,” he whispered.“Hey, Jiminie?”Jimin looked up, meeting Yoongi’s dark eyes with his own brown ones.“Can Daddy have a kiss?”Jimin’s face immediately broke out into a smile. “Of course, Daddy!” Jimin perked up and planted a soft kiss on Yoongi’s lips.Yoongi chuckled and kissed him again. He kissed each of Jimin’s cheeks, his forehead, and then his nose, leaving Jimin a giggling mess.Jimin wrapped his arms around Yoongi’s neck, hugging him tightly. “I love you, Daddy~”“Yeah, yeah. I love you too. Want some of those gummies now?”Jimin nodded enthusiastically, running to the kitchen and bringing out a package for both him and Yoongi. He ran back into the living room and sat down in Yoongi’s lap, handing the elder one.Yoongi laughed. “Thank you, baby.”Jimin grinned and ripped into his own packet. He held one up and fed it to Yoongi, who scrunched his nose and chewed on it. Jimin giggled and popped three into his own mouth after kissing Yoongi’s nose. Yoongi turned on the TV and wrapped his arms around Jimin, letting him eat his snack.



nasty bitches 2



Jimin had to run to the store in the morning to grab some more groceries that Yoongi had forgot. He woke up as his regular big self, so he decided to go himself - telling Yoongi first, of course.Jimin shoved his keys into his pocket as he walked through the sliding doors. He grabbed a basket and walked the aisles, throwing things in as he saw fit.“Oh, it’s you again. Good thing your boyfriend isn’t here. My kids are with me this time.”Jimin clenched his teeth. He turned around to face the same woman from last night, this time with two kids behind her. Before he did something he regretted, he turned back around and proceeded to speedwalk down the aisle.“Where are you going? To find that other one?” Jimin balled his hands into fists as he tried to keep walking. “Good, you better leave, you disgusting freak!”Jimin stopped. He turned around, tears threatening to fall. “In front of your kids, huh? Really? Great job raising them. I’m sure they just love you. You sick-”“Minnie?”Jimin whipped back around. Hoseok was standing there, holding a basket as well. He was walking fast towards Jimin with an outstretched arm. Jimin was in shock, but he managed to move closer to Hoseok and let himself be engulfed in a hug.“What’s wrong, Jimin-ah? What’s..?” Hoseok looked at the angry woman standing in the aisle. “Did you do this to him?”“It’s what he deserves, that disgusting thing.”Hoseok glared her down. “How dare you… You made Jimin-ah cry? You… Jimin, we’re leaving. Come on, I’ll bring you home to Yoongi hyung.” Jimin nodded, pleading with him to get him out of the store.Hoseok dragged him to the registers and paid for everything he had, regardless of how much Jimin told him not to. He brought Jimin to his car, throwing his groceries in the back. He pulled the car out of the parking lot quickly.~“Yoongi hyung!” Hoseok yelled, banging on the door. Immediately, the door was thrown open.“Hoseok-ah? What?” Yoongi turned his head to look behind Hoseok. Jimin was there, holding Hoseok’s hand. “Jiminie? What’s going on?”“Jimin-ah. He was, um…”“Daddy,” Jimin whispered, letting go of Hoseok’s hand in favour of running to Yoongi. He buried his face into Yoongi’s chest, hugging him so tightly it hurt. Yoongi wrapped his arms around Jimin, pulling him even closer.“Come in, Seokseok.”Yoongi left the door open as he walked Jimin down to the couch. He placed the younger there, giving Jimin his favourite teddy bear to hold while he talked to Hoseok. He ran to the corner of the room and grabbed a blanket, an emergency pacifier, and another teddy bear. He placed these things on the couch next to Jimin, giving him a quick kiss on the forehead. Jimin took the pacifier and placed it carefully in his mouth, closing his eyes and holding the teddy bear close. He pulled the blanket over his face, hiding.Yoongi went into the kitchen, where Hoseok was sitting on the counter. Yoongi sat in a chair at the table, rubbing his face.“What happened?” he asked, looking in Hoseok’s direction.“Not sure. There was some lady at the stor-”Yoongi groaned, placing his head in his hands. “That fucking bitch,” he growled, voice muffled from his hands.“What?” Hoseok asked.“There’s was some lady at the store last night. She was fucking awful to Jimin-ah. We had to leave before we could get everything. He went back this morning, obviously. I didn’t think she’d be there...”“She hurt my sunshine twice?! I should go back there and -”“Hoseok-ah, what do I do?”Hoseok hopped off the counter and placed a hand on his hyung’s back. “Stay here with him. Comfort him. I’ll go out and grab his favourite ice cream and food.”Yoongi looked up at him sadly. “Would you?”“Anything for Minnie. Now, go be cute with him or something. I’ll come back and help.”“Thank you, Seokseok.” Yoongi stood up and stretched, preparing to comfort Jimin.“Anytime, hyung.” Hoseok rubbed Yoongi’s shoulder before patting it and moving to the front door.Yoongi smiled momentarily before going back into the living room. Jimin was curled up on himself, eyes closed and cheeks stained with tears. His pacifier moved a bit occasionally, his arms clutching his teddy bear and his head resting on the other.Yoongi thought for a minute before he decided to let Jimin sleep. He sat down on the couch next to the younger and picked up his book, planning on being there whenever his baby woke up.~“Yoongi hyung, Minnie~ I’m back~” Hoseok knocked on the door, finding it was open. He let himself in and placed everything on the table, except for one specific black bag. He went into the living room to find the two on the couch.Yoongi was curled up, holding Jimin against him. The elder’s eyelids fluttered once Hoseok walked in.“Hey, hyung,” he whispered. “I got everything.”Yoongi smiled softly. He nodded his head and shook Jimin’s shoulder gently to wake him up. Jimin’s eyes opened slowly and he blinked a few times. He smiled up at Yoongi and snuggled into his neck.“Jiminie, Hobi’s here with something special for you. Why don’t you get up?” Yoongi muttered against Jimin’s hair. Jimin nodded and rolled over, facing Hoseok.“Hi, Uncle Hobiii~”“Hey, sunshine. I got you something.” Hoseok sat down on the coffee table. Jimin sat up on the couch. Hoseok smiled and placed the black bag in Jimin’s lap.Jimin reached into it with his small hands. When his hands hit something soft, his eyes grew curious and he pulled whatever it was out of the bag.It was a baby blue stuffed elephant with large floppy ears. Jimin’s eyes lit up and he clutched it tightly to his chest, burying his face in it with a huge smile. “Thank you, Uncle Hobi,” he muttered against the fabric.Hoseok pat his head. “You’re welcome. I got you some of your favourite food. Are you hungry?”Jimin nodded. Hoseok reached out his hand and Jimin took it excitedly. Hoseok led him to the kitchen. Yoongi leaned back on the couch and threw his arms behind his head.“You coming, hyung?” Hoseok asked before reaching the kitchen.Yoongi looked over at him. “I’m tired. I’mma take a nap,” Yoongi responded, his accent slipping into his words.Hoseok nodded. “I’ve got Minnie~”Yoongi closed his eyes and smiled.Hoseok went into the kitchen where Jimin was waiting for him. He brought out Jimin’s food and sat back, letting Jimin dig in for himself.When he was done, he threw himself at Hoseok, hugging him tightly. “I love you, Hobi hyung.”Hoseok pulled back. “Jimin-ah?”“Yeah. Hey, hyung.” Jimin blushed.“Hey. I love you, too, Minnie~” Hoseok squished Jimin’s cheeks.Jimin giggled. “I’m gonna check on Yoongi hyung.”“Okay, but I’m still taking you out for ice cream. I want some too.” Hoseok stood up, straightening his shirt.“Of course, hyung.”Jimin left the kitchen and walked into the living room. Yoongi was sleeping on the couch, curled up on himself as usual. This time, however, he was holding onto Jimin’s teddy bear, probably because it smelled like him. Jimin smiled and went back into the kitchen.“Okay, he’s out. Let’s go.” Jimin linked his arm with Hoseok’s and led them from the apartment.



uncles namjin



Yoongi walked into the living room, looking for Jimin. When he spotted him, he was sitting on the couch, one of his legs thrown up on the coffee table. He was watching something on TV, his head supported by a pillow. Yoongi walked over to him, flicking him on the forehead.“Aish,” Jimin hissed, rubbing his forehead. “I wasn’t even sleeping. A ‘Jimin’ would have been fine.”Yoongi shrugged. “I’m goin’ out to the studio. Probably for a day or so? I’m not sure, I’m having a productive streak. Call me if you… y’know.”“I know,” Jimin agreed, looking up at Yoongi with a smile.Yoongi leaned down and kissed him. “I’ll appreciate any surprise visits.”Jimin nodded, his eyes crinkling. “See you, hyung~”Yoongi nodded and ruffled Jimin’s hair. He picked up his bag by the door and left.~Jimin spent the remainder of the afternoon finishing up his assignments for school. He stayed on the couch, typing away on his computer. He stood up and moved to the kitchen, grabbing a soda out of the fridge. He took a few sips and plopped back down on the couch.His work was starting to stress him out. He was frustrated and ready to break the laptop in half. He couldn’t get past this form of “writers’ block”, if that’s what you want to call it. He groaned and took another sip of soda.His gaze shifted from his laptop to the table. There was an open colouring book with a few crayons laid out on the pages. Jimin figured it wouldn’t hurt just to colour for a short while. It would be a good destresser anyway.He gently tossed his computer onto the cushions of the couch and sat down on the ground. He reached for a crayon slowly and picked up where he had last left off.~The phone rang next to Jimin on the table. He picked it up excitedly once he saw who was calling.
“Hey, Ji-”
“Daddy!” Jimin squealed happily. He continued drawing, trying his best to keep in the lines.Yoongi paused. “Hey, baby. Um... Are you alright?”“Yeah, I’m fine, Daddy. Just colouring.” Jimin placed the end of a crayon into his mouth, chewing on it lightly as he concentrated on his daddy’s voice.
“That’s good, baby. I’m gonna call Uncle Jin to come watch you. Is that okay? He’ll probably bring Uncle Joonie with him.”
Jimin smiled. “But I don’t need to be watched. I’m a big boy.”“Yeah, whatever you say, babe,” Yoongi chuckled. “I’m still calling them.”“Okay, Daddy!” Jimin’s eyes crinkled.
“Call Daddy if anything’s wrong, okay? I’ll pick up right away.”
“Yes, Daddy. I love youuu~” Jimin hummed.“I love you too, baby.” Jimin could hear the smile in Yoongi’s voice.Jimin made a kissing noise into the phone before hanging up.~“Jiminie!” Seokjin called, knocking on his apartment door. He was holding a bag of a few things, Namjoon standing behind him and resting his chin on the elder’s shoulder.Jimin perked up and ran to the door, a pacifier in his mouth. He liked to suck on them while he coloured. He opened the door, waving to Seokjin and Namjoon.“Hi, Uncle Joonie, Uncle Jin~” Jimin hummed around his pacifier.“Hi, little one,” Seokjin said, petting Jimin’s hair. Namjoon leaned down and spread his arms.Jimin smiled and ran into Namjoon’s arms, snuggling his face into Namjoon’s neck. Seokjin watched his boyfriend affectionately as Namjoon kissed the little’s forehead and stood back up.Jimin ran back into the living room, excited to keep drawing. Namjoon closed the door and brought the bags into the kitchen. Seokjin followed the youngest, finding him sat and colouring intensely, sucking on the pacifier randomly. Seokjin sat down on the couch behind him.“What are you colouring, honey?” Seokjin asked, petting his hair.Jimin turned around and showed Seokjin the book. Seokjin praised him and booped his nose. Jimin giggled and put the book back on the table, continuing.Namjoon came into the living room and savoured the moment Seokjin and Jimin were having. Seokjin would be the best father someday. He walked over to the couch and sat down next to the eldest, leaning back and bringing Seokjin to sit back as well.“Do you wanna do anything specific, Minnie?” Namjoon asked, throwing his arm around Seokjin’s shoulders. Seokjin smiled and leaned his head on Namjoon’s shoulder.Jimin just shrugged. Seokjin nodded.“That’s alright. You do whatever you want, okay? We’re just here to make sure the baby doesn’t get hurt,” Seokjin said, lifting his voice a bit.Jimin turned around and pouted. “I’m not a baby, Uncle Jin!”Seokjin smiled and poked Jimin’s nose again. “Yes you are, sweetheart.”Jimin giggled. “Uncle Joonie? Uncle Jin? Can we go see Daddy?” Jimin cocked his head to the side, looking as innocent as possible. He pushed out his bottom lip and widened his eyes. He poked both of his cheeks with his index fingers.“Daddy’s working, little one,” Seokjin answered. He looked at Jimin regretfully.“But Daddy told me he liked it when I visit! Pleaseee? I promise I’ll be real good!” Jimin pouted even more.Seokjin shared a quick glance at Namjoon. Namjoon just shrugged.Seokjin turned back to Jimin. “Alright. We’ll go see Daddy.”Jimin jumped up, squealing, and ran to find his shoes. “Yay!” Jimin picked up his new elephant stuffed animal, which he appropriately named Hope after his Uncle Hobi, and tucked it under his arm. He went out into the living room and plopped on the table, picking his feet up for Namjoon to tie them.“You’re lucky you’re cute, kid,” Namjoon laughed. Jimin giggled. Namjoon went to work on tying his shoes, Seokjin watching him with a wide smile the whole time.Once Namjoon was done, he patted Jimin’s shoes and tickled his ankles. Jimin squealed and stood up, ready to run. Namjoon stood up as well, catching Jimin and picking him up easily. He held the younger, nuzzling his nose into Jimin’s neck to make him laugh. Seokjin laughed as well. Watching Namjoon act this way towards Jimin was giving him a fuzzy feeling in the eldest’s stomach.Namjoon carried Jimin all the way to the car, much to Jimin’s pleasure. Seokjin unlocked the car and let Namjoon put Jimin in the back. Seokjin himself bucked the youngest in, pinching his cheeks lightly when he finished. Seokjin took the passenger seat and Namjoon took the keys, then drove them to the studio while Jimin sang to the radio in the backseat.~“Daddy!” Yoongi heard from somewhere down the hallway. He immediately perked up, throwing his headphones around his neck to the desk in front of him. His heart ached at the sound of Jimin running down the hallway. Yoongi made it to the door before him, throwing it open.Jimin was running down the hallway, arms outstretched. Yoongi’s mouth upturned into a smile so quickly it hurt. Yoongi opened his arms and Jimin ran right into his chest, hugging him tightly.Yoongi dropped his head and let it rest against Jimin’s. “Hey, baby,” he muttered, still smiling.Jimin giggled into his shirt. “Hi, Daddy.”Namjoon and Seokjin rounded the corner speedwalking to follow Jimin. “Jiminie! We told you not to run away-” Seokjin stopped once he saw Yoongi and Jimin hugging.Namjoon laughed. “You two act like you haven’t seen each other in years. It’s been, like, four hours.”Yoongi closed his eyes and nuzzled his head against Jimin’s while flipping Namjoon off. Namjoon just laughed and grabbed Seokjin’s hand.Jimin pulled back to look at Yoongi. “What are you doing, Daddy?” he asked sweetly.Yoongi’s heart clenched. “Do you wanna hear?”Jimin nodded his head enthusiastically. Yoongi smiled and laced their fingers together. He led Jimin into the room, waving for Seokjin and Namjoon to follow. Yoongi sat in his computer chair, placing Jimin on his lap. Seokjin and Namjoon took the couch.Yoongi picked up the headphones and moved them on top of Jimin’s head. He hit play and hugged around Jimin’s middle.Jimin’s eyes widened as he listened to the music. The stuff his daddy made was purely amazing. Everything about it was perfect. He stood up and looked at Yoongi. He sat on his lap, facing him this time, and smiled softly as he listened to it.When it was over, Jimin took off the headphones and placed them around his neck.“What’d you think, baby?” Yoongi asked, playing with Jimin’s messy hair.“It’s amazing, Daddy! It’s so good, I wanna listen to it forever.”Yoongi smiled. “I’m glad, because Daddy wrote that song just for you.” he said, poking Jimin’s nose on the last syllables.Jimin giggled and hugged the elder. Yoongi chuckled and wrapped his hands around Jimin as well.“Jimin-ah, we should get going. Yoongi-ah probably needs to get back to work,” Seokjin said. He didn’t want to ruin the mood, but he was worried they were overstaying their welcome.“But, Uncle Jin,” Jimin whined. He pouted and hugged Yoongi tighter. Yoongi sighed and rubbed Jimin’s back.“I know, little one. But we gotta get you some food.” Seokjin stood up and Namjoon followed.Jimin nodded and got off of Yoongi. He was still pouting, but he complied.“Jiminie?” Yoongi called. Jimin looked up at him.Yoongi smiled and took off his sweatshirt. He handed it to the younger, who took it with bright eyes. Jimin slipped it on immediately, the sleeves falling way over his fingers. He looked precious as always, if not more.“Can Daddy have a kiss before you leave?”Jimin squealed and ran over to Yoongi, giving him a quick kiss on the lips, and one on the cheek for good luck. Yoongi held onto his hand as this exchange occurred. As Jimin moved away, he kept his hold on Jimin’s hand, only letting go when Jimin would be out of reach.Jimin smiled and waved from the door, closing it behind him. Seokjin and Namjoon were already in the hallway, so they waved through the glass. Yoongi waved back and turned around, stretching. As he started clicking away, the three others made their way back down the hallway.~Jimin was sleeping on the couch, in fresh pajamas after a bath and dinner. They had been watching a movie and Jimin cuddled up in between the older two and fell asleep almost instantly. Namjoon had picked up his pacifier and slid it into his mouth.Seokjin smiled and motioned to Namjoon that he would call Yoongi. Namjoon nodded and wrapped his arm around the sleeping little, pulling him closer.Seokjin stood up and went into the kitchen, pulling out his phone from his pocket. He typed in Yoongi’s number from memory. It rang twice before Yoongi’s tired voice picked up.
“Hello?”
“Hey, Yoon. Um, it’s late and Jimin’s still in his headspace and, um… Well, I hate saying this but Namjoon and I both have work tomorrow and…”
“Shit,” he heard Yoongi say. “Is he awake?”
Seokjin answered, “No. He isn’t. What do you want us to do?”Yoongi didn’t respond, giving himself a moment to think. “It’s alright,” he finally said. “You two can go home. I’ll call Hoseokie.”“Are you sure?” Seokjin asked.“Yeah. You two go home, just make sure there’s water and a snack on the table for him? If he wakes up and he’s hungry or thirsty, he’ll destroy the whole kitchen." Yoongi chuckled.“I’ll make sure of it. Don’t work too hard, Yoongi-ah.” Yoongi grunted in response and Seokjin hung up the call. He padded quietly to the living room to let Namjoon know what was going on.Namjoon picked up Jimin’s elephant and placed it in his arms, moving away from the couch. Jimin instinctively reached out and grabbed the elephant tightly, not once waking up. Namjoon and Seokjin talked in hushed whispers. Namjoon agreed on the plan and started to gather their things up.Seokjin went back into the kitchen to grab a bottle of water, a box of animal crackers, and filled a sippy cup with apple juice just in case. He placed the items on the coffee table where Jimin could easily find them. Before he left, he decided to write a note to Jimin, explaining simply not to worry if he woke up and no one was there, that Hoseok was coming.Seokjin smiled at the young one on the couch. He moved over and lightly kissed his forehead. Namjoon watched and smiled brightly. “Hyung, let’s go,” he whispered, reaching out his hand to Seokjin.Seokjin walked over with a smile and laced their fingers together. They shut off the rest of the lights in the apartment, keeping the night lights on that were spread along the house, and locked the door behind them.



uncle hobi and babysitters taekook



Hoseok was laying on his couch watching TV and shoving some chips in his mouth, when his phone started ringing. He threw the bag down on the table and picked up his cell phone, answering.“Yo.”“Hoseokie, could you do me a really big favour?” came Yoongi’s voice, sounding worn out.“What is it, hyung?” he asked, already getting up.
“Jin hyung and Namjoon-ah were watching Jimin and they need to leave. He needs someone there for him and I’m not gonna be home. Do you mind staying the night?”
Hoseok laughed. “Oh, no, hyung. I would hate to spend the night with the precious ball of sunshine,” Hoseok said sarcastically. “I’ll be there in five minutes.”
“Thank you, Seokseok.”
“See you, hyung,” Hoseok said. He hung up the phone and grabbed his things. He exited his apartment quickly, humming to himself.~Hoseok took out his key to Yoongi’s apartment from his pocket. The elder had given it to him for emergencies like this.Hoseok opened the door and took off his shoes. He wasn’t sure if Jimin was awake or not, probably the latter, so he tried to shut the door quietly. Of course, it backfired and his hand slipped, slamming the door.“Daddy?” came a soft voice. Hoseok whipped his head around.Jimin walked into the room, rubbing his eye with one hand and carrying the elephant in his other.“It’s just me, Jiminie,” Hoseok said, crouching down. Jimin walked over to him, looking tired and a little sad. “Daddy’s still working. But I’m gonna sleep here with you tonight. Is that okay?”“Okay, Uncle Hobi.”Hoseok stood up and kissed Jimin’s forehead. He ruffled Jimin’s hair and threw an arm over the younger’s shoulders. Jimin smiled a bit, letting Hoseok direct him towards the bedroom. Jimin yawned and continued rubbing at his face.“Will Uncle Hobi cuddle?”“Of course, sunshine.”They got to the bedroom and Hoseok lifted Jimin up to put him on the bed. He tucked the blankets around the Little and moved to turn off the lights. He walked over to the bed and was about to climb in when Jimin stopped him.“Uncle Hobi, wait!”“What is it, Minnie?” he asked, curious.“Will you hand me Hope?” Jimin pointed.“Hope?” Hoseok questioned, looking in the direction Jimin was pointing at. His gaze fell upon the blue elephant. “You… named him Hope?” He looked back at Jimin.“Of course! After Uncle Hobi!” Jimin grinned, reaching his arms out for Hoseok to give it to him.Hoseok beamed. He picked up the stuffed toy and handed it to Jimin, climbing into bed next to the younger. Jimin snuggled up to Hoseok, clutching the stuffed animal tightly. Hoseok smiled and rubbed Jimin’s back until he fell asleep.~“Wake up, Jiminie!” Hoseok yelled, shaking the younger awake gently.Jimin woke up and rubbed at his eyes. “Good morning, Uncle Hobi.”“Good morning, sunshine. What do you want for breakfast?”“Can I have soegogi muguk? Please? My tum really wants meat.” Jimin pouted and held Hope closer to his face, sighing sleepily into the soft fur.Hoseok put a hand through Jimin’s hair, smiling brightly as the younger leaned into the touch. “Of course, little one. Come out to the kitchen when you’re ready.”Jimin nodded and waved as Hoseok left the room. He stood up and held Hope by his ear, walking to the closet and pulling out one of Yoongi’s sweaters. It smelled like him and it made Jimin slip even further. He pulled the sleeves over his palms and padded out down the hallway, hiding the lower part of his face behind the elephant. He walked into the kitchen and jumped slightly as his bare feet met the cold tiles of the kitchen floor.“Smells good,” Jimin mumbled.Hoseok turned around and flashed him another smile. “You can sit down, babe. It’ll be ready in a bit. Do you need help getting up?”Jimin blushed a bit before nodding shyly. Hoseok put down the spoon he was stirring the food with and went over to Jimin. He picked the younger up and tickled his sides lightly as he sat him in his little space chair. Jimin squealed and giggled into the fur. Hoseok kissed the top of his head and pushed the chair to the table.Jimin sat Hope in front of him on the table and brushed his fuzzy ears. Hope seemed to smile at him and Jimin giggled once more, poking the top of his head. Hoseok placed a bowl of rice and another of vegetables on the table and Jimin perked up excitedly. He pulled Hope into his lap and grabbed chopsticks and a spoon from Hoseok’s hands.When the elder placed the soup in front of Jimin, the little smiled so wide at him that his eyes disappeared into small, adorable lines. “Thank you for the meal!”Hoseok cooed and tousled his hair. “Of course, sunshine.”Jimin dug in almost immediately. Hoseok kept an eye on him to make sure he wouldn’t choke. A few minutes later, Jimin somehow ended up with a single piece of rice on his nose. Hoseok laughed and reached over to take it off. Jimin’s eyes crossed as he watched Hoseok’s fingers go to his nose. When he saw the piece of rice, he giggled and ate it off Hoseok’s finger. Hoseok scrunched his nose in response. Jimin smiled widely and continued eating.Hoseok pulled out his phone and called the most recent number in his call log. As it rang, he looked up at Jimin and winked. Jimin sat up a bit straighter, anticipating who Hoseok would be calling.“I’m so tired.” Yoongi’s gruff voice was a little distant.Hoseok chuckled into the speaker. “Hold on.” He took the phone from his ear and put it on speaker. “This might wake you up, Yoongi hyung.” Hoseok put the phone on the table in front of the both of them.“Daddy!” Jimin leaned as close to the phone as he could reach, sleepy eyes opening widely. Hoseok warned him to watch his food.There was shuffling on Yoongi’s side like he was sitting up. “Jiminie. How are you feeling?”“Better than Daddy probably. Are you coming home?” Jimin bounced excitedly in his chair, feet swinging under the table.“Soon, baby, but not yet.” It was like Yoongi could sense the minute Jimin’s face dropped. “Super soon, I promise, precious.” It made Jimin smile again. “Hoseok-ah, how long can you stay?”“That’s why I called. I can’t stay for much longer. I have work.” Hoseok met Jimin’s pouty face and returned the expression. “But I can call to see if Taetae and Jungkookie want to come watch this angel?”Jimin nodded quickly as he took another spoonful of his breakfast. Hoseok gave him a happy look.
“That’s fine. Thank you, Hoseok-ah. Minnie, honey, Daddy has to get back to work. Will you keep being the wonderful boy you have been?”


“Of course,” Jimin said, his mouth full of rice. He laughed quietly at the way his voice sounded. Hoseok shook his head fondly.



After they said their goodbyes to Yoongi, Hoseok called the two youngest of their friends. Jimin finished his breakfast and offered to wash his dishes, so Hoseok let him while keeping a close eye on him. They settled on the couch to watch whatever Jimin chose until the others showed.



~



Jimin skipped around the house, singing to himself. Soon after, there was a knock on the door. Jimin gasped and ran towards it, throwing it open. 



“Tae!” Jimin yelled.



“Jiminie!” Taehyung screamed, running in and picking Jimin right off the floor. Jimin squealed as he was spun around. Taehyung put him down on the ground and poked his cheeks repeatedly. Taehyung poked his own cheek, encouraging Jimin to kiss it. Jimin stood up on his tiptoes and kissed Taehyung’s cheek.



Jungkook walked in behind Taehyung with a huge smile and bent down to pull Jimin into a hug. “Hi, Minnie.”



“Hi, Kookie!” Jimin pecked Jungkook’s cheek as well.



“Bye, guys,” Hoseok said, gathering his bag onto his shoulder. He leaned down and gave Jimin a soft forehead kiss before waving to the youngest two and walking out the apartment door.



Jungkook picked up Jimin, holding him on his hip, and walked them into the living room. He let go of Jimin and sat down on the floor. He pulled Jimin onto his lap and hugged him close.



Taehyung came into the room with three huge bowls of ice cream and three spoons. He set them down on the table. “Movie?”



Jimin beamed. “Yeah!”



Taehyung turned on the TV and started a kids’ movie. Jimin smiled and cuddled up in Jungkook’s lap.



~



“Jungkookie, stop hogging Jimin!” Taehyung yelled, reaching for Jimin. Jimin just giggled.



Jungkook only held Jimin tighter. “Mine. Small. Must protect.” He nuzzled his face into Jimin’s neck, who laughed and squirmed.



“But I want him too~” Taehyung whined.



“Come down here,” Jungkook offered.



Taehyung sat down on the ground, facing Jimin and Jungkook. Jimin held out his hands and Taehyung took them in his own. He sang to Jimin, moving their hands around. Jimin just watched Taehyung with a big smile as his hands were moved.



“Small Jiminieee~” Taehyung sung, moving Jimin’s arms. Jungkook kept his head against Jimin’s, smiling.



“Tall Taehyungie~” Jimin responded. He laughed and his eyes turned into small crescents.



There was the sudden sound of a key being turned in the door. The three directed their attention to the doorway and watched as the knob was turned. It was Yoongi who opened the door, peering around it, curious.



“Daddy!” Jimin screamed, getting off Jungkook’s lap and running to him.



Yoongi closed the door and held his arms out for Jimin to run into. Jungkook and Taehyung shared a quick smile, standing up to greet their hyung.



“Hey, baby,” Yoongi mumbled. He kissed Jimin and pinched his cheeks lightly. “What’s up?”



“Kookie and Tae and I were just playing. Are you home for good, Daddy?” Jimin asked, looking at Yoongi expectantly.



“I might go back to the studio later, baby. I still have some work to do,” Yoongi responded. He picked up his forgotten bag by the door and carried it into the living room. Jimin followed him.



“I’ve got it from here, guys.” Yoongi waved to Jungkook and Taehyung, who stood up with smiles. “You can go home if you want.”



“Okay, hyung. Call us if you need anything, alright?” Taehyung walked over to Yoongi and put a hand on his shoulder.



“Yeah, yeah,” Yoongi said, waving them off with a suppressed smile.



Jungkook and Taehyung said their goodbyes. Yoongi had to basically pull them off the adorable little. Once they finally left, Yoongi pulled Jimin into another hug.



“I missed you,” Yoongi whispered.



Jimin hugged Yoongi tightly. “I missed you too. Even if it was for, like, a day.” Jimin laughed. His voice had dropped to its normal, even pitch.



“Hey, honey,” Yoongi mumbled. He pulled back and looked at Jimin, playing with his hair.



“Hey,” he sing-songed. Yoongi just chuckled.



“Okay, Yoongi hyung. We’re gonna get you something to eat. And then you’re going to sleep,” Jimin stated. Yoongi opened his mouth. “Don’t backtalk me. I know you didn’t eat or sleep.” He pulled Yoongi to the kitchen before he could protest.



He sat Yoongi down at the table. Yoongi just grumbled. “What do you want to eat, hyung?” Jimin asked. Yoongi rested his chin on his palms and closed his eyes, determined not to let Jimin baby him. It was his job to baby Jimin.



When Yoongi didn’t respond, Jimin called his name again. Yoongi didn’t move. Jimin moved around the table to look at him clearly.



The elder had fallen asleep, his head nodding a bit on his palms.



Jimin’s expression softened. He walked over to the elder, shaking him gently. Yoongi grunted softly.



“Okay, hyung. Sleep now, eat later,” Jimin whispered.



He helped Yoongi get out of his chair and walked him to the bedroom. He took Yoongi’s jeans off himself and helped him settle into bed. Jimin ran back to the kitchen to grab a bottle of water. He placed said water on the nightstand and he slipped into bed with the elder, letting Yoongi pull him closer. Yoongi rested his head against Jimin’s side and fell asleep while Jimin’s hands winded through his hair.





big for months
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




A few months had passed and Yoongi was beginning to get extremely worried. Since that day with everyone watching Jimin, he hadn’t slipped back into his headspace. Yoongi loved spending time with the big Jimin, but once in awhile the headspace is good for him. It was good for Yoongi too, he was able to focus on nothing but his Jimin. The younger had never gone more than a few weeks without going into it, and now it’s been months.Jimin had recently gotten a job as a dance instructor where Yoongi was a producer. He worked almost the same hours as Yoongi, so they could spend time together when they were both off of work. Jimin taught other kids to dance and Yoongi knew it had to be at least a little stressful. Handling all those kids and trying to get their bodies to move in a certain way, in sync? Yoongi couldn’t even imagine.Yoongi had started considering asking Jimin if he wanted to be little. His only problem was Jimin usually liked to slip into it on his own terms. Yoongi had forced him into it only that one time and he had been on the verge of it anyway. Yoongi wondered if he could force it again. Jimin had seemed to be a little antsy lately. It would help them both a lot.“Hey, Jiminie?” Yoongi asked. Jimin was watching TV on the opposite end of the couch from Yoongi. His socked feet were under Yoongi’s thighs, trying to warm them up in their chilly apartment.“Hm?” he answered, keeping his eyes on the screen.Yoongi sat up and moved closer to Jimin. Jimin glanced at him curiously. Yoongi lifted his hand and ran it through Jimin’s hair, moving his bangs from his face. He pinched Jimin’s cheek lightly. Jimin raised his eyebrows.“Hyung, what?”“Shh, baby,” Yoongi whispered with a smile.He poked Jimin’s lips with a finger and kissed his cheek. Yoongi stood up and moved to another area in the room. Jimin kept a close eye on him. The elder picked up the blue elephant and handed it to Jimin. He took it hesitantly.Yoongi went into the kitchen, leaving a confused Jimin on the couch. He filled a sippy cup with some apple juice and brought it back to the living room. He handed it to Jimin.Yoongi patted Jimin’s hair once it was in his hands.“What’s this for, hyung?” Jimin asked. He was starting to feel uncomfortable. He pulled his knees to his chest and pouted.“You’re just such a good boy, baby,” Yoongi tried.Jimin just looked down at the items in his hands.“Do you wanna draw? We could go get ice cream or something? Candy?” Yoongi held out his hands and gave Jimin a hopeful smile.Jimin didn’t respond. He just slowly placed the elephant and cup on the coffee table. He returned his hands to his lap, looking down.“Baby?” Yoongi asked. His face had quickly fallen from a smile.Jimin shook his head. He avoided eye contact.“Baby boy, are you okay?”Jimin gave Yoongi a sad look. “Don’t — I’m not — Hyung…”Yoongi turned away for a second, gaining a bit of confidence before returning his gaze to Jimin. “What’s wrong?”Jimin shrugged and looked down again. He leaned back against the couch.“No, no, no, Jiminie. You don’t get to brush me off.” Yoongi moved closer to him and pulled Jimin’s head against his chest. He rubbed his back lightly and played with his hair.“I dunno, hyung,” Jimin muttered.“You know you can tell me. You know I won’t judge you or anything. So why won’t you tell me?” Yoongi asked. He kissed Jimin’s head softly. “You haven’t gone into your headspace in months. Why?”Jimin swallowed nervously and cleared his throat. “I just… I dunno. I feel like maybe… I shouldn’t be such a burden or… I don’t know,” Jimin mumbled. “You just, all you guys watch over me so often and I feel like… Like I’m forcing you to…”Yoongi kept petting Jimin’s hair as he talked, comforting him. He wanted Jimin to get everything out before he stopped him. Yoongi kissed his temple gently, closing his eyes.“And maybe everyone thinks I’m weird or something and… and that’s why you guys take care of me. Like , ‘oh, he’s a burden. Let’s pamper him because we feel bad’ type thing. I dunno.” Jimin sighed and closed his eyes, snuggling into Yoongi’s chest.“Jimin-ah?” Yoongi said. Jimin nodded his head softly to let Yoongi know he was listening. “You know you’re being silly, right? I love you, as does everyone else. You have no reason to feel like this. I’m so sorry you do.”Jimin shrugged once more.Yoongi smiled. “Jin hyung and Namjoon-ah? They treat you like their own child. From the way they look at each other when with you, I’m surprised they haven’t gotten a kid yet. They love you so much.”Jimin kept quiet and fiddled with his fingers.“Hoseokie is so in love with you, little or big. I don’t know how you haven’t tired of him yet. That guy is a walking ray of giggles and sunshine. I’d kick him out if seeing you didn’t make him so happy.”Jimin laughed quietly. “You love him too,” he whispered. Yoongi grumbled.“And those two brats, Jungkook-ah and Taehyungie. Jungkook-ah won’t even let you run around. He keeps you in his freakin’ lap because he’s so protective of you. Why would he do that if he didn’t love you?”Jimin was smiling softly now. He hid his face against Yoongi’s chest.“Taehyung-ah. You know how much that brat loves kids. He’s got a best friend that’s also a kid sometimes? It must be heaven for him. Someone that laughs at his weird antics and slips into a beautiful little headspace? Damn. Lucky fucker.”Jimin burst into laughter. Once he stopped laughing, Yoongi continued with a smile.“How long have we been together? Years? Wouldn’t I have left if I didn’t love every single part of you? I know I say I love you a lot. No matter how much I say it, it doesn’t invalidate the meaning. I love you. Okay?”Jimin sat up. He hugged Yoongi gently and kissed him. “I love you, too.”“Good. I need someone to put up with my grumpy self.”Jimin giggled and placed his head back on Yoongi’s chest. “Thank you, hyung.” Yoongi just kissed him and continued playing with his hair.



Chapter End Notes
writing this again is making me little more oftenlfkdgfd


short n sweet



“Daddy, pleaseee?” Jimin whined. He had slipped back into his headspace a few hours before. Yoongi was spoiling him more than usual with cuddling and movies and sweets. His bedtime was slowly approaching and Jimin was trying to stay up later with Yoongi.“No, no. I won’t spoil you that much, baby. You gotta go take a bath and get ready for bed.” Yoongi smiled pitifully at him.“But, Daddyyy. Please? I’ll promise to be really good and everything!” Jimin pleaded. He grabbed hold of Yoongi’s sleeve, tugging lightly.“Nuh-uh. You’re not gonna convince me. Come on, time for a bath.” Yoongi stood up and brought Jimin up with him.“Then… then will Daddy sleep with me?” Jimin asked, voice small.Yoongi smiled and kissed Jimin’s forehead. “Of course. Daddy would love to.”Jimin smiled and held his hand as they went into the bathroom.~Yoongi stayed with Jimin until the younger had fallen asleep. After, he quietly slipped out of bed and went back to the couch to finish up some of his work.A while later, Jimin padded softly into the living room, a pacifier between his lips and his hands holding his elephant.Yoongi looked up at him, confused. “Baby?”Jimin padded over to the couch and sat down next to Yoongi. He curled up, making himself small and staring at Yoongi’s work quietly. Yoongi sighed and tousled his hair gently.“Couldn’t sleep?”Jimin met his eyes and moved closer. Yoongi put his arm around Jimin’s shoulders and kissed the top of his head. Jimin peeked up at him and his mouth quirked into a little grin.“What is it, precious?” Yoongi pursed his lips and kept eye contact with Jimin.Jimin shrugged. He put his arms around Yoongi. Yoongi kissed his head again, assuming Jimin was just feeling particularly clingy. The older tried to keep writing in his notebook, but Jimin whined softly and took the pen.“What? Jimin—” Yoongi reached for it but Jimin threw it onto the floor. “Park Jimin.”“No. No more,” he said behind his pacifier. Jimin pouted and shook his head.“Jiminie, I’m working.” Yoongi huffed and put the notebook down. “Don’t be a brat, baby, please. It’s late.”Jimin shook his head again. He took out his baby blue pacifier. “No. Daddy—” Jimin pointed at Yoongi, “—will come sleep with me.”Yoongi lifted his eyebrows. “You’re demanding stuff now?”Jimin nodded quickly. “Yes. I’m in charge now. Too tired to be big, still have to take care of you, Daddy.” Jimin stood and held out his hands. “C’mon. And get Hope.”Yoongi tried to protest but Jimin aggressively popped the pacifier back into his mouth, signifying that that was the end of the discussion. Jimin narrowed his eyes and shoved his hands closer to Yoongi.Yoongi gave up with a sigh and took his hands. Jimin grinned behind his pacifier and reached out for Hope and held the elephant to his chest. Yoongi stood and began walking them to the bedroom. Jimin was happily skipping in front of him, effectively making Yoongi’s chest ache with how cute he was.When they entered the bedroom, Jimin jumped on the bed and bounced up and down a few times. He reached out and tugged on Yoongi’s sleep, silently begging him to get into bed as well. Yoongi nodded, grinning down at Jimin, and climbed into bed. Jimin cuddled up into his chest and Yoongi kissed him once more before closing his eyes.



zoo and aquarium trip
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Yoongi walked into their shared bedroom and moved to grab clothes out of the dresser for Jimin. He picked out some shoes and socks as well, placing everything on the end of the bed carefully. Jimin was still wrapped up in the sheets, hair messy against his pillow. Yoongi smiled and walked over, taming the mess with his fingers.Jimin stirred. “Good morning, Daddy,” he said quietly, almost a whisper. He kept his eyes closed but his mouth turned up in a smile.“Good morning, little one,” Yoongi replied. He leaned down and kissed Jimin’s cheek a few times, still playing with his silky hair. “Are you ready to get up? Daddy has a surprise for you today.”Jimin fluttered his eyes open. “Surprise?”Yoongi nodded with a gentle smile. “Yeah. If you get up, we can get you ready and get going. Okay?”Jimin nodded and stretched his arms over his head. Jimin made a cute stretching noise that twisted Yoongi’s stomach dangerously fast. Yoongi took Jimin’s hands and held him stand up from the bed. Yoongi kissed him to wake him up more, and Jimin giggled against his mouth. He moved over to the end of the bed and picked up the clothes. After Jimin’s pajamas were off, Yoongi bent down to tie his laces. The younger played with Yoongi’s fried pink hair while he waited for him to finish.Yoongi picked up a hairbrush from the dresser and sat down on the bed. He brought Jimin to sit down on his lap and tickled his sides for a minute. Yoongi smiled when Jimin burst into another round of giggles and started brushing Jimin’s hair.Once the younger’s hair was brushed and tame, yet still a little adorably wavy, Yoongi took Jimin off his lap and walked him over to the mirror. Jimin smiled when he looked at himself. He was in a cute light blue striped shirt with short sleeves, light overall shorts, and white vans with pastel colored polka dots. He felt good in the outfit. It made him feel even smaller. He lifted his hands to his cheeks and squished them.“You look freaking precious, baby boy,” Yoongi laughed.Yoongi turned Jimin around and reached a hand into his pocket. Jimin watched as Yoongi pulled out two beaded bracelets. Jimin gasped and Yoongi slid one onto Jimin’s wrist. It was a light blue and pink beaded bracelet with the words “Daddy’s” spelled on it. The next one was a blue and white bracelet with the word “Prince”. Jimin hugged his wrist to his chest.“I love them, I love them!” Jimin squealed. He threw his arms around Yoongi and kissed his daddy’s cheek.“I’m glad, baby,” Yoongi chuckled. “Are you ready to go?”“Yes!” Jimin skipped out of the room.Yoongi followed him, picking up his bag, already full of supplies he may need to take care of Jimin. “Alright, babe. Let’s go.”Yoongi threw his arm around Jimin’s shoulders and walked them out of the apartment.~Jimin had fallen asleep on the car ride. Yoongi let him sleep and avoided every bump on the road he could. When they arrived at their destination, Yoongi parked the car and gently shook Jimin awake.“Baby, we’re here,” Yoongi muttered.Jimin yawned and sat up, stretching out his legs. “Where are we?”“You’ll see,” Yoongi replied. He stepped out of the car and walked around it to open Jimin’s door and help him out.Yoongi and Jimin started walking to the entrance. Once Jimin read the sign, he squealed happily. “Zoo and aquarium?!” Jimin started pulling Yoongi faster to the entrance.“Okay, okay, Jiminie! We’ll be inside soon enough,” the elder said, struggling to walk at a normal pace while Jimin was latched to him.Jimin waited in line impatiently, feet twitching on the concrete. He was practically bouncing while Yoongi paid for their wristbands to get inside. Once they were through the gate, Jimin pulled him towards the zoo immediately.“Hold on, baby boy. Hold on,” Yoongi said, not letting Jimin pull him farther.“Why, Daddy?” Jimin asked, curious. He turned to look at the elder.“Let’s go over here and sit for a minute, okay?” Jimin nodded and Yoongi led him to a bench.Once Jimin sat down, someone called his name. He perked up and saw Taehyung and Jungkook running toward him and Yoongi. Jimin jumped off the bench excitedly, gasping as his hands went to cover his mouth. Yoongi laughed under his breath at the dramatic action.“Tae! Kookie!” Jimin squealed, running to meet them halfway. The two youngest enveloped the little with hugs and kisses, making Jimin laugh.“My little Jiminie~” Taehyung hummed. He tousled Jimin’s hair, making him laugh.Jungkook bent down to hug Jimin again. He kissed Jimin’s cheek. “Little Minnie.” Jimin beamed.“Daddy called Tae and Kookie?” Jimin asked, looking back at Yoongi.Yoongi nodded, happy that Jimin was excited about the surprise. Jimin ran to him and hugged him tightly. Yoongi’s lips quirked into a small smile as he rubbed his boyfriend’s back. Jungkook and Taehyung joined them near the bench before they took off to the zoo.~Jungkook hoisted Jimin onto his back and let him get a better view of the giraffes. Jimin giggled and held onto Jungkook’s hair like it would keep him from falling. Jungkook held onto his hyung’s muscular legs, struggling only a tiny amount to keep him up. “Do you wanna go to the stingrays, Jiminie? I heard you can pet them.” Taehyung held onto Jimin’s hand tightly, refusing to let it go.“Yeah, oh my gosh, let’s go!” Jimin bounced on Jungkook’s back.“Be careful, Minnie,” Jungkook warned. Jimin was incredibly squirmy despite holding onto Jungkook firmly.Yoongi stayed behind them, feeling all giddy at how happy Jimin looked. A warmth was spreading through his cheeks, certainly accentuating his freckles. It was nice to see Jimin having so much fun without any worry on his part.The four of them walked to the stingray exhibit. Jimin jumped off Jungkook’s back and stuck his hand in the water, letting it glide across the back of a stingray.“Hey, hey. Be careful, little one,” Jungkook said. Taehyung just walked behind Jimin and stuck his hand in as well.Yoongi watched as Jimin and Taehyung swished their hands in the cold water, naming the stingrays that swam by. He crossed his arms over his chest and smiled.Jungkook walked over to Yoongi. “How do you deal with him all day?” he asked, rubbing at his tired eyes.Yoongi snorted and shrugged. “You put up with Taehyung-ah.”“Good point. Taehyung hyung is basically in little space all the time.” Jungkook put a hand through his hair. “At least Jimin listens to you. Fucking Taehyung…”Yoongi hit Jungkook’s arm playfully for swearing and not using his formalities. Jungkook only whined softly.Jimin came running back to Yoongi, Taehyung close behind. While Jimin put his hands on Yoongi’s chest, Taehyung nearly tackled Jungkook despite the youngest’s pleas.“Daddy, can we go to the aquarium now? Please? Wanna see the fishies.”Yoongi tilted his head down slightly, putting his hand on Jimin’s shoulder. Jimin stared up at him with wide eyes and Yoongi nodded, kissing his nose quickly just to see the blush appear on Jimin’s perfect cheeks.~“Taetae! Look look look!” Jimin squealed, letting go of Yoongi’s hand to run with Taehyung towards a tank that had hundreds of fish swimming about. Before Yoongi could, Jungkook called, ”No, no, no! Don’t run! Careful!”Taehyung looked back and smiled at Jungkook before continuing to run with Jimin. Jungkook sighed. Yoongi smirked.“Jimin!”Jimin immediately stopped in his tracks. He turned around and looked at Yoongi, his expression curious. “Yes, Daddy?”“Be careful, baby boy.”“Yes, Daddy! I promise!” Jimin walked slowly and held onto Taehyung’s hand.Jungkook looked over at him. “How do you even do that?”Yoongi just shrugged and smiled smugly. Jungkook pouted and his shoulders dropped.“Daddy!”Yoongi, without hesitation, walked over to Jimin. Jungkook followed to keep an eye on Taehyung. “What is it, pumpkin?” Yoongi rested his chin on Jimin’s shoulder. The little was wide-eyed and pressed up against the glass, eyes darting around at all the aquatic life before him.“That one looks like you, Daddy!” Jimin giggled. He pointed at a bottom-feeder laying on the side of the tank.Yoongi couldn’t stop the giggle that escaped him. He put his arms around Jimin’s neck and leaned against his back. He pointed at an octopus. “That one looks like you.”“Nuh-uh! I look like an angelfish because I’m an angel.”“Yes, you are.” Yoongi kissed his cheek. “You still look like the octopus though.” Jimin giggled.“You two are so cute I’m going to throw up,” Jungkook muttered. Yoongi flipped him off, careful to avoid the gazes of the children around them.~Jimin was passed out on the couch, snoring slightly around his pacifier. Yoongi was sitting on the couch as well, Jimin’s head in his lap. Yoongi was trying to read, but the noises Jimin was making in his sleep were distracting him in the best way.After the zoo, the four of them had gone out for ice cream. Jimin ended up eating a majority of everyone’s ice cream because no one wanted to stop feeding him. He had been cuddled up to Yoongi’s side, chocolate covering the sides of his mouth. Yoongi had kissed the chocolate away after, much to the disgust of the other couple.Jimin was pretty tired even on the ride home. Yoongi was surprised to find him still awake when they pulled into the apartment’s parking lot. The minute he reached the couch, however, he had fallen asleep instantly.Yoongi absentmindedly played with Jimin’s hair as he read. Jimin shifted in his lap, grabbing his elephant tighter.The elder smiled down at him and put down his book. He pulled the younger closer and held him bridal style in his lap. He slowly stood up, hoisting Jimin into the air. Yoongi carried him into the bedroom and settled him into the bed, tucking Jimin in. Yoongi slid in next to him, kissing his face a few times, tenderly as to not disturb his rest. Yoongi moved closer to the younger, holding him and listening to his soft breathing.



Chapter End Notes
you fell asleep in mycar i drove the whole timebut that's okay i'll just avoid the holesso you sleep finei'm driving, here i sitcursing my governmentfor not using my taxes to fill holeswith more cement


bracelets



Yoongi had gone to work earlier this morning. It was Jimin’s day off, so Jimin stayed on the couch all day and watched TV, taking small cat naps.After he woke up, the TV had changed to a kids’ station. He wasn’t in little space, and he knew kids’ shows didn’t exactly trigger him into it. Not being able to find the remote, he sighed and turned his attention to the TV. The bright colours of the show hurt his eyes. They were singing and it was kind of making Jimin’s head hurt, but it was still cute. He closed his eyes and listened to it.His thoughts wandered as he laid there. He thought about when Yoongi was coming home, which made him think of Yoongi even more. How sweet Yoongi was, with his pretty pink hair and gummy little smile. Jimin smiled to himself.Yoongi was also so, so amazing to him. He treated Jimin like a prince and Jimin loved every part of it. He loved every part of Yoongi. His perfect cupid’s bow, triangular dark eyes, the way he laughed silently with little chuckles. Jimin curled up on himself, hugging a pillow to his chest and giggling. He should really do something for Yoongi tonight. He was always being so great to Jimin, maybe Jimin should return the favour.Jimin’s phone went off with a small ding. He released the pillow and rolled over immediately to grab it. He muted the TV and picked up his phone.From: Yoon~ 
How are you babeJimin squealed and didn’t realize he had slipped so easily. He tried to hold it in as best as he could. He couldn’t tell Yoongi, he would send someone over to watch him which would ruin the surprise.To: Yoon~ 
Hyung~~~
I’m fine. When are you coming home????From: Yoon~ 
Soon. Promise babyJimin squealed again. He was so excited about Yoongi coming home until he realized he had to prepare everything quickly.To: Yoon~ 
Okay hyung~~ but don’t be late again okay???From: Yoon~ 
Yeah yeahJimin laughed and placed his phone down. He started to plan on what he could do for his daddy. He perked up when he got an idea. Jimin set off and cleaned up all his toys, blankets, and cups. He put dishes in the sink and let them soak in water.Jimin went into the bedroom and made the bed, placing stuffies on his side. He fluffed Yoongi’s pillow and skipped back into the living room, his bracelets clinking slightly. He gasped when he got another idea. I should make Daddy a bracelet too.Jimin picked up his phone and scrolled through his contacts, clicking on one with a lot of emojis and hearts.“Jiminie?” Hoseok answered.“Hi, Unc— Hobi hyung!” Jimin yelled into the phone.
“Hi, sunshine. What’s up?”
Jimin cleared his throat, trying to get his voice to lower a little. “Will you take me to the store really quickly? D— Yoongi hyung has the car. I wanna grab something.”
“Sure thing. I’ll be there in five minutes, okay?”
“Okay! Thank youuu!” Jimin hung up and ran to his room to put on something more appropriate to go outside. He waited by the door for Hoseok to let him know he was outside.~“Where are we goin’, Jiminie?” Hoseok asked, pulling the car out of the parking lot.“To the—” The younger cleared his throat, trying to make his voice lower again. “The store to pick up something for … Yoongi hyung.”Hoseok nodded. “Anything specific?”“Well, Daddy made me a bracelet. I wanna make him one!” Jimin laughed to himself, looking down at his wrist. He gasped, placing a hand over his mouth, hoping Hoseok hadn’t heard his mistake.“Oh, alright.” Hoseok smiled. “Does Daddy know you’re in little space?” He glanced over at Jimin with a silly look.Jimin looked down and shook his head. He was scared Yoongi would be so mad at him if he found out later.“Ah. You should let him know, sunshine.”“I wanna surprise him, Uncle Hobi! Please, don’t make me tell him! Pleeeassseee!” Jimin pleaded.Hoseok sighed. “Okay, okay, Minnie. As long as you’re responsible and safe.”“I am, I am! I promise, Uncle Hobi! I promise!”Hoseok smiled and turned his attention back to the road.~Hoseok dropped Jimin off at home, telling him to call if he needed anything. Jimin raced up to his apartment, watching his steps so he wouldn’t fall. He dropped everything on the table once he got inside his apartment and opened the box. He had bought a bracelet making kit just so he could make incredibly special bracelets for Yoongi.Jimin started measuring a bracelet and picking out the beads. His tongue stuck out of the corner of his mouth as he focused. He finished making the bracelet, a pretty green and blue one that said “Daddy” on one side, “Jimin’s” on the other. Jimin smiled at it and kissed the bracelet for good luck.Jimin’s phone started to ring. He picked it up, not looking at who was calling. “Hellooooo~”He heard Yoongi’s chuckle. “Hi, honey. I was just calling to tell you I’m gonna be home in a few minutes, okay?”“Yes, Da—” Jimin coughed, catching himself. “Yes, hyung!”Yoongi hesitated. “What was that?”“Nothing, hy-hyung.”“Is there something I should know?” Yoongi asked accusingly.“Of course not! Have a safe drive,” Jimin said, his Busan accent slipping into his words. He hung up the phone before Yoongi could press further.Jimin got up and started cleaning everything up. He hid the kit in his closet for future use. He made sure to lay on the couch and turn on the TV after putting all his little things away.A key turned in the door knob and Jimin looked over to the door as Yoongi walked in. He placed his bag down by the door and took off his coat. He walked over to Jimin and sat next to him, putting a hand through the younger’s hair.“Hi, hy-hyung.”“Hmm? Are you sure that’s what you should be calling me right now, baby?”Jimin pouted. He hid his face in a pillow. “I’m sorry, Daddy… But I wanted to surprise you! Please don’t be mad at me.”Yoongi tilted his head. “Surprise me with what?”Jimin gasped and held up his left wrist. He took off the bracelet he made and handed it to Yoongi. “Look at what I made just for you, Daddy!”Yoongi pulled back from Jimin and took the bracelet. His face was blank as he looked at it and turned it over in his hands.“Do… do you like it?” Jimin asked quietly, watching Yoongi’s expression.Yoongi looked back up at Jimin with a big smile. “I love it, baby.”“Aww, Daddy! I’m so happy!”Yoongi laughed. “It’s really pretty, baby boy. Thank you.” He slid it on his wrist. “Daddy really, really loves it.”“Yay,” Jimin giggled. “I also cleaned and, and I made the bed and I thought we could get food and… yeah.”“I’m very proud of you, love. But don’t think I forgot about that punishment you’re getting.” Yoongi gave him a sad smile.Jimin sank down on the couch. “But… The surprise...”“You know the rules, baby. Don’t complain. Be good.”Jimin sighed. “Yes, Daddy.”“No TV.”Jimin opened his mouth to protest, but Yoongi cut him off.“For an hour.” Yoongi tried to stop the smile but knew he failed when his eyes crinkled.Jimin smiled. He loved how his daddy was such a pushover. “I guess if I have to~” Jimin said dramatically. Yoongi snorted.“Does that mean I can’t lay on Daddy’s lap while he reads?” Jimin faked a pout.“Did I say you couldn’t?” Yoongi rounded the couch and kicked off his shoes, sitting on the couch and picking up his book.Jimin giggled and immediately took his place on the couch, putting his head in Yoongi’s lap. Yoongi dropped his hand and played with Jimin’s hair. Jimin sighed happily and snuggled up to Yoongi’s legs, closing his eyes and humming.



nightmare



Something woke Yoongi up in the middle of the night. Too tired to realize what it was, he turned over to look at the clock. It was three in the morning. He groaned softly and rolled back over to pull Jimin closer to him.His hand met an empty bed. He fluttered his eyes open and looked for him. He couldn’t see him, but there was a lump under the covers on the farthest side of the bed from Yoongi.Yoongi watched the lump under the covers for a few seconds, confused. After a minute or so, the lump started to shake slightly, sniffling sounds coming from under it. A soft sob reached his ears. Yoongi sat up immediately and lifted the blankets. Jimin was curled up on himself, crying into his hands.“Hey, hey, hey…” Yoongi said, pulling Jimin into his arms. Jimin reacted quickly, holding onto Yoongi’s shirt and sobbing quietly. Yoongi held him tightly, rubbing his back. “What’s wrong, baby?”“I had — had a b-bad dream,” Jimin sobbed. “Da-Daddy, I’m sc-scared.”Yoongi hushed him and rocked him as best he could. “Was it the same nightmare you always have, baby boy?”Jimin nodded his head, choking out another sob.“Baby, it’s okay. I promise. Nothing’s hurting you.” Yoongi kissed his forehead.“I kn-know, Daddy, but it’s — it’s s-scary.”“I know, baby, I know,” Yoongi whispered. He continued rubbing Jimin’s back.Jimin stopped crying so hard after about ten minutes. Yoongi kissed him and laid him back on the bed, wrapping his arms around him.“I love you so much, baby,” Yoongi muttered. He kissed Jimin and rubbed his cheek with his thumb.“I love you too, Daddy,” Jimin whispered, closing his eyes. The crying had really tired him out.Yoongi kissed Jimin again. He pulled the younger to him, rubbing through his hair.“You can go to sleep, baby. I’m here and I’ll be here. Even if you have another nightmare, I’m here, okay? You can sleep. I love you, baby.”Jimin smiled with tear-stained cheeks. He snuggled up to Yoongi and let himself fall asleep again. Yoongi smiled as Jimin let out soft snores against his chest.



babysitter kook



Taehyung and Jimin, both in little space now, were running around Taehyung’s apartment laughing loudly. Yoongi was lounging on the couch, his eyes closed as he rested. Jungkook was chasing after them and trying to protect them from every wall and corner. Yoongi’s phone went off, telling him it was time for work. He stood up and stretched.“Hey, Kook? I gotta go to work. Think you could watch Jimin?” He smiled smugly and started walking to the door.“Hyung! No! Yoongi hyung, if you leave me here with these two, I swear I’ll—”Yoongi closed the door behind him.~“Minnie! Be careful with that glue,” Jungkook demanded. He turned on his heel and saw Taehyung jumping off the couch. “Taehyung! No jumping, what’s wrong with y—”Jimin squealed, cutting Jungkook off. He whipped his head around to see Jimin covering his hands with glue. Taehyung ran over to Jimin and did the same.“Guys, what the… No, don’t—” Taehyung took his glue-covered hand and swiped it across Jimin’s face, making Jimin giggle. Jungkook ran over. “Tae! Don’t do that!” He took the hem of his shirt and began wiping the glue off of Jimin’s face while Jimin made soft noises.“Tae, go sit on the couch! Now!” Jungkook yelled. Taehyung pouted and walked to the couch, sitting down with his arms crossed. “You too, Minnie.”Jimin nodded and sat on the couch as well. Jungkook sat on the coffee table, facing them with tired eyes. “Okay. No more running. No more… glue. Just…” Jungkook turned around and picked up colouring books and crayons. “Just colour.”Taehyung and Jimin grabbed the books immediately, taking the crayons as well.Jungkook moved from the table so they could colour on it. He sat back against the wall, savoring his downtime that he knew would be short-lived. He had been running around for about five hours, trying to keep everything under control. He was really fucking tired.He closed his eyes for just a second — he swears it was just a second — but he woke up half an hour later, covered in marker ink. Jungkook stumbled into the bathroom, looking in the mirror. The giggling spread through the hallway as the two continued to chase each other.“Yah! You little shits! I should kill y—”There was a knock on his apartment door. He groaned and walked out of the bathroom. Jimin and Taehyung were running around the rooms, but Jungkook ignored them for now. He opened the door to a surprised-looking Yoongi.Jungkook groaned and fell onto Yoongi, placing his head on the elder’s shoulder. Yoongi laughed quietly.“Bad day?”“Hyung, how the hell do you do it?”Yoongi led them both inside, shutting the door behind them. He pulled away and patted Jungkook’s shoulder. “You get used to it.” Yoongi turned towards the living room. “Jiminie!” he yelled.Jimin came running into the room. “Daddy!” he jumped into Yoongi’s arm and squished Yoongi’s cheeks, kissing his puckered mouth.“Hey, baby. Did you do this to Jungkookie?”Jimin smiled and looked over to Jungkook. “Yes, I did, Daddy.”Yoongi chuckled and high-fived Jimin. “Good job, baby.”Jungkook groaned once more. Taehyung came running into the room, searching for Jungkook. “Kookieeee~”“Yes, Tae?” Jungkook said breathlessly.“Come play with meeee~”“Yes, Tae.” Jungkook took Taehyung’s outstretched hands.“See, you, Jungkook-ah.” Yoongi laughed. He took Jimin’s hand and walked them from the apartment, hearing Jungkook’s screaming from down the hallway.



jungkook's necklace



“I’m sorry, Jungkookie~” Jimin apologized, his bottom lip sticking out. He had turned on his awful aegyo for this kid.“It’s alright, hyung. You were little,” Jungkook brushed him off, smiling tiredly.Jimin nodded. “Yes, Jungkookie. But I’m sorryy~” He leaned over Jungkook’s shoulder, showering his cheek with kisses.Jungkook squirmed and tried to push him off. “Hyung, noo.”Taehyung pushed through the kitchen door with a pacifier in his mouth. He looked at Jimin and his face lit up. “Minnie!”Jimin slipped into little space so quickly his head got foggy and dizzy. He stumbled a bit, Yoongi coming behind him to hold him up by his elbows. Yoongi just sighed as Jimin regained his balance. Jimin blinked a few times before rubbing at his eyes.“Taetae!” He waved at Taehyung with wiggling fingers.The two of them ran out of the kitchen, leaving Yoongi and Jungkook alone. Yoongi smiled and sat down. Jungkook put his head against the table, letting out a deep breath.“You alright there, Kook?”Jungkook picked his head up. His eyes were closed and he laughed a little. “Yeah. I’m good.”“You sure, dude? You’re kinda…” Yoongi twirled his finger near his temple.Jungkook kept smiling. He looked insane. “I love him so much.”Yoongi snorted. “Alright, kid.”“No. Like, I really love him. I do. I love him.”“I think you should be talking to Taehyung about this?” Yoongi asked, leaning back in his chair.Jungkook laughed. “Yeah, maybe.”Jimin and Taehyung came back into the kitchen, giggling. They were each holding something behind their backs. “Hey, Kookie,” they hummed in unison.“Hi,” Jungkook smiled. “What do you two have?”The two littles glanced at each other and giggled before bringing their hands to the front. In their hands was a necklace with a few beads hanging from it. In the middle of the beads was a hanging pendant. On one side was a J, the other a T.“We — we wanted to apologize for the — the other day!” Taehyung laughed. He tended to stammer when he was little and every time he did, Jungkook felt his heart beating faster.“Yeah! We’re sorry, Kookie,” Jimin added, his eyes crinkling.Jungkook took the necklace with a huge smile, and a slight blush, and put it around his neck. “It’s okay. Thank you two so much.” He pulled Jimin closer to him and kissed his forehead. He then pulled Taehyung to him, caressing his hair and kissing both of his cheeks, finishing with a kiss on his nose.Jimin gave Yoongi a knowing look. Yoongi smirked back at him. Jimin walked over to Yoongi and sat on his lap, letting Yoongi wrap his arms around Jimin’s middle, rocking him side to side slightly.Jungkook hugged Taehyung to him once more. Taehyung giggled cutely and wrapped his arms around Jungkook’s neck.“I’m happy you — you like it, Kookie Bear.”Jungkook blushed harder. He glanced up at the clock. “It’s time for your nap, Taetae. Why don’t you say goodbye to Yoongi hyung and Jiminie?”Taehyung went over to Jimin and pulled him into a tight hug. He kissed Jimin’s cheek softly, saying bye. He went over to Yoongi and squished his cheek against the elder’s.“Bye bye, Taehyung-ah.” Yoongi tousled Taehyung’s hair.Yoongi took Jimin’s hand in his and they said their goodbyes. They left the apartment just as Taehyung held onto Jungkook’s arm, and followed Jungkook into the living room.



yelling leads to picnics



Yoongi was sitting in the kitchen when Jimin came in, holding his elephant by the arm. He had his other thumb in his mouth, his eyes searching for Yoongi. Yoongi was looking down at his notes, scribbling things rapidly. Jimin leaned on Yoongi’s back, asking for attention.“Not now, babe. Working,” Yoongi said blatantly.“But, Daddy,” Jimin mumbled around his thumb sadly. His eyes turned sad quickly“Go colour or something, Jiminie. Daddy’s working.” Yoongi didn’t even look up from his notebook. He crossed out a word.Jimin pouted and bounced a bit. “But I been waiting for Daddy for ages,” he exaggerated.Yoongi tried to erase something, but ended up just striking it out. He groaned. “Please, honey. Just go watch a movie. Daddy has to finish this.” He felt himself getting annoyed. He couldn’t let Jimin see his irritation.Jimin stomped his foot. “Pay attention, Daddy!” he yelled. “Lonely!”Yoongi turned and glared at him. He pointed to the kitchen door that led to the hallway. “Go to your room. Now.”Jimin huffed and crossed his arms. “No!” he screamed.“Go now, Jimin,” Yoongi said sternly. “Don’t do something you’ll regret.”Jimin practically growled. “I don’t want to! I wanna spend time with Daddy!”“Daddy’s busy! Go to your room, now!" Yoongi shouted.Jimin’s face faltered. His eyes widened and his mouth opened slightly. He snapped his mouth shut and left the room quickly. Yoongi heard the bedroom door slam.Yoongi sighed and placed his head in his hands. He never yelled at Jimin. He always made a point to keep himself calm, but he had lost control. He cracked his fingers and couldn’t ignore his inner turmoil.Yoongi stood up from his chair and rubbed his face. He made his way down the hallway to the shared bedroom. He knocked lightly on the door. “Jimin?”He heard the younger sniffle.“Jimin, could you open the door?” Yoongi leaned against the door, knob in his hand.Jimin’s soft voice replied. “No, Daddy. Daddy yelled. Bothered Daddy.”Yoongi sighed again. “I’m sorry, baby. Daddy’s sorry. Will you open the door for me?” Yoongi rubbed the bridge of his nose between his eyes, furious at himself.Jimin coughed a bit. “Daddy yell?”“No, sweetie. I won’t, I promise.” Yoongi bounced his leg impatiently. Jimin finally opened the door. Yoongi pushed through and pulled the younger into a hug. Yoongi ran his hands through Jimin’s hair and down his back, comforting him.“Daddy’s so sorry. I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to. I’m not mad at you. I’m so sorry.” Yoongi kissed his head and shushed him as he cried.“Mad at — at Diminie?” Jimin sniffled into Yoongi’s shirt. His tiny fingers held fistfuls of the material.“No, not at you, baby. Never at you. Daddy was just being stupid.” The older shook his head quickly. I’m sorry, precious.”Jimin pulled away. “‘S okay, Daddy. Bothered you.” He tried to turn but his arm was grabbed by Yoongi’s hand.“No, you didn’t, sweetheart. You could never bother me.” Yoongi kissed Jimin’s forehead and pulled him into another hug. “How about we go out for a picnic? We’ll call everyone.”Jimin thought for a moment. He relaxed against the older and muttered, “Like that idea.” Jimin wrapped his arms around Yoongi.“Good, okay. We’ll go out and have fun. Daddy will stop being so grumpy and spend a lot of time with you.”“Yay!” Jimin squealed. He picked up his stuffed animal from the floor and hugged it, then hugged Yoongi. “I love you sooo much, Daddy. So so so much.”Yoongi held him again. “I love you too, baby.” Jimin hummed against Yoongi’s chest and closed his eyes, swaying back and forth in his arms.~Yoongi set down the blanket on the soft grass that was shielded from the sun by a large, low-hanging tree. He spread out plates and utensils around the blanket, letting Jimin run around him. Jimin rolled on the ground, getting grassy things stuck in his silky hair. Yoongi could only smile as his waves were adorned with small sticks and leaves.Someone shouted Jimin’s name, making him perk up immediately. He looked in the direction of the voice, seeing Taehyung running at him. Jimin met him halfway and the two hugged animatedly while Jungkook walked by them to Yoongi.Jungkook took his seat on the blanket and fell over, falling asleep almost immediately. Yoongi snorted and covered him with his jacket. He rested his arm on the youngest’s side and leaned back against the tree.Jimin and Taehyung were running around the park when Hoseok came. Hoseok yelled the two littles’ names and they immediately came running over. After they had hugged him, they went back to running around. Hoseok sat down on the blanket with the other two.“What’s with him?” Hoseok asked, motioning to Jungkook.Yoongi pointed at Taehyung, who was doing somersaults in the grass. Hoseok laughed and nodded. Jungkook groaned in his sleep and pulled the jacket up to cover his face.Seokjin and Namjoon came next, taking their places next to the others. Jimin and Taehyung came over to greet them. Jimin kissed both of the elder’s cheeks.Taehyung ran over to Jungkook and snuggled on top of him. Jungkook groaned, but held Taehyung to him nonetheless. Taehyung happily curled up to his side under the jacket and smushed their noses together.The group of them spent the afternoon together, the couples snuggling each other. Hoseok was the odd one out, so he decided to stick his head across Seokjin’s lap, to which the elder had laughed and pet his hair. Hoseok grinned and stretched his legs across Namjoon’s lap. Namjoon only shook his head and rested his arms on Hoseok’s knees.



drinking relapse



Yoongi stumbled into the apartment, knocking into the counter. He shoved his shoes off and threw his jacket to the floor. He tripped on his way to the couch.Yoongi had left about an hour or two ago. Maybe longer, he didn’t know. He frankly didn’t fucking care. There was a bar down the street from their apartment, and Yoongi had made a beeline for it just after he put Jimin down for his nap. He needed to get away. He had been so fucking stressed.Once he got liquor, he felt nice. Drunken stupors felt amazing.Soft footsteps came down the hallway. Yoongi didn’t react.“Daddy?” Jimin asked. The sound of his voice sent a warm feeling through Yoongi’s body.Yoongi stretched on the couch. “Hey, babe,” he slurred, his eyes closed and a smile plastered on his face.“Is Daddy okay?” Jimin asked, coming closer to the older. He looked a bit frightened.“Daddy’s jus’ amazing, little one.” Yoongi lifted his arms, expecting Jimin to hug him.Jimin stayed where he was. “Daddy’s drunk.” He could smell the alcohol. It was like Yoongi had bathed in it.Yoongi looked at the younger, his head tilted to the side. “What? Nooo. Daddy’s not drunk, babe. You’re so sillyyy.” Yoongi reached out, presumably to boop his nose, but his arm just dropped. Yoongi winced as his stomach flipped with the movement. His cheeks puffed momentarily before he hiccupped and swallowed. Jimin looked at him sadly. “Daddy’s really, drunk.” He sighed and set his stuffie down. He moved to the kitchen to grab some water and the bin.“Minnieeeeee,” Yoongi whined once he could no longer see his boyfriend. “Come baaaack.”Jimin padded back into the room, a sad look on his usually happy face. He put the water on the table and placed the bin next to the couch. Yoongi held out his hands for him, begging, but Jimin stayed out of reach.“Jiminie, baby, c’mere with meeee. Snuggle Daddy.”Jimin shook his head with a remorseful look. “No, no, Daddy. You just go to sleep now.”“How’m I gonna sleep without m’ bab-ay?” Yoongi sang, reaching out for him again. Jimin wasn’t giving in.Jimin instead went to their room and brought out a teddy bear. He kissed it a few times and handed it to Yoongi. “Sleep with this, Daddy. I’ll be here in the morning.”Yoongi cuddled the teddy bear tightly, resting his head against the fur. “Mm’kay. I luh you, Miiin.”“I love you too, Daddy,” Jimin replied.Jimin made his way back to the bedroom slowly. He cuddled his elephant tightly and played with its ears. It was hard to fall asleep with tears choking him up, but he was able to drift off just before it got to be too late.~Yoongi woke up suddenly, a wave of nausea washing over him. He promptly leaned over the side of the couch and empty the contents of his stomach into the bin. He groaned and sat back up, rubbing his face.Fuck. He didn’t remember anything once he got to the bar. He wondered how much he had drank, settling on the amount being too much. He looked down at his feet. There was one of Jimin’s teddy bears on the couch. Fuck. Jimin had to see me like this.Yoongi stood up and stumbled to the bathroom. He took a cup of mouthwash, swishing it around in his cheeks. He spit the burning liquid out and washed his face though his head was screaming at him to stop. He shuffled to the bedroom in search of Jimin.Jimin was curled up under the sheets, hugging the elephant to his chest. He seemed to be asleep. Yoongi walked over and got into the bed next to Jimin, throwing his arm over the younger’s waist.Jimin stirred and looked down at the hand on his stomach. He rolled away. Yoongi watched him regretfully.“Jimin..?” he whispered.Jimin kept himself turned away from Yoongi. Yoongi closed his eyes tightly, trying to will away the tears.“Jimin, I’m sorry,” his voice broke. “I didn’t mean to, I wasn’t thinking…”Yoongi watched as Jimin’s arm muscles contracted, tightening his grip on the elephant.Yoongi turned onto his back and stared at the ceiling to prevent his tears. “J-Jimin, I’m sorry.”“It was a year sober, hyung. I was so proud of you… I was planning a party...” Jimin whispered.Yoongi covered his face with his hands. He let out a quiet sob into his palms. “I know, I know. I fucked up. Please, Jimin. Let me start over. I can do it this time.”“I know you can, hyung. But you never let yourself.” Jimin buried his face into his stuffed animal.Tears began to pour down Yoongi’s face. He was openly crying into his hands. Jimin finally moved closer to him, holding him as he cried. Yoongi turned and sobbed into Jimin’s shirt.“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.” Yoongi sniffled, but kept crying. “I’m so sorry.”Jimin kissed Yoongi’s forehead. Yoongi only sobbed harder. When Yoongi cried, he barely let out a sound. His body just jerked violently, tears staining his cheeks.“Shh, hyung. Shh. It’s okay. You can do it. I know you can.” Jimin rubbed Yoongi’s back.“I’m sorry for letting you down, Jiminie. I’m so sorry.” Yoongi gripped Jimin’s shirt.“You didn’t let me down, hyung. You’re okay. We can start over. We’ll work harder this time. Both of us.” Jimin pet through his hair.  Yoongi nodded and let himself calm down a little. “I love you so much. I’m sorry.”“I love you too. It’s okay. It’s okay.” Jimin kept running his hands through Yoongi’s strawberry hair, trying to will away the tears. “Just sleep, hyung. Please. Sleep everything off.”Yoongi nodded and closed his eyes, breathing slower. Jimin kissed away his tears and held him for however long it took for Yoongi to fall asleep.



scary movie and thunderstorm



Jimin woke Yoongi up for work the next day, helping him get dressed and even packing him a lunch so he had no reason not to eat.Jimin had to go to work as well, but he would get home hours before Yoongi would. He stayed in the living room, staring at the TV but not watching it. Jimin was thinking about how the hell he was gonna help Yoongi get a hold on his sobriety.It was around 8 o’clock at night when Jimin gave up on thinking about it. He turned his attention back to the TV. The lights were dim in the room and he realized the movie had changed to one of a horror genre.Jimin shook his head to rid the worry. He focused on the movie, curling up in the blanket around him. He had a while before Yoongi came home, he figured watching parts of a movie wouldn’t hurt.~Jimin was curled up under the blanket, his whole body shaking in immense fear. He watched the screen with wide eyes and squealed whenever the noises and music would get louder, covering his eyes with his fingers.When the killer on screen held a knife in the air, Jimin screamed and finally turned the TV off. He whimpered when he realized with the light of the television gone, it left him in an incredibly dark room. He fumbled for his phone and dialed Yoongi’s number.It rang a few times and went directly to voicemail. Jimin’s anxiety rose. He called Hoseok. Hoseok didn’t answer either. Just then, there was a huge crack of thunder. Jimin whimpered again and curled up more, spreading the blanket over him entirely.He dialed Seokjin’s number. Finally, thankfully, Seokjin picked up.
“Hey, Jimin-ah. Is everything okay?”
“U-Uncle Jinnie. S-Scared,” Jimin whined, voice uneven. He closed his eyes tightly.“Aw, why are you scared, sweetheart? Where’s Yoongi-ah?” Seokjin asked soothingly.“D-Daddy’s at w-work. Daddy didn’t a-answer like you did.” Jimin flinched at another sound of thunder. “I-I watched a — a scary movie and it — now there’s thunder. Don’ like it, Uncle Jinnie.”
“Oh, sweetie. I wish I could come over there for you, I just can’t tonight. But I can be on the phone with you until you feel better, if you’d like.”
“Yes, please, Uncle Jinnie,” Jimin whispered. He heard Seokjin sigh quietly on the other end as he thought.
“Okay, sweetheart. What can I do to make you feel better?”
“D-Dunno. It’s dark an’ scary. All the lights are off, Uncle Jin!” Jimin whispered loudly into the microphone.“Well, go turn them on, silly!” Seokjin laughed.Jimin, realizing how silly he was being, giggled. “That’s a good idea!” He stood up and turned on the lights. He felt a lot safer immediately. “But… It’s still thundering, Uncle Jinnie!”
“I’m afraid I can’t fix that one, sweetie. It should be over soon, though. Maybe try listening to some music with your headphones. Or watch cartoons!”
Jimin gasped lightly. “Why is Uncle Jin sooo smart?”Seokjin laughed. “Is Jiminie gonna be okay?”“‘M gonna be okay!” Jimin reassured. “Thank you, Uncle Jinnie! I love you,” he sang.“I love you too, Jimin-ah.” Jimin could hear the smile in Seokjin’s voice.Jimin made a kissing noise into the phone before hanging it up.~Yoongi came home a bit later than he should have. He threw his keys on the counter and kicked his shoes off, leaving his things in the kitchen. Jimin padded into the room, hands on his hips.“Hey, J—”“You don’t get to talk, Mister!” Jimin said in his best angry voice. However, being little, he barely had one. He sounded more like an angry puppy.Yoongi looked down at him with mock surprise. “Why? What did I do?”“Daddy didn’t answer my phone calls when I was scared! You’re in so much trouble!” Jimin pointed at him accusingly.Yoongi looked at him, genuinely confused. He pulled out his phone and saw there was a missed call from Jimin. “Oh. Daddy’s sorry, Jiminie. I didn’t hear my phone ring.” He sighed as he put away his phone.Jimin growled at him softly. “Daddy owes Diminie.”“What does Jiminie want from Daddy?” Yoongi asked, placing his hands on the younger’s hips.“Hmm…” Jimin hummed. His face perked up like he had gotten an idea. He bounced happily. “I know!”“What is it, baby?” Yoongi asked, pulling Jimin closer.“Daddy has to give Diminie kisses and cuddles all night!” Jimin grinned.“Deal,” Yoongi said, lifting his pinky. Jimin beamed and linked his pinky with Yoongi’s. They each kissed their thumb and touched their thumbs together, making Jimin giggle. “That means Daddy gets to spoil his little prince.”Yoongi lead them to the couch and held Jimin against him. He kissed Jimin, much to the younger’s delight, and rubbed his back. He kept his arms wrapped around the little, continuing to kiss his cheeks, forehead, nose, and mouth. Jimin was a giggling mess next to him, cheeks red. Yoongi smiled just as much, enjoying every part of being with his boyfriend.



yoongi loses it



Yoongi was getting stressed again. Whenever Jimin was with him, he was writing something in that stupid, worn-out notebook of his. They hadn’t really done anything together in a week or so, Yoongi being too stressed and/or busy to go out. Jimin was worried he’d start drinking again.Jimin was sitting on the couch with Yoongi’s feet propped in his lap as the elder scribbled along the pages. Jimin was fiddling with his fingers, nervous at Yoongi’s bad mood. Yoongi would groan every once in awhile, sounding more exasperated each time.Yoongi finally had enough. He slammed the notebook shut and threw it against the wall. Jimin flinched a bit at the sudden loud noise. Yoongi broke his pencil in half and threw it in the same direction he had thrown the notebook.Yoongi stood up suddenly, moving to grab his shoes.Jimin got up immediately to follow. “Hyung, where are you—”Yoongi ignored him, pushing past him to grab his coat, knocking him in the shoulder. Jimin ignored it and followed behind him closely.“Hyung. Where are you going?” he tried again.Yoongi kept silent and moved to find his keys. Jimin was following him around and it was only making him angrier. When Yoongi reached to open the door, Jimin grabbed his arm and yanked him back. Yoongi spun around and glared at him. Jimin had seen that look on Yoongi’s face countless times. He wasn’t phased until he realized Yoongi had never looked at him with such ferocity.“Let me go.” Yoongi tried to pull his arm out of Jimin’s hold. Jimin kept a death grip on him.“Not until you tell me where the hell you’re going,” the younger demanded.“I think you can figure it out.” Yoongi pushed Jimin back, not enough to hurt him, and got his arm out of Jimin’s small hand. He pulled the door open, walking out. Jimin cursed and slipped his shoes on, running after Yoongi.Yoongi ran down the stairs, too impatient to wait for the elevator. Jimin was yelling for him as he ran, climbing down the steps after him.“Leave me alone, Jimin,” Yoongi warned. He made it to the first floor and walked out into the lobby.“No, hyung! Hyung!” Jimin sprinted for him. He latched onto Yoongi once more, trying to keep him from leaving the building.Yoongi kept moving, Jimin’s strength not a match for his. He exited the building and started walking down the street. Jimin was still holding onto him, trying to reason with him.“Yoongi hyung, stop it. Stop. You don’t want to. Please, hyung,” he pleaded.“I already fucked up. What’s one more?” Yoongi struggled to walk forward with Jimin attached to him like a fucking leech.“Are you an idiot?! Do you really — Yoongi hyung, stop fucking walking!” Jimin yelled.Yoongi halted and turned around. He stared at Jimin with an almost murderous glare. It was evening and cars drove by them on the cold street. The crisp air was biting at Jimin’s cheeks.Jimin held Yoongi’s hands in his. “Hyung, seriously. You can’t do this. You can’t just go and get drunk when you’re stressed.”Yoongi snorted. “Wanna see?” He tried to turn and walk towards the bar again.Jimin kept him rooted in place. “You idiot, no. I won’t let you. You were doing so fucking good. You know you don’t want to.”“Jimin, just let go.” Yoongi tried to pull his hands away.“No,” the younger retaliated.“Jimin, just—” Yoongi struggled and felt Jimin’s fingers bruising his own. “Let — FUCKING LET GO! FUCK YOU,” he screamed—really screamed. He slapped Jimin’s hands from his and shoved Jimin away violently.Jimin gasped and brought his fingers to cover his mouth. His eyes began to fill with tears. He backed away further, a terrified look on his face.Yoongi glared at him angrily for a moment before his expression softened, realizing what he had done. “No...” Yoongi swallowed and tried to move closer. “No... Jimin. Oh my God, Jimin, I didn’t mean it. I didn’t… I’m sorry—”Jimin spun on his heel and walked back to the building. He didn’t stop when Yoongi yelled after him. He ascended the stairs, tears spilling down his cheeks.Jimin made it to their apartment and unlocked the door, slamming it shut in Yoongi’s face. Yoongi groaned and opened it himself.“Jimin, please. Fuck, I’m sorry. I don’t know what I was thinking.” Yoongi pulled Jimin into a hug from behind and hid his face in Jimin’s neck.Jimin stayed unnaturally still. “Let me go, Daddy.”Yoongi jumped at the sudden change in Jimin’s voice. He shook his head and held Jimin tighter. “No. No, I’m so sorry.”“Let go, Da— Yoongi. You… you hurt me.” Jimin’s voice was shaking as he cried softly. He couldn’t call Yoongi the name that held so much trust when he had treated Jimin like that.Yoongi sobbed. He folded as if someone had taken a hammer to his torso. “J-Jimin, I didn’t mean to. I didn’t. I’m sorry. You have no idea how sorry I am.”“Please, Yoongi,” Jimin swallowed. Yoongi shook his head again. He only held on tighter, letting himself cry onto Jimin’s shoulder. He couldn’t believe he had done such an awful thing.“Please… I don’t wanna be with Yoongi right now.”Yoongi’s heart broke into pieces. Jimin broke out of his hold and walked to their room, closing the door softly behind him.Yoongi fell to the floor and just kind sat there. He didn’t know if he was crying—didn’t know if he was even breathing. As a last resort, he picked up his phone.~Hoseok pushed through the apartment door, eyes wide and expectant. He saw Yoongi sat on the floor, looking dazed. He was staring at a random spot on the floor, not blinking. His phone was in front of him, half out of his hand like he had just dropped his hand after getting off the phone with Hoseok.Hoseok walked over to him and crouched, rubbing his thumbs over Yoongi’s wet cheeks. “Hyung?”Yoongi moved his eyes to Hoseok’s. He looked so sad. That was all Hoseok could think of to describe it as; sad and empty.“Hyung, are you alright?”Yoongi’s mouth was open slightly, his front teeth just showing. He shook his head slowly, unsurely. Another tear slipped from his eye.“Where’s Jimin-ah?”Yoongi gently moved his head in direction of their bedroom. Hoseok nodded his head, understanding, and stood up. He moved to the bedroom and knocked on the door lightly.“Jiminie? It’s Hobi.”The door opened, Jimin peeking around it. “Hi, Uncle Hobi.”“Hey, sunshine. Will you come out for a moment?”Jimin nodded and walked out of the room. Hoseok took his hand and led him to Yoongi. When they got to the room, Jimin held onto Hoseok tighter and hid behind him.“Sunshine? Why are you hiding? It’s just Daddy.”Jimin shook his head. “Hurt me.”“What?” Hoseok looked at Yoongi, who nodded. “What happened?” Jimin looked away. Hoseok sat down the floor and pulled Jimin into his lap. “Tell me, sunshine. I don’t think Daddy can.”“D—... Yoongi got drunk again last week. He tr- wanted to dri— do it again tonight, Uncle Hobi. I-I wanted to — to stop him! But he yelled and pushed me...”Hoseok looked at Yoongi sadly, who was once again staring somewhere else in the room. “I’m sure he didn’t mean to, Jiminie. Daddy loves you so much, more than anything in this world. Daddy wouldn’t hurt you.”“But — but Daddy did! He did and he’s getting drunk again and — and I hate it!” Jimin shouted. He held Hoseok’s arm tightly, shaking his head.Yoongi flinched and looked at his lap. “I’m sorry,” he croaked quietly.Jimin crossed his arms. He huffed and turned away, angry.Yoongi looked up at him. “I’m sorry, Jimin. Baby, I’m sorry.”Jimin slowly looked over at him.“Daddy should never take his anger out on you. Daddy loves you more than anything. Daddy’s — I’m so sorry,” he said, his voice breaking.Jimin climbed out of Hoseok’s lap and went over to Yoongi. Yoongi opened his arms and hugged Jimin to him.“Okay. I love you too much to be mad at you.”Yoongi looked at him through his tears. “Really?”Jimin nodded with a smile. “Yes, Daddy.”Hoseok smiled from his spot on the floor. He stood up and patted Yoongi’s shoulder. “Bye, Yoon hyung. Bye, sunshine.” He pecked Jimin’s cheek before he exited the apartment, leaving the two on the floor.~“Jiminie, what should Daddy do when he feels like he wants to do bad things?”“Hmm… Daddy should tell me. ‘Cause then I’ll tell you how much I love you! Because Daddy is Siminie’s and I love you so so so so sooo much!”Yoongi kissed Jimin’s nose. “I love you too, baby.”Jimin nuzzled up against Yoongi’s chest, letting Yoongi run his hands through Jimin’s hair.“I’m so lucky to have my prince.”Jimin laughed. “Yeah, you are. Have you seen me, Daddy?”Yoongi snorted softly. He shook his head and rested his chin against Jimin’s hair, sighing contently when Jimin’s small hands held Yoongi’s shirt tighter.



short beach chapter



Jimin and Taehyung ran to the water as Seokjin and Namjoon set up the chairs in the hot sand. Yoongi laid out the blanket with Hoseok and started situating the food. Jungkook was running after the two littles, holding a bottle of sunscreen in his hand and yelling something about sunburn.Yoongi laid down on the blanket almost immediately, throwing a sweatshirt over his eyes to take a nap. Hoseok sat next to him and pulled out a book, giggling occasionally at Jungkook’s failed attempts to protect the littles’ skin.Namjoon and Seokjin sat in the chairs under the umbrella holding hands. They shared a kiss every once in awhile and Seokjin’s head resting on Namjoon’s shoulder the rest of the time.Frankly, Yoongi hated the beach. The sun was too hot, the water too cold, and sand got fucking everywhere. The only reason he had come is because he’d do anything for that fucking boyfriend of his.Said boyfriend came running up to Yoongi, pulling the sweatshirt off his face. Yoongi cursed at the sudden sunlight attacking his eyes.“Daddy, Daddy, Daddy! Come in with me, please! Please, please, please!” Jimin jumped up and down.Yoongi sat up and rubbed his eyes. “Fine, okay.”Jimin squealed and took Yoongi’s hand, tugging him up and running to the water. Yoongi let Jimin pull him, not able to hide his smile.Once they were in the water, they watched Jungkook pick Taehyung up and spin him, just to throw him back into the water. Taehyung stood up and spit out the salty water at Jungkook, who screamed. Taehyung giggled and did it again. A wave took them both under, making Jimin laugh hard enough to fall down.Yoongi used his hands to cup water and proceeding to pour what he could over Jimin’s head. Jimin squealed and splashed him back. Taehyung and Jungkook joined, turning it into a full out war between the four in the ocean.~“God dammit, Jin hyung. Could you not?” Yoongi hissed.Seokjin was spreading aloe along Yoongi’s shoulders roughly. Yoongi had gotten a bad sunburn at the beach. He had been too busy to remember and he thoroughly regretted it.“This is your fault, Yoongi-yah. I warned you.” Yoongi rolled his eyes and hissed again when Seokjin continued to rub at his skin.Jimin walked into the room and smiled at Yoongi. “Hi, Daddy. You look like an angry lobster.”Yoongi spared a small smile. “This isn’t fair. Why didn’t you get sunburnt, baby? Why only me?”“Because Diminie isn’t a snowflake like Daddy is!” Jimin’s eyes squeezed into crescents.Seokjin laughed behind Yoongi. He finished rubbing the aloe into Yoongi’s skin and patted him purposefully, Yoongi choking from the pain. “You’re all done, Yoongi-yah.”Yoongi glared at Seokjin as the eldest left the room. “Thanks,” he snapped.Jimin walked over to Yoongi and kissed his burnt cheeks softly. “I hope Daddy feels all better soon!”“Thank you, baby boy.” Yoongi stole a quick kiss from Jimin’s lips. Jimin smiled and air hugged him as closely as possible, making Yoongi giggle.



syub syub



Jimin was walking down the street to their apartment. He had run to the store to grab some groceries for dinner. As he was rounding a corner, he nearly stepped on a cat. Jimin reflexively jumped over the poor thing to not to hurt it. The cat looked up at him, confused. The small animal wrapped around Jimin’s legs, purring. It was a white kitten with random darker gray patches spread along the fur. It had a dark spot on the very tip of its pink nose.Jimin smiled and bent down, petting the cat. “Hey, little kitty. Are you lost? You look like my Yoongi hyung.” The cat lifted its head and brushed Jimin’s hand. Jimin pet it behind the ears once more. “I’ll see you later, little kitty.”Jimin tried to keep walking, but the cat just followed him.“No, no, kitten. You stay here.” Jimin walked forward, only for the cat to follow him once more.He looked down sternly at the kitten, hands on his hips. “You gotta stay here, little kitty! I can’t bring you home. Yoongi hyung would kill me!”The cat looked at him and tilted its head to the side. It meowed adorably at Jimin.Jimin slipped into little space immediately. He scooped the kitten up, who purred loudly. “Listen here, Mister! You’re gonna get me in a lot of trouble! You better be the best kitty cat ever.”Jimin carried the stray cat home, hiding it in his sweatshirt through the lobby. He walked towards his apartment and opened the door.“Daddyyyy~” he called. He closed the door and kept the cat in his sweatshirt for now.Yoongi got up from the couch the minute he heard Jimin calling him. He nearly jogged over ot the front door. “Yes, baby boy?”“I got Daddy a present,” Jimin giggled.Yoongi tilted his head. He saw a bulge under Jimin’s sweatshirt. “What is it, baby?”“Daddy can’t get mad, okay?” Jimin asked, eyes wide. “Promise?”Yoongi nodded. “Just show Daddy, baby.”Jimin smiled excitedly and pulled out the kitten from his sweatshirt. Yoongi’s jaw dropped as the animal jumped out of Jimin’s arms and onto the carpet, rubbing around Yoongi’s ankles.“Jiminie… What the fuck…”“Isn’t he cute, Daddy?! I met him on the street! He’s a stray and he’s so so cute and I love him so much! Can we keep him, Daddy?” Jimin rubbed his palms together in front of his face pleadingly.Yoongi looked from the cat to Jimin’s eyes. “Jimin, we can’t—“Jimin begged him, his pouty lip coming out to play. “B-But Daddy, I love him! Please, Daddy. I’ll take care of him and I’ll play with him and he’ll keep me safe when you aren’t here! He reminds me of youuu~ Daddyyyy.”Yoongi looked at him sadly. “Fine,” he sighed. He bent down and patted the cat’s soft head. “He’s cute, I guess. But nothing compared to my Jimin.”Jimin smiled and kissed Yoongi. “Thank you, thank you, thank you, Daddy! I love you so so so much! I’ll even let you name him!”Yoongi sighed. “Let me think about it, Jiminie. But we need to get stuff for this damn thing.”Jimin giggled and hugged Yoongi. “Let’s go get stuff, Daddy! Please, pleaseeee~”“Alright, alright,” Yoongi agreed. “Go put the cat in the bathroom, we’ll go quickly.”~Jimin was playing with Syub on the floor. He was using one of those string mouse toys, letting the cat run around excitedly. A litter box was added to their bathroom and a cat bed was added in the corner of their living room. Syub would meow at Jimin every once in awhile, to which Jimin would laugh and pet him.Yoongi looked down at Jimin, smiling at how much Jimin seemed to love the pitiful kitten. Yoongi never liked cats, but this one was kind of growing on him. Jimin picked up the cat and sat on the couch next to Yoongi. After he kissed Yoongi’s cheek, Jimin placed Syub between them. The cat curled up on the cushion. Yoongi reached out to pet the cat hesitantly. The cat purred and curled up against Yoongi’s side.“Daddy, he likes you,” Jimin said. Yoongi smiled and kissed the younger again.Yoongi guessed he could deal with the cat as long as it made Jimin happy.



bad kitten



The cat wasn’t the best idea. Jimin spent all his time with the damn thing, running around and playing with him. Yoongi liked seeing how happy it made him, but he was kind of jealous. Jimin should be cuddling with Yoongi, not Syub. Jimin should be kissing him all over, not Syub.Whether he was in or out of little space, it was the same thing. The only thing that differed was the pitch of Jimin’s happy little squeals.Sure, the kitten was cute. Sure, it seemed to like Yoongi a lot, following him around in the mornings and sleeping near him. But Yoongi would rather have Jimin.Jimin and Yoongi went out for dinner one night for the first time in what felt like forever. Yoongi was so happy, feeding Jimin with his own chopsticks and kissing the sauce from his lips. They spent the dinner cuddled close in their booth and laughing, kissing each other every so often.When they came home, Yoongi turned on the lights to find the entire apartment torn to pieces. The curtains on the windows were clawed, all of their furniture was ripped. Plates and cups were on the floor, some broken. Laying in the middle of the mess was Syub, stomach to the ceiling and meowing at them sweetly.Yoongi balled his hands into fists and struggled to contain his anger. Jimin saw and rubbed his arm.“I’m sure he didn’t mean to, hyung. He’s still a baby.” Jimin ran to the kitten, scooping him up in his arms. He carried Syub over to Yoongi and handed him to the elder.Yoongi hesitated before he took the cat into his own arms.“How could you stay mad at that little face, hyung?”Yoongi held the kitten tighter, staring angrily at the cute face that looked up at him with big blue eyes.“I guess.”Jimin smiled happily and skipped away, leaving Yoongi with the cat.Yoongi leaned closer to Syub and whispered in his ear. “I wanna kill you. But I won’t. You’re cute and Jimin loves you. You lucky fucker.”The kitten meowed once he pulled away. He scratched the cat behind the ears and put him back on the floor. Syub immediately padded away to find Jimin.Yoongi sat on the torn couch, throwing a ripped pillow over his face. Jimin was gonna clean this shit, not him. It was his cat.“Jimin!” he called.The younger came into the room, a pout on his lips. “Hm?”“You clean this shit. It’s your cat and I’m not gonna do it.”Jimin didn’t answer. Yoongi moved the pillow from his face to look at the younger. Jimin was watching the wall, concentrating on something. Yoongi craned his neck to follow his eyes. There was nothing. He looked back to Jimin and the younger finally turned tp him, a bright smile on his face.“Diminie can’t clean!”Yoongi groaned and threw the pillow at Jimin. “You little shit! Ughh.” He covered his face and groaned. “I’m too weak for you,” he muttered. Jimin was too smart and knew exactly when it was convenient for him to slip in.Jimin giggled and ran to the couch, kissing Yoongi’s cheek. “Love you, Daddy.”Yoongi threw him off and kissed him quickly. “Go play with that fucker. Daddy will clean.”Jimin nodded and skipped off to find the cat. Yoongi looked at the mess he now had to clean. He rolled off the couch and landed on the floor. He yelled into the carpet and stood up, getting to work on cleaning the house.



wanna ignore me? fine. no eye contact



Yoongi looked up from his book as his phone rang. Jimin had his head in Yoongi’s lap, holding Syub on his stomach. Yoongi asked Jimin to pass him his phone, which the younger did.“Hello?” Yoongi answered.“Hyung, please come out to dinner with Tae and me,” Jungkook begged. “Tae misses Jimin and keeps throwing tantrums.”Yoongi chuckled silently. “Let me ask him.” He looked down at Jimin, who was looking up at him curiously. “You wanna go to dinner with Tae and Kook?”Jimin gasped excitedly. “Yeah, yeah!” Jimin stood up, much to Syub’s annoyance, and ran around to get ready.“Okay, he said yes. He’s already running - Jimin! Careful! Kook, I gotta — Jiminie!” Yoongi stood. “We’ll be there.” Yoongi threw his phone down and chased after Jimin.~Jungkook and Yoongi were seated across from their littles, watching them play with their straws as they talked. Jimin was rambling to Taehyung about Syub. Taehyung was listening somewhat attentively, chewing absentmindedly on his straw. Jungkook looked exceptionally tired. Yoongi threw his arm around the younger’s shoulders, getting him to relax against his hyung’s shoulder. Their food was brought and everyone looked happy except for Jimin.Jimin smelled his food and made a disgusted face. “Daddy, they put something weird in this.”“Just try it, baby. I’m sure it’ll be fine,” Yoongi tried to reason with him. He wasn’t expecting Jimin to talk back.Jimin pouted. “But I want it the way I like it, Daddy.”Yoongi looked at him, raising his eyebrows. “Jiminie, please try it before you decide you don’t like it.”Jimin pushed the plate away from himself rudely, then crossed his arms. He sat back in his chair and frowned.“Watch yourself, baby. Don’t misbehave,” Yoongi warned. He tapped his food under the table.During this exchange, Jungkook was watching Yoongi. Taehyung was playing around with his food and giggling, completely oblivious.Jimin growled at Yoongi, then moved his eyes to his lap and stayed quiet.“Jimin.”Jimin stayed still and quiet, not acknowledging Yoongi.“Park Jimin, look at me.”Jimin looked up with a scowl. “What?” he snapped.Yoongi immediately reacted, standing up from his seat. Jungkook jumped at how quickly he moved. Yoongi rounded the table and grabbed Jimin’s ear. Jimin squealed and tried to get Yoongi’s fingers off, but Yoongi held on tighter. He lifted Jimin from his seat and pulled him by the ear to the bathroom.People in the restaurant turned to watch Yoongi manhandle Jimin all the way to the bathroom. Jimin was mortified.Yoongi locked the both of them in the bathroom. Jimin’s face was bright red. He played with his fingers and focused on his shoes.“Jimin,” Yoongi said.The younger kept his gaze down. Yoongi put his finger under Jimin’s chin and lifted his face. Jimin reluctantly met Yoongi’s eyes.“Park Jimin. What did you do wrong?” Yoongi demanded strictly.Jimin’s lip quivered. “I-I was rude and t-talked back to Daddy and — and didn’t l-listen to Daddy.”Yoongi raised his eyebrows.“I misbehaved, Daddy. I-I was bad.”Yoongi nodded. “What happens when you’re bad?”Jimin gulped. “Get punished. I deserve a punishment.”“How do you think Daddy should punish you, Jiminie?” Yoongi asked, rubbing Jimin’s cheek with his thumb comfortingly.“D-Daddy should give Diminie kisses.”Yoongi smiled and shook his head. “Nuh-uh. A real punishment.”“Um… Daddy could, um…”“Time’s up. Daddy’s picking a punishment.”Jimin looked up at him with wide eyes, but he nodded.Yoongi cleared his throat. “No eye contact with Daddy for the rest of the night.” Jimin opened his mouth to protest. Yoongi lifted his finger to shush him. “That’s it, no discussion. No eye contact. You didn’t want to look at me before, so you can’t now.”Jimin’s lip quivered again and tears came to his eyes. “That’s weird. And Daddy has pretty eyes.”“I’m not falling for that, baby.” Yoongi moved hair in back of Jimin’s ear. “Only until we get home.”“Can I have one kiss before it starts?” He looked up into Yoongi’s eyes, savouring the look of them.Yoongi nodded and kissed Jimin. Jimin brought his hands up to Yoongi’s collar and held him for longer than Yoongi was planning on. He indulged Jimin, however, knowing how much Jimin hated punishments.Yoongi pulled away and unlocked the door. He led Jimin back to the table and sat him down. Taehyung started trying to play with Jimin. Despite still pouting, Jimin watched Taehyung and played with him.Jungkook looked over at Yoongi. “What was that about?”“Misbehaved. Gotta punish, Kook. They’ll keep acting out if you don’t.”Jungkook nodded and looked back down at his dinner.~Jimin was sitting on the couch, staring down at his lap. He looked so sad that Yoongi couldn’t help but ask him.“Jiminie, baby, what’s wrong?”Jimin kept his face down. “I miss looking at Daddy’s pretty eyes.”Yoongi smiled softly. “We’re home, baby. Do you think you’ve learned your lesson?”Jimin nodded frantically. “Yes, Daddy.”“Good.” Yoongi cupped Jimin’s cheeks and lifted his face. Jimin grinned when he made eye contact with Yoongi. “Better?”“Yes!” Jimin squished Yoongi’s cheeks and studied the colours hidden in Yoongi’s irises. “Pretty.”Yoongi scrunched his nose, making Jimin giggle softly. He pressed his lips to Jimin’s nose and Jimin hummed. The younger cuddled up to Yoongi’s chest and closed his eyes, holding on tightly.



nail polish
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Jimin walked into the room, arms behind his back. Yoongi looked up at him, waiting for him to ask for something. Jimin looked down at his feet and moved them around. Yoongi prompted him to speak.“Daddy, um… C-Could you…” he stammered, looking around.“Jiminie?” Yoongi gave him a gentle look. “You can ask me anything. Go ahead.”Jimin hesitantly pulled out whatever was behind his back and set it on the coffee table. Yoongi looked down at two bottles of nail polish, one a lavender colour and the other a bright but soft pink. Jimin’s cheeks turned a rosy pink when Yoongi met his eyes again.“C-Can Daddy paint D-Diminie’s nails?” Jimin fidgeted with his fingers.Yoongi smiled fondly and patted the couch next to him. Jimin sat down shyly.“Of course, baby boy.”Jimin beamed at him. Yoongi took Jimin’s hand in his and shook the pastel purple nail polish bottle, then opened it. Jimin watched curiously as he painted the nails on Jimin’s left hand. Yoongi was focusing intently on each nail. By the end, he was satisfied.Yoongi held Jimin’s finished hand by the younger’s face. “It fits you perfectly, baby! It’s beautiful.”Jimin giggled and held his other hand out to him. Yoongi painted his right hand as well. Yoongi took Jimin’s hands to his mouth and blew on them. When they were dry, Yoongi kissed each of Jimin’s knuckles.Jimin was grinning. “Can Diminie paint Daddy’s nails too?”Yoongi was reluctant. “Uh… I don’t know, baby…”“Please? Daddy would look so pretty with pink nails! They’d match your hair!” Jimin bounced up and down excitedlyYoongi thought for another moment before letting out a sigh and agreeing. “Sure.”Jimin squealed and pulled Yoongi’s hands to his leg, painting each of his nails carefully. Yoongi watched Jimin’s face as he concentrated, his little pink tongue sticking out of the side of his mouth. He wanted to kiss him so badly, but he knew Jimin would scold him for distracting him from his nails.Jimin looked up to tell Yoongi he was all done and Yoongi took that moment to lean forward and kiss Jimin. Jimin squealed, surprised, and kissed him back sweetly.“Thank you, Jimin. They’re beautiful.”Jimin giggled. “You didn’t even see them yet, Daddy!”Yoongi smiled back. “I don’t need to.” He kissed Jimin again. “You’re always gonna—” Another kiss. “—make everything—” And another. “—beautiful.”Jimin laughed against his mouth. “Why is Daddy kissing me so much?”“Daddy. Loves. His. Jiminie.” He punctuated each word with a kiss.“Daddyyy,” Jimin whined bashfully, hiding his cheeks.Yoongi pulled away, chuckling. He finally looked down at his nails. They were a pretty pink, almost the exact colour of his hair. “I love them, baby.”“Yay,” the younger giggled.“One more kiss?” Yoongi asked, pouting.Jimin leaned forward and kissed Yoongi himself. “Last one! I can only kiss so much!”Yoongi laughed. “Yeah, yeah.” He hugged Jimin to himself and kissed his forehead, playing with his hair.



Chapter End Notes
the next one is uh... Big angst so,,,


accident pt 1



“Y-Yoongi hyung!”Yoongi perked up and got off the couch at Taehyung’s scared tone he could hear from out in the hallway. He immediately opened the door to Taehyung and Jungkook’s apartment and ran through it. Taehyung was running down the hallway, looking frantic. Yoongi waited for Taehyung to reach him. Taehyung fell into Yoongi’s arms, crying.“Taehyung-ah, what’s wrong? What happened?” Taehyung just kept crying. Yoongi pet his hair, trying to calm him. “Taehyungie, you have to tell me.”“Y-Yoongi hyung, we were playing o-outside and J-Jimin—” Taehyung was cut off by the sound of a siren.Yoongi let go of Taehyung and sprinted down the hallway. He descended the flight of stairs, taking three at a time. He could hear Taehyung sniffling and running behind him, but he didn’t turn around.Yoongi ran outside of the apartment building and whipped his head around. He spotted Jungkook near the edge of the road. He was on his knees and running his hands through his hair. Yoongi ran over and pushed Jungkook aside.Jimin was laying on the road, eyes closed. He would have looked almost peaceful if it hadn’t been for the blood on his face and clothes. Yoongi choked back a sob and put his hands on Jimin’s face.Jungkook put his hand on Yoongi’s shoulder. “I-I called the ambulance, hyung. He just r-ran into the s-street.”Yoongi shrugged Jungkook’s hand off. He turned and glared at him, tears in his eyes. “Y-You were w-watching him. You were keeping him safe! What the fuck, Jeon Jungkook?!”Jungkook winced and backed up, holding his hands to his chest. Taehyung wrapped his arms around him. “I’m so sorry, hyung, I-I didn’t -”Yoongi just looked back down at Jimin and pulled the younger into his lap, moving his hair from his pretty face.The ambulance came a few minutes later. They pulled Jimin onto a stretcher and put one of those ugly braces around his neck. Yoongi climbed into the back of the ambulance with him, holding onto his hand. Jungkook and Taehyung tried to follow, but Yoongi glared them down until they retreated and told him they’d meet him at the hospital.The paramedics were in the back with Yoongi, trying to talk to him. He just held onto Jimin’s hand and stared at his boyfriend’s face quietly.~Yoongi woke up, his back cramping on him. He groaned as he stretched it out, arms above his head. He had been sleeping in the hospital chair for only a few hours. Jimin was stable, had been awake once, but Yoongi hadn’t been in the room. He cursed himself for that.Jimin suffered a few broken ribs, a broken arm, plus some deep scratches. He would be okay after about a month, but the pain in his ribs was severe. The doctors kept him sleeping for a while with whatever drug they were using because of how much pain he was in. When he was woken up, he couldn’t even talk because of the pain.Yoongi was fiddling with his sock when Jungkook and Taehyung knocked on the open door, asking permission to come in. Yoongi glanced up at them and looked back down to his sock.The two at the door took that as an invitation in. Taehyung rushed inside and started crying again when he saw his hyung in the bed. Jungkook walked over to Yoongi and sat in the chair next to him.“Is he gonna be okay?” Taehyung asked, terrified.Yoongi simply nodded. Taehyung let out a deep breath and stayed by Jimin’s side. He rested his palm on top of Jimin’s hand and stared at his unconscious face.“Hyung…” Jungkook muttered. Yoongi looked up at him. “I’m really… really sorry…”Yoongi shook his head. “It wasn’t your fault. I shouldn’t have blamed you.”Jungkook nodded and looked down. He knew Yoongi was being sincere, but he blamed himself anyway.~Jungkook and Taehyung went down to the cafeteria to grab food for themselves and Yoongi. While Yoongi was alone in the room, he noticed Jimin shifting.He practically fell out of his chair to get to Jimin’s bedside. Jimin’s hand opened and Yoongi laced his fingers with the younger’s, hoping to wake him up finally.Jimin just let out a deep breath and stayed still. Tears sprang to Yoongi’s eyes. He sniffled and kissed Jimin’s forehead, moving back to his chair to wait once more.~“Why hasn’t he woken up? You told me he would wake up! Why?!” Yoongi yelled.The doctor put both of his hands up, trying to calm Yoongi. It had the opposite effect. Yoongi wanted to snap all of his fingers in half.“Don’t worry, sir. I’m sure he will be awake soon.”Yoongi could have growled at him. “He better fucking be.”“Sir, I’m afraid I can’t—”“He better be fucking awake and okay soon, or you and everyone in this goddamn hospital will fucking pay. If you did something to him—”“I assure you we wouldn’t hurt him. You just need to have patience, sir.” The doctor’s eyes pleaded with him to understand.Yoongi pointed at the door. “Get out.”“Sir, I—”“Get. Out.”The doctor sighed and turned away, leaving the room. Yoongi growled under his breath and went next to Jimin’s bed. He held the younger’s face in his hands and kissed his forehead gently, sniffling quietly.



accident pt 2



They were all in the room when Jimin finally woke up. Yoongi immediately rushed to his side when he saw Jimin’s eyelashes flutter.He held Jimin’s hand in his, lacing their fingers. Jimin looked up at Yoongi, his eyes glossed over.“Hey, Jimin-ah.” He kept his voice quiet. “How do you feel, sweetheart?”Jimin licked his lips and looked around the room. Taehyung and Jungkook were sitting in a chair together, hugging. Hoseok was standing, frozen, like he had been pacing before Jimin woke up. Seokjin and Namjoon were sitting down, Seokjin looking like he had just woken up. Jimin met Yoongi’s eyes.“I’m… okay…”Yoongi laughed, his eyes filling with tears again. “Yeah?”“Yeah.” Jimin smiled.Yoongi kissed Jimin’s head. “I’m glad.”Jimin’s eyes suddenly watered. He sniffled quietly and looked down at his lap. He squeezed Yoongi’s hand and whispered a soft, “Daddy.”Yoongi nodded, expecting Jimin to slip into little space at a time like this. “Yes, baby?” He brushed Jimin’s hair, hoping to tell him it was okay.“Everything hurts, Daddy…”Yoongi nodded again. “I know, baby. It’ll be okay soon. Daddy will see if they can give you better medicine.”“Th-thank you, Daddy. But why am I here?” Jimin asked, looking around again. Everyone was quiet, watching the two at the bed.“You don’t remember?” Yoongi responded carefully.Jimin shook his head and rested his head against Yoongi.“You got hit by a car, baby.” When Jimin tensed, Yoongi spoke again. “You’re fine, you’ll be okay. I promise.” Yoongi swallowed his tears and kissed Jimin’s forehead.Jimin took a minute before nodding. “Can Daddy cuddle me?”Yoongi’s lip quivered. “I can’t, baby. It’d hurt. It’d hurt a lot.”The older watched as Jimin’s eyes got wider and he made himself smaller, presumably slipping further in due to the stress. “Diminie wants Daddy…”Yoongi couldn’t help the tears. Seokjin ran over and rubbed Yoongi’s back immediately. “I wanna cuddle you too, baby boy. I can’t. I’m sorry.”“Daddy won’t hurt me… He wouldn’t. Please?” Jimin mumbled, bringing his hands up to rub them together slowly.Yoongi looked at Seokjin. He was giving Yoongi a disapproving expression. He looked back down at Jimin and smiled. “Once we get your meds, we’ll see.”Jimin smiled, a tear slipping down the side of his face. Yoongi kissed the tear away.~“Daddy, please. It doesn’t hurt anymore.” Jimin smiled through the pain.“Jiminie, don’t lie to Daddy.” He could see the pain in the way Jimin held himself up and tried not to wince.“Diminie needs Daddy… to feel better…” Jimin pouted, about to cry again.Yoongi kissed him again. “Okay, baby,” he sighed.“Really?!” Jimin smiled.“Shhh. We’ll see.”Jimin nodded frantically. Yoongi rounded the bed and carefully slid his arms around Jimin’s waist. “I’m so sorry, baby boy,” he said, trying to prepare him. He moved Jimin to the side as gently as he could.Jimin sucked in a sharp breath. Yoongi froze until he said, “I’m okay, Daddy. I promise.”Yoongi nodded and smiled. “Okay.” The elder walked to the other side of the bed. As he was climbing into the sheets, a nurse came in.“Sir, you can’t—!”“Fucking watch me,” he snapped. He slid under the sheets and threw his arm over Jimin’s stomach carefully, nosing the side of Jimin’s head just behind his ear.“Sir, I’m going to have to ask you to leave now—”“You’re really funny,” Yoongi laughed at her, cuddling closer to his ecstatic boyfriend. “Why don’t you leave now?”The nurse grumpily turned on her heel and stalked away. Jimin giggled and Yoongi kissed his temple.“No one’s taking Daddy from his baby. Okay?”Jimin nodded happily and rested his head on Yoongi’s shoulder.~Yoongi and Jimin fell asleep like that, Jimin with a smile on his face. When everyone else came back in, they smiled at the couple on the bed and sat down quietly, spreading some colouring books at the table next to the bed and laying a new package of sparkly crayons on top.Yoongi woke up, looking over at them with his eyes only half open. Seokjin gave him another warning look, but Yoongi just smiled and closed his eyes again, falling asleep holding onto Jimin.~It had been over a month in the hospital. People in Jimin’s condition would have normally been discharged already. But Jimin was still there, lying in bed all day, getting antsy.“Why can’t he get up and walk?!” Yoongi yelled. “Why is he still here?!”The doctor had brought Yoongi out of the room to keep him from scaring Jimin. Seokjin heard his yelling and came out, knowing Yoongi wouldn’t be able to stop himself if he snapped.“We’re afraid we may have missed something to do with his spine.”Yoongi rubbed his face, trying not to cry. “What the fuck does that even mean? How could you miss something?!”“It means, sir, that if we discharge him too soon, he wouldn’t be able to walk again. And we really don’t want that.”Yoongi could have killed the guy. He moved towards the doctor, but Seokjin grabbed his arm. “Are you people fucking idiots?! Fucking… Fucking do something about it then!”“We’re trying, sir. I promise. We’ll check him out again later.”Yoongi pointed his finger in the man’s face, trying to yell at him. He halted before his face broke and he sobbed. Seokjin pulled Yoongi to him, letting him cry on his shoulder. Seokjin nodded, letting the doctor know he should leave.The doctor nodded and walked away.“What am I g-gonna do?” Yoongi asked through his tears.“It’ll be okay, Yoongi-ah. Nothing’s for sure.” Seokjin rubbed his back.“But what i-if it is, hyung? What will I do? What will I tell him?” Yoongi grabbed Seokjin’s shirt and sobbed harder.“We’ll figure it out. I promise. It’ll be okay.”“How will he dance..?”“Yoongi-ah,” Seokjin sighed. “Stop worrying. It won’t help.”Yoongi nodded and wiped his face. He took a shaky breath and sighed. “Okay. Yeah. You’re right. Thank you, Jinnie hyung.”Seokjin smiled at the affection. “Let’s go see, Jiminie. Okay?”Yoongi nodded and let Seokjin lead him into the room by his hand. He wiped his tears with his shirt before Jimin could see him.~Jimin had been checked on three times before evening. They kept doing things to his side, ribs and back. It hurt him a little, he only winced once in awhile, but Yoongi still wanted to kill them for touching him.The doctor pulled Yoongi out of the room to talk with him. Seokjin followed once more. Yoongi was shaking.“Sir, we checked out everything. This time, we made sure not to miss anything. We—”“Can’t you just tell me?!” Yoongi shouted, fed up with waiting.The doctor sighed heavily through his nose. “Nothing’s wrong with his back. He’ll just be sore for a while. I suggest waiting for a few months before dancing, but that’s it.”Yoongi breathed out shakily. “Oh, thank God.” Seokjin reached out and rubbed his shoulders. “Thank you.”The doctor nodded. “We can discharge him tomorrow morning.” He walked away to go on to other patients.Yoongi looked at Seokjin happily. He almost started crying again.“I told you, Yoon-ah. It’s okay.”“Yeah,” Yoongi agreed. “Can I go cuddle my boyfriend now?”Seokjin smiled and nodded. Yoongi walked back into the room and climbed into bed.“What was that about, Daddy?” Jimin asked, looking up at him.“Nothing, baby boy. Just sleep. We get to go home tomorrow.” Yoongi kissed his temple.Jimin nodded, smiling, and cuddled up to Yoongi.



tattoo
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Jimin was bouncing on the balls of his feet, excited for Yoongi to open the door to their apartment. He hadn’t seen Syub in ages. The second Yoongi opened the door, Jimin ran through as fast as he could without hurting himself.The cat was waiting at the door for him. He was meowing loudly, reaching up on his back legs. When Jimin squealed and leaned down to pick him up, Syub jumped into his arms and purred. Yoongi smiled and closed the door, hugging Jimin from behind.“I’m so glad you’re home,” Yoongi whispered against Jimin’s hair.Jimin let the cat go and turned around, hugging Yoongi tightly. Syub walked around Jimin’s legs and rubbed against them. “Me too, Daddy.”Yoongi kissed Jimin gently as he held his cheeks. “Don’t you ever do that again, baby. You scared the shit out of me.”Jimin smiled sadly. “I’m sorry, Daddy. I just got distracted! I won’t do it again!”“Good. I don’t know what I’d do without you.” Yoongi sighed. He rested his forehead against the younger’s.Jimin giggled. “I’m tired, Daddy.”“That’s okay, baby boy. C’mere, you can nap.” Yoongi kissed Jimin again and brought him over to the couch. Yoongi sat down in his place and grabbed his book. He opened it and waited.Jimin happily jumped up on the couch and rested his head on Yoongi’s lap. Yoongi dropped his hand and played with Jimin’s hair, feeling the younger relax. Yoongi traced the new small scar on his forehead with his finger gently as the younger fell asleep.~Everyone ended up coming over for dinner to celebrate Jimin’s discharge. Taehyung was squealing and jumping around when he met Syub for the first time. Everyone demanded a hug from Jimin and Jungkook made a point to hug him for a good ten minutes.After dinner, they were all sitting around the television watching some movie Yoongi wasn’t paying attention to. He was too busy itching his ankle and fiddling with his sock.The movie ended and Yoongi stood up quickly, turning off the television. Everyone looked at him curiously because of how fast he had sprung out of his seat. “I have… something…” Yoongi said nervously. They all looked up at him expectantly, making his stomach sink.Jimin noticed him fidgeting. “Daddy, just say it.” He smiled encouragingly. “It can’t be anything that bad.”Yoongi glanced at Jimin and nodded. He took a deep breath and decided to get it over with.“I got a tattoo.”Seokjin yelled at him first. “You what?!Yoongi shut his eyes tightly as they all yelled at him, everyone excited but Seokjin. When they settled down, he opened one of his eyes to look at Jimin.Jimin was staring at him with his head tilted to the side. “What is it, Daddy?”Yoongi gulped and brought his knee into the air. He pulled up his pants and pulled down his sock. On his ankle was a date in beautiful numbers in calligraphic font.Everyone stared at it, confused. “What does it mean?” Jungkook asked.Jimin stood up and walked over to Yoongi, running his fingers over his ankle gently. “Is… Is it..?” He looked up at his boyfriend with wide eyes.Yoongi nodded, smiling a bit. Jimin quickly wrapped his arms around Yoongi, hugging him as tightly as he could. Yoongi hugged him back, tucking his face into Jimin’s neck.“Well? What does it mean?” Hoseok asked.Jimin turned around to face their friends. They were all staring at them excitedly. Yoongi wrapped his arms around Jimin from behind, not wanting to let him go.“It’s the date Daddy and I met!” Jimin said. He held on to Yoongi’s arms that spread across his chest.“Awww!” Hoseok, Namjoon, and Taehyung all yelled.Hoseok jumped up from his seat and bounced happily. “That’s so cute!”Yoongi smiled against Jimin’s neck. “I got it just before the accident. I was gonna surprise you that day, but… that didn’t work out too well.”Jimin laughed. He turned to face Yoongi again and kissed him. “I love it so so much, Daddy! Did it hurt? Can we get matching tattoos? Please, please, please?”Seokjin groaned behind them. “You two are crazy.” In a whisper, he added, “but cute.”Jimin looked at Yoongi’s tattoo again. “Daddy, I really love it. I really love you.”Yoongi cupped Jimin’s face and kissed him. Everyone “aww”d at first, but as it continued, “ew”s filled the room and someone threw a pillow at them, making Jimin giggle.“Can we watch another movie, Daddy?”Yoongi smiled and nodded. “As long as I can cuddle my you,” he whispered.Jimin nodded his head enthusiastically, pulling Yoongi down on the floor and cuddling up in the elder’s lap. Yoongi let someone turn on the television again as he held Jimin tightly to him, rubbing soft patterns onto his tummy.



Chapter End Notes
as a jonghyun bias, this was unexpected and painful. i know i'm not alone, but. i don't know. he was open about a lot of things he went through. but this was still very unexpected. i miss him dearly and it's going to take time. i'm trying, but there's a lot going on right now. don't expect a ton of updates for a little bit. i just. miss my jjong.


tattoo pt 2



“Are you sure it won’t hurt that much, hyung?”“For the thousandth time,” Yoongi sighed with a smile, “it feels like cat scratches. You’ve gotten plenty of those from Syubbie. If you’re really sure, then you’ll be fine. Are you sure, Jiminie?” Yoongi glanced at Jimin, then looking back at the road. “It’s not a really obvious place but tattoos aren’t exactly… legal.”“Yeah, I’m sure, hyung. I really am.” Jimin smiled and rubbed at his wrist. “It’ll be worth the pain. It might even look badass with my scar.” Jimin held up his hand and inspected the stitches scar from the glass incident.Yoongi chuckled. “No matter what, anything will look badass on you, Jimin-ah. Especially with your chubby cheeks.”Jimin blushed and covered his cheeks with his hands. “Stop it, hyung,” he whined.“Aww, Jiminie. I love your fluffy little cheeks.” He begged, “Don’t hide them, baby.”Jimin smiled and looked at his lap. “Whatever, Yoon. Shhh.”~They pulled into the driveway of Yoongi’s friends’ house. Yoongi and Jimin got out of the car and the younger took Yoongi’s hand. They made their way to the door and Yoongi knocked a few times.“I still can’t believe you got that tattoo from a friend of yours.” Jimin rubbed his thumb over Yoongi’s fingers nervously.Yoongi snorted. “Yeah, but you’re about to get one too.”“Yeah. You’re right.” Jimin laughed at his own hypocrisy.Yoongi’s friend opened the door. “Hey, Yoon!” He looked over at Jimin. “Jimin, right? I’m Chanyeol.” He extended his hand towards Jimin. He had a bright, friendly grin on his face. He was taller than both of them and covered in tattoos.Jimin shook his hand nervously. “Hi.” He gave him a smile and watched him closely. His whole demeanor was chill and completely laid back. Jimin relaxed.“Come on in, guys, and we’ll get you that tattoo.” Chanyeol smiled sweetly and led them inside.~Jimin looked at the walls in the room. They were covered in all different tattoo designs and framed pictures of people with the tattoos themselves. Jimin’s mouth kind of gaped as he looked around. There were also displays and posters of piercings.“Wow, Chanyeol hyung. You’re so talented. You do piercings too?” Jimin asked. “Thank you, Jimin! You’re too kind. Yes, I do needle piercings.” Chanyeol smiled. “Do you know what you’d want?”“I want a matching tattoo to Yoongi hyung’s, but on my wrist if that’s okay.”Chanyeol nodded. “Alright, done! Same script and everything?”“Yeah. That’d be great.”Yoongi rubbed Jimin’s back as the two talked, happy that Jimin had liked his surprise enough to want to get one himself.“Alright. Let’s get you seated.” Chanyeol led Jimin to the chair and sat him down. “Ever gotten a tattoo before, Jimin-ah?”Jimin shook his head. His eyes scrunched up. He was playing with his fingers and switched to scratching the back of his neck.“Nervous?” Chanyeol asked, getting out his supplies.“A little,” Jimin shrugged. He bit his lip, enough to make it bleed. Chanyeol smiled that bright grin of his once again. “Don’t be. It won’t hurt that much.” Chanyeol started sanitizing Jimin’s wrist.The situation hit him fully then. Jimin smiled even though his stomach started to turn. He reached out his other hand to Yoongi blindly, who took it immediately. Chanyeol didn’t notice, or if he did, he didn’t say anything. Yoongi kissed Jimin’s hand as Chanyeol winked at Jimin and gave him a countdown.Jimin looked over at Yoongi with worried eyebrows and mouthed “Daddy”. Yoongi nodded and smiled softly.“It’ll be okay, Jiminie.” Yoongi squeezed Jimin’s hand and kissed his knuckles reassuringly.~“That was so easy! It barely hurt at all! I love it.” Jimin squealed, looking at the irritated tattoo on his wrist.Yoongi kissed his cheek. “It looks great, honey.” Yoongi looked up at Chanyeol and sighed with a smile. Thanks, Chan hyung. How much do I owe you?”Chanyeol waved his hand. He crossed his arms and tilted his head to the side, smiling. “It’s nothing. On me.”“You sure?” Yoongi pressed. He looked down at Jimin again, who was smiling brightly at his wrist. Chanyeol really deserved the money.Chanyeol nodded sincerely. “Totally.”“Thank you so much, Channie hyung!” Jimin looked up at Chanyeol with awe.The oldest grinned, a little stunned at how beautiful Jimin’s smile was. “I should get another one, Daddy,” Jimin exclaimed. “On my entire back or something. Like a tough tiger! I bet Taetae would love that.”Chanyeol barely batted an eyelid. Jimin kept smiling up at Yoongi despite the way Yoongi’s smile faltered.He hesitated a moment before shaking his head. “You’re very funny, Jimin-ah.”“No, Daddy! I’m not kidding! What about one on the back of my neck or my chest? Wouldn’t that look great?” Jimin bounced in his seat, clearly excited by the idea. He didn’t even realize the mistake he kept making.“You’re kidding me, right, babe?” Yoongi put his hands on the back of Jimin’s chair.“Of course not.” Jimin pouted. “Can I, Daddy? Please?”Yoongi’s hands tightened on the chair at the name. He shook his head again. “Absolutely not.”Jimin continued to frown. “What about a piercing then? Like a, um… Channie, what are those nose thingies called? In the middle?” Jimin asked, turning to Chanyeol. He poked his nose a few times.Chanyeol giggled good-naturedly at him, disregarding everything. “Septum.”“Yeah, that!” Jimin said. “Can I?”Yoongi looked at him like he was insane. “What? Baby, no!”Jimin pouted and sunk down in his chair. “You never let me do anything fun, Daddy.”“What do you mean?! I just let you get a tattoo! And I let you have a cat named fucking Syub.”“You act like you didn’t pick the name out yourself, Daddy!” Jimin convicted.Chanyeol snorted and turned to Yoongi. “Syub? Really, Yoon?”Yoongi blushed a bit. “It’s… a good name!”Chanyeol waved him off, laughing. “It’s alright. I think you should listen to your Daddy, Jiminie. He seems to know what he’s talking about.”Jimin sighed and nodded. “I guess you’re right. Thank you, Channie hyung.”Chanyeol patted his shoulder. “Anytime, Jiminie. When Daddy says it’s okay, of course.”Yoongi looked at Chanyeol thankfully. Chanyeol just nodded with a slight smile.“Let’s go, Jiminie.” He kissed Jimin’s forehead.Jimin nodded. He jumped out of the chair and held his hands behind his back. “Mm’kay, Daddy.”Chanyeol led them back to the door. Jimin and Yoongi said their goodbyes and got into the car. Chanyeol waved before he closed the door.Yoongi held out his hand, asking to see Jimin’s hand. Jimin gave it to him happily. Yoongi kissed the red, puffy skin around the ink carefully.“Thank you, Daddy.”Yoongi smiled. He pulled the car out of the driveway and started on the way back home.“Oh, and you will definitely be getting a punishment for talking back so much.”Jimin groaned and threw his head back against the seat. Yoongi chuckled and drove them home.



(s)mall trip [get it its a pun okay bye]



“Ji-Jiminie — would you — stop!” Yoongi complained as Jimin kept piling up the clothes in the elder’s arms. Yoongi knew it was a bad idea to go to the mall with him. He was always forced to be the younger’s shopping cart.Jimin just laughed and put three more shirts on the growing pile. “You came along willingly.”Yoongi groaned. “Whatever. Just go try this shit on. My arms are cramping.”“You’ve literally been holding it for like five minutes.” Jimin turned to find the changing rooms.“They started cramping thirty seconds in,” Yoongi justified quietly as he reluctantly followed the younger.~“Okay, but why do I have to hold your shit?” Yoongi asked. They were now walking through the mall, Yoongi holding every bag except for the smallest one, which was in Jimin’s hands.“I have small hands, hyung.” Yoongi rolled his eyes and Jimin kissed his cheek. “You’re very sweet for putting up with me.”“What else am I supposed to do?” Yoongi mumbled. “You’re lucky I love you.”“I know,” Jimin giggled. He grinned at Yoongi, who just rolled his eyes again.“Hold this, hyung.” Jimin handed Yoongi his bag. “I’m going to the bathroom.”Yoongi grabbed the bag and whined in the back of his throat. “Yeah, yeah. Just go.” Jimin gave him another kiss.Jimin skipped away to the bathrooms. Yoongi walked over to a provided chair and put the bags down, stretching out his back. He yawned, then jumped when someone touched his shoulder.He whipped around, facing a slightly taller male. Yoongi, once he realized who it was, smiled excitedly.“Yoongi hyung!” Kihyun yelled. He pulled Yoongi into a tight hug.“Hey, Kihyun-ah.” Yoongi closed his eyes as he hugged Kihyun back with a soft grin.Jimin walked out of the bathroom, looking for Yoongi. He spotted his strawberry hair as the other man pulled away from the hug and kissed Yoongi’s cheek. Jimin froze, the smile falling from his face. His eyes darted around sadly and he dropped his head as he walked back towards the bathroom, hoping Yoongi hadn’t seen him.“What are you doing here, hyung? I haven’t seen you in forever!” Kihyun said.“Ugh,” he muttered as he wiped his cheek. One side of his mouth moved into a smile when Kihyun chuckled at the action. “I’m here with my boyfriend. What’ve you been up to?”“I’m just getting — wait, boyfriend? Ooh, who’s the lucky guy? He’s here? Where is he?” Kihyun looked around, trying to find someone. “I want to meet him!”“He’s in the bathroom. How’s your music going?” Yoongi rubbed his arm with his opposite hand, hoping Jimin would return soon. Kihyun was nice, but Yoongi wasn’t really good at talking to people like this.“It’s going great! I just finished a few more songs, along with some for a partner of mine. Yours?” Kihyun asked.Yoongi shrugged. “As good as expected.”“That’s so good, Yoongi hyung. It was so great to see you. I missed you so much. Text me more, alright? We’ll work on music together.”Yoongi nodded, smiling a bit. “That actually sounds really good. I will.”Kihyun smiled and patted his shoulder. “Talk to you later, hyung.” He walked off with a wave.Yoongi waved back before awkwardly returned back to the seat. He sat down beside the bags and pulled out his phone.After about ten more minutes, Yoongi was growing worried. He got up, not caring enough about the bags to bring them. He walked down a little hallway to the bathrooms.“Jiminie?” he called as he walked inside. He looked around, seeing all of the stalls open. For a public restroom, it was unbelievably empty. He crouched down and looked under the sinks.Jimin was curled into a ball, head in his knees under the ceramic sinks. Yoongi walked over to him and crouched in front of the younger, one hand on the sink to support him.“Jimin, baby, what’s wrong?” Yoongi asked, reaching out his other hand to rub Jimin’s leg.Jimin shrugged his shoulders. He wasn’t meeting Yoongi’s eyes. Yoongi bit his lip nervously.“Come on, Jiminie. Come out from under there and we can talk.” Yoongi tried his best to coerce his boyfriend, but Jimin wasn’t falling for it.“I don’t wanna talk, Daddy,” Jimin mumbled, his knees muffling his words. Yoongi’s face dropped further at the highness of his voice.Yoongi sat on the floor in front of him. “How can Daddy help if you don’t talk?”Jimin shrugged again.“Baby, give me your hand.”Jimin reluctantly reached out his hand to Yoongi.“There you go, baby boy. Come on out.” Yoongi helped Jimin get out from under the sinks and pulled him up.Yoongi helped him stand steadily by holding his waist. Jimin kept his gaze down, avoiding Yoongi’s eyes still.“Will you look at me, button?” Yoongi held Jimin’s cheeks in his palms.Jimin looked up at him, searching his eyes curiously. There were tears swimming in the corners and Yoongi could feel his heart beginning to ache.“What’s wrong, Jimin?”Jimin’s lip trembled before gathered the courage to speak. “Daddy hugged someone that wasn’t Jiminie or Taetae or Kookie or Seokjin or… and they kissed Daddy and…”Yoongi hung his head as he finally understood. “Baby, that was just Kihyun.”“K-Kihyun?” Jimin asked, eyes wide. He tilted his head.“Yoo Kihyun. I’ve known him for a few years now. We went to school together and we were close. Kinda lost touch. That’s it, baby. I promise.” Yoongi brushed Jimin’s hair behind his ear.“Why did he kiss Daddy then?”“That kid’s affectionate as all hell with me. He once threw confetti at me in class, too.”Jimin giggled at that. Yoongi smiled and kissed Jimin’s smiley lips gently.“Let’s go home, okay? Daddy wants to cuddle his little one.”Jimin nodded and hugged Yoongi tightly, breathing in his comforting scent. Yoongi led him out to the chair and picked up their bags. Jimin even carried some too. Yoongi threw his arm over Jimin’s shoulder, keeping him close as they walked from the mall.



amusement(less) park



Yoongi, feet up on the coffee table, took another drink of his soda. Jungkook was curled up on the couch, laying on his side as he watched the two littles play on the ground. He was smiling, staring at Taehyung’s pretty expressions.Yoongi stood up, patting Jungkook’s leg. “Come on, help me make lunch.”Jungkook nodded and followed Jungkook into the kitchen. Yoongi pulled out some rice and noodles. Jungkook jumped up on the counter.“Daddy!”Both Yoongi and Jungkook perked up at the same time. “Yes?” they both called. Jungkook snapped his mouth shut, realizing his mistake. Yoongi glanced at him with his eyebrows scrunched in confusion.Jimin came into the kitchen. “Daddy, what are you making?”Yoongi smiled at him. “Kimbap first for a snack and then jjigae.”Jimin squealed. “Yay!” He ran back into the living room to play.Yoongi directed his gaze over to Jungkook on the counter. A blush was spread along his cheekbones and he was looking at the floor, swinging his feet. Yoongi snorted quietly at the youngest and continued his cooking.~Their lunch was full of Jimin’s humming and Taehyung’s antics. After, they all packed up the car and began driving to the amusement park nearby per the littles’ request. Jimin and Taehyung were bouncing in their seats, talking about everything they could do once they got there.The two caregivers carried multiple backpacks each full of everything they could possibly need for a few hours as they walked into the park. Once inside, they watched as their boys ran from ride to ride dizzily, both of them eager to ride as many as they could before leaving.Towards the end of their time at the park, Jimin and Taehyung were distracted by all the enticing sugary, unhealthy food around them. Yoongi and Jungkook vehemently denied their begging. However, they finally gave up after two hours of constant whining.“Can we go on one more ride before we go home, Daddy? Please?” Jimin requested, using his best big doe eyes on Yoongi.Yoongi shook his head. “You just ate a bunch of nasty food. You’ll get sick.”Taehyung and Jimin both whined. Yoongi finally waved them off, allowing them to go on the ride, figuring they could learn their lesson the hard way if they wanted to continue to not listen.~Taehyung was laying on the couch while Jungkook patted a cool cloth on his forehead. Yoongi was in his room with Jimin, doing the same with ten times gentler fingers.After the two had gone on the last ride, they had both gotten sick in the nearest bins to the exit. Yoongi tried his best not to tell them he had been right and rub it in their faces since they both felt pretty shitty. Instead, the caregivers had led their boys from the park and settled them into the car. Yoongi had driven carefully the rest of the way home.Yoongi came out of the bedroom and closed the door behind him. He motioned for Jungkook to follow him into the kitchen, which the younger did immediately.“Do you wanna bring Tae home, Jungkook-ah? He might end up feeling better.” He kept his voice low. Bothering both of their headaches from the sugar crash would only make them feel worse.Jungkook considered it and agreed. “Yeah, I’ll get him home. Thanks, hyung.” He frowned at the thought of having to carry Taehyung and jostle him too much.Yoongi followed Jungkook back into the living room and watched as he went over to Taehyung and woke him up. Taehyung whined brokenly and wrapped his arms around Jungkook’s neck immediately. Jungkook sighed and carried him, meticulously choosing his steps. Yoongi waved goodbye and went back to the bedroom to check on Jimin, trusting Jungkook to lock the door behind him.~Yoongi let Jimin rest for a while so he could make the younger some soup he’d be able to keep down. When it was finished, he brought it to the younger in their bedroom. He sat an incredibly sleepy and pale Jimin up and pulled a pillow into his lap. The soup was balanced on the pillow. Jimin sleepily thanked him.“You’re welcome, little prince. Are you feeling any better?” Yoongi used his fingers to delicately brush through his hair.Jimin smiled and nodded. “A little.”Yoongi kissed his forehead and cheek. “Good. Eat your soup, I’m sure you’ll feel even better.”Jimin ate his soup as Yoongi rubbed his shoulders lightly. After, Jimin gave his dish to Yoongi, who brought it back to the kitchen. Upon entering the bedroom again, Jimin had fallen asleep. Yoongi smiled and got into the bed as well, holding Jimin to him. He kissed his warm cheek softly, not wanting to wake him up, and placed his face in Jimin’s hair, breathing in the smell of shampoo as he fell asleep.



morning cuddles



Yoongi awoke to sunshine spilling through the window. His body felt warm and utterly relaxed. He smiled up at the ceiling. He never felt this good after waking up. He glanced down to where Jimin was curled up against him, his arm thrown across Yoongi’s stomach. Jimin’s lips were parted as he breathed softly and his black hair was messy around his closed eyes. Yoongi looked farther down to where their legs were entwined, not being able to tell which legs were whose.Yoongi slowly reached his hand up and let it run through Jimin’s hair gently. The silky strands snagged on Yoongi’s fingers. He positioned himself different so he was a bit lower on the bed, eye level to Jimin.The elder brushed his fingertips along Jimin’s cheek and jaw, memorizing every freckle and small imperfection on the younger’s face. His skin was a bit stubbly, meaning he would need to shave when he woke up. Yoongi loved it though, and he ran the back of his hand along the rough hair.Yoongi’s hand reached Jimin’s ear and he played with it softly. Their skin contrasted greatly, being the perfect opposites of each other. Where Yoongi’s milky skin ended, Jimin’s honey skin began. Soft puffs of Jimin’s breath tickled Yoongi’s nose. He dropped his hand down to the younger’s waist and rubbed soothing circles on his hip.Yoongi looked at him for a few minutes more before leaning forward and kissing his forehead. The kissed dragged out for a few seconds before he moved down to the tip of his nose, kissing it as lightly as he could. Yoongi pulled back, looking at Jimin’s perfect eyes, and thought of how endearing they were when Jimin smiled. He kissed them as well, feeling the younger’s soft, thick lashes against his lips.He kissed Jimin’s cheekbones as well, not being able to resist the small bit of structure under his chubby cheeks. Finally, he reached Jimin’s mouth and kissed his plush lips tenderly. He felt Jimin wake up and hesitate before leaning into the kiss.Yoongi leaned back. “Good morning, angel.” He looked into Jimin’s dark chocolate eyes, trying to learn every small pop of colour in the iris.“Good morning, hyung.” Jimin laughed breathily. “Why do you always kiss me awake like that?”Yoongi couldn’t keep the smile off his face if he tried. “You’re too perfect to be woken up any other way.”Jimin’s eyes crinkled as he blushed. “S-Stop it, hyung.”Yoongi shook his head subtly, pulling Jimin even closer. “I refuse.” Yoongi kissed him again, longer this time. “I love you too much.”“I love you too, hyung, but you’re getting mushy on me.” Jimin smiled brightly at Yoongi.The elder laughed softly as he realized he was right. “See what you’ve done to me?” He captured Jimin’s lips between his once more. “You’ve turned me into some drama character.”Jimin shrugged. “Guess so.”Yoongi pulled Jimin even closer, if that was possible, so their bodies were flush against each other. He winded his fingers through Jimin’s hair, tugging at it lightly like Jimin loved. He used his leverage to plant as many kisses on Jimin’s irresistible lips as he could. To Jimin’s credit, he went through it just as enthusiastically.Slowly, Yoongi swiped his tongue against Jimin’s bottom lip. Jimin responded immediately by opening his lips further. Yoongi smiled into the kiss and dipped his tongue into Jimin’s awaiting mouth, searched around regardless of how well he already knew it. The elder really took his time, finding every ridge and crevice of the younger’s mouth, knowing enough details he could probably draw a map of Jimin’s mouth, as silly as it sounded.Jimin’s tongue against his was pure bliss. Jimin sighed into the kiss, causing his spine to tingle. The butterflies in Yoongi’s stomach had never seemed to have gone away, no matter how much time Yoongi spent with Jimin, how long they’ve known each other. It seemed the opposite really, his stomach coming alive with winged tickles, his chest tightening happily each time he simply laid eyes on his boyfriend.As the two continued to kiss, Yoongi ran a hand down Jimin’s side. His hand dipped at the younger’s waist before moving to the small of his back. Jimin picked up his hands and placed them at Yoongi’s neck, pulling him deeper into the kiss. Yoongi allowed him this freedom and paid him back with a quick swipe of his tongue along Jimin’s bottom teeth. He felt Jimin shiver against him, opening his mouth wider.The elder picked up his hand from Jimin’s back and moved the raven hair from his face and behind his ear. Jimin was purely trembling now. Yoongi was sure all the sensations hitting him were the same for Jimin. Both of them moved back to catch some air.“Why do I still get butterflies like a high schooler,” Jimin muttered more than asked, his eyes locked on Yoongi’s black ones.Yoongi’s smile seemed to widen. “Same here,” Yoongi laughed. Jimin beamed and his eyes crinkling into his stunning eye smile.“Do we have to do anything today?” Jimin asked. He looked like he never wanted to leave the bed.Yoongi shook his head. “Absolutely nothing. Even if we did, I’m not letting either of us leave this bed when you’re letting me kiss you like this.”Jimin giggled. Yoongi caught his lips mid-laugh, delving back into the kiss where they had left off. Jimin smiled through the kiss, letting Yoongi take the lead again, and tilted his head further.Yoongi finally gave them both a break. “Question,” he said.“Hm?” Jimin asked, not bothering to open his eyes.“Why am I the luckiest guy in the world?” Yoongi asked, brushing his thumb over Jimin’s cheek.Jimin giggled. “Because I’m also the luckiest guy in the world.”This time, Jimin started the kiss. He pulled Yoongi’s face closer, swiping his tongue against the roof of Yoongi’s mouth.“I’m lucky because no matter what I’ve ever done or said, you’re so supportive.” Jimin kissed him. “And loving.” Again. “And perfect.”Yoongi took a deep breath. “Jimin-ah?” he muttered quietly.“Yeah, hyung?” Jimin asked, watching Yoongi’s eyes curiously.Yoongi lifted his hand to scratch at the back of his neck. He bit his lip as he gained the courage to say what he wanted. “Remember when you said you wanted to grow old together and everything? A long time ago?”Jimin nodded and his brow furrowed in confusion. He trailed his fingers on Yoongi’s cheek to ease Yoongi’s nerves.“Do you?” he mumbled. “I mean, still want to? Grow old together?”Jimin tilted his head slightly. “What are you asking, hyung?”“Um… You know you don’t have to say yes or anything… It doesn’t even have to be soon, if you do want to, of course…” Yoongi stumbled over his words as he did when he was scared. He avoided Jimin’s eyes.Jimin tapped his finger lightly on Yoongi’s cheek, making their gazes meet once more. “Hyung.”“Do you wanna maybe get married?”Jimin’s jaw dropped dramatically as he teased his hyung.Yoongi kind of panicked. “I mean, only if you want to and even then we wouldn’t have to for years but I was just - I don’t know, am I being stupid? Are we still too young? Do you not want to? You don’t have to, I get it if you don’t, I was just… Eventually. If you want.”Jimin slipped his hand around the back of Yoongi’s neck. “Yes.”Yoongi’s eyes lit up and widened as they looked back at Jimin. “Yes?”“Yes, hyung. I want to. Eventually. Soon. Whenever.” He smiled a bit.Yoongi let out a breath he didn’t know he had been holding. He grinned bashfully. “A-Are you sure?”“Hyung, I don’t think I’ve ever been more sure about anything in my life beside saying yes when you asked me out,” Jimin laughed, closing his eyes.Yoongi’s vision blurred and he sniffled. Jimin fluttered his eyes open. “Hyung, are you okay?”Yoongi nodded and let Jimin wipe a tear away from the corner of his eye. “Mhm,” he hummed with a smile. “I just… love you.”Jimin beamed. “I love you too.” He leaned forward to capture Yoongi’s lips. “Does this mean I get to introduce you as my fiancé now?”Yoongi shook a bit as he cried happily. “Yeah, yeah I think it does.”“Hoseok hyung will be excited,” Jimin giggled, wiping away a few of his own tears and sniffling.“Not as shocked as hyung,” Yoongi laughed, picturing Seokjin’s potential shocked face. He kissed Jimin’s forehead when the younger giggled at the thought as well.Jimin snuggled up to Yoongi, nuzzling his head into his chest. “I’m tired, hyung,” he whispered.“Sleep. I’m not going anywhere,” Yoongi whispered back and played with Jimin’s hair. Jimin smiled against his chest and closed his eyes, falling back asleep.



alleyway



Yoongi stood up off the couch and stretched. He walked over to Jimin, who was eating something in the kitchen. Throwing his arms over the back of his neck, Yoongi nosed his hair and gently kissed his ear. He felt Jimin laughing quietly.“Hi there, hyung.”Yoongi smiled. “Hey.” He kissed Jimin’s neck. “I’m gonna go to work.”“What? Hyung, it’s—” Jimin looked up at the clock. “Like, almost ten o’clock at night.”Yoongi shrugged. “Have to get some stuff done. I’ll try and get home tonight, alright?” He kissed Jimin’s cheek. “Love you.”Jimin waved him off. “Yeah, yeah. Love you too.”Yoongi smiled and waved as he closed the door behind him.~Yoongi drove up to his favourite late night coffee place. He walked in and ordered his usual coffee, only leaving after adding about five packets of sugar. He waved to the barista as he exited the shop.He was walking to his car when someone walking on the other side of the sidewalk bumped into him, making him spill his coffee. He yelped at the hot coffee burning his skin.“What the fuck?!” Yoongi yelled, patting down the coffee with a sleeved hand so it would stop burning. “Watch it. Fucking hell…”The guy stopped and turned around. “What was that?”“I said, watch it, I have a hot coffee!” Yoongi felt himself getting irrationally angry.The guy advanced on Yoongi. He got uncomfortably close. “That’s not my goddamn problem.”“Alright, whatever,” Yoongi said, waving his hand and turning around. He hoped the guy would just continue on his way, but it seemed that’s the opposite of what would happen.A hand knocked his cup onto the ground. He spun around, ready to yell at the guy. Instead, he was met with a fist to the jaw. He sputtered, nearly falling to the concrete. He spat blood to the ground, facing the stranger. His fight or flight response kicked in and he lifted his heads; ready to swing or protect his face he didn’t know.The guy got him first. He punched him square in the face, making him back into the wall of the building. He kneed him in the stomach, causing Yoongi to cough heavily. The stranger grabbed his collar, pulling him into the alleyway nearby. Yoongi tried to get away, kicking against the guy, but the psychopath was too strong. Yoongi regretted everything.Yoongi was thrown to the ground, hitting his head on the wall behind him. His vision blurred and he could no longer see his attacker. He felt another kick to his stomach and side. He tried to push him away, doing whatever he could to try and have a second to recollect himself.When he finally blacked out, it was with a knee to the face.~Jimin was watching television on the couch, trying to stay awake for when Yoongi came home. His leg swung a bit as he swiped on his phone. When it was getting late, about one in the morning, Jimin started getting concerned. He took out his phone and called Yoongi.Yoongi didn’t answer. Jimin furrowed his brow. Yoongi never let Jimin’s calls go unanswered. Jimin, brushing it off, decided to call his office.“Hello, yes, can I talk to Min Yoongi please?”“Min Yoongi-ssi? He never came in tonight,” the service desk attendant said.“Are you sure? Did he just not clock in?” Jimin cracked his fingers nervously.
“I’m sure, sir.”
“Alright. Thank you,” Jimin said, hanging up.He started tapping his foot, getting nervous. He tried Yoongi’s phone a few times, getting no answer. He called Seokjin.
“Hey, Jim—”
“Hyung, call Yoongi because he isn’t answering and I think something’s wrong. Will you please, please call him for me?” Jimin blurted out.“Whoa, yeah, sure, okay. What hap—” Jimin cut him off again.“Jin hyung, please,” Jimin pleaded.“Sure, sure. Okay,” Seokjin sighed.Jimin hung up, letting Seokjin call Yoongi. Seokjin called back a few minutes later.“I couldn’t get a hold of him, Jiminie. Is everything alright?” Seokjin asked, now becoming nervous himself.Jimin bounced his foot quicker. “I’m sure it’s okay. Thanks, hyung.” Jimin hung up again, putting his head in his hands. Something felt incredibly wrong.If Yoongi hadn’t gone to work, where had he gone? Jimin groaned. He felt like an absolute idiot. Yoongi always got coffee. Had something happened there?Jimin picked up his phone and called Hoseok.“Jimin-ah! How are you?” Hoseok’s cheery voice said.“Hyung, come pick me up, now. I need you. Please.”“I’ll be there in a few.” All pitch dropped from Hoseok’s voice. He hung up almost immediately.Jimin relaxed, grabbing everything he thought he needed and leaving the apartment. He ran down the stairs and left the lobby, waiting in the cold air for Hoseok.~Jimin ran into Hoseok’s car as soon as it pulled up.“Jimin, what’s—”“The coffee shop on that side street. On the way to the studio. Know how to get there?” Jimin asked, cutting him off rudely.Hoseok barely noticed. “Yes, but why?”“I think something happened to Yoongi hyung. Please, please, please, let’s go,” Jimin pleaded with him, bouncing nervously in his seat.Hoseok nodded and put the car into drive, pulling out of the parking lot alarmingly fast.~Jimin didn’t wait for Hoseok to stop the car before opening the door and running inside. The barista gave him a weird look.“Hey, you know that guy that always comes in here? Pink hair, grumpy dude?”The lady behind the cash register smiled. “Yeah, I know him! He came in here earlier. Yoongi or something he always says his name is.”“He did come in here?”The lady nodded. “Yes, ordered his usual. Why?”Jimin breathed frantically. “Thanks, that’s all I needed.” He ran out of the place as Hoseok opened the door to follow him inside.“Jimin, where are you…” Hoseok watched him walk by. He followed.“I don’t like this, Hobi hyung. It’s scaring me. I feel like…” Jimin whipped his head around. He spotted the alleyway and groaned. “Oh, please…” He took off in a sprint, Hoseok following behind him closely.Jimin rounded the corner and nearly sobbed. He spotted a curled up figure on the ground, pink hair fanning out from underneath his hoodie.“H-hyung,” he yelled, running to him. He brushed Yoongi’s hair from his bloody face.Hoseok covered his mouth with his hand. “Holy shit, what the…”“Hobi hyung, call the ambulance please, please, please,” Jimin panicked, his breathing quickening.Hoseok put his hands up. “Okay, okay, I will, Minnie, just breathe, okay?”Jimin pulled Yoongi’s head into his lap. “Daddy…” he whispered.Yoongi’s eyelids fluttered. He blinked up at Jimin, groaning softly. “Jimin,” he said, his voice gravelly and soft.“Daddy’s gonna be okay. Diminie promises,” Jimin tried to clean some blood from his face. “What happened, Daddy?”Yoongi closed his eyes, trying to speak. Jimin could tell it hurt.“Don’t talk. It’s okay. Stay quiet, we’re gonna get you to the hospital, okay?”Yoongi nodded. Jimin kissed his forehead and made sure to brush all strands of strawberry hair from his face, kissing every single small cut on his skin.~Yoongi and Jimin came home early in the morning, maybe four. Nothing was broken or permanently damaged. Yoongi had a concussion, but nothing serious. The concussion would go away within a week or so. Jimin brought him home and tucked him into bed, making sure he was comfortable.Jimin climbed into bed with him, holding his head and petting his hair. “I’m so sorry, Daddy,” he whispered. “I’m sorry.”Yoongi smiled softly. “I’m okay, baby. It’s just a concussion.”Jimin whined. “Daddy, you got beat up! And, and Diminie wasn’t there.”Yoongi kissed him gently. “Yeah, but that’s not your fault. Go to sleep, sweetheart. Daddy’s tired.”Jimin nodded, closing his eyes. “I love you, Daddy. Please be okay.”Yoongi rubbed Jimin’s waist. “I will be, baby boy.” He kissed Jimin’s nose, trying to calm him down enough so the younger would be able to fall asleep. When Jimin continued to pout, Yoongi grabbed a pacifier, light blue with small sheep details, and popped it into Jimin’s mouth. The little relaxed and Yoongi pressed a gentle kiss to the button of the pacifier. Jimin contently curled up to Yoongi’s chest and fell asleep. Yoongi followed soon after despite the pounding in his head.



rings



Yoongi was reclined on the couch, his legs spread to accommodate Jimin lying between them. His head was on Yoongi’s upper stomach and his legs were bent with his feet flat on the couch. In his sweater covered hands was a cat shaped mug with hot cocoa. Across the room, Namjoon and Seokjin were cuddled up on the sofa chair, each holding their own mugs. Hoseok was lying with his stomach on the ground and held his mug on the carpet in front of him while his legs kicked a bit. Jungkook was lying on the floor as well, holding Taehyung in his lap. Taehyung was giggling and taking sips out of both his mug and Jungkook’s.“What’d you want to tell us, hyung?” Hoseok asked. He looked up at Yoongi, who wrapped his hands around Jimin.“Do you wanna tell him the first thing, baby?” Yoongi asked, nudging Jimin. Jimin nodded and smiled.“Yeah, I got a tattoo too!” he squealed.Seokjin nearly spit out his hot cocoa. “You did what now?”Jimin pulled up his sweater, showing off the matching tattoo to Yoongi’s ankle. Seokjin glared at the two of them. Hoseok and Taehyung squealed, yelling about how cute it was. Jimin tilted his head back and to the side, asking for Yoongi to kiss him, which he did. Jimin had a new glimmer in his eyes.Seokjin groaned and put his head in his hands. “You two are gonna be the death of me.” Namjoon smiled and rubbed Seokjin’s shoulder.Yoongi chuckled while Jimin smiled. “That isn’t even the best part!”Seokjin looked up, muttering an “oh no”. Everyone else perked up as well, waiting for the rest of the story from Jimin.“Do you wanna tell them, Daddy?” Jimin asked, glancing back at Yoongi with his beautifully big eyes.Yoongi just smiled. “Go ahead, baby boy.” He reached out and played with Jimin’s hair again, staring at his smile.Jimin grinned. “Daddy and I are getting married.”Seokjin could have passed out. He leaned back on Namjoon, who choked on his drink. Taehyung and Hoseok gasped. Jungkook sat there with his mouth wide open.“What?! Jimin’s… Jimin’s… You two are still young, hyung!” Jungkook yelled, surprised.“Not anytime soon, Kookie! Just… Eventually.” Jimin snuggled against Yoongi’s chest, who kissed the top of his head.“I think it’s a-adorable, Kookie Bear!” Taehyung pouted, turning to face Jungkook. Jungkook kissed him, not able to stop himself.Jimin smiled at that. While he was a bit distracted, Yoongi moved his hand down to his pocket and brought out a small box. Jimin’s breath hitched as his eyes landed upon it. Yoongi placed it on Jimin’s stomach, opening it slowly and feeling everyone’s eyes on them.Yoongi pulled out two simple, silver rings. He slid Jimin’s on easily, smiling at how greatly it complimented his honey skin. Yoongi slipped on his own, his chest tightening.“Daddy, what…”“I thought rings would be nice, even if we don’t get married soon. Do you like them, baby?” Yoongi asked, intertwining his hand with Jimin’s hand, both of their fingers adorned with their new rings, their wrists with their matching bracelets.Jimin nodded slowly. He sniffled. “Yes, Daddy, I… I love them.” He turned back to Yoongi with teary eyes.Yoongi kissed his nose and hugged Jimin to his chest. Jimin tucked his face against Yoongi’s neck, smiling despite the few tears that slipped onto the elder’s skin.Namjoon was rubbing Seokjin’s shoulders. The latter was muttering something to himself. “Rings…fucking…I can’t believe…death of me I swear to…”Taehyung pouted and faced Jungkook. “Why don’t we have rings?!”“How about we get matching necklaces, Taetae?” Jungkook asked, poking Taehyung’s freckle on the tip of his nose. Taehyung, satisfied, curled up to Jungkook.“Damn it. Alone again,” Hoseok grumbled. Namjoon laughed and offered his hand to him, who took it. “Thanks, Joonie. Namjoon nodded his head and turned back to Seokjin.Yoongi pulled Jimin closer, whispering things into his ear just to hear the younger giggle. Jimin lightly kissed his neck repeatedly. Yoongi’s head was spinning with each new kiss pressed to his skin.



lazy day



“Hey, Daddy?” Jimin asked, padding into the room. He had a pacifier in his mouth and he was clutching his elephant to his chest. His hair was messy, falling into his eyes.“Yes, little prince?” Yoongi responded, looking up from his book.“I love you,” Jimin giggled.Yoongi tilted his head, frowning. “What do you want, baby?” Jimin was always affectionate, but something about the way he rocked back and forth made Yoongi think he was up to something.“I just wanted to tell Daddy I love him!” Jimin grinned.Yoongi smiled back. “I love you too.”“But Diminie loves you more.” Jimin put his hands on his hips, dropping his elephant and sucking on the pacifier a few times.“I doubt that, baby boy. I love you more.” Yoongi put his book down, mocking Jimin by placing his hands on his own hips.Jimin growled playfully. “Listen here! I love you more and you can’t say anything about it!”Yoongi giggled as he said, “I love you so much more though, baby!”Jimin climbed onto Yoongi’s lap, putting his feet on either side of the elder’s legs. He squished Yoongi’s cheeks, making his lips pucker. “I. Love. You. More.”Yoongi shook his head. Jimin huffed and let go, returning his hands to his hips. Yoongi leaned forward and kissed the younger, surprising him. Jimin giggled and pushed Yoongi back. “No! I love you more!”Yoongi laughed. “I love you more.”“I love you more!” Jimin yelled, leaning into Yoongi’s face.Their noses touched and Yoongi smiled. “I love you so so so so sooo much more, baby.”“I don’t believe you, Daddy! Because I love you so much it’s stupid!” Jimin touched their foreheads together.Yoongi wasn’t letting him have it. “Nuh-uh. I love you way more.” He kissed Jimin again.Jimin moved back slightly and gave Yoongi his best innocent eye look. He pouted with his lower lip and tilted his head down a bit, looking up at Yoongi and batting his eyes. He held his arms behind his back.“B-But, Daddy Bear, I wub you,” he said in his highest, cutest, most child-like voice.Yoongi finally cracked. “Awww,” he almost yelled, not being able to help himself. His eyes softened and he smiled lightly. With furrowed brows, he pulled Jimin closer and hugged him to his chest. “You win, you win, you’re too cute. God, you’re so cute.” He peppered Jimin’s face with kisses.“I winnnn~” Jimin sang, holding onto Yoongi’s arms.“Whatever, you cheater.” Yoongi kissed Jimin again. “I can’t help that you’re so cute.”Jimin sighed happily and hugged Yoongi back. “I do love you though, Daddy.”“I love you too,” Yoongi sighed. “I should punish you for that.”“Daddy, nooo! That’s not fairrr!” Jimin whined. He bounced up and down defiantly.Yoongi chuckled. “I’m kidding, I’m kidding.”Jimin crawled fully into Yoongi’s lap, settling comfortably. “Gonna take a nap on you now, Daddy.”Yoongi nodded and kissed Jimin’s head, picking up his book. “Go ahead.”Jimin closed his eyes and tucked his face against Yoongi’s neck, who opened his book and rested his head on top of the younger’s. He rocked side to side a bit as he helped Jimin fall asleep. These were Yoongi’s favourite days; lazy ones with tons of affection and cuddling. It relieved as much stress for him as it did for Jimin.



good dreams




“Hyung, can I tell you something?” Jimin asked, fiddling with his fingers in his lap.

The two of them were sat in the living room around the table, eating their dinner. They had both gotten their favourite to eat together that night. They spent the day watching movies and cuddling like they did almost every time Jimin came over Yoongi’s. The two had been together for a while at that point. In the back of his mind, Yoongi knew it was almost time to ask Jimin to move in.

Yoongi looked up at Jimin, chewing. He nodded to let Jimin know he was listening.

“Hyung, um… This is hard to say, but… Have you ever heard of little space?”

Yoongi furrowed his brow and shook his head a bit. “I don’t think so.” He put his chopsticks down and rested his elbows on the table, bringing his hands together. Yoongi placed his chin on his fingers and urged Jimin to continue.

“Well… it’s this, really, um… There’s no good way to explain it.” Jimin sighed. His cheeks were burning and he could barely force himself to speak. “It’s this headspace. Kind of. I’ll explain that later. I’m just gonna say it all, I guess…?” Jimin swallowed and rubbed his face. He couldn’t look Yoongi in the eyes. “There’s this community of people. Caregivers and… littles. Caregivers take care of littles. Littles are, um… people who are able…” He trailed off and kept his head down.

“Jimin.” When the younger looked up at Yoongi, he looked panicked. Yoongi just smiled gently. “It’s okay.”

Jimin took an incredibly deep breath and continued. “They’re people who can regress their age, mentally, and become like a child again. At least in their head. And they act like children and believe they’re a child and their caregivers take care of them and… the internet made it to be a kink but… Not really. Littles like colouring and — and cartoons and being treated like kids and stuffed animals and...pacifiers and... It’s… I’m…” Jimin groaned, putting his head in his hands.

He peeked up at Yoongi. Yoongi was looking up at him with an agape mouth. He cleared his throat and blinked rapidly.

“So… you’re… kinky?” Yoongi asked with an uncomfortable smile on his face. He chuckled a little bit. “I don’t see a problem really.”

Jimin’s eyes welled with tears and he shook his head, looking down. “No, I promise. I’m not… kinky, no. Not with this.” He licked his lips. “I’m just… I don’t want you to… to think I’m weird and leave me but… I’m one of those people. The littles, I mean…”

“I don’t know… what to say.” Yoongi sat back and studied Jimin’s face. He was obviously terrified.

“I… the last person I told never talked to me again… If you’re not comfortable with it, I-I get it… I just don’t want to… to lose you, hyung… I’m sorry.” Jimin wiped at his eyes with his sleeves.

Yoongi cleared his throat again. “I don’t know…” He took too long to think of the right words to say.

“You think it’s weird, don’t you? I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said anything. I’ll just…” Jimin stood up, picking up his jacket. “You don’t have to… It’s okay. I get it. I understand. I’ll just leave. You don’t have to… to call me or anything. It’s okay.” Jimin sniffled and turned away, hiding his tears from Yoongi as he neared the door.

“J-Jimin, wait — don’t…” Yoongi trailed off sadly as Jimin closed the apartment door. “...Leave.”

Yoongi groaned, hitting his head on the table. He felt like such an idiot. He didn’t think it was weird, he found it kind of endearing. Taking care of Jimin almost felt… natural — regardless of the details.

His head shot up as he remembered he had picked Jimin up, meaning the younger had no way to get home. He stood up, running out of his apartment and down the stairs. It took over a few minutes for him to make his way to the lobby and get outside the complex.

Jimin was standing outside in the cold and hadn’t even bothered to put on his jacket. Instead, he was crying into the coat softly, shivering. Cars drove by him on the street, each one creating a wind that rustled Jimin’s hair and froze him more. Yoongi came up behind him and hugged him tightly. The younger just kept crying.

“I’m so sorry, Jimin. I… I didn’t mean to make you feel rejected, I… I really like the idea… Just, come inside and… and we can talk. Okay?” Yoongi whispered against his ear.

Jimin shook his head. “You don’t—” he hiccuped. “You don’t have to. You d-don’t have to talk to me again if y-you don’t want to.”

Yoongi held him tighter. “Hey, hey, hey.” He turned Jimin to face him. He cupped Jimin’s cheeks and looked him in the eye, completely serious. “Don’t say that. I could never not talk to you. Now, please come back inside. I really wanna learn more.”

Jimin sniffled and looked at him in awe. “R-Really?”

Yoongi nodded, moving his hands down to Jimin’s shoulders. He smiled reassuringly. “Yes, really. Come on, you’re freezing.”

Jimin let Yoongi lead him back to the apartment. The whole way up in the elevator, Jimin held Yoongi’s hand and wiped at his face. He was completely embarrassed and shy. Yoongi continued to promise it was alright. Once they were back in the apartment, Yoongi sat Jimin on the couch and took a few tissues to dab lightly at his cheeks.

“Even crying… you’re still pretty…” Yoongi muttered, grinning as Jimin blushed. When Jimin tilted his head down, Yoongi lifted his face to meet his eyes again. “Hey… I love you.”

Jimin sniffled once more and smiled. “I love you too.”

Yoongi sat on the couch next to him. “Tell me more about this little thing, okay? I wanna know. Don’t be embarrassed.”

Jimin nodded with a small smile. Yoongi leaned closer and hugged him as he started explaining.

Yoongi woke up with a start and immediately snapped his head to gaze over at Jimin, who was still sleeping. The elder sniffled, finding he had been crying in his sleep. He moved closer to his boyfriend, hugging him and squeezing tightly, peppering the side of his face with kisses.Jimin woke up from the pressure around his stomach. “Ow, hyung, what the hell are you—” He squirmed as the kisses continued. He heard Yoongi sniffle. “Are you okay?” he asked, turning over in Yoongi’s arms to face him.Yoongi grinned and nodded quickly. “I’m okay. I just love you so much is all.”Jimin furrowed his brow with worry. “What? Then why are you crying?” He lifted a hand to wipe at his tears. Yoongi shrugged and closed his eyes. He didn’t feel the need to talk about something so emotional so early in the morning. “I love you. I mean it, I really do,” he whispered.Jimin chuckled softly and closed his eyes as well. He snuggled into Yoongi’s chest and sighed. “I love you too.”



how convenient



Jimin was walking through the hallway of their apartment when a force threw him against the wall. He gasped as his back hit the wallpaper. The surprise made him shut his eyes. Suddenly, there was hot breath against his neck.“Fuck, hyu—”Dark hair obscured his vision as the elder started kissing up his neck. Jimin’s knees gave out, but Yoongi was quick to catch his waist. He nibbled on the younger’s ear, then breathed hot air into it, causing Jimin to gasp again and run his hands through Yoongi’s newly dyed locks.“Hey, Jiminie,” Yoongi whispered. Jimin opened his mouth, but nothing came out but a heavy breath. He whimpered when Yoongi grabbed his wrists and pinned them over his head, kissing and sucking on his neck again. The cool metal of his ring was a weird contrast on Jimin’s warm skin. Jimin tilted his head, allowing Yoongi more access. The elder’s teeth nipped on the choker he was wearing. Jimin’s stomach warmed and he began to shake. Yoongi’s fingers moved up to his shirt, tugging the buttons open.Jimin tried to struggle against the hold on his wrists. He wanted so badly to touch Yoongi too. Yoongi only held him tighter.“Hyung, plea—”Yoongi cut him off, moving up to his face and staying only centimeters from touching their lips. Jimin tried to lean forward, but Yoongi pushed him back. Yoongi breathed shallowly, switching his gaze from Jimin’s lips to his eyes. Finally, fucking finally, Yoongi leaned in and connected their lips.Jimin’s whole body soared. He whined, making Yoongi giggle into his lips. Yoongi released his wrists to run his hands through Jimin’s ash-blonde hair. Jimin immediately started grabbing Yoongi’s neck, pulling him closer.“Fuck, Jiminie. Blonde hair and a choker. What are you trying to do to me?” Yoongi whispered against Jimin’s mouth.Jimin bit down on his own bottom lip, staring at Yoongi’s eyes. “And your black hair? What do you have to say for yourself? You look so hot that it’s fucking ridiculous.”Yoongi growled and attacked his lips again. Jimin revelled in the feeling and reached his hands under Yoongi’s shirt. Yoongi pulled on Jimin’s hair, making him gasp heavily for the third time. Yoongi took his chance to lick into the younger’s mouth, pulling little mewls from his throat.Jimin started to giggle. Yoongi pulled back and licked his lips, confused. He looked down at Jimin, who was biting his lip to stop laughing.“What?” Yoongi asked, trapping him tightly against the wall. “What’s so funny?”“Nothing, Daddy,” Jimin giggled. “It just tickles.”Yoongi closed his eyes as he let out a soft groan. He rested his forehead against Jimin’s. “You always go into little space at the most convenient times, don’t you?”Jimin laughed and kissed Yoongi’s nose. “Mhm!” He got out of Yoongi’s hold and skipped to the living room.Yoongi leaned against the wall and chuckled softly. He shook his head with a smile and followed Jimin, deciding that cuddling under fuzzy blankets with hot chocolate would be just as good as his original idea, if not better.



funeral?




A knocking sound floated throughout the apartment, effectively waking Jimin from his slumber. Jimin groaned before standing up, shaking his hair to tame the mess. He had no idea who the hell would be knocking on his door so late at night. He reluctantly made his way to the door and rubbed the sleepiness from his eyes before opening the door.

Two men stood there in full suits. They seemed much too awake for the time.

“Can I help you?” Jimin asked, rubbing his arm with his opposite hand. He didn’t have a good feeling.

“Park Jimin-ssi?”

Jimin nodded. “That’s me.”

“I’m so sorry, sir. We regret to inform you that your husband was hit by a car. He was apparently drunk and walked into the street. He was announced dead on arrival to the hospital. I sincerely apologize for your loss.”

Jimin’s mouth gaped and he stared at the two men and shook his head. “No. You’re - No. Are you sure? M-My husband?”

The first man nodded. “He was identified as Min Yoongi by his wallet. That’s him, correct?”

Jimin’s knees buckled and he was suddenly on the floor. His head was in his hands and he was crying, sobbing. One of the men bent down and helped him to stand, but everything was spinning and seemed unreal.

“We need you to come down and identify him, sir.”

Jimin’s entire body was shaking as he cried, but he still allowed the men to lead him to the car.
~
Jimin stared at the casket in despair. Tears out of anger poured from his eyes People were coming up to console him, but he ignored them and continuously stared at the face of his husband. He fiddled with his ring to keep his face straight.

He wanted to kill Yoongi. He was dead, but Jimin was so angry that he could kill him. He had gotten drunk and gotten himself killed. Jimin wanted to punch and slap him, wanted to hear his apology over and over again.

He wanted him back so badly.

Jimin started sobbing, face in his palms. Someone rubbed his back. He tried to shove them off but the arms were thrown around him, hugged him securely. He let himself cry.

“Jimin, sweetheart, wake up. It’s okay. It’s just a dream, Jiminie.”Jimin finally opened his eyes. His face, mainly his cheeks, was so sore. He rubbed at his damp face, struggling not to cry as the memories swarmed his mind. He knew he was awake, but there were still warm arms wrapped around him.“Jimin, baby, what were you dreaming about?” Yoongi asked softly, petting Jimin’s hair to comfort him.Jimin just sobbed and shook his head. He shoved Yoongi off of him and bawled into his hands.“Jiminie…” Yoongi tried, moving his hand up to touch Jimin’s face.“Don’t touch me! I can’t fucking believe you!” Jimin yelled, trying to move away from the elder. He couldn’t bring himself to stand“What the hell are you talking about?” Yoongi asked. His eyes opened wide in shock.“You! You fucking idiot! You got hit by a car! You died! What the fuck?!” Jimin blinked and covered his mouth. He realized what had truly happened and his face dropped in embarrassment.Yoongi burst out into giggles. His eyes crinkled and he rolled onto his back, hugging his stomach as he dissolved into laughter. “You’re mad at me for dying in your dream?”Jimin groaned and fell back against the bed. Yoongi kept laughing as kissed his cheek. Jimin covered his face and shrunk down under the blankets.“‘M sorry,” Jimin mumbled. He rubbed his face angrily and whined.Yoongi just chuckled. “Awww, baby. You’d be that sad?”Jimin growled. “Shut up. You got drunk and got hit by a car. Drunk! I had to attend your funeral, you fuck.” Jimin threw his arms over his eyes. “It was awful.”Yoongi giggled once more. “I’m sorry for dying in your dream, baby.”“You fucking better be.” Jimin’s voice got softer as he got sleepier. “At least we were married in my dream.”Yoongi hugged around his middle and snuggled up to him. He sighed happily just to tease his boyfriend. “You’re still so pretty when you cry.”“You said that to me when you first saw me cry,” Jimin mumbled. He removed his arms from his face and looked down at Yoongi. The elder looked up with a gloriously happy look in his eyes.Yoongi shrugged. “It’s true.”Jimin smiled. He closed his eyes and tilted his head back to rest on his pillow. “Yoongi-yah? Can you promise me something?”“Hm?” Yoongi responded, still looking up at Jimin. Jimin ran a hand through his dark hair absentmindedly. Yoongi took his chance to close his eyes as well and relax at the feeling of Jimin’s fingers in his hair.“Don’t get drunk and walk into a street.”Yoongi snorted and cuddled up to him again. “I’ll try not to, but I do what I want.”Jimin laughed momentarily and fell asleep again with the comforting weight on his stomach.



this is basically crack



Taehyung and Jimin were playing on the living room floor while Jungkook was taking a nap on the couch, holding one of Jimin’s teddy bears to his chest. Yoongi padded into the room with juice boxes for the littles and placed them down on the coffee table. Yoongi leaned down and kissed Jimin on the forehead, petting through his hair. Jimin smiled and Yoongi kissed him for real, making him blush. Yoongi smiled and left the room.Taehyung giggled and pointed at Jimin’s cheeks. “You’re bu-blushing!”Jimin covered his cheeks and smiled bashfully. “No, I’m not!”Taehyung removed the elder’s hands from his face. He poked at his cheeks, continuing to tease him. “Someone’s blushing! S-Someone’s in love~!”Jimin giggled, turning away from him. “Stop it!”Taehyung laughed and started tickling him. Jimin squirmed, laughing just as hard. “You’re s-so cute, Jiminie! Y-You love Uncle Y-Yoongi!”Jimin was panting and trying to shove Taehyung off of him. He was still laughing extremely hard, flailing around. Taehyung kept tickling him and teasing him, making Jimin’s face turn deeper shades of red.“S-Stop it, T-Tae!” Jimin protested, pushing against Taehyung’s shoulders.Taehyung only kept tickling him. He pinned Jimin down to the floor and started blowing raspberries on his neck.”Daddy! YOONGI!” Jimin screamed. He didn’t actually mean for Yoongi’s reaction, he just needed a break to breathe.Yoongi ran into the room and looked at the two on the floor. Jungkook was watching them, confused, having been woken up by the screaming, eyes still groggy from his nap. Growling, Yoongi went over to Taehyung and picked him up with sudden strength, tossing the younger over his shoulder. Taehyung yelped in surprise and grabbed onto the back of Yoongi’s shirt as the oldest carried him out of the room and into the kitchen.“K-Kookie!” Taehyung yelled as he bounced against Yoongi’s back. “He - He’s gonna k-kill me!”Jungkook woke up fully and ran after Yoongi and his boyfriend. He was yelling something unintelligible. Jimin was still panting on the floor and trying to regain his breath. Jungkook came out of the kitchen, pulling Yoongi backwards by his arms. Jimin giggled uncontrollably at the ridiculous scene in front of him. Yoongi was struggling against Jungkook’s strength, his heels kicking against the floor as the youngest dragged him.“Hyung, they were playing!” Jungkook tried, falling back onto the floor under Yoongi’s weight.Yoongi only growled again. “He was torturing my baby! I wasn’t going to hurt him! But Tae was torturing him!”Jimin laughed and skipped over to Yoongi. He peered down at his Daddy’s face. It appeared to him upside down and he tilted his head with a smile. “Hi, Daddy!”Yoongi’s frown cracked into a grin and he laughed a bit as all his anger faded. Jimin’s face was so perfect, so smiley and chubby and cute that his chest squeezed almost painfully. “Hi, baby!” he exclaimed, just as excitedly as Jimin had.Jimin ushered Jungkook up and sat down on the floor with Yoongi. He cuddled against him, humming as he hugged the older so tightly. Yoongi sighed contently and hugged him back, running his hands through Jimin’s blond hair.Taehyung ran back into the room. He took care to avoid Yoongi on the floor as he ran into Jungkook’s arms. Yoongi picked up his head and glared at Taehyung before looking down at Jimin lovingly. Yoongi kissed Jimin again, gently, and whispered sweet things into his ear.Jungkook laughed at how Taehyung was shaking in his arms. “Oh, baby. It’s okay. He wouldn’t have hurt you.”“He th-threatened me!” Taehyung frowned and hid his face in Jungkook’s neck.“You were messing with Jimin.”Taehyung only whimpered and nodded. He still clung to Jungkook tightly and Jungkook smiled, rubbing his back to comfort him until Yoongi was ready to let Jimin play again.



fuck that guy ur mine



Jimin was laying on his stomach on the couch, one palm supporting his head as he scrolled on his laptop. His legs were bent and kicked behind him in the air. Yoongi walked through the living room and Jimin perked up.“Hyung!” he called. Yoongi stopped to look at him. “Will you get me a juice box?” He gave Yoongi pleading eyes. Yoongi cocked an eyebrow as an amused smile appeared on his face. He waited for Jimin to give him an explanation.“Shut up, hyung. Why can’t I have them when I’m big too?” He rolled his eyes. “They’re good~.”Yoongi laughed and walked closer to the couch. “I didn’t even say anything.” He knelt down to be eye level with Jimin. He gave his boyfriend a teasing smile.“You had that judgy look on your face. So now you have to get me one!” Jimin claimed, trying to fight his smile.Yoongi snorted and stood. He walked into the kitchen, grabbing Jimin a juice and a soda for himself. When he entered the room again, he tossed the juice box at Jimin and laughed when it caught Jimin off guard and hit him in the cheek. Jimin just rolled his eyes with a smile and kept scrolling on his computer. Yoongi sat down in the chair to the side of the couch.“What are you looking at anyway, babe?” Yoongi asked. Jimin shook his head. He put the straw into his juice box and held it in his mouth. “Nothing.”Yoongi tilted his head to see. Jimin changed the page before he could. He stood and jumped at Jimin. Yoongi grabbed Jimin’s small wrists in one of his hands and laughed at his yelp of surprise. He used his other hand to go back to what Jimin was looking at. Jimin was struggling against him, screaming.What he saw made Yoongi blush and back up. “Jiminie, what?” He looked down at the younger with wide eyes.Jimin was blushing furiously and trying to hide his cheeks. He cringed in on himself, tucking his face into the couch. “Why are you like this?!”“Jimin, what are you...?” Yoongi giggled and covered his mouth.Jimin shrugged. “They’re cute,” he mumbled into the couch cushions.“I mean… Yeah?” Yoongi chuckled. “I guess so.”“D-Don’t laugh at me, hyung!” Jimin whined. He covered his head with his arms.Yoongi continued to tease him. “Actually… It’d probably look really good on you, hm?” He reached his hand down to Jimin’s neck and trailed a few fingers down the soft skin. “A collar? Maybe light blue…”Jimin shivered and shook his head furiously. “S-Stop, hyung.” He sat up and closed his laptop, covering his cheeks with his palms.“I refuse. You’re too fun to tease.” Yoongi reached down and lifted Jimin’s chin with a few of his fingers. “I might just have to get you one.”Jimin’s cheeks darkened a shade and he whined once more. “You’re so fucking embarrassing.”Yoongi chuckled as he left the room. “I know. I try.” He left Jimin pouting around his straw on the couch.~Jimin skipped behind Yoongi down the aisle as the elder continued piling groceries into the cart. Yoongi was looking down at a box of cereal when someone bumped into Jimin.“Oh! Excuse me!” Jimin said, smiling at the man. He moved out of his way and bowed his head.The man returned the smile a little more enthusiastically. “I’m so sorry. I wasn’t looking. I guess I’ll have to blame how pretty you are for that.”Yoongi nearly dropped the cereal box. He whipped around to see them. Jimin was looking down and blushing. He picked his head back up and gave him another bashful smile. “Well, thank you. Sorry for getting in your way.”“You can get in my way anytime you’d like, beautiful.”Jimin blushed darker, lifting a hand to rub at the back of his neck. Yoongi had to stop himself from growling.“Yeah, well. We get it, buddy. You can go,” Yoongi snapped. He threw the cereal box into the cart.The guy looked over to Yoongi like he didn’t notice him there before. “Ah. You’re the boyfriend, I’m assuming. You’re lucky. This one’s very pretty.” He gestured to Jimin.Yoongi stared him down until he felt the guy get uncomfortable. With a nod, the stranger walked away with his own cart.Jimin glared at Yoongi when the guy left. “You’re so embarrassing! He was just being nice!”Yoongi squinted his eyes and shook his head. “Nice and trying to get in your pants are two very different things.”Jimin crossed his arms and huffed.“Oh? Do you want him to flirt with you?” Yoongi asked as he turned and began pushing the cart away.“It’s nice when someone does. My own boyfriend doesn’t anymore.” Jimin, tongue in cheek, followed behind him.Yoongi stopped and narrowed his eyes at Jimin. “What’s that supposed to mean? I flirt with you plenty.”Jimin gave him a judging look. “Yeah, right. How?”Yoongi thought for a moment before he realized he had no proof. He turned around and started pushing the cart again. Jimin laughed, angering Yoongi further.~Jimin was sitting on the couch when Yoongi came over and dropped a package in his lap. Jimin looked up at him, his eyebrows raised in question.“Open it,” Yoongi demanded, crossing his arms over his chest.Jimin stared at it for another minute before carefully opening the package. He pulled out a small silk, drawstring bag and glanced at Yoongi again. When Yoongi just continued to stare with the same expression, Jimin pulled the strings to open it.The second Jimin’s eyes landed on the object inside, he let out a groan and threw his head back. “Hyung, I hate you so fucking much.”Yoongi chuckled darkly. “Come on, Jiminie. Open it.”Jimin grumbled as he pulled the lacy, satin blue collar out of the bag. “Are you fucking serious?”Yoongi smirked and bent down, taking the collar from his fingers and clasping it around the younger’s neck. Jimin huffed and crossed his arms, but Yoongi could see the pink in his cheeks. Yoongi trailed his fingers over the collar and Jimin’s skin, making the younger grumble though his blush darkened. Yoongi stopped at the front of the collar where the small, white bow was.“I was right. You look great in it.”Jimin glared up at him, trying to keep his expression angry despite his excitement of having exactly what he wanted. “Why?!”“Mine. Not that asshole’s at the store. Not anyone else’s. You’re mine. Mine and mine only,” Yoongi said. He frowned and looked away.Jimin smiled as a familiar warmth pooled in his stomach. He stood up, feeling the butterflies spread to his head. He wrapped his arms around Yoongi, who stiffened but hugged him back.“Thank you, Daddy. Love it!” Jimin said, grinning.Yoongi stopped for a moment before smiling too. “I’m glad you like it, baby, because you can’t ever take it off. You’re Daddy’s and Daddy’s only.”Jimin giggled. “Like I’d want to be anyone else’s, silly!” He swayed Yoongi side to side. “So silly. Diminie only loves Daddy.”Yoongi couldn’t help but smile widely at the younger’s words. He hugged Jimin to himself and played with the collar at the back of his neck happily. Jimin hummed and pulled Yoongi to the couch. He climbed into Yoongi’s lap and the elder pressed kisses all over his face. Jimin squirmed and hid against his shoulder. Yoongi chuckled and let him rest, rocking him back and forth slowly.



truth or dare
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“Hyung, let’s play truth or dare,” Hoseok suggested.Everyone was sitting in the living room in a circle, trying to figure out what they should do. Jimin was reclined back on Yoongi’s lap. Jungkook was hugging around Taehyung’s middle from behind. Namjoon and Seokjin were leaning against the couch and Hoseok was laying across from Seokjin.“Ooh, Daddy, can we?” Jimin asked, looking up at Yoongi.“Depends on the rules.” Yoongi narrowed his eyes at everyone around him.Namjoon smirked. “I’m sure we can be civilized, Yoon hyung.”Yoongi rolled his eyes and sighed. “Then sure. Why not? Hoseokie’s going first.”Hoseok looked offended. “What?! Why?!” He sat up more and crossed his arms.“You chose the game. Truth or dare?” Yoongi asked, smiling at him. Jimin giggled in his arms.Hoseok huffed. “Truth.”“W-When is Uncle Hobi g-getting a little?” Taehyung piped up excitedly. His head tilted and he played with Jungkook’s fingers. Seokjin and Yoongi both snorted.Hoseok closed his mouth, which had opened without him realizing. “I dunno, Taetae. Maybe someday. Okay, um. Namjoon-ah! Truth or dare?”Namjoon thought for a minute before saying, “Dare.”Hoseok looked around at everyone. “Suggestions?”“I dare you to tell Jin hyung the last bad thing you did, hyung!” Jungkook added.Namjoon shot him a dirty look before leaning close to Seokjin and whispering in the elder’s ear. When he was finished, Seokjin gasped and smacked his arm. Namjoon flushed and looked away with a shy smile.“What’d he tell you, what’d he tell you?” Jimin asked, trying to lean closer to them. Yoongi kept his hands clasped around his stomach.“He’s just disgusting is all, little one,” Seokjin said, smiling at Jimin. Jimin scrunched his nose and leaned against Yoongi again.“Hmm... Jungkook-ssi!” Namjoon called. Jungkook perked up. “Truth or dare?” “I think… Dare, hyung!” Jungkook was basically bouncing up and down in excitement.“I-I dare K-Kookie Bear to kiss Taetae!” Taehyung declared. Jungkook turned his head to face him and captured Taehyung’s lips in his gently. Everyone else groaned.When the two started going back for kiss after kiss, Seokjin kicked them enough to jolt the kiss. Taehyung giggled and faced the group again, letting Jungkook kiss the back of his neck.“I pick… Hoseok hyung!” Jungkook said, directing his gaze to the startled older.“Dare. Come at me, kid,” Hoseok said with a grin.Jungkook smiled evilly. “I dare you to take Jimin from Yoongi hyung.”Yoongi froze for a second before moving Jimin off his lap gently. He stood up, rounding the group to go over to Jungkook. He pushed Taehyung off the youngest’s lap gingerly and put his hands under Jungkook’s arms. He began dragging him.“Hyung!” Jungkook screamed. Yoongi kept pulling him. He dragged Jungkook around the couch and down the hallway with an angry face despite everyone giggling at them.“Hyung, stop! I’m sorry!” they heard Jungkook yell as Yoongi’s door slammed shut.Seokjin stood up and ran down the hallway, throwing open the door to reveal Yoongi standing over the youngest, who was curled up on the floor. Smiling, Seokjin took Yoongi’s arm and pulled him back to the living room, Jungkook following behind shyly. Yoongi glared at him and jerked his body in his direction. Jungkook shied away and ran back to Taehyung, hiding behind him.Yoongi sat back down on the floor and hugged Jimin as close to him as he could. “Mine.”“H-How about a different dare, Jungkookie,” Hoseok said, gulping.“Yeah. Yeah, okay. I dare you to, um… Sing everything until your next turn.” Jungkook smiled, still hiding behind Taehyung.The game played on for awhile until Jimin yawned. Yoongi immediately yelled at everyone to shut up and get out, carrying Jimin lovingly to the bedroom. Everyone rolled their eyes and left, saying their goodbyes as they walked out.Yoongi sat Jimin down on the bed and rummaged through the dresser drawer to find pajamas. He decided on shorts and an oversized shirt for the younger. He helped Jimin undress and had him hold onto the older’s shoulders as he slipped on Jimin’s shorts. He pulled the shirt over Jimin’s head and kissed his forehead before tousling his messy hair. Jimin giggled and Yoongi shrugged off his own jeans.“Let’s go to bed, baby boy, okay? Someone obviously needs their rest.”Jimin nodded sleepily and held out his arms to Yoongi. “Upsies?”Yoongi smiled. “My baby is so lazy.” He picked the younger up with a little bit of difficulty and helped him into the bed. The elder climbed in after him, pulling Jimin’s back flush against his chest. He reached his hands up and unclasped Jimin’s collar. “I always hate taking this off, baby. It’s so pretty on you.” He heard Jimin giggle as he put the lacy fabric on the dresser by the bed.Yoongi leaned forward and kissed Jimin’s skin that the choker had covered. Jimin shivered and took one of Yoongi’s hands in his, holding it over his stomach. He fell asleep as the elder pressed small butterfly kisses up his neck and behind his ear.



Chapter End Notes
OUTCAST IS CRAZY AND IS CONSUMING ME


jimin's birthday
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Yoongi let Jimin sleep in longer than usual. He spent his morning in the kitchen, trying his best to not burn the food. He was a bit chilly in only a shirt and pajama pants, but he ignored it. As he was cooking on the stove, he felt something warm envelop him. He smiled for a second before turning around with a shocked expression.“Jiminie! Go back to your room!”“What? Why?” Jimin asked, keeping his hands on Yoongi’s hips.Yoongi pouted and let out a sigh. “I was gonna bring you breakfast in bed.”Jimin smiled. “That’s sweet, babe. But my favourite thing would be waking up next to you.”Yoongi frowned more. “Let me make you breakfast.”Jimin rolled his eyes and started to walk out of the kitchen, but Yoongi grabbed his wrist. The elder pulled him back and brought his other hand to Jimin’s face, drawing him into a kiss.“Happy birthday, Jiminie.”Jimin smiled and kissed him again before going to the living room.~Yoongi brought out their breakfasts and put them on the coffee table. Jimin cuddled up to him and took his plate, immediately eating half of his toast.“Wait for me,” Yoongi whined, trying to eat his breakfast while laughing.Jimin just smiled around his toast and giggled, shrugging. “‘M hungry ‘n s’good.”Yoongi chuckled and leaned his head against the younger’s, kissing his cheek for a second before taking another bite.~Yoongi cuddled Jimin on the couch until the younger had fallen asleep. He continued to rub Jimin’s shoulders and kiss his head, running his hands through his hair occasionally.Jimin stirred and turned to face Yoongi, tucking his face into the elder’s neck. Yoongi smiled and kissed his ear. He heard Jimin giggle.“Having a good birthday?” he asked.Jimin nodded against his neck. “The best, Daddy.”Yoongi laughed and hugged him tightly. “Hi, baby. I’m so, so lucky to have you.”“Really, Daddy? Because Diminie’s so lucky to have Daddy!”Yoongi leaned down and kissed Jimin’s forehead. “What do you wanna do today?”“Mmmm…” Jimin hummed. “I wanna cuddle Daddy.”“I would love to cuddle you all day, baby. But is that it?” Yoongi asked, kissing his forehead again and brushing his bangs from his face.Jimin smiled and nodded. “Yes, Daddy. That’d be the bestest birthday ever.”“Okay, button. Then that’s what we’ll do. But can Daddy give his little prince a present?”Jimin’s face lit up excitedly. “Daddy got me a present?!”Yoongi nodded. “Of course! Who would Daddy be if he didn’t get you a present on your birthday?!”Jimin giggled. “Daddy! Yes, please give me the present,” he whined.Yoongi smiled and got up from the couch, kissing Jimin when he pouted from lack of cuddles. He went to the corner of the room and pulled out a present from a drawer. He brought it over and dropped it in Jimin’s lap.Jimin sat up fully and looked at the small box wrapped in Happy Birthday wrapping paper. There was a pretty light blue bow on the top of it. Jimin looked up at Yoongi for permission and the elder nodded. Jimin took the bow off gently and stuck it on top of his head, making Yoongi laugh. The younger ripped into the box and opened it, gasping when he saw what was inside.“Daddy! A whole box of candy?!” Jimin squealed, looking at the layer of candy.“Underneath the candy, baby,” Yoongi said, chuckling.Jimin looked at him quizzingly and dug underneath the candy. He pulled out a package of new earrings, a new pacifier, and a new lavender collar. He gasped and hugged the presents to him. “Oh my gosh, Daddy, thank you!” Jimin squealed and jumped up, hugging Yoongi. “I love them, I love them!”Yoongi smiled and hugged him back, kissing his forehead. “I’m glad, baby.”~Jimin and Yoongi were curled up on the couch, watching movies of Jimin’s choice. Jimin had gotten out of little space around 6pm and they’d cuddled ever since. Just as Jimin’s head began to nod during the movie, Yoongi moved forward and kissed his neck.Jimin gasped lightly. “Hyung,” he warned.Yoongi smirked and kissed down his neck smoothly. He turned Jimin over in front of him and sucked on his collarbone.Jimin ran his hands through Yoongi’s hair. “Hyung, y-you know what happens when you—”Yoongi cut him off by pulling lightly on Jimin’s hair. He bit down gently on Jimin’s shoulder, earning another gasp.“God, I hate you, hyung.” Jimin pulled Yoongi’s face up to kiss him and Yoongi smiled against his lips.“Bed,” Jimin demanded, sitting up. Yoongi followed suit and picked Jimin up, carrying him to their bedroom as he kissed the younger’s cheek.



Chapter End Notes
no but seriously outcast updates in three hours and im screaming


punishment for... daddy?
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Jimin was walking through the kitchen when he felt something tug on his collar. He was pulled backwards and his back bent. Yoongi smiled and kissed his lips before standing him up straight again.Jimin was blushing furiously. He huffed and carried on what he was doing, shooting the elder a dirty look with bright cheeks. Yoongi just smirked back at him.~The younger was sitting on the couch, typing away on his computer. Yoongi walked over to him and pulled on the collar again, effectively lifting his head up. Jimin squirmed but calmed when Yoongi kissed him softly.“Hyung,” he complained when Yoongi pulled away. Yoongi just laughed and moved across the room to the chair, sitting down with his coffee. “Why the hell do you keep doing that? It’s the third time this week.”Yoongi shrugged. “I like to bother you.”Jimin blushed again and looked back down at his computer.~Jimin was trying to make dinner when Yoongi walked into the room, a dark smirk upon his lips. He moved over to Jimin and pulled harshly on the collar, earning a small squeal from the younger. Yoongi moved Jimin away from the stove and smelled the food closer. He removed his fingers from the collar, lavender today, and smiled.“Smells good, Jiminie.”Jimin glared at him. “I can’t stand you!”“Aw, I love you too.” Yoongi kissed Jimin’s cheek and left the kitchen.~Jimin smiled devilishly as he planned out his revenge. He picked up his other collar, the lavender one, and slipped his favourite light blue collar around his neck. Jimin padded into the living room as quietly as he could. Yoongi had fallen asleep on the couch. The sound of the TV masked the younger’s footsteps as he creeped up on Yoongi.As gently as possible, Jimin slipped the collar around the older’s neck, clasping it. He smirked and walked around the couch. He reached his hand down behind Yoongi’s ear and kissed him.Yoongi woke up, his eyelashes fluttering against Jimin’s cheeks. He closed his eyes and leaned into Jimin’s kiss.Jimin pulled back and smiled. “Hi, Daddy. You look really pretty.” It wasn’t a lie. The lavender contrasted prettily with Yoongi’s pale skin.Yoongi smiled. “Thank you, baby boy. And thank you for the great wake-up.” His mind didn’t register the collar around his neck.Jimin grinned at him happily. “Will Daddy make Diminie some food?”Yoongi nodded and kissed him. “Let Daddy go to the bathroom first and he’ll make you whatever you want.”Jimin nodded eagerly. Yoongi watched as his boyfriend ran to the kitchen in his oversized sweatshirt — Yoongi’s sweatshirt — and shorts. He smiled to himself and stood up. Yoongi stretched before going to the bathroom.He looked at himself in the mirror, ruffling his hair momentarily. He snapped his eyes down to his neck and saw the dainty velvet collar around his neck.“Jimin!” he screamed.Jimin came skipping into the bathroom. “Yes, Daddy?”“Get this thing off me!” Yoongi said, trying to reach back and get the clasp. His fingers fumbled with it and he deemed it impossible for him to get off himself. “Jimin! Now!”Jimin looked up at him sweetly. “But Daddy looks so pretty in it! And Jiminie has to get back at him!”Yoongi looked at the younger, confused. “Get back at me for what?”Jimin beamed and reached up, pulling Yoongi’s head back. Yoongi yelped as his back was bent. Jimin pressed a small kiss to his lips before pushing him back to standing.“That, Daddy!”Yoongi hiccuped and covered his cheeks, resting his elbows on the counter. “Jimin,” he groaned. “Please, take it off.”Jimin shook his head. “I will later, Daddy! Daddy just needs his punishment.” The younger giggled.Yoongi groaned again and shot daggers at Jimin. “Fine.” He stepped past Jimin to leave the bathroom, the younger skipping behind him.~Yoongi was stirring the pot at the stove when Jimin came and pulled on his collar. The other made a very unmanly noise that he mentally kicked himself for. Jimin leaned down and smelled the food.“Smells good, Daddy,” Jimin said, his voice dripping of sarcasm.Yoongi huffed.~Yoongi was sitting on the couch, in Jimin’s spot. Jimin went over to him and quickly stuck two fingers between his collar and his neck, pulling him to the other side of the couch. Yoongi rolled his eyes and let it happen. Jimin sat down happily.“Would you take this thing off now?” Yoongi asked, pulling at it again.Jimin smiled. “Did Daddy learn his lesson?”Yoongi nodded. “Yes, baby. I think he has. Now, take this off before I punish you.”Jimin scrambled up to unclasp the collar. He laid it on the table and hugged around Yoongi’s middle, kissing his cheek every so often to ask for forgiveness.“I love you, Daddy! Please don’t be mad at Jiminie!”“I’m not mad at you, Jiminie baby.” Yoongi laughed at Jimin’s relieved sigh. “Daddy just likes messing with you sometimes.”Jimin giggled. “I know. Jiminie likes messing with Daddy too.”“Besides, you look way better in them than I do.” Yoongi kissed him softly.“Daddy looks so, so pretty in collars!” Jimin said with a shake of his head. “Daddy should get one.”The elder mimicked Jimin’s headshake. “The only collars Daddy’s gonna have are for you.”Jimin sighed, defeated and leaned into Yoongi’s arms again. “Fine,” he said, smiling.



Chapter End Notes
YALL OUTCAST GOT ME SHOOK AF GODDAMN


why did i write so much about collars lmao



Yoongi never really stopped gazing at Jimin’s collar and letting his fingers wander over it. Jimin didn’t seem to mind as much as he had at first. If he was being honest, he kind of liked when Yoongi paid so much attention to him. It had its perks.When he was in little space, Yoongi would kiss him all over and tell him how pretty he looked, buying him more and more collars, much to Jimin’s excitement. The elder would tell Jimin how much he loved the collar, how it made him look like he belonged to him. Jimin loved it when he said that — he loved being Yoongi’s.When Jimin wasn’t in little space, Yoongi would slip on a different choker and get a little more handsy. Jimin would roll his eyes and blush, trying to focus on whatever he was doing instead of indulging Yoongi. Yoongi would get annoyed and pick him up, smirk at his surprised squeal and carry him to the bedroom.Jimin never minded until they were all sitting in the living room watching a movie at Yoongi and Jimin’s place. Jimin was sitting on the couch, wrapped in a blanket and waiting for Yoongi, who had the popcorn. Taehyung and Jungkook were cuddling on the floor. Namjoon and Seokjin were on the other side of the couch, Seokjin practically in Namjoon’s lap. Hoseok was sitting in front of the couch with his head pressed back against Namjoon’s knee.Yoongi rounded the couch with two bowls of popcorn. He put one on the floor and handed one to Namjoon. As he walked back behind Jimin, his hand slipped down to his neck and trailed along the top of the collar. Jimin stiffened as his cheeks heated up. He heard Yoongi laugh quietly behind him.Yoongi came out of the kitchen a few moments later with drinks for everyone. He moved two or three of his fingers between Jimin’s neck and collar, pulling on it harshly and catching Jimin off guard. Jimin made a soft strangled sound and flushed, looking down at his lap. Yoongi chuckled. Yoongi pulled Jimin up from the couch and sat down instead, pulling Jimin down onto his lap. Jimin squeaked and Yoongi hugged him around his waist.As they were watching the movie, Yoongi’s hand traveled up Jimin’s back, innocently creating patterns through his sweatshirt with his fingertips. His fingers trailed a little too high and Jimin’s breath hitched.Jimin quickly realized he wasn’t wearing his innocent pretty baby blue collar, nor his innocent velvet lavender one. Instead, he was wearing the one made of dark leather, the one Yoongi seemed to love the most. He cursed himself for not noticing sooner as Yoongi tugged on it again, sending shivers down his spine.Jimin clenched his jaw and endured it as long as he could. When Yoongi started undoing his collar and kissing his neck, Jimin stood up and grabbed the remote to pause the movie.“Out, out, out,” Jimin said, turning on the lights. Everyone looked at him like he was crazy, save Yoongi who was smirking with red lips. “Out, come on, let’s go.” He picked the three up off the ground and started pushing them towards the door. The two on the couch were next. “Go, leave, yes, goodbye.” When Jimin forced them all out and gave them their belongings, he spun back around and jogged back to the couch, his finger pointing at his boyfriend.“You little shit,” he growled before grabbing Yoongi’s shirt and kissing him heavily. Yoongi smiled against his mouth and winded his fingers into Jimin’s messy hair.Jimin pulled back and looked at the wall, his eyes squinting. Yoongi turned and looked at the wall as well, trying to find what Jimin was looking at.“What are you looking at?” Yoongi asked, confused.Jimin turned back to him with a smile. “Nothing, Daddy.” He got out of Yoongi’s hold and ran down the hallway.“Shit,” Yoongi exclaimed, chasing after him. Jimin was giggling as he went through his collection of collars, trying to find the best one.Yoongi ran into the room the minute Jimin picked up a dark blue one that he was certain sure would look beautiful against Yoongi’s skin. The elder tackled Jimin to the ground, trying not to melt at his adorable giggles.“Not again, Jimin. No,” Yoongi demanded. He pinned the younger’s wrists to the floor.Jimin struggled against him. “Daddy, it’s not fair!”“No!” Yoongi yelled down at him.“Daddy!” Jimin whined.Yoongi glared. “No fucking way!”Jimin pouted and his eyes started to well with tears. Yoongi’s heart nearly broke though he knew they were fake tears. It wasn’t until Jimin’s lip quivered and a tear slipped out of his eye that Yoongi groaned and released his wrists, laying himself down on top of the younger.“Fine.”Jimin immediately squealed happily and clasped it around his neck. He picked Yoongi’s face up and kissed all over his face lightly.“You look great, Daddy!”“I hate you so much,” Yoongi mumbled, kissing Jimin on the cheek.Jimin wrapped his arms around Yoongis’s neck. “I love you too, Daddy.”~Yoongi looked down through his glasses at his notebook as Jimin snuck up on him. He froze as he felt Jimin’s small fingers brush against the back of his collar and pull ever so slightly.“Jimin, stop it,” Yoongi said.The younger only giggled and stuck more of his fingers under Yoongi’s collar. Yoongi nearly growled at him.“Jimin baby, stop,” the elder tried again.His breathing was only minimally labored, but he didn’t like giving Jimin this satisfaction.“But Daddy looks so pretty in glasses. And he’s wearing one of Diminie’s collars.”Yoongi sighed, “How long do I have to wear this for?”“If Daddy keeps his glasses on… Diminie will take it off!”Yoongi nodded frantically, turning around to look at Jimin. “Yes, please. Daddy will keep them on.”Jimin giggled and unclasped the collar. Yoongi leant over the couch immediately and wrapped his hands around Jimin’s waist, pulling him onto the couch from over the back.Jimin yelped and Yoongi positioned him so he was holding Jimin like a baby, supporting his back. Yoongi took off his glasses and blinked, putting them on Jimin’s face.“I dunno, babe. You look pretty good in them too,” Yoongi smiled.Jimin gasped. “I’m getting the collar!”Yoongi’s eyes widened and he put the glasses back on. “No, no, no!” Yoongi put his glasses on and ruffled his own hair nervously.Jimin laughed and leaned against Yoongi’s shoulder. “Okay, fine, Daddy. You win.”Yoongi giggled and pushed his glasses higher on his nose. He leaned down and kissed Jimin.“You know, I’m the one supposed to be giving punishments.”Jimin just laughed again and closed his eyes happily.



why did i write this im dying i love syub



Yoongi’s arms were wrapped around Jimin, hugging his small, warm body close. Jimin’s hair was tickling his nose and he smiled, kissing the back of his head. Jimin turned in his arms and kissed him softly.The younger scrunched his nose and Yoongi furrowed his brow. “What?”“You smell bad,” Jimin giggled. He pinched his nose and inched away.Yoongi rolled his eyes. “I thought morning breath and body odor didn’t matter when love was involved.”Jimin laughed again. “Please go wash up. You smell really bad.”Yoongi snorted and kissed Jimin’s forehead one last time before rolling out of bed. He sauntered to the bathroom. Jimin watched him as he walked in his boxers, shaking his own hair between his fingers. Yoongi shut the door and the sound of the shower turning on floated under the wood.Jimin rolled over and yawned, rubbing his face. He heard a small bell and looked at the bedroom door as Syub walked in. He smiled and cooed at the kitten and tried to summon him by tapping the bed. Syub ignored him and sat over by the bathroom door, licking his paw.Jimin laid back on the bed, closing his eyes. He heard the shower turn off after a few minutes and smiled to himself. Yoongi was always so pretty after showers.The door to their bathroom opened and Yoongi walked out, the only towel on his body around his shoulders. Jimin raised his eyebrows and took full advantage of the view he had.Yoongi continued standing in the doorway, shaking the towel over his damp hair. Jimin watched as Yoongi paused and looked down, directly at Syub.“Jimin, I think your cat is staring at my dick more than you are.”Jimin burst into laughter. He shut his eyes again and laughed into the crook of his elbow. He heard Yoongi snicker from the other side of the room.“No. Wait. Now he’s looking like it’s a play toy.”Jimin smiled and kept his eyes closed, tucking himself further under the covers.“Jimin. Jiminie, I’m serious. Jimin, he’s getting onto his back legs.”Jimin snorted.“No. Shit. Jimin. Jimin, he’s gonna pounce on me! Jimin!” Yoongi yelled, his hands covering his crotch. Jimin kept laughing into the sheets.“Jimin, please. Get your cat before he uses my dick as a toy. Please,” Yoongi begged, still covering himself.Jimin sat up with a sigh and padded over to the cat. Syub was on his back legs with a paw up in the air to swat near Yoongi’s hands. Jimin laughed and picked the kitten up, nuzzling the cat’s face. Syub purred loudly.Yoongi growled. “Why does he like you so much? He was literally about to treat my dick like a fucking toy.”Jimin shrugged with a grin and laid back on bed, setting Syub in his arms next to him. He snuggled up to the kitten, rubbing his head against the soft fur. Syub continued purring and he mewed quietly.Yoongi huffed and put on some clothes. He slipped into bed with Jimin, Syub successfully separating them.“And now he’s taking my spot in your arms. Jiminie,” Yoongi whined. Yoongi reached out his arms. “Cuddle me.”Jimin giggled and let the kitten go, tapping him to get him to move. The cat jumped to the end of the bed and curled up. Yoongi grinned and got closer, letting the younger wrap his arms around him protectively.“You stubborn, jealous, needy little shit,” Jimin whispered, kissing Yoongi’s forehead.Yoongi nodded with a small smile. “Mhm.”



remember when a fan put kitty ears and a collar on yoongi?
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Yoongi stumbled through the door, scratching at his head. He was grumbling as he slammed the door shut. “Jimin!” he yelled.Jimin came into the room with his big sweatshirt hanging off of his body. He looked confused as he took in the sight of Yoongi, then burst into laughter. There were fluffy black cat ears on top of Yoongi’s head and a thick collar around his neck, complete with a dangling bell.“Don’t fucking laugh at me! Take this bullshit off!” Yoongi screamed, tugging at his hair. “Goddamn it, Hoseok!”“Hobi hyung did this to you?” Jimin laughed. Yoongi glared at him.“Yes! He clipped these shits in and they’re pulling on my hair! Jimin!” He sped to Jimin and tilted his head down for Jimin to unclip the ears. “Please. The pins are killing me. How do people wear these?!”Jimin just giggled behind his hand. “I like the collar.”Yoongi groaned and picked his head up, tugging at the collar. “I can’t get the clasp. Please, help.”Jimin kept laughing. His giggles turned higher. “You look so cute in it, Daddy! Like a little kitty!”“Jiminie baby, please take it off. Daddy doesn’t like it.” Yoongi tried to unclip the ears, but they just pulled his hair painfully.“But Daddy’s a cute little kitty cat. The ears match your hair!” Jimin laughed into his hands.Yoongi smacked his head into the nearby wall. “Please.”“Hmmm… But Daddy is so cute.” Jimin reached out and hit the bell on the collar, making it jingle.Yoongi rolled his eyes. “Jiminie,” he whined.Jimin smiled and wrapped his arms around Yoongi’s neck, kissing him momentarily. “Okay, Daddy. But you gotta do something for me first.”Yoongi raised his eyebrows in question. Jimin just smiled back at him sweetly. Yoongi rolled his eyes again as he understood. He grumbled and looked down at Jimin’s lips again, attempting to kiss him. Jimin moved back a bit to avoid him.“Nuh-uh! Do it first!” Jimin demanded.Yoongi groaned momentarily before he looked at Jimin with a straight face. He blatantly said a low toned, “Meow.”“Daddy! Like a kitty!”Yoongi huffed a laugh. He leaned his head down and looked up at Jimin with wide eyes. He pouted slightly and let out a high ‘meow’. Jimin cooed and hugged him close.“You’re so cute, Daddy. Thank youuu~!” Jimin giggled and unclasped the collar, setting it down on the table beside them. Yoongi let out a relieved breath. Jimin reached up and unpinned the ears, placing them down as well.Yoongi took his index finger under Jimin’s chin and lifted his head. He leaned in, keeping his finger in place, and kissed Jimin softly. Jimin melted into his touch while his mind blanked. Yoongi moved his hand to Jimin’s neck and pulled him closer. Jimin tugged on Yoongi’s shirt. Yoongi finally pulled away with a smile.Jimin growled at Yoongi. “How do you always win these games, Daddy? It’s not fair.”Yoongi shrugged. “I gotta win.”Jimin grumbled. “Daddy can win if he kisses me like that. It’s not fair but I get kissies out of it.”Yoongi chuckled and kissed him again.



Chapter End Notes
anGST NEXT CHAPTER FINALLY


:)))))
Chapter Notes
WARNINGS FOR THIS CHAPTER:-imp sexual assault-a bit graphic-no happy ending c:



Yoongi groaned as a knocking on the apartment door cut him off in the middle of his book. As the knocking sounded again, he finally got up and shuffled to the door. When he opened the door, his face changed so quickly his glasses dropped a bit on his nose.Jimin fell into his arms, sobbing. Yoongi instinctively held him, lowering the two of them to the floor under Jimin’s weight. Jimin was gasping for air into his shirt.Yoongi looked up at the door and saw where blood from Jimin’s knuckles had smeared. He looked down at the younger and saw blood covering the side of his face and most of his clothes. Yoongi held Jimin up a bit, getting a better glimpse of his face. Jimin stopped sobbing so hard and closed his eyes, his expression showing he wasn’t mentally with himself, like he was in shock.Yoongi could barely breathe as Jimin somehow looked worse than when he had gotten hit by the car. Blood ran freely down his face from a large gash on his forehead. His lip was split in multiple places, almost like someone else had bitten it. One of his eyes had a dark bruise and looked like it was on the verge of swelling. There were bloody marks all over Jimin’s neck that made Yoongi’s stomach sink. He held onto the younger again, trying to comfort him. Jimin’s warm tears spilled onto his shirt as he rocked the younger in his arms.~Yoongi picked Jimin up gently, carrying him over to the couch. He set the younger down and placed a pillow under his head, brushing away his bloody bangs to kiss his forehead. Yoongi got a few washcloths and ran them under warm water.Yoongi kneeled next to the couch and carefully dabbed at Jimin’s face. Jimin was staring at some spot on the ceiling, tears dripping down the sides of his face silently. Yoongi kissed them away when he could.Once the blood on his face was gone, except for when the cuts bled more, Yoongi moved to his clothes. He started unbuttoning Jimin’s shirt, only for Jimin to gasp and shake his head, pushing his hands away with tightly scrunched eyes.Yoongi tried not to let his voice crack as he held Jimin’s face in his hands and whispered to him, “Jiminie. It’s okay, baby. It’s just me. It’s Yoongi. It’s just Yoongi hyung.” He shut his own eyes tightly, keeping the tears at bay.Jimin visibly relaxed into his hold and Yoongi took that as his cue to get back to work. He slowly unbuttoned Jimin’s shirt to find slash marks down his beautiful chest, crescent marks on his sides from someone’s nails. Yoongi’s heart clenched and he finally let himself cry, placing his head on Jimin’s abdomen and letting out quiet sobs.Yoongi sat back up and breathed shakily. He picked up another washcloth and dabbed around the slashes on Jimin’s chest, trying to effectively clean them. Jimin kept squirming and whimpering from the pain. Yoongi shushed him and played with Jimin’s hair with one hand as he worked.Yoongi didn’t want to. He didn’t want to unbutton Jimin’s jeans. He didn’t. He looked up at Jimin, who was looking down at him, fear evident in his gorgeous eyes. Yoongi’s own eyes flooded with tears. Jimin shook his head, his brows furrowing. Yoongi just took a deep breath and undid the button and zipper.“Y-Yoongi, don’t—” Jimin tried, his voice scratchy. He didn’t even bother with honorifics. Yoongi couldn’t bring it in himself to mind.Yoongi gave him a sympathetic look before he pulled down Jimin’s jeans to his knees. He instinctively reached out and grabbed Jimin’s hand, Jimin squeezing his fingers in response. Yoongi took in the sight of his thighs that were covered with splotches of red and purple. Blood was smeared on some of them. Yoongi’s breathing quickened.Jimin pulled Yoongi away from his thighs and up to his face, reaching up and brushing his hand across Yoongi’s cheek. Yoongi leaned into his palm and sobbed.“Jiminie, who… What?” Yoongi asked. He looked at his boyfriend underneath him.Jimin stayed quiet and brought Yoongi down to kiss him. Something about the action felt final.~Yoongi tried to call the police. Jimin glared him down until Yoongi put the phone away and returned to his side.Yoongi tried to see if there were more injuries. Jimin just stayed still and ignored him, avoiding his scared eyes.Yoongi tried to ask what happened. Jimin stayed quiet.Yoongi gave up and fell onto the carpet, crying into his hands. Jimin just stayed on the couch and looked away as he tried not to cry himself.~He didn’t know how long he had been crying, but when he looked up at Jimin, Jimin was in tears as well, not looking at him. Yoongi made himself get up and go to Jimin again.Jimin refused to look at him. Yoongi held his face in his hands, bringing his head to face him. Jimin shut his eyes.“Jimin, please. Please, please. Let me call someone. Let me just—”Jimin shook his head.“B-But I don’t know what to do,” Yoongi said through his tears, his voice cracking into a higher pitch. “I want to help and I don’t know what to do.”Jimin finally looked at him. His usually beautiful, radiant, happy eyes were full of guilt and fear. Yoongi gripped his shoulders as he laid his head on the younger’s chest and cried quietly, shaking.“Why won’t you tell me what happened?” Yoongi asked with a soft sniffle.Jimin looked at him sadly and shook his head a bit. Yoongi’s heart broke.“I don’t understand… I don’t understand why you won’t just tell me… Jiminie baby, let me help you.”Jimin sighed and looked away, pain still evident on his face. Yoongi wished he had called the ambulance. Jimin surely needed stitches in multiple places.Yoongi leaned down to kiss Jimin again, but Jimin turned away. Yoongi could have thrown himself out of a fucking window. Yoongi brushed his fingers through Jimin’s hair.“Jimin-ah…”Jimin’s lip quivered and he shut his eyes tightly.“Please…” Yoongi tried again, his voice shaking. He couldn’t bear seeing Jimin in so much pain. “I-I love you.”Jimin’s face contorted as he sobbed. His body shook heavily. Yoongi hugged him softly. Jimin tucked his head into Yoongi’s neck and let himself cry.



angst angst angst
Chapter Notes
WARNINGS:-rape mention/implied-not actual rape though-sexual assault ment-graphic?



“You need stitches, baby. Please. They won’t stop bleeding.” Yoongi let his hands hover over all the wounds on Jimin’s torso. They kept soaking through the towels Yoongi used.Jimin shook his head and kept his eyes closed. Yoongi exhaled loudly.“Let me call Hoseokie at least.”The only response Yoongi got from him was scared sobs. Yoongi sat up, grabbing his phone. Jimin looked at him while shaking his head rapidly.“I’m calling him, okay? You’re bleeding. You haven’t… stopped bleeding.”Jimin started crying softly, begging him not to. Yoongi made himself call.~Yoongi only left Jimin’s side to open the door when Hoseok arrived. Hoseok immediately ran inside, looking for Jimin.“Where is he, hyung?” Hoseok asked.Yoongi’s face dropped as he followed after Hoseok. “What do you mean? He’s on the cou—” Yoongi was cut off when he looked at the empty couch. There was a little blood on the cushions from where Jimin’s chest had been bleeding.The two whipped their heads toward the hallway when they heard a thump. Yoongi pushed past Hoseok and ran down the hallway to his bedroom, throwing open the door.Jimin had a hand on the dresser and he was swaying a bit. Yoongi caught him just as he was about to fall over. Hoseok ran in directly after.“Seokseok, call an ambulance.”Jimin clung to Yoongi, still crying. “No, no, no, please, no.” He shoved his face into Yoongi’s shirt. “Please,” he begged. “Please, please, don’t. No.”Yoongi soothed him and Hoseok pulled out his phone, leaving the room to call an ambulance. Jimin searched for purchase in the material of Yoongi’s shirt frantically, trying to ground himself. Yoongi rocked him back and forth, kissing his head and hugging him tightly.~“I don’t wanna be here again, I wanna go home. Daddy, please, I don’t wanna… I wanna go home. I-I’m scared, I… Daddy…” Jimin cried, not letting go of Yoongi. The doctors were trying to put Jimin in a wheelchair because he was dizzy and almost passing out from blood loss.Yoongi was crying as well, but silently. Jimin was clinging to his shirt and arms, trying to get away from the doctors. Yoongi wiped his wet face on his sleeve and helped Jimin into the wheelchair. Jimin cried and tried to get up, but Yoongi held him down.“I’ll push him. Don’t touch him, I’ll push him,” Yoongi said. The doctors nodded and moved out of his way as he got to the back of the wheelchair.Jimin grabbed his hand and cried against Yoongi’s arm as the elder pushed him in the wheelchair, following the doctors. Yoongi breathed shallowly to keep himself from crying just as hard.The doctors led the two of them to a room, then tried to lift Jimin up onto the bed. Jimin whimpered and clawed at Yoongi’s arm.“I said not to touch him!” Yoongi yelled. The doctors backed away.Yoongi wrapped an arm around Jimin’s back and the other under his knees, picking him up bridal style. Jimin whimpered again and clung to him. Yoongi placed him gently on the bed, kissing his face softly.Jimin grabbed him and pulled him closer, throwing his arms over Yoongi’s neck. “I’m scared,” the younger whispered.“I know, baby, I know. Trust me, little prince. You’re gonna be okay. Daddy loves you and would never put you in danger. Okay? I love you.”Jimin looked up at him. Yoongi could feel him shaking. The younger nodded. “I-I love y-you too, Daddy.”~Hoseok picked them up from the hospital after Jimin had gotten his stitches. Jimin refused to talk to anyone about how he had gotten so badly hurt. Yoongi sat with him in the back of Hoseok’s car as he continued to cry. Yoongi shushed him and kissed his forehead to try and calm him. He tried to kiss the younger fully, but Jimin kept his face turned away.When they got back to the apartment, Yoongi helped him to the bedroom. He thanked Hoseok and sent him home, knowing — hoping — Jimin would only be comfortable with him.Yoongi crawled into bed with him. He tried to pull Jimin close to him as usual, but Jimin stayed in place. The elder felt his throat tighten a bit and his eyes sting.“Jiminie? Baby?” Yoongi mumbled. Jimin stayed quiet, hugging a small pillow to his chest.“Jiminie… Look at me, little one,” Yoongi said, reaching for him again.“I’m not little,” Jimin said blatantly.Yoongi nodded against his pillow. “Jimin, please.”Jimin shook his head.“Why won’t you tell me?” Yoongi asked, beginning to get frustrated. “What the hell happened, Jimin? Who did this to you?”“I don’t want to talk about it, hyung.” Jimin exhaled and clutched the pillow tighter.Yoongi was silent for a moment. “Is it as bad as I’m thinking…?”Jimin sniffled. “Hyung, I…”“Is it? Your… Your neck and th-thighs and… N-nail marks on your s-side…”“Hyung,” Jimin whispered. “Don’t. Please.”Yoongi felt a tear slip down his cheek. “Jiminie, did someone…?”Jimin fidgeted, his legs becoming a bit stiff.“Did s-someone rape you?” Yoongi finally asked, his voice dropped at the end.Jimin turned around to face him on the bed, tears in his eyes. Yoongi reached and brushed his fingers over Jimin’s cheek.The younger shook his head. “N-Not exactly…”“What do… Jiminie, what happened?” Yoongi asked quietly, not sure that he really wanted to know.Jimin sniffled again. Yoongi held his hands.“I was… I was getting you coffee and… s-someone grabbed me… Yoongi hyung, I’m sorry…”Yoongi furrowed his brows. “What is it, Jiminie? You can tell me. Please. Please, I wanna help you.”“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I didn’t… I’m sorry…” Jimin cried. He took one of his hands and cried into it. “Yoongi hyung, it was Kihyun.”



what happened
Chapter Notes
WARNINGS:-graphic depiction of violence-sexual assault-lots of crying (from me)



“K-Kihyun?” Yoongi asked, his mouth hanging open.Jimin nodded and moved closer to Yoongi. Yoongi kind of stared through him, in shock.“I’m sorry, I…”“What happened?” Yoongi demanded. He snapped his gaze back to Jimin’s.“I don’t… I shouldn’t have…”“Jimin.” Yoongi swallowed. “What did he do?”Jimin clutched onto Yoongi, tucking his face into the elder’s neck. Yoongi listened as Jimin explained.
Jimin had gone to the coffee shop to get Yoongi his coffee. It had been on his way home anyway. Jimin thought it would be fine. But as he was getting into the car, someone shoved his face against the glass. Jimin had screamed, but the guy had covered his mouth, telling him to keep quiet with a slight Ilsan accent.

Jimin had obeyed. The guy dropped Jimin’s coffee and literally dragged Jimin to his car. Jimin couldn’t see his face. Jimin was thrown into the back of his car and when he tried to get out, tried to open the doors, there was a safety lock system. The man climbed into the back as well.

Jimin yelled out and the guy shoved a cloth in his mouth.

“Quiet,” the man had said. Jimin just kept struggling under his weight.

Jimin got an arm free and reached up to pull off his attacker’s hood.

Kihyun glared down at him angrily. “You stupid fuck!”

Jimin spit out the cloth. “Kihyun?! What the f—”

Kihyun clamped his hand over Jimin’s mouth. “You don’t get to fucking talk. You bitch. You stupid fucking bitch.” He leaned down and bit on Jimin’s neck.

Jimin’s eyes widened and he tried to push Kihyun away. Kihyun growled and flipped Jimin over, straddling his waist from behind. Jimin cried out and kicked at him as the elder zip-tied his wrists.

“Don’t fucking move or it’ll be so much worse.”

Jimin obeyed and cried openly into the material of the seat. Kihyun attached his mouth to his neck again, biting hard enough to draw blood. Once he had deemed Jimin’s neck perfect, he flipped the younger back over.

Jimin begged for him to stop. Kihyun only tried to shove the cloth back into his mouth. Jimin bit his fingers and Kihyun swore, striking Jimin in the face, catching his eye.

Kihyun leaned down and kissed Jimin roughly. Jimin tried to resist, only for Kihyun to bite his lips, causing them to bleed.

“You’re a sick fucking bitch. Yoongi hyung doesn’t fucking deserve you, you weak shit. He’d be better off without you. Maybe if I mark you up, he’ll want to leave you, like he should.”

Jimin sobbed and struggled again. Kihyun pushed him down and tearing open the buttons on his shirt. Kihyun took out a pocket knife and...
Yoongi sat up and pulled Jimin into his arms, kissing his head softly. Jimin cried against him. The younger waited for his breathing to slow to begin talking again.
Kihyun took out a pocket knife and flipped open the blade. He dragged it in one smooth motion across Jimin’s chest. Jimin had screamed. 

Kihyun did this a few more times, then stabbed the knife into the seat, right next to Jimin’s head. It looked loose.

“Struggle and it’ll fall on your ugly face. Don’t fucking move.”

Jimin stared up in fear at the knife and cried. Kihyun undid his jeans and pulled them down. Jimin shut his eyes tightly. He felt Kihyun’s nails digging into his sides, making him whimper.

Kihyun made quick work of Jimin’s thighs, hickeys covering the skin. When Kihyun pulled back, he decided he wanted Jimin to hurt more. He bit into the hickeys and surrounding skin, hearing Jimin scream as blood was drawn. Kihyun smiled and pulled his pants back up, then buttoned Jimin’s shirt.

“And don’t you fucking dare tell him it was me. He won’t believe you. I was his best fucking friend.” Kihyun sat Jimin up and pulled the zip-tie even tighter.

Jimin took his opportunity and yanked his wrists in opposite directions, breaking the tie. He grabbed the knife and stabbed it through Kihyun’s thigh, surprising him. Kihyun cried out and fell onto the seat. Jimin scrambled to the front of the car and opened the door. He had fallen on the way out, but immediately ran to his car and drove away.
Yoongi stared into space as Jimin cried onto his shoulder. He ran a hand through Jimin’s hair.“D-Do you... believe me...?” Jimin asked, sniffling.Yoongi hesitated.Jimin pushed away from him. “Hyung? Y-You believe me, right...? He… Kihyun…” Jimin looked at Yoongi’s eyes, which weren’t looking at him. “Hyung...?”Yoongi licked his lips and looked down at Jimin, avoiding his eyes.“You don’t… believe me…” Jimin whispered, more like a statement than a question.Yoongi finally met his gaze. “Jimin, I—”Jimin wiped his face and stepped out of bed. Jimin started walking to the door. Yoongi didn’t hesitate this time, getting up and running towards him.Yoongi caught his wrist and Jimin yanked out of his hold. Jimin pushed through the bedroom door and walked into the living room, grabbing his jacket.“Jimin, no, I—” Yoongi trailed after him, trying to get him to stop.Jimin started on his way to the door. Yoongi ran towards the door and got to it before the younger. Yoongi blocked the door.“Move, hyung,” Jimin demanded. He stood close to Yoongi, barely giving the elder room to breathe.Yoongi shook his head. “No. No, I believe you. I believe you, Jiminie.”“If you believed me, you would have said it right away.” Jimin tried to grab for the door.Yoongi blocked his hand. “I believe you. I just can’t imagine he would… do that. But I believe you.”Jimin narrowed his eyes at him. “Let me leave.”Yoongi shook his head again, a few tears spilling from his eyes.“Yoongi, I want to leave.”Yoongi kept shaking his head. “Please don’t leave me. I can’t… Don’t leave me.”“Hyung—”Yoongi shook his head frantically. He kept crying. “Please don’t leave me…” He loosened his hold on the door.Jimin’s face softened and he cupped Yoongi’s face, wiping away his tears. “Hyung, it’s… I’m not gonna leave you…”Yoongi kept crying and Jimin hugged him close, a hand on the back of his head.“I’m not leaving. I’d never leave you. Hyung, I wouldn’t.” Jimin’s breath hitched. “Daddy, please stop crying.” Jimin tucked his face into Yoongi’s neck. “Jiminie just… Jiminie wants Daddy to believe him. Jiminie’s sorry it was Kihyun. Maybe it was all Jiminie’s fault. Please stop crying. Why does Daddy think I’m gonna leave him?”Yoongi pulled back and wiped his face on his sleeves. “Daddy was scared because… because Jiminie wouldn’t kiss Daddy. Jiminie was sad and wouldn’t let Daddy kiss him and… I’m sorry, baby. I believe you, okay? Nothing was your fault. Daddy will try — I will fix it. Okay?”Jimin nodded and hugged Yoongi again. “Can we go back to bed, Daddy? I’m scared and I miss you.”Yoongi brought Jimin’s face closer to his. He carefully pressed his lips against the younger’s, kissing him for the first time in probably days. Yoongi could have cried again. He missed Jimin’s lips against his.Yoongi pulled back and nodded, leading Jimin back into the bedroom. Jimin laid on the bed and Yoongi carefully pulled up Jimin’s shirt.“Daddy?” Jimin whispered, confused.Yoongi leaned down and kissed Jimin’s stitches on his chest. He moved down each stitch, being as careful as he could. He reached down to Jimin’s thighs, kissing each of the teeth marks and hickeys. Yoongi moved to Jimin’s neck and kissed every mark there as well.When the elder looked down at Jimin again, there were tears in the younger’s eyes. He pulled Yoongi down onto the bed and snuggled against him, sniffling into his neck. Yoongi smiled and kissed his head, closing his eyes to sleep cuddled next to Jimin like he used to.



they got 'im!



“What do you fucking mean you can’t do anything?! Do you want to see what he fucking did?! He saw his fucking face!” Yoongi screamed into the phone.
”Sir, please. We’re trying to do what we can—”
“Fucking try harder! This is fucking bullshit!” Yoongi stomped his foot.”We have no proof right now. Park Jimin-ssi wouldn’t let us look at his injuries. We can’t keep him here after 48 hours if we have no proof.” The woman sounded exhausted and like she was trying to keep herself calm.“I’ll fucking bring him down then so you can see! Don’t you dare let that fucker go.” Yoongi hung up the phone. He growled and kicked the wall. He placed a hand on the wall above his head and rested his forehead against the cool wallpaper.Jimin walked in, hesitation evident on his face. “D-Daddy?”Yoongi softened and looked at Jimin sadly. He bent down to give him a quick kiss. “Hey, baby.”“Why was Daddy yelling?” Jimin asked, tilting his head to the side. The nasty bruises and cuts still adorned his body.Yoongi sighed. “It’s okay, baby boy. Forget about that. I need to tell you something, okay?”Jimin nodded and took Yoongi’s hands in his. Yoongi placed a quick kiss to the top of one of his hands.“I know you hate it, baby, but the police need to look at what he did to you. Otherwise, they have to let Kihyun go. Do you think you can be a brave boy and let them look at you?” Yoongi asked, searching Jimin’s eyes.Jimin pouted and looked down at his feet. He rocked back on his heels. “I guess so, Daddy,” he mumbled.“What a good boy.” Yoongi smiled and kissed his forehead, ruffling his hair. “Come on, sweetheart. We have to go now, okay?”Jimin nodded and let Yoongi put his sweatshirt on. Yoongi pressed one last kiss to his cheek and put on both of their shoes. The elder led a shaking Jimin from the apartment.~“Okay, Jimin-ssi. I’m going to ask you to take off your sweatshirt.”Jimin hesitated and Yoongi reached out to rub at the small of his back. Jimin relaxed in his hold and Yoongi pulled up the hem of his sweatshirt, taking it off for him.“Oh, your shirt too. And the pants would be good.” The nurse went back to writing on her clipboard. Just watching her write things down made Yoongi’s stomach sink.Jimin looked at Yoongi with wide eyes. Yoongi hushed him and kissed his temple. “It’s okay, baby. It’ll be okay.”Yoongi helped Jimin undress, leaving him sitting on the cold table in nothing but boxers. Jimin was flushing and Yoongi was sure he was about to cry. The woman came over and inspected the wounds on his chest. She reached out to look at one closer and Jimin flinched. She apologized.She looked over at his neck and narrowed her eyes at the teeth marks. “Do you have more of the teeth marks?”Jimin nodded and pointed to his thighs. She smiled sadly and moved down. She picked up a camera and snapped a few photos of the marks.“We’ll have him take teeth imprints. If his teeth match these marks… Well, if they don’t, we’ll have to let him go.”Yoongi nodded and thanked her. She left the room so Jimin could get dressed once more.Yoongi walked over to him and was immediately enveloped in the smaller’s arms. Yoongi was quiet until he heard Jimin sniffle against his stomach.“Hey,” he whispered. He squatted down to be eye level with the younger. There were tears in his eyes. “Baby, hey. It’s okay, love. Don’t cry on me.” He wiped at some of his tears. “Daddy likes it when you’re happy.”Jimin nodded and wiped at his eyes. “I-I wanna go home, Daddy.”Yoongi nodded and kissed his forehead. “We can go home now. Don’t worry, baby.”Jimin just nodded again and closed his eyes, clinging to Yoongi’s shirt.~Yoongi was cuddled up to Jimin on the couch when his phone rang. He pulled away, kissing Jimin’s cheek, and went into the kitchen to take the call.“Hello?”
”Min Yoongi-ssi?”
“Yes? What is it?” He nervously bit his lip and bounced his leg in place.
“The teeth prints on Park Jimin-ssi’s thighs and neck matches perfectly with Yoo Kihyun’s teeth and dental records. We have him in custody.”
Yoongi let out a shaky breath and placed a palm on the table. He closed his eyes and breathed out. “Thank you, thank you.” He hung up the phone and walked back to the living room.“Jiminie?”Jimin looked over at him, messy hair and wide eyes. The collar around his neck stood out in the dim light.“Jiminie, they got him. Okay? He can’t hurt you anymore. The teeth matched, baby.”Jimin burst into tears. Yoongi ran over and pulled him into his arms. Jimin just kept sobbing into his chest and shaking. Yoongi could only pet through his hair and try to comfort him.“No, no, baby, don’t cry. Oh no. It’s okay, it’s okay.”Jimin clung to him. “I was so scared, Daddy.”Yoongi pet his hair. “I know, I know. You’re fine, it’s okay. It’s getting late, baby boy. Why don’t we go to bed?”Jimin nodded and let Yoongi pick him up. Yoongi brought him into bed. Jimin put one of his legs through Yoongi’s, the other thrown over Yoongi’s top leg. Yoongi smiled and pulled Jimin into his arms, kissing his temple repeatedly.



caffeine



The marks were finally faded after another week or two. Yoongi kissed the areas repeatedly whenever he could. Jimin was very adamant about the fact that his kisses healed him.~Jimin walked into the living room to see Yoongi curled up on the couch, having fallen asleep while watching TV. As he rounded the couch, he saw white fur in Yoongi’s arms. Jimin gasped quietly and pulled out his phone. After getting a few pictures of Yoongi legitimately cuddling Syub, he giggled and woke Yoongi up.“Yoongi hyung!”Yoongi jolted awake, making the cat jump out of his arms. Yoongi reached after the cat like he wanted him back, then realized what he was doing and sat up.Jimin giggled. “I can’t believe you were cuddling Syub.”Yoongi rubbed his arm and blushed deeply. “I was cold and he was warm and the purring felt cool.”Jimin just laughed again and kissed him. “I think we need a new coffee shop.”Yoongi looked at him, confused. “Why?”Jimin dropped his face and stared at him. “We’ve both been assaulted there. Really, hyung?”“Oh yeah,” Yoongi said. He smiled a bit and stretched. “Alright. But we gotta find one that makes the decaf the way you like it. No caffeine for you.”Jimin groaned. “Hyung, I am a grown ass man.”“You legitimately bounce off the fucking walls when you have caffeine. You pushed off the wall and broke a mirror that one time.”Jimin pouted and crossed his arms. “Fine.”~Yoongi came home after a few hours with two new coffees. “Jiminie!”Jimin walked to the door and greeted Yoongi. “You found a new place?”Yoongi beamed and nodded. “Here, I think this one’s yours. I asked for what you specifically liked.”Jimin kissed him. “Yay!” He took a sip of the coffee and hummed. “That’s really good.”Yoongi slung an arm around his shoulder and nuzzled his head into the younger’s cheek before moving to the couch.~“Daddy, daddy, daddy, daddy, daddy, daddy,” Jimin was squealing, spinning around.Yoongi had his head in his hands. “Yes, Jimin?”“Play, play, play, with me, me, me,” the younger sang. Jimin stopped spinning and stumbled, falling over onto the carpet. “Whoa. Dizzy. Who tilted everything?”Yoongi snorted and rubbed at his face. “I knew that coffee didn’t taste right. Goddamnit.”“What do you mean — whoa, spinny — mean, Daddy?”“I mean, you got my coffee. Now I’m gonna be tired as shit and you’re gonna be… well…” Yoongi gestured at the younger on the floor, whose eyes were looking quickly around the room.Jimin giggled and got up, sprinting towards Yoongi and tackling him. Yoongi yelped and Jimin pinned him on the couch, covering his face in thousands of butterfly kisses. Yoongi smiled and pushed him away. Jimin just took his wrists and pinned them, continuing with his kisses.“Jiminie, get off of me,” Yoongi laughed. “I can’t wait for your caffeine crash.”Jimin giggled and straddled Yoongi’s waist. He lightly tapped on Yoongi’s chest in a rhythm. “I think we should go to the park, or the movies, or to Uncle Namjoonie and Uncle Jinnie’s, or, or Jungkookie’s and Taetae’s!”“How about we stay here and wait for you to pass out instead?”“Can I keep kissing Daddy?” Jimin asked, pouting.Yoongi sighed. “Sure, baby. It’s not like I can go anywhere anyway with you on top of me.”Jimin squealed, very loudly, and started kissing all over Yoongi’s face again. It tickled, making Yoongi thrash and free his arms. Instead, he flipped their position and started tickling the younger.Jimin squealed and tried to get away. Yoongi kept tickling him mercilessly until Jimin was panting. Yoongi leaned down and kissed him, making him giggle once more.~It had been five hours and Jimin was still as hyper as he had been at first. There was paint on the walls now. There goes that deposit.Yoongi was starting to get worried. He was almost certain this was the most caffeine Jimin had drank in three years, maybe longer. It wasn’t just regular caffeine either. It was Yoongi’s coffee, so it had about three times the normal amount of caffeine. Yoongi decided to call Seokjin.“Jin hyung, he won’t stop running around. What the hell do I do?”
“I don’t know? Try getting him to sit down and stay still.”
Yoongi thanked him and hung up. He called for Jimin, who came sprinting into the room.“Yes, Daddy!”“Jiminie, come sit down for a second.” Yoongi sat on the couch and patted the cushion next to him.Jimin jumped onto the couch and into Yoongi’s arms. He bounced a bit.
“No, no. Just sit down and stay still, okay?”Jimin nodded, leaning onto Yoongi. Yoongi brushed through his hair with his fingers. Jimin closed his eyes and sighed with a smile.The longer he stayed still and in Yoongi’s arms, the more tired Jimin got. Soon enough, he had fallen asleep against him. Yoongi smiled and let him sleep.



horror movie



“I-I dunno, Taetae. I don’t think Daddy would want me to.” Jimin crossed his arms and rocked nervously on his nails.“Come on, J-Jiminie! P-Pleaasseee!” Taehyung begged, jumping up and down. “I’m not s-supposed to either! H-How bad c-could it be?”Jimin thought for a minute. Taehyung took that as a yes and grabbed Jimin’s hand. Jimin let the younger guide him to the living room. Taehyung sat Jimin down on the couch and turned on the scariest, goriest movie available.~Taehyung and Jimin cuddled each other on the couch, crying and shaking. Neither of them had the courage to look at the television to even turn it off. The screams and horrible sounds from the movie kept piercing their ears and making them cry harder.Jungkook came into the room with pizza for the two of them. Upon entering the room, Jungkook ran over and put the plates down. He quickly blocked the television until he could turn it off completely.“What the hell, guys?!” Jungkook yelled.The two littles flinched and continued sobbing. Jungkook softened and walked over, kneeling in front of the couch. He took one of each of their hands and kissed their knuckles.“It’s okay. Hey. It was just a movie. It’s okay.”Taehyung flung himself into Jungkook’s arms. Jungkook sighed and rubbed his back as Taehyung sniffled into his shirt.At that moment, Yoongi walked into the apartment. Only five steps inside and he had an armful of sobbing Jimin.“Whoa, baby. Sweetie, what’s wrong?” Yoongi pulled Jimin away from him and held his cheeks.“D-Daddy, s-scared. H-hold me.” Jimin hugged Yoongi again, tightly.“Okay, okay. Shh,” Yoongi said, brushing the hair on the back of his head. Yoongi looked over at Taehyung and Jungkook, seeing them in a similar position. “What happened?”Taehyung leaned back from Jungkook. “I-I’m sorry, U-Uncle Yoon! I j-just wanted to watch a m-movie!”Yoongi looked down at Jimin. “You watched a horror movie?”Jimin nodded sadly. He looked beyond guilty as he clung to him. “S-Sorry, Daddy.”Yoongi nodded over at Jungkook and picked Jimin up easily, letting him hide his face in Yoongi’s neck. He exited Jungkook and Taehyung’s apartment, carrying Jimin all the way to the car.~Jimin sat on the couch, twiddling his thumbs and looking at his lap. Yoongi sat down on the chair next to the couch. He kept his arms crossed and bounced his foot as he watched him.“Jiminie?” he asked calmly.Jimin kept his gaze down, not wanting to look at Yoongi’s disappointed face.“Jimin-ah,” Yoongi snapped.Jimin looked at Yoongi immediately. He shrunk under Yoongi’s gaze, wanting to hide. His shoulders folded in and his toes curled nervously.“What did you do wrong?”“I-I watched a b-bad movie and I wasn’t supposed to.” Jimin sniffled. “I broke a rule.”Yoongi nodded. “What happens when you break a rule?”Jimin gulped. “I get punished.”“Yes, baby. I’m so sorry.” He smiled sadly. “You have to learn somehow.”“Maybe I’ll learn from a good talk with Daddy?” Jimin looked up with hopeful eyes.Yoongi shook his head. “Nuh-uh.”Jimin’s face dropped. “Then what, Daddy? I promise I’ll do anything. I’m good, I swear. I’ve learned,” Jimin pleaded. He bit his lip and nodded quickly.Yoongi thought for a minute. “No TV for a week.”Jimin continued nodding with more fervor. “Is that it, Daddy? I can do that.”
Yoongi shook his head slightly. He reached up as if he was rubbing the nape of Jimin’s neck. Instead, he unclasped Jimin’s collar.“Daddy, no!”Yoongi took the collar away and held it in his hands. “I’m sorry, my love. Just for a little while. You’ve broken this rule too many times. At least twice in the last month.”“B-But, Daddy! Daddy, it had nothing to do with my collar!” Jimin whined.Yoongi sighed again. “Yes, but you haven’t learned the other times I punished you for the same thing. I’m sorry, baby boy. I needed a worse punishment.”Jimin’s eyes filled with tears and he nodded. “I understand, Daddy. I won’t break it again.”Yoongi kissed his forehead.“Can I cuddle Daddy? I’m sad and sorry.”Yoongi chuckled a bit. “Yes, prince. Come here.” He opened his arms, letting the younger settle comfortably into them.~Yoongi snuck up on Jimin, who was laying on the couch, looking at his phone. Yoongi carefully slipped the collar back around Jimin’s neck, smiling at his little gasp. Yoongi clasped it and took Jimin’s phone, placing it on the table. He flipped Jimin over to look at him and used his body to pin the younger to the couch. Jimin stared back at him, eyes wide.“Baby boy?” Yoongi muttered, staring at the younger’s lips.Jimin shook his head softly. Yoongi smirked as he lowered his face, fully catching Jimin’s lips in his. Jimin followed his lead, fighting for dominance in the kiss. Yoongi tilted Jimin’s head and pulled on his hair. Jimin mewled and gave up, letting Yoongi take control.



little hoseokie~



Jimin and Taehyung sat on the ground, playing with their stuffies. Occasionally, one of them let out a loud squeal and it would cause the other to giggle. Hoseok walked into the room and grinned, tousling each of the little’s hair.“Uncle Hobiii, will you play with usss?” Jimin asked, sticking out his bottom lip.Taehyung joined. “Please~?”Hoseok plopped down on the carpet, facing the two of them. “Of course, sunshines.”The two giggled and handed him a stuffed animal, getting him to play.~Namjoon and Seokjin walked into the room, them being the two taking care of the littles today. Hoseok had come over to help and they trusted him to keep Jimin and Taehyung occupied.Seokjin froze at the door, making Namjoon slam into him from behind. Namjoon coughed, surprised. “Hyung, what?”Seokjin stared at the three on the floor, noticing something was different. Not necessarily wrong, just very different. Hoseok was laying on the floor, humming to himself as he played with a stuffed animal. His legs were kicking up behind him. Taehyung was laid on him, his head resting on the small of Hoseok’s back. Jimin was laying across Taehyung’s lap.“Hoseok-ah?” Seokjin called.Hoseok picked his head up and looked at Seokjin. “Hi, hyung!” he said in a higher voice than normal. He was positively beaming.Seokjin walked over and sat in front of Hoseok, holding his face in his hands. “You feeling okay?”Hoseok nodded. “I feel great!”Seokjin shot Namjoon a look. Namjoon returned it. The eldest turned back to Hoseok and smiled. “Alright, sweetie. You have fun playing with Jiminie and Taehyungie, okay?”Hoseok nodded, a slight blush on his cheeks. “Yes, Jinnie hyung!”~Yoongi knocked on the door. Seokjin ran and threw it open, grabbing Yoongi’s arm and pulling him inside. Yoongi yelped but let the eldest drag him into a bedroom.”What?” Yoongi drawled, rubbing his arm once Seokjin let it go.“I think Hoseokie’s a little, Yoon.”Yoongi quirked his head to the side. “What do you mean?”“I mean, he was playing with Taehyung-ah and Jiminie and he started acting… little? I don’t know. You know more about this than anyone.” Seokjin reached up and scratched his own head. “Could you see if I’m right?”Yoongi glared at him. “How the hell would I know?”“Yoongi-yah~!” Seokjin whined. He bounced in place.“Fine, fine,” Yoongi agreed. “I’ll see.”Seokjin grinned and patted him on the shoulder. The eldest opened the door, pushing Yoongi out into the hallway. He directed Yoongi towards the two — or three — littles.Yoongi knelt down near the floor, Jimin coming over and attacking him with kisses. Yoongi giggled and tousled his hair, saying hello. Yoongi moved to Taehyung next, kissing his forehead.“What about me, Yoonie hyung?”Yoongi looked over at Hoseok with a sweet smile. “Of course, Seokseok.” Yoongi kissed his forehead and playfully pinched his ear, making Hoseok giggle.Yoongi looked up to Seokjin, who was watching them with crossed arms. Yoongi nodded and shrugged as he sat on the floor next to Jimin. Seokjin nodded as well and went to find Namjoon.~“Namjoon-ah?” Seokjin called, walking into the kitchen.Namjoon was seated at the table staring at his laptop. “Hm? Were we right?”Seokjin sighed and sat down. “Yoon thinks so.”Namjoon nodded and sat back in his chair. “Okay. So?”Seokjin shrugged. “I don’t know. There’s nothing wrong with it. I’m just worried for him.”“Worried how?”“I don’t know. I know littles don’t technically need someone, but Jiminie and Tae do, and they have Yoongi and Jungkookie. Hoseok is like Jiminie and Taehyung-ah combined.” Seokjin ran a hand through his hair.The younger sighed. “Yeah. So...?” He looked back down at his computer.
There was a moment of silence before, “Joonie, can we take care of him?”
Namjoon snapped his gaze up to Seokjin. “What?”“I mean…” Seokjin cleared his throat. “You really seem to like taking care of Jiminie and Taetae and... you always have the biggest smile when you’re with them. I love it too, so much. And if Hoseok needs someone… Why not, right?”Namjoon was quiet for a minute as he thought. He eventually shrugged and his mouth quirked into a small smile. “Yeah. Okay, sure.”“Really? I mean, I’ll have to ask Hobi if he’d like to, but you really don’t have a problem with it?”Namjoon shook his head. “No. I kind of really want to.”Seokjin nearly squealed. He leaned over and kissed Namjoon, earning him a blush. He quickly ran back to the living room to continue watching the kids.~“Hey, Jiminie?” Yoongi said, swiping on his phone screen.“Hm?” Jimin responded, his head against Yoongi’s stomach.The two were laying on their bed, each on their phones. Yoongi had his head on the pillow and one hand brushing Jimin’s hair. Yoongi wasn’t sure when they got into this position, but he didn’t mind.“I think Hoseok-ah’s a little.”Jimin sat up and faced him, phone forgotten in his lap. “What?”Yoongi shrugged. “Yeah. When you were with him earlier, he was acting so little it was impossible not to see.”“I didn’t see it,” Jimin said, tilting his head to the side and staring at the wall.
“Yeah, well, you were little.”Jimin nodded and looked back at Yoongi. “Okay? I mean, that’s amazing. Another little. I’m ecstatic, honestly, I’m just so tired.” Jimin smiled.Yoongi chuckled. “Mhm. I’ll set up a playdate later. Nap with me.” The elder reached up and took Jimin’s hand, pulling him down to lay next to him.Jimin laughed and kissed Yoongi softly. “Mm’kay.”



sick



Yoongi dropped what he was holding as he slipped into a coughing fit. He put his elbow over his face to cough heavily. It sounded like his lungs were being expelled from his body. He stopped when his eyes were watering and his throat burned.“You alright?” Jimin said, poking his head around the corner of the hallway.
Yoongi blinked and cleared his throat. “I don’t—” he started, but his voice came out scratchy. He cleared his throat. “I don’t know.”“You know, I think Taetae’s sick too.” Jimin walked to Yoongi and put his hand on the elder’s forehead. “Maybe he got you sick.”Yoongi hit his hand away. “I’m not sick.” Yoongi’s voice also sounded kind of nasally.“Tell that to your fever,” Jimin chuckled. “Go lay down, I’ll make you some soup.”“I said, I wasn’t sick.” Yoongi frowned. His nose and cheeks were bright red.Jimin pouted. He giggled and started tickling Yoongi. Yoongi bursted into laughter, not being able to stop the coughing that attacked his lungs. Jimin pulled away and smirked. Yoongi eventually caught his breath and growled.“Go lay down, hyung.”Yoongi gave in and laid on the couch, letting Jimin tuck him in with a heated blanket. Jimin leaned down and brushed his hair, kissing his forehead. Yoongi rolled his eyes but snuggled under the blanket nonetheless.A little while later, Jimin came into the room carrying a bowl of soup.“What kind is it?” Yoongi mumbled.“Rice porridge with kimchi. Do you love me yet?” Jimin smiled, placing the bowl on the table.Yoongi sat up and smiled as he smelled the soup. “Thank you, Jiminie,” he said softly.Jimin leaned over and kissed his temple. Yoongi grumbled while he took a spoonful.“I’m supposed to be taking care of you,” the elder mumbled into his soup.Jimin shook his head. “Nope. My turn.”Yoongi tried to hide the smile as he took another spoonful, but Jimin saw the slight blush on his cheekbones.~It had been a few days since Yoongi had first gotten sick. His fever hadn’t really broken yet, and Jimin was by Yoongi’s side every minute he could be.Yoongi started throwing up on the third day. In fact, he was throwing up so often, Jimin decided to put a blanket and pillow on the bathroom floor for when he needed to spend hours in there.Jimin had left to get Yoongi water, and was about to reenter the bathroom when he heard soft sounds. Jimin looked through the door, managing to keep quiet. Yoongi was crying into his hands, elbows resting on the toilet. Jimin watched for a minute before Yoongi’s body convulsed, emptying whatever little he had in his stomach. Jimin ran in and dropped the bottle of water, rubbing Yoongi’s back until he was done. Yoongi started sobbing. Jimin pulled him into his arms, smoothing away his sweaty bangs.“Yoongi hyung. Sweetie, it’s okay. It’s okay, I promise.”Yoongi cried into his shirt, the elder’s own clothes sticking to his skin. Jimin shushed him and kissed his hair, rocking him back and forth.~Yoongi was laying on the couch again, having stopped throwing up a while ago. He was breathing through his mouth and coughing every once in awhile. Jimin walked towards him, holding something behind his back.“Daddy?”Yoongi looked over at him with a forced smile. “H-Hey, baby.”Jimin’s face dropped. “Diminie’s sad.”“Why’s that, little one?” He coughed into his fist and sniffled.Jimin rocked on his heels, looking at the floor. “Because Daddy’s sick and sad.”“Aww, baby. Come here.” Yoongi opened his arms.Jimin walked over and stopped just before Yoongi could reach him. He pulled out a piece of paper from behind him, showing it to Yoongi. “I drew this for Daddy so he would feel better.”Yoongi took the paper and looked over it. It was a picture of Jimin and him with Syub standing in front of them. They had their matching jewelry on, and even Syub had a matching collar on.Yoongi felt himself tearing up a bit. He looked up at Jimin and smiled for real this time. “Thank you, Jiminie. I already feel so much better.”“Really?” the younger asked, his face lighting up.Yoongi nodded and put the paper down on the table. “Yes, really. I love it. Thank you. Now, please come cuddle your Daddy.”Jimin beamed and got onto the couch, letting Yoongi wrap his arms around him. Yoongi pressed a ton of kisses to his face, just to get Jimin to giggle. He refused to kiss him on the mouth and get him sick, but Jimin was still as happy as ever.~Yoongi tucked Jimin in with four or five of his favourite stuffed animals, along with his elephant in his arms. He pressed a quick kiss to Jimin’s lips.Jimin pouted. “Diminie’s mad at you, Daddy.”Yoongi smiled. “What for?” he asked even though he already knew the answer.“Daddy got me sick!”Yoongi giggled. “I’m sorry, my love.” He brushed hair from his baby’s forehead. “I tried not to.”Jimin huffed and hid his face in his elephant. “Daddy should cuddle me if he’s so sorry.”Yoongi sighed happily and pulled Jimin into his arms. Jimin giggled and coughed softly. Yoongi kept kissing his forehead until Jimin relaxed, falling asleep with slightly ragged little breaths.



court



Yoongi sadly tied Jimin’s tie, adjusting it around the collar of his shirt. Jimin pouted and looked down at the floor while Yoongi fixed up his hair. Yoongi put his hands on Jimin’s shoulders, then leaned forward to kiss his forehead.“I’m sorry you have to do this, baby. It’ll be over soon.”Jimin nodded, eyes still cast downward. Yoongi sighed and picked his face up by his chin. Jimin met his eyes with a sad look. Yoongi kissed him softly, enough to feel Jimin leaning into it.“It’s alright. How long will it take?” the younger asked.Yoongi shrugged. “I’ve never been to court, babe.”Jimin laughed quietly and nodded. “True.”Yoongi put his hands around Jimin’s shoulders, starting to lead them from the apartment. He pressed a few kisses to Jimin’s temple.“Will you be okay?” Yoongi asked.Jimin hesitated before nodding. “I think so.”Yoongi kissed him one last time before they left the apartment.~Jimin was sitting down outside of the intimidating building. The wind chilled him through his jacket. Yoongi had gone inside to fill out paperwork and do everything else. Jimin had left to get some air.He was shaking and the trial hadn’t even started. It felt like it had been so long since the incident with Kihyun, but it somehow also felt like just yesterday. Yoongi had been on edge too, he could tell, drumming his fingers on everything.Jimin got a text. He looked down at it and sighed. It was from Yoongi, telling him to come back inside because it was almost time. Jimin sighed shakily, getting up and walking inside.~Jimin was still shaking in his seat. Yoongi had a hand on his thigh as their lawyer talked. Jimin refused to look up since Kihyun was in the same room. Jimin’s body ached as he remembered what Kihyun had done to him.The trial dragged on for what seemed like forever. Jimin managed to stand up and give his side of the story. When the evidence was shown, Jimin averted his eyes.At one point in the trial, Kihyun and Yoongi had to walk by each other. Kihyun took his time to whisper something at Yoongi, then jerked his body towards him. Yoongi clenched his fists and moved closer.“Say it again, you fuck,” Yoongi muttered. The guards with Kihyun took the younger’s arms.“I said, he deserved it.” Kihyun spat at Yoongi’s shoes.Yoongi moved forward and got in Kihyun’s face. “Why? Why would you ever do this? What’s wrong with you? Are you really that pitiful that you think I’d like you if you hurt my fiancé?”Kihyun growled and jerked forward, punching Yoongi in the face. Yoongi stumbled a bit before retaliating just as the guards grabbed Kihyun. Yoongi punched him in the jaw and eye, grabbing him by the shirt. More guards came over and grabbed Yoongi to drag him away as he struggled to hit Kihyun again.Jimin watched with tears streaming down his face. He couldn’t move as the guards dragged both Yoongi and Kihyun away.~Jimin waited, arms crossed, as the security guard unlocked Yoongi’s holding cell. Yoongi immediately ran out to Jimin.“Jimin baby, I’m so sorry.”Jimin turned around. “Let’s just go.”“But, Jiminie, I’m sorry,” Yoongi tried again. He followed Jimin out of the police station and into the car.Jimin ignored him and got into the driver’s seat. When Yoongi tried to get into the passenger seat, Jimin shook his head.“Backseat.”“Jimin…” Yoongi muttered.“Get in the backseat.”Jimin kept his eyes forward. Yoongi looked at him like a kicked puppy. He sighed and shut the door gently before getting into the backseat.The drive home was painful. Yoongi stayed quiet, tears leaking out of his eyes every so often. He sniffled occasionally. Jimin kept his attention on the road.



after court



Jimin let them into the apartment, throwing his keys down on the counter. Yoongi followed him inside, looking down at the floor. Jimin sighed and walked towards the bedroom. Yoongi reached out and grabbed his wrist, stopping him. Jimin turned around and glared at the elder.Yoongi pulled his hand away. “S-Sorry, I...”Jimin kept glaring at him for a minute. Once he took in how guilty Yoongi looked, his face softening. He tilted his head sadly.“Jimin, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to… He hit me and I…”Jimin nodded. “I know. It wasn’t your fault.”Yoongi looked up at him, his eyes wide in disbelief. “It wasn’t?”“Not really,” he sighed. “I don’t blame you. I’d hit him too.” Jimin laughed quietly.“You’re not mad at me?”“Nah. I’m just kind of…I dunno. Seeing him shook me up.” Jimin ran his hands through his hair.“You made me sit in the backseat.” Yoongi pouted and scrunched his nose.Jimin giggled and shrugged. “I dunno.”Yoongi smiled and shook his head, putting his hands on the back of Jimin’s neck. He pulled the younger closer, kissing him with a grin. Jimin laughed and kissed Yoongi’s nose.“I’m sorry I made you sit in the backseat.”“I deserved it.” Yoongi kissed him again. “I wanna cuddle you. Will you come lay down with me?” he asked, sounding as pure and soft as Jimin had ever heard him.Jimin’s brow furrowed and he nodded quickly. “I… Yeah. Yes. I wanna cuddle with you, too, Daddy.”Yoongi smiled and reached up, brushing Jimin’s hair behind his ear. “Hey, baby. I love you.”“I love you too!” Jimin lifted his hands to his cheeks as he grinned.Yoongi took his hand and led him to the bedroom. He laid Jimin down on the bed and cuddled around him. Jimin giggled and hid his face in Yoongi’s chest. Yoongi smiled at his laugh and peppered the top of Jimin’s head with kisses.“Hey, Daddy?” Jimin asked.“Hmm?” Yoongi responded, running his hands through the younger’s hair.“I didn’t like going there. Kihyun is scary.”Yoongi nodded like he understood. “I know, baby boy. It’s okay. We won’t have to again.”“Is he gonna hurt me again, Daddy?” Jimin held him tighter.“Shh, of course he isn’t. Daddy would never let him.” Yoongi kissed his head again as he began rubbing his back. Jimin started shaking. “Daddy, I’m s-scared.”Yoongi pulled away to see him and rubbed circles on his hip. “You don’t have to be scared, okay?”Jimin opened his mouth to speak, but Yoongi cut him off.“You don’t have to. Because I’m here and I won’t let anything happen to you again.”Jimin pursed his lips.“I love you. Seeing you hurt hurts me even more. You will never be hurt again if I can do anything about it. Okay?” Yoongi ruffled his hair. “I’ll wrap you in bubble wrap if I have to.”Jimin giggled. “I love you so much, Daddy. The best Daddy ever.” Jimin leaned forward and kissed him.Yoongi pulled him close again and whispered, “I love you too.”Jimin’s breathing evened out eventually. Yoongi continued holding him and refused to let go.



halloween



“But, Daddy! Please, please, please?” Jimin bounced up and down.Yoongi rolled his eyes and let out a sigh. “No.”Jimin stomped his foot. “I promise not to change my mind! Daddy! Don’t you love me?!” he whined.Yoongi huffed. “You change your mind every single time, babe. And my love for you has nothing to do with buying you a Halloween costume.”Jimin whined again, falling back onto the couch. “Daddyyyyyyy.”“Don’t whine, baby,” Yoongi warned. He pointed his finger at Jimin.Jimin growled softly. Yoongi tried not to smile at how cute he was. He had been whining for a good few hours. Not even his perfect puppy dog eyes could influence Yoongi at this point. Jimin crossed his arms and kicked the couch a little, frustrated.“I will punish you. Don’t doubt that, Minnie.”Jimin nodded. “Fine.” He stood up and swung his arms over Yoongi’s shoulders. He gave him a peck while Yoongi’s hands went to his hips. “Still love you, though.”Yoongi laughed and grabbed onto Jimin’s shirt, pulling him in for another kiss, longer this time. “I love you, too.”~After an afternoon and evening of chasing Jimin around and holding him as he screamed at kids in scary costumes, the two of them were on the couch watching a movie. Somehow Jimin still had enough energy to scream and bounce around the couch in fear.Jimin hid his face in Yoongi’s chest. “Hyung, I hate you so much!”Yoongi giggled, running his hands through Jimin’s hair. “It’s Halloween, Jiminie. It’s just a movie.”Jimin was shaking, clutching onto him as tightly as he could. “Yoongi hyung!”“Nothing scary is going on, Jimin! They’re just talking!”Jimin picked his head up to glance at the television. Just as he started watching it again, the murderer showed up and stabbed the victim in the neck. Jimin screamed and hid in Yoongi’s neck.“You fucking liar!” the younger yelled.Yoongi kept laughing, not being able to stop himself. He held Jimin to him and picked up Jimin’s face to pepper his cheeks with kisses.“Was this just an elaborate scheme to kiss me and comfort me, hyung?” Jimin asked, tilting his head and glaring.Yoongi shrugged. “Maybe.” He kept kissing Jimin’s cheeks, then moved to his nose. Jimin giggled as the elder kissed between his eyes, then, finally, his mouth.“Stop it, hyung,” Jimin laughed. A scream on the TV cut him off and he hid in Yoongi’s chest.Yoongi only laughed and held him tighter. “We’ll go to bed, okay? After this movie.”Jimin groaned. “I hate you.”“Aw, I love you, too.” Yoongi kissed his forehead.



oh shit he swore



“Daddy!” Jimin whined for the thousandth time that day. Yoongi was so close to covering his ears and yelling at Jimin to shut up for one second, but he wouldn’t let himself get mad at his baby boy.“Yes, Jimin?” Yoongi said. It came out a little harsher than he had meant it to.“I want to get the toy!” the baby yelled. He put his hands on his hips and pouted at Yoongi.The elder groaned into his hands. “I told you already, baby, you can’t have it.”Jimin was usually very well behaved, listening to everything his Daddy said and not talking back. He never complained nor threw tantrums, but there he was, screaming and pouting and complaining for hours on end.“But, why, Daddy?! I need it! Don’t you love me, Daddy?! If you loved me, you’d let me have it!” Jimin squealed, stomping his foot.Yoongi looked at him sternly and shook his head. “Of course I love you. But I’m not buying you a toy you don’t need.”Jimin screamed and kicked at the floor again. Yoongi turned around and let him have his moment. Jimin huffed and stopped yelling, crossing his arms over his chest and pouting, looking away.“Daddy doesn’t love me.”Yoongi rolled his eyes and faced Jimin. “I love you more than anything, baby boy, and you know that.”“Bullshit.”Yoongi’s jaw dropped. “Excuse me?”“I said bullshit! Fuck you!”Yoongi stood up immediately, stalking to Jimin before the younger could react. Yoongi grabbed him by the ear and heard him yelp. Yoongi dragged him to the bedroom and threw him on the bed. Jimin pouted as he bounced on the mattress, looking away from Yoongi.“Do you wanna repeat what you said, Jimin?” Yoongi snapped.Jimin looked down at his lap and shook his head.“Why not? You said it before, so why not now?”“I don’t wanna, Daddy,” Jimin mumbled. He fiddled with his fingers nervously.Yoongi glared at him. “What did you do wrong?”Jimin shook his head again, keeping quiet.“Jimin-ah.”Jimin continued to be quiet, avoiding Yoongi’s gaze.“Park Jimin.”Jimin snapped his head up, meeting Yoongi’s eyes with his teary ones. “S-Swore at Daddy.”“And what does that mean?” the elder asked, petting through Jimin’s messy hair.“Jiminie gets punished and punished bad.” Jimin looked down again and sniffled. “It’s one of Daddy’s biggest rules and — and I broke it an’ swore an’ D-Diminie’s really really sorry.”“Daddy’s gonna let you pick your punishment, baby. This is the second time you’ve broken this rule.” Yoongi sat down on the bed next to Jimin, sitting back on his elbow and placing one hand on Jimin’s thigh.“Um… What about Jiminie stays quiet while Daddy tells Jiminie how much he loves him?” Jimin asked quietly, his voice soft.Yoongi smiled. “What else? You need more.”Jimin sighed and leaned against Yoongi. “Diminie will write the rule over and over a thousand times if he has to, Daddy!”Yoongi chuckled. “How about you write the rule forty times?”Jimin nodded. “Yes! I can do that!”~Yoongi sat Jimin at the table, placing two pages of paper in front of him with a pencil. “Twenty lines of the rule to start off with, okay? After that, I want you to write ‘I will not throw tantrums’ twenty times. Think you can do that, baby?”Jimin gazed up at him. “Yes, yes! I can, Daddy!”Yoongi smiled and kissed Jimin on the nose. “Quiet, baby. No talking. You made that rule.”Jimin nodded and pretended to zip his lips and hand the key to Yoongi. Yoongi grinned and “pocketed” the “key”.Yoongi watched as Jimin wrote line after line, his pencil scribbling along the pages. The top of Jimin’s tongue wet the side of his mouth as he focused. Yoongi began making dinner, throwing a pot on the stove to boil water while he listened to Jimin’s pencil writing away. ~As Yoongi was adding ingredients to the broth, Jimin got up and excitedly showed Yoongi the papers.“You did such a good job, Jiminie. I’m so proud of you.” Yoongi patted his head and took the paper, placing it on the counter and turning back to the food.Jimin tugged on Yoongi’s shirt. The elder looked over at him, confused.“What is it, little one?”Jimin pointed at his tightly shut lips. Yoongi laughed in realisation and reached into his pocket, pulling out the “key”. Jimin smiled as Yoongi unzipped his mouth. Jimin giggled once Yoongi threw the key over his shoulder.“Talk now?” Jimin asked, tilting his head.Yoongi nodded. “Of course.”Jimin giggled and hugged Yoongi’s waist. Yoongi scooped out some food and placed it in the bowl on the counter. Jimin took it with a grin and sat down at the table to dig in immediately.~They were cuddling on the bed, Yoongi keeping Jimin as close to him as he could. He even had his leg thrown over Jimin’s. Jimin was playing with Yoongi’s hands as he rested. “Daddy?” Jimin asked softly.Yoongi hummed in response, his eyes closed.“I want my paci, Daddy.” Jimin snuggled closer to him.Yoongi sighed and started moving to stand up, but Jimin clung to him tighter.“Baby, if you want your paci, you gotta let me get up.” Yoongi brushed through his hair and gently kissed his forehead. Yoongi supported Jimin’s head under his arm.Jimin shook his head. “Nooo. I wanna keep cuddling you.”Yoongi laughed. “What about your paci?”Jimin thought for a moment before grinning and grabbing Yoongi’s free hand. Yoongi watched as Jimin brought his fingers up to his mouth. He slowly pushed Yoongi’s thumb between his lips. Yoongi couldn’t help a giggle as the younger’s warm tongue tickled his finger.“Really, baby?” Yoongi asked, a wide smile on his face.Jimin nodded, Yoongi’s finger still perched in his mouth. Yoongi used his free fingers to brush across Jimin’s cheek.Yoongi watched him affectionately, still cradling his face with his free fingers, as he fell asleep. Jimin occasionally sucked softly on his thumb, making him chuckle lightly. Yoongi pressed more kisses to his forehead as he too started to drift off.



kitty ears and jm’s too weak to yell @ yg



Jimin sneaked up on his boyfriend, items hidden behind his back. Yoongi was dozing off on the couch. The elder was completely oblivious as Jimin snapped pins to his hair and backed away, giggling at his handiwork. The younger rounded the couch and jumped into Yoongi’s lap, waking him up. The unmanly noise that left Yoongi’s lips made Jimin laugh harder.“Jiminie, what are you doing?” Yoongi asked, his voice still a bit raspy from his nap. He looked down at the younger, who was straddling his lap. Yoongi raised his hands to Jimin’s hips and rubbed soothing circles into them.Jimin tilted his head and smiled sweetly. “Nothing, Daddy! You’re just really cute!”“Cute?” Yoongi tilted his head as well, teasing him. “Why, baby?”Jimin couldn’t help but laugh. “Because Daddy has ears!”“Of course I have…” Yoongi looked confused for a moment before his face dropped. “Baby, if you really…” He lifted his hands to his hair and groaned. “Really, baby boy? Really?”Jimin giggled again and nodded. “Will Daddy meow for me again? He’s so, so cute!”Yoongi rolled his eyes. “No way, baby. Take these off.”“Daddy!” Jimin whined. He hugged Yoongi tightly. “Please, please, please?”Yoongi sighed. He gave in, meowing in a high pitch. Jimin squealed loudly, clinging to him tighter and gripping his shirt. Yoongi couldn’t help but giggle, holding Jimin to him.“Will you take these off now, Jiminie?” Yoongi pet the younger’s sides.Jimin nodded and sat up, reaching up to take the ears off. Yoongi sighed once they stopped pulling on his hair. The elder trailed his hand along Jimin’s cheek. Jimin leaned into his touch and smiled. Yoongi moved his hand from his jaw to his neck, looping a finger into Jimin’s collar. He pulled Jimin down quickly, sealing their lips together.Jimin squealed into the kiss, winding his hands into Yoongi’s hair. Yoongi smiled and pulled him closer, running his hands over Jimin’s back. The younger giggled once he pulled away, hiding his face in Yoongi’s neck. Yoongi pet through Jimin’s hair and sighed happily.~Jimin was lying in Yoongi’s arms when Yoongi’s stomach growled quite heavily. Jimin sat up and faced him.“Did you eat?”Yoongi shrugged.Jimin tilted his head. “Your stomach never just growls like that. When’s the last time you ate?” Yoongi shrugged again and tried to pull Jimin back down to him. Jimin moved away from his grasp and frowned. “Hyung.”“I don’t know, babe. Maybe when we ate that takeout?” Yoongi pouted and crossed his arms over his chest.Jimin’s mouth gaped. “Hyung, that was two days ago. You haven’t eaten since then?! What’s wrong with you?!”Yoongi held up his hands in protest. “I was working on music! I didn’t realize I was hungry. Can you please just cuddle me?”Jimin growled. “No! You need to eat! What the fuck, hyung?! You can’t be doing this again!” Jimin pointed accusingly at Yoongi, his face turning red in anger.Yoongi shushed him and took Jimin’s hands, pulling him closer. “Jiminie, I’m fine.” He couldn’t have Jimin getting so mad so quickly. “Shh, baby. Come cuddle Daddy.”Jimin hit his hands away. “No! I’m not little, don’t treat me like a kid! You need to fucking eat something! Hyung—”Yoongi shoved Jimin’s pacifier, which had been on the table next to them, between Jimin’s lips. Jimin froze in confusion, so Yoongi took his chance to cuddle against him once more.“Shh, baby boy. Daddy’s fine. Daddy will eat in a little while with you. Just cuddle me now, baby.” Yoongi soothed him, petting his hair and peppering his face in kisses.Jimin let out an audible “hmph” and tried to pull away and spit out the pacifier. Yoongi held it in his mouth and cooed at him, whispering sweet nothings and telling him how good he is. He kissed the button on the pacifier and watched as Jimin’s eyes eventually widened, irises twinkling in the light.Jimin let a defeated sounding “Daddy” slip from his mouth around the pacifier. Yoongi grinned and kissed his cheeks and forehead.“Hey, baby boy. Why don’t we order out tonight? I’m sure my baby’s as hungry as Daddy.” Yoongi brushed his fingers across Jimin’s cheeks.Jimin nodded enthusiastically. “And Daddy eats too!”Yoongi smiled wider. “Of course.”Jimin snuggled up to Yoongi again. Yoongi grabbed the blanket off the back of the couch and covered them both, covering Jimin’s cheeks and jaw in kisses.



wedding updates



“Hyung, you really think so?” Jimin asked, fidgeting nervously.“Only… Only if you want to. It might be too soon but… I’m ready when you are.” Yoongi pet through his hair, trying to make him comfortable again.“I want to, and I want to soon. But… is it too fast? I’m worried that...” he trailed off and bit his lip. “Jiminie, do you want this as much as I do?” Yoongi asked, making Jimin look at him.Jimin met his eyes with slightly teary ones. “Probably more.”“Then there isn’t anything to worry about. Alright? If we both want this, then it’s okay.”Jimin nodded and fiddled with the ring on his finger. “I do. I wanna spend the rest of my life with you, hyung.”Yoongi couldn’t stop smiling. ~Seokjin positively squealed, jumping up and down happily. He grabbed onto Namjoon’s arm and kept jumping excitedly. Namjoon laughed and put his arms around the elder’s shoulders, keeping him on the floor. Hoseok rested his head on Seokjin’s shoulder, hugging around Namjoon’s waist, and grinned.Taehyung clapped his hands over his mouth, screaming softly into them. Jungkook gasped and held onto Taehyung, excited as well. Taehyung tried to stay still despite desperately wanting to run around.Jimin stood in Yoongi’s arms, wiping away his tears at his friends’ reactions. Yoongi smiled into his neck and rocked them slightly.“I can’t believe it, I can’t believe it!” Seokjin yelled.Jimin gave him a look. “Hyung, when we first told you about our engagement, you nearly passed out!”Seokjin rolled his eyes. “Let me be happy for you! You’re getting married soon!”Jimin giggled and held Yoongi’s wrists, whose hands were clutched over his stomach.Taehyung got out of Jungkook’s arms and ran around the room, giggling. “C-Can I be the f-flower boy?! Please, please, p-please, please, p-please?!”Jimin’s demeanor changed as quickly as Taehyung’s. “Daddy, can Taehyungie be the flower boy? And Hobi?”Hoseok snapped his head up, a delighted smile on his features. “Can I?!”Yoongi smiled and nodded. “Of course. Both of you.”Taehyung ran up to the two and hugged them tightly. Yoongi sputtered from the sudden contact.“I-I’ll be the b-bestest flower boy e-ever, I s-swear!” Taehyung ran back to Jungkook, who caught him with ease and laughed. He was getting better at handling his little, which sparked a little bit of proudness in Yoongi.“The rest of you are in the wedding party as well,” Yoongi said, looking at all of them.Seokjin could have passed out, from how happy he was. “I’m making the food! You’re not wasting money on those stupid caterers!”Yoongi nodded and hid his face in Jimin’s neck again, happy. “Why don’t you tell them the date, baby?”“You already picked a date?!” Namjoon asked, surprised.Jimin nodded. “We’re gonna have it so, so soon! Like, three months!”Everyone in the room cheered and hugged Yoongi and Jimin. Jimin faced Yoongi and grinned at the happy look on his face. Yoongi linked Jimin’s fingers in his, their rings sliding against each other.“I love you, baby.”“I love you more, Daddy!” Jimin squealed, clutching onto him.~Jimin sat on the couch, staring at the screen on his laptop. He didn’t know how long he’d been looking online, but he had an idea when Yoongi gave him both lunch and dinner while he was looking nonstop.“What are you even looking for, Jiminie?” Yoongi asked, tousling Jimin’s hair.Jimin grinned. “Dunno. Just stuff for the wedding.”“Oh? Like what?” Yoongi smiled and kissed Jimin’s forehead, earning him the slightest blush from the younger.“Like flowers and decorations and invites…” Jimin trailed off, holding his mug of tea in his sweater paws. “Everything. Because it has to be absolutely perfect.”Yoongi wasn’t sure he could smile wider. “Jiminie, you don’t have to spend so much time on this, you know? It’ll be perfect, because it’ll be our wedding. And it’ll be the official day that you’re mine forever.”Jimin giggled. “I’m already yours forever, idiot.” Yoongi flicked his forehead. Jimin hissed and rubbed the red spot. “It’s not my fault you get mushy, hyung.”Yoongi chuckled. “You’re the one who made me mushy, Minnie.”Jimin rolled his eyes and went back to scrolling. “Hey, hyung?” he asked after a minute.Yoongi nodded in his direction, listening.“There’s not gonna be alcohol, just so you won’t be… you know. Everyone’s gonna be okay with that, too, or else they can fucking leave.”Yoongi met Jimin’s eyes with his own widened ones. “Really? You’d do that?”Jimin nodded. “‘Course. It’s our wedding.”“Jiminie,” Yoongi whined, reaching out with grabby hands. “You’re so sweet. Come cuddle me.”Jimin giggled and set down his laptop and tea, scooching over to Yoongi and letting the elder envelop him in his thin, warm arms.



one year sober



Seokjin gave up trying to reach the ceiling with a loud groan. He pouted as he handed the streamer to Namjoon, who kissed his temple and reached it easily. Seokjin rolled his eyes and held more tape up for the younger. Namjoon took it with a grin.Hoseok walked over to Namjoon and Seokjin and gave them each a kiss on the cheek. He rubbed the tension out of Seokjin’s shoulders and said something to make the elder giggle. Namjoon looked at them both affectionately and hugged them.Taehyung was on Jungkook’s back, hanging decorations from the fan. When he dropped one, he giggled and Jungkook bent to pick it up with Taehyung still on his back, making the elder squeal. Jungkook laughed and straightened up again, handing the decoration to Taehyung.Jimin walked into the room, running his hands through his hair. His face was a bit flushed and his hair was sticking out at awkward angles. Hoseok noticed this and walked over to him, pulling the younger into a hug.“Shh, Jiminie. It’s gonna be alright. You’ve done an amazing job setting everything up, sunshine.” Hoseok pet Jimin’s hair.Jimin hugged him tightly, clasping his fingers behind Hoseok’s back. “But what if he does it again, Hobi hyung?”Hoseok shook his head. “He’s been doing great. It’s gonna be fine, sunshine. I promise.”Jimin nodded and nosed at the fabric of Hoseok’s sweater, letting the elder hold him until he had calmed down enough to finish decorating and planning.~“He’s on his way, guys. He’s coming down the hall. Shit. Okay, get ready. Alright?” Jimin said, running around the apartment to fix the last minute details.“Jiminie, calm down. Everything’s fine,” Seokjin tried.“I said, get in your place!” Jimin yelled threateningly.Everyone obeyed and scrambled to their places, afraid of what would happen if they didn’t listen. Jimin ran to his own place by the door, waiting for Yoongi to enter.Yoongi unlocked the door and sighed, confused when Jimin threw himself into his arms.“Hey, Jiminie. What’s up?” he asked, his voice a bit gravelly from work.Jimin smiled. “Happy one year.”“One year?” Yoongi asked. “One year of what? I… Oh. Oh. Oh my gosh, that’s today? It’s been a year?”Jimin nodded happily. “One year sober. I’m so proud of you.” Jimin tucked his face into Yoongi’s neck and hugged him tightly.Jimin lead Yoongi to the living room, where everyone popped up and yelled “Surprise!”. Yoongi looked at them all happily, looking like he was about to cry. Jimin came up behind him and pulled Yoongi back into his own chest, swaying them side to side.“We’re so proud of you, Yoongi-ah!” Seokjin said, going over to him. He tousled Yoongi’s hair, making Yoongi tsk and fix it.Hoseok and Namjoon came over next, patting him on the shoulder and giving him compliments. Yoongi would be damned if he said how much pride had swelled his chest.Jungkook and Taehyung followed them, the latter latching onto Yoongi and squeezing all the air from his chest. Yoongi coughed and pet his head, making Taehyung let go.“I’m s-so proud o-of you, hyung!”Yoongi grinned. “Thank you, little one.”Soon after everyone said what they wanted to say, praising Yoongi and making his ego inflate, they all sat around the table to eat cake Seokjin had prepared.“What kind of cake is it?” Yoongi asked, eyeing the huge, frosting covered cake.“Your favourite. Vanilla and strawberries. With chocolate on one side for Jiminie,” Seokjin answered.Yoongi nodded and reached for the cake, knife held in his hand as he waited to cut it.Jimin tutted and smacked his hand away, lighting the candles. “Wait!”Yoongi grinned. “But, baby~” he whined, pouting.Jimin leaned down, kissing Yoongi momentarily. “Stop being cute.”Yoongi laughed and kicked his feet a bit. “I like cake.”“I know, baby. But shh,” Jimin said, not holding back his own grin.Everyone else in the room exchanged looks. Taehyung giggled into his hand and hugged Jungkook’s waist. Namjoon reached up and pet Hoseok’s hair, who leaned back onto Seokjin.~Their friends had all left an hour or so ago. Jimin was wrapped up in Yoongi’s arms, the elder pressing kisses to his head. Jimin grinned and shut his eyes, enjoying the feeling of Yoongi’s soft breath on his skin.“I’m so proud of you.”Yoongi smiled.“I really am. I can’t believe you’ve made it this far. Hyung, I… I’m so proud. I love you.”Yoongi nosed at Jimin’s hair behind his ear. “I love you too.”Jimin hugged him and kissed his cheek. Yoongi sighed happily and rubbed his back. “Relax, Jiminie. The party was amazing. You did a good job. Relax. I can tell how high-strung you were.”Jimin hesitated, a little too long, before nodding.Yoongi chuckled. “Shh, baby. It was perfect. Daddy loved it. Thank you.”Jimin relaxed. “I’m so happy, Daddy.”“I am too, baby.”



wedding dream and leather jacket




Jimin walked down the aisle, tissues crumpled in his palms as he sobbed. His father had his arm linked with him, patting his shoulder. Jimin looked down at his long, white dress and sobbed more. He nearly tripped into one of the aisles but his father kept him in line.

When he stepped in front of Yoongi, he took one look at the elder’s grinning face and fell into Yoongi’s arms, crying even harder. He felt Yoongi chuckle against him and hold him tighter.

“Shh, Jiminie. It’s okay.”

A hand in his hair made Jimin flutter his eyelids and shift. He could hear cooing in his ear and he reached a few fingers up to his face. He wiped away tears and scrunched his brow.“You were crying in your sleep again,” Yoongi muttered softly.Jimin blinked his teary eyes. “I was?”Yoongi nodded sleepily. “You’re pretty when you cry.”“You always say that.” Jimin blushed and closed his eyes again. “I dreamt about our wedding.”“You weren’t in a dress, were you?” Yoongi asked with a smirk.Jimin laughed quietly and latched onto Yoongi. “Sadly I was.” He kissed Yoongi momentarily, wrapping his legs around the elder. “I’ll make you wear the dress. You’ve got the legs for it.”Yoongi chuckled and kissed Jimin’s forehead. “Whatever makes you happy, babe.”~Yoongi walked into the kitchen, where Jimin was cooking on the stove, and slipped his arms around the younger’s waist. He pulled Jimin closer into his chest and swayed them.“What is it, hyung?” Jimin asked. Yoongi could hear the smile in his voice.Yoongi kissed behind Jimin’s ear. “Do you remember how we met?”Jimin paused. “Of course I do. Why?”Yoongi shrugged. “I dunno. It makes me happy to think about.” He kissed the shell of Jimin’s ear. “Your chubby cheeks were so cute. I miss them.”Jimin reached a hand up to his blushing cheek. “They’re not all gone, I just…”Yoongi laughed lightly and kissed his cheek. “You’re cute.”The younger rolled his eyes and looked back down at the food. “So about us meeting?”Yoongi sighed and leaned onto the younger. “You were adorable in that oversized sweater.”“You wore ripped jeans and a leather jacket. What a dork,” Jimin giggled happily, stirring the food inside the pot.Yoongi laughed. “I looked hot, though.”Jimin nodded. He would be lying if he denied it. “Do you still have that jacket?”“I think so,” Yoongi said. “Why?”Jimin shrugged this time. “You were hot.”Yoongi hit his shoulder lightly. “Maybe one day I’ll wear it again, just for you, babe.”Jimin smiled and scooped up some of the noodles on a spoon. He held it out for Yoongi to try. Yoongi closed his eyes at the taste and hummed.“It’s good and I’m hungry. Hurry up.”Jimin tsked with a shy smile and turned back to the stove.~“Hyung! Hurry up, we’re gonna be late!” Jimin called, standing by the door with his bag. He huffed and ran his fingers through his hair.Yoongi came walking towards the door carrying a bag of his own. He grabbed his keys as he walked past a flustered looking Jimin.“Hyung, what are you…?” Jimin’s face was bright red and his eyes were wide.Yoongi turned around. “Hm? Come on, we’ll be late.” Yoongi walked out of the apartment, smiling to himself when Jimin couldn’t see.Jimin followed, knowing his face was burning, and locked the apartment behind them.In the car, Jimin crossed his arms and faced away from Yoongi in fear his cheeks would give him away. He slumped down in his seat with a frown. He couldn’t help but shift uncomfortably.“Not fair,” he mumbled, more to the window than to Yoongi.“What isn’t fair?” Yoongi said with a shit-eating grin. He turned the steering wheel as he chuckled to himself lightly. He reached a hand up and tousled his hair, then licked his lips slowly. Yoongi adjusted the leather jacket around his arms.Jimin glared daggers at him. “Hyung, stop it!”Yoongi stole a glance at Jimin and smiled. “I dunno what you’re talking about, Jimin-ah.” He continued biting his lip.Jimin rolled his eyes. “You’re a fucking ass and we’re going to Seokjin’s and I’ve got a fucking boner.”Yoongi choked on his own spit. His whole body shook as he laughed. “You don’t like it?”Jimin groaned into his hands. “I fucking love it and it isn’t fair that you had to do this as we were leaving.” He nearly screamed. “I hate you.”Yoongi patted his thigh. Jimin huffed. Yoongi slowly moved his hand up before Jimin slapped it away.~Yoongi and Jimin walked into Seokjin and Namjoon’s apartment. Jimin closed the door and left his things in the entranceway before huffing and settling down on the couch. Yoongi grinned and walked over to him, taking a seat as well. Hoseok came over and greeted them, along with Jungkook and Taehyung.Seokjin came into the living room next and paused. “Yoongi-ah? I haven’t seen that jacket in so long.”Jimin covered his face. “Yoongi hyung,” he groaned.Yoongi grinned. “I felt like it was time to wear it again.”Namjoon nodded to Jimin, who was adjusting his legs every few seconds with flushed cheeks. “Jiminie seems to like it.”Jimin’s face burned brighter and he kicked in Namjoon’s direction. Namjoon laughed and leaned against Hoseok on the floor.“Daddy is so mean but it’s okay because he looks good.” Jimin blushed again and looked at his lap with a smile.Yoongi moved closer to him and threw his arm around the younger’s shoulders. “Thanks, baby boy.”Jimin laughed. He leaned closer to Yoongi and held a hand up, blocking his lips from view as he whispered into the elder’s ear. “Maybe you can wear it again when I’m big, and we can do the thingy.” Jimin moved away and giggled.It was Yoongi’s turn to blush. He hit Jimin playfully. “Behave.”Jimin smirked and got off the couch, skipping over to Taehyung and Hoseok, who were both playing on the other side of the room.



fat????



Jimin poked himself in the stomach as he stared in the mirror. He pouted and lifted his shirt, tracing where his abs used to be. He grabbed the miniscule amount of fat on his body and teared up. Why had he let this happen? He was lucky if Yoongi found him attractive at all. Jimin sighed and pulled down his shirt, stepping away from the mirror.Jimin pouted and crossed his arms as he stomped the way to the living room. He plopped himself down on the couch, sulking. Yoongi walked in carrying two plates of chicken and rice with chopsticks. The elder handed one to Jimin and sat down on the couch with his. Yoongi started eating immediately. He eventually looked up at Jimin, who was pushing the food around the plate and watching it.“Jiminie?” Yoongi asked.Jimin looked up at him sadly. He hoped Yoongi wouldn’t ask questions and just leave him alone. Just this once. “Hm?”Yoongi tilted his head and swallowed his mouthful. “Are you alright?”Jimin flashed him a fake smile and nodded. “Yes, hyung. It smells delicious. Thank you.”Yoongi eyed him. “You sure, babe?”Jimin sighed. “Yes. I’m fine, just not that hungry.”Yoongi nodded and went back to his own plate. Jimin was thankful Yoongi didn’t press further. He knew how much Yoongi hated it when he was insecure to the point of hating himself. Yoongi would always yell at him for it.~At dinner, Yoongi offered to eat out. Jimin shook his head with a sad smile, saying he still wasn’t that hungry. Yoongi nodded with a quirked mouth and said he would get take out and save some for Jimin if the younger got hungry. Jimin agreed and kissed Yoongi before he left.While Yoongi was gone, Jimin laid on the couch and pulled up his shirt. He felt his stomach and poked it, sighing as tears sprang to his eyes again. How could anyone love him? Yoongi always said how much he loved Jimin’s abs, his cheeks, and his toned thighs. Jimin pulled up one leg and looked at his thighs, which were not as toned as they had been.Jimin sadly kicked his leg down and flipped onto his stomach, hiding his face in the cushion. He was overwhelmed with the tears that spilled out of him. He didn’t hear the apartment door open, didn’t hear Yoongi dropped the food and sprinting to the couch. He barely felt when Yoongi rubbed his back, trying to console him.Jimin sobbed into his own arms on the couch, trying to take deep breaths. He started punching the couch in anger. Yoongi caught his wrist in the air before he could continue. Yoongi pulled Jimin into his arms, letting him sob into his chest.Yoongi kissed Jimin’s head and held him as he shook. Jimin kept crying just as hard. Yoongi, who hated so much to see his Jimin so sad, closed his eyes to prevent his own tears.Once Jimin was reduced to a sniffling, coughing mess, Yoongi cupped his cheeks and kissed his forehead. Jimin wrapped his arms around Yoongi’s shoulders and sniffled into his neck.“Jiminie…” Yoongi muttered, his voice rough.Jimin let out a shaky breath as response.“What happened?” the elder asked. He brushed through Jimin’s hair, doing whatever he could to calm down the younger. Yoongi could feel Jimin’s tears dripping onto his neck.“I’m s-sorry.”“Sorry for what, baby?”Jimin tried not to cry again. “I got f-fat.”Yoongi pulled him away immediately. “What?” His eyes scanned the younger. “Fucking… Where?!”Jimin’s crying resumed. “What do you mean where?!” He pointed down to his stomach. “D-Do you see abs?! A-And,” he pulled up his leg, “my th-thighs are gone t-too!” Jimin cried into his hands.Yoongi stared at him, eyes wide. “Jimin, I don’t even… You’re actually the most beautiful person I’ve ever seen. You’re not even remotely… God, Jimin.”Jimin wouldn’t meet his eyes. Yoongi tried to lift his head, but Jimin resisted.“Park Jimin, the love of my entire fucking life, would you please look at me?”Jimin snapped his eyes up to meet his gaze. His skin was red and puffy around his eyes and his face was blotchy. He still looked stunning.“I have no clue why the hell you’re thinking like this, but you’re absolutely gorgeous. I can’t get over it. Every single time I look at you, I wanna cry because of how pretty you are and how lucky I am to have you.”Jimin sniffled again. His lip quivered and Yoongi was quick to lean down and kiss him. He pulled up Jimin’s shirt slowly. Jimin tried to pull away and stop him, but Yoongi lifted it fully and placed his hands on Jimin’s stomach.“What fat? I don’t see it. I don’t feel it. All I feel is the beautiful tummy of my lovely boy.”Jimin looked up at Yoongi, blushing. “Hyung—”“Look at your beautiful cheeks. You’re so pretty when you blush.”Jimin couldn’t help his smile.“And your beautiful chipped tooth and eye smile. Gosh, it gives me butterflies.”Jimin whined out a small “Daddy” and dropped his face into Yoongi’s chest. Yoongi cooed at him and kissed his hair, rubbing Jimin’s back. He rubbed another hand across Jimin’s beautiful collar.“I love you so much, baby. You make me so happy. I don’t know what I’d do without you.”Jimin smiled into his chest and said, “I love you too, Daddy. So much.”



punish me



Jimin stretched and yawned as he sat up in bed. He rubbed the sleep from his eyes and stood up while pulling his sleeves over his palms. Jimin sleepily shuffled over to the bedroom door, freezing when he passed the mirror. He quirked his lips as he remembered Yoongi’s comments about him from yesterday.He honestly felt really bad. He shouldn’t have made Yoongi worry about him so much. Jimin was pretty sure Yoongi didn’t even eat after that situation. He couldn’t believe himself.Jimin left the bedroom and made his way to the kitchen. He could smell bacon through the house. As he entered the kitchen, Yoongi turned to look at him. Yoongi’s hair was messy and curly, the black strands falling haphazardly around his face. Jimin couldn’t help but smile.“Hey, my love. Sit down, I’m making breakfast.”Jimin nodded and sat down at the table, rubbing his eyes. Yoongi placed a plate in front of him. He cupped Jimin’s cheeks and planted a kiss on his lips, holding it for a while. Jimin’s cheeks flushed as his stomach warmed up.Yoongi pulled away and leaned his forehead against Jimin’s, smiling. Yoongi looked into his eyes lovingly. He nuzzled his nose against the younger’s, eskimo kissing him. Jimin flushed hard and his breath hitched as he suddenly slipped at the action. Yoongi smiled and kissed his nose before pulling away.“Hey, Daddy?” Jimin asked, swinging his feet.Yoongi, who was getting his own serving, turned to look at him again. “Yes, baby?”“I love you,” Jimin said, grinning.Yoongi smiled and nodded. “I love you too.”~Jimin was perched on the counter as Yoongi cleaned. Thoughts kept plaguing him and he couldn’t help but feel guilty. Yoongi did everything for him and Jimin just kept bothering him. He did nothing for Yoongi.“Daddy, Diminie can help you clean!”Yoongi smiled up at him. “No, baby, it’s alright. Daddy can clean. You stay up there and keep looking cute.”Jimin faked a smile and looked at his lap. “But I wanna help.”Yoongi shook his head. “That’s alright.”Jimin nodded. He’d have to find another way to get what he deserved for making Yoongi worry.~Jimin took a glass from the cabinet for his juice. He never used glasses when he was in little space, and that’s precisely why he took one. Maybe Yoongi would punish him for this. He needed to be punished for being so bad to Yoongi.Yoongi walked into the kitchen to check on him. He looked at the glass in Jimin’s hand. “You sure you wanna use a big glass, baby? I can get your sippy cup.”Jimin shook his head. Yoongi smiled and took the glass. He placed it on the counter and took out the orange juice, pouring a decent amount into the cup for him. He handed it to a pouting Jimin with a smile and kissed his cheek.“Here, baby. I’ll be in the living room, alright?”Jimin nodded and watched him leave the kitchen. He was supposed to punish Jimin, and all he did was fill the cup for him! Once he was gone, Jimin downed the orange juice in a few gulps and “dropped” the glass. It shattered as it hit the floor, the pieces of glass surrounding his feet.Yoongi ran into the kitchen, looking at Jimin and then the floor. “Oh, baby. I told you I’d get you a cup…” He sighed and took Jimin’s hand, helping him onto the table. “Stay up here while Daddy cleans it, alright?”Jimin pouted again as Yoongi took out a dustpan and broom. He didn’t yell at Jimin, just cleaned up the glass. When he was done, he kissed Jimin again.“Will you come out and sit with me, baby?”Jimin nodded sadly and followed Yoongi out to the living room. He curled up against the elder, hiding his pouting face into Yoongi’s chest.~Jimin couldn’t get Yoongi to punish him. He had done everything he could think of. He even wrote on the freaking walls, but Yoongi just tsked and cleaned it off. Jimin was fed up with not being punished. Yoongi didn’t deserve the way he looked after Jimin so diligently.Jimin grumbled as he came out into the living room. Yoongi was reading on the couch. Jimin walked over to him and smacked the book out of his hands.Yoongi snapped his gaze up, eyes wide in shock. “Jimin—”“Why can’t you punish me?! What’s wrong with you?!”Yoongi blinked. “What?”Jimin groaned and glared at him. “Fuck! Shit! Cock! Goddamn! Dick! Fuuuuuuck~!”Yoongi just stared at him with his mouth agape.“I fucking hate myself! I hate Daddy! I…um… I-I want… Fuck!” Jimin started crying. None of that was true. He just wanted Yoongi to punish him. He took out his phone and dialed Seokjin’s number.Seokjin answered. “Hello?”“I fucking hate you, Uncle Jin!” Jimin yelled into the phone. He hung up and threw his phone to the floor.Yoongi continued to stare at him, unmoving. His expression never wavered. Jimin, frustrated, screamed into his hands.“Fucking punish me, Yoongi! Do something!”Yoongi sadly shook his head. Tears were brimming in his eyes. Jimin huffed and went into the kitchen, finding Yoongi’s toolset under the sink. He went back out into the living room with what he needed.
Jimin stood in front of Yoongi with tears in his eyes. He opened the switchblade and Yoongi finally stood up. He knew he was little and wasn’t making the best decisions. Yoongi grabbed his wrist, but Jimin pulled it away.

“Punish me.”

Yoongi shook his head. “Park Jimin, give me the knife.”
Jimin shook his head frantically. “I’ll do it again, Daddy. I will.” He held the blade to his wrist. Yoongi had made Jimin stop cutting so long ago. Every time Jimin so much as thought about it, Yoongi would punish him and tell him how much he loved Jimin, hated to see him so sad.
Yoongi grabbed his wrist again. “Jimin, no.”

Jimin, tears streaming down his face, pressed the blade into his skin. Yoongi grabbed it and threw it to the floor before pulling Jimin into his arms, against his chest.

“S-Stop,” Yoongi stammered, hiding his face in Jimin’s hair. “Why are you doing this?”
Jimin tried to push him away. “Daddy doesn’t deserve to worry about Diminie so much.”
Yoongi hugged him so tightly it hurt his chest. “Daddy loves you.”

Jimin shook his head. “Daddy, let go. Let go and punish me.”

Yoongi let out a shaky breath. “I could never. You’re… Jiminie, stop.”
Jimin sobbed into his hold. “Please! Diminie deserves it!”
Yoongi pressed kisses all over his face. Jimin tried to pull away, but Yoongi kept him there. Jimin was sobbing as Yoongi whispered sweet things to him.

~

Jimin, who had cried to the point of exhaustion, fell asleep in Yoongi’s arms. The elder sniffled and carried Jimin to the couch, laying him down. He kissed his boyfriend’s sleeping face lovingly and went to his wrist.

The blood had dried around the ugly cut. Yoongi ran to the bathroom to get a washcloth, soaking it in warm water. Before he left, he grabbed a band-aid and antibacterial cream. He brought everything back into the living room and cleaned Jimin’s wrist, applying the cream and placing the bandage over it. Yoongi kissed the band-aid softly and moved up to Jimin’s face, wiping his tears with the other side of the cloth.

Why was he acting like this? Yoongi didn’t know what he had done wrong. He hated seeing Jimin in such vulnerable positions, especially while he was in little space. Yoongi, still worried to the point of crying, sat down on the floor against the couch and dialed Seokjin’s number.

Seokjin answered and took an audible deep breath before he responded. “Hello? Yoongi?”

Yoongi choked back his tears. “Sorry about that, hyung. Ignore it. He didn’t mean it. You know he loves you

Seokjin hummed. “What happened?”

Yoongi sniffled and faced Jimin, who was still fast asleep. “I don’t know,” he said, his voice cracking.

Seokjin sighed. “Yoongi-yah, what’s going on?”

Yoongi took a deep breath as well and explained the whole situation to his hyung. He cried as he went, trying to keep quiet enough where Jimin wouldn’t hear him.

“Yoongi-yah…” Seokjin said once he was finished. Yoongi heard the elder sit down. “Why is he doing all of this?”

“I-I wish I knew! He kept… He said I didn’t deserve to w-worry about him and… Jin hyung, his wrist…”

“He doesn’t need stitches, does he?”

Yoongi shook his head against the phone. “No, no. I s-stopped him before he c-could get that deep.”
“Alright. Wait for him to wake up, Yoongi-yah. Just… I’m sorry.”
Yoongi let out a shaky breath. “Thank you, hyungnim,” he muttered quietly.
He heard the smile in Seokjin’s voice. “Bye, Yoonie.”

Yoongi hung up the phone, turning to look at Jimin again. He let out another sniffle as he looked at the younger’s face and hugged him.




aftermath
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Jimin blinked his eyes open, letting his eyes adjust to the light pouring through the windows. Every part of his body seemed to ache. He looked around, finding the familiar surroundings of his living room. He then looked down, seeing his boyfriend asleep, his head resting on Jimin’s hand. Jimin could see the tear stains on his cheeks and the bags under his eyes.Why was Yoongi crying? Jimin sat up gingerly and used his free hand to brush back wisps of hair from Yoongi’s face. He liked his hyung with black hair. He looked so much prettier, happier.Jimin, beginning to lose the feeling in his fingers, attempted to move his hand from under Yoongi’s head. The movement caused stinging pain to shoot up his arm, as well as stirring Yoongi. His hyung whimpered softly in his sleep and gripped Jimin’s hand, keeping it there.“Hyung…” Jimin whispered. He lifted Yoongi’s sleeping head with his other hand and pulled his left hand away. Turning over his arm, he found a bandage on his wrist. His eyes widened as he remembered the previous events.“Hyung,” Jimin said again. He leaned over to Yoongi and cupped his face, pressing a gentle kiss to his forehead.Yoongi blinked slowly, a soft groan erupting from his throat. Jimin smiled at him as he rubbed the elder’s cheeks to help him wake up.“Jiminie?” Yoongi asked, voice raspy.Jimin nodded his head. “I’m so sorry.”Yoongi shook his head. “I’m sorry. I didn’t… I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have… I didn’t realize…”Jimin used his left hand to reach up and play with Yoongi’s hair. He winced at the sting. Yoongi grabbed his hand and placed it back on the couch. He leaned down and, as softly as he could, kissed the bandage.“I was the one who…” Jimin gulped. “I c-cut—”Yoongi shook his head and opened his arms. Jimin slid off the couch and let his boyfriend envelop him in a hug, keeping him as close as he possibly could.“I’m not mad.”“But it’s been so long. I got carried away. I’m sorry.” Jimin breathed shakily and hid his face in Yoongi’s neck. “Wasn’t thinking clearly.”Yoongi cooed at him and played with his hair. “But I’m not mad. It’s partially my fault. I’m so sorry, my love. I should have noticed something was wrong. You’re not usually so clumsy, or forgetful, or pouty.”Jimin shrugged. Yoongi played with the choker around his neck.“I also should be punishing you for this, as is our agreement. But…”Jimin pulled back and looked into Yoongi’s eyes. He nodded his head. “Please. I… Yes. Please.”Yoongi lifted a hand to Jimin’s cheek and smiled, shaking his head.Jimin sniffled. “I got better, and then I took a step back. I finally stopped, hyung. And I gave up all that time for… for…”Yoongi shook his head again. He pulled Jimin back to him and kissed his cheek. “You didn’t take a step back at all. I’m still so proud of you.”Jimin sniffled into his shoulder. He lifted his hands up to the back of his neck and fiddled with the clasp of his collar.“Baby, what are you—”Jimin pulled off the necklace and tried to put it down, but Yoongi caught his wrist, the good one.“What are you doing?”Jimin didn’t meet his gaze. He tried to place the necklace down again, but Yoongi kept his hand in place.“Jiminie, put it on.”Jimin shook his head.“Why not, baby? I love it so much. I love you so, so much.” Yoongi lifted his free hand to wipe the falling tears from Jimin’s eyes.“Don’t deserve it,” Jimin said quite emptily. It shocked Yoongi. It was a voice he hadn’t heard in years, hadn’t heard since Jimin was so depressed he couldn’t leave the bed.Yoongi shook his head rapidly and took the collar. He tried to put it around Jimin’s neck, but Jimin wasn’t meeting his eyes. “Jiminie, baby, look at me.”Jimin slowly looked at Yoongi just as the elder fastened the clasp. The one time he really needed to be able to work one of the stupid shits.“I love you and this changes nothing. You deserve everything in the entire world. You deserve more than what little I can offer you. I feel so, so lucky to be with you, and something like this isn’t going to change any of that. Okay?” Yoongi cupped Jimin’s cheeks and made him lean closer to Yoongi’s face, making him look Yoongi in the eye. “I love you. I love you so much it hurts. I feel like an idiot because every single time I see you, I grin like a little kid and want to never even leave your side. I love you.”Jimin was crying openly at this point. Yoongi nuzzled his nose against the younger’s and closed his eyes, smiling.“I love you, Jiminie.”Yoongi leaned forward and captured Jimin’s lips in a kiss, the younger’s tears mixing between their mouths. Jimin kissed Yoongi back softly, feeling the numbness that had settled in his chest become nonexistent.Yoongi, after pulling away, took his time to admire his boyfriend’s beautiful face. “I can’t wait until we get married and you’re mine.”“Like I’m not yours now, hyung? Ouch.” Jimin smiled, his eyes turning into the small crescents Yoongi couldn’t get enough of.Yoongi snorted. “You know what I mean.”Jimin shook his head with a grin. “You know, I don’t think I do. I thought I was yours regardless of marriage, Yoon hyung. Damn. This really sucks. I don’t know what I’ll do—”Yoongi leaned forward, letting Jimin win his little “argument”, and initiated another kiss. Jimin giggled into his mouth before kissing back, letting Yoongi take his time and savoring each moment as well.



Chapter End Notes
me: updates my fanfic on my birthday dlsfkdfns


what did i do?
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Yoongi had Jimin in his arms, a blanket thrown over the both of them. Jimin had picked out a movie, but Yoongi hadn’t been paying attention to it. He was scanning his boyfriend, looking for anything that might give him a clue what had been going through Jimin’s head. Yoongi couldn’t help but smile when Jimin turned back to look at him. The elder lightly grabbed his chin and leaned closer, kissing him. Jimin giggled and turned back around.Yoongi tightened his hold on the younger. The movie was finishing up, and Jimin was falling asleep. Yoongi turned Jimin around to face him. Jimin rested his head on Yoongi’s chest and looked up at him. Yoongi lifted a hand and ran it through Jimin’s brown locks.“Jimin?” Yoongi asked, staring at the hair slipping through his fingers.Jimin smiled softly and nodded. “Yes, hyung?”Yoongi’s mouth quirked a bit before he sighed. Jimin lifted and fell with his chest, a concerned look now in his eyes.“Hyung?”Yoongi looked into Jimin’s eyes, feeling like his heart was on the edge of breaking. “What did I do?”Jimin furrowed his brow. “What do you mean?”Yoongi looked up at the ceiling to prevent himself from crying. When he felt it was safe again, he met Jimin’s eyes once more. “What did I do to make you act like you did? I had to do something, Jimin. There’s no reason as to why…”Jimin shook his head, his pretty eyes clouded with worry. “Hyung, you did nothing. Nothing you did was wrong. I love you.”Yoongi smiled at that, playing with Jimin’s hair again. He brushed some hair behind the younger’s ear. Jimin was wearing a loose long sleeve striped shirt, the sleeves pulled over his palms, and he looked so beautiful that it made Yoongi want to assault him with kisses.“Then what happened, baby? Seeing you like that again…”It was Jimin’s turn to sigh. “I don’t know. I was feeling depressed or something, probably. I kind of went overboard and… I don’t know. I’m sorry, hyung.”Yoongi nodded slowly. “But you said you wanted me to punish you. You did nothing wrong and I didn’t know what to do.”Jimin looked away, focusing on something else. “Yeah. I… Sorry. I was doing that thing again. I thought you hated taking care of me, thought you shouldn’t have to waste all your time on me because I’m not worth it.”Yoongi lifted the younger’s face. “Jimin.”Jimin looked at him sadly.“I love you.”Jimin smiled softly and his eyes filled with tears. “I love you too.”“I love taking care of you. You deserve someone better than me. I love you so much. I’m not wasting my time on you, I want to spend all my time with you. Stop being so mean to yourself, my love.” Yoongi bit his lip. “I love you and it hurts so much to see you like that.”Jimin looked down at where his sweater paw rested on Yoongi’s chest. “I’m sorry.”
Yoongi sighed and ran a hand through Jimin’s hair. “Don’t be. I love you.”Jimin blinked and hummed. “I love you too, Daddy.” His eyes fluttered closed.Yoongi wrapped his arms around Jimin tightly and pulled the blankets higher over them. “Are you sleepy, baby?” He rubbed along Jimin’s back, soothing him.Jimin nodded slowly, enjoying the soft feelings encasing his body. He wanted to suck on his thumb, but he didn’t want to stop holding onto Yoongi. He whined and Yoongi smiled, understanding. Yoongi took one of his hands and offered his thumb, placing it between Jimin’s lips. Jimin took it thankfully and fit his mouth around the finger, sucking occasionally as he fell asleep.Yoongi watched him lovingly, unable to stop looking at his gorgeous boyfriend. He was so lucky. He loved Jimin. Yoongi tried not to giggle too much whenever Jimin would sleepily suck on his thumb and tickle him.



Chapter End Notes
i hate my birthday so im wooooo yoonmin


suit shopping
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




As Jimin was getting ready to leave the house, he was standing in the bathroom. He tweaked with his dark hair, trying to get the strands to work with him. Yoongi slinked through the doorway and sighed as he hugged around Jimin’s hips. Jimin smiled and kept messing with his hair.“Lemme go with you.”Jimin shook his head. “No way.”“But, Jiminie, it’s our wedding. Why can’t I help you pick out a suit?” Yoongi pouted and rested his chin on Jimin’s shoulder.“Because it’s against the rules, hyung.” Jimin tutted and shook his head once more. “Don’t you know you can’t see each other in your outfits before weddings?”Yoongi rolled his eyes. “That’s when a groom can’t see a bride in her dress. Jiminie~, please?”Jimin laughed. “I’m not letting you come. I’ve got Jin hyung and Jungkookie and Taehyungie.”“But I wanna see my beautiful husband.” Yoongi pouted, hiding his face into the younger’s shoulders.“You’re going suit shopping with Namjoon hyung and Hobi hyung. You’ll be fine.” Jimin grinned to himself. He finished with his hair and turned around in Yoongi’s hold, kissing him. “You can see it when we get married.”Yoongi stuck out his bottom lip. Jimin kissed it, making Yoongi giggle. The elder reached up and tousled Jimin’s hair, effectively messing it up. The younger groaned and scolded him as he left.~“I don’t know, hyung…” Jimin said, spinning in the mirror.Seokjin tsked and put his arms around Jimin’s shoulders. “You look incredibly handsome, Jiminie.” Jungkook and Taehyung agreed behind him.“Mmmm…” Jimin messed with the collar. “What colour was the boutonnière again?”“Jiminie, it’s your wedding.” Taehyung shook his head. “And it’s baby blue.”Jimin nodded and looked at the light gray of his dress shirt. “Would this gray work with baby blue, do you think, hyung?” Jimin asked, looking up at Seokjin.Seokjin smiled. “Yes, Jiminie. You look great. Just take a deep breath and look at it for a minute.”“Especially your ass,” Taehyung muttered. Jungkook smacked his shoulder. “It looks good!”Jimin nodded again and took a deep breath. Once he looked in the mirror without his worried mind, he smiled. The suit matched with his hair and features perfectly, even showing off his ass like Taehyung said — which Yoongi would be happy about.“Yeah. Yeah, I think this is the suit.”Taehyung and Jungkook started clapping from their places on the couch. Seokjin hugged Jimin around his shoulders, pressing a wet kiss to the side of his face.~“Ugh. This one is tight as fuck,” Yoongi groaned. He couldn’t lift his arms very high, which pissed him off.“Yoongi hyung, you look fine. We’ll just get it a bit bigger,” Hoseok said.Yoongi turned in the mirror, scowling at himself. “Baby blue… Someone pull up a photo of baby blue.”Namjoon rolled his eyes and pulled out his phone. He found the closest baby blue to the one Yoongi had shown him earlier. Standing up, he walked over to Yoongi and handed the elder his phone.Yoongi snatched his phone and held it against his suit. “This doesn’t work.”
Hoseok smiled. “Hyung, it looks great.”“This is why I wanted to shop with Jimin. Colour match.” Yoongi glared at his reflection.“You wanted to shop with him so you could see how great he looks in a tux,” Namjoon mumbled.Yoongi shot him a dirty look, but continued fussing with his outfit. He turned to the saleswoman and asked for a larger size. Namjoon and Hoseok both rolled their eyes.~Yoongi slammed the apartment door behind him, dropping everything by his shoes. He walked over to the couch, where Jimin was all curled up on himself, and dropped down, hiding his face into a pillow.“I hate shopping,” Yoongi yelled, his voice muffled from the pillow.Jimin giggled and reached over to stroke his hair. “It’s alright, hyung. I’m sure everything went fine.”“I had to go to so many stores, Jiminie. So many.” Yoongi shook his head against the pillow, his already messy hair getting frizzier.Jimin smiled. “I love you.”Yoongi pulled his face out of the pillow. “Huh?”Jimin, still playing with Yoongi’s hair, shrugged. “I dunno. I just love you. You’re pretty and cute.”Yoongi looked away, hiding his face from the younger.“Hyung… Are you blushing?” Jimin asked teasingly.Yoongi shook his head, still facing away from Jimin. He was determined not to let Jimin see him like this.“Oh my god, you’re blushing!” Jimin giggled and tried to see Yoongi’s face. Yoongi kept himself turned away. “Hyung~!”“Stop it, Jiminie,” Yoongi said, the smile evident in his voice.“Daddy!” Jimin squealed, throwing himself on Yoongi. Yoongi finally laughed and let Jimin attack his flushed cheeks in kisses.



Chapter End Notes
yoonmin >>>>>>>> my birthday


jimin's the best stress relief
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Yoongi groaned into his hands, elbows resting on the table. He felt Jimin come up behind him and brush his small fingers through his messy hair. The gesture calmed him down and he leaned back, tipping his head back so Jimin could kiss him.“It’s alright, hyung. You’re fine,” Jimin said, his soft voice soothing Yoongi’s nerves. He pressed a small kiss to the elder’s forehead.Yoongi smiled softly, his eyes closed. “Why did I pick baby blue for a colour scheme? I can’t get anything done because of the stupid colour. No one has anything that matches. Why did I do this?”Jimin chuckled under his breath. “Because it’s your favourite colour on me.”Yoongi groaned softly. “You’re right.”Jimin brushed his fingers through Yoongi’s hair again. “Coffee?”“Please.”Jimin nodded and went to the counter to turn on the coffee maker. Yoongi kept his eyes closed and rested his chin on his palm.“I love you,” Yoongi mumbled, smiling sleepily to himself.Jimin turned around, eyeing his hyung. “Hm?”Yoongi shrugged. “Dunno. Love you.”Jimin giggled as he turned back around. “You need some sleep, hyung.”Yoongi chuckled. “Probably. But I love you.”“I love you too, hyung. One cup of coffee and you gotta get some sleep,” Jimin demanded as he tampered with the machine.Yoongi turned around to look at him. He took in his boyfriend’s outfit. Jimin was wearing boxers, baby blue, and an oversized white shirt, the collar slipping off one of his shoulders. He looked so pretty. Yoongi walked behind Jimin and hugged his waist, resting his head on the younger’s exposed shoulder.Jimin giggled. “Hi, hyung.”Yoongi grinned. “Hi, baby.”Jimin shook his head. “Bedtime.”“Jiminie,” Yoongi whined.Jimin sighed, sliding a mug over to Yoongi. He took his own and turned in Yoongi’s hold.“Will you cuddle with me?” Yoongi asked, pouting.Jimin couldn’t help the smile. “You’re so clingy when you’re tired.”“Yeah. So cuddle me,” Yoongi demanded, pulling on Jimin’s arm.Jimin rolled his eyes. “Yes, hyung.”~Yoongi threw his phone to the ground in frustration, screaming a bit. He flopped onto the couch and held a pillow over his face, breathing heavily into it. Jimin came over and took the pillow from his hands, smiling down at Yoongi.“Daddy!”Yoongi forced a smile. “Baby boy!”Jimin pouted. “What’s wrong, Daddy?”Yoongi waved his hand. “It’s nothing, sweetheart. Do you need something?”Jimin’s face lifted and he nodded quickly. “Oh, yeah, Daddy! Mhm!”Yoongi grinned. “How can I help you, little one?”Jimin tapped his chin for a minute. “Really want to cuddle Daddy. Can I?”Yoongi opened his arms, smiling as Jimin jumped to lay on top of him. Yoongi hid his face in Jimin’s neck, hugging the younger tightly to himself. Jimin coughed a bit, giggling.“Ahh, Daddy. I missed your cuddles.”“And I missed you,” Yoongi mumbled. “You’re the best.”“I know,” Jimin said, laughing into Yoongi’s chest.Yoongi tutted. “You’re keeping me from killing all the people who are being difficult about our wedding.”Jimin nodded. “I know. They’re being so fucking stupid, Daddy!”Yoongi gasped, hitting Jimin in the head playfully, smiling when the younger giggled. “I agree but watch your mouth.”“Yes, sir!” Jimin said, faking a deeper voice and raising one hand to his forehead in a mock salute. Jimin propped himself up on Yoongi’s chest, resting his chin on his folded hands. He stared at Yoongi happily while the elder stared back.“I love you so much, Daddy.”Yoongi grinned and lifted his head to place a kiss on Jimin’s nose. “I love you too.”~Yoongi screamed words into his phone that Jimin would never dare to repeat. He actually covered his mouth with his hand as he laughed at Yoongi’s immense swearing vocabulary, not wanting to disturb Yoongi’s already frustrating call. Yoongi hung up his phone and threw it onto the couch next to him. He leaned back and rested on the cushions.“Jiminie!” Yoongi yelled.Jimin peeked around the corner of the hallway. “Yes, Daddy?”Yoongi looked up at him. He was pouting, his hair sticking at odd ankles from yanking on it. Yoongi purposefully quivered his lip. “Will you come cuddle Daddy?”Jimin giggled and used his chance to be a little bit of a brat. “Why?”“Because Daddy needs his baby.”“Did you not need me before now, Daddy?” Jimin asked, smirking.“Jiminie, stop teasing,” Yoongi groaned playfully. He outstretched his arms and made grabby hands at the younger. “Can you come cuddle me?”“I can.”“Will you?”Jimin giggled and nodded, running to the couch. He jumped over the back, landing on top of Yoongi. He snuggled up to the elder immediately. Yoongi sighed happily and wrapped his arms around Jimin, feeling all his stress melt away.
“I love you, baby boy.”
“I know!”




Chapter End Notes
woop woop


oh god the phrases infldneld
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Jimin sat cross-legged on the couch nursing a bottle of soda, smiling down at his friends on the floor. Taehyung and Jungkook were cuddling against the couch, the youngest looking like he was about to fall asleep. Hoseok and Namjoon were sitting on the couch with Hoseok in Namjoon’s lap. Jimin, sighing happily, leaned back against Yoongi’s shoulder, who smiled and kissed his forehead.Namjoon slid Hoseok off his lap, giving him a quick kiss to his cheek. He stretched and stood up. “I’m gonna check on Jin hyung.”Everyone watched Namjoon walk into the kitchen, where Seokjin was cooking on the stove. Namjoon snuck up on him and poked his sides. Seokjin yelped and dropped his spoon into the pot. Yoongi chuckled as Seokjin scolded the younger. Namjoon snuck his arms around Seokjin’s waist and rested his head on the elder’s shoulder.“What’s cookin’, good lookin’?” Namjoon asked.Jimin burst out into laughter, hitting his hand on Yoongi’s knee. Taehyung laughed into his palms, waking Jungkook up fully.“Are you serious, hyung?” Jimin called.Namjoon turned around and smirked. “He loves it. Isn’t that right, little knight?” he said to Seokjin.“Oh my god,” Jungkook groaned. “That’s disgusting.” He laughed into Taehyung’s hair.“Let me cook, Joon-ah!” Seokjin scolded, laughing. “Stop being a mushy little shit.”“Good golly, Miss Molly.” Namjoon giggled.Seokjin turned around and hit Namjoon on the head with the back of his spoon. “Leave me alone~!”Namjoon rubbed at his forehead. “Why so glum, chum?”Seokjin groaned and rubbed his forehead. Yoongi laughed quietly, resting his head against Jimin’s. Taehyung and Jungkook were whispering and giggling to each other on the floor.Seokjin glared at Namjoon, who held his hands up in defense. “Alright, alright. I’ll let you cook. See you later, alligator,” he said with a shit-eating grin.Seokjin looked away and mumbled. Namjoon nudged him and gave the elder a knowing look. Seokjin, sighing, gave in. “In a while, crocodile.”Everyone but Seokjin burst into laughter. He glared at them all and turned back to his food. Hoseok rolled his eyes.“Guys, this is all they do at home. It’s ridiculous.” Hoseok shook his head.“What else do they say, hyung?” Jungkook asked, recovering from his laughter.Hoseok grinned and sat up straight. He lowered his voice to imitate Namjoon. “‘What’s kickin’, kitten?’” He then raised the pitch of his voice to imitate Seokjin. “‘Wakey wakey, eggs and bakey, Namjoon baby.’”Yoongi couldn’t help it, he threw his head back and laughed. Jimin rested his head on the elder’s chest, giggling.Namjoon shook his head, smiling. “Stop exposing us, hyung.”“Excuse me, ‘I’m the boss, applesauce’,” Hoseok laughed.“You’re kidding me,” Yoongi groaned. “You guys are the literal worst.”“When I wake up, they like to say, ‘What’s the story, morning glory? Chop chop, lollipop! Don’t wanna be late! Gotta get you lookin’ clean, jellybean!” Hoseok laughed.Namjoon’s cheeks burned and he covered them with his hands. Yoongi looked like he was about to vomit in his mouth. Taehyung, Jungkook, and Jimin were in hysterical giggle fits, rolling around.“Hyung, stop,” Namjoon whined.Hoseok shot him a look. “Shut your lip, potato chip.”Yoongi snorted and hid his face in Jimin’s hair. Jimin only laughed and turned to kiss Yoongi’s cheek, fiddling with his collar.Seokjin called them from the kitchen, telling them the food was ready. Everyone stood up, the three youngest’s cheeks still red, and made their way to the kitchen table. Seokjin walked over to Namjoon and kissed his cheek.“What’s up, buttercup?”“Hyung!” Namjoon said, hitting the eldest in the arm. Seokjin just laughed and directed him to sit down.



Chapter End Notes
which of yall little shits made me write this lnlfnslnf i hate that this is the 69th chapter


haunted house



“It’s nearly Christmas,” Yoongi complained. “Why is there anything horror even going on?”Jimin tapped his foot. “Please?! You don’t even have to go!”“No. I don’t see the point.” Yoongi continued to swipe on his phone. “You hate horror. You get scared way too easily, baby.”“I’ll be big when I go! Please? Hoseokie and Taetae are going. Daddy~!”Yoongi rolled his eyes. “Fine. But when you come home crying…”Jimin squealed and ran to Yoongi, kissing his cheek. “Thank you, Daddy.”Yoongi waved him off with a smile. “Now, come here and cuddle me.”Jimin agreed and climbed into Yoongi’s lap, pressing kisses to his face repeatedly.~Jimin clung to Taehyung, hiding his face into the younger’s neck as he screamed. Hoseok was in the same boat, clinging to Taehyung’s other side. Taehyung was looking down, crying. The three had stopped moving, too scared to continue.They had gotten into the haunted house about five minutes ago, but it felt like forever to the three littles. They refused to move any further, regardless of the people behind them.Someone behind the three yelled at them to move, scaring Taehyung enough to jump and jerk the other two. They all glanced at each other before moving, the tears drying on their cheeks. They held onto each other tightly, their eyes shut in order to avoid their frightening surroundings.Once they made it out, Jimin fell to the ground. He curled up in a fetal position and sobbed. Hoseok joined him, hugging around him and whimpering quietly. Taehyung fell to his bum, pulling his knees to his chest and shaking.Seokjin sighed and captured the other caregivers’ attention, pointing to the three littles by the entrance. The minute Yoongi spotted Jimin crying, he took off in a sprint. He dropped to the ground by Jimin and grabbed him, pulling him into his lap and caressing his face.Namjoon took off in a jog, followed closely by Seokjin. The two reached Hoseok and Namjoon picked him up. Seokjin pressed soft kisses to the tears on his cheeks. He hugged Seokjin’s neck and stayed close to Namjoon.Jungkook didn’t have to run to Taehyung; Taehyung ran to him. Taehyung tackled Jungkook to the ground, hugging him tightly and whimpering into his shirt. Jungkook smiled softly and rubbed his back while petting through his hair.Yoongi kissed Jimin’s forehead. “I told you that you wouldn’t like it, baby.”“I-I’m s-sorry, Daddy!” Jimin cried. “D-Diminie won’t e-ever not listen t-to Daddy again!” Jimin hugged him even tighter, continuing to sob. Yoongi hushed him quietly and kissed his ear.Hoseok scrambled for a hold on both his caregivers. They both kissed him and shushed him, sweetly reprimanding him for thinking he could handle it.Taehyung kept Jungkook pinned to the ground until they were ready to leave. Seokjin had to pick the little off of the youngest, letting Jungkook get up before releasing Taehyung again. Immediately, Taehyung latched onto Jungkook and hid against his shoulder.Yoongi let Jimin get on his back and cover his face. Yoongi carried him to their car while everyone else went to theirs. On the way home, Yoongi kept one hand on the wheel, one hand holding onto Jimin’s.~Yoongi sat Jimin on the couch and sat on the table in front of him. Jimin had his hands in his lap, avoiding eye contact with Yoongi.“Jimin-ah.”Jimin shook his head, whimpering softly.“Look at me.”Jimin slowly but surely looked up. He met Yoongi’s eyes sadly. “A-Am I being punished?”Yoongi smiled softly. “I think going through that house was punishment enough.”Jimin visibly relaxed. He pouted, however, once he saw how Yoongi didn’t move to hug him, kiss him, anything.“But what did you do wrong?”Jimin’s shoulders sank. “I didn’t listen to Daddy’s directions.”“And why is that wrong?” Yoongi asked. He put his elbows on his knees, resting his chin on his palms.“B-Because Daddy knows what’s best for me and only wants me safe and Daddy l-loves me and I love him and I t-trust Daddy and…” Jimin sniffled.Yoongi smiled and lifted his hands to cup Jimin’s cheeks. He pressed a soft kiss to Jimin’s lips until the younger smiled.“I love you, Jiminie.”Jimin giggled. “I love you too, Daddy. Cuddles?”Yoongi nodded and nuzzled his nose against Jimin’s happily. The younger giggled and closed his eyes.



daddy jungkook?????



Jungkook brought a plate of gamjajeon into the living room where Taehyung, Jimin, and Hoseok were. Yoongi was helping him babysit while Namjoon and Seokjin went out to buy Christmas presents. Yoongi had gone down the street for a second to get some more art supplies since Taehyung seemed to use them all. Jungkook pet Taehyung’s hair and kissed him, then pat both the other littles’ heads before leaving the room again.Jimin took some of the food. “I miss Daddy.”Taehyung grinned. “J-Jiminie is so wh-whipped for Uncle Yoon.”Hoseok giggled and fell onto his back, poking at his stomach while making cute popping noises and hums.Jimin rolled his eyes. “I love my Daddy like you love Jungkookie.”“I do love m-my Kookie Bear,” Taehyung said, smiling to himself as he took a bite of his own.~Jungkook came back into the room with a blanket for each of them. He wrapped Taehyung up first, placing kisses all over his face. Then, he took the second blanket and put it on top of Hoseok, who was still laying on the floor. The youngest pet Hoseok’s hair with a smile before going to Jimin, who looked beyond sleepy and dazed. He wrapped Jimin in the blanket, smoothing out Jimin’s bangs as well.“Thank you, Daddy.”Jungkook froze and moved back, looking at Jimin with furrowed brows. Hoseok sat up, the blanket falling off of him and his eyes wide. Taehyung paused, food halfway to his mouth. Jimin snapped his mouth shut and held his hand over it, eyes squeezed shut and his face red.
”What?!”
Jimin whipped his head towards the door. Yoongi stood there, bags in one hand and his other hand holding onto the knob. “D-Daddy!”Yoongi glared angrily at them all. “What the fuck?”Taehyung stood up, expression angry as well. He crossed his arms with a “hmph” and pouted, looking away from everyone. Hoseok slowly chewed on his food, watching the scene unfold.Yoongi put the bags down and closed the door. He stalked closer to them, eyes shooting daggers at the youngest.“D-Daddy, wait!” Jimin yelled.Yoongi ignored him and got in Jungkook’s face. He may have been smaller, but Jungkook still looked terrified. “What the fuck did he just call you?”Jungkook stammered. “I — hyung, I — I — but, I didn’t—”Yoongi grabbed the front of Jungkook’s shirt and pulled him closer. “What in the actual fuck did he just call you?” he muttered darkly. Jimin stood up, wrapping his arms around Yoongi’s waist from behind. “Daddy, no. It was my fault,” he whined.Yoongi, still ignoring Jimin, pulled Jungkook impossibly closer. Their noses touched and Jungkook gulped. Muttering, Yoongi said, “Do not make me beat your bunny toothed ass to the floor, Jeon fucking Jungkook. I will spit on your grave.”Jimin pulled on Yoongi, efforts futile as he leaned back with the struggle. “Daddy!”Yoongi dropped Jungkook’s shirt and shoved him away. Yoongi pulled Jimin in front of himself and grabbed his collar, careful not to hurt his boyfriend.“You see this? This collar? He’s  mine!” Yoongi yelled. He scooped up Jimin and threw him over his shoulder, walking towards the door.Jimin hit him on the back repeatedly. “Daddy, no! I wanna stay here!”Yoongi put Jimin back on the ground. He pulled the younger as close to him as he could. Their lips barely brushed. “Who am I, Jimin?”“Daddy.”“Who is Jungkook?”“Jungkook, Daddy.”“Whose are you?”“Yours, Daddy.”“Whose am I?”“Mine, Daddy.”Yoongi smiled and kissed him. He nuzzled Jimin’s nose with his and let him go, pushing him towards the others. “Go ahead, baby.”Jimin skipped happily over to the couch and started eating again. Taehyung kept pouting and looking away from Jungkook. Jungkook went over to him and hugged the elder.“You’re o-only my Daddy.”Jungkook smiled. “Yes, kitten. I am.”Taehyung let out another “hmph” and turned in Jungkook’s arms, hiding his face in the younger’s neck. Hoseok laid back down and continued poking at his stomach happily.



daddy jk pt 2



Jimin dragged Yoongi by the sleeve of his sweatshirt toward Jungkook and Taehyung’s apartment. Yoongi stomped behind him grumpily. Yoongi didn’t want to apologize to Jungkook. Sure, he had gotten jealous and been harsh, but Jimin was his. Yoongi tried to yank out of Jimin’s hold.“Hyung, you’re apologizing.”“Jiminie, don’t make me. Please?” Yoongi pouted and stopped walking.Jimin dropped his arm and got closer to him. “Hyung, you were awful.”“Yeah, well, you’re mine.”Jimin snorted. “Yes. And you’re mine. But it was my fault, not his.”“I don’t wanna.”“Hyung.”“Yes?”Jimin shook his head and linked his hand with Yoongi’s. “Come on, hyung.”Jimin dragged Yoongi to the door and knocked until Jungkook opened it. “Hyungs?”Jimin smiled softly at him. “Hi, Jungkookie.” Jimin pushed past him into the apartment, still pulling Yoongi.Jungkook closed the door and looked at them. “What’s going on?”Yoongi crossed his arms and pouted. Jimin hit him playfully. Yoongi grumbled. “Sorry, Jungkook-ah.”“What?” Jungkook tilted his head. “What for?”Yoongi threw his arms up in the air. “Why am I apologising if he doesn’t even know, Jimin?!”“Yoongi hyung,” Jimin warned.Yoongi sneered. “I’m sorry for threatening to beat your bunny toothed ass to the floor.”Jungkook snorted. “That’s it?”Yoongi looked at him and nodded. “Yeah.”Jungkook laughed. “I was just happy you didn’t kill me. Thought you would. Hyung, you threaten everyone over Jimin.”Yoongi looked at Jimin. “Told you.”Jimin rolled his eyes and turned away. Taehyung walked into the room, confused. “Yoongi hyung?” He looked at Jimin. “J-Jiminie!” he squealed in his little voice.Jimin’s face blanked for a second before he grinned. “Taetae!” he giggled.Yoongi smiled fondly as he watched Jimin squeal excitedly, running to Taehyung and hugging him. The two ran off somewhere and Yoongi sighed. Jungkook threw an arm over Yoongi’s shoulders and laughed.“They’re cute.”“I’ll still beat your ass, Jungkook-ah.”“I know, hyung. I love you too.”



collars, cleaning, & christmas



“I absolutely refuse, Park Jimin.”“Daddy isn’t being fair to Jiminie.”“Jimin.”“Daddy.”Yoongi rubbed his temples. “Where did you get this idea from? You cannot wear your collar to our wedding, baby.”“Daddy, why?! I love it! It’s pretty!”“Jiminie, I love it too. But not for a wedding.”“Why, Daddy? I-Is it too weird…?” Jimin blushed and looked down at his hands, fiddling with his fingers. Yoongi could see a tears well up in his eyes.“Hey, hey. Don’t do that. Come here, baby.” Yoongi opened his arms and Jimin let Yoongi hug him. “Don’t cry. Daddy hates it when you cry.”“S-So it’s weird? I’m sorry, Daddy.” Jimin pouted and hid his face in Yoongi’s chest.“Hey. It’s not weird. Daddy loves you and your collars. Okay? Daddy just doesn’t want you to feel… bad at your wedding.”“Bad? I’m okay, Daddy! Can I… Can I wear the black one? It’ll match.” Jimin smiled up at him. “Please, Daddy?”Yoongi sighed and looked down at him. “You’re gonna be the death of me, my adorable little Jimin baby.”“Yay!” Jimin squealed. He hugged Yoongi tighter and nuzzled his head into the elder’s chest.~Yoongi had Jimin on his hip, carrying him around the house as he tidied up. Jimin was getting sleepy, his eyes drooping and his hold on Yoongi loosening. He knew the younger wanted to nap with Yoongi, but Yoongi desperately needed to clean. Jimin was always clingy when he was tired. This was the only way they could both get what they wanted.Finally, Yoongi was done and brought Jimin into the bedroom, laying him down on the bed. He sighed happily and jumped onto the bed next to him. Jimin wrapped around him like a koala.“Hi, babe.”“Hi, hyung.” Jimin laughed and kissed the side of Yoongi’s neck.Yoongi looked at Jimin incredulously. “You’re not even little?!”Jimin grinned and shook his head.“So, you made me carry you around for nothing.” Yoongi groaned. “I’m too weak.”Jimin giggled. “I love you, Yoongi hyung.”“Yeah, I love you too. Cuddle me.”~Jimin had on his favourite fluffy pyjama bottoms, one of Yoongi’s sweatshirts, and fuzzy socks. He was sitting in a chair by the window, watching the snow fall slowly and cover the ground. In his hands was a warm mug of hot cocoa with cinnamon. He could only be happier if Yoongi was next to him.The elder had gone out to work about an hour ago. Jimin hated it. It was Christmas for fuck’s sake. Why couldn’t he stay home?Jimin sighed and stared into the cocoa. He put his face close to the mug, loving the way the smoke curled around his face. Yoongi should be here drinking cocoa with him. Instead, he was typing away at a computer screen.Jimin looked back out the window and blinked. There was a figure walking towards the apartment complex, through the snow, wearing nothing but a tee and sweats, gripping something to his chest. Jimin groaned and placed down his cocoa, running out of the apartment immediately after grabbing a sweatshirt.~“I can’t fucking believe you, hyung,” Jimin scolded as he threw the sweatshirt around Yoongi’s shoulders.Yoongi, shivering violently, placed a cold kiss on Jimin’s cheek. “H-Hey, b-babe. You l-look nice t-t-today.” He still had whatever he was holding clutched to his chest, protected by his shirt.Jimin shook his head. “Come on, let’s go get you warmed up. You’re such a dummy.” He put an arm around Yoongi’s waist and helped him into the elevator.~Yoongi sat on the couch, a mug of coffee in his hand and bundled up in multiple blankets. With his free hand, he was clutching the thing under his shirt.“Alright, hyung,” Jimin said. He sat down in front of Yoongi and took a sip from his own cocoa. “What are you hiding?”Yoongi smiled up at him. He lifted his shirt and pulled out a beautifully decorated package. It was baby blue and silver with a frilly silver bow on top of it. He handed it over to Jimin and smiled. “Merry Christmas, Jiminie.”Jimin slowly took the present and scanned it, then looked up at Yoongi. “Yoongs...”Yoongi laughed lightly. “Go on and open it, baby.”
“Yoongs, you didn’t have to…get me anything. I thought we were saving for the wedding.” Jimin looked down at the present again, a soft smile covering his features.“So? I’m not allowed to spoil the love of my life?” Yoongi tapped the present. “Open it, you disrespectful angel.”Jimin met Yoongi’s eyes and saw the elder panic. Yoongi sat up and put the coffee down, cupping Jimin’s face with his hands.“Jiminie, don’t cry. I was just kidding. Oh my gosh, stop crying.”Jimin giggled and kissed him. “Thank you, Yoon.”“Aish, kid. Stop it and open the present.” Yoongi smiled despite himself. Jimin dropped honorifics when he was beyond happy, and it warmed Yoongi up more than the blankets ever could.Jimin wiped his eyes with the back of his hand and took the bow off the present, placing it on Yoongi’s head. Yoongi rolled his eyes.“Really, Minnie?”“Payback. We weren’t supposed to get presents.”“Minnie, just open the present already!” Yoongi was bouncing impatiently.Jimin smiled and tore into the wrapping paper. He pushed the trash off to the side and looked at the box in his hands. He slowly took the top off and put it aside. Reaching into the box, Jimin pulled out a gold bracelet with a charm. Gasping, he examined the charm repeatedly, flipping it back and forth.On one side, in beautiful script, was Busan. The other, an equally intricate Daegu.Jimin, tears in his eyes again, looked up at his hyung. “Yoongs,” he tried to say, but his voice cracked.Yoongi grinned at him. “Merry Christmas, Minnie.” He held out his hand to help Jimin put the bracelet on.Jimin watched the gold catch the light of the nearby Christmas tree and smiled. “Yoonie.”“Yes, baby?”“You’re such an idiot.” Jimin stood up and sat down on Yoongi’s lap, facing him. He took Yoongi’s face in his hands and kissed him senseless. Yoongi wrapped his arms around Jimin’s waist while Jimin’s wrapped around his neck. “I love you.”“Aww, I love you too.” Yoongi smiled and kissed Jimin again.“Is that where you went? To — to get me this?” Jimin held up his arm with the bracelet, still admiring it.“Of course not. I really had to work.”Jimin looked at him accusingly.“Okay, yes. It is. I couldn’t get out any other time to get you anything without you being suspicious. So…” Yoongi blushed and looked down. “I wanted to get you something. I know we’re saving up, but you deserved it.”Jimin laughed and hugged Yoongi tightly. He kissed Yoongi’s neck where he could reach and smiled. “Thank you, Gi,” he whispered.“Anytime, baby.” Yoongi nuzzled his face into Jimin’s hair and closed his eyes, sighing contently. “You’re so warm. Can you stay like this?”Yoongi felt Jimin giggle softly. “Sure, hyung.”“Y’know, I really like you. You’re pretty cool, Jimin.”Jimin snorted. “Yeah, you’re cool too. Can’t wait to get married.”Yoongi kissed the side of his head and wrapped his arms around Jimin’s back, clasping his hands and keeping the younger there. They stayed that way for God knows how long before Jimin fell asleep. Yoongi, ever so carefully, carried him to their bedroom and laid him on their bed, snuggling up next to him immediately.



night before



Yoongi was shaking. His whole body, nonstop, shook to the point where he couldn’t even hold a bottle of water without spilling it. His mind wouldn’t focus. Yoongi wasn’t sure if he was even breathing anymore. If he was breathing, it certainly wasn’t regular.“Hyung. Yoongi hyung,” Hoseok tried. He was waving his hand in front of Yoongi’s face. The elder wasn’t responding, he was simply staring into space.Hoseok snorted. “Is that Park Jimin shirtless?”Yoongi snapped out of his thoughts and whipped his head around as if in search of something. “What? Where?”Hoseok burst into laughter, pointing at Yoongi. Namjoon joined in. Seokjin shook his head and pat Yoongi on the back.“Yoongi-yah, it’s alright. It’s gonna be fine.”Yoongi put his head in his hands and rubbed his temples. “Jesus Christ, I’m not ready. It’s too soon, isn’t it?”Seokjin tousled his hair. “You’re ready, you know you are.”“I’m gonna puke.”Hoseok grinned. ”Would you stop worrying and have some fun? This is your bachelor party.”Namjoon took a sip of his drink. Seokjin stood up and grabbed the collar of Namjoon’s shirt. “We’re actually gonna go dance and have fun.”Namjoon grinned and slung his arm around Seokjin’s shoulders, leading him to the dance floor. Yoongi put his elbow on the table and supported his chin, pouting. Hoseok rubbed his back.“Hyung, you still breathing?”“Sadly.”Hoseok snorted. “What are you so worried about? This is your last night of freedom.”Yoongi smiled and shook his head. “I haven’t had ‘freedom’ for years, Seokseok. I’m just nervous.”Hoseok grinned and sat down. “He loves you.”“I love him.”“Then stop worrying and go dance with your almost-husband.”Yoongi turned his head to the other side of the club where Jungkook, Taehyung, and Jimin were all laughing around a cake. Taehyung smudged some of the cake on Jimin’s nose and laughed so hard he fell out of the chair. Jungkook pointed at Taehyung and laughed, falling into Jimin’s arms. Yoongi found himself grinning, watching his fiancé laugh with his head back, whole body shaking happily, a stark contrast to Yoongi’s.Yoongi nodded and stood up. He smiled at Hoseok for a second before making his way towards the youngest three’s table. Yoongi was sure he bumped into way too many people as he moved past the mass of bodies, but he couldn’t find it in himself to care when Jimin looked as pretty as he did with his blond-white hair and eyesmile.When Yoongi was a few steps away from the table, Jimin looked up and met his eyes. Jimin grinned beautifully, reaching out his arms toward Yoongi. Yoongi would have thought nothing of it, but Jimin started making grabby hands.Yoongi furrowed his brow and linked his hands with Jimin’s, kissing his forehead. “Jimin-ah?”Jimin threw his arms around Yoongi’s neck, nuzzling his cheek against the elder’s. “Daddy,” he muttered.Yoongi smiled softly, rubbing Jimin’s back. “Baby, we’re at a club.”“And I saw Daddy and got happy.”Yoongi laughed a bit and he felt Jimin giggle slightly.“Jiminie baby, you gotta stay big here. It’s…” Yoongi glanced around the club. Everywhere he looked, there were couples making out and grinding on each other. “It’s not for little you.”Jimin nodded. “I know that, Daddy. I just love you so much is all. I can be big.”Yoongi kissed his cheek. “I love you too.”Jimin took a deep breath and closed his eyes. He sighed, smiling. “Can we dance, hyung?”Yoongi pulled away to look at Jimin’s face. “Are you crazy?”Jimin furrowed his brow. “Huh?”“My beautiful, talented, and amazing dancer fiancé expects me to dance with him? Jimin-ah, I look like a fucking grandpa trying to dance next to you.”Jimin giggled, bringing a hand up to cover his mouth as he laughed. He looked at Yoongi adoringly, his eyes squinting. “Please, hyung?”Yoongi rolled his eyes and linked his fingers with Jimin’s. “Just because I love you and we’re getting married tomorrow.”Jimin made an excited noise and pulled Yoongi with him to the dance floor.~Yoongi was sitting on the edge of the couch cushion with Jimin on the floor between his legs. The elder was brushing Jimin’s hair, getting out each knot carefully. Jimin hummed and closed his eyes as he smiled.While Yoongi was holding his head still, Jimin reached out for something on the table. He wasn’t able to reach, so he whined under his breath. Yoongi perked up and saw his hand out, making grabby hands at the baby blue pacifier.
Yoongi grinned and pushed his back lightly, helping Jimin to reach it. The little grabbed the pacifier and popped it into his mouth. Jimin moved back between Yoongi’s legs and tilted his head to look up at Yoongi with a smile.“Thank you!” he squealed, words muffled and his eyesmile bright as ever.Yoongi chuckled softly. “You’re welcome, little one.”Jimin put his head back down, letting Yoongi continue. He hummed along happily to a song Yoongi didn’t know the name of. He smiled fondly, brushing through the knotted mess of Jimin’s hair.When he was done, Jimin leaned back again, looking up at Yoongi like he was asking for something. Yoongi lifted his eyebrows. Jimin reached up for Yoongi, pulling him down. The elder smiled and kissed his forehead, then nose. Yoongi moved the pacifier for a second to kiss his lips, then gave it back immediately.Jimin was blushing as he said, “Daddy.”“Yes, Jiminie baby?”“Daddy,” the younger said again.“Yes, my love?”Jimin giggled. “Daddy.”“Yes, baby boy?”“Daddy.”“Yes, sweetheart?”Jimin giggled again, hiding his mouth with his hand. “Daddy!”“Yes, little prince?”Jimin stood up, getting onto Yoongi’s lap, facing him, and snuggled into his chest. “Mmm, Love you, Daddy.” Yoongi died a little inside. Who allowed Jimin to be so cute?“I love you too, baby.” Yoongi said, holding him tightly and pressing kisses all over the younger’s face.



wedding!!
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Seokjin was pushing Yoongi roughly from behind despite the younger’s protesting.“Hyung. Hyung! Seokjin hyung! Stop it! Stop!” he was yelling, breathing heavily.“Yoongi-yah. I’m doing this because I love you.” Seokjin continued to push him.Yoongi was clutching Seokjin’s arms behind him. “Stop this! Hyung, I’m not ready! I-I — hyung, I can’t breathe! Please!”Seokjin kept pushing him towards the door. Yoongi put his arms out, grabbing onto the side of the doorway so Seokjin couldn’t push him through.“Seokjinnie hyungnim…” Yoongi turned around and threw his arms around Seokjin’s neck. “I’m so scared.”Seokjin softened and pet Yoongi’s hair. “It’s going to be fine, Yoongi-yah. I promise you. Shh, it’s okay.” He rubbed the younger’s back and held him tightly.Yoongi’s breathing slowed. He pulled back from Seokjin and looked up at him. The elder smiled and wiped Yoongi’s cheeks.“No crying. You’ll ruin your makeup.”Yoongi let out a breath and nodded. “Okay. Yeah. I can do this.”Seokjin nodded, straightening Yoongi’s hair and suit, pinning his boutonnière back to normal. “Yes, you can. Now go before I force you.”Yoongi took a deep breath. “Alright.” Yoongi turned towards the door and started to walk out.He froze in fear, unable to move his feet. Seokjin rolled his eyes and pushed Yoongi. The younger tripped into the giant room, nearly falling onto his face. He caught himself at the last second and straightened up, looking around the area he was in.There were guests on both sides of the room, taking up nearly the full venue. They were facing the front, where there was a huge arch of flowers — Seokjin’s idea. There was a podium in the middle of the arch. On each row of chairs, there was a little bouquet of flowers.Yoongi looked directly across from him to find Jimin getting last details fixed. He had his back to Yoongi, and that somehow made Yoongi more nervous. He legs started shaking and he nearly fell over. Then, suddenly, there were hands on his back.“Yoongi hyung, it’s okay,” Taehyung whispered.Yoongi nodded. He looked across to the other door again where Jimin was standing, still facing away from him, talking to Hoseok. He looked at Taehyung, who had a basket full of flower petals, just like Hoseok.Taehyung waved over to Hoseok, who waved back. They nodded to each other and gestured to Seokjin to start the music.Piano notes filled the room and the guests turned around to watch. Hoseok and Taehyung ran to each other, meeting halfway, and began making their way down the aisle. They giggled and threw the petals everywhere they could, surely making some end up in their guests’ hair.Jimin finally turned around to see where Yoongi was. Yoongi gasped at how pretty his fiancè looked. Whoever had done his hair had curled it into a fluffy mess atop his head. His eyes were rimmed with kohl and his cheekbones were covered with shimmer. He looked stunning.Yoongi still wasn’t moving his feet. Someone — Jungkook, probably — pushed him from behind so he would start walking towards the middle. Jimin giggled behind his hand and started walking as well. They met each other in the same way Hoseok and Taehyung had and linked their fingers.Jimin grinned brightly at Yoongi before they made their way down the aisle. “Hi, hyung.”“Jimin,” Yoongi could only mutter. His eyes were still scanning Jimin’s beautiful face.Jimin kissed Yoongi’s cheek and helped him to begin walking down the aisle. Yoongi sputtered quietly but followed Jimin’s lead. Jimin walked on the side of his family while Yoongi walked on his. The elder could spy his brother in the crowd, grinning at him next to his mother and father. Jimin was giggling at his own family’s reactions.There was a mess of flower petals spread along the floor where Jimin and Yoongi stood at the podium. Namjoon was behind the podium, resting his chin on his palms. Yoongi was shaking and gripping Jimin’s hand tight as they faced each other.“You’re cute,” Namjoon muttered. Yoongi glared at him quickly and looked back to Jimin, still shaking.Namjoon adjusted the microphone, nearly breaking it for a split second, and straightened his shoulders. Yoongi stared into Jimin’s eyes while gripping both of his hands, sure that he was sweating.Before Namjoon could even get a word out, Yoongi suddenly burst into tears. Jimin’s eyes widened and he reacted immediately, pulling Yoongi against him. There was a loud “aww” from their guests, but Yoongi paid it no mind as he sobbed into the crook of Jimin’s neck.Jimin was grinning, rubbing Yoongi’s back and hair. “Hyung, it’s okay!”Yoongi pulled back and wiped his eyes, hoping he hadn’t smudged his makeup. “But you’re so pretty.”Jimin giggled and cupped Yoongi’s face, tilting his head down so he could kiss Yoongi’s forehead. “Yoongs, it’s okay.”Yoongi shook his head, new tears spilling out of his eyes. Jimin just laughed and kissed them away.“You can do this, Yoongi. Sweetheart, you’ll be okay. It’ll be over before you know it.”“I don’t want it to be over. You look so pretty,” Yoongi blubbered.Jimin shook his head fondly, kissing Yoongi’s cheek. “It’s okay. It’s okay.”Yoongi nodded and let Jimin wipe his face before he stood back in his own spot. Namjoon was grinning from his place at the podium. He leaned down to the microphone and said, “I don’t think I’ve ever seen hyung cry like that. Nice job, Jiminie.”The guests laughed, of course, but Yoongi shot him a death glare. Namjoon waved it off and continued.“Hyung, don’t look at me like that. I got licensed just to marry you and Jiminie…”Jimin rolled his eyes and gestured for Namjoon to actually begin the ceremony, which the other gladly did.~When the ceremony ended, Yoongi and Jimin now wearing another pair of matching rings, Namjoon told them they could kiss. Yoongi was holding back tears, so it was Jimin who pulled Yoongi to himself. He grabbed Yoongi’s face and kissed him through Yoongi’s sobbing. The elder latched onto his shirt. Jimin laughed into the kiss at their guests’ reactions.Yoongi still couldn’t move to walk back down the aisle, regardless of how much Jimin tried to get him to follow. So Jimin sighed with a grin and stood next to Yoongi then quite literally swept Yoongi off his feet. He carried his hyung bridal style down the aisle, smiling at everyone’s “aww”s and laughing. Yoongi threw his arms around Jimin’s neck, staying close to him as he was brought out of the room, still crying so heavily he could barely breathe.~“I cannot believe you cried,” Hoseok said, clinking his glass with Seokjin’s.Yoongi hid his face in his arms. “Jiminie, make them stop.”Jimin laughed. “I thought I was the one who was gonna be a blubbering mess — like, I even dreamed about it. But, hyung, I had to carry you out of there!”Yoongi groaned as everyone laughed at Jimin’s statement. “I couldn’t help it!”Jungkook grinned. “What did he say to you, Jimin hyung? When you were up there?”Yoongi picked his head up and glared at his husband. “Don’t you dare.”“‘But you’re so pretty!’” Jimin mocked. Everyone burst into laughter again. Jimin immediately pulled Yoongi into his arms and kissed his cheek. “I love you, hyung,” he giggled.“Someone get me a soda since I can’t drink.”Jimin giggled and waved a server over, asking nicely for a soda. Yoongi leaned into Jimin, letting the younger hold onto him.“I love you, Jiminie.”“I love you too, Yoongs.”~“Park Jimin, I will destroy you!” Yoongi ran after his husband, reaching for his face.Jimin giggled loudly, trying to hide around the table. “I’m sorry, hyung! No!”Yoongi caught up to the hysterical younger, slapping him lightly in the face with a handful of cake frosting. Jimin only laughed harder, falling to the floor. Yoongi tried to stay angry but quickly laughed just as hard, helping Jimin up from the floor.Taehyung and Jungkook were running around as well, throwing cake at each other. Seokjin was trying to keep Hoseok from joining in.Jimin went up to Yoongi and licked his cheek, humming at the taste of the frosting. “We got good cake.”Yoongi made a face and scrunched his nose. “Ew, Jimin!”“Oh, please. Like you’ve never had my tongue on you.”Yoongi blushed heavily, hoping no one had heard Jimin. Of course, Namjoon did, and he was laughing his ass off at the table. Yoongi shot him a look and met Jimin’s eyes again.“I’m gonna kill you.”Jimin laughed and kissed Yoongi.~“Alright, Namjoon, Hoseok, and I are leaving,” Seokjin told Yoongi. “Your car is packed with your presents and everything. You alright to get home with Jimin, Yoongi-yah?”Yoongi nodded. “Thank you.”“Say, ‘thank you, Seokjin hyungnim’.” Seokjin grinned.Yoongi rolled his eyes. “Thank you, Seokjin hyungnim.”Seokjin rustled his hair and said goodbye, walking over to see Jimin as well before leaving. Most, if not all, of the guests had left after saying goodbye to the new husbands.Namjoon came over and hugged the both of them. “Have fun tonight.” Namjoon winked and left to find Seokjin. Yoongi sputtered and Jimin just giggled at Yoongi’s reaction.Jimin and Yoongi were the last to leave, packing up the remainder of their things and getting into their car. Jimin let Yoongi drive home, holding his hand the whole time.Jimin unlocked the apartment door, holding it open for Yoongi to walk through. Yoongi walked past Jimin and collapsed on the couch. Jimin laughed and followed, falling right on top of Yoongi and making the elder groan.“I’m so happy, Yoon.”Yoongi grunted. “I’m sleepy.” Jimin scoffed. “But I love you.”Jimin laughed again and kissed Yoongi’s cheek. “Can we sleep for a bit?”Yoongi nodded. “Here or the bedroom?”“I don’t think I can make it to the bedroom.”Yoongi wrapped his arms around Jimin and kissed him, slowly and sleepily. Jimin kept his eyes closed even after, getting close to Yoongi and tucking his head into the elder’s chest.



Chapter End Notes
this is the best don’t @ me


wedding night



“Jimin,” Yoongi whined, arms raised above his head. His hair was messy on his head and his were eyes tired, even a bit puffy. He had been swamped with work and hadn’t looked away from his screen for hours.Jimin looked over at his hyung. “Yeah?”Yoongi pouted. “Will you carry me to the bedroom?”Jimin scoffed. “And I’m the little?”Yoongi pouted more. “Please?”Jimin sighed and walked over to Yoongi, putting an arm under his knees and one behind his back. He hefted Yoongi into the air, leaving the laptop on the couch, and only groaned slightly at the exertion. Yoongi smiled sleepily, holding onto Jimin’s neck as the younger carried him into their room.Jimin threw Yoongi onto the bed and giggled at his hyung’s surprised yelp. Jimin crawled into bed with him and wrapped his arms around Yoongi. Yoongi sighed happily into Jimin’s neck.“I can’t believe this is how we’re spending the night of our wedding; me carrying you around,” Jimin giggled.“Would you rather spend it another way?” Yoongi asked with a smirk.“Thought you were tired.” Jimin furrowed his brow. “What are you hinting at, hyung?”Yoongi smiled and kissed Jimin gently. He pulled back momentarily before kissing him again. Jimin grinned as they went for kiss after kiss, slotting their mouths together for only a few seconds at a time. Yoongi pushed Jimin onto his back and crawled on top of him, kissing in a line down his jaw.Jimin smiled and tilted his head back to allow the other better access to his neck. Yoongi left fleeting kisses over the younger’s skin. Jimin sighed and closed his eyes.“You know what I love, Jiminie?” Yoongi whispered. He kept placing kisses over Jimin’s collarbones. Jimin hummed softly. Yoongi kissed a certain spot between the younger’s neck and shoulder. “I love this scar.”“Hyung,” Jimin whined, knowing what was coming. Yoongi chuckled against his shoulder.Yoongi let his hand slide down Jimin’s chest before pulling his shirt up. The younger stayed back on the pillow and let Yoongi hover over him. Slowly, Yoongi’s hands traced their way over Jimin’s chest.“I love these scars too,” Yoongi whispered as he kissed over the whole of each of them. They brought back ugly memories of Jimin’s attacker, but they were a part of him. “I hate how they were inflicted… but they’re so beautiful on you. You’re beautiful.”Jimin whined softly, under his breath, his cheeks flushing. Yoongi just smiled and continued kissing down towards his stomach. The elder took Jimin’s hands in his and looked up at the younger, meeting his eyes as he kissed the tattoo on Jimin’s wrist.“I love sharing a tattoo with you. I’m so lucky.”Jimin’s blush spread to his chest and he laid his head back so Yoongi couldn’t laugh at his blush. Turning over Jimin’s hand to stare at his palm, Yoongi kissed the scar across his palm from the glass a long time ago.“Hyung, stop it,” the younger whimpered.Yoongi giggled quietly. “You’re so amazing, Jiminie. And now you’re my husband. I could cry.”“You did cry.”Yoongi flicked Jimin’s stomach lightly. “Because I was overwhelmed and you’re beautiful and perfect.”“Stop it.” Jimin bit his bottom lip.“I won’t. I love you so much.” Yoongi kissed up Jimin’s chest again before kissing his forehead. After a few kisses to each cheek and his nose, Yoongi kissed him full on the mouth. Jimin tilted his head and moved his hands up into Yoongi’s hair.“I love you too, Daddy,” Jimin whispered once he pulled away.Yoongi smiled and laid next to Jimin again. He pulled the younger into his arms and placed repeated kisses to his forehead.“Go to sleep, baby. Daddy’s gonna stay with you all night.” Yoongi smiled.Jimin grinned and cuddled up to Yoongi, hiding his face in the elder’s neck. He held onto Yoongi for dear life, sighing happily.Yoongi rubbed Jimin’s back. “I love you, Jiminie. Just sleep now, love.”Jimin relaxed into Yoongi’s hold and let himself fall asleep.~“Jimin?!” Yoongi called as he walked the hallway the next morning.“Yes, hyung?” Jimin poked his head into the room to see his new husband.“Thank fuck.” Yoongi grabbed Jimin by the front of his shirt and pulled him into the hallway. Kissing Jimin hard, he swallowed the younger’s yelp and started to unbutton his shirt.Jimin pulled on Yoongi’s hair, tilting his head to let Yoongi delve deeper. The elder took his given opportunity. Jimin shrugged off his shirt and let it fall to the floor, then pulled on the hem of Yoongi’s shirt. They moved away only for a minute to get Yoongi’s shirt over his head.Yoongi pushed Jimin against the wall and put his hands on the back of Jimin’s thighs. Jimin got the hint and jumped, wrapping his legs around Yoongi’s waist. The elder held onto Jimin tightly as they continued to kiss. Walking them down the hallway, Yoongi opened the bedroom door and kicked it shut.



extra little jimin



Yoongi sighed as he got off the phone with Namjoon. He rubbed between his eyes. He was too tired for all these questions.There was the soft sound of socked feet walking towards the kitchen, so Yoongi turned towards the door as Jimin walked in. The younger looked sleepy, his hair mussed and eyes droopy. He had his elephant behind his back as he rocked on his heels.“Baby?” Yoongi asked softly.Jimin blushed and nodded, looking down with a small smile. Yoongi grinned.“Hey, sunshine. What’s up?”Jimin traced designs on the floor with his foot. “Heard Daddy on phone.”“Yeah, that was Uncle Joon asking about Hobi. What about it, sweetheart?” Yoongi asked. He walked closer to the younger and put his hands on Jimin’s waist.Jimin looked up into his eyes bashfully. The blush on his cheeks deepened. “Bottle?” he whispered, barely audible.Realization dawned on Yoongi and he brought a hand up to cup Jimin’s cheek. Jimin had probably heard him mentioned that Jimin sometimes used a baby bottle when he was deeper in his headspace. “Bottle?”Jimin’s eyes seemed to twinkle. He nodded his head gently. A bright smile spread across his face and he hummed a bit.Yoongi had been trying not to, but he let himself pull Jimin closer and covered his blushing cheeks in kisses. Jimin giggled in his hold. Yoongi brought up his other hand on Jimin’s waist and held the younger’s face, kissing his forehead and nose.“Daddy!” Jimin squealed. He hugged Yoongi happily and nuzzled into the elder’s chest.Yoongi laughed and held Jimin to him, petting through his hair. “Of course you can have your bottle, little one. Someone’s feelin’ really little, huh?”Jimin grinned and nodded against Yoongi’s chest. He hummed again.“Well, let’s get you that bottle then.”Jimin squealed softly. Yoongi took the younger’s hand and led him to the cabinet, grabbing the bottle from the very back of the shelf. Jimin bounced giddily as he waited for Yoongi to fill it up.Yoongi placed the bottle in the microwave and led Jimin out to the couch. The younger jumped onto the cushions and placed his elephant down as well. Syub chose then to jump up as well and snuggle against Jimin, no doubt making him both happier and regress further.Yoongi brought the bottle out to the living room and sat on the cushions, beckoning Jimin to him. Jimin shyly moved closer and rested his head against Yoongi’s shoulder.The elder tsked. “Come on, little one. On my lap.”Jimin smiled and climbed onto Yoongi’s lap, kicking his feet up on the couch. Yoongi brushed his fingers across Jimin’s cheekbone and kissed his nose. The younger leaned back into Yoongi’s shoulder while gazing up at him lovingly.Yoongi placed the bottle in his mouth and Jimin cooed, shutting his eyes sleepily. Yoongi beamed and placed his other arm around Jimin to keep him up.Jimin bit down on the bottle and spoke around it. “Daddy.”“Yes, sweetheart?” Yoongi smiled.Jimin giggled. “Hi.”Yoongi chuckled. “Hi, baby.” Yoongi heard the little jingle of a collar and looked down at the floor where Syub had come back. “I think someone’s here to see you, button.”Jimin gasped as the cat gingerly jumped into Jimin’s lap, snuggling up against both of them. The younger squealed and picked up the kitten, holding him tightly. “Syubbie!”“Alright, alright. Finish your bottle, flower, and we can go get you a bath. Deal?”Jimin nodded happily and kissed the kitty before taking the bottle back in his mouth. This time, he gripped the bottle as well, covering Yoongi’s fingers with his own. As he drank, he stared up at Yoongi with wide, loving eyes and smiled. Yoongi cooed down at him and chuckled when the cat returned to Jimin’s lap, curling up once more.When Jimin was done with the bottle, Yoongi kissed his forehead. “Thirsty, huh?”Jimin giggled and nodded. Yoongi shooed the cat off Jimin’s lap and picked his baby up, ready to carry him to the bathroom.“Daddy,” Jimin whined as he was carried. “Sleep.”Yoongi chuckled, turning on the light to the bathroom. “Sweetheart, you gotta take a bath. You don’t wanna be all stinky, right?”Jimin whined a bit more but nodded, letting the elder place him on the toilet. Yoongi turned on the water and helped Jimin undress.“And just because you’re being so good and listening, Daddy’s gonna use one of the bath bombs.”Jimin gasped happily. He squealed and went towards the bath. Yoongi helped Jimin crawl into the warm water. Once Jimin was settled, Yoongi went to their cabinet and stepped away, letting Jimin see.“Colour, my love?”Jimin giggled. He pointed to one and Yoongi furrowed his brow.“Words, sweetheart. Pointing’s not telling me anything”Jimin smiled. “P-Pur’le an’ b’ue.”Yoongi chuckled and grabbed the one Jimin wanted before going back to the tub. He handed the ball to Jimin and the little squealed, dropping it in the water almost immediately. It splashed a bit, getting water on Jimin’s chest.Yoongi put his forearms on the side of the tub and rested his head on his hands. He smiled at Jimin happily and watched his eyes widen at the colours spreading through the water.Jimin picked a bit at the softening bath bomb, grinning when he got a mushy part of it off. He turned towards Yoongi and smudged it on his Daddy’s nose.Yoongi jerked back in surprise, but a smile soon pulled at his lips. “Naughty.”Jimin just giggled and went back to playing with the water. Yoongi wiped off the grainy mush on his nose and picked up a box that was permanently next to their tub.Jimin squeaked a bit, reaching for the octopus before Yoongi had even picked up the box fully. Jimin grabbed it and held it to his chest, kissing the top of the toy gently.“Hey!” Yoongi scolded playfully. “You didn’t even give Daddy kisses, but you’ll kiss your octopus?! How is that right, huh?”Jimin laughed and leaned over, kissing Yoongi’s cheek. “Daddy.”Yoongi grinned and kissed him back before tousling his hair. Yoongi helped Jimin wash up, washing his hair as well, and let the little play in the bath for a while. Jimin babbled to himself as he played, splashing the water around.Yoongi helped Jimin out of the tub and dried him off. After dressing Jimin in his favourite onesie, Yoongi led him to the bed and laid him down, snuggling around him.Jimin kissed Yoongi’s cheek and nuzzled into his chest. “Daddy.”“Sleep, sweetheart. I’m not goin’ anywhere.”Jimin made a soft babbling sound and closed his eyes, sighing as he let himself fall asleep.



bad day?
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Jimin walked through the front door of his and Yoongi’s apartment and promptly slammed the door shut. He threw his bag to the floor and screamed into his palms. Rubbing at his face, his squeezed his eyes shut and pulled on his hair.When Jimin finally looked up, Yoongi was leaning on the wall, staring at him with his arms crossed. Jimin groaned and walked to him, collapsing into Yoongi’s awaiting arms. Yoongi smiled and rubbed Jimin’s back. The younger was wearing one of Yoongi’s sweaters and cuddled up to the elder happily, snuggling further into Yoongi’s scent.“Bad day?” Yoongi whispered, kissing the shell of Jimin’s ear gently.Jimin whimpered and clung to Yoongi tighter, nuzzling into the fabric of his shirt. He nodded slowly with his eyes still shut tight.Yoongi pet through his hair. “Do you wanna talk about it?”Jimin let out a deep breath. He spoke, his words muffled, “I wanna drown my sorrows in coffee.”The elder chuckled. “Let’s get that coffee then.”He took Jimin’s hands in his and led the younger to the kitchen, sitting him down at the table. Jimin sank into his seat with a pout. Yoongi moved around the kitchen, grabbing mugs and turning on the coffee maker.“Hyung?” Jimin mumbled.Yoongi paused and looked back at him. “Hm?”Jimin smiled bashfully. “French vanilla?”Yoongi chuckled and shook his head. “And here I thought you meant real coffee. Yes, Jiminie, I’ll make you your fake cappuccino coffee.”Jimin giggled softly and put his elbow on the table, resting his chin on his hand that was covered by his sleeve. He watched Yoongi fondly, smiled when the elder rolled up his sleeves to work the coffee machine.The elder sat back down at the table and slid Jimin his mug. “Now, please tell me about your awful day so I, your new husband, can make it a thousand times better.”Jimin smiled and pulled the coffee to him, looking down into it and reveling in the warmth that spread along his face. “None of my kids listened to me. And they yelled at me and called me ignorant and pushy.”Yoongi took a drink of his still boiling coffee and sighed. “So a really shitty day.”Jimin pouted and took a small sip of his own. “Yeah.”“Can I make it better?” Yoongi asked, leaning on his elbows on the table and staring at Jimin.The younger looked up at him expectantly. His hair fell into his eyes and his lips parted. Yoongi reached out to hold his cheek, smoothing his fingers across Jimin’s jawline with a smile.“My baby’s so pretty.”Jimin’s face lit up and he giggled, bringing a sweater paw to cover his mouth. Yoongi grinned and took another sip of his coffee. Jimin began swinging his feet unconsciously and blushing.“Lookit you! You’re so precious, baby.” Yoongi cupped Jimin’s face in his hands, staring into his eyes with a grin. “You know what’d make me really happy?”Jimin widened his eyes. “What?” he asked excitedly, his voice already getting higher.Yoongi tilted his head a bit. “If Daddy could see his baby.”Jimin giggled again, louder this time, and leaned into Yoongi’s touch. He mumbled a soft, “Daddy.” He closed his eyes happily. Yoongi leaned forward and kissed his forehead.“Hey, baby.”Jimin kicked his feet, cuddling his mug now for the warmth. “Hii~!”Yoongi downed his coffee. Jimin pouted at his mug and pushed it away with a scrunch of his nose.“You ask me to make you your fake coffee and then you won’t drink it?” Yoongi teased. He put a hand on his chest, trying to keep his act up despite Jimin’s giggles. “What do you want now, huh? Do I gotta get you somethin’ else?!”Jimin laughed and nodded enthusiastically. He clapped his hands. “Juice, juice, juice, juice, juice, juice, ju—”Yoongi put his hands up to stop the little, laughing. “Okay, okay. The prince can have juice.”Jimin clapped his hands happily. Yoongi stood up and began pouring Jimin’s favourite juice into a sippy cup. When Yoongi put it in front of Jimin, the younger grabbed it with both hands and starting drinking from it immediately.Jimin made a satisfied sound and smiled around the cup. “Yummy.”Yoongi laughed. “I bet.” He took Jimin’s coffee off the table and put it in the sink, then sat back down with Jimin.“Daddy,” Jimin mumbled with the cup still in his mouth.“Yes, my love?” Yoongi gazed at him.“Still sad.” Jimin sniffled.“Oh, baby,” Yoongi said. He stood and picked Jimin up from his chair, resting the little on his hip. “Come on, we can go watch a movie and cuddle.” He reached down to get Jimin’s sippy cup and handed it to the younger, who took it with a happy hum.“Okay, Daddy,” Jimin responded, a grin spreading on his face.Yoongi carried the younger to the bedroom and put him on the bed. “Wanna get out of these clothes first?” Jimin nodded thankfully.Jimin continued to sip from his cup while Yoongi undressed him, then put him in one of Yoongi’s own shirts and a pair of comfy pyjama pants. He put the fuzziest socks they owned on his feet as well. Jimin pulled the sleeves of Yoongi’s shirt over his hands and snuggled into one of his palms.“Smells like Daddy,” he giggled.Yoongi smiled and picked Jimin up again, grabbing his favourite teddy bear as well. Jimin rested his head on Yoongi’s shoulder and closed his eyes.Once they were in the living room, Yoongi let Jimin land on the couch and he cuddled up next to him. Jimin pulled his knees to his chest and kept the cup near his mouth, chewing on it lightly. Yoongi noticed and reached over to the coffee table, picking up one of Jimin’s pacifiers. Jimin squealed when he saw it and moved the cup from his mouth, leaving his mouth wide open for Yoongi to place the pacifier between his lips.Yoongi laughed and did just that, beaming when Jimin hummed happily and cuddled up to Yoongi.  “What would you like to watch, baby?”Jimin giggled and made grabby hands towards the remote. The elder gave the remote to the little, letting him pick what they were gonna watch. Jimin giggled occasionally throughout the movie, but Yoongi kept an eye on him rather than watching it. The younger looked happy again, smiling continuously and unconsciously snuggling closer and closer to Yoongi. The elder just pet through his hair and lulled him to sleep so he would get the rest he’d been missing. Jimin fell asleep in his arms, sucking every so often on the pacifier and curled his sweater paws up by his face on Yoongi’s lap.



Chapter End Notes
this was originally a nonlinear chapter with it being one of the first times yoongi ever had to care for little jimin but it was so cute esp the "juice, juice juice" i had to put it here lksnfls


Hawaii



“Hyung! Get your skinny, pale ass out here!” Jimin yelled, stomping his foot. “We’re gonna be late!”Yoongi groaned from the bedroom. “I would have been ready by now if you had told me earlier!” He continued angrily shoving clothes into his suitcase. “Who the hell is gonna feed your fucking cat?!”Jimin rolled his eyes. “Hobi hyung! Or Taehyung! Just come on!”Yoongi rolled his suitcase down the hallway, messy hair obscuring his vision. Jimin had his arms crossed and tapped his foot while waiting by the door. When Yoongi got close to him, he let go of his suitcase and stalked up to the younger.Yoongi grabbed his face and kissed him, hard. Jimin stumbled and let Yoongi pin him to the wall. The elder kept one hand on his face and moved the other to Jimin’s belt loop, pulling him closer.“Hyung!” Jimin mumbled into Yoongi’s mouth. Yoongi pulled away, panting. “What the hell?!”Yoongi pouted. “Better to kiss you than yell at you.”Jimin rolled his eyes and playfully shoved Yoongi away. “Kiss me on the plane! We need to go!”Yoongi grinned as Jimin walked towards his own suitcase. Jimin bent down to unzip a pocket and Yoongi raised his eyebrows, enjoying the view.“Hyung, if you don’t stop staring at my ass, I’m seriously gonna let Syub attack your dick.”Yoongi averted his eyes instantly, gulping. “Alright, fine. Hurry up, we’re gonna be late.” Yoongi grabbed his suitcase and opened the door, already walking out into the hallway.Jimin groaned angrily and followed him, waving goodbye to the cat watching them from the hallway with his head tilted to the side.~Jimin’s head lolled on his shoulders, eyes closed. Yoongi stared at him with a scrunched nose. Jimin’s head fell to rest on Yoongi’s shoulder and he sighed softly in his sleep, unconsciously nuzzling the elder.Yoongi smiled softly, reaching out to brush his hand across Jimin’s cheek. Jimin got closer, squeezing his eyes shut in discomfort and he squirmed.“Daddy,” Jimin whispered. He continued fidgeting.Yoongi’s eyes widened. “Hey, baby. Um…” He looked around, making sure no one had heard Jimin. Everyone was asleep by now after being on the plane for a few hours. “Do you need something, love?”Jimin opened and closed his mouth a few times, making noises as he started falling asleep again. “Sleepy.”“I…” Yoongi looked up at the cabinet above them. He had brought some extra little supplies, but he wasn’t able to get to them at the moment. Jimin and him were in the two inner seats; Yoongi had the window seat and a women was in the aisle seat of their row. Plus, he didn’t want Jimin to deal with the odd looks they would get. “Honey, I…”Jimin snuggled closer, making noises of discomfort. “Daddy, where are we?”Yoongi shushed him. “Shh. Shh, baby. You need to keep your voice down.”Jimin opened one eye, looking around him. “I wanna go home.”Yoongi brushed his fingers through Jimin’s hair. “Just sleep now, baby. Okay?”Jimin nodded and closed his eyes again. “Paci?”Yoongi tilted his head back against the seat and sighed. “I’m sorry, baby. I… don’t have one on me right now.”Jimin sniffled. “Daddy,” he whined.Yoongi shushed him again. “I’m so sorry, baby. Don’t cry, okay? Don’t cry. It’ll be okay.”Jimin hid his face in Yoongi’s chest. “Daddy,” Jimin whined in a soft whisper.Yoongi pet through his hair and kissed his head. He glanced around and offered up his hand, parting Jimin’s lips with his thumb. Jimin opened his mouth a bit and Yoongi put his thumb in the younger’s mouth, smiling when Jimin made a soft sound.“Just sleep, okay? I’m here, sweetheart.”Jimin nodded and finally rested, sucking on Yoongi’s thumb and falling asleep happily.~“Where the hell even are we, Jimin?” Yoongi groaned. “It’s bright as hell.”Jimin jumped excitedly, turning around and smiling at the sky. “We’re in Hawaii!”Yoongi froze. “You’re kidding me.”“Nope!” Jimin giggled. “It smells like seawater. Hyung, isn’t this amazing?!”Yoongi blinked quickly, shielding his eyes from the sun. “How in the fuck did we afford this?!”Jimin waved him off. “One of my rich aunts gave us a honeymoon thingy at our wedding. Don’t worry about it, hyung. We’re in Hawaii! It’s warm! It’s beachy!”“It’s hot and bright and giving me a headache. I hate the beach.”Jimin smiled and grabbed Yoongi’s arm, leading him away from the airport. “This is gonna be so much fun, hyung.”“Jimin,” Yoongi muttered. He leaned closer to the younger’s ear. “What language do they even speak here?”Jimin giggled. “Like, English. I think. We’ll figure it out, Yoongs. We’ll have so much fun.”Yoongi sighed and let Jimin bring him to a taxi to go to their hotel.~Jimin squealed and jumped on the bed, snuggling up to the softness of the blankets. Yoongi dropped their bags by the door and sighed.“Hyung~!” Jimin whined. “Come feel it!”Yoongi smiled a bit and fell onto the bed, straight on top of Jimin. The younger groaned at the extra weight. Yoongi pressed kisses to his cheek and laughed.“We’re in fucking Hawaii,” Yoongi muttered.Jimin giggled. “Yeah.”Yoongi rolled off of Jimin and went to the window, opening the blinds. He gasped softly at the view, the turquoise water and beautiful beach able to be seen completely from their room.“It’s…gorgeous?”Jimin grinned. “Let’s go to the beach, hyung! Please?! It’s probably so much better than in Korea!”Yoongi sucked his teeth a bit. “I guess so.”Jimin squealed, jumping up and grabbing their suitcases.Yoongi stopped him. “But only for an hour or two. We just had a nearly nine hour plane ride.”Jimin smiled. “Fine.”~“Daddy!” Jimin yelled, jumping on the elder who was still asleep in bed. “We gotta go!”Yoongi groaned and pulled Jimin to him. “Shh, sleeping.”Jimin shook his head. “No, no, no! We gotta go!”“Where, baby?” he mumbled.Jimin grinned. “I signed us up for — uh… I think he said it was that snorkly thingy.”Yoongi blinked himself awake. “Huh?”“Snorkly.”“Snorkling?”Jimin giggled. “That.”“There’s no way I’m going snorkling.”Jimin pouted. “Yes, you are. Up.” Jimin playfully smacked Yoongi’s arm. “Up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up—”Yoongi rolled out of bed and followed. “Fine, fine, fine.”“Let’s go, let’s go, let’s go!” Jimin giggled.~Jimin was laying on the beach in Yoongi’s arms, watching families play in the ocean. More and more kids were running by them with their parents running by after.“Hyung,” Jimin muttered, leaning his head back on Yoongi’s shoulder as he watched all the families.“Yeah?” Yoongi asked, kissing his head.“Taesun.”“Hm?” Yoongi furrowed his brow. “Taesun? Who?”Jimin smiled to himself. “Or Jinmae. Jinmae’s pretty, don’t you think?”Yoongi blinked, utterly confused. “I guess so. Who are Taesun and Jinmae, Jiminie?”Jimin shrugged. “I like the names.”“O-kay…” Yoongi nodded slowly.Jimin snuggled closer to Yoongi, closing his eyes. “You aren’t getting a sunburn, are you?”Yoongi chuckled. “I put on enough sunscreen to last me a lifetime.”“Good. ‘Cause I wanna stay here and people watch for a while.”Yoongi kissed the shell of his ear and smiled, nuzzling his nose into Jimin’s hair. “We can stay for as long as you’d like.”Jimin smiled at all the kids running by. Letting out a deep breath, he relaxed into Yoongi’s hold and fell asleep until Yoongi had to wake him up because, “I don’t wanna be an ‘angry lobster’ again, Jimin. It already hurts.”



sprain



“Hyung,” Jimin whined. He bounced on his feet a bit. “Please!”Yoongi rolled his eyes and straightened his jacket. “Jimin, why do we have to?”“I wanna!” Jimin pouted. “I don’t understand why you’re so against it!”Yoongi smiled a bit. “Just come on, Jimin.”Jimin stuck his hand out towards Yoongi and frowned. Yoongi’s gaze moved from Jimin’s face to his hand and then back. Sighing, he linked his fingers through Jimin’s and smiled, squeezing Jimin’s hand.Jimin’s entire face lit up. He cuddled to Yoongi’s side and held onto his arm happily, nuzzling his face against the elder’s shoulder.“Walks are amazing, hyung.”Yoongi chuckled and kissed the side of Jimin’s head. “Yeah, yeah.”The sky was darkening as they continued walking. Both of them were bundled up in Yoongi’s jackets and Yoongi was walking on the side of the road. He always refused to let Jimin walk near the street, said he wouldn’t know what to do with himself if Jimin got hit by a car.The ground was a bit slippery every now and then since it had rained earlier that day. It was still manageable, so Jimin had insisted they walk.Yoongi was looking at Jimin when his foot slipped off the sidewalk and into a bit of the street. He cursed his ankle twisted with an audible crack. Jimin gasped and kept Yoongi upright, tightening his hold on the elder.Yoongi bounced up and down on his good leg and cursed. “Fuck, fuck, fuck.”“Hyung, are you alright?” Jimin put Yoongi’s arm around his shoulder and looked down at his foot.“Ah. Yeah, I — Yeah. Let’s go.”Yoongi tried to keep walking, but when he put weight on his foot, he nearly fell to the ground again. Jimin sighed and moved in front of Yoongi, squatting down.“Jimin—”“Get on my back, hyung.”Yoongi wanted to protest, but he knew he couldn’t walk. He put his arms around Jimin’s neck and jumped at the same time Jimin grabbed his legs and hoisted him into the air. Yoongi rested his head on Jimin’s shoulder and closed his eyes.Jimin giggled. “Walks are the best.”“Shut up, Jimin.” Yoongi smiled. “Just bring me home.” Jimin laughed and swayed them as he carried him.~Yoongi was laying on the couch with his foot propped up on a pillow. Jimin brought him an ice pack from the freezer and sat down on the floor in front the couch.“Hyung, I’m gonna take your shoe off, okay?”Yoongi nodded and threw an arm over his face. Jimin untied his Converse and slowly loosened the laces so it would be easier to take off. Once the shoe was off his foot, Yoongi let out a heavy sigh and wiggled his toes in his socks.“It’s not broken,” the elder breathed. “I’m good.”Jimin took off his sock as well. “No, but it’s definitely sprained.” Jimin eyed the swollen ankle and his brow furrowed. He poked at the puffy skin cautiously, jumping when Yoongi sucked in a sharp breath. “Looks weird, Daddy.”Yoongi smiled through the pain. “Yeah?”“Yeah.” Jimin blinked as he got closer. “Puff.” He poked it again. “Very puff.”Yoongi winced and chuckled. “Baby, can you put the ice pack on it?”Jimin shrugged and placed the ice pack on Yoongi’s ankle. Yoongi let out a sigh and closed his eyes.“It’s kinda freaky, Daddy. All puffy like that.” Jimin placed his head on the couch and stared at Yoongi’s leg.Yoongi put a hand through Jimin’s hair. “It would have been worse if you hadn’t kept me up straight.”Jimin giggled. “I saved Daddy.”“Yes you did.” Yoongi opened his arms. “Will you cuddle me?”“Yeah!” Jimin jumped up and on top of Yoongi, who groaned a bit. He snuggled into Yoongi’s chest and grinned happily, humming a bit. “Warm.”Yoongi pet his hair a bit. “Nap time.”“But I’m not tired, Daddy,” Jimin protested. His words were slurring together as his eyes closed.Yoongi shrugged and kept petting Jimin’s hair, rubbing his back as well. Jimin fell asleep not even a few minutes later, one of his hands holding Yoongi’s. Yoongi kissed his head and rested, scrolling through his phone and taking pictures of Jimin while he was asleep.



he's gone?



“You alright if I leave?” Yoongi asked, kissing Jimin’s head.Jimin nodded up at him. “Yes, hyung. You can go to the store.”Yoongi smiled, staring fondly at Jimin. “I love you.”Jimin giggled, hiding his beautiful smile behind a sweater paw. “Love you too.”Yoongi kissed him before he left, waving from the door. Jimin laid down on the couch and scrolled on his computer, going through his Tumblr feed.He never did this while Yoongi was home. Jimin liked the quiet as he scrolled through every little blog ever, smiling to himself at how warm it made him feel.He didn’t even realize how he had slipped in until he laughed at a post, and his laugh came out high pitched. Upon hearing it, Jimin giggled more and put his head on the couch with a grin.Somewhere in his mind, Jimin knew he should call Yoongi. When he picked up his phone, he fumbled with it. He couldn’t figure out how to operate anything, so he shrugged and put his phone back down.Jimin couldn’t bring himself to read anymore. He shut his laptop and got up. Jimin gasped when he found his elephant nowhere around him, so he quickly ran to the bedroom.Jimin jumped on the bed and giggled to himself, clutching Hope. He burrowed his face into the baby blue fur and grinned at how much it smelled like both Yoongi and him. Jimin ran to the dresser and grabbed his favourite choker, the baby blue with white lace, and secured it around his neck.Jimin’s stomach growled and he pouted. “Daddy~!” he called. When no one answered, he pouted more. “Daddy!”Jimin got up and held Hope to his chest as he walked down the hallway. “Daddy,” he called out a few times.After searching the whole house, Jimin stomped his foot. Yoongi wasn’t here. His Daddy left him. Jimin pouted and fell to the floor, sitting criss cross on the cold wood. He turned Hope around in his arms so he could see the elephant’s face and Jimin quirked his mouth to the side.“Daddy not here, Hopie.” Jimin let out a deep breath. “Where Daddy?”Hope offered him no answer.Jimin pouted more and looked around the room. “Why Daddy leave?”With a small sniffle, Jimin pulled himself up from the floor and went into the kitchen. He struggled to pull open the fridge and once he looked inside, he whined. All the food in there was packed away and nothing looked… colourful.Tears started to well up in Jimin’s eyes. Jimin slammed the refrigerator door shut and he looked around the kitchen. All counters and the table were void of food or drink. Yoongi had left him without anything like he usually would.The little made his way back over to the couch, thinking a show would distract him long enough for Yoongi to come back, if he ever did. He fumbled with the remote and couldn’t figure any of the buttons out. He slammed the remote back down onto the table and curled up on himself.The longer Jimin was alone like this, the younger he seemed to feel. He was alone, save for Syub. The kitten was hiding somewhere in the apartment that had seemed to get bigger without Yoongi there with Jimin.Jimin looked outside the living room window just as a certain car pulled into the parking lot. He gasped and ran to the door, but only stared at the lock. It looked like an impossible mess of chains and twists, so Jimin shied away from it and sat down on the floor. He stared up at the locks with his head tilted, his teeth biting into his lower lip.There was the sound of keys being turned in the lock and Yoongi opened the door, taking one step inside before freezing. Jimin was sitting on the floor, staring up at him with wide eyes and messy hair. Yoongi blinked and tilted his head. Jimin followed the motion before grinning up at him.“Jiminie?” Yoongi asked. He closed the door behind him and took off his jacket, placing it on the hook by the door. He placed the bags down as well and squatted so he was eye level with the younger. “What are you doin’ on the floor, pumpkin?”Jimin laughed a little. “Umm…”“C’mon.” Yoongi reached out his hands and helped the little up. Jimin clung to him tightly, nuzzling his face straight against Yoongi’s cheek. “What were you doing?”Jimin shrugged. “Thought Daddy left me.”Yoongi bent down slightly and picked Jimin up, carrying the younger on his hip. “And why would Daddy leave you, hm?”Jimin pouted. “Because Diminie was home aaaall alone and Daddy wasn’t here.”Yoongi carried the little to the kitchen and placed him on the counter. “Daddy went to the store to get you food, baby.”Jimin swung his feet a bit. “Oh.”Yoongi smiled and went to grab the bags he had left by the door. He started putting away the groceries as he kept an eye on Jimin.“I knew my prince had run out of some of his favourites, so I ran out to get them. I’d never leave you.” Yoongi walked over to Jimin and kissed his forehead.Jimin smiled and leaned his head against Yoongi’s shoulder. “Hungry, Daddy.”“Alright, love.” Yoongi kissed his temple. “I’ll cook you something.”Jimin giggled and leaned back, resting his head against the cabinets. Suddenly, he gasped and looked at Yoongi. “Daddy! Daddy’ll never guess what!”Yoongi chuckled. “What is it, baby?”Jimin squealed. “Couldn’t find — um — Hopie so — so I went to the bedroom and — and I found him and Hopie smells jus’ like Daddy.”“Yeah?” Yoongi smiled, beginning to place a pan on the stove.“Yeah! Daddy sleeps with Hopie?”“Well, of course. You sleep with him, right? I cuddle you. Why wouldn’t he smell like me?” Yoongi chuckled and got out the rest of the ingredients he needed.Jimin giggled. “Oh yeah.” As he watched Yoongi cook, he pouted again. “Really thought Daddy left. And — And I couldn’t — the phone work weird.”Yoongi smiled and moved over to him, kissing his nose. “It’s fine. I’m home now, aren’t I?”Jimin nodded. “Mhm.”“Are you hurt?”Jimin shook his head. “Mnm.”“Then where’s the problem?” Yoongi grinned and rubbed circles on Jimin’s hips.Jimin giggled and shrugged. “I ‘unno.”Yoongi kissed him softly. “Love you, alright?”“Love you too!” Jimin eskimo kissed Yoongi. “We get ice cream t’night?”Yoongi nodded. “Sure thing, sweetie. I’d love to.”Jimin squealed and latched around Yoongi’s neck. Yoongi kissed his head and tousled his hair, then moved back to the stove. Jimin kept swinging his feet and he hummed to himself, watching as Yoongi finished dinner.



domestic



“You are being such a fucking asshole!” Jimin screamed, stomping his foot.Yoongi groaned into his palms. “I’m not the one being a little shit and yelling for no goddamn reason!”Jimin was fuming. He was ready to wring Yoongi’s neck. “What the fuck is wrong with you?!” he practically growled.Yoongi threw his hands up. “Fucking nothing! You’re overreacting, Jimin!”“I am not overreacting!” he yelled, pulling on his hair. He stomped angrily down the hallway and slammed their bedroom door.Yoongi angrily slammed his book down. Not even a minute later, Jimin opened their door and stalked back out into the living room with crossed arms.“So maybe I’m overreacting!” His cheeks were red and flushed and his chest was rising and falling quickly.Yoongi stared at him before bursting into laughter. Jimin giggled as well and walked over to Yoongi, perching on one of his thighs. The elder was wiping tears from his eyes.Jimin only giggled and kissed Yoongi’s cheek. “You can’t go to work tonight, hyung. You’re overworking yourself.”“Jiminie, I have to,” Yoongi whined. “If I don’t, I could fall behind on—”Jimin pouted, tilting his head down and sticking out his bottom lip. “Daddy.”Yoongi practically melted. He let out a muffled whine and hugged Jimin tightly. “You’re killing me.”Jimin giggled, clinging to Yoongi as well. “‘S my job.”~Jimin was cooking dinner, all dressed up in an apron and everything. He was humming to himself by the stove. Yoongi walked in after a particularly nice nap and slipped his hands around Jimin’s waist, nosing behind his ear.“Morning, sunshine.”Yoongi grunted in response and kissed Jimin’s ear. He drew patterns on Jimin’s stomach with his fingers and kissed down to Jimin’s neck.Jimin shivered and tried to shove him off. “Quit it, hyung. I’m cooking,” he smiled.Yoongi only continued. He pulled Jimin flush against himself and nibbled lightly on the younger’s skin, sighing heavily.“You’re gonna make me burn it.” Jimin laughed lightly and subtly turned his head, letting Yoongi have more room.Yoongi shrugged. “This feels so domestic,” he muttered into Jimin’s honey skin.Jimin smiled. “We’re married.”“I know.” Yoongi kissed Jimin’s temple before resting his chin on the younger’s shoulder. “I like it.”“I like it too.” Jimin turned his head to kiss Yoongi’s hair. “You’re pretty.”Yoongi laughed breathily through his nose. “Right.”“You are!” Jimin giggled. “Pretty, pretty hyung.”Yoongi tried to suppress his smile. He wished it was possible to stop yourself from blushing so hard.Jimin didn’t even have to look at him. “You’re pretty when you blush.”“Shut up,” Yoongi mumbled. He playfully hit his head gently against Jimin’s.“You look like a strawberry when you blush. Strawberry hyung. No! Snow strawberry hyung. No… Sugar strawberry hyung.”“Sugar?” Yoongi grimaced a bit.Jimin shrugged. “You’re pale as hell.”“You don’t have to remind me.” Yoongi ran his hand down Jimin’s arm slowly, watching the difference between his skin and Jimin’s.“Pretty sugar. My sugar hyung.”“You’re such a shit.”“I know,” Jimin laughed.Yoongi kissed his forehead again before wrapping his arms around him tighter. He snuggled his head into Jimin’s neck and sighed, kissing his shoulder as well.



jungkook's baby cousin



Yoongi knocked on Jungkook and Taehyung’s door. Jimin was holding his hand and rubbing his knuckles. Jungkook opened the door and basically pulled them both inside.“Okay, hyung, Taetae is really upset because my aunt brought over my baby cousin and now I don’t have time to spend with him and he’s gonna be all sad and I don’t want him to be sad and—”Jimin held up his hand. “Kookie, hold on.”Jungkook let out a heavy breath. “Right. Okay. Please help me.”Jimin blinked. “You said… you have a baby?”Jungkook nodded. “In the living room with Taetae.”Jimin let go of Yoongi’s hand and ran to the living room. Yoongi shook his head in disbelief and looked at Jungkook.“Wait,” Yoongi said. He pointed at Jungkook. “You left your little with a baby.”Jungkook’s eyes widened. “Shit!”The youngest ran to the living room and Yoongi just shook his head again, slowly moving towards the living room as well.Jimin was on the couch, petting Taehyung’s head and rocking the baby in his arms. “Jungkookie, what’s his name?”“J-Jooheonie!” Taehyung chimed in.Jimin squealed and kissed the baby’s cheeks. The baby giggled and grabbed at Jimin’s hair. “You’re being so good, Taetae! Would you like Minnie to watch the baby while you play with Jungkookie for a bit? Minnie can play with you later too.”Taehyung nodded his head enthusiastically. “Yeah! T-Thank you, Minnie.” He stood up and pressed a soft kiss to Jimin’s cheek, who blushed.Taehyung ran over to Jungkook, who caught him. Jungkook nodded his head at Jimin and brought Taehyung to their bedroom to grab things to play with.Jimin smiled down at the baby again. Jooheon was twirling Jimin’s hair in his fingers and making little gurgling sounds.“He reminds me of you.” Yoongi sat down on the couch.Jimin glanced at the elder. “How?”“He’s making those little gurgly sounds. You do too.” Yoongi leaned back against the couch and smiled.Jimin laughed lightly and put his face close to the baby’s. Jooheon poked at Jimin’s lip and grabbed onto it, giggling.Yoongi looked at Jimin again and saw his shoulder’s shaking. “Jiminie?”Jimin looked at Yoongi with tears running down his face. He sniffled and looked back down at Jooheon, overcome with a sob shortly after.“Oh my god, Jimin, are you okay?” Yoongi reached for the baby and took the small child out of Jimin’s arms. “Jiminie?”Jimin sobbed into his hands before calming down and wiping his face. “I’m okay,” he sniffled. “Babies, um… make me cry?”Yoongi smiled softly and looked down at Jooheon, who was now gazing up at him. “Hi, Jooheonie. I’m Yoongi hyung.”Jooheon reached up and poked Yoongi’s cheek. Yoongi giggled with a huge gummy smile and Jimin felt the tears coming again. He pulled a pillow closer and sobbed into it.“Jiminie!” Yoongi said, putting a hand on Jimin’s back. “Why are you crying?!”Jimin shook his head, continuing to cry. “B-Babies are cute a-and you’re cute w-with babies.”Yoongi furrowed his brow and smiled a bit. He pressed a kiss to Jimin’s forehead and looked down at the confused baby in his arms. “Do you wanna hold him again, then?”Jimin nodded furiously and sat up, pulling Jooheon into his arms. “Hi again, Jooheonie,” he whispered, smiling through the tears.Yoongi was baffled as he stared at his husband and Jungkook’s baby cousin. Jimin had seen plenty of babies when he was with Yoongi, and it had never even come close to affecting the younger this much.Jimin continued playing with the baby, letting Jooheon wrap his small fist around Jimin’s index finger. He giggled and kissed Jooheon’s head. The baby cooed and started babbling quickly, making Jimin laugh.“Minnie!”Jimin turned his head to look at Taehyung. “Hey, sunshine.”“C-Can Minnie play with T-Taetae now?” Taehyung asked, tilting his head to the side and sticking out his bottom lip.Jimin grinned and handed the baby to Jungkook. He took Taehyung’s hands in his and nodded. “Of course I can!”The little squealed and pulled Jimin over to the colouring books and stuffed animals on the floor. Yoongi kept watch on them while Jungkook took care of the baby. Jimin didn’t cry again and played with Taehyung like normal, but he would gaze longingly towards Jooheon in the kitchen every so often.



idk how to title this but its cute



“Please tell me I’m not the only one,” Namjoon groaned. “The pouty lip and the little wiggle melts everyone else right?”Jungkook straightened his back and pointed. “With the fucking puppy eyes! It gets me every single fucking time! I know what Tae’s doing, but I always cave!”Yoongi chuckled lightly. He took another sip of his soda and reclined in his chair. “Gets me too.”Seokjin gave Yoongi a look. “You cave whenever Jimin does anything.”Yoongi tried to suppress his grin and looked down. Jungkook laughed.“Okay, but what about that cute little whine? With the cute little blinking?”Yoongi was openly beaming. “Jimin’s so cute when he does that…”Seokjin leaned against Namjoon’s arm. “Hoseok does the sweetest thing. He sits on the floor and puts his feet together and just kind of holds his feet as he watches something.”Jungkook gasped. “Aww, that’s adorable! Tae holds his pacifier and chews on it with the side of his mouth. And he won’t even realize it. He looks around while chewing on it.”Namjoon smiled. “What does Jiminie do, Yoongi hyung?”Yoongi fiddled with the bottle cap on his soda, smiling to himself. “When he gets sleepy, he babbles and I don’t think he even knows he’s doing it. He gets all cuddly and babbles. Not even real words, just these little sounds. And his eyelids start getting all droopy and his blinking gets slower and he’ll fall asleep right where he is. It’s the cutest thing I’ve ever seen.”It was silent for a moment before Jungkook giggled. “Guys, hyung has a heart.”Namjoon snorted and Seokjin smacked his arm. Yoongi just shrugged and stared at his can, still smiling like an idiot.~From the living room, Hoseok, Taehyung, and Jimin can hear their caregivers in the kitchen. It was mostly just Seokjin scolding Namjoon and Jungkook laughing.“No, seriously, if you want them to do anything at all, just pout and whine. They cave every single time,” Hoseok giggled. “I use it all the time.”Jimin splayed himself across Taehyung’s lap. “Whine and blink innocently. That’s a good combination.”Taehyung gasped. “That’s such a good idea. Jungkook will definitely fall for that.”Jimin giggled and starting playing with his fingers. “I love having little friends.”Taehyung and Hoseok smiled down at him. Taehyung brushed his fingers through Jimin’s hair. “I love it too.”Hoseok reclined against the couch. “It’s amazing. Little space. Why didn’t I try it before?”Jimin giggled behind his hand. “Does it feel all tingly to you guys too?”Taehyung nodded enthusiastically. “All tingly and warm.”“It’s so cool. I love it.” Hoseok smiled.“Y’know what I love?” Taehyung asked. “Fuckin’ jumping on Jungkookie.”Jimin burst out laughing. “I’m sure he loves that too.”Yoongi’s soft giggle came from the doorway. Jimin gasped and looked in the direction of the kitchen, sitting up. His eyes were wide and his knuckles were white as he gripped at the hem of his shirt. “Daddy giggled.”Taehyung blinked and looked up at Hoseok, who was chuckling. Taehyung tilted his head and Hoseok shrugged. “Caregivers are triggers too.”Jimin took in a deep breath. “Daddy!” he yelled.Yoongi sprinted in less than a second later, tripping when he made it through the door. “Jimin. Jimin, what’s wrong?”Jimin smiled up at him sweetly from the floor. “Hi.”Yoongi put a hand on his chest, panting. “Baby. Hi. How are you?”Jimin reached his arms up, opening and closing his hands in Yoongi’s direction. Yoongi walked over and pulled the little into his arms. He rested Jimin on his hip and tickled under his chin, causing the younger to squeal.“Daddy,” Jimin whispered. He moved closer to whisper into Yoongi’s ear, blocking his mouth from sight with a hand. “I love you.”Yoongi giggled. “I love you too.”Hoseok and Taehyung were looking up at them when the other three came in. Seokjin blinked and looked at Yoongi and Jimin cuddling and whispering to each other.“Everything okay?” Seokjin asked.Hoseok’s eyes seemed to twinkle and he looked at his caregivers. “Daddy. Appa.”Seokjin squeaked and ran over to him. He picked Hoseok up and brought him over to Namjoon, who covered the little’s face in kisses.Taehyung huffed. “Jungkookie Bear!”Jungkook came strolling into the living room, drinking from his soda can. “Yeah?”Taehyung put his hands on his hips. “Come c-cuddle me. Now, J-Jungkookie.”Jungkook smiled. He followed his orders and went to Taehyung, sitting on the floor and pulling the elder into his lap, facing him. Taehyung threw his arms around Jungkook’s neck and nuzzled his face into his shoulder.“Daddy?” Jimin asked. Yoongi hummed. “Can — can I have sweets, Daddy?”Yoongi tried his hardest not to cave. “No, baby, you’ve had enough.”“But, Daddy,” Jimin whined softly. He stuck out his bottom lip and blinked innocently, wiggling a bit in Yoongi’s arms.“Yes, yes,” Yoongi panted. “Of course, yes. Come on, baby. My prince. Let’s go get you sweets.” Yoongi pressed kisses to Jimin’s cheek and carried him into the kitchen.“Uncle Yoongi loses just like Daddy and Appa,” Hoseok giggled.“We do not!” Seokjin protested.“Daddy. Appa,” Hoseok sing-songed. “I wub you.”Namjoon practically flailed. Seokjin’s eyes widened and he cooed. They both began kissing the little and ruffling his hair.Taehyung laughed. “H-Hey, Jungko—”“I’m not falling for that.” Jungkook took another sip of his soda. “I’m immune to your shit, Kim Taehyung. I love it, but I’m immune.”Taehyung pouted. “T-Then I’m getting it m-myself!”Taehyung tried to get up from Jungkook’s lap, but the youngest held him there. The pouty little glared at him.“Taetae, don't you wanna sit with Kookie Bear?” Jungkook asked, sticking out his bottom lip.Taehyung groaned and cupped Jungkook’s face, giving his pleading mouth a kiss. “I'm s-supposed to be the l-little!”Jungkook grinned and set his soda down. He grabbed Taehyung and kissed his face all over until all other noises were drowned out by his happy squealing.



panic attack



Jimin woke up during the middle of the night quite suddenly, blinking to clear his head. Something had jerked him awake and he wasn’t quite sure what it was. Looking around, he saw one of his hands intertwined with Yoongi’s under the blanket and his husband asleep next to him. Syub was sleeping sprawled out on the end of their bed as usual, the moonlight slipping through the window making his white fur shine.Jimin shook his head and rubbed at his face, grogginess taking over his sleepy state. He checked the clock — 3 am — and looked back down at his blanket. His throat was exceptionally dry, so he slipped out from under the covers, careful to not disturb his husband, and put on a pair of Yoongi’s slippers.The hallway was dark, as was expected, as Jimin shuffled towards the kitchen. Syub was following behind him now, staying close to Jimin’s heels. Jimin reached the kitchen and turned on the light to find a glass.Jimin jumped up on the counter with his glass and let Syub brush against his feet affectionately. The water wasn’t helping the dryness in his throat and he was aware of his breathing in the back of his mind.The sound of his breathing took over his ears and he wasn’t able to hear Syub’s kitty bell any longer. He started sweating in just Yoongi’s shirt and his boxers, so he brushed a hand through his hair and put the glass against his forehead.His limbs were beginning to tingle. He could feel everything, but only to a certain extent. His breathing picked up, his mind flooding with strange thoughts.“Yoongi hyung,” he croaked, barely a whisper. It was getting harder to breathe regardless of how quick it was.A rush of adrenaline spread through him, and the immediate nausea in his stomach made him double over. His vision was blurring in and out at this point. Jimin tried to get down from the counter, but he lost his balance and was left gripping the counter.Syub was watching him from the floor, his tail swishing along the tile. He meowed softly, surprised when Jimin didn’t give him attention. The cat meowed again, louder this time.Jimin was panting. He couldn’t see, couldn’t breathe, couldn’t call out for Yoongi. Subconscious thoughts slipped into his fuzzy mind — thoughts of worthlessness, weight gain, embarrassment. How could Yoongi love him like this? Why did he deserve any of it? He didn’t. Yoongi should just get rid of him. There was no reason as to why—“Jimin.” Yoongi grabbed the younger’s arms to keep him upright. “Jimin, what’s wrong?”Jimin couldn’t stop shaking. His clothes were sticking to his skin, his hair messy, his eyes squeezed as tightly as they could be. He couldn’t hear Yoongi well, only feel him slightly.“Jimin, honey, I need you to breathe.”Jimin panted, his hands searching for purchase on Yoongi’s shoulders. His nails were slicing into his husband’s milky skin, leaving red trails.“H-Hyung?” Jimin gasped.“I’m here. It’s me,” Yoongi said. He hugged Jimin tightly, grounding him. “Breathe, okay?”Jimin shook his head quickly. “G-Go away. I-I, I don’t—”“Jiminie.” Yoongi pressed a kiss to the side of Jimin’s head. “Calm down, now. I’m not leaving you.”“N-No, I d-don’t deserve it, hyung. S-Stop.” Jimin started bawling his eyes out, he knees giving out. Yoongi kept him up.“Jiminie. My baby, right? My Jiminie. Daddy’s.” Yoongi kept his voice unwavering, whispering the words close to his ear.“N-No! I-I’m not—”“Daddy’s perfect prince. Mine. Right? My baby.”Jimin let out a shaky breath, everything beginning to slow down. He looked up at Yoongi with wide, sad eyes and let out a whimpering, “Daddy.”“It’s okay, baby. Shh, it’s okay. It’s just a panic attack.” Yoongi held him in a bone-crushing hug. “It’s okay, I’m here.”Jimin started sobbing into Yoongi’s shirt. “D-Daddy, I d-don’t know w-what’s wrong,” he gasped, his nails nearly ripping the clothing.“It’s okay, it’s okay. Hey, you’re fine, Jiminie. Everything’s okay. No need to worry.”Jimin let his breathing slow and he gazed up at Yoongi. “D-Daddy?”Yoongi smiled. “Hey there.” He kissed Jimin’s forehead. “You okay?”Jimin made a soft sound. “Daddy…” He sniffled and his eyes widened.“Alright. Come on, little prince.” Yoongi bent down and picked Jimin up. Jimin clung to him and babbled softly.“How are you feelin’? Sippy cup or bottle?”Jimin cooed a bit at the mention of his bottle. He nodded his head quickly. “Bo’le.”Yoongi chuckled and put Jimin on the counter. Jimin wrapped his legs around Yoongi’s waist when he got too close, but Yoongi let him since he was still able to reach the microwave.“How — How Daddy f-fin’…?”Yoongi put his hands on Jimin’s thighs. “How’d Daddy find you?” Jimin nodded and Yoongi smiled sadly. “Syubbie was being loud and meowing. I guess he was scared for you, too.”Jimin giggled. “Syubbie.”Yoongi smiled and turned his head towards the floor where the cat was still sitting. He reached over and picked up the kitten, putting him in Jimin’s lap.“Syubbie!” The cat nuzzled his face all over Jimin.Yoongi held Jimin’s warmed bottle up to him and the little tried to take it, but fumbled. Yoongi just smiled and picked the younger up to carry him to the bedroom.Yoongi put Jimin on the bed and laid next to him, propping his head up with his elbow. Jimin opened his mouth, asking for the bottle, and Yoongi put it between his lips.Jimin made another sound, making Yoongi giggle. The elder felt himself falling asleep and closed his eyes. When he opened them again a few minutes later, Jimin was lightly chewing on the rubber.“Alright,” Yoongi sighed. He put the bottle down and picked up Jimin’s favourite pacifier. Jimin gasped when he saw it and Yoongi laughed before putting it in the little’s mouth.Jimin cooed and cuddled up to Yoongi. “T’ank you.”Yoongi squealed and kissing Jimin’s forehead. “I love you, baby. Go to sleep now. We can talk in the morning.”“Okay…” Jimin slipped his hands around Yoongi’s waist and closed his eyes.Yoongi watched him until he was sure Jimin was asleep. He kissed Jimin’s forehead, then nose, then cheek before sighing and letting himself fall asleep in Jimin’s embrace.



playdate



Jimin was clinging to Yoongi’s neck, babbling softly into the smooth skin. Yoongi rubbed his back and chuckled a bit before kissing the little’s ear. Jimin had his legs wrapped around Yoongi’s waist and he had his thumb in his mouth, muffling his words.“Alright, alright. Come on.”Yoongi slowly sank down to his knees, letting Jimin sit safely on the floor against the couch. The little let go of Yoongi’s neck and situated himself, holding the bottom of one of his feet as he bent his leg. Yoongi smiled and kissed his forehead, then ruffled his hair before standing back up and cracking his back.“You okay to play with Seokie and Taehyungie, baby?” Yoongi asked, sitting on the couch to continue playing with Jimin’s hair.Jimin nodded his head. He reached out a hand to Taehyung, who took it excitedly. Hoseok was in the kitchen being pampered by Namjoon and Seokjin.“Minnie, M-Minnie! Do you w-wanna play?”Jimin smiled behind his thumb and nodded again. Taehyung bounced excitedly. Hoseok was lightly pushed back into the room by Seokjin and the oldest little laughed as he ran over to the others.Yoongi sighed and swung his feet up on the couch, putting his arms behind his head. He closed his eyes, figuring he could nap while the three played.~“Jiminie! No!”“Seokie! S-Stop! He’s s-so l-little!”Yoongi groaned softly and turned, one arm falling over the side of the couch. His fingers brushed the cold floor and it woke him up further. He blinked his eyes and looked at the three on the floor.Each of the littles had a hand on some stuffed animal. Yoongi squinted his eyes and watched Hoseok whine, Taehyung stick out his tongue, and Jimin giggle while watching them.“What?” Yoongi muttered, rubbing one of his eyes. “What’s going on?”“U-Uncle Yoon!” Taehyung whined. “S-Seokie isn’t sh-sharing with Minnie!”“Minnie?” Yoongi blinked and yawned.Jimin turned around and looked at Yoongi, a baby blue pacifier in his mouth. He tilted his head. He sucked on the pacifier and made it move in his mouth. Yoongi smiled as he reached his hand out to pinch Jimin’s cheek lightly. Jimin squealed happily.“What happened, baby?”Jimin pointed at Hoseok and shrugged. Hoseok was now pouting and holding the stuffed animal to himself.“Uncle Y-Yoon, Hoseokie w-won’t share! And — And Minnie won’t e-either!” Taehyung pouted. “Minnie is r-really little and S-Seokie doesn’t get — get it.”Yoongi sighed and looked over at Hoseok. “Seokie honey?”Hoseok looked up at him, hiding his lower face behind the stuffed animal. “Y-Yeah?”“You can share, y’know? Everyone can. Even you, Jiminie baby,” Yoongi said, turning to Jimin. “You know when you feel really little, sweetheart?”Hoseok paused before nodding. Yoongi smiled and put a hand on Jimin’s head.“Jiminie here is feeling especially little. Think you can play even nicer than you usually do?”Hoseok brightened and nodded excitedly. “Yes, Uncle Yoongi.”Yoongi smiled and poked Hoseok’s cheek, then placed a soft kiss on Jimin’s head. He turned to Taehyung. “Taetae, good job standing up for Jiminie, but you gotta be nice too.”Taehyung nodded, blinking quickly. “Y-Yeah!”“Now, the three of you, make up.”Taehyung grinned and leaned over to hug Jimin. Jimin giggled and hugged him back, then dragged Hoseok into the hug as well. Hoseok giggled and shoved his face into both of their hair.~“Careful, Taetae!” Hoseok giggled. He had his hands on Jimin’s bum as Taehyung carried Jimin around the house.Jimin giggled into Taehyung’s neck, his eyes squeezed shut. Taehyung was grinning with his arms under Jimin’s knees, making his way by Jungkook, whose eyes were wide in fear of someone getting hurt.“Careful, sweethearts!” Seokjin called out. The three littles yelled out a small “Uh-huh!” and continued.Jungkook sat down on the couch with wide eyes. “We’re letting Taehyung carry Minnie?”Yoongi shrugged. “Hoseok’s holding him too.”Jungkook shook his head and looked down while Seokjin snorted. “I’d trust Tae more than Joon,” Seokjin laughed.Namjoon opened his mouth, smiling behind his offended expression. Seokjin leaned over and kissed Namjoon’s forehead, earning him a real smile. Yoongi just smiled at Jungkook’s still shocked expression and listened to Jimin’s happy giggles from the other room.



hard time being little



Yoongi slowly made his way over to the couch and fell over, landing right on top of Jimin. The younger groaned softly and pat Yoongi on the back.“Hey there, hyung. Why did you feel like crushing me?” Jimin said, his voice strained a bit.Yoongi shrugged. “You seemed warm.”Jimin giggled and kissed the side of Yoongi’s head. “Well then. You could just get under the blankets with me.”“Too lazy for that.” Yoongi nuzzled his face further into Jimin’s neck and sighed.Jimin rolled his eyes and drew patterns on Yoongi’s back, letting the elder lay on top of him for as long as he wanted.~Jimin was sitting on the floor, staring off at some place in the room. He had a blanket wrapped around him, cartoon printed socks on his feet, and he was fiddling with the bracelets on his wrist.Yoongi walked in and saw his husband on the floor. He smiled softly and sat down on the couch, running his hands through Jimin’s hair.“Hi, hyung.”Yoongi furrowed his brow. “Hey, honey. I thought you were little.”Jimin shrugged. “Not now.”Yoongi smiled and kissed his forehead. “That’s alright. I love you either way.”Jimin smiled and leaned into Yoongi’s touch. The elder continued to brush through his hair, grin widening whenever Jimin would start humming.After a while, Yoongi noticed Jimin still gazing at something. He turned his head to follow his eyes and found a lilac pacifier on the table near them.“Jimin, you can have the pacifier if you want, you know. You know you can go in whenever you want to.” Yoongi sighed and twisted his fingers in Jimin’s hair.Jimin stayed quiet for a moment. “I know.”Yoongi quirked his mouth to the side and leaned forward, grabbing the pacifier. He held it out to Jimin with raised eyebrows, expecting Jimin to take it into his mouth immediately and give his hyung a small smile. Instead, Jimin turned away and shook his head.Yoongi tried not to let it worry him. He shrugged nonchalantly and put the pacifier down, moving his hands to work on Jimin’s shoulders.~When Yoongi found Jimin again, he was watching cartoons on his laptop. He had a few stuffed animals clutched in his arms, but a bored look on his face.“Jiminie?” Yoongi asked.The younger looked up at Yoongi and let out a heavy breath. “Yeah, hyung?” his voice was normal, monotone even.“Honey, sweetheart, Jiminie baby, why won’t you go into little space if you want to so badly?”Jimin groaned and shut the laptop. He threw the stuffed animals to the side. “I don’t know, hyung! I just can’t.” Jimin whimpered and put his face in his hands.Yoongi smiled softly. “I could help.”Jimin picked his head up. “Please?”Yoongi went over to the bed and pulled Jimin into his arms. Jimin squealed at leaving the bed so suddenly and he gripped Yoongi’s shirt in his fingers. Yoongi simply laughed and brought him over to the closet.“First, let’s get you into some comfy clothes, okay?” Yoongi’s face broke out into a soft smile when Jimin nodded.Yoongi pulled out a pair of light overall shorts, a flowery shirt and thigh highs. Jimin blushed when he saw them and he looked away, slightly embarrassed. Yoongi smiled and started to slowly undress Jimin.When Jimin was fully dressed, Yoongi turned the younger towards the mirror. Jimin’s cheeks darkened and he looked down at his feet, wiggling his toes.“You look so cute, baby,” Yoongi laughed.He kissed Jimin’s head and went to grab slippers. They were Yoongi’s and incredibly soft and warm. Jimin brightened when they were slipped onto his feet, warming his toes already.“What do you think? Cotton candy and colouring?”Jimin gasped. “Cotton candy?!” His voice was already getting higher.Yoongi nodded with a grin. “I bought some a few days ago. How about we go colour and eat it, yeah?”Jimin nodded quickly. He was the one who led Yoongi towards the kitchen, bouncing between every step.“Oh! I almost forgot!” Yoongi exclaimed.He ran to the room quickly. When he came back out, Jimin was standing there with his hands clasped behind his back and his head tilted to the side. Yoongi pulled out a flower crown with white and lilac flowers. He smiled at Jimin’s excited squeal. Yoongi put it on Jimin’s head, positioning it on his hair.“There. You look perfect, little one. Absolutely adorable.”Jimin giggled. “Thank you, Daddy.”Yoongi leaned forward and kissed Jimin’s forehead. “Alright, now sit down and Daddy will get everything, okay?”Jimin nodded and skipped over towards his chair. He had recently decorated it with stickers and ribbons to add to the overall little effect. Yoongi grabbed the crayons, colouring books, and hidden cotton candy and laid everything out on the table.Jimin immediately stuffed his mouth full of cotton candy. Yoongi giggled and took his own piece, then directed Jimin towards the colouring books. Jimin hummed and flipped open to a page, picked up a crayon, and began colouring.Yoongi leaned back in his chair and watched over Jimin, wiping his face every so often to get off the sticky pink and purple sugar. Jimin just continued to colour and swing his feet under the table, humming happily and entwining one of his hands with Yoongi’s.



just give this guy a kid



Yoongi’s face twitched in his sleep. He squeezed his eyes tighter for a second before relaxing again. He was slowly being woken up by a noise coming from next to him. He tried to ignore it and go back to sleep, but it was too loud and consistent for him to even try. Sighing, he turned towards Jimin and opened one eye.The younger was sitting up in bed, knees to his chest. His arms were wrapped around his legs and his head was tucked between his knees. Occasionally, his shoulders would shake and he would sniffle loudly.Yoongi sleepily reached out a hand and rested it on Jimin’s thigh. The younger didn’t look up; he just let out a soft sob.“Jiminie,” Yoongi whispered with a scratchy voice.Jimin shook his head and picked his face up, wiping his tears. Yoongi put his arm out, letting Jimin fall next to him. Jimin cuddled up to his hyung’s side, still letting out the softest of whimpers and sobs. Yoongi only kept him close, kissed his head and rubbed his back as he let Jimin cry.Only when Jimin fell asleep did Yoongi let himself.~The smell of breakfast filtered into the bedroom. Yoongi was only half awake at that point, and with the smell of food, his stomach started to growl without his consent. He sighed with a bit of annoyance and got out of bed, slipping into one of Jimin’s hoodies.Yoongi made his way to the kitchen and leaned against the door frame. Jimin was flitting around the kitchen, making breakfast. His hair was pushed back and his sleeves — of Yoongi’s sweater — were pushed up.“Jiminie.”Jimin jumped, whipping around to look at the door. “Oh. Hyung. Hi.”Yoongi kept a straight face. “What happened last night?”Jimin shrugged and turned back around. “Sit down, breakfast is almost ready.”“Jimin—”“Sit down, hyung.”Yoongi sighed and sat down, pushing his chair in a bit. He rested an elbow on the table and his chin on his palm to stare at his husband make breakfast.“You can tell me. You know that.” Yoongi watched Jimin for a reaction, but the younger gave none.Jimin brought over their food and sat down. He began to eat immediately. “Eat, hyung.”Yoongi just gave Jimin a look before eating his own food.~Jimin was sitting on their couch crisscross, his laptop resting on his lap. He was typing away and his eyes were barely blinking as he was totally engrossed with what he was looking at. Yoongi walked in and watched him for a second, smiling at the little indent between his eyebrows.“What are you looking at?”Jimin spared Yoongi a small glance before his full attention was back on the screen. The colours changed, meaning Jimin had switched tabs, and he turned the computer towards Yoongi. It was a YouTube page of a boy band.“Seunghyun went into the military.” Jimin shrugged. “So I was watching BigBang.”Yoongi sighed, obviously not believing him. “Alright.”~The next night consisted of the same event. Yoongi was woken up early in the morning by Jimin clinging to him, nails scratching into his shoulder, as the younger sobbed so hard that both their bodies shook. Yoongi held him, whispering sweet nothings into his ear until he had calmed down.Still, Jimin refused to talk about it. Yoongi had tried everything except forcing the younger to tell him. Yoongi started running out of options when he actually managed to see what Jimin was looking at on his computer.Yoongi slowly made his way to the back of the couch. Jimin was facing away from him, his computer in perfect view for Yoongi to see. He leaned close, keeping his breathing quiet, and silently read over Jimin’s shoulder.The elder jerked his head back and gasped. Jimin jumped and changed tabs again, turning to look at Yoongi.“Hyung, wait—”“Jimin, is this what you’re so upset about?!” Yoongi clutched at the fabric of his shirt by his sides. “Why are you looking at such things?!”Jimin’s body practically deflated. He shoved the laptop off of his legs and put his head in his hands. “Hyung…”“Tell me why they hell you’re looking up adoption processes.”Yoongi wasn’t mad, just surprised. Jimin had seemed to interpret that differently, as he started crying into his palms. Yoongi froze before he rounded the couch and pulled the younger into his arms.“Jiminie, no, don’t cry, sweetheart. It’s okay. Oh my gosh, it’s okay.” Yoongi let the younger cling to him. He ran his hands through the back of Jimin’s hair, trying to calm him. “I’m not mad. Jesus, I’m not mad. Why are you crying?”Jimin sniffled and hid his face in Yoongi’s neck. “I-I want a baby, hyung.”Yoongi let out an angry breath directed towards himself. “Of fucking course you do. God, I’m a fucking idiot. How did I not see that before?”Jimin pulled back, wiping his face on his sleeve. “What?”Yoongi gave him a sad smile. “When Jungkook was watching that baby… And then on our vacation, you were watching all those kids. Those names were baby names, weren’t they?”Jimin paused before nodding. “I want a baby…” He sniffled again. “D-Do, um… Do you?”Yoongi looked at Jimin’s eyes, unphased. The younger only looked back expectantly. Finally, Yoongi let out a sigh and dropped his head. “Kinda.”Jimin couldn’t have let out a less manly squeal. “You do?! Oh my gosh. Hyung, we could… we could get a baby. We could have our own little, I don’t know… Yoonmin?”“Jesus Christ, Jimin,” Yoongi laughed. “There’s no way we’re naming a kid Yoonmin. Are you insane?”Jimin giggled. “I like Taesun for a boy… Jinmae for a girl. Don’t want the family syllables.”Yoongi seemed to think about it for a minute. “I hope it’s a girl. I hope we could get a baby girl…”Jimin grinned brightly, reaching out to take Yoongi’s hands. “Are you sure about this, Yoongs?”Yoongi gave him a shy smile, nodding. “As long as you are. I kept thinking about adopting at some point, too. We’re not too young…?”Jimin quirked his mouth to the side. “I don’t think so. As long as we’re ready. Plus, adoption takes a really, really long time.”Yoongi nodded. “Okay. We’ll look into it. I promise.”Jimin squealed and jumped at Yoongi, tackling him onto his back on the couch. He pressed kisses all over Yoongi’s face till the elder was giggling and trying to push him away.“Jimin, go away,” Yoongi laughed.“No, I won’t go away. I wanna kiss you, ‘cause I love you. We’re gonna have a baby.”Yoongi kissed Jimin, distracting him long enough to roll the younger onto his side. Yoongi rolled off the couch and practically sprinted away. Jimin laughed and followed, nearly slamming into their bedroom door when Yoongi shut it in his face. He managed to get it open and tackle Yoongi onto the bed.“Yay! More room!”Yoongi groaned as Jimin just continued.“I love you, hyung~!”“Get off of me.”



grown up cuddling



Jimin sighed into Yoongi’s mouth, tilting the elder’s head with his small hands. Yoongi put a hand on Jimin’s knee and leaned forward, pushing the younger onto his back. Jimin winded his hands through Yoongi’s hair and let his tongue slip just past Yoongi’s lips.Yoongi groaned and adjusted himself so he could hold Jimin’s neck and he brushed his thumbs over his cheekbones. His eyes were closed but he could tell Jimin was smiling, nearly giggling against Yoongi’s mouth.Yoongi pulled away and smiled, resting his forehead against Jimin’s and keeping his eyes shut. “Why do you have to laugh every time I try to make out with you?”Jimin shrugged and let a small giggle escape. “You’re just cute.”Yoongi put one hand on Jimin’s cheek, placing a soft kiss to his forehead. “You’re the cutest.”Jimin giggled again. “I know.”“Little shit.” Yoongi slid his hand down to Jimin’s waist and kissed him again.Jimin threw his arms around Yoongi’s neck lazily, moving his mouth against Yoongi’s. He nearly whimpered when Yoongi bit on his lower lip, using his hand by Jimin’s face to play with his hair. With one arm still slung around the elder’s neck, Jimin used his free hand to run his fingers along Yoongi’s pale skin under his sweatshirt.Yoongi groaned into Jimin’s mouth and flipped their positions so Jimin was on top of him. Jimin giggled again and left a little bite mark on Yoongi’s neck before going back to his mouth. The younger used his advantage to pull up Yoongi’s sweatshirt and run his nails down Yoongi’s stomach.“Not fair,” Yoongi gasped, throwing his arm around Jimin’s neck to kiss him again.Jimin only shrugged. “You love it.”“That’s why it’s not fair.” Another kiss.Jimin giggled and placed a tender kiss to Yoongi’s cheek. “I’m sleepy. Let’s go sleep.”“You spend too much time with me. You’re becoming me.” Yoongi laughed and kissed Jimin. “Alright. Come on.”“Carry me.”Yoongi rolled his eyes and picked Jimin up, placing the grown-ass adult on his hip. Jimin nuzzled his face into Yoongi’s neck and smiled.Yoongi dumped Jimin on the bed and crawled under the covers once the other did. Jimin put his hand on Yoongi’s cheek and kissed him slowly, winding his legs through the elder’s. Yoongi played with the hem of Jimin’s shirt and let Jimin tilt his head.“I thought you were sleepy,” Yoongi whispered.“I like kissing you, though.” Jimin grinned and moved his nose against Yoongi’s, eskimo kissing him.Yoongi scoffed playfully and poke Jimin’s side. Jimin let out a soft squeal, followed by the soft giggle that melted Yoongi’s heart. “Just sleep, baby.”“Mmm,” Jimin agreed, closing his eyes. “You gotta cuddle me, though.”Yoongi turned Jimin so he was facing away and slowly pulled the younger to him. From this position, Yoongi kissed the top of his spine and neck, kissed just behind his ear. Jimin sighed happily.Yoongi threw an arm around Jimin’s waist, linking his fingers through the younger’s. Jimin squeezed Yoongi’s hand and smiled. Their legs were entwined again, Jimin’s bare ones warming up against Yoongi’s clothed ones.“Are you asleep yet?” Yoongi muttered, kissing the shell of Jimin’s ear.Jimin laughed. “Uh, I don’t think so.”“Well hurry up so I can sleep too.”“What?” Jimin asked, turning his head a bit to try and get a good look at his hyung.Yoongi used a finger to push Jimin’s head back to where it was. “I only fall asleep after you so I know you’re okay. You didn’t know that?”Jimin paused for a second. He shook his head softly and squeezed Yoongi’s hand tighter. “I didn’t.”“Well, I do. So hurry up.”Jimin smiled bashfully and looked down at their hands. He tried not to tear up at what he had learned and instead closed his eyes, willing sleep to take over.~Jimin woke up first, like always. He turned around in Yoongi’s hold and took his time watching his hyung sleep. His teeth poked out behind his lips just the tiniest bit and his bangs fell across his forehead. Jimin smiled and pushed his hair to the side, pressed a soft kiss to Yoongi’s cheek.They were still holding hands. Jimin closed his eyes again and tilted his forehead against Yoongi’s, feeling the elder’s soft puffs of breath against his mouth. He was sure Yoongi was still sleeping, so he played with the elder’s fingers and kissed his nose.Suddenly, Yoongi took his hand out of Jimin’s and gripped his waist, kissing his husband. Jimin gasped out of surprise, giggling once Yoongi just rolled on top of him and continued to kiss him.“You woke me up by moving and then wouldn’t stop kissing my face.” Yoongi kissed him harder. “I’m sleepy,” Yoongi whined.Jimin giggled. “So go sleep. You’re pretty when you’re sleeping, I couldn’t help myself.”“I’m not pretty when I’m not sleeping?” Yoongi pouted.Jimin brushed a bit of hair behind Yoongi’s ear. “Nah.”Yoongi scrunched his nose and Jimin kissed it, earning him a soft whine from Yoongi. “You woke me up, so you have to let me kiss you.”“I’m not objecting?”“You’re not allowed to object anyway. Wouldn’t be fair.”Yoongi put all his weight on Jimin so that the younger groaned. Grinning, he kissed Jimin’s mouth open and slipped his tongue against Jimin’s, only for him to put his hands on Yoongi’s chest and push him up a bit so he could breathe properly.“You’re such a shit, hyung.”“Mhm.”



the pink sweater from spring day



Jimin’s eyes drooped and he caught himself just before his head fell forward. He struggled to keep his eyes open as his head basically rolled on his neck. He would fall asleep for a second before realising it and waking up again, his head jerking.“Alright.” Yoongi suddenly reached over Jimin’s shoulder and closed his laptop.“Hyung!” Jimin whimpered. He was a little more awake now but his eyes were still burning.Yoongi grabbed Jimin’s hand and pulled him out of the chair, bending down to pick the younger up before Jimin could react. Jimin let out a high squeal as he was hoisted into the air. Yoongi ignored it and carried him through the house.“Hyung, stop it! I was looking up—”“I know you were. But you’ve been looking up adoption stuff for days. You need to sleep now.”“But, hyung—” Jimin was cut off the second time by Yoongi dumping him on the bed.Jimin bounced a bit, groaning. Yoongi smirked and pushed Jimin under the covers, then climbed under himself.“Hyung, stop it,” the younger whined.Yoongi hummed and pulled Jimin into his arms. He started brushing his fingers through Jimin’s hair, knowing it would make him fall asleep faster.“Not fair…” Jimin muttered, eyes already fluttering closed.“Shh,” Yoongi shushed him. “Sleep now, baby.”Jimin let out a breath and finally let his body relax. “Yes, Daddy,” he whispered just before falling asleep.~“Hyung!” Jimin called as he walked through the front door. “I bought some stuff!”“What?” Yoongi stood up and went to find Jimin, who was carrying a ton of bags. “Some?”Jimin shrugged. “I know it could be a while, but I just got some baby stuff. The general things, you know?”Yoongi just rubbed at his face. “Alright? Um… That’ll be good then, I guess.”“Yeah!” Jimin smiled. “And I made sure to get yellow and purple stuff, since we won’t know if it’s a boy or girl or whatever.”Yoongi peeked into one of the bags. He raised an eyebrow in question and pulled out a sweater, bright pink and way too large for a baby. He lifted it towards Jimin and the younger blushed.“I saw it while I was shopping and it was cute. And soft. Leave me alone, hyung.”Yoongi just smiled and put the sweater back down. “Alright, fine. What have you been researching anyway, honey?”“Well… How to start, I guess. We need a social worker and we’ve gotta fill out a ton of paperwork and it’s gonna take forever but…” Jimin looked up at Yoongi. “I really want a baby.”Yoongi put his hands on Jimin’s waist and smiled. “Me too. It’s okay. We got this, yeah?”“Yeah,” Jimin grinned. “Now, go do something while I continue looking stuff up.”Yoongi rolled his eyes and left Jimin in the kitchen, the same place he has been during his free time for the last few weeks.~Yoongi whined into his phone. He could hear Jimin’s little laugh, which warmed his heart a bit. It was nowhere close to what he needed though.“Jiminie~! Please, come home. I’m f-freezing.” Yoongi bounced a bit.
“Hyung, it can’t be that cold.”
“It is! I’m shivering! Come home, I wanna cuddle. You’re always warm.”
“I’ll be home soon. Put on a sweatshirt or something.”
Yoongi whimpered. He looked around the room and his eyes landed on the scattered plastic bags that Jimin had left in the living room. Yoongi cursed himself but ran over, pulling out the brightest hot pink sweater he’s ever seen.“God, I can’t stand you, Jimin.”Jimin giggled. “Why?! What’d I do now?!”“You’ll see.” Yoongi pulled the sweater over his head and sighed at the immediate warmth he felt. “Get home quick, okay? I need your body warmth.”
“Yeah, yeah. Ten minutes.”
~Jimin gasped when he saw Yoongi in the neon pink sweater. “Hyung, you look so cute!”Yoongi glared at Jimin, narrowing his eyes. “T-Turn up the h-heat, I-I’m cold.”Jimin giggled and went to the thermostat to turn up the heat a bit. “There.”“Now, come c-cuddle me, you shit. I’m f-freezing.” Yoongi opened his arms from the couch.“You could have gotten some heavier clothes on.”“Lazy.”Jimin fell into Yoongi’s arms, laughing at the pink sweater on his hyung who only wore dark colours. It was a huge contrast from his pale skin and black hair. He looked so soft and cute.“Pink hyung~!”“Shut the fuck up.” Yoongi held Jimin to him, hiding his face in the younger’s neck. Jimin was always so warm. It wasn’t fair.“Please never take this sweater off. Making fun of you is easy and it’s adorable on you.”Yoongi hit Jimin in the back of the head, smiling when he felt the younger giggle against him. “I was just cold.”“Right.”“Shut the fuck up, Jimin.”Jimin kissed the side of Yoongi’s head. “No thanks, pink hyung.”



someone help guk



Jimin put his hand up and tugged on Yoongi’s sleeve with a soft pout, begging Yoongi to look down at him. Yoongi turned and tilted his head down to look at his boyfriend on the floor. Jimin’s pout turned into a soft, loving smile and Yoongi scrunched his nose. The elder bent down and put a few fingers under Jimin’s chin.“Yes, baby?” Yoongi asked softly.Jimin gave Yoongi a wide smile, all his teeth on show and eyes disappearing into crescents. Yoongi cooed and kissed the little’s nose.“Daddy~!” Jimin giggled. Yoongi chuckled and kissed him again. “Daddy, I’m really hungry.”Yoongi gazed at Jimin and took in all of his pretty features, nearly losing his train of thought. “Oh? Hungry? What do you want, baby?”Jimin shrugged. He turned to the side and looked at the other three littles in the room. “Food?”Taehyung perked up. “Food!” he yelled. He looked at Jungkook. “F-Food!”Jimin giggled when Hoseok looked up as well, taking Seokjin’s hand in his. “Daddy, now I’m hungry too.” Namjoon kept his head down but nodded in agreement. It was one of the more rare times that Namjoon was actually little when around everyone else. Usually, he was too shy.“I guess I’ll make something to eat then.” Seokjin smiled and stood up.“What are you making?” Yoongi asked, looking up at the eldest.Seokjin shrugged on his way to the kitchen.Yoongi groaned. “I’ll help. Jiminie likes his food a certain way.” He gave Jimin one last peck before heading after Seokjin.“I hope you don’t expect me to help,” Jungkook called. He was reclined on the couch, a pillow under his head and his eyes barely open.Seokjin poked his head out from the kitchen door. “Oh, no. You’re watching them.” He gestured to the littles — all four — and grinned.Jungkook’s eyes widened and he looked horrified. “Wait, but—!” Seokjin was already gone.Jungkook looked down at all of them. Taehyung was grinning up at him with his beautiful boxy smile. Namjoon was hiding his face in Hoseok’s chest as the latter pet his hair and whispered to him. Jungkook smiled at how it reminded him of a kid taking care of his baby brother. Jimin was happy by himself, on his back and feet up on the couch as he patted his stomach.“Okay…” Jungkook rubbed at his face and stood up. “Tae.” He gestured for his boyfriend to come to him, opening his arms.Immediately, Taehyung sprung up and was on Jungkook’s lap, giggling and hiding his smile in Jungkook’s neck. As long as Taehyung was on Jungkook, he would be calm enough to handle. He was usually the catalyst for the others’ hyperactivity. “Taetae, do you wanna take a nap?”Taehyung sat back on Jungkook’s knees and pouted. “No! W-Wanna play.”Jungkook brought a hand up to rub his thumb across Taehyung’s cheekbone. “Kookie needs you to be all calm and stuff right now.”Taehyung placed his hands on his hips and smirked. “M-Minnie!”Jimin sat up and looked at Taehyung. Taehyung grinned down at the other before leaping off Jungkook’s lap and taking Jimin’s hand.“Wait!”Jimin giggled and ran after Taehyung through the house. The two surely knocked things over in their wake, but Jungkook was more worried about their safety. Yoongi would kill him if Jimin got hurt under his supervision again.“Tae! Minnie! Cut it out!” Jungkook stood up abruptly, scaring Hoseok and making him jump a bit. This surprised Namjoon as well, making him hug onto the elder tightly. Hoseok’s eyes saddened and held onto Namjoon tighter, whispering to keep him calm.Jungkook bent down to try and console Namjoon and Hoseok, but a loud crash came from somewhere else in the apartment. He scrunched his nose and took off in the direction of the sound.~Seokjin perked up. “Did you hear something?”Another crash. Seokjin dropped what he was doing and started to walk out to the living room. Yoongi caught his arm.“I’ve got it.”Seokjin nodded and let Yoongi check. Just before Yoongi could reach the doorway, Jungkook came running in.“Hurry the hell up, hyungs!” he panted. “Before they break the entire place.”Yoongi furrowed his brow, muttering something about ‘disrespectful’. “Jimin better be okay, Jungkook, or I swear to god—”“He’s fine! I’m the one you should be worried about!”There was a loud bang, one that made Jungkook flinch. Yoongi narrowed his eyes and Jungkook took off to make sure no one was hurt.Seokjin sighed and continued stirring the soup.“Finish the noodles, Yoongi-yah. You know how Jimin likes them.”Yoongi nodded and went back to his position at the stove.~Seokjin ushered Namjoon into the kitchen, making sure to pet his hair and talk so Namjoon would feel more comfortable. Yoongi had Jimin on his hip and he was helping Jungkook get Taehyung to calm down.“Kim Taehyung!”The little stopped in his tracks and turned around to look at Yoongi. “Y-Yes, Uncle Yoon!”“Come here.”Taehyung skipped over to Yoongi with a smile. Yoongi put a hand through his hair and gave him a knowing look.“You listen to Jungkookie, okay?”Taehyung nodded quickly and ran over to his boyfriend, taking his hand and resting his head on Jungkook’s shoulder. “Okay!”Yoongi smiled and Jimin kissed his cheek. Just as Yoongi was about to bring Jimin into the kitchen, he felt a tug on his sleeve. He looked over to see Hoseok, head tilted and a soft smile on his lips.Yoongi looked around for Seokjin. When he realized the eldest was still pampering Namjoon, Yoongi smiled knowingly and held out his hand. Hoseok bounced in place happily and linked his fingers with Yoongi’s.Yoongi jumped a bit, repositioning Jimin on his hip. He carried Jimin while leading Hoseok to the kitchen. Once they were at the table, Yoongi continued holding Hoseok’s hand until the little sat down and got situated. Then Yoongi placed Jimin in his seat, petting his hair when Jimin grinned up at him.“Thank you,” Seokjin mouthed. Yoongi shrugged and gently pet Hoseok’s hair before kissing Jimin again.~“What’d you break?” Yoongi asked, holding Jimin’s hands and looking at him.“Just Jungkookie’s mentality.” Jimin grinned and giggled.Yoongi nodded with a smile. “Good job.” He leaned forward and kissed Jimin’s forehead softly.



babyproofing



“Jin hyung, it’s — Jin hyung. Hyung, you don’t have to—” Jimin tried, but Seokjin walked around him and tidied up the apartment. “Hyung—”“I am babyproofing!” Seokjin yelled, putting up more bubble wrap. He turned away and ran to another corner of the room.Jimin put his head in his hands and groaned. “This is why I told hyung not to tell you first.”“Well, I’m glad you did!” Seokjin huffed. “Look at this place! A baby could get hurt from so many things!”Jimin looked around the living room. “Hyung, there’s like one breakable cup. And it’s made of plastic.”“Plastic is harmful too.” Seokjin picked up the cup and put it in the crook of his elbow. “Really, Jiminie! You gotta get started right away! Who knows how long it will take? It might even be just a month.”“Yoongi hyung,” Jimin called, putting his hand through his hair. “Jin hyung is wrapping all our stuff in bubble wrap and he won’t stop.”He heard Yoongi chuckle from the kitchen. “Why did we tell him first again?”Jimin threw his arms up, obviously agreeing with Yoongi. Seokjin only shrugged and continued with what he was doing. Jimin heard a knock on the door and he waved at Seokjin.“Stop it, hyung! You’re gonna give away the surprise!”Seokjin nodded and threw the rest of his supplies down, running to the couch and sitting down. Jimin cleared his throat and went to the door.
He opened it to Taehyung, Jungkook, Hoseok, and Namjoon. He smiled and ushered them inside, directing them towards the living room. When they were all seated, Jimin called for Yoongi.Yoongi walked into the room, sipping his coffee. He was still in his pyjamas and he sat down in the couch chair, curling up on himself. Jimin smiled at his adorable husband and he sat on the armrest of Yoongi’s chair.“Okay! So! Announcement!” Jimin said happily.Jungkook cocked his head. “What? That’s what we’re here for?”Taehyung laid on Jungkook. “Hyung, just tell us.”Jimin sighed and put his hand on Yoongi’s head, petting through his hair. “Uh…” He gulped and looked towards Seokjin, who was nearly bouncing in happiness. “How the hell do I say this?”Hoseok leaned forward. “Jiminie~!” he sang, leaning forward. “Tell us!”Jimin whined. “Hyung, can you? I don’t know how to say it.”Yoongi shrugged. “We’re getting a baby. Or, trying to.”Taehyung gasped and shrieked, rolling off Jungkook and standing up. “A baby?! I love babies! Jungkookie, I love babies!”“We know,” Jungkook smiled. He pulled Taehyung back onto his lap. “Wait, holy shit, a baby?!”Seokjin stood up, bouncing happily. “A baby!”Namjoon looked at Seokjin. “You knew about this?!” Seokjin only nodded enthusiastically.Hoseok was sitting there with his mouth hanging open. “A baby…”Jimin grinned. He leaned down and kissed the top of Yoongi’s head. Yoongi looked up a him, a soft smile pulling at the corners of his lips.“Can I continue now?” Seokjin asked.Jimin rolled his eyes. “Yes, hyung.”Seokjin sprung up from his seat and grabbed the bubble wrap, beginning where he left off. Namjoon watched him curiously, arms around Hoseok. Jungkook was now pressing soft kisses to Taehyung’s cheek, who was still squealing about a baby.~“They couldn’t have taken that better.” Jimin giggled and sat on Yoongi’s lap, kissing his hyung’s cheek.Yoongi sighed and looped his arms around Jimin’s waist. He played with the hem of Jimin’s shirt and beckoned him down for a kiss. Jimin cooperated and kissed Yoongi tenderly.“Should I take down all of Jin hyung’s bubble wrap?” Jimin asked, looking over Yoongi’s face.Yoongi shrugged. “Might as well leave it. It might come in handy.”Jimin giggled. He put his arms around Yoongi’s neck and rested his head against the elder’s shoulder.It was silent for a few moments, Yoongi still playing with Jimin’s shirt. Jimin closed his eyes and let himself rest.Yoongi was the first to break the silence. “I found a social worker.”Jimin’s grasp on Yoongi’s shirt tightened. “You what?” he asked, sounding hopeful.Yoongi nodded carefully. “She says she can help us and keep everything simple.”Jimin teared up and hid his face in Yoongi’s neck. “Hyung,” he whispered.Yoongi put his head on Jimin’s. “I love you, Jiminie.”“God, I love you so much, Daddy.” Jimin kissed Yoongi’s neck softly, sniffling.Yoongi smiled and played with Jimin’s hair, nearly falling asleep while cuddling the younger and listening to his quiet humming.



social worker
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Jimin tapped his foot impatiently, biting his lip until he was sure it was bleeding. He focused on one part of the carpet, trying his best to keep himself calm. He jumped and yelped when a hand was put on his shoulder. He whipped around, hand raised to slap whoever touched him.“Jimin!” Yoongi caught his wrist and put his other hand up, trying to show he surrendered. “God dammit, Jimin. What the hell?”Jimin sighed and his shoulders dropped, hand going limp in Yoongi’s grasp. He put his head in his free hand and groaned. “I’m sorry, hyung.”“You’re so on edge. You need to relax, baby. I’m gonna take care of it.” Yoongi carded his hand through Jimin’s hair, trying to calm him.Jimin whimpered. “I know. But it’s so nerve wracking.” Jimin sighed again and bit his lip. He leaned against the back of the couch and closed his eyes.Yoongi smiled and nodded, kissing his head. “I know. Don’t worry, baby. It’s any minute now.”“I’ve been waiting for two hours! What if she doesn’t—”The phone started ringing and Jimin was out of his seat immediately. He grabbed the phone on the side table of the couch, staring at the caller ID.“It’s her. Hyung, I-I… I can’t answer it.”Yoongi shook his head fondly and took the phone from Jimin, hitting answer. “Hello?”Jimin worried his bottom lip further, cracking his fingers as he watched Yoongi talk on the phone. His expression was unreadable as always and Jimin couldn’t help but find that as negative. He brought his hands to his mouth, biting on his knuckles as he waited.“Thank you,” Yoongi finished the phone call, hitting end and putting the phone back down. He kept his shoulders straight and he didn’t meet Jimin’s eyes.“Hyung?” Jimin asked, his voice soft and scared. “What did she say?” He sounded almost broken, like he was ready to start crying.Yoongi’s gaze met Jimin’s and he gave the younger a soft smile. “Chaeyoung-ssi is bringing over documents right now. She… found a few mothers who are willing.” He smiled brighter and nodded his head. “We just have to go over everything and then wait. But we have the best of the chances right now.”Jimin’s lip trembled and he tried to stop himself, but he began sobbing immediately. He put his head in his hands as his shoulders shook. Yoongi smiled and pulled the younger into his arms, kissing his head. He helped the younger onto the couch and held him on his lap, tearing up himself.Jimin clung to Yoongi, not able to stop crying. “Hy-hyung.”Yoongi shushed him and rubbed his back soothingly, kissing his head again. “It’s okay, it’s okay. We’re getting a baby. It’s okay, sweetheart.” Yoongi sniffled.Jimin cried even harder when he realized Yoongi was crying too. He hid his face in Yoongi’s chest and sobbed. “I-I’m just so, so h-happy.”Yoongi chuckled and nodded. “I know, baby. It’s okay. I know.”Jimin eventually calmed down, hiccuping against Yoongi’s chest and little sniffles being the only clue that he had been crying so hard. Yoongi continued rubbing his back, shushing him and kissing his forehead.There was a knock on the door and Jimin gasped, sitting up and wiping at his face. “Hyung,” he hiccupped, rubbing his eyes.Yoongi nodded and stood up, kissing him one last time before moving to the door. Yoongi opened the door and bowed his head with a bright smile, gesturing for the woman to step inside.“Yoongi-ssi! Nice to see you!” She bowed her head as well.Yoongi smiled and directed her towards the living room, offering her a seat. Jimin looked up at her and stood, bowing his head as he said hello.“You must be Jimin-ssi. It’s nice to meet you as well. I’m Son Chaeyoung.” She smiled warmly. Jimin liked her immediately.Chaeyoung pulled out a few folders from her bag and spread them out on their coffee table, opening them and pulling out papers. “Okay. This is going to be a little difficult to understand, but I’m gonna try my best to explain everything to you two. Is that okay?”Yoongi sat down and nodded happily. “That’d be amazing, Chaeyoung-ssi.”Chaeyoung grinned and started going through all the paperwork. Jimin and Yoongi held hands through her whole explanation, totally losing themselves in all the processes. It took an hour or two but it was enough information that it should have taken about a week. Whenever Jimin didn’t understand something, he’d squeeze Yoongi’s hand and speak up. Chaeyoung would explain and he would let out breath, happy that he finally understood. Yoongi kissed Jimin’s forehead, smiling at how easy it would be once they got through all the paperwork.Eventually Chaeyoung left, giving them each a handshake and hug before walking out of the door. When the door was closed, Jimin sat down on the couch and started crying again. Yoongi was over to him within a minute. Yoongi held Jimin tightly, hiding his face in the younger’s hair.“Are you okay? Jimin, baby, it’s gonna be okay. It’ll be okay.”“I-I know, hyung. I’m s-so happy.” Jimin sniffled and wiped at his face. “I’m okay, I’m okay.”Yoongi chuckled and shook his head fondly, kissing the top of Jimin’s head. “It’ll be really soon, baby. We have everything figured out, and all the paperwork will be over in a few weeks. We’re…” Yoongi bit his lip. “We’re incredibly lucky. This takes most people years.”Jimin nodded quickly, ready to cry again. “I’m so happy.”Yoongi smiled and kissed him softly. “I am too.”~“Daddy.” Jimin pouted and laid his head in Yoongi’s lap, eyes squinting uncomfortably. “Daddy!”Yoongi looked down from his book and put a hand in Jimin’s hair. “What is it, baby?”Jimin sighed happily, leaning into Yoongi’s hand. His eyes closed and he smiled, totally sated. Yoongi chuckled and shook his head fondly as Jimin stopped whining. He looked back up at his book and began reading again.Jimin snuggled further into his lap and held a hand near his face. Yoongi smiled down at him as he was sure the younger was falling asleep. Eventually, his breathing evened out and Yoongi giggled softly, brushing his fingers over Jimin’s cheek. Yoongi went back to his book and wasn’t sure when he finally stopped smiling.



Chapter End Notes
son chaeyoung is my baby girl let me be


born
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“He’s just sitting there holding the phone, Yoongi-yah. He hasn’t moved in two hours.” Seokjin sighed and rubbed his forehead. He had been at Yoongi and Jimin’s all day while Yoongi went to work. He had the job of watching over Jimin, which he had thought meant Jimin was in little space. Instead, he was left to keep Jimin from going crazy over a phone call.Yoongi let out a little chuckle. “Hyung, just make sure he doesn’t start throwing things. He gets jumpy and angry when he’s nervous.”

“I hope you don’t expect me to stand in the way of anything he throws. I’m not risking this face.” Seokjin gestured to his face though he knew Yoongi wouldn’t see him.



“Right.” Yoongi sighed heavily. Seokjin could tell the younger was exhausted. “Make him green tea with an unhealthy amount of honey. Calm him down for me.”



Seokjin agreed. Yoongi was swamped with work, so he let the younger go. He hung up and took a deep breath before walking back into the living room. Jimin was sitting on the couch, phone in hand. He was staring at the electronic intently, barely blinking as his foot tapped impatiently.



Seokjin walked closer to him. “Jimin, honey, watching the phone will only make the time move slower. It’s—”



The phone began to ring. Jimin yelped and jumped, nearly dropping the phone. He hit answer and held it to his ear.




“Hello, sir, we’d like to ask you to take part in our survey—”




Jimin yelled. He hit end and threw the phone across the room. Seokjin, surprised, made a soft noise and placed a hand on his chest.



“Park Jimin!”



Jimin looked up at Seokjin and his face softened. “Yeah, hyung?”



Seokjin blinked a few times before he shook his head fondly. “Come here, Yoongi told me to make you tea.” He held out his hand for Jimin take, eyebrows raised.



Jimin sighed and took Seokjin’s hand, standing up and following the elder to the kitchen. The younger sat in the chair and hid his face in his hands, cheeks still red from anger. Seokjin flitted around the kitchen, mumbling to himself every so often as he complained about their organisation. Jimin tapped his finger on the table, too distracted to pay attention to his hyung.



Just as Seokjin placed the mug in front of Jimin and he wrapped his sweater pawed hands around it, the phone began to ring again. Jimin picked up the kitchen phone, staring at the digital screen.



“Hyung, it’s her.” Jimin licked his lips and swallowed nervously, visibly shaking.



Seokjin put a hand on Jimin’s shoulder. “Then you should answer it.”



Jimin shook his head. “I can’t. My fingers won’t move…”



The elder smiled and took the phone, hitting answer and placing it against Jimin’s ear for him. He watched the younger struggle to say anything, so Seokjin nudged him softly.



“Hello?” Jimin stuttered out, biting his nails as he grew even more nervous.



His eyes moved around the kitchen as he listened and Seokjin was beginning to get antsy himself. Seokjin cursed himself softly and pulled the phone away quickly, pressing speaker phone as fast as he could.



“...has been born today! You and Yoongi-ssi can come down and finish the rest of the paperwork. We’ve already checked your house multiple times, but we like to check once the baby has been fully integrated into your lives as well, so expect more visits from me.” Chaeyoung laughed softly. “Oh, and, Jimin-ssi?”



Jimin swallowed, in a daze, and nodded. “Yes?”



Chaeyoung’s smile was evident in her voice. “It’s a girl.”



Jimin gasped, a hand flying up to cover his mouth. He teared up so quickly that he couldn’t see the room anymore, could only hear Chaeyoung’s voice.



“You can come down to the hospital with Yoongi-ssi and we’ll get everything else finished. Congratulations, Jimin-ssi.” Chaeyoung hung up and the kitchen was silent once more.Jimin was frozen, hand over his mouth and tears running down his cheeks. He sniffled softly and Seokjin let out a heavy breath.



“Jimin…”



“A baby girl. Hyung…” Jimin looked up at Seokjin and his bottom lip trembled.



Seokjin grinned. He put his hands on Jimin’s cheeks and was nearly bouncing with happiness for him. “A baby girl! Oh my gosh, Jiminie, you have to call Yoongi! You and Yoongi have a baby girl!”



Jimin burst into tears, hiding his face in his hands. He was sobbing heavily and reached out his hands to grab for Seokjin, who went to him immediately. Seokjin rubbed his back and shushed him. The elder picked up his phone and dialed Yoongi’s number.




“Jin hyung—”




“Yoongi-ah, you need to come home.”


“Shit, okay. Ten minutes.” Yoongi hung up and Seokjin put his phone down.


Jimin fell into Seokjin’s arms, hiding his face in the elder’s neck and sobbing. Seokjin smiled and continued rubbing Jimin’s back.



~



Yoongi ran into their apartment and released a relieved sigh when he saw Jimin looking unharmed in Seokjin’s arms. He walked over to them quickly and Seokjin moved out of his way. Yoongi bent down next to Jimin on the chair and took one of the younger’s hands in his.



“Jiminie? What happened? Are you okay?” Yoongi reached a hand up and brushed the tears from Jimin’s cheek.



“Ch-Chaeyoung called a-and we’re—” Jimin swallowed and wiped his face. “B-Baby girl.”



Yoongi’s jaw dropped and he looked up at Seokjin for confirmation. The eldest nodded his head. “The baby was born and they’re waiting for you two at the hospital.”



Yoongi looked back at his husband and his breathing was laboured. “Jinmae.” He used his free hand to cover his mouth as he started crying.



Jimin nodded quickly, still borderline sobbing, and slid out of his chair. He sat on Yoongi’s lap on the ground and hugged the elder tightly, crying into his shoulder.



Seokjin smiled down at the two of them. He shook his head fondly and put a hand on each of their heads. “I guess I’m driving you two then.”



It took a while for the two of them to get off the floor and out of each other’s arms. Seokjin led them to his car and let them climb in the backseat, where they only cuddled up against each other again.





Chapter End Notes
little jimin is comin i promise


hospital trip



Jimin was shaking and holding onto Yoongi, unable to get himself out of the car. “I-I hate hospitals. Daddy, y-you know I hate hospitals.”Yoongi gave Jimin a soft smile, cupping his cheeks. “We’re not here for you, baby boy. It’ll be okay. We’re here for… for Jinmae.” The name made tears form in his eyes, but he wiped them away before they could fall.“Jinmae. The… our baby?” the little asked, tilting his head to look up at Yoongi. “Oh, yeah… So not for Diminie.”Yoongi shook his head to reassure Jimin. “Not for you.” He offered his hand, which Jimin took happily. Yoongi led Jimin into the hospital, Seokjin following behind them. Yoongi did the talking at the desk and signed the three of them in, then got directions to where they needed to go.Yoongi kept an eye on Jimin, who was still clinging to his side with his nose scrunched, having hated the smell of hospitals for as long as Yoongi had known him. He knew this hospital in particular was Jimin’s least favourite, being the one he spent time recovering in.As they waited in the elevator, Jimin hummed to himself and ran his fingers over the reflective walls. He was totally engrossed by the way his fingers left marks. Seokjin smiled fondly at the youngest and Yoongi couldn’t help but smile as well. He loved that everyone was so in love with his baby.Something happened when the elevator doors opened that caused Jimin to stand up straighter, his movements to get sharper, and his wonder-filled eyes to go back to normal. Yoongi recognized his Jimin immediately and he reached his hand out. Jimin smiled and took his hand, squeezing momentarily.The three walked down the hallways that seemed to match all the rest. Jimin was nervous, looking into every room he could to make sure they didn’t miss anything. Finally, they turned a corner and Seokjin pointed a certain area. Jimin pulled Yoongi towards the area and went to the desk, giving them their names.Not five minutes later, a nurse came over with Chaeyoung. Both were smiling happily at the three. Chaeyoung was the first to speak. “The baby is doing great. Totally healthy. But, um…”Jimin tensed up immediately. He grabbed onto Yoongi and his breathing was uneven. The nurse noticed and held her hands up, clipboard in her left.“No, no, don’t worry. The baby just didn’t react well to her formula. She may be lactose intolerant, we don’t know yet. You’ll find out as she gets older. We just have to keep her for a few days to make sure it’s just the formula making her stomach hurt.”Yoongi rubbed Jimin’s back and the youngest let out his breath. Jimin cleared his throat and spoke. “How long do you think it will take?”The nurse smiled. “Five days at most.”Yoongi grinned, putting his arm around Jimin’s waist. Jimin leaned against him and smiled, hiding his face in Yoongi’s chest. Yoongi bit his lip and looked at Chaeyoung and the nurse. “Can we still see her?”The nurse nodded and gestured for the three of them to follow. Jimin clung to Yoongi excited and Seokjin trailed behind as they walked down another hallway and then turned. Along the wall of the hallway was a large glass window. Immediately, Jimin ran to it and put his hands against the glass.The nurse laughed and went through a door, leaving the four of them outside to look in. Jimin held Yoongi’s hand, face pressed against the window. Seokjin stood behind them, able to see over their heads. They could see multiple babies in different cribs throughout the room, each with name tags and different blankets. The nurse came into view and wheeled a crib decorated with pink closer to the window.Jimin burst into tears, clinging to Yoongi’s side again. Yoongi smiled happily and waved at the small baby in the crib though he knew the baby wasn’t looking at him. The baby was squirming, swaddled in a soft blanket.Jimin looked up as the baby yawned. Jimin squealed, laughing and giggling at the infant. He wiped the tears from his cheeks and put both hands on the window, looking down at the baby. “Hi, Jinmae,” he whispered.Yoongi looked back and forth from his husband to his baby and teared up. He sniffled and wiped his face. Seokjin noticed and smiled at him, putting an arm around the shorter’s shoulders. Yoongi rubbed at his eyes, smiling at Jimin’s wondrous expression.Jimin was between laughing and crying, face and hands against the glass. He was waving at the now sleeping baby, introducing himself and talking about how he couldn’t wait to bring her home. Yoongi held onto Seokjin’s jacket unconsciously, still smiling fondly at Jimin.~Yoongi practically had to pull Jimin away from the window. They had fed Jinmae and let the two new fathers watch, and Jimin nearly sobbed at how adorable it was. Jimin didn’t want to leave until he was able to hold and bring home their baby, but Yoongi assured him they would. When the younger got sleepy enough, Yoongi put his arm around his shoulders and led him out of the hospital, following Seokjin. Seokjin drove them home and Yoongi had to carry Jimin all the way to his bed.Jimin pulled Yoongi into bed next to him when the elder was finished changing the both of them. Yoongi smiled, kissing his forehead. Jimin fell asleep quickly and Yoongi followed, hiding his face in Jimin’s hair.



little jinmae and little jimin



“Okay, little one.” Yoongi opened the door to their home, baby carrier handle held tightly in his hand. Jimin was holding the handle as well, both of them too scared to not hold it properly. The two of them walked inside with Seokjin following behind. “Here’s your home,” Yoongi whispered.Jimin smiled happily, bending to look at their baby’s face. “Yoongs, she’s so… beautiful.”Yoongi smiled, nodding his head. “She is.” He used his free hand to wipe his eyes.Jimin and Yoongi carried the seat to the living room, settling it down on the table. Jinmae’s eyes were open and looking around at her new surroundings. Jimin was staring at her in awe, reaching out for the baby’s little hands. Yoongi smiled at Jimin before his daughter, putting a hand on one of her feet.Seokjin went into the kitchen almost immediately, gathering ingredients for dinner. “You guys have everything set for her, right? Everything? I’ll make you dinner for as long as I have to!”“Yes! Thank you, hyung!” Yoongi rested his head on Jimin’s, playing with Jinmae’s little toes until she giggled up at them. The sound brought tears to Jimin’s eyes.“Yoongi hyung?” Jimin asked, letting Jinmae wrap her fingers around his pinky finger.Yoongi hummed in response, not wanting to look away from Jinmae. She was cooing, fingers holding onto the blanket tucked around her tightly.“I love her.” Jimin smiled and sniffled, wiping his face on his sleeve.“I love her too. And I love you.” Yoongi kissed the side of Jimin’s head, nuzzling his nose into the younger’s hair.Jimin giggled slightly. He leaned forward and kissed Jinmae’s fist. “Yoongs, I want to hold her.”Yoongi nodded. He stood up, kneeling in front of Jinmae. He undid the buckles around her and pulled the baby into his arms, making sure to go slow and support her head. Gently, he sat next to Jimin and let him take Jinmae.“Hi, Mae.” Jimin smiled and kissed her forehead. Jinmae smiled up at him and made a gurgling noise in the back of her throat. Yoongi bit his lip, trying not to scream over how cute the two of them were.“Mae,” Yoongi whispered. He shook his head fondly and leaned over to kiss Jimin. Jimin grinned into the kiss, keeping his hold on Jinmae tight and supportive.“Do you like it?”“Yeah. I love it.” Yoongi looked down at the baby, smiling as wide as he could. “Hi, little Mae!”Jimin giggled and rested his head on Yoongi’s shoulder, rocking Jinmae slightly in his arms.~“I know you two are having, like, the best time ever,” Seokjin said as he came into the room, “but you and our little Jinmae here need to eat.”Yoongi looked up at Seokjin and smiled, nodding his head. He took the baby from a reluctant Jimin’s arms and settled her in her carrier.“I’ll stay with her. Can you get me food too?” Jimin asked, looking up at Yoongi with wide eyes. “I don’t want to leave Mae…”Yoongi chuckled and nodded, kissing the top of Jimin’s head. “Yeah. Stay here.”The two eldest walked into the kitchen and grabbed three plates. They piled food onto all three before bringing them out into the living room and settling them on the table. Yoongi ran back to the kitchen and grabbed a baby bottle, filling it with warm formula as quickly and safely as possible. When he got back into the living room, Jimin had a mouthful of noodles and he was puffing his cheeks out at Jinmae, making the baby laugh.“Alright, Jiminie. Eat now,” Yoongi said as he sat down. He dabbed a bit of the formula onto his palm to make sure it was the right temperature. Leaning forward, Yoongi poked at Jinmae’s cheeks lightly. The baby sensed the bottle near her mouth and began sucking on it, smiling happily.Jimin cooed as he ate another spoonful of rice. “Mae is so cute!”“Shh, Minnie. You’re gonna choke on your food,” Yoongi laughed. Jimin scrunched his nose at the elder.Seokjin was sitting on a chair, facing the two of them. His legs were crossed over each other and he was inhaling his food with a smile. “You two are already such good parents. I’m happy for you.” Seokjin leaned towards the baby carrier and whispered, “Good luck, Jinmae.”Jimin scrunched his nose at Seokjin and took a mouthful of noodles. He looked down at Jinmae and poked his cheeks, making a soft sound. Jinmae giggled happily around the bottle, her eyes squeezing shut.Jimin’s eyes lit up and he continued making faces, ignoring his food. Yoongi noticed immediately and held his hand up before Seokjin could scold Jimin for not eating.“Jiminie,” Yoongi warned. Jimin looked up at Yoongi with wide eyes, tilting his head slightly. “Daddy needs you to eat, okay? And then you can help me feed Jinmae.”Jimin gasped, a smile appearing on his face. “Okay!” Jimin grabbed his plate and pulled it into his lap, crossing his legs underneath him. He began eating his food diligently, glancing up at Jinmae every so often.Seokjin gave Yoongi an almost proud look, surprised at how well he was already handling both Jimin and Jinmae. Yoongi nodded in Seokjin’s direction, proud of himself.~“Daddy! She’s holding onto my finger!” Jimin giggled, poking the top of each of her tiny digits. Jinmae squeezed his thumb tighter, bringing it towards her mouth to suck on. Jimin laughed when he felt her tiny tongue twist around his thumb.Yoongi kissed Jimin’s forehead and nodded. “Look, Minnie. Her hands are even smaller than yours.”Jimin gave Yoongi an amused but still dirty look. He looked back at Jinmae and played with her cheeks, using his free fingers on the hand she was sucking on. “Jinmae,” Jimin sing-songed. “I love you, Mae Mae!”Yoongi couldn’t help the chuckle that escaped him. Seokjin was grinning adoringly at the baby. Yoongi raised his eyebrows at the oldest. “Hyung, you can go home if you’d like. I think Jinmae and Jimin will be tired out enough to sleep through the night. Or, at least Jimin will be.”Seokjin nodded. He said goodbye to all three of them after gathering up his things. Yoongi thanked him just as he left, closing the door behind him. The only sound left in the apartment were Jimin and Jinmae’s happy giggles. Yoongi let out a happy sigh and walked back to the living room in time to see Jimin clutching his stomach as he laughed at Jinmae’s happy expression.



oh my god shut up mae jk ily



“Oh, god. Please stop crying. Oh, god.” Jimin bit his lip and continued rocking Jinmae in his arms. She had been crying for over an hour straight. Yoongi was currently in the kitchen warming up some formula in hopes that it would finally calm down the baby. “Please.”Jimin leaned down and pressed a kiss to Jinmae’s forehead. It stopped her crying for a minute and she reached out to poke at Jimin’s cheeks. He smiled and laughed quietly, still rocking her slowly. One of her tiny fists rubbed at her eyes and she started crying again. Jimin sighed, his shoulders sinking.“Okay, okay.” Yoongi ran in, tapping the bottle on his wrist. “Here.” He sat down next to Jimin and leaned over, carefully placing the bottle in the baby’s mouth.Jinmae perked up and sighed, drinking from the bottle almost immediately. Yoongi sighed and put his forehead on Jimin’s shoulder. “Finally.”Jimin nodded and kissed the top of Yoongi’s head. He kept his eyes on Jinmae, smiling softly. He could actually feel the bags under his eyes dragging his lids closed. “Hyung, I’m sleepy.”“Do you want a nap?” Yoongi asked, sitting up and still holding the bottle in her mouth. “I can watch her for a while.”“Please,” Jimin begged, nodding.Yoongi smiled and took Jinmae into his arms, rocking her slowly as she drank from the bottle. “Go ahead.”Jimin kissed Yoongi’s quickly, practically sprinting to the bedroom. Yoongi watched him leave the room and chuckled when he heard Jimin hit the bed. He turned back to Jinmae and smiled, kissing her forehead. The baby giggled behind her bottle.~Yoongi shut his eyes and rubbed them with the heels of his palms. He whimpered quietly and leaned against the wall, trying to get his eyes to stay open. He was so tired.Jimin came stomping into the room, eyes bloodshot and hair a complete mess. He fell against Yoongi’s back and groaned. “Wanna sleep.”Yoongi nodded. The second the crying started again, he winced and hit his forehead against the wall. Jimin pouted up at him.“I’ll go get Mae.” Yoongi pushed past Jimin and started on the short walk down the hallway. The closer he got to their bedroom, the more his ears hurt from the screaming.Jinmae was thrashing in her crib unhappily, obviously uncomfortable. Yoongi leaned down to try and soothe her, but nothing had worked previously. They had tried changing her, feeding her, rocking her, even singing to her. She was just a fussy newborn.“Daddy~!” Jimin came stumbling into the room with his palms over his ears. “Make ‘er stop! Hurts,” he whined.“I know, pumpkin. I know.” Yoongi picked Jinmae up carefully, beginning to rock her again in hopes she might quiet down. She only screamed louder. He turned to look at his husband with a fuzzy, tired look in his eyes. “Why are you little, baby?”Jimin shrugged and his bottom lip stuck out further. “So tired.” He hung his head and shut his eyes, whimpering under his breath. It felt like his shoulders were being dragged down to the floor by weights.Yoongi nodded knowingly and started making shushing noises towards the baby. Jinmae used her tiny fists to rub at her eyes. Jimin padded up quietly behind Yoongi and peeked over his shoulder.“Baby.” Jimin pursed his lips. “No cry, baby Mae.” He reached forward to rub at her cheeks. Her crying quieted. “No cry.”Yoongi’s lips parted as he stared down at Jimin’s fingers rubbing circles into Jinmae’s chubby cheeks. After a minute or so, she giggled and hooked her tiny digits around Jimin’s thumbs.Jimin smiled sleepily. “No more cry.” He rounded Yoongi so he could place a gentle kiss on her forehead.The elder was frozen as Jinmae settled into his arms and closed her eyes. Jimin walked to their bed and flung himself on it, curling up and falling asleep as soon as his eyes were shut. Yoongi blinked down at the baby, utterly transfixed at her silence.Very, very slowly, Yoongi placed Jinmae back into her crib. He moved back, mouth still ajar, and let his hands fall to his sides. Jimin made a soft sound in his sleep and Yoongi turned to look at him.Yoongi couldn’t believe that after hours of screaming and crying, all Jimin had to do was go into his headspace and rub Mae’s cheeks.With a sigh, Yoongi climbed into bed next to Jimin. He figured that he should be asleep whenever Jinmae was too. He pulled Jimin to him, feeling as Jimin unconsciously gripped onto him, and shook his head in disbelief before letting sleep take over him as well.



everyone meets jinmae
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“Holy shit…” Jungkook said as walked slowly into the living room. His hands were covering his mouth and he couldn’t stop the gasp when his eyes landed on the baby’s face.“Right?” Jimin squealed and continued to rock Jinmae in his arms. His cheeks were dusted with bright, happy blush and his lips were stuck in a smile.Taehyung bounced up and down in his place while Namjoon and Hoseok stood next to him with huge grins. Seokjin and Yoongi sat on the couch with Jimin, both staring over his shoulders to see Jinmae’s face.“She’s so… perfect…” Hoseok grabbed onto Namjoon’s waist and rocked them side to side.Jinmae wrapped her fingers around Jimin’s and babbled happily. Immediately, Jimin’s eyes glossed over and his mouth opened. His toes wiggled against the carpet, his posture changed, but his supportive grip on Jinmae stayed.“Mae Mae.” Jimin bit his lower lip. He lifted the hand she was holding so she would have an easier time playing with his fingers. “Daddy, look!”Yoongi leaned over to kiss Jimin’s cheek. “I see, baby.”Taehyung hummed uncomfortably when he noticed Jimin was in his headspace and shifted on his feet. He felt jealousy in his gut. He pouted and looked over at Jungkook with a scrunched brow. Jungkook nodded his head.“You’re fine, Tae. Go ahead and go in.”Taehyung grinned all boxy and went to sit on the floor by Jimin’s feet. He stared up at the baby, eyes wide and just content to watch the baby from afar.“What about you?” Seokjin said with a bright smile, catching Hoseok’s eye.Hoseok scrunched his nose momentarily. “I’m not as weak as them.”Namjoon raised his eyebrows. “You’re not?” His eyes squinted in Hoseok’s direction. “Baby.”Hoseok pressed his lips together and made his hands into fists. He made a distressed noise in the back of his throat. Seokjin smiled and threw his arm over Hoseok’s shoulders, encouraging the younger to rest on him.“No, you’re not weak,” Namjoon teased.Hoseok gave Namjoon a big, fake pout and reached out for him, then pulled him closer to the two already cuddling.“Hey, baby?” Yoongi asked, resting his hand on Jimin’s thigh. “Let me take her, okay?”Jimin nodded and helped put Jinmae into Yoongi’s arms. Once she was settled again and staring up at Yoongi, Jimin leaned his cheek against Yoongi’s shoulder. Jinmae’s mouth opened and she reached up to play with a piece of Yoongi’s hair. The action made Jimin squeal and cover his mouth, then pull his knees up to his chest on the couch.“Daddy! Daddy, can I feed her? Daddy, it’s bottle time! Please!” Jimin held onto Jinmae’s tiny feet and enthusiastically smiled down at her.Yoongi nodded. “Sure, baby. Have Jin hyung help with the bottle, okay?”Seokjin held out his hand for Jimin to take, who did. They went into the kitchen and Yoongi was left with the others, still holding Jinmae.“She really is suuuuuper cute!” Hoseok hopped onto the couch and waved at the baby. “Hiiii~!”Taehyung nodded from his place on the floor. “So, so cute!”Yoongi cracked a wide smile and nuzzled his nose against Jinmae’s forehead. “She’s so pretty.”Namjoon grinned and shook his head, giving Hoseok a look. Hoseok giggled and tilted his head to rest it on Yoongi’s shoulder. He reached out to play with the blanket around her.“Yoonie hyung, you’re such a good dad.”Yoongi chuckled softly, keeping his eyes on Jinmae’s face. “I’ve been a dad for a few days.”“Jiminie counts!”Yoongi laughed. “Okay, sunshine. Thank you.” Hoseok responded with an adamant nod of his head.“Daddy! I have the bottle!” Jimin came skipping back into the room and jumped up onto the cushions. He leaned over. “Can I?”“Of course, pumpkin.”Yoongi used his free hand to position Jimin’s fingers over the bottle properly. Gingerly, he drew Jimin’s hand closer and they both let Jinmae catch the bottle with her mouth and start to drink. When her eyes closed and she cooed, Jimin’s smile softened and he gazed down at her with doe eyes.“I love her,” Jimin whispered. He stuck his tongue out, much like a blepping cat, and focused on feeding her.Yoongi kissed the side of Jimin’s head. “I love you.”Jimin giggled behind his free hand as everyone else groaned at the statement. Jinmae laughed behind her bottle at her daddy’s happy faces. She reached up and twirled a piece of Yoongi’s hair.“She a-always does that!” Taehyung sang from the floor. “She likes U-Uncle Yoongi’s h-hair!”Jimin tousled Yoongi’s new blue locks and laughed. “I do too, Daddy.”Jinmae babbled quietly. She tugged on his hair and squealed happily. Jimin giggled and took her hand to save Yoongi’s scalp, then kissed all over her little fingers. She continued drinking with a huge smile and closed her eyes. Jimin leaned down to peck her forehead while Yoongi watched fondly.Seokjin picked Hoseok up from the couch and took his seat, then pulled the little back onto his lap. Jungkook settled down on the floor with Taehyung. Just as Jinmae finished her bottle, she began nodding off in Yoongi’s arms. Yoongi quietly stood up, giving a look to Seokjin, and the oldest nodded, beginning to gather up everyone’s things.Yoongi held his hand out for Jimin to take. They walked to the bedroom to put Jinmae down for a nap. The bedroom door closed as the front door did, and the apartment was nice and quiet again.~Jimin tiptoed across the carpet with his arms out. He smiled and giggled softly as Yoongi gazed over at him. Jimin lost his footing and he held onto the couch.“Hey there, baby,” Yoongi muttered. He held out his hands.Jimin put his fingers in Yoongi’s hands and giggled. “Shhh, Daddy! Baby sleepin’.”“Mhm,” Yoongi agreed. He pulled Jimin into his lap and clutched his arms around the younger’s waist. “Gotta be quiet, my fairy.”Jimin blushed and covered his cheeks with his palms. He moved his hands to Yoongi’s face and squished his cheeks, making his lips puff out. Jimin gave him a kiss before shushing him again. “Quiet, Daddy.”“I am being quiet!” Yoongi whisper-yelled with a huge smile. “You be quiet~!”Jimin giggled and put his hands on Yoongi’s chest. He leaned forward and snuggled into Yoongi’s neck. “Okay,” he sang.Yoongi squeezed Jimin tightly and repeatedly kissed the side of his head. Jimin sighed happily as he settled into Yoongi’s arms. Yoongi rocked him back and forth, humming quietly and contently, relaxing until they’d inevitably have to take care of Jinmae again.



Chapter End Notes
im sick thats why i'm not updating quickly lndslfd i got hit hard w the flu


A Year Later
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Jimin held onto his sippy cup with one hand and pressed buttons on the toys surrounding him. They lit up dimly and played music out of their awful speakers, but it still made Jimin smile. Jinmae, who was sitting against the couch next to him, clapped her hands with a loud squeal.“Like it, Mae Mae?”Jimin pushed the toy closer to her. He sipped from his drink and held his elephant in his lap as he watched her tiny hands slam on the different coloured buttons. They all lit up and played music at the same time. Jinmae giggled harder.“You cute, Mae.” Jimin tilted his head down to place a gentle kiss on the top of her head, feeling her soft wisps of dark hair tickle his cheeks.Jinmae leaned forward on her palms and crawled closer to him. She looked up at him with big eyes and he felt his heart tug. Clumsily, she climbed into his lap and flopped across his legs. Her fingers played with the carpet on the side of his thigh and he giggled, poking her back.“Daddy, come look at Mae!”Yoongi walked into the room with a tray of snacks for all three of them and laughed when his eyes landed on their daughter. “She’s such an odd baby.”Jimin giggled and nodded his head. Jinmae hummed at the noise and rolled off of Jimin’s lap to begin crawling around on the carpet. Before she could get far, Yoongi had placed the tray down and picked her up. She wriggled in his arms before settling comfortably.“Hey, Mae.” Yoongi kissed her head and sat down on the couch. He held a small sippy cup to her mouth, which she happily took.Jimin turned to face his hyung from the floor, his own sippy cup still between his lips. “I like her.”“I know, baby.” Yoongi smoothed out Jinmae’s hair as she drank. “You’ve said that everyday for a year.”“‘Cause ‘s true.”Jimin put down his sippy cup and joined them on the couch. He poked at the pink bow on the top of Jinmae’s head. Her shirt, striped blue on cotton candy pink, matched Jimin’s striped pink on cotton candy blue. Yoongi had demanded for the matching outfits because his ‘babies needed to match’.“Daddy,” Jimin pouted. He reached up and pushed Yoongi’s hair back from his face.Yoongi hummed. “Yes, baby?” He glanced up at Jimin and smiled at his frown, mumbling something that sounded like, ‘cute’.Jimin rolled onto his side. “Hmmm.” He didn’t know exactly what he wanted. “Daddy.”“I’m listening, pumpkin.” Yoongi held Jimin’s hand with his free one. He rubbed his boyfriend’s knuckles with his thumb.“Just… Daddy.” Jimin closed his eyes.Yoongi laughed and shook his head fondly. He bounced Jinmae, now done with her cup, on his knee before laying her down next to Jimin. Jimin gasped before pulling her into his arms and snuggling her. She giggled happily and started getting herself comfortable.Yoongi threw a thin, soft blanket over the two of them and tucked them in. Jimin nosed the side of Jinmae’s head as she stared up at the ceiling, her hands playing with Jimin’s arm that gently laid across her tummy.“My babies,” Yoongi cooed. He bit his lip to try and keep himself quiet as they fell asleep.He moved himself to the nearby couch chair and picked up his book. It was hard to read with the two of them cuddled up so cutely right next to him. Eventually, he gave up on the story and settled for taking pictures of them to send to their friends later.



Chapter End Notes
one left,, ready??


Seven Years Later
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“Please tell me about Daddy!”Jimin scoffed with a grin. “I always tell you about Daddy.” He kept wiping down the kitchen table with disinfectant. “Why do you want to hear the same stories all over again?”“Appa, please. They’re funny!” Jinmae leaned forward, sliding her arms around the newly clean table. She laughed when Jimin scolded her.With a defeated sigh, Jimin nodded as he put away the cleaning materials. “Which story would you like to hear this time?”“Umm…” She swung her legs beneath the table. Jimin looked on expectantly from his place against the kitchen counter. “What about when you got married?”Jimin grinned. “That one?” Jimin started grabbing ingredients for lunch out of the cabinets. “Alright.”As he started on the food, he began the story. Jinmae looked unbelievably interested.“First, he proposed to me in the dumbest, cutest way ever.” Jimin smiled at Jinmae’s giggle. “We were laying in bed in the morning and he got all flustered and shy. He just mentioned it as, like, an off-hand comment,” Jimin chuckled. “But it’s okay, because the whole ‘getting down on one knee and pulling out a ring’ really isn’t your father’s thing.”Jinmae hopped up onto the table. Her legs continued to swing while she listened intently.“He gave me the ring in front of all your uncles though,” Jimin continued. He filled a pot with some water and put it on the stove. “He just pulled it out, no box or anything, and put it on my finger.”“Silly,” Jinmae laughed. “Daddy’s weird.”“Yes, he is,” Jimin agreed. He sighed with a bright smile. “When we got married, he was so frightened and completely flushed. He looked like he was gonna throw up everywhere. Which, I’m glad he didn’t, by the way — that would’ve been a lot of money to clean up.” Jimin tutted once he turned to see Jinmae on the table, but brushed it off.“He was shaking all the way to the podium, and, before Uncle Namjoon could even get a word out, your father started sobbing.”Jinmae burst into laughter. “He did?!” she asked, like she hadn’t heard the story before.“Mhm!” Jimin laughed as well. “He was blubbering all over me. Everyone was laughing, going ‘awww’… But then I asked him why.”Jinmae was on the edge of her seat. Her purple jeans, Jimin’s choice, hugged her legs and she fiddled with the hem her striped shirt.“He said, and I swear to God, this is word for word; ‘But you’re so pretty!’” Jimin giggled loudly at the memory as Jinmae did the same.“Hey,” Yoongi whined as he walked into the kitchen. His mouth was set into a frown, his brow was scrunched, and he huffed. “It’s not my fault you’re pretty. And it — it was our wedding! Of course I’m going to be emotional!”Jinmae laughed. “Daddy, you’re weird.” She scrunched her nose in his direction.He moved closer and tousled her long, dark hair. It was currently in two low braids on either side of her head, courtesy of Yoongi’s careful fingers earlier. After Yoongi’s attack, her bangs were messy and puffed up wildly across her forehead.“Yah,” Yoongi pretended to scold, a smile tugging at the corners of his lips. “Be respectful.” He pulled Jinmae into his arms lazily, letting her koala around him and hold onto him from behind. He jumped a bit to situate her better and walked over to the stove, then placed a kiss on the side of Jimin’s head.“Gross,” Jinmae cried. She played with Yoongi’s black hair absentmindedly.“You know, you did that as a baby.” Yoongi smiled softly. “Played with my hair.”“It’s so dead.” She pursed her lips and moved her fingers through it.“Aish,” Yoongi complained while Jimin laughed. He kept his arms under Jinmae’s legs, supporting her.Jinmae giggled. “Will you let me paint it pretty colours again soon?”“Sure, pumpkin,” Yoongi sighed.He slid her off of his back and moved her around to his front, bending down to throw his arms over her shoulders. She was tall for her age, and Jimin had expressed his reluctant excitement about her eventually growing taller than them both. He swayed them back and forth as he watched Jimin cook.“Did you have a nice nap?” Jimin asked, stirring the ingredients in the pot.“Mhm,” Yoongi responded. He surprised Jinmae by stooping down lower and lifting her, successfully throwing her over his shoulder. He grinned at her squeal. “Gonna go take another one with this little jerk.”Jinmae giggled and gently slapped her fists across his back. “Daddy!”Jimin laughed and shook his head fondly. “I’ll wake you two up when lunch is ready!”Yoongi grinned and walked out of the kitchen with Jinmae on his shoulder, who was half-heartedly complaining. He carefully threw her down on the couch and laid down next to her with a smug smile. She didn’t even try to get away, just laid there with a fake, overexaggerated sigh. He pulled a blanket over them and cuddled his daughter against him.“Weird Daddy.”“Shh, baby.” Yoongi couldn’t keep the genuine smile off his face. “Daddy’s napping with his angel now.”Jinmae smiled as well and curled up against him, finally closing her eyes too.“You two are too much alike!” Jimin called from the kitchen. “Stop napping all day, it’s not even two o’clock!”“Shh, Appa!” Jinmae giggled behind her hand. “Angel’s sleeping with Daddy!”“Atta girl,” Yoongi mumbled, brushing his fingers through her messy bangs to tame them again. They both chuckled again when they heard Jimin grumbling from the kitchen.It wasn’t until about thirty minutes later that Jimin woke them both up with amazing-smelling food that the two rose from the couch, black hair messy and frizzy from the cushions. Jimin smiled lovingly at them before placing their food down and urging them both to eat. He ate too, across from them so he could watch their adorable, sleepy, confused faces struggle to dig into their lunch.



Chapter End Notes
i,,, can't believe,,, it's over,,, oml,,,I hope y'all liked it as much as I did omg



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



