



Little Devil - Kneeshee - Multifandom
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Little Devil
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/16781695.
  


Rating:
Not Rated
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply, Underage
Category:
Gen
Fandom:
Under the Red Hood, Red Hood: Lost Days, Red Hood and the Outlaws (Comics), Batman - All Media Types, Batman (Comics)
Relationship:
Talia al Ghul & Jason Todd, Artemis of Bana-Mighdall & Bizarro (DCU) & Jason Todd, Roy Harper & Koriand'r & Jason Todd, Cassandra Cain & Tim Drake & Dick Grayson & Jason Todd & Damian Wayne, Jason Todd & Talia al Ghul & Bruce Wayne, Kyle Rayner/Jason Todd
Character:
Jason Todd, Roy Harper, Koriand'r (DCU), Artemis of Bana-Mighdall, Bizarro (DCU), Talia al Ghul, Sandra Woosan, Nyssa Raatko, Cassandra Cain, Stephanie Brown, Bruce Wayne, Tim Drake, Dick Grayson, Damian Wayne, Alfred Pennyworth, Kyle Rayner
Additional Tags:
Age Regression/De-Aging, Tiger Mom Talia, Talia is a good mother, Other Additional Tags to Be Added, Tags Are Hard, Talia Al Ghul Appreciation Week 2k18, Day Five
Series:
Part 1 of
Jamila's Adventures, Part 1 of
Demon Baby
Stats:

        Published: 2018-11-29
          Completed: 2019-09-17
          Chapters: 14/14
        Words: 39729
      

Little Devil
by Kneeshee
Notes
I posted this earlier since "publication date cannot be in the future"...




|one|
Chapter Notes
If you want to know more about this universe or see snippets of what I planned or just didn’t or will probably not make it into the story....Join me on my discord server.https://discord.gg/5ejGpQ



There was a toddler sitting on his kitchen counter.Jason stared at her.She stared at him.They stared at each other.“Are you honestly having a staring contest with a child,” a sharp, accented voice spoke from his left. Jason spun around subconsciously bringing forth the flame dagger to defend himself and the mystery child. Leaning calmly against his kitchen wall was Lady Shiva who seemed unbothered by the flaming dagger in his hand. Given that she could kill him without breaking a sweat, he had no trouble believing that was the case. The weirdness part was the diaper bag she had swung across her body. She looked almost maternal.“What the hell are you doing in my house,” he demanded, and he honestly wanted to know. He didn’t have the time for holes in his security. It was already hard enough to keep the damn bats away now he had to worry about assassins also?“Now that’s no way to speak in front of a child,” the assassin teased as she moved closer, and Jason tensed. His self-preservation was currently telling him to get the hell out of dodge.“There has been unrest in the League since the fall of Ra Al Ghul. In an attack orchestrated by the forgotten one, Nyssa, Mistress Talia has been regressed into her younger years.”And no. Hell no.Jason turned slowly back to the child. His mind wanted to cling to the denial, but it was all there. The sun-kissed skin. The wavy dark brown locks. Piercing green eyes. Not to mention the holier-than-thou sneer on her face.“T?” He heard himself question, and she turned her nose up at him with such a condescending air for her to be what 3 years old? Damn, how old was she exactly?He turned back to Shiva who was watching with a smile on her face, “Why did you bring her here?”A dark look crossed her face and he saw Talia interest piqued. “Because of her current state, she would be incredibly vulnerable to her enemies. She had left me with specific instructions to follow in case she was ever comprised. One would be to rule the League until such a time for her to reclaim the title. And secondly depending on the situation, to leave her in the hands of someone capable to protect her efficiently. Next to me, you are at the top of her list.”Jason barked out a laugh, “Me? Talia trusts me to watch her as a kid? She does remember how bad my own childhood was? I’m a shitty person to choose. Go give her to the Bat over something. He’d love another child to suit up for his war even if it is his baby mama and ex-fiancé.”“Lady Talia has him listed as her number one enemy. I’d be going against her trust and her orders by taking her to him. And neither of us would have him corrupt her the way he did either of our children.”She moved closer and pushed the diaper bag into his chest, “You have your orders from the Demon’s Head and proxy as the Demon’s Head.” Shiva turned to Talia who was watching the proceedings go down with an uninterested scowl. “Mistress Talia, I shall take my leave now though I have not left you unprotected. You will be in the care of a great warrior, the Red Hood. The Last Living Member of the All Caste and Heir to the Demon.”Jason’s jaw dropped, “Heir to the what? Since when have I been the Heir to the Demon’s Head? I thought that was brat’s title!”Shiva seemingly ignored him until she received a sharp nod from Talia which she took as her cue for dismissal. “It was your mother’s declaration of you being her chosen heir that lead to the attack. Nyssa wouldn’t have bothered if she hadn’t chosen you.”Jason glanced back at Talia who seemed to be sizing him up when he turned to look back at Shiva… she was gone. Goddamn ninjas.“Alright, T. Let’s try to make the most of this.”By the look on her face, Jason was regretting crawling out of his grave.--Jason had always wondered if the brat’s attitude was because of how he was raised. Someone raised as a prince to one day rule the world with a larger than life superiority complex.Now he’s realizing that it had to be hereditary. If Damian was the demon brat, then Talia was the devil. There was no such thing as peace with her. She wanted to explore everything in his house. And he was so glad to have chosen one of his better safehouses. One of the ones where it didn’t seem like he spent his nights shooting scum and running across rooftops.Talia started her day off by launching herself off the counter and nearly giving Jason a heart attack. She completed her jump expertly though and landed soundlessly. Still didn’t stop Jason from feeling like he was about to die… again.What the fuck did he get himself into?--In hindsight strolling up to the Manor with a squirming ninja baby strapped and duck taped down wasn’t one of his finest ideas. But seriously, if Ra Al Ghul was still alive, Jason would shoot the fucker in the head. He seriously taught escape techniques to a toddler? Wasn’t this the age parents tried to get the little leashes and things in hopes of keeping the still? The little devil also had a nice piece of duct tape over her mouth but that was besides the point. (At least his hand had finally stopped bleeding. What the fuck does she floss with? Her swords?)Alfred had looked nearly faint when he opened the door to see Jason with a baby. And he immediately got the wrong idea when he thought that Talia was his child. If it weren’t for the duct tape, he’s pretty sure that Talia would let him know exactly how she felt about that theory.“No, Alf.  She’s not mine,” he started as he pushed the stroller through the door. He dutifully ignored the disapproving expression on the old man’s face. “Where’s B and the others?”“Where they always are, sir,” Alfred replies dryly. “And Master Richard wonders why he’s losing his tan.”Jason chuckled, but still went to one of the entrances of the Batcave. The one with the elevator. Alfred follows him trying to maintain his British stoicism but couldn’t quite damper his curiosity. All the present Bats turned to look at the elevator jaws dropping at the sight of Jason and the baby.“Little Wing,” Dick croaked. “You have a kid?”You know what? Fuck this.“This is Talia. She got de-aged.”Damian and Bruce froze. Both turned to the little girl who glared heatedly at them. Jason bent down and remove the tape gently from her mouth. “Talia, this is Batman and his partners.”The little girl sniffed disdainfully, and one Arabic word came tumbling out of her mouth, “Unworthy.”The look on their faces were worth the bloody hand he had received earlier. “Todd, I demand you tell me what happened to my mother!”Jason ignored the brat and turned back to the actual devil. He looked her in the eyes, “Alright, T, I’m going to untie you now. You be good, and I’ll get you some more of chocolate covered strawberries.”Talia pursed her lips in consideration before she nodded seriously. He made the mental note to go buy some more strawberries.“Do you know what happened,” Jason heard Tim ask in the background. Jason shook his head, “Nah, Sandra dropped her off saying there was an attack at the compound after she named the heir to the league.”Jason placed Talia on his hip and turned to look at the others. Each of them wore a calculating expression on their faces that he didn’t like not one bit. Well except for Damian who just seemed uncomfortable with the sight of his regressed mother and Dick who was trying to wrap his head around the fact that Jason was on first named basis with an assassin.“Isn’t it supposed to be Damian? Why would she name him the heir when everyone already knows?” Barbara commented from the video screen on the Bat computer, and Jason could only shake his head. He felt a small hand on his face and he opened his eyes to look at the mini version of his mother figure. Fuck, even as a baby, she looked dangerously worried about him.“The brat was supposed to be Ra’s heir… not Talia’s,” he commented. He didn’t need them knowing that he was the heir. He still couldn’t believe it.“Well who’s the new heir,” the replacement inquired needing to know the details. Jason scowled, “That’s not important. What is important is that my mom is now a child and her psycho sister is trying to kill her!”“Since when is Talia your mom,” various voices demanded, and a part of Jason felt satisfaction at the way Bruce twitched when he announced his association to the now little devil beside him.“That’s what you got out of that,” Jason scoffed in disbelief. “You all think I’m fucked up in the head.”



|two|
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Jason stared down at the girl bowing before him. She was a foot and some inches shorter than him standing at a solid five feet. Her once milk chocolate colored hair was fanning around her face, but he didn’t concentrate on that. No, he paid attention to the white strip curling through her hair. He had no doubt that if she were to look up then her eyes would be glowing green.

“My apologies for declining to answer your messages,” she stated into the night. “I had not known that it was the Born-Again Prince that was attempting to contact me.”

“Mila,” he groaned exasperated. Jamila Al Ghul. Daughter of Nyssa Raatko and Slade Wilson after Ra Al Ghul decided to play mad scientist with his daughter’s genes. Sister to Conner Hawke/Al Ghul/Queen whichever one he was going by these days. The only friend he had made while in Talia’s care. “I told you to stop calling me that.”

“Did you honestly think that I was going to stop, dear cousin,” she questioned as she stood from her crouch. The two of them stared at each other before folding into a hug. It had been awhile since they had last seen each other. “Are the rumors true? Are you the new Heir to the Demon?”

Jason grimaced, “Yes. And before you ask, so are the rumors about Nyssa attacking Talia.”

Jamila sneered, “I always knew Mother held no honor. Despite my resentment of him, I am thoroughly grateful that Grandfather chose not to reveal my existence to either of my parents.”

Jason sighed and ran a hand across his face, “Despite everything, T is doing well and she’s safe. I need a favor from you though.”

His cousin slouched a little and crossed her arms, “The Big and Bad Red Hood needs a favor from mwah? Oh, whatever shall it be?”

“No need for the snark,” Jason crossed his own arms looking at her. Jason didn’t want to know how she ended up a predicament where her natural green eyes glow from the power of the pit. He knew there had always been something special about her, but this—this was a fresh hell. He could the power of pit reaching for him as he recalled his own encounter with the magical waters. He knew though that she could overcome the effects. She’d beat it into submission before letting it control her. “I need someone to be out there getting me intel. I need a link to the League so I can know Sandra’s progress on helping T, and if she needs any backup. My sources are limited right now with the Outlaws handling other missions. I’m going to also need someone with ears on the ground for whatever it is Nyssa might be planning.”

“And pray tell, why you cannot do this yourself?”

“From what I’ve been told, I’m the reason that Nyssa attacked Talia. If I step outside of Gotham, then I’m going to have eyes on me everywhere. I need to keep a low profile.”

Jamila ran a hand through her hair before humming and looking him over, “The wishing well near Ivy’s Garden. Whatever information I managed to get then that’s where I’m going to leave it.”

“Don’t you want to be the Heir instead, Mila?”

“Not a chance in Heaven or Hell,” she scoffed even though there was twinge of something in her voice.

Moving towards the edge of the rooftop that the two of them were standing on, Jamila turned to look at him even as the breeze picked up and blew her hair through the air. She looked like something out of a fairytale as she regarded him with such a fierce expression that soften into something almost gentle, “Jason, do be careful. You may not be my cousin by blood, but you are the cousin of my heart. I will destroy the world thrice over if it meant that you keep some happiness.”

She fell backwards off the edge before he could give promise to her words. But he watched as she appeared a few buildings over and heading away from the streets of Gotham and he wonders if she can hear his silent pleads that she do the same.

--

Jason slipped through the window of his old room when he made it back to the manor. He spared a quick glance at his old bed and found Talia still lying there sleeping peacefully. She looked peaceful even if she still looked like a warrior princess. 

Sighing deeply, Jason wanted to tear his hair out. He needed to find a way to her back to her rightful age as soon as possible. But…but a part of him wanted to delay it for as long as he could. He knew that she didn’t have a good childhood despite the riches that her father had spoiled her with. Jason just wanted to give her the childhood she should have had instead of the one she was forced to live. 

He wanted to show her that there was so much more to life than training and murder and learning the difference in the metals placed in her hands.

Removing his boots and armor from his body, Jason slipped into the bathroom to change into more comfortable clothing. Checking to see if Talia was still asleep, Jason moved the floorboards and placed the small amount of weapons that he carried on his person back in their place. With one last check on his charge, he reestablished the rigged security system that he placed on the window. Bruce and the other had been so sure that the motion detectors would catch anyone sneaking onto the premises, but Jason learned his way around those from the moment he put on the pixie boots. At least with his security, whoever might try to break it would lose their fingers and then their life when Jason arrived to catch them. 

Talia had sacrificed everything for him. It’s only right that he repays the favor.

Making his way out of the room with one more glance Talia, he closed the door softly. When he turned around, Cass was standing there. He quirked an eyebrow. “Guard duty,” was all she said.

He gave her a nod of acknowledgement as the two of them continued down the hallway. They made their way to the kitchen where the rest of the family had gathered before Jason had left to make contact with Mila. He had been lucky that she was already on this side of the continent. 

Three days had already passed, and Jason was no close to figuring out how to reverse whatever had been done to Talia. All the scans done on her had proven that she was Talia Al Ghul, but there had been nothing to even give a hint on what happened to her. No magical signature. No anomalies in her blood. Nothing. Not even multidimensional or time travel energies.

They had absolutely no knowledge if it was magic, science, or even technology that made her this way. Jason was getting frustrated, and slightly panic at the fact that he might have to become a dad.

 “Ah, Master Jason, welcome back. Have a seat. I’ll bring out something for you,” Alfred greeted, walking off before Jason could protest. Shaking his head with a fond smile, he followed Cass into the dining room where the rest of the family were waiting. 

“I’m just saying Bruce, we shouldn’t be distributing so many resources to help that-that woman after all she’s done to this family. It’ll be for the best to keep her as she is. At worst with our help, we can keep her from turning into the Talia we know today and at best, we can just ship her off to another family.”

Jason paused as the world surrounding him flickered in color. It had been years since Jason had felt any effects from the pits. Maybe it had ignited after seeing the evidence on his cousin or maybe the anger he was feeling at Barbara’s words were strong enough to relight it. Either way, he could feel it nipping at the back of his mind... Staying there. Stagnant. It was more of a tool for him to use instead of a leash to control him.

“Look Gordon, I get you have your issues with Talia. But you don’t know jackshit about her and if you speak another word about her, then I’d happily show you exactly just how you’re not actually all that great.”

The rest of them startled not having noticed him come in, but he only had eyes for Barbara. He looked up to her. Cherished her even. She was his batgirl. 

But Talia was his mother and he won’t stand for any ill will to her.

“Jason, what Babs was trying to say—” Dick began, but Jason rose a hand in the air. “She can speak for herself, Dickie, and she made it perfectly clear how she felt. I’m making it known how I feel, and I won’t stand for any slander against her. You can speak about whatever problem you have with her on your own time, but so long as she’s here… so long as I am here, then you will keep your thoughts to yourself or leave her wellbeing to me and go back to playing with your computers.”

There was a lull in the conversations around them as tension built into the air. Jason and Barbara held a small staring match as she tried to gauge how serious he was, and he expertly conveyed the threat in his eyes to the next person that spoke on Talia negatively. He knew the things that Talia’s done, but they didn’t know her like he did, so they had no right to judge.

 Babs nodded her head at him before turning away. Jason took a deep breath and mentally pushed the pit away. He had been doing good and he didn’t need a relapse.

He kept on to his seat and thank Alfred as he placed his food in front of him. He said a quick blessing over his food just like Talia had demanded of him before he slowly began to it.

“Um, Jason, what did your contact say,” he heard Timmy ask from his seat. Jason looked up to see him typing furiously on his computer with one hand and reaching for the coffee cup that Cass was carefully keeping away.

“Not much to be honest. I didn’t press for much either. She’s really picky about her information and she’d have disappeared quicker than the Flash if I did. But what she did manage to tell me was that the rumors of the Nyssa’s attack was spreading quickly, and there were already inquiries about the new Demon Head’s Heir.”

Everyone’s brow furrowed. To know that there was someone out there that might be getting ready to start the biggest war in the criminal world was frustrating. They didn’t know who they were looking for or what to expect from them.

“Well, did she at least tell you who the Heir was,” Stephanie questioned. All eyes turned to him and he narrowed his eyes at her. He took great care of what he alluded with his body language before he answered. Heaving a deep sigh and taking on a look of exasperation, he set his fork down and ran a hand through his hair.

“I already knew who the Heir was and believe me when I say they want nothing to do with the title.”

Tim went back to typing on his computer, “Still it would be good know who the Heir is just in case they cause trouble later down the line.”

Jason scowled at the brat, and here he thought Timmy was his favorite. He then sent a silent prayer of forgiveness to Jamila and he swore he could her sharpening her knives and cursing at him. Jason sighed as if he was exhausted with the topic and didn’t want to let this particular amount of leverage go. “Her name’s Jamila. You’d probably find better information on her if you looked up Death Demon. It’s her code name, but she’s even more of a ghost in the underground world than the Winter Soldier from your comics, Timmers. But she is real. I met her a couple of times while training with the League. She put a knife to my throat and told me to stop killing all of her teachers before she got finished punishing them.”

“Am I the only one trying to figure out why Jason seems to be on first name basis with assassins,” Dick exclaimed incredulously.

Jason snorted, “I was one myself, Dickhead. I worked directly under Talia before she let my leash go and set me out on the world. Hell, in some parts, I’m still considered one. There are many places that are living in fear afraid of the Red Ronin to come back and rain down vengeance.”

“I don’t think that’s something to be proud of,” Duke muttered from his spot at the table even as he could clearly see Tim’s fingers paused before they began to fly over his keyboard.

Small patter of feet caught everyone’s attention and Jason looked over to the doorway to see Talia peeking in. Her features were twisted in a scowl and Jason was sure that only he and Cass could see the fear lurking in her eyes.

Talia disappeared as he rose up from his seat and catching her attention. When he sat back down, he pushed his chair away from the table to catch the small body that landed in his lap. 

“Hello, 
تاليا
,” he muttered as he scooted back near the table. She laid her head on his chest and whispered, “Hello, Jason” in English. Jason nearly cried with joy. In the past three days alone, she had spoken in French, Spanish, German, Greece, Swahili and Chinese. Sometimes she would switch languages mid-sentence. It was nice to know that she could speak English also though he still felt like a scolded kid whenever she rose a brow at him when he stumbled from her dialect switch.

He handed her the fork in his hands and let her eat the fruit off his plate. Another thing everyone learned was that she was a vegetarian. But she had spoken to him in silence and broken words that Ra had already been training such weakness from her and forcing her to eat meat. She hates it but she won’t go against her father.

“Hi, Talia. I’m Stephanie!”

Right, despite that they had been here for three days coming and going because like hell was, he going to spend the night at the manor… Talia successfully managed to avoid everyone in the house. Everyone except Alfred and Tim that is. She had told him that watching them concentrate on their task was soothing and orderly. It reminded her of home.

She looked up at Stephanie with a blank stare before looking back at Jason. “It’s up to you.”

“Bright.”

Jason nodded his head, “Hey, Steph. Tone it down a little.” He looked backed down at Talia who nodded her head. “Hello, Stephanie.” The girl in questioned almost squeal in delight before the rest of them started to introduce themselves.

When Damian introduced himself, Talia blinked before leaning his direction. She turned back to Jason, “He looks like Mother’s brother. Family?”

Jason pretend not to notice the emotions in Damian’s eyes. He knows that the boy knows little of his Grandmother’s family. “He is my brother.”  


“Potential,”

 she stated with a raised brow. “Worthy of Nobutora name.”

Talia smiled lightly at Damian before she disappeared from his lap and the sound of her feet were heard back in the hall as she headed back to the room. Jason turned to look at Damian who was staring after his mother with a shocked look on his face.

“She had never told me that before.”

Jason crouched down beside him, “It doesn’t mean it’s not true.”

He ruffled the kid’s hair and gave thanks to Alfred for the dinner. He walked out of the room with everyone else wondering what Talia told Damian. “Call me if you get a lead or anything,” he called behind him.

He needed to get back to his apartment and give Talia her bath before they settled in for the night. The Bats could handle patrol for one more night.




Chapter End Notes
There is little to no knowledge about Talia's mother. Some says she dies giving birth to Talia and others say that Ra killed her. I'm going with that she was there for Talia up until the point she died of natural causes. I placed Talia at the age of fifteen when her mother dies from sickness and as Ra doesn't think too much of her refuses her access to a Pit. Talia was supposedly born to a daimyo’s daughter. So I'm going to write to write her as the great-granddaughter of Takeda Nobutora who was a daimyo and his son Takeda Shingen was a pre-eminent daimyo. She would be the daughter of Kenshouin. So Google states Kenshouin died in 1622 which when I'm going to infer that is when Talia is born. Following my little headcannon, Kenshouin didn't die... she was kidnapped by Ra and she helped raise Talia and telling her stories of their family name. It's a part of her that Talia holds dear and does not care to share with anyone not even her son. She doesn't remember Damian the same way she remembers Jason. She barely remembers Jason. She only recognizes him as a worthy warrior and someone she cares about. And she knows he is the heir to the Demon as far as Talia is concerned, her Father is still the leader so she thinks that Jason is a brother that she's just now meeting. Acknowdleging that Damian looks like one of her Mother's brothers, she will assume that Damian is also her brother. She looks at him as sees potential to be worthy of her family's name because that's who she bases her worth on at the moment.


|three|



A week had come and gone since The One That is All left her sister in the False Heir’s care. One week and Nyssa had not gathered anymore news. Oh, she had people following the one called Death Demon after receiving word of her interactions with the False Heir. Though it was few since the girl had taken to either torturing or straight out killing the ones following her.Nyssa snarled in anger as her technicians picked up on her people dancing alongside the borders of Gotham. They were not welcomed there. Her dearest sister had placed elaborate traps keyed into Nyssa’s most used frequencies.She’d do anything to protect the False Heir.If any of them stepped a foot in that city, they would die immediately. The boy held no claim over the title, yet Talia just gave it away. As if it were a toy and not a title of prestige.Nyssa will kill the imposter, and then her sister. She will claim the Demon Head’s title and she will get her wonderful little boy back. He was a Prince to be raised in the highest regard. He was destined to rule the world. Not run around in spandex and tights in the slums of alley ways.“Mistress, we’ve got a location for the Lazarus Prince.”Nyssa spun around immediately. “Well then. It’s about time. Lead me there.”--Piercing green eyes tracked the Red One (Jason, his name is Jason) around the room. He seemed agitated. Something was wrong. He had received a call from someone named Basil. He changed his clothing into something different. (A suit, he called it) He pulled up a magical screen where images of other people spoke to him.She turned her head to look at the Silent One (Cass. She said her name was Cass). She was the only one besides Jason to speak with her without words. The girl was more fluent than she and Jason, but she made it easier to speak with.She was also worried about Jason. He was getting incredibly angry.“Mr. Wilson, I assure you that I know exactly what I am doing. Mother wouldn’t have left me in charge otherwise. We will move forward with these propositions just as she had planned. If there aren’t any more concerns, then this call is just a waste of all our time. I will be sure to inform Mother of the undermining that is taking place inside of this board. Either do your job as you are supposed to, or I will see to it personally that you are blacklisted in every position. I will have you covered in so much red-tape that it would be the only color you know.”There had been a dark presence seeping out of him. Talia could see the Silent One tense as if waiting for a blow to strike. Talia was confused. Jason was only acting as the Demon Head’s Heir. Father was similar though his presence was more menacing than Jason’s.“If that will be all gentlemen, I have more important things to deal with.”Taking a deep breath, he made the magical screen disappear as the darkness faded into the background. She had never seen Father do that. His presence spilled over everything and everyone. It was only because of Mother that Talia hadn’t taken some for herself. But with Jason as the Heir and his ability to control it, then there will be no need for Talia to have that. Will it?She will take some just in case.When Jason turned to look at her, he didn’t look like the Heir. He looked like the kindhearted brother he had been for the past few days.“Cass, can you watch T for me? I have an errand to run. It shouldn’t take long.”Talia didn’t want to be separated from Jason especially not in what he stakes as their safe place. She trusted the Silent One’s skill only when they were at the castle, but this she and Jason’s home.She will bring forth the dangers of underestimating the daughter of the demon.--It had been a week since Jamila had left though he had heard the rumors that the Death Demon had been spotted countless times in Gotham. Though they really couldn’t be counted as rumors considering that she tended to take selfies with her victims or the working girls she took to protecting when she was there.B and the others had only been made aware of her presence at his wording, but Jason knew that Jamila had long since dug out her place in the Gotham’s underground. Even in his empire, she was known to be viscous. Red Hood may not kill anymore. Red Ronin may be retired, but as long as he had his cousin… then he had no worries about his streets.Jason raced across the rooftops towards Ivy’s park.He loved his cousin, but he knew how she could be. She tended to rub Pamela the wrong way despite her weird frenemy relationship she had going with Harley. “She’s cool, but like her ex-boyfriend killed you and she stayed by his side. And I know all about abusive relationships, but I can’t get over it. Especially when you count in the fact that she helped as a distraction.”Jamila was protective like that, but that didn’t stop her from sneaking into Arkham and beheading Joker. She claimed it was on Talia’s orders but the bloodthirsty smile on her face and the bloody clothes she had still worn suggested otherwise.It didn’t take long for him to make it to Ivy’s garden. He noticed the villainess tending to some of her plants quietly. She looked up when he landed in front of her.“Are you here for another branch of Aloe Vera? I believe I have some in the back.”“I wasn’t here for that… at first. But I can definitely use some. But I was also so wondering if my cousin dropped off anything?”Ivy huffed. She also had a weird relationship with Jamila. They were friends but they always argued over Jamila using the plants she gets from Ivy for poisons. She never wanted anything else.“Mm. Yes, she left an envelope. She also left with some sage. That was surprising,” the scientist replied as she stood up. Jason followed her careful to watch out for the rose petals blooming as Ivy walked.Jason sat quietly at her table as she passed him the letter before searching through her aloe vera plants. She wanted to find one of the good branches.“You know, Pam, my ma business is looking for botanist. She doesn’t care for criminal history. If you’re interested—”Ivy turned to look at him with suspicion in her eyes. She opened her mouth to either declined or curse him before attacking but he quickly raised his hand in surrender. “It’s just a thought. I’ll ask my cousin to spare some time to give you more information. But you can say no. No one is going to try to force you to do something you don’t want to.”Ivy hummed quietly before passing him a branch. “I will think on it. Do tell your cousin that I will like to hear from her soon.”Jason nodded his head and gave his thanks before leaving to head back to his deaged mother.--
To the Born-Again Prince,

This is the first week’s update of news regarding your situation. I have successfully managed to siphon out a handful of culprits that could be possible suspects.  From what I have gathered, it seems your problem is either science based or magical. I wouldn’t be surprised if it were a mixture of both. This is Mother we are talking about after all.

Speaking of the Forgotten One, she has sent her people to trail after me. I have shown them exactly why I earned the honor to bear the title of the Death Demon. She also has her mercenaries stationed on the outside of the borders of Gotham. She has been creating havoc in Bludhaven.  I wouldn’t be surprise if that Blue Idiot takes off to fight them. 

Do try to keep a leash on that one. It’s a trap. She wishes to draw you all out. 

I will also like to inform you to check in on my brother. I do not know what it is exactly, but my instincts scream for me to go after him. Which is confusing… I have never met him so why do I care?

Furthermore, there are pictures and detailed analysis of the suspects that I have found. Look over them. I will wait one week for your answer before I move on with my own plans.

Your darling cousin, 

Death Demon
--Jason sat on his couch going over the information that Jamila provided. At least three of them will end up at the end of this week. Not because Jason ordered it if they didn’t supply suitable information, but because Jamila took a strong offense to misogynist serial rapists and organ traffickers.From what she could find, many of the men have had multiple contact with Nyssa over the past two months alone.Jamila has noticed that they are all only at least an hour away from each other. It was either bad planning or a convenient trap she noted in her reports.At least he managed to narrow down the causes. He sent off a quick email to Tim to get in contact with Zatanna. He just needed her to do a scan over Talia one more time than anything else. Maybe it was something that was mixed in and hidden under other things that kept the initial scans from getting a read.There will be more problems than solutions if this turned out to be science based. Mainly because of the water of the Lazarus pits that flows through Talia’s bloodstream. More so when she was an adult than she is now. He will need to get a blood sample from Tiny Talia and cross reference it with the few samples he has of her adult form.He looked up from his papers to the sound of giggling. There had been a stunned paused. When he glanced over, he saw Talia in the ballet outfit that Cass had instructed him to buy on the way back. Again, it was incredibly strange to see Talia in such a way.She would surely kill him for the off-brand fabric that the tutu was made of. She only believed in the finest silks and satins. And she loved personally handcrafted material. She had stated once you could tell a person’s heart and soul from the things they created personally.Talia was standing there frozen as if she couldn’t believe that sound had just came out of her mouth. Jason smiled just a little before heading in their direction. He could always look over the rest of the files later.“Well aren’t you beautiful,” he told her. She turned to stare at with the same confused and awed look on her face.“Something wrong. Sound is new,” Jason would be worried about her speaking in broken sentences if he didn’t also know that she managed to read his Jane Austen and Charles Dickens books without stumbling.“You were giggling. It means laughing lightly and repeatedly in an excited, nervous, or silly way. You were excited about dancing like Cass, so you giggled in your excitement. It’s not a bad thing.”She scrunched her nose up before accepting his words. Jason picked her and gave a nod to Cass who was packing up her own things. “How about we go fix some brownies and then head over to the Manor? I’m sure Damian would be happy to spend some time with you.”Talia perked her head up. She was fascinated to know that she had another brother besides Jason. Mother didn’t really talk about Jason, but she was delighted to get to know him as well.But first, brownies. She loved watching Jason cook and tasting the food. The last time she had tried to do so when she was with Father, the cook poured hot water on her hands. Talia killed him on Father’s orders, but it was not an event she liked to repeat.--Nyssa took slow and sure steps to the young man that had grown to look so much like her and her ex-husband. He was the perfect blend of them both. He was her pride and joy. He was her Prince.He was resting comfortably in the bed that her subordinates brought him too. The horse tranquilizers were sitting on the bed beside her and she knew it would soon be time for another doze. The Lazarus waters in his blood washed away the effects much too fast for her.She sat down on the bed beside him and ran her hand through his curls. Her precious baby boy. He would grow stronger and more perfect by her side. They will change the world to the ultimate Utopia. Her father would be proud of her.“Soon, my son. We will reign supreme.”



|four|



Sitting alongside a cliff front, Jamila watched peacefully as multiple bases went up in flames. She had a taco in one hand and her favorite Zastava M76 sniper gun in her lap. Couldn’t let stranglers get away, right. There were three different men hogtied and unconscious in the trunk of her vehicle. She had the absent thought that she should give chase to the women that escaped.She was always up for a game of cat and mouse. Especially since her aunt had been regressed in age, she put all in her energy into finding the idiots that turned their backs on the Al Ghul name. It taken her weeks to track them down to this little village hidden away in the outskirts of Bavaria.But if she caught them now, she might never know the what secret goodies they could be hiding. It didn’t even really matter. The trackers she injected in their bloodstreams would have to be enough.Finishing her food, Jamila stood slowly as she contemplated her choices. It would take her at least three days to get back into the Americas through the underground ways. And depending on where she ended up, it would still take her time to make it back to Gotham. She would get a head start if she left now.She had the absent thought to go shopping through the black markets when she makes it to the first checkpoint. She did have a few things to buy, sell, and trade.Jamila could feel fury building within her as she drew closer to her chosen vehicle. The world was tinted green as she thought about the absolute scum on the inside. A bunch of vultures that preyed on the weak and the innocent. Each of them had a personal hand in compromising her beloved aunt.She will make them rue the day they turned against her family. She will show them what happens when one goes against the House of Al Ghul. When Jamila was done with them, they’ll be begging for death. For mercy. But she will not fold. No, instead, she will give them to her cousin. Death Demon may be considered a monster… a viscous ghost, but no one had ended up on the Red Ronin’s bad side and lived to tell the story.Jamila may be the demon of death, but Jason had always been something greater.She may be cruel and ruthless, but he was untouchable. Unstoppable. She could recall being on a mission with him, and their target spent each and every day begging for reprieve until they had finally caved to the cousins’ demands.At the time, she had been frustrated yet simultaneously impressed. The man had been able to hold out from the various wounds that Jason left on his person. She could almost still hear the screams and chokes emerging from their target as Jason cut off three fingers and four of his toes. She could remember the pleads and the light whisper of his voice as he tried to hold for life as Jason removed his left kidney and eyeballs and the rudimentary tonsil removal surgery.Jamila remembered the smile that crossed her face as Jason walked away while the man bled out to finish their mission.Mm. Yes, Red Ronin will give them the most suitable punishment.--When news reports came rolling in about a hidden village in the outskirts of Bavaria going up in flames during the night, Jason hadn’t been the least be of surprised. He kept a blank face even as the others looked positively sick at the kill count when Jason logged onto his account on the dark web and saw Jamila’s name moving up the list of badass villains and clientele.(It had been a risk to log in on the Batcomputer, but Brainiac and a bunch of other “villains” worked in schedules to keep the “heroes” out and unless B and Babs were up twenty four seven with no naps or coffee breaks then they wouldn’t be able to keep up.)Seemed like Jamila was having fun.He had received a message from her through their unused channels that morning. She had some gifts for him. And considering that they rarely used those lines, the message made it to him a few days after her sending it. Knowing her, she’d be arriving in Gotham soon using the cover of the lunch hour to keep unwanted attention away. He had the absent thought of which safehouse she would go to, but considering that she brought presents, she’d more than likely go to Outlaw HQ.Either way, he needed to find a suitable sitter for Talia. Knowing Jamila, whatever she brought would violent in all sorts of ways and Talia didn’t need to see that. She wouldn’t see it as long as he was around. Maybe he could convince the brat to stay at home for the night. He seems to be enjoying the stories that Talia tells him about his grandmother’s family.--Sitting outside of Gotham’s city line sat a seemingly innocent warehouse. Only seemingly because at the moment hidden deep in the depths of the building and down to the lowest level sat the Demon of Death as she gazed silently at her captured prey. She had little else to do as she had already unpacked her bags and stored her weapons and unearthed her fun-kit.A wicked smile crossed her features when one of the perpetrators awoken. Her eyes glittered like emeralds in the darkness and she relished in the fear that crept into his eyes. It was wonderful. It was brilliant. They will all pay dearly for their crimes.Fear had always been one of her greatest weapons and she let a slow and gentle chuckle escape her as the man pressed himself backwards. You didn’t grow up in a family like hers without knowing how use someone else’s emotions for your own good.She stood slowly letting the shadows wrap around her as she made her way closer to the cell. She let a presence so demonic within her out for play. The man in front of her outright whimpered.Jamila could not wait to see how petrified they all would be when Jason got there. She could almost taste the dread in the air.Speaking of her cousin, she scowled as she read the message that appeared on her phone. It would be awhile before he made it. A while before she could play.Jamila wished that none of this had ever happened. She wished that everything could go back to normal. This was all her fault and her aunt paid the price.Gazing across the room, she let her facial features draw into a blank mask. This was all her fault. She let out a growl as her fists clenched before she punched them into a wall. Her eyes were darkened with fury before she snapped her head towards the awakened man when he let out a small cry.She will end him, and then she will go after her mother. She will make the woman pay, and she will make her beg for forgiveness from her aunt.And for anyone else that dared to cross the Al Ghuls will learn exactly why she was named Death’s Demon.--“Perhaps there was some confusion on your part regarding our last communication, allow me to provide some clarity,” was all that Damian managed to hear from Todd as the door closed to one of the spare studies. The fact that another brother of his took his place as the Heir to his parent’s company should’ve have caused some resentment within him, but considering that he hadn’t even known that his mother had her own company, he was willing to overlook it.Though speaking of his mother, he could see her hiding away in the rafters in the hallway. She was staring at him before she glanced at the door Todd was behind then she smiled lightly and jumped to the ground. Damian lurched forward to catch her, but she had landed soundly on her feet. She tilted her head slightly to the side as her eyes seemed to light up with laughter. This younger version of her made him uncomfortable. She was much more open, and she was warm. She seemed human. Was this why Todd had always seemed so much lighter and at peace after talking with her? Was this how she was with him where no one else could see?Damian found his attention drawing back towards her at the sound of his native tongue. “Duel?”Damian found that his missed the language. Father always bore this pinched expression whenever he slipped up and used it. Grayson only knew a few words and phrases, but Damian knew that the man had been making the effort to learn. Drake had learned it, but Damian remembers overhearing him in passing stating that he won’t speak the language unless Damian asks. Even Thomas had been making an effort to learn the language. But the only one that knew it was Todd and actively spoke the language was Todd. He’d sit with Damian and wield words into an artform that Damian could paint across his canvas.Damian inclined his head in agreement towards this miniature version of his mother. She beamed at him as he slowly stepped forward before, she threw herself into his arms. It had taken all his training to not automatically dislodge her as she settled.He wondered if he was similar in his younger years. Was he so carefree and unburdened by his destiny? Did he have the opportunity to be a child before he was wielded into a tool? He could barely remember the places he visited with his mother and the way he had to sit in the closest thing resembling a classroom as he learned topics way above is age range. But he could also remember those sleepless night that had been filled with so much pain and agony. The days where the only thing he had ever gripped in his hands where swords and daggers. He could see the moment that his sword pierced the eye of his younger cousin.Small fingers rubbed at his brows, and Damian’s vision became occupied by the face of his regressed mother. She looked worried. Had the older version of herself ever look at him in such a way?“Okay?” she questioned, and Damian inclined his head again. He doesn’t trust himself to speak. He continues their path towards the Batcave. It was rare for her to be down there. Todd had been adamant on keeping her away. Damian could understand why with all the drop points that were hidden away. It was dangerous down here even if it were more of a home to them than the manor above.If this regression was irreversible, Todd only wanted the cave to be blurry figure hidden away in her memories.Damian had the absent thought to turn back towards the manor, but then he caught sight of Cain. He knew that she would keep watch and see things where he could not.Damian let his mother down from his arms and helped her through the motions of protection before leading her through some simple stretches. Once that was done, they began.It was easily to see why his mother was considered the superior child of Grandfather and one of Father’s most formidable foes. She adapted on the fly and incorporated his moves into her own style as if she was drinking water. She was quick on her feet, and she learned fast. It didn’t take long for the two of them to draw a crowd.She twirled and danced around the mats as if she was born to perform. He had never seen someone so graceful and fluid in their moves outside of Cain and Grayson and sometimes Todd. It was as if it was in her blood to be nothing less than a warrior.That was where Damian’s mistake emerged.He had always known that his mother was a challenging opponent and was quite difficult to defeat. Only idiots would see her  as anything else. Only those two blinded by her political nature would not see the skillset hidden beneath it.But to see her now in this shrunken form, he could see that even as an adult, she holds back. He wonders if the one time he fought against her and “won” was it because he did or was because she genuinely wanted to tell him about his father? Was it because she wanted to teach of the lesson of always acquiring the victory of reaching his goals?Nobutora.Damian had down his research into the name and found the great lineage he descended from. A family of warriors through and through. Those that never gave up even if the odds were stacked against him. The lineage sang in his mother’s blood in a way that it didn’t in his own.And while he was contemplating the family that he did not know; he was hit with a ferocious kick to his solar plexus that knocked him out the ring. The demon inside of him howled with pleasure at such a fierce opponent, but he wasn’t like that anymore, so he pushed it away into the corners of his mind.Damian looked up immediately when he heard the yelling begin, and noticed the almost fearful look on his mother’s face as Father and Grayson berated her. The expression looked completely foreign on her.He couldn’t find himself to be surprised when the warning shot fired into the air.Todd descended the stairs in a different kind of armor. The man casually tucked his gun back into trousers as he rolled the sleeves back on his dress shirt. The blood red tie around his neck was loosened. He looked like an enemy even Drake wouldn’t want to meet in a boardroom.But it was his eyes that gave Damian pause.They glowed. Not the green that many would assume from those that bathed in the waters of Lazarus.But they glowed like a flame that not even his amazon or alien friend’s hair could match.
They were no longer dealing with Todd.
“Step away from the kid, or my next bullet? It’s going to go through your throat.”He didn’t yell. He didn’t growl. The words were spoken smoothly in a matter of fact tone. Father and Grayson turned their anger onto him, and yet Damian could see how their held no effect at all.
They were no longer dealing with Hood.
Damian could do nothing, but nod his head when that same slow drawl addressed him, “Are you okay, Demon Baby?” “Jason,” Grayson snapped out. Damian nearly choke as a presence that he hadnt felt for years engulfed the entire cave.  Todd didn’t even look his way. Damian spared a glance toward Cain, and he could see that she recognized this force also. He noticed immediately when she made the aborted motion of moving forward.When he turned his head back forward, he could see why.His mother was being lifted from the ground and cradled in arms that seemed more malicious than they had just a minute ago. Words too soft for him to hear were exchanged before she was being placed back down on the floor.Damian watched with silently and with widen eyes as she made her way back towards him.  “Sorry,” she told him softly.“I forgive you,” he replied. “We were dueling.”A shy smile crossed her features as she held her hand out to him, “Jason said you are an artist. May I see them?”Startling at the use of her full sentences, Damian took her hand before picking her up and carrying her away. His body flinched harshly at the movement, but Damian ignored the pain and continued his way. He knew that this was Todd’s way of getting her away from the explosive argument that was about to emerge.“You know, I thought I made it perfectly clear on how she was to be treated,” the underlying threat in those words were not something to ignore. The danger that swirled in the sentence was a being all in itself. His mother turned her head back towards Todd’s direction as the two of them neared the elevator.“He reminds me of the Ronin that Father consults with.”Damian dared to spare a fleeting glance back at the others. He could still feel the presence in the air weighing down on him as he looked on. Todd was calm and relaxed as Father and Grayson hurled their insults and complaints at him.Could they not feel it? Did they not understand the danger they were in? Did they not comprehend that it was best for them to retreat than to pursue their current train of thought?Damian shook his head firmly as the elevator closed around them. He could also see a humanoid figure floating above Todd. If Damian closed his eyes, he could imagine the thing winking at him.The Red Ronin indeed.--Nealry shaking with suppressed anger, Jason made his way into the warehouse. He had left Talia at his apartment with Cass and Damian as he hurriedly changed into an uniform he pulled out only on special occasions.Jason made his way downstairs where he knew that his cousin was waiting for him. He made his way pass the interrogations rooms and offices that were only in use for Red Hood business. Having Talia’s and his own funds at his disposal turned this simple warehouse into the ultimate headquarters second to only the Watchtower. The levels above ground functioned as a living area to convince anyone (including nosey little bats and birds) that made their way there to believe that it was just another home.And it was. It was where he and the others lived whenever there were no missions (or weren’t vacationing on the Outlaw’s Island). It was where he was going to bring Talia as soon as he made sure the upper levels were more kid friendly.And from the reports that Tim had looked into, Nyssa and her people couldn’t even come near it as it was so close to Gotham’s borders.The second levels were for training as it had been reconfigured and reconstructed so that Kori, Artemis, and Biz could really let loose. Metals ranging from Tamaran and some decent planet named Vegeta made up those levels and everything underneath it. The level directly under that one was dedicated to Roy’s workshop where the current tally of accidents that happened on it was up to ten. Though three of them had been caused by Roy’s brother, Connor.Underneath Roy’s level was the medical ward and a bunch of empty rooms for whatever else they threw in there.And finally, the ground level had been caved in and hollowed out to allow for his special occupation. A small dent in the wall allowed for a drip of his blood before concrete and metal rumble and split apart to make way for a hidden set of stairs. This was where he handled a mixture of Red Hood and Red Ronin’s business. The dirtier and grimier it was… this was where he escaped to get it handled.He cast a glance around his surroundings to make sure nothing had been tampered with before he made his way down to the cells. Jason noticed that three of them were occupied as he stepped into the room. Three pairs of eyes snapped towards him with hope and fear dancing alongside them as he moved closer. Jamila didn’t even spare him a glance from where she was picking at her nails with a small knife.“Cousin-heart, what a surprise. Nice of you to drop by,” she sang as she stood to her feet. She glided across the floor as she made her way over to him before dropping into the traditional bow. “To what do I owe the pleasure of the Born-Again Prince?”Gasps and whimpers floated over from the cells, and Jamila’s form shook with laughter. Jason huffed.  As much as he hated the title, he knew that it was known in the bowels of the underworld. Red Hood and Red Ronin managed to give the world a special kind of fear. But the Born-Again Prince… the son of the Demon’s Daughter… the son of the Demon’s Viper… he was someone that shook the very foundations of the underworld. No one knew that the three personas were the same man except those closest to him. No one knew just like they didn’t know Death Demon was also Jahi (named after the Demon of Debauchery) who marked her victims with the imprint of her lips. No one survived kiss from her as the poison mixed into her lipstick had always been highly fatal.“I heard you brought me presents, Jahi.”From the outright crying the men broke into, it was easy to see that they knew how fucked they were. They knew that their chances of survival were nonexistent. And they knew that the knowledge that the two cousins that crumbled lives under different facades and were two of the deadliest assassins would die with them.Jamila rose from the ground slowly. Mirth was dancing in her green eyes. “These are the men that have turned their backs on the sanctuary that Mistress Talia provided. They have betrayed the Al Ghul clan, and committed treason against the head family with the help of the Forgotten One. The Exiled One.”She turned abruptly towards her funkit before grabbing a syringe and an iced dagger before facing him once more. “I humbly request to initiate the punishment for their actions, my liege.”Jason was nearly in tears as laughter bubbled up inside of him at her theatrics. He took the time to head over to the wall of weapons as the pleads began to fall from their captees lips. He picked a weapon that years ago would have had him flinching or falling into a panic attack. But now it only brings him the slightest amount of discomfort. Now it was a weapon that no one would expect from him.Jason turned to look at his cousin once more, “I believe that this is something that we should do together. After all, it was our family that they have betrayed, and it has been awhile since we’ve truly let loose and worked together.”The answering smile that appeared on his cousin’s face brought rivers of tears to from the man in the left cell. The two of them made their way over letting the restraints they so desperately hold onto go. “The man in the middle is the one we shall spare. He was the leader of the operation after all,” Jamila muttered in Farsi.Jason hummed in reply as he headed left, and she headed right.“The Joker once ask me which hurts more. A or B? Forehand or Backhand?”Soon the only sound left to be heard were the sounds of screams as their eyes bled red and green.



|five|
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Cleaning the crowbar in his hands, Jason sat back in the one of the chairs scattered around the room. His eyes tracked the movement of the man that was still sitting in the middle cell. He watched with a narrowed eyes as the man flinched and twitched at even the slightest sound. He had been crying and screaming himself hoarse as Jason and Jamila took out his companions. It had gotten to the point where Jamila marched her way into the cell drenched in blood forcing the man into silence or she’d give him a real reason to scream.He hadn’t done anything since.His cousin had hosed her body down until she was clean enough to venture to the upper levels. She had showered before going to rest in what was dubbed as Roy’s (and Jason’s) friend Kyle’s room. The space cop sometime came over to visit them whenever Roy and Connor were on good terms (or whenever he felt he was good enough to sneak into Jason’s room without being noticed). The three of them descended into Roy’s workshop, and Kyle was bringing back different metals from the planets he visited to fix whatever they broke in there (after he did every test available to make sure that they would be safe to bring into Earth’s atmosphere and safe to be in contact with humans, amazons, tamaranians, and kryptonians.)Jason need to check on Talia. He didn’t know how much time he had spent down there. He didn’t know how long it had taken them to drag every bit of information of the men. And from what they managed to gather, the man in front of them had the sequence to what had been done.Jason doubted that it would take much to tell them.He stood to change when the computer system behind him pinged with an alert.His computers were better in ways that Oracle’s and Batman’s weren’t. They searched for crimes and put pieces together like puzzles. The idea had come from a movie if he was being honest. One of those Marvel movies that Tim liked to watch. Captain America: The Winter Solider, if he believed it was.The algorithm was a thing of beauty, and he immediately told Talia about it. Once she saw how it operated, she stopped at nothing to find her someone that could make her something similar if not better. In a way, it was how the dark web had been born.Jason basically had his own Project Insight except it was heavily filtered. Potential targets were filed away by threat level. Ongoing cases were filed away by the difficulty.People were like a game of chess and Jason found that he liked moving pieces into his corner. Almost two-thirds of the people that popped up either worked for Head Industries or the League now.If only he could convince Talia that Tony Stark was not that suitable to be her superhero crush.(“Ah, but that’s where you’re wrong Habibi… he is a man with great influence and an incomparable mind. His morals are unbreakable with knowing when to sacrifice them for necessary evils. My only complaint would be this Marvel continuously writing him to be their sacrificial lamb and unorthodox villain for the sake of making Private Rogers look well. [Its Captain America, T?] Have you not watched the movie Jason? Steven Rogers was made captain to sell war bonds and disrespected a chain of order. It was for plot development that he was made into a captain. In a real world, none of his actions would have suffice. Anthony is practical and though his jokes fall short, it is quite easy to see that he makes up for it. And besides, what kind of woman would I be if I didn’t appreciate his appreciation of a strong woman. He clearly sees females as the superior sex.)Shaking his head, Jason paid attention to the details crossing the screen. Roy was calling. Raising a brow since the man was suppose to be completing a joint misson with the Arrow Family in Star City, he could only wonder what he could be calling for.His redheaded friend looked absolutely frantic. His green eyes were lit with worry, grief, and pure anger. “Jason! Jay, please. We need your help. Connor’s been kidnapped by the League of Shadows. Nyssa has him.”Well fuck.--Damian was absently drawing a portrait of this miniaturized version of his mother and himself when his communicator went off. He spared a glance at his mother who was recreating a picture that Todd had hanging on his wall. Her artwork adequate for her age even if he was slightly better.Todd barely gave Damian a chance to speak before he was barking out orders, “Get to the cave. The others will meet you there. I’m bringing a guest.”There was an underlying tension in his words that had Damian sitting up straighter. He only spared a minute to stare at the device before he was abruptly standing up. His mother snapped her head to look at him and was on her feet in a defensive position faster than he could blink. Damian tilted his head to the side and hummed. She was favoring her right side leaving herself vulnerable to attacks to her life. But then he saw the knife in her hands (and where in the seven hells did, she get that… Todd was going to annihilate him.)
 “Pack a bag. We will be staying at the castle for an undetermined amount of time.” 
She roamed her eyes around the room three times before nodding her head and walking towards the room which had been deemed hers. Damian could remember seeing the echoes of his mother at her right age in the room. It made him wonder how often she stayed in Gotham with them none the wiser.Cain made her way over to him with her head tilted to the side. She ran her hand through his hair, and she was one of few people who could do so without risk of being stabbed. Damian sighed deeply through his nose, “We will be leaving to return to the Cave. Todd will be bringing a guest.”He could feel her nod before she was soon following his mother. Damian wondered just who this guest could be. He hoped it be their enemy, so that he may show them what happens when one attacks the Al Ghuls. The demon inside of him cried for blood. This dastardly attack on his mother cannot stand any longer, and someone will have to pay.Damian smiled a cruel smile. Yes, whomever Todd’s mystery guest was will pay dearly for causing harm to his mother.--Every Al Ghul knew the location of Batman’s headquarters. The Batcave. It wasn’t a secret. It was one of the first lessons they learned. They knew where it was, how to get in detected and undetected, hidey-holes, and how to navigate the computer all without raising alarms.Jamila herself never cared for it. She was content to live her life traipsing the globe making a name for herself that would one day rival her parents. That would one day rival her grandfather. [May he rest in agony.]And yet, somehow, here she was standing the cave with all the bat brats staring at her. Well standing wouldn’t be the right word. She was lounging across their debriefing table cleaning the blood from under her nails with one of her knives. Behind the cover of her mask, her green eyes tracked everyone’s movement and took note of the many exits and passageways she had been forced to learn. [Even the one’s the Bats didn’t know existed as Talons hid away at night.]And then-Her knife fell from her hands.She felt more than she saw Jason moving to her side and placing a comforting hand on her shoulder. Jamila felt a full body shudder rush through her as she saw what her stupidity led to. She hadn’t even seen her aunt since everything had happened. She had been to plague by guilt and anger to appear before the woman but still…She still found it hard to believe that emotions could hurt so badly.  “Kalh,”  the word dropped from her mouth without her consent. She was positive that she would have sunk to the ground if Jason was not supporting her.This miniature version of her aunt looked at with something akin to suspicion and recognition. And Jamila’s heart skipped a beat.She drank in the similarities to the woman she knew to the child standing before her. She took deep pleasure in knowing she looked like her aunt instead of her mother when she herself was a toddler. The child before her looked so innocent that Jamila almost thought she was looking at a younger version of her dear cousin, Anthanasia.It wasn’t long before the butler was whisking her away at Jason’s order.Jamila turned her to look at her cousin when the distrust and venom in his voice claimed her attention, “Who are you to claim relation to the Al Ghul Line,” the little turncoat demanded. If she were being honest, she found him to be quite lacking. Oh, she could see the potential he held. She could see where he would’ve been great.But it was his idiotic way of ignoring his instincts and disregarding his birthright that makes him unworthy of her attention. He was skilled, yes. But where would he be without the demon that resides under his skin? Where he would be without the blood of the Al Ghuls?It was no wonder that he fell from grace and down to the bottom of the line of succession. Regardless if it was only because the death of their grandfather that made it that way. [Even if not many knew that the man had perished.]Jamila barely managed to keep the sneer off her face. Jason informed her of his infuriating plan. Declaring her as the heir? It was the reason they were in this mess to begin with! And he just goes and saddled her with a title she did not want… one that she threw away! His plan would fall through the seams quickly as the time dragged on.She could feel Jason sigh, because he knew how she was going to react to the child in front of her.And react she did.Pulling her to her full height, she looked upon her younger cousin as if he was not even worth to be the gum on the bottom of her shoes. Honestly, even Anthanasia wasn’t this infuriating and that little spoilt princess made Jamila contemplate traveling backwards in time and putting a knife through her egg.“I am your superior in all that matters, little cousin. I am the Demon of Death. I am the snake cloaked in poisons with more blood on my hands than a blood bank. I have bathed in the blood of my enemies with a smile. The slayer of the Clown Prince of Gotham. I am Jamila Al Ghul-Wilson. I am the daughter of Nyssa Raatko and Slade Wilson. The rightful heiress to the Demon’s Head. The next Ra Al Ghul.” “Rightful,” the one Jason fondly calls Replacement… Pretender questioned. She ignored the spluttering from her youngest cousin that she was lying. As if she wanted to be born to either of her parents.Jamila tilted her head to the side, “Jason has informed me that my half-brother has been kidnapped. It is obvious that my Mother has taken him and with Mistress Talia compromised, Mother has the right to the throne. She doesn’t know about me, so she’d name my brother her heir.”The blue idiot that had once thrown her cousin-heart in Arkham sneered at her (and had been staring at her since she arrived), “Why should we even trust you? We might as well beat you and Nyssa and dismantle the League of Shadows. It’ll save us a lot of trouble.”Cruel and mocking laughter emerged from Jamila as she smirked at the idiotic male, “You? Beat me? Don’t make me laugh.”He took a step towards her puffing up in arrogance, and Jamila let her smirk widen. She could feel interest piquing within her, and she clenched her fist and loosened her stance ready to lay down the truths. Ready to make him pay for every pain that he ever caused her cousin.“I’ve beaten your father and Cass beat your mom—”Jamila snorted, “Irrelevant. I’m a better fighter than both. Lady Shiva has stated that I am better fighter than herself. So, you and your Cass- ““Mila,” Jason groaned as he pulled her closer to his side. “Do you have to antagonize everybody?”“It’s a part of my charm,” she shrugged as she felt his hand run soothingly through her hair. “We need a plan and we can’t really do anything until the Mistress is back to her rightful age.”Pulling the jump drive out of her pocket, she handed it over to Jason. He had already read all the data on it and copied it to his own computer systems. Another smirk pulled at her lips as she knew that he made the data unable to be copied again. Any attempt would upload a virus so viscous that no data would ever be able to be added again on the attempted device.Jason looked at her with pure amusement in his unmasked eyes as he moved towards the infamous Batman. She tracked the man’s movements, because if she disliked the Blue One, then she outright despised the man that started it all. She couldn’t see what her aunt had even saw in him. He was so plain. And he caused her cousin so much pain especially by refusing to end that damned clown. Not that it mattered anymore, Jamila did it herself. Jamila let her eyes roam around the room once again ignoring the staring and suspicious glances that focused on her. She glanced over at the stairs when the sound of people descending into the daft room echoed. She quirked a brow when she saw Jason’s friends. For all the work and team ups she had done with Jason, there was just never any time for her to meet them.She found herself regretting that fully. The clone that Jason looked after like a father to a son bumbled down happily alongside the Amazon with sinful, eye-catching thighs. Jamila was suddenly glad that her mask covered her face because she was sure that the lust she felt was reflected in her gaze. Those thighs looked absolutely delicious.Following behind them was the alien princess that Jason had also befriended. Jamila let her eyes roam across her body also. Now this was a woman.She didn’t understand how Jason managed to control himself with such beautiful women surrounding him. Jamila felt as if the heat in her body would burn her thoroughly if she didn’t manage to get her mouth on either of them… or both, she was really good with the idea of both of them.It was no secret between the two cousins that they both have a thing for strong women and unnaturally attractive men.Behind them was the redheaded archer. The adopted brother of her mother’s son if she was remembering Jason’s words correctly. The others trailing behind him could only be the rest of their family. The Arrows.Jamila’s lips curled back into a snarl.She had no use of compromised agents.Jamila could feel a heavy stare on her, and her gaze trailed across the room until she could see Lady Shiva’s daughter staring at her. Jamila wondered what she could read through her body language before she shrugged uncaringly and made her way to Jason’s side. “Remind why I exactly did I allow you drag me here with these imbeciles,”  the Farsi language dripped off her tongue like water and she inwardly smiled. She had done her research on all of them, and she knew for a fact that none of them spoke Farsi. But she also remembered Jason mentioning that the alien had to kiss people to learn new languages and well Jamila knew a lot of languages. “Because we have to stop your mom and we have strength in numbers,” Jason replied absently as he and the Bat looked over the information on the junk drive. Jamila glanced up at it and inwardly snorted. She hoped that they weren’t thinking of leading an attack going by the old structure of the compound.
 “But- “ 

 “You can also use them as distractions while you proceed to beat the shit out of your mother and formally declare yourself the best of the Al Ghul lineage.” 
Well it wasn’t a lie.She was the best.It was she who took down Grandfather once and for all.But it would also be nice to have facts. Her mother and brother were the only Al Ghuls she hadn’t fought. Damian didn’t count. He would need help to best her just like Anthanasia and Mara. She will fight them when they were older and more experienced.But still, she scowled.
 “Damn you and my competitive nature.” 
“What are the two of you talking about,” the Blue Idiot demanded. Jamila whirled around ready to continue her verbal onslaught. She wondered how long it would take to provoke him into a fight. She would show him that she was not her father.But Jason placed a restraining hand on her shoulder as he leveled a glare at the other man, “It’s none of your business, Dickhead.”Inwardly smirking, Jamila turned back towards the computers. She noted the routes that they planned on taking and took note of the ones that didn’t even exist any longer. Her brows furrowed as she didn’t see anything about reversing the effects on her aunt. Jason had been hounding her for months to find a way to fix everything, and he just ignored it when he received the answer.
 “Shouldn’t we be focusing on fixing Aunt Talia instead of planning the attack?” 

 “You know Batman has to be prepared. Uh… you know he has contingency plans for his contingency plans.” 
If she didn’t stop now, she was sure her face would be stuck in a permanent scowl. “In other words, he’d rather be an idiot and focus on the problem that Connor has been kidnapped instead of the obvious connection that this is just a ploy.”
 “Well when you put it that way… Ouch!” 
The two glared at each other as Jason rubbed the back of his head from where she slapped him. His eyes met the narrowed stare of her mask. It felt like a weight had gathered on her shoulders as she deeply sighed. This was all her fault. She was trying to fix everything so she could find a way to attempt to right her wrongs.“We need the Mistress to be back to her right age. It’s imperative- ““Okay, enough of this! How can you expect us to work together when we don’t even know what you’re saying?”She was going to shove that escrima stick so far up his ass.“Jamila knows what’s at stake and I trust her to have our back.”“You might trust her, but I don’t,” he exclaimed as he breathed heavily with fury. His fist were clenched tightly together, and his gaze darkened with every glance that he spared the two cousins. All eyes were on them as they watched the trio.Jamila was struck with a sudden realization that had her bending over in half as she laughed aloud. “By the demon, he’s jealous!” She couldn’t stop her tremors running through her if she tried. It was just so hilarious.“What,” Jason’s words were followed by an almost immediate denial of, “No I am not,” from the Dickhead?“Hate to say it ‘Wing, but you totally are,” the purpled blonde one stated. “You’ve been in this weird state of confusion and jealousy since everything started especially since she rode up with Jason on his bike. You’re almost bad as B.”Jamila perked with interest before turning to look at Batman. He was jealous?“This family is fucking weird,” Jason grumbled before pointedly turning away. “Can we focus on the mission now? I think we’ve got a good plan to rescue to Connor.”They all moved to crowd around the screen even Jason’s friends and the Arrows. Jamila stiffened as they got her personal space and she quickly moved away. She didn’t trust them to be in arm’s length of her.Sniffing disdainfully, she reclaimed her spot on their debriefing table as she returned to cleaning her nails. The plan they were going over was shitty. Going in through the cover of night? Cliché. Taking down the systems? Predictable and inclined to fail by the five multilayered and encrypted security systems. Hit them before they see you takedown? Unlikely to work with the patrol.“It won’t work.”It was as if the world stopped. She rose a brow in challenge.“What?” The blonde archer croaked with such heartbreak on his face that she might have felt guilty. But she didn’t know him. Didn’t care for him. Didn’t care about him. So no, she didn’t feel guilty.“It will not work,” she shrugged uncaringly. “The compound has changed for one. These plans you are looking at come from Construction 855b. It hasn’t looked like that for six months now. I should know. I was there when the changes began.”“You didn’t think to let us know before we started planning,” the Dickhead growled, and Jamila only shrugged again as a small smile slipped on her face. She stretched out a little and sighed deeply, “Do understand that I do not like you at all, and it is only out of respect for my family that I have not beheaded you.”She took no notice of how the yellowed bat took a cautious step away from her, and moved closer to the daughter of Lady Shiva. Jason pressed his hands into his face as he groaned, “Mila.” She shrugged once again, “I have already stated that we cannot do anything until Mistress Talia is back to her rightful age, Jason. It was you who took no heed of my words.”Her gaze flickered back over the blonde archer. The Green Arrow. Her mother’s second husband, “I’m sorry, but who are you again?”Jamila smiled sweetly at him, “I am Jamila. Jason’s cousin.”The alien princess flew so close to her that Jamila could feel the heat from her hair. She deserved a reward for not stabbing her in the eye, “Ahh, you are the one in the picture on Jason’s nightstand. It is nice to finally meet you. I am Koriand’r.”A small smile pulled at her lips. It was not fond. Much. Jamila still had the stray thought of those arms would feel around her as she lapped at the perked breasts that were currently directly in her line of sight. “It’s very nice to meet you.”The small reprieve and peacefulness in her recess of her mind didn’t last long as the Blue Idiot came back, and this time, he brought a friend. The young woman glared at her suspiciously, and Jamia stared back blankly. “You’re hiding something,” she accused.Jamila rose a single brow, “I’m an assassin. I am hiding a lot of things. ‘Tis not a crime, and it is none of your fucking business.”The two of them narrowed their eyes at her as the princess backed away. Jamila felt a pang of loss as she moved out of reach. Didn’t Jason once say that this Blue Idiot dated both of them? Someone has a type. “It is my business if it leads to any of them getting hurt,” the redhead in the wheelchair shot back. Jamila smiled sharply as she leaned forward. The Blue Idiot narrowed his eyes at her before moving to once again complain to Jason. As if her cousin would turn his back on her for them.  “And as I have just stated, it isn’t any of your fucking business.”“I don’t trust you,” she sneered. And Jamila laughed mockingly again, “The feeling is quite mutual.”The girl searched her features before sighing, “Look- ““No, you look… I care for none of you. I do not like any of you and if you died, I would not shed a tear. The only people on this property that are worth my attention are Jason, Damian, and my aunt. I am only here out of loyalty to them. You all want to rescue Connor, and I do not blame you for that but getting my aunt back to her rightful age is the only way. And I care not for your opinion. It hasn’t been worth anything ever since the words ‘You’ll never be Dick Grayson’ tumbled out your mouth. Do not think that I do not know who you are Barbara Gordon. Because I do and I do not care.”“Why is getting Talia back so important to you,” the blonde questioned as she walked over while Barbara stared with wide and guilt-ridden eyes. While Kori stared in a strange mixture of confusion and realization.If the blonde one had been trying to be intimidating, then she needed work.“She is my aunt.”The blonde (Stephanie, her mind supplied) looked at her in frustration, “Well yeah, I get that. But why is it more important than saving Connor? I mean she’ll still be here if we go after him first.”Jamila rolled her eyes at the ignorance being presented in front of her. She cast a glance around the room and notice how they seemed to have garnered everyone’s attention, “Look you guys don’t trust me. I get that. JayJay’s word isn’t enough. But Talia is my aunt and the only person standing in this room besides me and Jason that she cares for is Damian. You don’t want to help her? That’s cool. That’s fine. But if you so much as think you’re going to stop me… ME… from helping her? I will kill all you right now and fix her myself.”Laughter filled the air as she watched them all tense defensively. As she watched how the archers’ fingers flexed as they restrained themselves. Batman stood straight as he attempted to stare her down. She was unmoved. Unbothered. She faced her Grandfather in a battle to the death and she came out on top. Who were they to frighten her? “We don’t have the time to spare- ““Make it,” she cut the great Batman off. She let her hold on the demon within slipped just so. “The Mistress is way more important than my brother right now.”“Brother,” the Green Arrow choked in disbelief. She sneered at him, “You are so not my father.”She turned back towards the Batman, “Mother will do nothing to Connor now that she has him, but she does want Aunt Talia. She will stop at nothing to get her. Right now, she’s protected. None of Nyssa’s operatives can enter Gotham without facing death.”“We’re not- ““Tawaquf,” she stated, and watched as all the Bats including Jason freeze up. Weapons were pointed at her, and she flipped out of the way as the alien princess and amazon headed for her. “I apologize for the distress cousin-heart, but I do not have the patience to play these games with them.”“Undo whatever it that you have done, and I will not kill you quickly,” the Amazon snarled. Jamila smiled in challenge. Now that would be a good fight. She turned her head in interest ready to apply pressure. She could feel the demon awakening further in her as its power seeped through her pores. It coated the room before wrapping around her in a cocoon.“I will like to see you try,” she teased. She could see the way Shiva’s daughter attempted flinched away. She could see how Jason and Damian both wanted to move forward to embrace her and simultaneously get far away. The demon within her had always been stronger. It was second to no one not even her Grandfather.“The Lazarus Demon,” she heard. Her gaze flittered over towards the Green Arrow and Black Canary. She saw the way the Amazon flinched away. “You recognize my friend? How?”Then she shook her head, “Never mind. That is irrelevant. The code word I used was a trigger into an automated system that my grandfather had injected into the blood of all operatives of the Bat including you, cousin mine. You might not remember it, but the Mistress has used it on you plenty because of your past with the pits.”Jamila moved towards the Bat computer and began to search. Jason had told her that the Bat had most of the things needed for the scientific part of the cure. It was the magical part that will be a problem. But like her cousin, she’s had some fun traveling through the multiverse and she met people and made connections.She turned towards the others in the room. The Outlaws and the Arrows. The Bats. “I will help you that I promise, but Mother will be prepared for retaliation. By kidnapping Connor, she knows that you all will follow. This can either go two ways. She will believe that Jason will follow you out of loyalty and thus leave Mistress Talia vulnerable. She may cannot get any of her operatives in here but that doesn’t mean she cannot pay someone else to.”“Pay,” Roy cut in. His eyes widened as he thought about it, “Deathstroke?”“Yes, the League has been a longtime customer to Father. Stealing the daughter of the demon will be child’s play to him. While she might expect you all, she might not expect Batman and his brood. She will think that Jason somehow managed to convince you all to stay back and guard the Mistress. The other chance is that she does expect Batman and his brood. The compound has undergone construction made to specifically slow you all down. She will employ these added additions.”The Black Canary nodded her head as she cautiously moved closer. Jamila’s gaze turned to her and she could feel Lazarus turn its attention on her. “It makes sense. We all have a connection to Connor and using him can be a distraction for her to get Talia and for her to do whatever it is that she wants to Connor at the same time.”Jamila nodded, “You will need someone who knows the compound as it is now, and I only know half of it. I do not know all of it and I rather not run in blind. And these new additions are meant to stall. Any second waiting is a second we cannot afford.”“Call up your magical contacts. I need someone to bless this bottle and bridge a contact with—” Jamila inwardly winced and her hand automatically raised to cover her now bleeding nose.  She grounded her teeth together, “Bridge contact with the ancient goddess Manat.” Another hand rose to her ear and she inwardly growled at Lazarus. She didn’t even worship Manat.“Are you okay,” the Green Arrow questioned with concern on his face. Fatherly concern at that. Jamila never had a father and the only mother figure she had was her aunt.“Just peachy,” she growled. She could feel a heavy stare on the side of her head, and she turned to see her cousins looking at her. “Harar,” and then regained control of their bodies again. A pity that she will not be able to use it again and a blessing that Mother would not be able to use it at all. “Let’s just get this over with.”



Chapter End Notes
i feel like I'm rushing everything but then I realized its probably because I threw some stuff out of my rough drafts and outline Harar - releaseTawaquf - stopKalh - aunt


|six|
Chapter Notes
three updates in one month? I'm on a roll.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes






Talia had been surprised when her niece slipped into her office from her ceiling. The young girl had smirked pleased with herself before opening the door and mocking the guards on the other side.



“You’re totally fired, you know? What if I had been an enemy? You would’ve been none the wiser and the Mistress would’ve been in danger.”



Not really, Talia did not get to where she was in life by being incompetent. Though that did not mean she did not see the wisdom in her nieces’ words as she made a note in the constructions notes to do something about the vents.



“Jamila,” was all she had to say before her niece pulled back. She could feel the demon within laugh at the guard’s fear. She turned her attention to the two at the door, “Switch out with guard team Z23 and report back to the training grounds.”



After all, she wasn’t going to lose two perfectly capable assassins and extra training never hurt anyone. Jamila watched them walk away and her head tilted to the side as she listened to them repeat their given orders. Talia watched as Jamila calmly closed the door before moving towards the tea set.



She hummed silently to herself before signing off on the last report in front of her. She turned her full attention to her niece, because the gods of the old knew that Jamila only drunk tea when she had big news to share.



Talia accepted her drink quietly and watched as Jamila made herself comfortable. Her niece stared absently at one of the old drawings her father had hung up. For all that he was a monster, there had been a small part (as small as proton in an atom) that loved his grandchildren. 



Jamila seemed to shake herself off before relaxing in the chair, “Mm, I see that you are renovating the compound.”



Talia quirked a brow before taking a sip of her tea, “Yes, I’ve gotten recommendations from our newest guests. They’ve agreed to help tighten up our security while we set them up in a nearby village.”



“Oh,” she perked up. “Have they chosen a name?”



Talia absently tapped her finger across the ceramic mug in her hands as she thought about the large group of people that had just suddenly appeared in the middle of the compound a few months ago. They had been good. Wonderful, and her people had been overwhelmed quickly. But Talia, Sandra, Ubu, Anthanasia, and Jamila wouldn’t be taking down so easily. They had learned quickly to not look in any of their eyes and she remembered the loud, creative threats that escaped Jamila’s mouth when one of their fireballs edged to close to her hair.



Talia and Anthanasia quickly took on the leaders of the strange group whereas Sandra seemed to glow as she went against the one who could read her moves as good as she could read his. Ubu went after anyone ignorant enough to get too close to him. But it was Jamila who seemed to dance with delight with the boy who smiled every time one of their hits connected.



Talia had known from that one meeting that the two of them would cause problems. It had become even more apparent when she saw the jealously residing in the boy’s eyes when Jamila had been sneaking some of the girls from their group off to her bedchambers. 



“Konohagkure,” she informed her niece. She watched the information pass quickly through her mind before she titled her head. 



“Guess we’ll be seeing a lot of trees then,” she smirked. “It’s the only way that name is going to work.”



Talia inclined her head and watched her niece impassively as she fidgeted. “Tete Lia,” the girl whispered as she brought her knees up to her chest. Her eyes trailed over to the portrait that Talia had commissioned. A vision of what she had once hoped her family could look like. Her mother and father standing behind her proudly as Nyssa and Dusan stood at her sides. Jamila and Jason stood in front of them with their arms wrapped around Damian, Anthanasia, and Mara. 



“Tete Lia,” she started again. “Why am I to be the Demon’s Head heiress?”



Talia inwardly startled. She had not had this conversation with her since Damian lost his right to it. “In terms of power and skill, you are the next liable choice. You have been raised within the compound and know the rules and laws of the Demon better than anyone else.”



Jamila only shook her head, “We both know that in terms of power and skill Jason is stronger and better than me. And besides, I committed treason when I killed grandfather.”



Talia took another sip of her tea, “While that may be true, only you and I know that you killed him. And do not put yourself down child, I have had a hand in training you myself. Your skilled is unrivaled and do not think I haven’t noticed you training with our newest guests.”



Or maybe one person in specific. 



Jamila didn’t blush. She was too refined for that, but Talia knew her niece well and she saw the aftereffects in her eyes. 



“I cannot be the heiress,” she mumbled as she ran her finger across the rim of her mug. Talia hummed. 



“And why not?”



“I can’t be the heiress because I-… Because- “



She watched as Jamila took a deep breath before looking her in the eyes. She set her shoulders and placed her feet back on the ground. She looked ever much like an Heiress despite her current efforts to throw away the title. 



“I cannot and will not be the Heiress to the title because…”



--



It wasn’t often that Talia thought about that night. She had listened with rapt attention to her niece’s argument. She listened quietly as she was given all the details that she needed before she gave in and removed her status as the heir.



Talia was in her office again going through her company’s papers. She decided that her newest guests had knowledge that would benefit Head Industries greatly. Even now, with only a few of them joining in for the medical research, the company’s profit had skyrocketed. 



She signed off on a few more papers before there was a knock on her door. She looked up as one of the guards opened the door with a bow, “Mistress, the Lady Shiva requests a visit.”



Talia waved her hand at her, “Let her in. In thirty minutes, I want you to switch with guard team I55 and continue helping the renovations.”



The guard bowed again before stepping to the side and letting in one of her dearest friends. Once the door closed, Sandra rose a brow at her before moving over to her alcohol cabinet. 



“Sandra, it is eleven o’clock on a Wednesday morning. Why are you drinking?”



The One That is All only laughed lightly at her as she poured herself a drink, “Someone, somewhere, has just got married, and I am celebrating.” `



It took many years of practice to keep the amusement out of her face. She laughed lightly but accepted the drink that was handed to her. “Have you received any news about Jamila’s condition?”



Sandra sip at her drink, “Your little pet project found a way to combine their knowledge with our machines. They’ve managed to slow it down to the point that nothing looks out of order. And she’s threatened to rip their hearts out and eat it alongside her shokoladnaya-kartoshkas if they speak about it with anyone that doesn’t have her approval.”



Talia sighed heavily, “She will not be able to keep it a secret long. She will eventually grow too weak to even move out her bed.”



Sandra huffed, “She is too stubborn for her own good, but I have heard rumors that she has been in an underground competition making a name for herself. She is close to winning the competition and has had billions of dollars betted on her every night. I doubt she wants to give up when she’s so close to her goal. Not to mention, her determination to bring back things of interest for your guests.”



Talia hummed, “It will not be long before she manages to slip some of them off into the night with her and show them the world. I will not fault her when she does. I just wish she took more precautions as she deteriorates even further.”



Sandra agreed absently before turning her attention back to her fellow assassin. “Have you decided on who to make the newest heir?”



Talia paused before downing the alcohol and letting it burn through her throat. “Yes, the only question is how am I going to get them to accept it?”



Sandra nodded, “It’s better to ask for forgiveness than permission in some cases. Spring it on them when they least expect it and watch them flail as they try to ignore their fate.”



Talia smirked, “Speaking from experience, I presume.” Sandra laughed lightly before nodding her head, “Though at the rate Cassandra is going, I might have to convince Weasel to be the one to give me peace.”



“Mm. I would have thought that you preferred Jamila’s, well friend is too nice of a word, but her friend to take you out.”



Sandra snorted, “I asked him would he. Questioned if he had the skill. He looked me in the eyes without that damn red glint and told me that killing me would only make Jamila kill him. He’s determined to have her fall in love with him though.”



“If only he knew that she already was… though I can understand his confusion. Jamila has been taken to be with more females lately.”



Sandra nodded her head, “I guess I can understand the appeal. A woman’s touch is better than a man’s any day. And her conditions continue on, she’d want all the comfort she can get.”



“That does sound like her. I wonder how she plans to tell Jason. The two of them are rather close.”



“Probably the same way she told him that she was the heir.”



The two women laughed lightly, “By not telling him at all.”



Sandra tapped her finger against the glass in her hand, “Jason would do good as the Heir. He might bring some joy back to the League and I may rejoin again under the new direction he would surely take it.”



“He is my main choice, but I didn’t want to make any decisions until I received word about my nephew’s progress. Just because Nyssa has been exiled from the League doesn’t make him not a worthy contender.”



“So, it is out the two of them?”



Talia nodded her head surely, “Yes, we will see who proves the better choice.”



--



Talia stood before the various clans that made up the League. They all watch her with attentive eyes, and she sees the council sit in front of her with pride. It was time for her to announce her heir and they knew she wouldn’t make this choice without careful consideration. They had all been distraught when they learned that Jamila hadn’t wanted the title but with a small overview of her condition and all that would happen surrounding it… they made peace.



She stepped into the ring of truth and watched impassively as one of her guards lit the flames.



“I stand before you all today as the Demon Head… as Talia Al Ghul, daughter of Ra Al Ghul.”



The flames burned green at the truth of her words.



“A year ago, I stood before you all and announced that the Beautiful One… our Hope was to be the Demon Head’s Heiress. I stand before you now to tell you that it was no longer true.”



The green in the flames held steady.



“Today, I name a new heir. One that has proven themselves to our organization time and time again. They are a strong warrior whose loyalty is a jewel to be cherished.”



The flames tinted blue with the pride in her voice.



“Hear the call of the ancestors. Of all the points of contact. Calling on all the strength from the Al Ghul Line. I hereby claim my son, Jason Peter Todd-Al Ghul as my heir.”



Green for truth. Blue for pride. Red for the blood connection. 



Cheers erupt from the warriors surrounding her. Talia smiled delighted as she looked upon them.



An arrow whistled through the air and impaled itself in front of her. The fire was immediately put out and everyone was at edge. Some of her guards immediately break away heading in the direction that the arrow came from while the others direct the children and those with child to the safe rooms.



Talia is following them, and she absently notes when Sandra and Ubu fall in line beside her. Swords appear in their hands. Sandra passes her a spare Tantō and Ubu passes her a gun. 



They follow the sound of fighting and immediately join in once it becomes clear just who their enemies were. Her sister’s guards and mercenaries that were exiled alongside her. Ubu and Sandra cut a clean path for her towards the center where her sister’s stands enjoying the chaos. 



“Nyssa,” she nearly growls. “What is the meaning of this?”



She sees the rage that overtakes her sister and the two of them clash right in the middle. She is thankful for the lessons she has taken with the people of Konohagkure. It makes her fighting style unpredictable and she’s quickly pushing her sister back.



“You spit on the name of our father. How dare you throw his beliefs for such false love? That boy is not an Al Ghul. He is a False Heir no matter what you proclaim.”



Talia snarls in anger and she can feel Lazarus breaking free from her control. The world tinges green and now she fights with the intent to kill. “You will not speak of my son in such a manner. Throw away Father’s belief? Impossible. You’re still exiled, aren’t you?”’



She watches with a sharp smile as her sister lets go of her own inner demon and tries to kill her. She knows that she will not succeed. She will not catch Talia off guard. Not this time. She was not weak.



The two of them continue their fight when Nyssa steps back suddenly as one of her underlings enters Talia’s peripheral. She shoots him dead before focusing back on Nyssa. 



It had to be the thought of the vengeance being the only reason she didn’t notice the kunai being thrown at her. It plunges itself in her shoulder and she viscously yank it out before continuing towards her sister.



But strangely, Nyssa isn’t trying to fight her anymore.



Something was wrong. 



“Fall back,” she says, and her voice sounds wrong. Nyssa is coming towards her. A smoke bomb is thrown between the two of them and suddenly Ubu and Sandra are carrying her away.



She blinks and the world seems larger.



She blinks and she doesn’t know what’s going on.



She blinks and she slips into sleep.



And when her eyes open, she stares at a man with jewel like eyes and a patch in his head like Father’s.



She is told that he is the Demon Head’s Heir.



He is her brother.



He is Jason.



--



Talia is a child and she’s watching as the girl with the white strip in her hair seems to command the room. She had watched as the girl relied heavily on Jason and rarely left his side. She wondered if she was his lover.



But that wouldn’t make sense. Why would the girl claim to be her niece if she was her brother’s lover?



The girl was strange, and she was hiding something. Talia could tell just from the way the girl twitch with every move. She watches how the girl looked down on Damian, but there had been a twinkle in her eye. 



The Grandfather had taken her from the room earlier but that didn’t stop her from coming back and peeking. Her interest had reached an all-time high when more people entered the room.



Talia saw how the girl seemed to stiffen before casually moving away and out of reach. A part of her seemed to scream for Jason but a larger part of her seemed to wear a mask even her father couldn’t pierce.



Talia watches how the new people seemed to move and create a shield around Jason. She wonders if they are Jason’s guards. She wanted to know where they had been. Jason was the Heir! His guards were to be with him at all times in case of an attack.



It’s the smell of baked goods that draws her attention away from them. She turns and leaves and makes her way back to the Grandfather.



He smiles gently at her and hands her a baked biscuit with chocolate inside of it. She had never tasted such treats before being brought into Jason’s care. She wonders if Father would be mad with the way she is being treated when he comes back for her.



She didn’t think she wanted to leave.



--



Her eyes blink open afterwards and she takes notice of the cloth covering her body. She had fallen asleep in front of the magical screen with all the different colors. 



Talia sits up slowly and she notices that she had been brought back down in the big room. Jason called it the cave. It had been a week since the first night all the new people had showed up.



Jason had taken her to a new place to reside in. His guard squad was always there alongside Jason’s lover? The two females who hair was as bright as the flames in the night took to sparring with her. They laughed and cheered her own and whenever she messed up a move, they talked her through it instead of slapping her down. 



His other friend with eyes the same color as hers and with hair as fiery as the women gifts her with a bow and arrow. He is good but she is better. She can sense an inner turmoil in him. A grief that wraps around and seems to suffocate his whole being. She tends to cuddle into his side, and he tells her stories of his adventures with Jason. 



The big one with the letter on his chest tends to watch the magical screen with her. He brings out needles and Talia wonders if this will be the day, he stabs her. Instead he begins to weave colorful cloths and clothing and teaches her when he catches her looking.



Jason’s lover keeps her distance, but she doesn’t let Talia out her sight. She had a darkness to her too that spilled out whenever Damian’s guards got to close to her. Talia thinks she says the one named Grayson is a Blue Idiot? Her dagger is always out when he or the redhead in moving throne near her.



Talia moves from her spot and heads in the direction that she can hear Jason in. He brought another friend. His clothes were covered in colors and he had a glowing ring on his hand. She wonders if he somehow managed to trap the waters of her father’s pit into it.



There was another there. He was short and his voice was rough but sounded as alluring as her father’s. She wondered what he was there for.



She wrapped her arms around Jason’s legs, and he paused. He looked at her before they all continued to talk. She tuned them out though as sleep still clung to her mind.



She’s being moved from Jason to someone else and her eyes open to see that the Blue Idiot is holding her. Well he is holding her as if she was a poison sword that would kill her with one move. A breeze enters the room and she gasp as she feels a pain attack her. She hears the sharp cry of three other people as the breeze grows stronger.



Her eyes water as it gets stronger before the Blue Idiot is carrying her away. The further she goes the less pain she feels but it’s still there and its hurts. 



Makeitsstop. Makeitsstop. Makeitsstop. Makeitsstop. Makeitsstop.



He lays her down as the pain begins to recede and the breeze begins to go away. It doesn’t take long for Jason’s lover to appear. She has blood trailing from her eyes and mouth, but she sees snarling at the Blue Idiot. He scowls back at her, but he doesn’t say anything as she moves closer. She wipes at her face before grabbing another piece of cloth and wiping at Talia’s face. She startles as the cloth comes back red and her hand reaches for her own face.



Jason’s lover smiles sadly at her before covering her and stepping away. A green tint takes over the area surrounding Talia and she’s confused.



Something is thrown near her and there is something in the air that makes her head hurts again. She takes a deep breath to push through the pain.



Talia feels something happening. She doesn’t know what.



And then—



She screams.



--


It had felt like waking up from a dream. 

Though there was a heaviness to her that she wondered if she had been drugged. Talia was slightly pissed. It did take a lot to drug as the pit waters in her blood tended to wash it away.

Opening her eyes, she takes in the greens surrounding her and she wonders if she had died. Talia hadn’t been in the pit for years. Not since she lowered Jason into her father’s anyway. She hadn’t even been there when Jamila’s body was submerged into the pits. 

An uncontainable rage overflows her senses as she pushed her body up and the covers fall away from her body. Someone had robbed her of her clothing. She will kill them all. No one had the privilege to see her bare skin without her permission. She did not allow this. 

She pushed the thoughts away from the last time she had awoken to her body on display surrounded by a green so viscous it plagued her nightmares.

She tried to take stock of where she was, but she could only see green. She felt caged in a way not unlike her father had her before his passing. The demon within her screams for freedom, for vengeance as her eyes narrow with rage.

Talia narrowed her eyes when she hears the sound of someone laughing awkwardly as people entered the room that she was being held captive. The green slowly faded away as her eyes adjusted to the now darkened area. She barely had time to take in everything as a blur ram into her.

“Kalh,” she hears, and her hands freeze from where they had been ready to land a deadly blow. Talia pulled the body away from her slowly, and she takes in the sight of her niece. She sees someone else move closer and her heart stutters at the sight of her oldest son.

“T,” and he says it like a prayer. There were tears in their eyes and Talia closes her own briefly. Her mind pulses as new memories slot themselves in place. Pieces of her childhood that had not been there before overlapping the horror that she could remember.

Her voice was rough from the lack of use, “My loves.” She watches as they let their tears spill and her soul sings. Lazarus purrs with content. They clutch her as if she were their lifeline and that’s when she hears a small voice coming from behind them.

“Mother.”

And her heart stops.

The heart monitor she was hooked up to began to beep erratically. If Damian was here, then that meant she had to be in her beloved’s cave. She took note of it in the back of her mind, but the rest of her senses… her sense of being is only focused on her child. Her son. Her heart. 

“Damian,” and his name sound like blessings of the gods of the old. He steps forward hesitantly, and she takes no notice of her bruised muscles or the way Jason and Jamila help her sit up more. She reaches her hand out and wonders if he would turn away from her now. Would he turn his back on her when she was at her lowest?

He doesn’t. 

He placed his hand in hers and she can hear a past version of herself crying and screaming in rage. He was too young for his hands to be so callous. Her baby boy. She had done so wrong by him.

He climbed onto the bed and he paused as he stared at her. It was too her shock that a sob escaped him before he throws himself into her embrace. Her soul weeps.

She hugs him tightly and vows to not let go. The Precious One loved her children dearly and had taken to becoming the Mother of the young ones in the compound.

She unfurled her arms from around Damian and she reached for her older son. He fell into her embrace easily. She angled her body into something more welcoming and Jamila instantly pressed against her. She placed a kiss in the girl’s hair.

“I love you all. I love you.”

And nothing had ever tasted so purer.




Chapter End Notes
brief mention of Naruto characters mainly the Uchiha clan. they wont make a prominent appearance. they are just there for plot bunnies and background details and I've been on a Naruto fanfiction binge xDi was thinking about doing a crossover where Jamila ends up in the naruto universe decides she doesn’t like how Naruto was being treated and sets out to change it and with the mystery surrounding her... there doesnt end up being a massacre and well a lot of things change and somehow at 16 (she’s technically 19) she’s a foster mom to the village’s outcast and a badass ninja that doesnt even use chakra


|seven|
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Batman was compromised.The emotions that stemmed from the side of him that was Bruce were seeping into him. The mask of a person that he wasn’t—at least no anymore—were making him feel things, and he didn’t like it.Batman wasn’t suppose to feel. He was suppose to be unbiased.But he wasn’t.And unfortunately, like most things, his problems stemmed from an Al Ghul. Talia Al Ghul to be exact.He was watching her now supposedly resting in Jason’s old room as she recovered from rapidly aging. She took his son, and her “niece” with her.Batman didn’t believe it one bit. As if Talia wouldn’t have already took the chance to dangle the young heiress in his face. As if to say, “You may have gotten Damian, but there is always another.”There was already a file stockpiling information on the young heiress.Name: Jamila Al Ghul-WilsonAge: UnknownParent/Guardian(s): Nyssa Raatko and Slade WilsonAlias: Death Demon, Demon’s Head HeirKill Count: Approximately 1500Choice of Weapon: Daggers, Guns, PoisonDespite everything though, there was no telling what she would do. What she could do. He didn’t know much about her, and there was only so much that a file could tell him. (A file couldn’t tell him that she had killed Joker. A file couldn’t tell him how she knew that he didn’t know. He didn’t know who had killed him. He didn’t know why she did.)Batman tried to observe her as much as he could from the moment Jason declared her the heir… from the moment she rode into Gotham on the back of Red Hood’s bike, but she seemed to watch them… watch him more than he watched her.It was unnerving.(Admittedly, he was impressed. No one had managed to make him feel like a rookie since his early days training with the League of Shadows.)Furthermore, it was as if she was playing some game with and his partners. As if this had all been some long running scheme for her. And if it was, what was the endgame? Why did Talia matter so much? How was Jason involved? Why play with Jason’s trust to an extent?He could be being more than paranoid. She could have somewhat moral intentions. The girl was so young, and she had more secrets… seemed be made of more masks than him.And that’s not even mentioning that code word she used on them. He will need to find this “system that she spoke of, and neutralize it. He couldn’t afford for any of his enemies finding out about it and using against them.Turning his gaze back to the surveillance systems, he could feel his fists clenching as he watched the family flutter around Talia. An almost unrecognizable emotion boiled inside of him whenever he saw the gentle way that she ran her hand through Jason’s hair. He could feel it engulfing him when he saw how his son leaned into her touch, and the bright smile he gave that was unburdened with bitterness and anger.There was a small amount of satisfaction as he watched her learn what he already knew about their son. (He could share Damian with her, but he wouldn’t share Jason. She couldn’t have two of his sons. She couldn’t.)But that satisfaction was still pale in comparison at how ease he was with his mother. He only saw Damian that truly relaxed around Dick, (or Jason when the young man would disappear for weeks only to reappear with a spice that was all Talia with a gift for his youngest son.)Did the boy forget what she did to him? Did he forget how she let him be raised? As a soldier! As a murderer!It was downright appalling. It wasn’t right. It wasn’t fair. What did this wicked woman have that he did not? How could his children forget all the love had for them and give it away to her? She was evil! She didn’t deserve to even breathe the same air as them.And yet she was.Talia seemed almost peaceful as she completed a set of pushups with Damian sitting on her as he recounted a tale about one of his missions with Jon. She was approving and encouraging to continue the friendship. (A Kryptonian? A good choice.)And her niece…Batman couldn’t get over how uneasy the young woman made him. And yet, she didn’t even look like the fierce warrior he saw when she was standing before him earlier when she seemed much more older than she appeared… instead she seemed to age backwards as she sat cross-legged on Jason’s bed sporting a soft smile.  Talia had fussed over her greatly as soon as she was on her feet.There was a story there. One of the secrets that the girl held close to her chest, and he will find out what it was. It didn’t help matters with the guilty looks the two gave Jason whenever his attention was diverted elsewhere.He didn’t get the chance to save his sons from her clutches, but, how could he? How could he save them when he was the villain in the story?He just knew that when everything was over. Talia would take them from him.Batman was compromised and it was all that devil of a woman’s fault.There were a number of things that Jamila would rather be doing than sitting nervously in the chair of Jason’s office. After a rather lengthy conversation with her aunt, Jamila had been convinced that it was high time to tell Jason exactly how and why he was named the Heir. He had a legitimate claim, but Jamila had been fine with him never knowing how he manage to snag the title. She didn’t want to tell, but she could understand the need to.Aunt Talia was occupied back in the Bat’s Cave too busy arguing with the other over the plan to get inside of the compound. She had already reached out to contact Lady Shiva and Ubu. She hadn’t gotten an answer from them, so she tried to contact Father and Lord Floyd Lawson. Unfortunately, she didn’t a response from them either. Only her cousin Anthanasia had managed to respond and coordinate a plan before she too went off grid.Plan 88c had been activated and were currently in use by the workers and agents stationed in the compound. And their esteemed dimensional guests were hiding them while informing them through Jamila’s own frequencies of what they managed to gleam from the opposing side.Jamila had been right when she stated that Mother was prepared for retaliation.Mistress Talia had wanted to include their guests in their plan, but Jamila had to remind her of how much Batman was an asshole. She refused to let the man anywhere near them. All he would see the look of warriors… the looks of assassins and would try to arrest them or throw them back in a dimension that was forever closed to them. Mistress Talia agreed of course. (It wasn’t like they hadn’t spent a year and billions of dollars on resources to help them back to their own dimension. It was like their world just picked them up and threw them away. Jamila was--- never mind.)They would begin their journey for Nanda Pardat soon. Her aunt had trained her body nonstop to get herself back in some semblance of shape. It would unfortunately be another month before she was back to her full capacity. Thank the hells that Jason and the others had sense of enough to keep the miniaturized version of her on a strict schedule of exercise.Running a hand through her hair, Jamila thought over what she would have to do after everything was settled. She knew for a fact that she would stay with the League for a little while longer. She had been away from her home for far too long. If she had been there, could she have stopped her mother before the attack had gotten so far?She would need to visit a doctor as well. She had been due for a checkup on weeks ago. She wasn’t fainting or bleeding, so she figured she was safe. (Her aunt was going to kill her when she found out that Jamila was skipping out on appointments.)She nearly jumped out of her skin once Jason walked through the door. He had her cuddled into his arms before she could even register the look of pure concern in his expression.“What’s wrong, Jami?Almost flinching at the long-forgotten nickname, the guilt nearly drowned her alive. She felt bad about keeping such a secret even if said secret wasn’t all that bad… she and Jason just didn’t really keep secrets between the two of them. And this would be two major secrets… well no, this would be three.One of those secrets would be that she had almost died nearly a year and a half ago. The single strip of cotton-colored hair was proof of her descent into the waters of the Lazarus Pits. Her connection to her inner demon was stronger than it had ever been before. Probably the strongest in record of their family since even before the death of her grandfather.Then the other two secrets that were so intertwined that she couldn’t even tell where one began and where it ended. She, the Jamila Al Ghul-Wilson, had been bested by her own body. She couldn’t even be the Heiress anymore (not that it really displeased her all that much. She had been honest when she told Jason that neither Heaven nor Hell would be able to convince her).Detangling herself from her cousin, she sat up straight in her chair. She wiped her face to get rid of any traces of tears. Straightening out her clothes, it was as if a switched had been flipped inside of her.Jamila sat forward like the regal being that she was. Folding her hands in her lap, she maintained eye contact with her cousin, “Jason, I have something of great importance to tell you regarding the clan.”Jason took the moment to look over curiously before sitting down and relaxing in his own chair. There was an almost bored and relaxed air about him. He doubted that there was anything she could tell him that would knock him off his feet. Nothing like being secretly named the Heir. “Well first off, I’m technically the reason you’re the heir to the title.”Except maybe that.Jason could only stare.Clearing his throat awkwardly, he paid more attention to the conversation, “And how is that?”Jamila shot him a carefree smile, “Well, when I told you all that I was the rightful heir, I wasn’t lying. And it has nothing to do with my brother.”Cowardly turning her gaze away from his intent gaze, she looked at a photograph of him and Aunt Talia residing on his desk. “I am the eldest biological grandchild of Grandfather. Damian relinquished his title as heir when he turned his back on our family. Grandfather hadn’t chosen another successor when he left so the position as the Demon Head fell to Mistress Talia as she was the only legitimate child to take on the position. Mother was exiled and Lord Dusan has perished.”If there was one thing Jamila hated more than anything in world, it was politics. It just added on to the reason of her being glad to no longer be the heiress.“Mistress Talia had been highly encouraged to name an heir in case of her demise. My brother had been far too removed and sheltered. He would not be able to take it on. Like Damian, he too turned his back on our family, and with Mother exiled, it only added to his transgressions. Damian renounced the title, and the council would have never agreed to gift him with such prestige after the disrespect he dolt. After Grandfather went missing, Mara has been believed to have died. We have not heard of any whisper of her alongside the fact that her own father had been exiled before his death… well, it took her off the list also.”Taking a deep breath, she cast a glance at Jason. He was still staring at her intently but there was a hint of thoughtfulness in his gaze. Inclining his head towards, “The only ones left on the list of available heirs would be you, me, and Athanasia.”Nodding her head in agreement, she continued, “Athanasia is a curious child. The council had been reasonably worried that if she ever ended up in her father’s presence, he would poison her mind and turn her against our family also. She has done very well for herself to be only thirteen. A servant from the Zoldyck clan stepped out of line, and she had been dispatched to take him down.”Smiling sweetly, she recounted the tale, “It was one of my newest poisons. I had just brewed a new untested batch, and I had not even considered an antidote at the time. It was lethal with a fatality rate at eighty-seven percent. She stole it from me, and I hadn’t even noticed! A small tick was all that was needed to get it in his bloodstream. He had been dead in mere minutes, but the compounds of the potions made it feel as if he had been poisoned for days. Its one of my favorite brews.”Jason thought that neither of them should feel so proud over small children murdering, but they had long since desensitize themselves to such petty things. Though he is not too proud to admit that he was glad that Damian no longer killed or that Athanasia had waited so long in life before her first kill.Shaking her head slowly, “Either way, the council had not wanted Athanasia as the heiress until they could be sure of her loyalty with no setbacks. And that left me and you.”It was as if a weight had settled onto her shoulders, “I had been instantly named heir. The last biological grandchild of Ra Al Ghul.  I have full control over Lazarus. Skilled in every which and way. My aliases brought fear into the hearts of my enemies. I was perfect. I grew up in Lake Baikal, and then I grew up in Nanda Parbat. The perfect choice.”Jason’s brows furrowed, “So how did I end up becoming the heir?”Jamila’s jaw clenched as she sat impossibly straighter.“I relinquished my title. Not because I just didn’t want to be the heiress, but the way that clan was structure would’ve made it impossible for me to do so anyway.”Taking a deep breath, she took note of her cousin’s raised brow as she removed the hair tie on her wrist. Instantly, her appearance changed and the henge dropped. Her hair grew longer down her back as her ankles swollen to an uncomfortable portion. Her skin seemed to glow and looked deathly pale at the same time. Her stomach contorted as something kicked against it.Her cousin sat frozen in shocked as he looked upon her. He knew the laws of the league. Aunt Talia made him take dozens of classes in law, philosophy, psychology, and business. He knew exactly why she couldn’t be the heir any longer. “I’m pregnant.”Kyle was a detective.He wasn’t like the Bat Clan or the Arrows. He didn’t spend week planning and tweaking operations to take down his enemies. He had people to do that for him alongside a mythical mood ring that’d find out any information he wanted that didn’t leave him with cobwebs in his hair or stakeouts that ended in make out sessions.But he was a space detective… space cop, whatever. He was good at his job, though. One of the most important lessons that he learned was that when shit went wrong… blame Hal (or Sinestro.)And boy, he is blaming all of this on Hal.Kyle hadn’t even been gone from Earth long. His quota for being gone too long was four months. He was only made it to the halfway mark before he came back to figure out how everything went to shit.His sometime-boyfriend’s adopted mother had been turned into a toddler. She was an admittedly cute toddler (no less deadly), but a toddler. His knife-wielding cousin looked like she wanted to simultaneously give Kyle a hug and gut him like a fish before skinning him like a snake.Most importantly, his best friend, Connor, had been kidnapped by his batshit crazy mother. Kyle had been there for many nights listening to Connor cry and scream thinking that the woman was coming for him. And she did exactly that.This was going to set his friend’s recovery back for weeks.Did he also mention that the scary cousin was Connor’s half-sister?Oh, but that was not even the kicker.Kyle had ended up witnessing the ninja-assassin mother take part of some ritual with his constructs keeping the weird potion [I don’t deal with potions, kid!] that Constantine cooked up inside with her. It had been the longest three days of his life listening to the woman scream and thrash on the medical table.And there was nothing he could do to help.It had taken the combined strength of Kori and Artemis to keep Jason down and from attempting to even get close to the medical ward towards Talia. Even Bizarro had to fly high above the ground of the cave to deal with the enraged form of Jason’s cousin, Jamila, as her green eyes seemed to glow with rage as she struggled against him.It made everyone reasonably wary when they bore witness to how strong the two of them were. Enough that the two of them were slipping through the holds on them.It had been heart wrenching watching the two of them shake and tremble as they tried to desperately reach for the Matriarch of their clan.  (He could remember the whispers of secrets Jason would tell him about how he didn’t feel like a Wayne. How he felt more of a demon than a bat. (he would whisper back that he loved him all the same))None of them had thought to keep watch of the youngest Wayne… the youngest Al Ghul as he slithered closer to the medical until Roy had shot an adhesive arrow at the boy. He had fought with all his might, but Roy made those arrows to hold back Bizarro, Kori, and Artemis...He wasn’t getting out.Soon, the three cousins seemed to overpower everyone just by their mere presence alone. They had to be carted off to the Outlaws hangout often where Roy threw them into a locked training room to go at each other.It had been brutal to watch them attack each other with all the intention to kill and only barely managing to miss their marks. Red and green eyes seemed to bore into each other. It woke something up inside of each other even in Damian who Kyle had never thought looked more like his mother than in those moments.Whenever Kyle did manage to sleep after he dragged Jason half conscious body of the room, he could only hear Talia’s haunting screams and the guttural growls the cousins shared rattling in his mind. He swore in even his sleep that three spirits danced over their heads laughing at him. They seemed to grow stronger everyday as the cousins continued to dance alongside the edges of madness.It was downright painful for him to do so, but he forced himself to leave the warehouse at almost every hour and only coming back when he was sure that the three of them wore themselves to exhaustion.He always found himself back at the bedside of the woman whose vocal cords should have long went out, and yet her screaming never seemed to end.Kyle was kind enough to pretend that he didn’t notice Batman handcuffing himself to his own chair as nervousness and pain and grief and regret coursed through the man. He pretended he didn’t see the look of pain and regret mixed with slight approval in Dick’s face.And he most definitely did not see the affectionately dubbed demon baby teetering on the edges of consciousness crying silently as he watched his mother thrash around.Kyle wasn’t really a religious person, but he thanked all the gods that he knew from all the worlds he had visited the day that Talia finally stopped screaming and woke up.He wasn’t sure how, but he was sure that this was somehow Hal’s fault. Sipping her tea quietly, Talia observe everyone as they went over the last of most acceptable plan to enter Nanda Pardat and then the Al Ghul compound. They could have been done with everything earlier, but her foolish previous lover had the audacity to think that she would just give him a detailed outline of her home.It was times like those that made her question what she had seen him so long ago.She had already taken stock of the weapons that Jason brought with him. They were adequate, and she made the mental note to supply him with better ones. No child of hers were going to walk around with such meager tools.Dressed in one of the outfits from a random League stash stationed in the city, she made another mental note to have them refurbished. The jumpsuit that Jamila had brought her was just a tad bit too little. It wasn’t enough to cause her problems, but it was enough to irritate her.Flickering her eyes towards her niece, she watched as the young girl practiced some of her katas. It was easy to see that she was slipping herself into mission mode. Her hair had been pulled into an elaborate braid with senbons and small pocketknives decorating it. She had slipped on the final piece of her armor—her mask that was so similar to her father’s---and the glow of her eyes could be seen through it.From the way Jason worriedly glance at her, she knew that Jamila had told him over her condition beforehand. And yet, a simple band of interdimensional technology and medicine kept her true appearance from showing.Jason had come to her almost five times now to order that Jamila keep out of the fight, but they both knew how stubborn Jamila was. They had to resign themselves to knowing that either she joins in the raid or she’d take everyone down that stood in her way.She made another mental note to drag her niece to the medical teams after everything was finished. And another note to take her off the roster for missions until after the child was born and she was recovered.Talia glanced worriedly down at her tea. Looking at her niece and her children only made her more worried for her own daughter. She hoped Athanasia was safe and far away from Nyssa. She would make her sister beg for death if her baby girl had been harmed in anyway.She looked up when she felt someone tap her shoulder only for her to see Jason’s lover. She wondered if he knew that she knew about the relations that he was having with her son. Or that she knew that the two of them pretended to only be around each other for having mutual acquaintances.He was holding onto a travel bag, “Everything’s set and ready. We leave in three minutes.”She hummed lightly and accepted the bag from him, “Thank you, Kyle.” The answering smile made her wondered how irritated her son would be if she took in another child.Probably exasperated. She wasn’t Bruce.“Mistress, we’ve just received word that the Batman and the Green Arrow are arriving with their entourage. Reports have stated seeing a woman that looked like Madam Talia.”
“Dismissed.”
Eyes sparkling with rage, Nysaa looked out at Nanda Parbat from her father’s throne. They had managed to reverse her dearest sister’s transformation. No matter. Nyssa was currently the Demon’s Head and she had already presented her son as her heir.There was no way for her sister to change anything she had already won. And she couldn’t wait to rub it in her face.“Come, oneechan. Let us prove which of us is the better daughter once and for all.”



Chapter End Notes
sorry about the late updates. things have been hectic at with family.but anyway my birthday is sunday. june ninth. I'm going to be 21 :)


|eight|



Damian didn’t know how to feel. It felt like millennia since he stepped foot in Nanda Parbat. Even though he knew that it was temporary. He knew that it wouldn’t last. He knew it was only for a moment.It still felt like home.He watches silently as the mountains call for him. His mother. His cousin. His sister. His… his brother. He sees how Queen and Lance seem to relax. Yes, Nanda Parbat. A place of healing and enlightenment. And yet, its shadows are coated with enough blood to fill the red sea.His mother stands before them as she looks upon their home. His brother and cousin flanked her sides. They looked like the perfect warriors that they were born to be. His mother turns her head to glance back at him. He suddenly feels wrong. He had been raised to be the one by his father’s side as his partner. It was his destiny. His heritage to take over the mantle in the future. And yet, here he stood as Robin and he felt wrong.She smiles at him knowingly, and suddenly, he’s unpinning the Robin emblem. His pulls his sword from underneath the seats of the Bat plane. He tugs his hood over his head. It isn’t much, yet he feels more like himself than he has in long time.His eyes glow in a way they haven’t since his birth.He stops denying who he truly was.Robin. Heir to the Demon. Son of the Bat. The Demonic Prince. A Dark Knight. An Al Ghul. A Wayne.Damian.--Athanasia watched quietly from the rafters as The Forgotten One’s guards patrolled the cell areas. She had received word earlier that her mother was planning to a raid. Right now, she had to help her mother’s most trusted escape from the cells that her aunt through them in. Lady Shiva. Lord Ubu. Lord Wilson and his daughter Rose. Lord Lawson was also here.She dropped from the rafters in the middle of guard change and quickly pick the lock to Lady Shiva’s cell. When the next guard came, Lady Shiva was already moving to take her down as Athanasia moved on to free the others.She bowed deeply as she apologized, “I will like to formally apologize on my mother’s behalf for the offense my aunt has dolt out. This should have never happened, and she will pay dearly for her crimes.”A small smirk pulled at Sandra’s lips as she waved away the apology, “Thank you, Athanasia. Your manners are impeccable as always.”Mr. Lawson leaned against the wall, “Where is your mother anyway? How did Nyssa get the drop on her to be able to do all of this?”She sighed deeply. Troubled. “Mother had been compromised and needed to be sent away for her safety. These past two months have been troubling, but all is well now. She had her a few days of recovery and she’s on her way here to take back what it rightfully hers.”Lord Wilson chuckled a little bitterly, “Good ole Talia. Can always count on her to come.”Athanasia tilted her head to the side before she turned away, “Yes, Mother will do anything to make sure Grandfather’s legacy doesn’t end up in Aunt Nyssa’s hand. She also quite determined to make sure my brothers and I don’t end up in her hands. Otherwise, who knows what could happened. Mother would do anything for her children.”Lady Shiva stood tall. Her back ramrod straight as she gazed upon her, “She didn’t have you bust us free just to stand around. What’s the plan?”When she turned back to look at them, her eyes were glowing green. --To Jamila, the world was tinted green. She felt at peace. She felt like herself. She was home. A place she has spent many years running from. From where they were hiding in the forbidden mountains, she could almost see the area where she dumped her grandfather’s body after she had killed him.A small shudder ran through. She could still feel his blood on her hands. She can still the see the way the light fades away in his eyes. She hears Lazarus roar in her head. She feels how his body slackens. She sees how proud he is. It’s like being under water and just barely hearing his words as realizations crashes down upon her.
 You are the Demon Head. 
A manicured hand lays gently on her face. She comes back to herself. She’s no longer staring into the aging face of her grandfather. Her aunt is staring at her in concern. Again, as she had many times before, she wishes the woman before her was her mother.“Are you with us, my love,” her aunt’s voice soothes. She gives herself a mental shake. She could deal with her emotions and the ghosts of her past later. Right now, she has a mission to complete. And the mission comes first.She nods her head once before she is once again turning away. She stares at the compound in which she was raised.
 You are the Demon Head. 
No. She wasn’t. She wasn’t the demon head. She wasn’t the demon head’s heiress.She was the Death Demon. She was the Demon of Death. She was an Al Ghul. She was a Wilson. She was Nyssa Raatko’s daughter. She was Slade Wilson’s daughter. She was Talia Al Ghul’s niece. She was Damian and Anthanasia’s cousin. She was Jason’s cousin. She was Ra Al Ghul’s granddaughter.She was the League’s hope.Huh. Maybe she is the demon’s head.She was Jamila Al Ghul.It was time her mother learned that.--Jason didn’t know how to feel. He hadn’t stepped foot here in a long while. But now?He could hear the mountains call for him. Standing beside Talia and he felt like a fifteen-year-old boy again just finding out that he died and came back to life. Finding out that his father let his killer roam free. Replaced him.It was almost enough to spark an aged old bitterness in him. He steps away as Talia comforts Jamila as she deals with her own ghost of this place. Nanda Pardat, a place of healing and enlightenment. He inwardly snorted. This place only picked at old wounds that he thought that time had close.His team move to his side and he feels the burning heat as Kori’s hair brushes against him. It didn’t bother him. He had been stoned cold dead on the inside for years. If anything, it reminded him that he had much to live for.He squeezes Kyle’s hand when it slips into his. After this, he should do better by this man. He seems determined to stick around him no matter how hard he pushes him away. Roy catches his eyes and he nods at his best friend. He flashes a small smile at Artemis and something warm fills him as she scoffs lightly but he knows he’s not imagining the smile on her face. He pats Bizarro on the shoulder instead of going for a hug as usual. He squeezes Kyle’s hand one more time before walking back over to Talia and Jamila. His cousin looks like she dealt with her own ghosts. His flaming daggers are pricking at his skin.“Everything ready, T,” he questions as soon as he nears. The two women turn to look at him. Their piercing green eyes run over his form before his aunt gives a sharp nod. She gestured everyone else over.“Yes, everything should be in place by now. We’re just waiting for---”The southeast corners (the forbidden quarters if he’s remembering correctly) blow up in a cloud of smoke. Jamila’s laugh rings loud into the night.“That. We’re waiting on that.”Damian is staring at his mother with wide eyes, “Mother, weren’t those Aunt Nyssa’s quarters?”Jamila’s laughter makes much more sense. Talia waves his words away, “It matters not. I’ve been meaning to redecorate. Come now. This way. We’ll be moving through the secret corridor in Father’s old quarters. I thought that it’d come in handy one day and I was right.”Jason spared a small glance back at his comrades, “Let’s go.”They were smart enough to know not to mention his gleaming red eyes.--It was surprisingly easy to get throw the compound filled to the brim with rogue soldiers. Talia can admit that. Though she was greatly appalled that these were the warriors that her sister assigned for her own protection? She honestly felt like she was in one of the martial arts classes’ that Jason used to drag her to. The ones were the martial arts teacher obviously had no idea what they were doing. Black belts? More like on the brim of blue and purple.Hardly good enough to stop her.Jamila’s already pulling a hidden tablet from the floorboards right outside of Father’s offices. She hands the device over to Talia and her fingers fly over the keyboard as she shuts down the system.Feet are running in their direction and Jamila’s flickering her guns out. Her braid bounce as she stalks into the hallway. Her Beloved moves to follow her. Probably to stop her from killing like the rest of his brood have done since they’ve entered the building.“I will not hesitate to put a bullet right through your dick, Batman,” Jamila growls without turning around. “Back off.”And then she gones around the corner. The sound of gunshots and metal hitting flesh is heard. Laughter so dark and ugly. Screams of pain.Talia is searching the security systems and cameras trying to pinpoint Nyssa’s location. Trying to make sure she doesn’t have her daughter.“Please. Please. Don’t kill me. Let me go. PLEAS---”Pointed silence met Jamila as she walked back into the room. She scoffed lightly, “They’re still alive.” Only Talia heard the for now in the air.Standing back to full height, she turned towards them. Her gaze was still on the tablet in her hands. “She’s recalling all of her men to her. She will no doubt have my nephew at her side. We will cross through Jason’s quarters and then take the long way around through Damian’s old quarters then make our way into the throne room. I’ll send off word for our inside team to meet us at the crossways between mine and Jamila’s quarters.”Talia paid no mind to whisper of Jason’s lover questioning the others of just how big the compound was. She’s already moving, and her strides doesn’t stop as she snatches one of these lowlifes’ thugs’ guns off the ground as she heads towards her sister.Its time to end this.Maybe she’ll plunge her into a Lazarus pit over and over and over again until the only thing she knows is pain and angry and green. So much green.She’s moving on autopilot as she takes down any assailant coming her way. A part of her that stills there keeps from killing them at that moment. If they just so happen to die from their wounds, well what’s one less worthless piece of trash in the grand scheme of themes.She’s tossing some man the size of Ubu over her shoulder. Her heels click as she continues down the hall. Jason and Jamila jump out in front of her and take down more men. Damian is spinning through the air as his sword twirls alongside him.Her stride never breaks.They were almost to Jason’s quarters. She didn’t even blink when a glowing green starblast hit someone square in the chest. She casually stepped of the way of a glowing green hand pulling men up from the floor.She nodded her head at the Amazon as she swung her battle ax through the air. She accepted the hand from the clone as he flew her over some women looking like pincushions from various arrows.She’s fighting back to back with her beloved. It felt like old times before everything went to hell. Before the world turned green. Green with jealousy.  Green. Green. Green. She remembers Nyssa. Her sister. And it hurt so bad. The green. It hurt her.She smashes some man’s head into the glass table.Talia keeps on walking.A scream pierces the air and a man goes flying through the window.They’re almost to the crossways.She reloads her gun.The barrel of her gun is pointed at a masked face. Jamila has one pressed against a wall with a knife pressed tightly to their throat. The green fades away as a hand clasps her shoulder. She blinks and she’s looking into an orange and black mask. Ubu is once again by her side. Jamila releases her sister.She can’t see it, but she knows that Slade is smiling mockingly at her. Its out of character for her. At least to Bruce and the rest of his brood and allies. But she’s laughing and punching Slade on the shoulder lightly.“The Princess is storming the castle,” he jokes lightly and she’s laughing again. “I have to protect the crown.”He’s stepping out the way and gesturing down the hall, “Well don’t let me stop you.”“You won’t.”And then she’s turning towards her daughter. She hugs Anthanasia tightly and run her hand over her daughter’s face. She sees small wounds and bruises appearing on her skin. Anger lights up her entire being. Jamila is beside her placing her hand on either side of Anthansia’s face before turning her head side to side. She captures the girl into a hug.Talia doesn’t look back to see the shock on her beloved’s face. Now is not time. She’s moving again and she doesn’t have to look back to know that Jamila and Ubu and Anthanasia and Jason have all blocked Bruce’s access to her. Sandra is at her side and she could feel amusement dripping off her friend.They’re moving together again as they take down the last of the stranglers. Both flipping through the air wrapping their legs around their opponents’ necks.Ubu pushes the doors to the throne room open forcefully. Its basically an army standing before them. Talia holds up the tablet in her hands. She types in the code to the prison cells without looking knowing that all her agents were in there.The exiled warriors’ part like the red sea. She sees her nephew first. Standing at the side of the throne like she did many years ago at her father’s side. He looked so dutiful. So, brainwashed by the ideals that were not his own. She will save him.Green meets green.“Hello, sister.”



|nine|
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Nyssa stared silently at the group standing before her.Her sister. Her ex-husband. The Wayne family. And Oliver’s family. Lady Shiva. Deathstroke and Deadshot. Talia’s pet, Ubu. Deathstroke’s daughter, Rose. Another girl who looked far too similar to her traitorous nephew. Hm, her niece then. Talia’s charity case, the False Heir. His friends. The Archer. The Alien. The Clone. The Amazon. The Lantern. And the Death Demon.“Hello, sister.”Talia’s sea green eyes pierce into hers, “Nyssa, this ends now. Surrender and I may spare your life.”Nyssa laughs harshly, “I think you’re confused about who has the power here, dear sister. Its too bad that they didn’t leave you as a child. Father had always thought you were much more manageable that way. I had planned to fix you where he went wrong so that we could run this world as we were meant to. A world created in our image and my darling Prince as our esteemed leader.”“You’re delusional,” the False Heir spat.“Give us back Connor,” the red head archer cried out. She remembered him. The father of Cheshire’s spawn. The one her son had acquired his vigilante name from.She lounged backwards into the throne, “No, I do not think I shall. He is my precious boy. He is my son. My Lazarus Prince.”“He’s not yours any longer,” her ex-husband spat. Nyssa didn’t flinch but it was a near thing as she glared poisonously at him, “Only because you tainted his mind! You made him turn his back on everything he stood for. Turned his back on his poor mother. I gave him LIFE!”The Lantern sneered at her and it looked so strange on his face, “You gave him nightmares and so much anxiety that’d bring a weaker man to his knees. You gave him so much fear that even though he’s a known vigilante he stills watches his back and jumps harshly at shadows. You filled him with so much pain that he forgot who he was. That doesn’t sound like a mother to me.”Nyssa stands and growls at the impudent fool, “Who are you to tell me about my son!”He’s snarling, “I’m his best friend,” at the same time that Talia is smiling, “He’s my Jason’s lover.”There was a beat of silence as all eyes turns towards the two men. Nothing was said before the moment was ruined as Lady Shiva and the Death Demon reached into their shirts and exchanged money. At the look of indignation on the False Heir’s face, the Death Demon waved her hand with stating that they’d handle it later.“We have more important things to worry about. The Exiled One needs to surrender Connor,” she states with such a mocking tone as she calls Nyssa by that horrible name. “I say we have a Duel of Submission. Or simply put a Tí Jiāo.”“What’s that,” the one called Nightwing questioned as he stood tensely. She should just kill them all and save herself the trouble, but a Duel of Submission does sound interesting.“It’s an old tradition that dated back to when Father was a child. A duel of Submission. It kept the underlings in control and as time passed, Father changed the rules up constantly until it resembled something completely different than what it started as,” Talia commented.“That’s right, sister,” Nyssa cooed as she ran her hand through her son’s hair. “I will consider releasing Connor if someone were to best him in combat, and only someone that had an actual biological connection to the Al Ghul lineage.”Nyssa nearly laughed as she watched the way her sister looked worriedly down at her two children. Those twins of hers from her beloved Bruce. Nyssa hadn’t known about the girl, but obviously she wasn’t too skilled to be able to take down her Connor.There was no one.She wo—The one called Death Demon stepped into the arena.--                                                             Talia felt her heart stop when Jamila stepped into the arena with her head held high. She felt lightheaded as she clutched at Jason’s arm. What was she doing? Her darling niece. Her very pregnant niece. She remembered the little girl who would follow her all around the compound with her practice knife and copying her mannerisms.She was going to get herself killed.She was going to expose her parentage.If it weren’t for Jason holding onto her, she would’ve jumped over the railing and hid the girl for the rest of her life. Talia looked towards her sister. She was lounging in the throne of the Demon’s head. Her throne. Their father’s throne.She watched as the anger bled into her sister’s features.“Who are you to claim relation to the Al Ghul line,” Nyssa demanded. Jamila didn’t even flinch.“I am Jamila Al Ghul. Granddaughter to the Demon. Third in the Line of Succession for the Demon’s Head Title. Daughter of Nyssa Raatko and Slade Wilson. Maternal Half-sister to Connor Al Ghul. Paternal Half-sister to Joey, Grant, and Rose Wilson.”The flames surrounding the area burned green at the truth of her words. Talia watched as shocked crossed her sister’s face. She rose a brow in challenge when Nyssa’s gaze switched to her. It was true. There was no use in hiding or lying about it.“Talia,” she heard Slade growl lowly. There was pain in his voice. She reached for his hand and gave it a squeeze.“She didn’t want you to know,” she whispers. Slade was too trained to flinch, but it was a near thing.“Hear the call of the ancestors. Of all the points of contact. Calling on all the strength from the Al Ghul Line. I challenge you, Connor Al Ghul-Hawke-Queen. For the title as Heir to the Demon. If I win, you forfeit your right to the claim and replace me as third in line. If you win, brother, I swear my undying loyalty to you and your reign.”It was a bold claim. If Talia didn’t hold so much trust for her niece, she would feel a sparkle of fear of her joining her sister. But she did know her niece and she knew what she was capable of. She also knew that while her nephew was fueled by the Lazarus Pits, Jamila had not only the waters of the Lazarus Pits but her father’s own enhanced regeneration cells flowing through her blood.As Talia’s father had hoped, he once again created the perfect soldier. He just hadn’t counted on her only giving him the loyalty that any soldier would. She cared nothing for him. A fact proven true when she appeared before Talia in the middle of the night. Her eyes had been wild and filled with bloodlust. Death wove around her like a web as her swords hissed with poison. She looked like an actual demon in a way that none of the other Al Ghuls could. It was through broken and feverish whispers that Talia learned of how Jamila challenge Ra to a duel. How even when she was down and broken… she still wouldn’t give up on the fight. As soon as her arms healed enough for her to move, she threw acid at his face before continuing to battle for the kill. It wasn’t until her sword had sunken through his heart and another through his throat that she realized what she had done. She destroyed all evidence of a fight between them and silently disposing of the body before fleeing.Talia watched as Nyssa’s eyes purred with delight. She called for Connor to accept the challenge. She was severely underestimating Jamila.Talia saw the lost before the battle even started.--Jason had no idea what Jamila was doing. He had no idea why she was standing in the ring. He didn’t even notice when she left from his side to get there. He didn’t know why she was fighting a death match while pregnant even if you couldn’t even tell.But then she was moving with grace and ease. She ducked under Connor’s arm and punched him in the stomach hard. He could sense Lazarus in her howling and screaming with excitement. And it was always a treat to watch her fight.The way she casually picked him before slamming him into the ground. How sprung away like a cat as he tried to kick her off. She smiled mockingly as she twists her body this and that way around soaring arrows. She landed softly as her eyes began to bleed an even brighter green.He notices how Kyle seems to shiver as Jamila surrendered herself to Lazarus. The room seemed to grow colder, and the air seemed to charge before she is moving in blurs of speed. It was at moments like these that Jamila proved why she was best of the family. She was well trained, and you could hardly see her or her attacks. But the aftereffects were there if you paid attention to how Connor was being thrown around the ring with no stability.How she’d pinned him to the floor before throwing him into the air and kicking him away only to reappear and punch him in various succession as he flew into a wall. Connor shot a smoke screen arrow to attempt to give himself some breathing room, but even that didn’t work. It only made the sense of doom more apparent as her green eyes glow ominously in the cloud of smoke. She walked calmly towards him and with a small flick, her ice daggers appeared. Jason could feel his own flaming daggers piercing at his skin in response before she was shooting across the floor and only slightly missing Connor.And then---And then Connor’s eyes started glowing and the fight started all over again.But Jamila had never known when to give up. Even if he could only remember it in pieces, he could vaguely recall a girl too small for her age with a scowl to scare the gods themselves forcing him to fight her. Training him even when he was technically brain dead. She kept going pushing him more and more each day.That day Talia pushed him off the cliff to free him from Ra’s clutches… he remembers the small body that flew off behind him and twirled through the air. He remembered trying to fight her off midair and she overpowered him. And he realized it was all for naught because she was helping him escape. The whispers of the Death Demon echoing through the underground as she made a name for herself. Watching the way, she stands up to Bane and knowing she was outclassed by his strength, yet she still played and danced around the brute before disappearing into the night.He looks at her now and he sees her as he always had. She wasn’t even the heiress anymore. She was the Demon’s Head.The sharp sting of Talia’s nails reigns him in and he realizes that he was leaning over the railing. The demon inside of him was screaming for freedom. Screaming to join in the fight. But Jamila’s mere presence just seemed to overpower everything. He chanced a glance at Nyssa to see her nearly salivating at the mouth as his cousin continued to fight. Her already enhanced biology tripled with the power of Lazarus were enough for her punches to starts leaving small craters.Talia’s grip is near bruising on his bicep as Jamila’s attack become wilder and harsher. The temperature continues to drop, and he has arm wrapped tightly around Kyle as the man seems to struggle to stand on his two feet. A twinkling sound echoes through the air and it takes him a moment to realize that its Jamila laughing. It sounds like pain and anger and vengeance. It sounds like death.“She’s going to kill him,” Talia worried mummers. “We need to stop this.”Sandra is standing beside her with her hands gripping the railing tightly, “We can’t.”Slade kept his eyes on his daughter as she bounced around the room throwing all caution to the wind as she stopped fighting and started attacking. And he could recognize the difference. At first, she was playing, now she was serious. “I thought you all knew how to control the demon inside of you.”Jason swallows a bit of worry as he answers, “We do. But Jamila had always had a special relationship with Lazarus. It was always her friend. She had the best control out of all of us, but this? This is pure demon. We have to find a way to stop her or well never get Jamila back.”Roy braced himself tightly as he forced himself to look away from the current bloodshed, “What are we supposed to do?”“We have to force Lazarus away,” Talia declares. And its silent as most of them knew to get rid of it may very well end in either injury or death.--Jamila’s head feels cloudy as her body moves through the motions. She doesn’t know what’s going on. All she could see was green and a flash of silver. Was it silver? She hears the sounds of a blade. Was she fighting? Who was she fighting?She’s spinning and she’s laughing. What was she doing?There was something blocking her sight.Wait.It was just smoke.She could still see.There was someone standing in front of her.They looked familiar.They had eyes like her.Did they kill someone too?Were they a murderer?She didn’t want to be a murderer anymore.She had a child now.A baby.She didn’t want the baby to grow up like she did.Is that what she was doing?Keeping the baby away from the family.The silver was red now.But it was green.
Jamila
She hears.Someone was calling her.
Jamila
She hears.There was something growling.
Jamila
It sounded muffled.
MILA
Only Jason called her that. Where was Jason?The silver was there again.There was a dark and ugly sound.It sounded like rusted bells.Was it coming from her?
MEE LEE
Tete Lia?There was a pressure on her wrist before something begins to burn.Oh.She was bleeding.But it was green.Her blood wasn’t green.
Lazarus?

Lazarus?

Jamila.
She hears the growling again.
Lazarus give me control. Please.

Jamila.

The baby.
She pauses. The baby was in danger?
The Exiled One. Nyssa.
Mother was near?
Lazarus give me control. She can’t get the baby!
Shecantgetthebaby. Shecantgetthebaby.
She won’t. 
The world is clear.Jamila blinks as she comes back to herself as she forcibly stops herself from stabbing her brother through his heart. She stands to her feet shakily before turning to where her mother sat staring at her as she was prized animal.“I win,” Jamila croaks. Her voice sounds hoarse to her own ears. Her body was sore even as Lazarus began to sooth her aches. She presses a hand to her stomach, and she prays the baby is safe. What was she thinking? Letting Lazarus have full control like that? She could’ve lost her baby.Nyssa’s smiles widen and Jamila can only guess what was on her mind, but she cared little for it. She picks up the crumpled form of her mother as she makes her way over. If she tried hard enough, she’d bet she can hear the yelling that her aunt and cousin had in store for her. But all she could really feel was the weight of the shadows coming from the place she had called home for many years before she ran. “You know, I saw Grandfather hours before he went missing,” she states casually. Her arms are cradling her brother as her wounds begin to heal. She won’t let him go. She won’t let her mother get him again. “I had been surprised since he didn’t like to spend time with anyone that wasn’t Mistress Talia. But we talked and the last thing he said to me was ‘You are the Demon Head’.”She stands up straighter as she bore holes into her mother. Her mother who stared at her wide eyed as the flames of truth burst forth into the air and bled green.“And you’re in my seat.”



Chapter End Notes
we're getting closer to the heir reveal and closer to the end


|ten|
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




It’s quiet in the room after Jamila’s declaration. Nyssa was staring at her with some sort of mixed of awe and horror. Talia was near faint on his arms. Damian and Anthanasia were standing tense. And Jason was proud and confused. What was her angle here? What was Jamila playing at?She stood in front of them dramatically with green flames surrounding her. Her braid had come undone and the small knives and senbons decorated her hair like jewelry. She kept her gaze on Nyssa waiting and watching until she just stopped.Jamila walked forward casually the flames sinking back into the ground. She passes by Jason and the others and passes Connor off to Roy before continuing towards the throne. Nyssa was red with rage and before anyone knew it, she was flying towards Jamila with her blade out.Jamila barely dodged but before she could get herself into a defensive stance, Slade was on the floor fighting against Nyssa. Everyone stood there and watched as these two assassins went head to head. Well everyone but Talia as she rushed over to Jamila’s side quickly.“No,” Nyssa roared. “It won’t end like this! I finally won!”Jason snorted, “Go suck a dick.”The woman whirls towards him and Jason can see nothing but pure hatred in her eyes. Its more than he has ever seen in his life-both of them. She kicks Deathstroke out of her way and she’s storming towards him dangerously.“You,” her voice promises death and torture. “This all your fault. You’ve ruined everything.”It’s not something that he hasn’t heard before, but he does take note of the way Kyle tightens his grip around him. “You should’ve stayed dead. I am going to make you beg for death, False Heir.”She’s running towards him now before a small figure cut in between them.  Jamila stood before her mother shaking with anger. “Get away from my cousin.”Nyssa bares her teeth. “I’ll deal with you later, my traitorous daughter.”Jamila swipes at her, “Stand down, mother, or I will put you down.”Nyssa swells with rage, “What are you idiots waiting for? Attack them! But leave the False Heir to me.”The words are barely out of her mouth before they were dodging attacks from her subordinates. Jason felt Kyle get ripped away from him as the masses encircled them. He hears a cry of pain that sounds far too much like Replacement and his world starts to bleed red.He ends up fighting back to back with Roy and Kori and it feels so much like the old days. He stops aiming for joints instead going to for kill shots. This was his family in active danger. Nyssa’s assassins wouldn’t hesitate to cut them down without remorse. At least with Talia’s they can get away with their life.He hears Nyssa more than sees her as she has a mental breakdown in the middle of the battle. He hears her accusations. He hears the threat she spits out. He can’t see her, but he hears, and he just knows that Jamila and Talia are in the thick of it.But at the same time, he’s looking for Kyle. He’s looking for Artemis. He’s looking for Biz. He can’t see them through all these people. And that’s saying something since Kyle is in a snow-white suit with a rainbow ring. Not to mention, he and Biz can fly.Kori pulls Jason and Roy into the air over the arc of an axe and Jason traces it back to Artemis and there she is. She was standing with Kyle protecting Connor’s body as they kept pushing people back.“Nyssa,” Talia snarls as she cuts men down. Jason shoots a couple of men on her six and he knows he’s going to be hearing his later from Bruce, but that was his mother.Jason drops out of Kori’s arms and suddenly, he’s back to back with Duke. The yellow Robin was coming along nicely as his nunchaku swung through the air taking out opponents before they could get him. Being in this situation makes him intimately aware that he hasn’t spent enough time with his newest brother. But also brings to reason that Duke works during the daytime. The daytime where Jason is sleeping though the past two months were dealing with the Little Devil, he had called his mother.He was getting so into the fight that it took him a second to realize that he was being separated from the others. At least until Connor was jumping in the middle of the crowd surrounding him. He was truly a man of few words and for the longest time, Jason had thought the guy hated him. Until a party at HQ where he got drunk on some alien liquor mixed with the nectar of the gods and the “Lazarus Prince” rambled about being intimidated by him and not wanting to say anything that might insult him because Roy and Kyle seemed to really like him. As soon as they were sober, Jason got that shit fixed quick. And now he has somebody to talk shit with about overbearing and asshole dads (even though Roy was his number one shit talking buddy), how weird it is to deal with another presence living in your head (Jason was pleased to see Connor had a sense of humor and had absolutely no shame. Jason was not brave enough to question if Lazarus watched while having sex), and how scary their moms were.At least in Jason’s case, Talia only threatens to kill him if he doesn’t check in with her daily and if he leaves a mess for her to clean up. Even Artemis had felt properly chastised after a disastrous mission in Australia that Talia had to step in for and she got on all of their cases. Its hard to be badass crime stopping outlaws when your mother has grounded you and have you on house arrest.A glowing white hand rips a group of women up from in front of him only for them to then get slammed harshly into the ground by Rose. “Need a hand,” Kyle quipped as he dropped down. He throws him a sharp grin before running forward and jumping off one of his constructs. His daggers burst forward and Jason was pleased to note how the Nyssa’s people immediately back.He doesn’t remember what happens exactly. It’s like a distant dream. He knows he ended up by Deadshot at one point and Jason handed over one of his guns with a quip to give it back at the end of everything. He ended up fighting side by side with Shiva and Cass and it’s a little awkward between the mother and daughter duo, so he wasn’t really that surprise with how fast he got away from that.He’s jumping into the fight where some people attempt to team up on Anthanasia, but she seems to handle herself well if the way they were screaming and clawing at their faces was any indication. Jason didn’t even want to know what she was doing.And then suddenly, Nyssa was right there.He only barely managed to dodge her attack when Jamila popped up out of the crowd and kicked her in the throat. “Give up, Mother. You will not win. Do you not understand? I am your superior in all that matters. I am the Demon of Death. The snake cloaked in poisons with more blood on my hands than a vampire’s buffet table. I am Jamila. The Demon’s Head.”
Nyssa only snarled in response, “No. I will fix this. I will reign supreme and bring about a new era like Father had wanted. I will not stand for your delusions to erode his visions. Not you. And not that simpleton—that abomination that Talia took in as a pet. He is not an Al Ghul and yet she named him her heir.”


“WHAT!”

Jason flinched at Dick’s and Stephanie’s loud screeches. He was so not looking forward to that conversation. Jamila snarls harshly, “Jason is more than worthy to bear the Al Ghul name than you could ever be. I’m honored that he’s the Heir to the Demon. If there was anyone more than worthy to rule the League, it would be him.”Nyssa sneers, “He won’t get the chance.” Jamila chuckles darkly, “I’m going to make you wish you died with your failure of a family.”The pure death that poured out Nyssa was astonishing as she switched her attention to Jamila. Her attacks became harder and wilder. The temperature began to drop once again, and Jamila began to surrender herself to Lazarus. “No one is going to hurt my family ever again,” her voice was as soft as normal with a growl that was so obviously Lazarus tinged to it. “Mother. Father. Aunt. Uncle. Grandmother. Grandfather. No one threatens my family and live.”That was a confession if Jason had ever heard one. He had always suspected Jamila knew more than she let on about Ra Al Ghul mysterious death.He and Jamila push Nyssa onto the defensive when a random voice begins to call out.
“Demon of hatred, 

be gone from this place, 

remove your evil influence from our deeds.”

 
Jamila locks up beside him before an ear-splitting scream erupts from her throat. He and Nyssa freeze for a second and it feels like something inside of him was burning before he was once again dodging her attacks. It was harder as Jamila was fighting sluggishly.

I call to thee, pure witch's fire,



through vortex flow the heavenly mire.



Cleanse brackish aura of debris,



from dark to light, sweep history.

Jason’s gun falls from his hand as he clutches at his head. What was going on? Why did everything hurt so bad?
Host soul reject the poison essence, 

Let love's light end this cruel possession

 
The red in his eyes flickered and he was falling to his knees. Something was happening to Lazarus. What was going on? What was happening?

Demon's soul hides behind an innocent's face,



This witch's magic casts you out of this place.

 Jason watched as one by one as his mother and siblings; his aunt and his cousins all fell to the ground. He could hear the screams coming from his friends and the Bats and the Arrows as they all rushed forward. He sees the way Damian clutches at his head. He sees how Anthanasia curls into a ball. He sees how Jamila claws at her eyes. He sees how Connor thrashes wildly. He sees the blood leaking for Nyssa’s ears. He sees Talia grasping for her throat.He doesn’t see how he reaches for them all.In the end, he couldn’t see at all.



Chapter End Notes
yes, those are charmed spells. and the heir reveal. part one. because finding out mid-battle is not a good place to talk about things.and how did Jamila end up becoming so integral this story? she was suppose to be a side character. in the background. a casual mention. how did she end up with her own plotline?oh and Nyssa insane as usual.and speaking of the spells? whats up with them and lazarus? next chapter should be up soon. :) hopefully. if the inspiration hits. no promises. it will go up though. that I can promise.


|11|
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





“We’re losing them!”

--

“By the demon, she’s pregnant!”

“Clear the way! Emergency C-section!”

--

“She’s flatlining!”

“Get some pit water!”

“There is no pit water!”

--

“Jason, please, my son. Wake up.” 

“Mee Lee, fight it. Don’t leave us.”

--

“Jaylad, wake up.” 

“Jamila, we’re waiting on you.”

--

“Little Wing”

“Jamie? You’re my big sister.”

--

“Todd”

“I should’ve known. I should’ve been the father you needed. The one you all needed. Don’t leave.”

--

“Jaybird”

“Come on sis. Its gonna be nice not being the only girl around.”

--

“Little One.”

“Wake up, Jamila. Don’t let Mother win.”

--

“Red Him?”

 “Please, Jamila. Don’t leave. Let me love you. Please.” 

--

“Jason, please. I love you.”

“Your little one is waiting for you.”
--The first thing Jason heard when he woke was arguing. To be more specific, he heard Talia and Bruce arguing.“—you put his life in danger, Talia!”“You have no right to tell me how to raise my children. I wasn’t the one dressing him in spandex and taking him to fight insane superpowered crooks. I gave him life whereas you gave him orders. I gave him a family whereas you threw him away.”“Jason is my son!”“But you aren’t his father.”A groan slipped from his lips. Not only from the aches he could feel but also because their argument was hurting his already throbbing head. The two of them quiet down and he feels a soothing touch on his face. From the small prickle of nails, he knows that its Talia.“Jason. My love, open your eyes for me.”Jason does not want to open his eyes. It sounds like too much work.“Jason,” he heard the reprimand in Talia’s voice. He also heard the desperate plea. He groaned again as he tried to put in effort to open his eyes. Light evade his senses and Jason nearly screamed. The demon in him always muted his senses when he woke up if he wasn’t in danger.The lights didn’t dim, but Talia placed one of her special cloths across his weirdly sensitive eyes. He hadn’t needed one of these since he took a dip into the pit.“Ma…”Talia smiled gently at him running one of her hands through his hair. The other moved to cup his face. “Oh, my darling boy, look at you. I am glad to see you awake, Jason. It has been a few tiring months.”Jason was still a little too out of it to really care. Talia helped him sit up before a baby was thrust into his arms. “This is your younger cousin. Jamila’s son.”Okay, Jason was more awake now. He was holding his younger cousin who was basically his nephew. The kid was small and barely fit into his arms. But the area of his chest that had been frosted since Lian died slowly began to warm. He couldn’t protect his niece, but he’d be damn if he couldn’t protect his nephew.The entire League of Shadows would be ready to rain down hell on whoever inconvenienced him.League of Shadows.Fuck.“T, what exactly happened?”“As I said before, you have been out for the past few months, my love. The last battle took a lot out of you. Jamila also. She hasn’t woken up yet. I will give you a full debrief later. As of right now, you have business to attend to as the Heir.”A body attached itself to his sides and a hand reached out to touch the baby. Jason felt energy rushing through him as he crushed the wrist in his grip (admittedly it wasn’t strong as usual). He turned his gaze to stare at Dick (because who else was dumb enough) as he sat frozen from where various swords were also aimed at his person.Jason then took note of everyone in his room. The other Bats. His teammates. The Arrows. Lady Shiva. Ubu. Deathstroke and Rose. Anthanasia. And Kyle.“In case you didn’t know Dickhead, since Jamila is down for the count, her son’s wellbeing is left to the Demon Head and the Heir. And one thing is for certain unless Jamila or the baby’s father give you permission, don’t touch the kid.”He could just feel the smugness rolling from Talia as he let go of Dick’s wrist and waved away the guards. He turned towards the boy that would become the Heir after him even if Jamila pulled a disappearing act.“Right, The Demon Head’s Heir. We need to talk about that,” he heard Bruce say.And what a fucking,” Asshole. I literally just woke up from a coma and you want to argue! Newsflash, Bruce, MY LIFE DOESNT FUCKING REVOLVE AROUND YOU!”The baby in his arms started crying at being woke so violently. Jason jerked a little before Talia was swooping in and taking him away. “Let him rest, Beloved. His body is still tired. We can talk about your failure as a father and leader later.”She walked away and handing the child over to Rose. The younger woman glared at everyone before leading her father away. With a small flick of their wrists, Talia and Jason motioned for guards to follow them. Not that either of them needed it because let’s be honest, Slade would cut down anyone that even breathed wrong around his daughter or grandson. But it was always good to be prepared.Shiva moved over to him not even sparing Cass a glance as his sister glared death at her mother. The assassin bent forward to also run a hand through his hair, “We will begin your training when you’re feeling better. The wounds you sustain displeased me after all the effort I put into you. Slade and Ubu have even volunteered to help.”And Jason was smart enough to know that meant he had worried her and instead of saying it like a normal person, she was going to kick his ass in training to make It so he wouldn’t be in the position to worry her again. The same with Ubu since the man also had a hand in his training after the pit (and some before the pit when he was mostly relying on muscle memory). Deathstroke probably only joined to let off steam and to be giving the brownie points in the Criminal Underground that he helped trained the next Demon Head. (He remembered the uptake in cases he had gotten when the Underground found out he had been personally trained by Talia. He made more money than his crime lord status combined.)(He should really check on that empire. Make sure it hasn’t fell since he’s been down for the count.)Jason only nodded his agreement before the woman was up and out of his space. “I will check on Jamila before leaving,” she called over her shoulder. Talia inclined her head before her gaze turned back towards him and Dick.“Remove yourself from his side, Richard, so that he may get the rest he needs.”She rose her hand to cut off any protest, “I’ve been lenient with you all since you’ve refuse to leave my home in the aftermath of everything. I’ve allowed Anthanasia to be around you and show you the grounds. I didn’t even say anything when I saw young Timothy hacking into the old files of the League. But when it comes to my son’s health, I will allow nothing else. Anthanasia will show you to your rooms. Failure to abide by this will not only restrict you from seeing Anthanasia until the day you die, but it will also restrict you from seeing Jason unless he personally asks for you. Now leave.”Her words were a growl at the end and her eyes had turned frosty as she switched from glaring at Dick to glaring at Bruce. Anthanasia stood like an unmovable wall at her mother’s side, but Jason knew her well enough to see the curiosity in her gaze as she watched everyone. He could only assume she was intrigued by the different dynamics in front of her than what she was used to.Jason watched in awe as Bruce seemed to turn into a grumpy child before leading the herd out of the room. The other bat brats followed like little ducklings with the Arrow family right behind them. “I’m going to go check on my sister, Aunt T,” he heard Connor call out before he broke away from the line. Jason reached out and grabbed Kyle’s hand before he could leave. Luckily that managed to grab his teammates attention because while he couldn’t deal with Bruce and the others right then.Talia rose a brow before nodding her head, “I’ll send in a medic to check you over and administer more medicine into your intravenous bag.”“Medicine? What? Talia, the pit—”She rose her hand to quiet him, “Like I said, I will debrief you later. There is a lot that you’ve missed out on.”He watched as she left the room and listened as the soft click of her heels broke off into the same direction Connor had went. He closed his eyes and breathed through the fog in his head. He felt someone squeeze his hand before opening his eyes again.“Tell me what happened,” he demanded. They all shared glances before Kyle squeeze his fingers again. The look in his eyes could’ve killed Jason.
--

Kyle and the others had been fighting their way back to Jason’s side. Nyssa was trying to kill him. They had already boxed Connor in between them to keep the ninjas away. But it was so many, and it was so confusing to know who they should be fighting exactly. 

Talia and Nyssa’s assassins had poured into the arena to fight. The smell of blood was prominent in the air. Not to mention the smell of burning skin as Kori dealt out punishment to anyone that strayed too close to either Jason or Connor or Jamila. 

They still felt a shiver of cold air run through them as the demon inside of Jamila cried out for freedom. Kyle knew he wasn’t hallucinating when he saw a spirit dancing over the girl laughing harshly. 

And then the voice had rung through the air. It called out a spell before bone chilling scream erupted from Jamila. Nobody moved as all eyes turned to her as she and Jason continued to fight Nyssa. The voice called out again. The Outlaws saw something unbelievable. Jason dropped his guns mid-fight. They all hurried to his side and they could see Talia and Damian and another one young girl (Damian’s twin sister) head for him. Nyssa stood before the two of them with a derange smile on her face even as blood trailed from her eyes. She raised her sword as the voice called out again and Jason dropped to his knees. Jamila staggered back. Roy had to catch Connor as the kid fell over before spewing up blood. That voice called out again, and this time they looked around for it.
There standing in the shadows was  a plain-featured man wearing a dark blue suit and long cape with a golden chain and charms around his neck. He wore a blue fedora atop his head, casting shadows on the upper portion of his face, and wore white gloves on his hands. He calls out another spell before the Al Ghuls all froze up. Every single last one of them. 
They all hit the ground like dead weight as screams tore themselves from their throats. Roy and Oliver fought as hard as they could as Connor thrashed wildly around on the floor. 

Jamila clawed at her eyes while Slade and Rose tried to pin her arms down. Her body contorted into different positions as blood leaked through her nose and her ears and dribble down her eyes. 

Ubu and Shiva dodge the projectiles Talia tried to claw them with as another hand grasped her throat. They had to turn her on her side lest she choked on the blood piling in her mouth.

Floyd and Tim tried to help Anthanasia unfurl herself as she coughed and spewed out blood. Dinah and Mia helped them keep her pressed to the ground as she kept trying to curl into herself.

Dick and Bruce pinned Damian’s hands to the ground to keep him from crushing his skull. Stephanie and Cass had to pin his legs down as he tried to throw them off.

Kyle paid them no mind even though he was aware of Duke and Artemis moving to subdue Nyssa even as the woman seize on the ground. Duke tried to help her, but after witnessing her try to kill Jason, Artemis was content to let the woman die.

Still Kyle and Kori and Bizarro made their way to Jason. Their hearts broke watching trying to desperately reach for his family. Jamila was the closest and yet he couldn’t reach her. He didn’t even seem to see her or them as his name echoed through the air. They watched as his wrists began to bleed forcibly pushing out his flamed daggers. How blood a strange color of greenish red poured dripped onto the ground. Out of his eyes. Out of his ears. Out of his nose. Kyle moved to perform CPR as he tried desperately to keep Jason, his lover, his everything from dying on him. He lost him once without even knowing him, but he won’t lose him again.

Lady Shiva stood up already barking out demands. There was fighting again as Talia’s assassins began to push Nyssa’s people back. A medical staff was brought in performing emergency surgery. All of them were pushed back as the people got to work until they were just stabilized enough to go to the medical wards. 

Everyone followed them like little ducklings. They could hear the yelling being thrown around in from every room. At one point, Slade had to be prepped for a blood transfusion. 

More people poured into the medical ward. A young man with inky black curls had demanded to know what was happening to Jamila. There had been pure naked fear on his face when he learned of what had happened. 

Then a baby’s cry emerged from her room and suddenly, the nurse was shoving the now cleaned baby into the young man’s arms. Lady Shiva had pulled him and his family away as she began to explain something, and he just seemed to break.  

Someone brought in Pit water, but it seemed different than what Bruce and the others could remember. It seemed pure. Well until one nurse got mad enough to open the door to an operating room and throw roughly at a wall. 

Lady Shiva had come forth and confiscated all their technology and stripped them of their clothing. She had them draped in spare clothes brought in for them. She gave them one hour to call whoever they needed to let them know that they were safe before taking their electronics again.

After twelve hours of surgery, only Jason and Jamila were still being operated on. No one said a word as the hours continued to past. Doctors and nurses filtered in out of the operating rooms. Slade had to be prepped two more times for transfusions. Even Stephanie had to be prepped once it came to the attention that she and Jason had the same blood type. 

Lady Shiva and Ubu had people flying all over the world to various Lazarus pits hoping to find one to use on the two cousins. As far as everyone else knew, they were unsuccessful. Not only that, but the two assassins were trying to get the League and the various clans under control as a power vacuum had begun to erupt in the wake. With all the Al Ghuls down, Lady Shiva dragged Slade and Roy away from the medical ward and placed them as her two coleaders of the league. Slade as Jamila’s regent as she was the rightful leader. Shiva as Talia’s regent as she was the current leader and she was her closest friend. Roy as Jason’s regent as he was the Heir and Jason’s closest friend. Shiva claimed she would’ve used Kyle, but the League knows him as Connor’s friend and not Jason’s lover. (Not to mention the homophobic clan heads would’ve pitch a fit if they found out.) 

The next day the doctors were dead on their feet as they confirmed that they had the two of them stabilize, but they will be keeping a close eye on them. The only worry was that Lazarus had continued to fight and destroy their bodies as fast they could heal them. They had to put the two into medical induced comas until they could finish, but Jamila had fought against it. Until her body nearly shut down and slipped into a coma on her own. She was still stable, but they had no idea of when she would awaken. They were being extra cautious as they didn’t know if Jason would follow. 

When the Bats had kicked up a fuss to take them all and give them treatment at the Watchtower, Lady Shiva had hit them with nothing but paperwork stating that all of Jamila, Jason, Talia, Anthanasia, and Nyssa medical operations were handled by the League. They were able to take Damian and Connor if they so wished, but Oliver had refused. Connor had stabilized and was set to wake up soon and he was already talking to one of the doctors about the recovery program the boy would have to go through. 

And even more paperwork had shown that it was Talia and Dick Grayson that were Damian’s medical proxy. And Dick had eventually agreed to let Damian stay, but he was adamant about calling in the family’s doctor. 

Leslie Thompson had folded right in with the other doctors that it wasn’t surprising that the woman left with more medical equipment and funding to expand and fix up clinic. 

It had taken a week before the others had been up for visitors. It had taken another week before Talia was up and taking back over the League and throwing Nyssa into one of their prisons. Another week before the others were up and starting recovery.

A month had passed but Jason and Jamila showed no signs of waking up. Talia had kicked them out after the second week, but they just kept coming back like roaches. It had gotten to the point where she fixed Nyssa’s old quarters and gave it to them. Guards escorted them to and from the medical wards. 

By the time the second month came around, the League of Shadows was back into some semblance of order. The Al Ghuls were slowly regaining their muscle mass and learning their bodies all over again. It had been a surprising conversation to learnt that the spells that had been cast had burn and ripped Lazarus out of them down to a molecular and spiritual level. Research on each of the pits showed that the demon was no longer even in the waters.

Head Industries had revolutionized the medical community as they began to sell the reconstructed pit water. There were no chances of pit madness descended on the patients. Cancer rates were dropping by the dozen. Apparently in a show of goodwill, Head Industries and Queen Consolidated and Wayne Enterprises started up a medical facility right in the smack dab of Central City. They hired a handful of the best doctors that had been thoroughly vetted. Though most of their doctors had come straight from med school and work under the head doctors for five years before they were cleared to move up the ladder. (At least that’s the plan that they had in motion.) 

Then Nyssa escaped and killed her guards. The League of Shadows and the Justice League were working around the clock looking for her. Wherever she had went, she had done right to lie low.

And then the third month had come, and Jason was showing signs of waking up. Kyle had rushed through his mission to get back to earth. It had been two weeks into the month when he did wake up, he was barely coherent before he went back to sleep. After checking his brainwave pattern, they had concluded that he wasn’t going to fall into a coma again.

Jamila still hadn’t wakened up though, but her lover had taken up vigil in her room. He stayed and took of their son without rest until Talia had Ubu forcibly escort him out. He’s been on missions ever since.

 Though it was like a dam had burst after Jason had awoken, Bruce and Talia could be heard screaming and yelling and fighting with each other over the whole compound. Bruce had been furious to know that she hid another child from him and that she had the audacity to make his son the Heir to her criminal organization. She had called him a fool if he thought that he had any right to call Anthanasia or Jason his children. He barely had the right to call Damian his son after he had abandoned him through the strings of time. 

The words were poisons and their fights were viscous. For everyone’s peace of mind, they had to be kept away from each other. It wasn’t until Talia deemed him unworthy of her attention and instead doted on her children, her niece and nephew, and her great nephew that they could even be in the same room. 

--
“We don’t know much about your medical information, Jaybird,” Roy stated after a moment. He looked up at his friend and noticed his pale pallor and how he forced himself to stay awake. “You can ask Talia next time you wake up. Go to sleep. We’ll be right here. We’re not leaving.”Jason gave into sleep knowing that his friends… his family would be there when he awakened.



Chapter End Notes
Jason made this so hard to write. Okay, let me tell you. The Heir Reveal where everything came out into the open? Where we learn how the Bats reacted and how Jason responded? Yeah, he made me scrap it. Jamila's scene? He made me scrap it.A detailed response to Lazarus and the connection Jason and Jamila shared with it? Scraped it. I am appalled. Jason doesn't usually give me these problems. but he gave me these problems? Obviously, the next chapter is going to have to be from somebody else point of view just so you all can get your answers. But hopefully this helps.


|twelve|
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




It had been two months since Nyssa had contacted her secret project. Her secret weapon. It had taken her weeks after her escape to dodge all the operatives looking for her. It had taken a while, but she had managed.Now here she was at an abandoned the Darga’s compound. She knew a Lazarus pit was hidden somewhere on the estate. She will lay claim to it as it is her birthright before she moved on to her safehouse.Creeping forward, she kept her steps light until she had to dodge from flying projectiles. She flipped through the air while making sure to be careful of her still sore injuries. Curse Talia and the rest of that traitorous family.She flicked her knives back in the direction of the flying arrows, but she knew without a doubt that she had missed her mark. Scowling, she landed soundlessly before rushing forward. She hadn’t known that the estate had security measures. It had been abandoned for years.Nyssa glanced around warily before stiffening when she felt the prick of an arrow at the base of her spine.“Who are you,” a childlike voice growled out. Nyssa turned quickly and thank the gods of the old of her practice with Oliver in their younger years. She looked on in disbelief at the sight before her.A child. A child no older than ten had gotten the best of her?“I will not ask again,” the child snarled. It was strange how much he reminded her of her nephew. It was those similarities that made him dangerous.  The fact that he had managed so close to her only made him intriguing.The narrowing of her eyes was his only warning before she struck.He was good.Really good.He would make a frightening opponent if she were his age.Fortunately, she wasn’t. And even with her injuries, she had years of experience on her side. She attacked with vengeance even if she could feel her wounds weighing her down.Something was wrong with her. She was sure of it. Lazarus should’ve healed her by now. Its why she had come to this location for the pit in the first place.But still this boy would be good for her plans. She may have failed with Talia and her beloved son. But there was still hope that they could be salvaged. She’ll just go with her next plan.The Demon’s Fist.Nyssa hadn’t had any use for those other brats, but her disgraced niece held some potential. The others got sent to work with the rest of her warriors. Though, she’d need to get in touch with them. Just to make sure that Talia hadn’t gotten her hands on them yet.A part of her had known that little secret would come in handy. She’d kill those children herself if they ruin it. Taking her niece when word spread through the underworld channels that Father had gone missing was her best plan yet. And the best part was that she hadn’t even been looking for her. (It made it all the more sweeter that she had gotten to her first and that Talia couldn’t get to her.)Her train of thought cut off as the little brat suddenly growled, “You’re Nyssa Raatko. An Al Ghul. The Exiled One. You have no business on Darga clan lands.”A Darga?She was morally obligated by clan rights to kill the boy. And he had to be a Darga. No other outside of the Al Ghul would be skilled enough to go against her even if she were weakened. (She was stubbornly ignoring the existence the few that could outside of the clan).But he was right. She had been exiled from the clan.And what a better “fuck you” to her father for kicking her out, Talia for keeping her out, and the Dargas for letting their little saint wander too close to a demon.She smiled nastily pressing her attack.There were days her father did seem to miss the friendship he held with Den Darga.What better way to create a Utopia than to mend a broken bridge? Even if she had to do so by force.Nyssa laughed.She will take this boy. She will take Mara. She’d find a way to her children. She’d do it all.Yes, she will reign supreme.--Damian didn’t know how they had gotten to this point. He had been sitting in his Mother’s private courtyard. He hadn’t been here for years even though he still knew this compound like the back of his hand. He had been only five the first time he was brought to the main compound and the next five years was spent bouncing from base to base as he learned and grew.But Nanda Pardat had always been his home compared to the compound he was forced to stay in deep in the mountains of Israel.And yet still, Damian was confused to how they got to this point. To this screaming match happening in his mother’s sanctuary. Where she had let her walls down. Where she became just a little more human as she let the weight fall of her shoulders.His sister. His twin sat across from him as they talked and compared stories. They listed the similarities between them and the differences. And then, his family—both sides walked into the garden arguing loudly. The peace between the two of them had shattered quickly. Even the whispers in the wind paused.“This is my life, Bruce,” Todd yelled, and his voice was filled with so much power that Damian thought he was listening to grandfather. Even though Todd was weakened so deeply after the attack and he hadn’t had the chance to recovery properly… looking at him clothed in the Heir Apparent’s clothing was a shock to the system. He looked like everything that Damian had aspired to be but failed.He could see why Mother declared him her heir and surprising he wasn’t even envious about any longer.“But why lie in the first place, Jay,” Grayson questioned. He wouldn’t plead for answers. He knew the older man despise his mother. He wouldn’t allow himself to show weakness in front of her. “If Talia threatened you with this position, we could have helped you.”Todd recoiled as if he had been slapped. “Threatened me,” he growled in question. Damian wondered if he was the only one that sensed a demon that no longer there. It surrounded Jason but there was nothing poisonous to it any longer. A presence that just wouldn’t leave.Looking back on everything now, Damian didn’t understand how he didn’t recognize Jason for what he was. As a member of the Al Ghul clan. He knew that his older brother had been submerge in the pits but there had never been any record of on a demon holder with red eyes in their clan history.Maybe he hadn’t looked hard enough. Too busy trying to prove his worth to a man that only cared of how pure his blood was and how fast he could wield a knife.“She gave me LIFE! While you were all too busy checking the body count that the Joker left in his wake, she gave me the strength to live again. She took care of me. Protected me. Loved me! She became my mother and I her son. She would never threaten me.”Mother’s was too refined to let the tears gathering in her eyes fall, but she reached out a hand to place on Todd’s shoulder anyway. “Do not lie, my son. I did threaten to break your legs after that failed mission in North Korea.”Todd’s body slumped as a weak chuckle escaped him, “Fine. You wouldn’t threaten me unless I was doing something stupid.”Damian didn’t understand why they were still arguing over his Heir status. They hadn’t even done this much when Damian had been introduced. Maybe they had assumed that he would always be the Heir? But that was preposterous. Damian turned his back on the League.(He let his guard down to wounds only they knew. To wounds only they could create. Had Athanasia and Jamila’s existence been kept from him to hide that he was replaceable? What about Mara or Connor?)Pawns, little bird. The winds whispered. Pawns in the Demon’s game. Pawns against Guardians of the Heart. Little bird. Little bird. No wings, little bird.Father’s eyes turned hard as he gazed upon Mother and Todd. Damian watched tense as the man trailed his eyes over, he and Athanasia. “You used to say that it was wrong of me to let someone else be Robin. To let someone else bare those shoes. That I was making you all child soldiers in my war. What changed? What’s different than what she’s doing? Look what she’s did to Damian. You know what he went through. I could only imagine what Athanasia had to suffer.”Todd scoffed mockingly, “The difference between the two of you is major. We lived regular childhoods also. You want to talk about the ‘suffering’. The training that each of them went through was approved by Ra. It never passed their mother’s desk. Talia was in control of their education and trying to make their childhood as humane as possible. I got a scrapbook filled with adventures she went on with each of them.”He stood up as straight as he could as the weight of the world settled on his shoulders, “You want to talk about what they had to suffer but I guess that means turning a blind eye on what Talia suffered herself? She was raised in this world with a Mother that tried her to care for her even as her body was weakened by sickness. Talia had to live with her father for centuries, and sure, it was somewhat of a good life being the eldest and favored child, but it also made it the worse. You don’t get to speak about suffering when you lived pampered inside of those golden halls while T being manipulated to stay her by the sweet whispers of family.”“She could have left,” Drake point out with furrowed brows. He looked at Mother as if this was the first time, he saw her. Damian could relate. He had always tried to ignore Mother’s history even when it had been so startlingly obvious.“She tried. Bruce didn’t hold on tight enough,” Todd replied flatly.Grayson sneered, “Bruce gave her the chance to come with him.”Todd scoffed, “Have you ever heard of Stockholm Syndrome? Do you know what Ra would’ve done if Talia betrayed him? Bruce gave her the chance to leave with him, but did he give her the chance to know he wouldn’t let her go? She needed someone to stand on equal ground with her. Someone to love her with all her flaws. Someone that would protect her when her father came for her. You all gave that same protection and love to Damian, but Talia had waited for B for years to do the same for her. When she saw that he wouldn’t, she let him go. She put herself on a pedestal higher than Ra or B ever did. She put herself first. When it came to her children, she put us first. You can say what you want, Goldie. The only chance Bruce ever gave us was the chance to fight against the eight-year-old boy in his mind clutching pearls.”There was a stillness in the air, and Damian felt something break. He knew Todd could wield words with such precision that it felt like a knife, but--- No one ever brought up his grandparents’ death. It was more of a taboo to speak of than Todd’s himself.A demon in human skin. The winds hissed approvingly. The Red Bird. Red Ronin. Red Hood. Red Demon. Red. Red. Red. Little red bird flew. Little red bird soars.The man seemed to lose strength as he sighed. “There’s nothing you could do. I’ve accepted my responsibilities. I’m the Heir Apparent. There’s nothing left to talk about.”“Jason,” Father growled.Todd bared his teeth at Father. It didn’t look as intimidating as it had been before--- before when Todd had the demon within on his side. Damian didn’t think he could ever get used to the quietness in the back of his head. For as long as he could remember, the whispers from the demon had always been there. It had taken years of trail and error to get ignore them. Even when they screamed at him to assert his dominance… to prove that he was worthy as the Blood Prince… even when his knife to out his late cousin’s, Mara, eye… he tried over and over. He failed as Mara’s two-toned eyes could have proved. He failed as the memory of Drake falling after a cut line could tell. He had been getting better at it with his father’s clan—family surrounding him. But it was still weird. It was still incredibly lonely to no longer hear them.Even the whispers of Nanda Pardat couldn’t compare. Even as it whispered tales upon tales into his ears. Those whispers were what he had never learned to ignore. They spun lies and spat truth. One had to be exceptional to know the difference.One could lose their mind listening.
Are you a demon, little bird? Are you a bird, little demon? Tic toc. Your time is running out. Cuckoo little bird. Will you fly or soar? Watch your wings, little demon. The Snake Demon will ground you. Tic Toc. She’s almost here. She’ll end you, little bird. Fly, fly, fly away. Do you wish to die? She killed him. She killed Ra Al Ghul. What will you do, little demon? Will you fly or will you soar?
Damian wanted to scream.It took every ounce of his training to not lost composure even as the argument in front of him dance the line of becoming physical.
She’s coming, little one. Will you fly or will you soar?
The argument was put on hold as a guard rushed into the family room. Todd and Mother rose a brow at her disheveled appearance.“My Lady, my lord… Mistress Jamila has awoken.”



Chapter End Notes
The whispers that Damian hears at the end aren't any warning other than the fact that Jamila was waking up. She's not after him. Its just suppose to show that living in Nanda Pardat wasn't easy and definitely not for those completely sane in mind. Its something that they all learn to live with and ignore especially since the whispers choose who they speak to. So, the child Nyssa is fighting and ends up kidnapping is Suren Darga. Don't worry about Mara and Suren. They will be rescued. Nyssa wont be able to keep her grubby hands on them for too long. I'll write a one-shot about it.and alas, the long awaited heir reveal and reaction. I went through so many renditions of this that I was close to saying forget it and just skipping over it. And I still feel like it could've been better? It could've been worse if this was just Jason Todd speaking, but Jason Al Ghul was more diplomatic. And he was tired and recovering. He didn't really care to be arguing over something that wasn't going to change just because it made them uncomfortable. The Al Ghuls are all tired. They all feel weary even though Nyssa thinks its only her injuries. Losing Lazarus hit them hard. (And yes, Mara also felt the effects. The spells were cast by the dc character Phantom Stranger. He purged Lazarus from the world and sent it back to hell. So no Al Ghul has lazarus in them (not even the baby) no pit has lazarus in it. The Al Ghuls and the Dargas just have long life spans and a healing factor. but Lazarus isn't as gone as you think. it'd just take years before it could fight its way back to Earth. it'd take centuries before it could build up its power. so basically, the Phantom Stranger banished it temporarily. One chapter left. Some background information on the Al Ghul family that I want to add. Then the sequel. There will be other works added to this verse as I write them. Also, my newest fic (Dimension Traveling is a Dick) is also in this universe.


|thirteen|



As soon as Jamila eyes opened, a baby was thrust into her arms. It was infant boy with soft silver-green eyes and small tufts of curly chocolate hair. He looked so much like her and so much like his father. Even now she sees traces of the insufferable boy. One lustful mistake and now here she is raising the next generation of the Al Ghuls.“I shall name you Theseus. You will accomplish great things, my love and bring back honor to our family where mother and grandfather besmirched it. Know that you will always have my love and not even the gods of the old could take that from you.”She pressed a kiss to his head and cradled him gently.Gentle fingers brushed her hair from her face, and she tilted her head up to see her aunt. Talia smiled proudly at her and lovingly at the baby. “Tradition dictates that all members of the Al Ghul line or noble-ranking members must participate in the birthing ceremony. It is non-negotiable for our family line.”Jamila tensed a little. She was not ready to part from her son. And it’s not like she went through it in the traditional sense. She was born in a false womb with no skin-on-skin contact with either of her parents. Any protest died on her lips as her aunt ran another hand over her hair.“This tradition cannot come to pass anymore. The Lazarus Demon has been defeated. Burned and purified from our bodies to never return. The same thing was done to the Pits. We are free.”Free. Her head tilts to the side. The comforting presence that she has felt since birth is no longer there. It should be saddening to rid of something she had called her friend for as long as she could remember.But then she looked at her son and she could not grieve for her friend any longer. They were free.Her aunt pressed a kiss to her forehead before slowly pulling away. “I shall let you gain more rest. When you awaken, we will announce the birth to everyone, and we shall take on a very old and long forgotten ceremony.”“How did you find it?”“I knew that despite losing Lazarus that you’d still want to bless Theseus. Before this incident with Nyssa, I had taken note of your practice of Hellenism. I look through Father’s old lore and even contacted Wonder Woman. I believe that I have found the perfect tradition for him with someone that holds a Lady Artemis as such a high pedestal. Your trips to the Ancient Greek temples were not as inconspicuous as you may have thought.”Jamila wants to blush, but she was too dignified for that. Anyone that had ever met her can attest to the fact that she worshipped a strong woman. Her wet dreams about Wonder Woman can attest to that. And the other one with the fishnet leggings that was helping them fight moth---She straights up sharply with a smooth demand on her tongue, “What happened?”Her aunt runs a soothing hand over her, “You have been out for months, my love. The battle ended in a stalemate. Bruce and Oliver Queen knew that the best way to defeat Nyssa and keep you from sinking into a pit rage was to expel Lazarus. They took a huge risk calling upon The Phantom Stranger to recite spells to evict the demon. Of course, with the way you and Jason were bonded with Lazarus, you more than anyone, it took a huge toll on your bodies.”Jamila understand what she was saying. They could have died.“Lazarus had an iron tight grip on you. You flat lined on the table twice and you had to have an emergency caesarean delivery to save the child.”She could’ve lost her child. Her baby would’ve grown up without her.“Your lover has been making quite the fuss since finding out. His clan has even come to me for missions to take down the rest of Nyssa’s men stationed across the world. They have also been keeping a lookout for Nyssa herself. She escaped in the chaos.”Her mother was still out there. Her baby was in danger. She will end her.“Though I doubt your lover would even come near you anytime soon. Jason made a huge spectacle when the two were introduced. He cut an impressive figure. Even with your now newly discovered father and brother standing behind looming intimidatingly. I think my favorite was when Jason threatened to rip out his guts and make a necklace if he touched you again. Or it could have been when he threatens to break his bones and making a chair. Apparently, it would match wonderfully with his skin rug after he gouge out the young man’s eyeballs.”
What the fuck?
“Ah, and there was also the moment where Damian and Athanasia were standing on either side of Jason’s lover, Kyle, making similar threats. Damian listed all the bones of the boy’s body that he would break if he hurt Jason in alphabetical order and exactly how many of his motor functions, he would be unable to regain. Athanasia has taken your liken to poisons and named each one she would use and gave a detail description of how each would feel. I hadn’t felt prouder since the double decapitation combo you and Jason can up with when you two were seventeen.”
WHAT THE FUCK?
Her aunt pressed another kiss to her forehead before leaving the room. Jamila was left alone to her thoughts.She stared down at her son. Her baby boy. Her eyes traced the shape of his face before she pressed a kiss to his hair. Jamila felt strange. She was a mother now.She never thought she’d be a mother. She didn’t think she could have kids for one thing. And she loved the female sex more than she loved the male. (Honestly, what’s better than a pair of breast and no Adam’s apple and no Y chromosome? Nothing. Well except maybe no menstrual.)She was a mother.And a sister. And a daughter.Her family grew.She felt strangely happy.“I will protect you, my love. With my life, my heart, and my spirit. Not even death will mute my protection and love for you. You are mine. I will give you the life befitting of your station, my Prince. My Theseus. You will live long and live happily.”Jamila pressed another kiss to his hair before she laid back to rest. She will sleep all she can now before spoiling her young one with attention.--Nyssa climbed the outer wall of the medical area as stealthy as she did as a child sneaking out of the medical area. She may have failed getting rid of her sister and that false heir. She may have lost hold on her son. She may have lost her inner demon.But she had another child.And some more de aging serum.She’ll raise her daughter right this time. She’ll knock all those delusions that her sister and the rest of those traitorous family members left inside of her head. She’ll raised her daughter the correct way. The Al Ghul way.Making her way through the window, she was infuriated to see that there was no one in the room to protect her daughter. What if someone was trying to kill her? She was vulnerable! Of course, Talia would only care about her children and that False Heir.Huffing slightly, Nyssa injected the serum into the girl’s nutrition drip when she realizes there was a baby lying in the bassinet beside her. She tilted her head to the side as she examined the child.
Theseus Uchiha Al Ghul
A daughter and a grandson? Oh, it was her lucky day. She may have failed in her first plan, but she will not fail again. She will reestablish the Demon’s Fist. She will create the ultimate Utopia. Her father’s dream will become a reality. Reaching forward to grab the child, she jerked back to avoid the bullet that would’ve lodge itself into her neck. The doors flew open and she turned to see her daughter blinking confusedly at her as she let off another shot.“Nyssa, surely I don’t have to kill you just to prove a point,” her daughter, no the Demon of Death mocked. Nyssa growled slightly as she fought off the guards. “I’ve already won, daughter.”“Nyssa,” she heard Talia snarled before chaos erupted in the room. She was backed into a corner fighting off the guards and her sister. She could barely see someone hurrying the baby out of the room. She could see Jamila struggling to get up before a gasp echoes through the room.“What the fuck,” she heard the False Heir exclaim. Everyone froze. Nyssa would’ve taken advantage of the distraction to escape but Talia was keeping her pinned to the wall with her sword. Casting a glance around the room, Nyssa allowed a small smile to grace her lips. As soon as Talia’s grip slackened, she would take off and come back.There was a toddler sitting on the bed.Everyone stared at her.She stared at them.They stared at each other.“Fuck,” the girl repeated.
“JASON!”




Al Ghul Family Tree
Chapter Summary
The Al Ghul Clan Family Tree [excluding spouses] and what I headcanon as their history.
Chapter Notes
timeline? what's a timeline? As the end of the story, the Al Ghuls have no idea that Mara is alive. They don't know that Suren is alive either. They don't know that Nyssa has them. But they'll find out.




 Ra Al Ghul: 
The Demon's Head.Co Founder of the League of Shadows.Leader of the League of Shadows.Guardian of the Lazarus Pits.Danger to Society.Favored Child: TaliaOfficial Favored Grandchild: DamianUnofficial Favorite Grandchild: JamilaAge: UnknownStatus: Deceased 
 Dusan: 
The White GhostExiled League of Shadows OperativeDanger to SocietyAge: UnknownStatus: Deceased 
 Talia (Taaliah): 
Daughter of the DemonThe Demon's HeadWoman who recites the Quran oftenDew of HeavenCEO of Head IndustriesArabian PrincessAge: UnknownStatus: Alive 
 Nyssa (Anissa): 
The Red ClawThe BeginningThe Exiled OneRussian PrincessAge: UnknownStatus: Alive
 Note: Wanted Dead or Alive 
 
 Mara (Amaarah): 
The Demon's Fist ThumbDaughter of the White GhostAge: ThirteenStatus: Missing in Action/ Presumed Dead 
 Damian: 
The Son of the BatRobinThe Blood PrinceArabian PrinceAge: ThirteenStatus: Alive 
 Athanasia: 
The Daughter of the BatArabian PrincessAge: ThirteenStatus: Alive 
 Jason: 
Heir to the DemonRed HoodRed RoninBorn Again PrinceTwice Born PrincePrince of GothamAge: NineteenStatus: Alive 
 Jamila: 
Rightful Heir to the DemonRightful Demon's HeadDemon of DeathLeague's HopeRussian PrincessAge: EighteenStatus: Alive 
 Connor: 
Lazarus PrinceRed ArrowProphecy ChildKorean PrinceAge:EighteenStatus: Alive 
 Theseus: 
Little DevilAge: Four MonthsStatus: Alive  
 Headcannons [1]: 
 You may notice that I have Ra Al Ghul as the co founder of the League of Shadows. Its a part of another personal headcannon of mine that the Ra Al Ghul and Den Darga founded the League of Shadows together. They were childhood friends that wanted to change the world. The two of them each discovered Lazarus pits.  Ra and his father attempted to summon Manāt (goddess of fate-destiny-death) but instead they just pissed off the demon in the pit. It possessed them now for every Al Ghul born... they have a piece of the demon in them. Darga sensed Lazarus and worshipped the demon who blessed him with powers. When Ra and his father attempted the summoning, Lazarus bind himself to the Al Ghul line leaving pieces of himself within the pits. Darga called them Lazarus' Hearts. Ra and Den had different opinions about the Earth that were amplified by the effects of the Pits. Den Darga and the rest of his clan defected from the League of Shadows and established themselves as the Lu'un Darga. They will grow on to be as large as the LoS and their greatest enemies. the sequel will officially bring in Suren Darga and Mara Al Ghul. 
 Headcannons [2]: 
 There is little to no knowledge about Talia's mother. Some says she dies giving birth to Talia and others say that Ra killed her. I'm going with that she was there for Talia up until the point she died of natural causes. I placed Talia at the age of fifteen when her mother dies from sickness and as Ra doesn't think too much of her refuses her access to a Pit.Talia was supposedly born to a daimyo’s daughter. So I'm going to write to write her as the great-granddaughter of Takeda Nobutora who was a daimyo and his son Takeda Shingen was a pre-eminent daimyo. She would be the daughter of Kenshouin.So Google states Kenshouin died in 1622 which when I'm going to infer that is when Talia is born. Following my little headcannon, Kenshouin didn't die... she was kidnapped by Ra and she helped raise Talia and telling her stories of their family name. It's a part of her that Talia holds dear and does not care to share with anyone not even her son. 
Headcannons [3]: 
Jamila will kill you if you harm her family. She killed her grandfather. She killed Joker. Hurt them and you'll be running for the rest of your life. The official story is that Ra Al Ghul went missing. Its to keep Jamila from being hunted down and from being killed as a traitor to the clan. 
Headcannons [4]:
All of the children were raised in different bases. The only ones that had contact with each other were Mara and Damian. Jamila knew of all of them as she was the oldest. Even though she lived on another base, Jamila spent more time in Nanda Pardat than the others that she basically grew up there too. Jamila met Jason on one of her trips there. Instant connection. 
Headcannons [5]:
Talia tried to make sure they all lived semi normal lives. They had their schooling set for certain hours then a two hour break and then training. Weekends were spent either training or learning a skill of your choice that you like. example: Damian's artwork. You didn't get grounded. You lost privileges and had forced training with Talia, Ubu, or Ra Al Ghul himself. Talia took time off to make sure she was able to spend time with each child. Marking Jason's recovery after he was found gave her the idea of the scrapbooks. None of them have the same accent but there is somewhat of the same tilt to their words on occasion. 
Headcannons [6]:
The only order that Jamila ever refused was to kill Jason. It was before he died. Lazarus told her not to kill him. 
Headcannons [7]:
There is a universe out there where Jason is Talia's biological son. 
Headcannons [8]:
You don't have to die to have the pits water in you. [Connor's canon background states this anyway depending on which continuity you look at] 
Headcannons [9]:
The Grand Duchess Anna Petrovna of Russia is Nyssa's mother. She supposedly died in 1728 a few days after the birth of her son, Peter. I headcannon that Ra kidnapped her also. They married and she gotten pregnant with Nyssa. He left her at a compound to raise his second daughter. Anna taught Nyssa everything there was too know about her father so Nyssa goes to track him down. Anna died of natural causes and was also died access to the pits.
Headcannons [10]:
Heretic did happened but it was on Ra Al Ghul's orders. It played a part in why Jamila killed him. 
I'll probably come back and add more.

Headcanons [11] 11-01-2020
The Al Ghuls specializes in whatever killed them. Example: Jason = Bombs ; Jamila = Poisons ; Damian = Swords   You can chat with Jamila and the rest of the Al Ghul clan on tumblr @thedemonheads or you can yell at me on tumblr @kneeshee & @jaytodd2




Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



