



Malintent - aactionjohnny - wanpanman One-Punch Man
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Malintent
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/5964466.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
ワンパンマン | One-Punch Man
Relationship:
Genos/Saitama (One-Punch Man)
Character:
Genos (One-Punch Man), Saitama (One-Punch Man), Mumen Rider | License-less Rider, Amai Mask | Sweet Mask, Tank Top Brothers, Sonic (One-Punch Man), Dr. Kuseno
Additional Tags:
Villain!AU, Alternate Universe, Depression, Angst, Romance, problematic, Angst with a Happy Ending
Series:
Part 9 of
Misc. Egg/Toaster Stories
Stats:

        Published: 2016-02-09
          Completed: 2016-02-29
          Chapters: 15/15
        Words: 22385
      

Malintent
by aactionjohnny
Summary
Just an average guy who's a villain on accident.




Empty



“Did you get the thing?” Saitama asked lazily, his face half-buried in his pillow. Genos had just returned from the store on the edge of town, parting seas of people as they averted their gazes, whispered in hushed tones as he walked through the crowd.“They weren't on sale, Sensei,” he lamented, “but I got a box full.”“Hm,” came that muffled voice again. “Put it in the...thing...”Genos nodded, though he knew it went unnoticed. They had settled into an almost-silent routine; Genos could see through all the vagueness. That was how Saitama got when he became this way: vague. In words and action.He had tried his best to cheer him, but usually it amounted only to more vagueness: a sad handjob on their shared bed, a sighed thanks, and then fitful sleep that spilled over into the next afternoon and evening. Hardly romantic, hardly satisfying for either of them. Genos longed to know what it all meant; he had offered his body as a therapy, a respite from whatever was keeping Saitama so deflated, but he had been mostly denied. As if Saitama knew what it would mean to Genos. And Genos knew it could not mean the same to his sensei.Genos wanted to offer him so much more, but Saitama wanted for nothing. He had no desires, it seemed. He had not even asked Genos to go to the store to get his soda; he had simply not protested when it was offered. Genos sighed as he unpacked the box of soda, stacking them neatly on the bottom shelf of the fridge. Saitama hadn't really left home in weeks, save for the occasional trip out onto his balcony to shoo away some annoyances.People kept coming by, blathering some speech about taking him down, the faker, the poser, but they could not get in more than twenty words before they were punched to oblivion. On the days that Saitama could not rouse himself from beneath the blanket, Genos would engage in those fights in his stead. The sidewalk in front of their building had become a killing field. Neither of them was sure why they were getting so many visitors.“No fans today so far,” Saitama said through a yawn. Genos smiled weakly, happy that at least his sensei was still capable of making jokes. “Maybe they've forgotten about me.”“Maybe they've realized that you aren't a faker.”“Might as well be,” he mused on, folding one leg over the other as he turned over onto his back. “Haven't been to HQ in a month.”“We can go whenever you wish, Sensei,” Genos reminded him. He had been trying for a while to get him to return to his life as an active hero, but to no avail.“No point,” Saitama grumbled, staring at the ceiling.“Do you want a soda?” Genos asked.Silence, of course.Saitama wanted for nothing. It was mid afternoon when they got their first visitor. Saitama was sitting, finally, at the desk, with Genos on his lap.“Contact might make you feel better,” was always Genos's reason for the way he climbed onto him, how he wrapped him in his metal arms and warmed him with his core. He suspected Saitama knew the other reason.“Ha,” Saitama huffed, scrolling through some online shopping emporium. “You're like my pet.”“Would I be a cat or a dog?” Genos joked, eager to keep a pleasant conversation going, eager to pull his sensei out from under his ever-growing cloud.“Neither,” he said simply, leaning closer to the laptop, making Genos move out of the way a little. “You'd be a Genos.”“Sensei-”“Do you think we need a new futon? These are on sale.”“Oh,” Genos sighed. They had tried it in the past: some new thing to brighten up the place, like changing his surroundings would make Saitama smile more.They had a new red carpet, a new black tablecloth and all-new chrome cookery. Bought on a close-out sale, of course.“I think the one we have is fine, Sensei.”“Yeah?” Saitama craned his neck to look at it, all unmade, dented from their many nights of sleep. Stained with him, scratched from Genos's metal plating. Genos felt Saitama's arm wrap a little more tightly around his slim waist. “You're right. I've been spending too much money. Thanks, Genos.”“Yes, Sensei.”They sat like that for a while, eyeing purchases they would never make. Saitama was playing with the belt-loop of Genos's pants, mindlessly, aimlessly, like he couldn't know what he had done to his disciple. Maybe it was a signal, he considered. Some need of attention. Genos dropped one hand onto Saitama's chest, feeling for a heartbeat.He was always relieved when he felt it. Silly, he knew, but sometimes his sensei looked so lifeless...He shook his head.“Sensei,” he cooed, trying to sound cheerful, like it would ever change the outcome. He ran his hand down Saitama's chest, down to the space between his body and Genos's leg. He was met with that same old lack of enthusiasm.“Genos,” he sighed, leaning his forehead onto one of those thick metal arms, “You don't have to do that.”“I want to, Sensei,” was what he always said. “I want to make you feel better...”“It does, for a little while.”“But then?”“But then...I don't know,” he said, squirming in the chair, “I finish and I feel sort of empty. More than before...”“I'm sorry, Sensei-”“Don't-”They were interrupted by sound. Any number of projectiles, slamming against the sliding glass door of the balcony.“You have got to be kidding me,” Saitama groaned, pushing the chair backward. Genos stood up reluctantly, wishing he could spend a bit more time on top of his sensei, a bit more time trying to figure out how to make him feel less empty. “I don't wanna...”“I will take care of it, Sensei,” Genos said, patting that shining bald head with one warm hand. “Go get yourself a soda.” Genos sauntered out to the balcony, nearly happy to leave his sensei to forget their little exchange. Empty. Is that really how he made him feel? Or was that just sensei? An empty man so full of greatness, of strength. Of love, Genos wished.It was a team of them this time. They looked like a bunch of gymnasts, all stacked in a formation, twirling electric batons in their nimble fingers.“We are the Flying Circus of City C!” the one at the head of the pyramid shouted.“You're a mouthful, is what you are,” Genos spat at them, hopping down from the balcony to get closer.“Shut up!” the man coughed, tossing his baton in Genos's direction. It was effortlessly dodged. “We are the best team of heroes from Class A, and we've come to drag the villain Saitama out by his ears! Or else!”“The vil...”“Where is he?”“'The Villain Saitama?'”“You're his lackey, are you not, Demon Cyborg?”“I don't know what you're talking about, scumbag, but you'd better get off of our sidewalk!”“It's just like they said on the news, sir!” one of the gymnasts shouted to their leader. “He sends out his cyborg to threaten people!”“Why are you attacking our home if you're in Class A?”“Don't play dumb with us, kiddo,” the leader yelled, hopping down from his spot atop the pyramid. He wrapped one nimble hand around Genos's synthetic neck. “Bring him out here or we bring the building crumbling down on his fake, bald, poser head!”“Don't talk about Saitama-sensei like that,” Genos snarled, making quick work of warming his palms to send the group running and rolling away in desperation, trying to put out the flames that so accosted them.He took the stairs to get back to the apartment. He could have just jumped, but he was in no rush to tell his sensei what he had heard. When he got back into the apartment, Saitama was on the futon again, shirtless as ever, drinking one of his sodas. Genos smiled at that, at least.“Sensei-”“Genos,” he interrupted, solemnly. He pointed at the television. “We're on the news.” 



Tragic Backstory
Chapter Summary
"Why do you think people become evil?"
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Saitama rested his chin in the palm of his hand as he sat and watched the news broadcast. The media, of course, had used a very unflattering picture of him. He remembered the evening it was taken on very vaguely. He had been yelling at a crowd of people after he had destroyed the meteor.Oh, he thought, that probably had something to do with it.“Many are accusing the shamed hero of infiltrating the Hero Association with the express goal of tearing it down from the inside,” the new anchor said, too cheerfully.Genos sat down beside him, his shoulders raised nearly to his ears.“The Headquarters made a statement, claiming that they sent several envoys to his fortress in the dilapidated City Z-”“F-fortress?”“-but that those brave heroes were crushed upon arrival by either the bald villain himself, or his cybernetic henchman.”The rest of the story was a familiar sight. B-roll of people protesting Saitama's very existence, calling him a liar and a cheat, a faker and a poser. It was catching, certainly. It used to not matter to him at all, so long as justice was served. But what good was justice when the whole world hated you? He didn't want to live in a world, just though it may be, that made him start to hate himself. More than he had before.“These people sure do have active imaginations,” Saitama mused, not letting on that he was at all affected, innocuously cocking his head to the side.“Sensei...” Genos growled, his usually glowing eyes turning dark as he stood up from his spot on the futon. “We must go to Headquarters and correct this mistake.”“Hm?”“Sensei, you're not a villain, you are the greatest hero-”“Am I not?” he asked, laying down, his head hitting the floor with a thud. “Think about it, Genos...”He heard that familiar whirring that came when he said his disciple's name. Sometimes he did it just to hear the noise.“Why do you think people become evil?”“I don't know, Sensei,” Genos said, slowly making to lay down beside him. Just enough distance, though Saitama almost wished he would lay a little closer. He was warm, after all. His hands, especially, the way they rested on his back sometimes. Saitama felt a little queasy, thinking of how much those touches stirred him.“We're not born that way,” he went on, distracting himself, making the calculations in his head.“No...”“This is my tragic backstory, Genos!” he exclaimed, rising up to rest on his elbows.“I beg your pardon?”“You have one, too!” he stood up, yanking Genos by the arm to get him to stand. “I won't ask you to join me, but...”“Join you?”“They'll never change their minds about me, Genos.”  They were both silent for a moment, as Genos was hurt by how much he agreed. It was no use; all of his flattery, all of his praise, none of it would turn the public opinion in Saitama's favor. Nothing made him angrier. Of late his nightmares had shifted from his fading memories of the mad cyborg to awful scenarios of scorn placed upon his teacher.“If they won't change their minds...” Genos mumbled, making a fist and holding it before his body, “we will just have to do it for them!”“Yeah!” Saitama said, patting him on the back. “That's real villain talk!”Genos smiled wide, basking in his sensei's apparent joy. Joy. He had begun to think the man was incapable of such a sensation. He had made a promise; he would follow him anywhere. Even into the darkness. Even into the depths of hell.“I will be your loyal henchman, Saitama-Sensei,” Genos promised, placing one hand over where his heart used to be.“Nah,” Saitama shook his head. “You'll be my number two, that's a little more dignified.”Genos smiled, comforted by the fact that, though he claimed to feel so empty, his master still had a heart. Unlike Genos. Perhaps he was the empty one.For so long he had been filled only with his desire for revenge. It was only natural he should turn to evil.“So, uh,” Saitama said, placing a finger to his lip, putting on that aimless thinking face of which Genos had grown so fond. “Where do we begin?”“Hm,” Genos mumbled, beginning to pace. Like a villain. “I think we ought to go out and instill terror in our enemies.”“How do we do that?”“We go get lunch.” The walk to the noodle shop was surreal, if anything. People stared as they strode by, and Saitama was not even in his usual hero suit. That would have to change. He loved it dearly, though he supposed there was no room for love in the heart of a villain.Probably better that way.The whispers from the crowd were his favorite part.“...seen him for weeks, been inside plotting...”“...there's his lackey, oh he's handsome...”“...so bald, I wonder if...”He wanted to laugh, noting the old adage, something about how when things changed they stayed the same. The looks on their faces, they meant for than fear. It was respect. How they looked to his fists with their eyes wide, knowing they could be torn apart in an instant. How they backed away when Genos got near them, knowing that he would be ready to defend his master by any means necessary.Master was probably worse than Sensei. The more things change...Their presence cleared out the entire restaurant, and they got their meal for free.The sirens came as they got up to leave. Helicopters and police cars, SUVs marked with the Hero Association logo, many men with guns and tasers. The street lit up, quite the display, all of the beams focused on them as they stood in the entrance to the noodle shop.“Here we go, Genos,” Saitama whispered, leaning close to Genos's ear. Seldom did they speak so quietly to one another. Only in the dead of night, after a nightmare or during some desperate and sad attempt to lift his spirits. All that touching, all that staining of the futon. He felt like a villain indeed.“Villain Saitama,” a voice boomed through a megaphone. “Surrender with your hands in the air or prepare to be taken down.”Saitama cleared his throat.“Uh,” he shouted, “Yes. I am the villain, Saitama!”The crowd gasped, as if anything he could say would have changed their minds.“Stand down and lower your weapons!” Genos commanded, stepping forward with his hands raised and ready to incinerate. “My master is not a patient man!”“Genos, former S-Class,” the megaphone voice said again, “We don't want to have to hurt you.”Saitama rolled his eyes, knowing that they would have gladly hurt him had Genos not been standing so close.The man with the megaphone stepped down from his position atop one of the SUVs. He wore a pressed and tailored suit, wore his slick hair beneath a finely crafted hat.“I'll say it one more time,” he said, shouting without the megaphone. “Put your hands up.”Saitama turned his head to look at Genos. He gave him a small nod and a weak smile, and they both began to lift their hands up in surrender.That silent routine had infiltrated even their fighting, for as soon as the weapons were lowered they set off on their task. Saitama ran circles around the crowd, swiping away their weapons and knocking the officers forcefully to the ground. Genos made quick work of holding the megaphone-man by the throat and lifting him into the air.Saitama sauntered up to them, lazily as ever, furrowing his brow at the man that was suspended there in his disciple's grasp.“Call off this childish fucking display of authority,” Genos snarled, squeezing the man's neck a little tighter.“Wow, cool,” Saitama muttered, smiling, in his little way, up at the sight of his Number two doing his bidding.“Call it off,” Genos repeated, “Or my master will punch you into the next fucking century.”“Which is...really far off!” Saitama said, pounding one fist into his palm. “So...you'll be dead!”“Hck-” the man croaked.“Couldn't hear you,” Saitama said, placing a hand behind his ear and lifting himself up on the balls of his feet. “You'll have to speak up.”“S-stand down, men,” he choked, and once the forces began to retreat, Genos dropped him from his grasp.The man fell hard to his knees, his hands massaging his own throat, coughing and crying.“Now get out of here!” Saitama yelled to the crowd. “This town belongs to us now!” Us. The word echoed in Genos's head as they ran back to their apartment. Their fortress. Their lair. Sure, it did not mean what Genos had wanted it to for so long. It did not mean long, silent hand-holding or daily walks in the park, but at least it was an us. And his sensei, his master, was smiling as they traveled. And as they climbed the stairs and as he took off his shoes.Saitama popped open a can of soda then, taking a seat beside the table and turning on the news. Sure enough, there they were, on cell-phone video footage, terrorizing the exterior of a noodle shop.“Hey, we look kind of cool,” Saitama said as Genos took a seat beside him. In seiza, as always, for his master. We. 



Chapter End Notes
thank you all for reading! as always, kudos and comments are appreciated a lot. i've come to the conclusion that this story will be very angsty, somewhat funny, and overall quite romantic. hopefully i can pull it off. <3


The Bad Guys
Chapter Summary
"People will fear Master Saitama."
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




It had been a trying day.
“Do you wish to take a nap, Master?”
The honorific made his ears ring.
“No uh,” Saitama mused, stretching his arms, cracking his neck, “I'm pretty awake actually.”
“Good,” Genos said, smiling calmly. His eyes had changed already, like he had some internal algorithm for appearing evil. They were slier, darker, more piercing.
Or maybe it was just his imagination.
“So...” Saitama looked around the living room, “what do we do now?”
“I think it's customary for villains to plot their next move.”
“Ah, yes, of course,” Saitama agreed, holding one finger triumphantly in the air. “Good thinking, Genos.”
Maybe he ought to be the Number two man. Sure, he was stronger. No one could deny that. But the way Genos had choked and threatened that man, with his fine suit and his nice hat...it had been thrilling to watch.
They sat down at the table across from one another.
“Genos,” Saitama cooed, resting his elbows on the table. “Am I menacing?”
“Huh?” Genos cocked his head to the side. “Not to me, Master.”
“Hm.”
“B-but I'm certain that after today people will begin to fear you!”
 
Saitama decided that his hero suit needed a change of color. No one would flee in fear of a man dressed in bright yellow, with a lily-white cape. He sent Genos to the craft supply store for fabric dye.
Genos seemed eager to be sent on yet another errand.
“I will do whatever Master wishes,” he had nearly shouted, before nodding his head as a gentle bow and leaving the apartment with a stack of money.
“H-he's really getting into this,” Saitama stammered, trying to cool his blushing cheek with his hand. He wasn't sure what else he expected; Genos was all passion and fire. He half-assed nothing, not even his attempts to fix Saitama's mood.
His hands were always so warm.
He tried not to think about it, how cheerful he felt. He knew that recognizing it was the first sign that it was about to go away.
It always came back, that cloud.
Maybe if he let it grow and get darker he would no longer remember the feeling of blue skies.
He turned off the loud TV and rearranged some of the furniture, but this time not to cheer himself.
“Villains have more decorations, probably,” he said to himself, considering calling Genos's mobile phone to request some cheap, thrift-store art. He decided that his Number two had done enough for one day. No use being an overzealous master. After all, they had just begun. Instead he went to the fridge for another soda. “Thirsty today,” he noted, seeing the dent he had already made in the supply of cans.
He always felt a little thirsty. Like when you wake up in the morning and need a glass of water, but all of the time. No matter how well he hydrated himself, still his throat felt dry and empty.
But before, outside of the noodle shop, his face dripping with sweat and his hands shaking with uneasiness, his mouth felt full of threatening words and terror.
 
Genos returned with a bag full of fabric dye. He had also purchased two large basins.
“Black and red, just like you asked for, Master,” he said, too cheerfully for a villain, but Saitama couldn't bring himself to correct it. All that would come with time.
“Thank you, Genos,” he replied, trying to sound rougher, darker, though it was no use. He decided to hold off on practicing. “What about you?”
“Me?” he asked, placing the supplies on the table. “I don't have a uniform as it is. I suppose I'll just wear a lot of black.”
“That'll look great!” Saitama exclaimed, wishing he hadn't sounded so enthused. It was true, though; when Genos wore black he seemed to move like a shadow, or a silhouette against the flames that danced from between his metal plating. “What about names?”
“Names?”
“Yeah, like...” He thought for a second. “Well, Demon Cyborg is probably okay as it is.”
“Master doesn't need a new name,” Genos said, as if he had already considered it. “People will fear you regardless. People will fear Master Saitama.”
Saitama grinned, liking the sound of that.
They set about dyeing the hero suit. The villain suit. Saitama detached the cape from the body of it and set it aside. Genos read the instructions on the bottle of dye carefully, out loud, step-by-step.
“Do not add extra water to the dye,” he recited, placing the basins in front of Saitama. “Leave the article in the dye for twenty-four hours.”
“Twenty-four hours?” Saitama exclaimed. “That's a long time.”
“There is much we can do until then, Master,” Genos assured him, submerging the suit in the dye. Saitama did the same with the cape, admiring the way the red swirled around his wrists as he plunged them into the liquid.
“Like what?”
“That show you like is having a marathon.”
Saitama grinned once again, wiping his dyed-red hands with an old towel. He had forgotten that villains still got to watch TV with their roommate. They still got to sit on the floor doing arts and crafts, still got to drink tea in the afternoon and relax on their bed.
 
Genos was sitting seiza again, next to Saitama on the futon as they watched the marathon.
“Dude, don't do that,” Saitama said, poking him in the leg. Genos shuddered.
“What?”
“Maybe sit like you're evil.”
“I do this out of respect for Master.”
Saitama's face, Genos could have sworn, turned a little pink when he looked away.
“Hm, okay. I should get like, a big chair or something. That swivels. And you could sit next to it.”
“Or on your lap, like at the computer,” Genos said quickly, loudly, like he could not stop it.
“What, like a cat?” he asked, miming the motion of petting some furry thing in his arms.
“No,” he smiled, “like a Genos.”
Saitama laughed.
“O-okay,” he said, sliding back until he was sitting against the wall. Genos timidly rose to his knees and inched toward him. He stayed sitting on the ground, but swung his legs over Saitama's lap.
“There's just one thing bothering me, Master Saitama,” Genos said gently, resting his head against Saitama's shoulder.
“What is it, Genos?”
He felt one strong arm slide around his back.
“The bad guys always lose.”
Saitama was quiet for a second, his fingers playing with the fabric of Genos's shirt.
“Nah, that's just in comics,” he said, smiling through it. “I never lose, remember?”
 
**
Somewhere, deep in the many-leveled basement of Headquarters, they had their meeting. It began with much chatter.
“...did you see the way that he...”
“....that faker will be the end of us all!”
“The poor boy, what's he gotten himself into...”
The gavel sounded and the room went quiet. The host of the meeting coughed.
“Class S has been assigned with discussing and planning the tactical means by which we will take down this enemy threat,” he said. “The time has ended for low-level heroes to be sent to their deaths on the villain Saitama's balcony.”
Chatter again, low voices mumbling in agreement or otherwise.
“Mr. Sweet Mask,” the host said in a low voice. “I did not realize you were invited to this meeting.”
“I invited myself,” he said. “I have a...special interest in this threat.”
He was met with no objections.
“Our objective is to take down the former hero once known as Caped Baldy, and to seize the former hero once known as Demon Cyborg. We have reason to believe he is being manipulated.”
Tank Top Master stood up, as if on cue.
“My brothers and I,” he began, folding his arms across his massive chest, “are prepared to seek out the villain Saitama's dwelling and take him down with force.”
The host nodded. Again, more chatter.
“...his brothers are only in C and B...”
“...seeking out glory, he wants to up his rank.”
The gavel pounded on the desk once again.
“We will have further meetings as the situation progresses. Everyone stay alert. We are to consider any resistance from the villain Saitama as hostile.”
 



Chapter End Notes
i have no one to blame but myself


Victory
Chapter Summary
"The neighborhood had already been abandoned, but it was flowing with a new sort of silence. The kind that waits for noise."
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Genos tried not to watch as Saitama pulled on his newly-dyed villain suit. The black and red dyes took easily to the fabric; it looked velvety and dark. Pure evil. He slid his arms into the sleeves slowly, ceremoniously, grinning at himself in the full-length mirror. They had not realized how long it would take to dry; once the dye had set in, they had to leave it on the balcony for a few days.Genos had worn all black.“What do you think?” his master asked, turning around and holding out his arms.“Try it with the gloves,” Genos suggested, noting that Saitama's hands looked naked at the end of those black sleeves.“Right!”He swiftly shoved his fingers into the red gloves, and Genos flinched at the snapping sound they made as he pulled them taut.“That looks good, Master,” Genos sighed, unable to hide his enthusiasm.They had no immediate plans to do anything villainous; they had concluded that the action usually came to them. And so they sat at the desk, studying villain history on the internet, Genos sitting pertly in Saitama's lap. He swung one heavy arm around his Master's shoulders, leaning his head into the curve of his neck, as had quickly become customary.“See? Those bad guys won,” Saitama said, pointing at the screen. The article was an eyewitness account of a pair of bank robbers, two lovers running from the law, who managed to escape confinement. They were never seen again.“But we aren't bank robbers, Master,” Genos lamented, still hanging onto that worry. “What we do is more dangerous.”“Fear not, my pet,” Saitama said, sly and low. Genos shivered. He was getting so good at sounding evil, more comfortable in his malice, in his authority. “It's no more dangerous than being a hero.”“I suppose not.”“You just have to be more careful not to get yourself torn apart,” Saitama warned.“I know, Master. Sorry, Master.”“Don't apologize, Genos,” he said, turning his head to look at him. “I just...I don't want to do this alone, is all.”They left it at that, though Genos had a thousand words behind his teeth.  Once Saitama had grown bored of research, he moved on to shopping. Something to darken up the place.Despite his ease, his relaxed state, he felt nervous, though he wasn't sure exactly why. He knew part of him was eager to fight, to win, to begin conquering. But another part was focused solely on Genos's body in his lap. He was softer there, in the hips, then he would have guessed. Saitama hoped, dear god, that he wouldn't show how much he was enjoying it.The third part of him wanted Genos to know. The third part of him wanted to find that perfect, big chair with the high back, so that they may sit like this more comfortably. Among other things. The third part loved how his arms fit around his Number two's waist, slender despite its strength and weight. That part loved the way it sounded, my pet, though it had started as a joke.He felt wide awake. But still thirsty. They took their tea on the balcony, surveying their little kingdom with pride. The neighborhood had already been abandoned, but it was flowing with a new sort of silence. The kind that waits for noise. Many petty criminals, junkies, small-time villains and whatnot, had started to squat in the ruined buildings.They felt safe beside the villain Saitama and his Demon Cyborg.Funny, Saitama thought. Now he had a fan club. Perhaps he should have done this sooner.But then he may have been doing it alone.“How do you think your fans feel right now, Genos?” he asked, leaning on the railing.“I don't really care,” he said flatly. “I never did, you know that, Master.”“You have a lot of young ladies to disappoint. Or maybe they'll become villains to.”“I still wouldn't care,” he repeated. “It was never my goal to be popular.”“Yeah...”“I had only one goal. To avenge my family.”“We can still do that, Genos,” he assured him. “Don't think I've forgotten.”“I have two goals now. I also want to follow you, Master Saitama,” at that he turned his head, eyes aglow, systems whirring and clicking. “I've said it before but...”Saitama closed his eyes, knowing what was coming next. Waves of praise he did not deserve.“Look!” Genos shouted suddenly, his yellow pupils spinning to zoom. Saitama turned his head. Three figures were approaching, slow but with purpose. “It's those damn Tank Top Brothers.”“Oh,” Saitama said, cracking his knuckles, “I always hated those guys.”“Two of them once tried to shame you publicly, Master. They will have to pay.”“What about the other guy? Tank Top Whats-it?”“Tank Top Master,” Genos growled. “I've sat with him at S Class meetings. He's just as much of a bastard.”“Well then, Genos,” Saitama said, his voice stuck in that sly, villainous tone, “let's get to it.”He tapped Genos on the forehead with the back of his hand and swiftly jumped over the railing. He didn't turn to look back at his Number two, who no doubt still stood dumbfounded at his touch. Always, and Saitama would not admit that Genos's baffled expression was most of the reason he kept sharing that playful smack. Together they strode toward the approaching enemies, matching their pace, that hands balled into fists as they stared them down.The Tank Top Brothers didn't look frightened. Yet.“Villain Saitama!” Tank Top Master shouted, pointing one meaty finger in his direction. “We are giving you the opportunity to surrender!”“Oh,” Saitama touched his hand to his chin. “No thank you, we're alright.”“Demon Cyborg Genos,” the hero went on, “Step aside. We do not wish to harm you. We came to free you from this man's clutches.”“Shut your mouth,” Genos spat, his fists shaking at his sides. “If you wish to take down my Master you will have to take me down as well.”“Very well,” Tank Top Master went on. “We thought you might say something like that. Brothers!”Tank Top Tiger and Black Hole stood at attention.“Take down the baldy,” he commanded. “The robot boy and I have a score to settle.”“He's a cyborg!” Saitama corrected, pointing to Genos's lifelike face.The brothers wanted to hear none of it. They charged, muscles rippling like a threat, lifting their fists in preparation to fight.Saitama stepped out of the way of their blows, walking backwards on the cracked street. They missed him at every chance.Genos was shooting his flames at Tank Top Master. Nice, Saitama thought. He can handle that one.“Tank Top Twin Takedown!” the two lower-class brothers yelled in unison, both charging at Saitama at the same time.“That's a stupid name,” he mused. As they got close he grabbed them each by a wrist, pulling them into the air over his head. He slammed them into the concrete, mercilessly, with all his saved-up might. He grunted as they came crashing down, laughing a little, from his gut. It felt good, hearing their cries as they realized they had lost.He left them, unsure and uncaring whether they were unconscious or dead, and strode over to where Genos was fighting with Tank Top Master.In his elation, in his fog of fighting glory when he had defeated the other two brothers, he had ceased to pay attention to the other battle taking place.Genos was laying on the pavement, one arm barely attached, hanging on by mere wires and cables. Tank Top Master was holding a large chunk of the broken road over his disciple's head, and Saitama set off on a run.He crouched beneath the mass of rock, let it lean onto his shoulders, protecting Genos from the impact. He pushed it back, sending Tank Top Master sliding back down the sidewalk.“You changed your mind pretty quickly,” Saitama said, walking slowly toward his foe. “I thought you didn't want to hurt my Demon Cyborg.”“It's too late for him,” Tank Top Master snarled. “He is already under your evil spell!”“Dude, that's so dramatic,” Saitama groaned, placing one foot on his adversary's neck as he lay on the ground. “Get out of here. Now, if you want to live. Tell the Hero Association to stay out of City Z if they know what's good for them.”He released his neck, only after pressing his foot into it a little harder, and watched as he ran into the distance.His brothers still lay unmoving on the ground.“Genos!” Saitama said, kneeling down to inspect the damage. “You got all beat up again.”“I'm very sorry, Master,” he lamented, looking at the ground. Saitama put his strong hands under Genos's arms, lifted him up to a standing position.“It's alright, my pet,” he cooed, relieved that his Number two was able to walk. “We'll fix you up.”“Thank you, Master Saitama,” Genos said, able to smile despite his injuries. They stood facing one another, Saitama's hands on Genos's shoulders.“I'm just glad you're alright,” he admitted. “And hey, we won!”“We won,” Genos repeated, smiling still, his body leaning a little into Saitama's grasp, as if weak.When Saitama kissed him he wished he had done it sooner. Just like becoming a villain. They stood close, over the cracks in the road, under the broken balconies of City Z. He started out shy, pecking at him like a hungry little bird, waiting for Genos to open his mouth for him. Once those synthetic lips, though they felt so real, parted, Saitama felt his stomach twist into knots, felt his ears turn red-hot and felt his toes go numb.He had won, that was for sure. Such a victory, his disciple, quaking in his arms as they kissed. Two new villains, wrapped in the evil of each other, Saitama's red cape flapping in the wind.Their somewhat chaste celebration continued into the evening and the night, and they parted from one another only to breathe. 



Chapter End Notes
nothing like a slow descent into evil to put you in the mood for smooches


Repairs
Chapter Summary
"He had always been a little angry anyway."
Chapter Notes
thus began the sad

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Saitama had done his best to reattach Genos's arm, once they had exhausted themselves that night. It held for a few weeks, but eventually it came loose again.Genos had insisted on traveling alone to the Doctor's laboratory, not wanting for his Master to be once again accused of manipulating him into becoming a villain. How dare they, he thought over and over, insult Saitama like that. And how dare they question his own free will? In truth, he felt that the Hero Association had treated him as more of a pawn than Master Saitama ever could. He was his Number two, his Pet, his most trusted adviser in all matters.Genos had been putting off this visit for some time. The old man was sensitive, fragile, though he would never show it. He had taken Genos under his wing, so to speak. Genos knew he was loved greatly by him, and hoped that he would not be rebuked or chided too harshly for his recent change in career.But he had no choice, he knew, looking at how his arm swayed limply at his side. He needed a tune-up. He needed to get stronger for Master Saitama. He needed new parts. The tea was already brewing when he entered the lab, and he figured Dr. Kuseno must have seen him coming up the gravel pathway. So modest for a genius robotics engineer.“Genos!” the doctor said cheerfully, approaching him with open arms. He took him into an embrace, a rare and nervous act. “So glad you've finally come to your senses.”“What do you mean?” Genos asked, not reciprocating the hug, leaving his weak arms dangling.“Oh,” Dr. Kuseno mumbled, pulling away, “Genos...”“I need you to repair me, Dr. Stench,” he said, nearly snarling. The wideness, the wetness of the doctor's eyes made him twitch. “I need to get stronger.”“Why? So you can continue on this folly?” the doctor chided, stepping away and turning his back to Genos. “I understand that you love that man, but you can't allow him to-”“Shut your mouth,” Genos spat, making a fist with his one good hand. “Do not speak ill of my Master.”The doctor was silent, staring at Genos, until he turned around to pour them some tea.“Very well,” he said through a sigh. “I'll fix you. But only...only because it pains me to see you like this, Genos.” He indicated the broken arm, the scratched plating.“I also need some new parts,” Genos said, taking the cup of tea he was offered.“Oh? Like what?”“Something to please Master Saitama with,” he said into the hot liquid, refusing to meet the doctor's gaze.The old man spat hot tea out of his mouth.“Genos...”They stared one another down again, Dr. Kuseno's face gradually losing its staunchness, it's protest. His eyebrows fell.“I can fix you,” he said softly. “but I won't let you give your body to a man like him.”Genos threw the still-full mug to the floor, the ceramic scattering at their feet. With his good hand he grabbed the doctor's neck, pushed him roughly against the wall of the kitchenette.It was quiet for a moment, nothing but the whirring of Genos's core, the clicking of the many computers of the lab.“You'll do what I want, doctor,” Genos growled. “You'll make me stronger. You'll let me be my Master's pet.”“Hck-”“Or you will meet your end,” he threatened, his voice weakening. It felt awful, and it felt like ecstasy. “There are others I can turn to to do my repairs.”“G-Genos, please-” Dr. Kuseno pleaded, wrapping his weak, old fingers around Genos's wrist. Slowly he lowered the old man back to the ground.“What will it be then, doctor?” he asked, letting his eyes lose their glow.“Genos, my dear boy,” he whimpered. “I won't have you kill me.”“Hm?”“I'll do what you want, Genos,” he said, the words struggling to leave his throat, so recently constricted. “But only because I can't let you kill me.”“Why's that?”“Because then I'll know it's too late for you,” he said.Genos felt the oil welling up behind his eyes, felt the phantom pain of his broken arm stretch up through all his wires. He did not want his threats to be empty.“I was meant for this, doctor,” Genos said, low as he could, in his best villain-voice. “I'm a machine of war, and you made me this way.”“I regret it every day.” He insisted on being awake for the procedure, claiming that he couldn't trust the doctor to do exactly as he wished. The old man worked silently, switching out his parts, his incinerators, his cannons.No attempts at small talk were made, though Genos wished he could ease the tension that filled the operating room.“I don't want you to think I'm doing this only because of him,” Genos said finally.“I know,” the doctor lamented, pausing his work. “I don't know why I'm surprised, and I know there's nothing I can do to stop you. But promise me one thing, Genos.”“Of course, doctor,” he said, softening. His love for the old man came back. That warmth, that gratitude.“Don't give up on your original goal. Don't become so blinded by malice that you forget about the one who ruined your life.”Genos was silent again, accosted by those memories. The burning, the pain.“Don't....” Dr. Kuseno stammered. “Don't become what it is that you've been chasing all this time.”Genos nodded, relaxing his head back down onto the table, letting himself get somewhat comfortable.The doctor's face was red as he deconstructed Genos's pelvic area. He was gentle, handling each part gingerly as if Genos were made of real human flesh. Genos didn't look down for most of it, for he too, felt a little bashful. He felt screws and wires, he felt clicking and shifting. It even hurt a little, once the doctor had finished.It was almost a familiar pain, like he had felt it years ago before the mad cyborg robbed him of his body.“Good as new, my dear boy,” the doctor said softly, helping Genos sit up.“Thank you, doctor,” he said, looking down at his fresh repairs. He was shining, somehow more slender than before, but he felt sturdy. Strong and unmovable like his master.He left without another word, for he knew that speaking would render him useless again. He would weep, scream, apologize over and over.He buried it alive. Stuffed down his sorrow. Isn't that what villains do? They forget to be sad. They let it make them angry.He had always been a little angry anyway.But now he could be angry at his master's side. 



Chapter End Notes
anyway, here's wonderwalllucybed.tumblr.com for more of me and whatnot


Pet
Chapter Summary
" He gulped, feeling truly evil, filled with some vengeful energy. He wanted to fill Genos with it, spill it all into his body like some offering."
Chapter Notes
(imagine me raising my eyebrows suggestively)

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




 Saitama grinned at the news report as he sat in his chair, some thrift-store monstrosity with wide armrests he had bought that morning, listening to the horrible things people were saying about him.Finally it didn't hurt. Finally their insults felt more like praise.“Experts are calling him the biggest threat of the decade,” the anchor recited. “He and his partner, the now-infamous Demon Cyborg, have a monopoly on the defeat of monsters and heroes alike. Most are calling them menaces, though some argue that they are warriors against corruption.”The letters had started coming in, too. They were stacked on the desk, and Saitama began to sift through them. He found an inordinate amount of envelopes addressed to him.Saitama had always claimed he hadn't gotten into the hero business for recognition, and he thought he had become a villain under the same philosophy.Either way, it didn't matter. He had his home and his Genos. His quiet, abandoned city and his comfy old chair.He rested his elbows on his knees, leaning forward to look more menacing. For no one. He cupped his face in his hands, tapping his fingers on his cheeks like he was plotting.“There's nothing to do, really,” he said out loud. He wished that Genos was home. Of late they had been so close, always. Never not touching. Genos on his lap singing his praises, rubbing against his thighs and crotch like a good pet. Genos running rubber-and-metal fingers over his bare scalp, Genos whispering in his ear. He felt hungry, thirsty, predatory like he wanted to strap his subordinate to his new-old chair and have his way. “I ought to make him dinner,” he mused, turning to look at their well-stocked kitchen. Of late the stores had been giving them discounts out of fear. Some fans had even sent them baskets of fruit. Baked goods from droves of young women, begging Genos to change his mind. Saitama huffed; Genos was his pet and his alone. No army of fans could take him away.What did Genos like best, he pondered, getting up to search the cabinets.“Me,” he muttered.As he stood on his tip-toes to grab a bag of rice, he heard a key turning in the lock. Genos's arms were full of grocery bags, so he pushed the door open with his back once Saitama had turned the knob for him. He must have heard how Genos fumbled with the key.He was still adjusting to his repairs, so smooth and well-oiled.“You went shopping?” Saitama asked, relieving him of one of the bags. Genos smirked.“Uh, not exactly, Master,” he said, scratching the back of his neck.In truth he had come across a very rich man, walking ahead of his assistant who carried his many groceries. He had been yelling obscenities at his apparent whipping boy, blaming him over and over for bruising his tomatoes.“You can use them for a sauce,” Genos had growled at him, holding up one fiery hand to the man's face. “I will fry you like a green tomato, you snobby son of a bitch.” He felt so mad, seeing someone treating their subordinate that way. Master Saitama would never do that. He treated his dear pet with such kindness and love.Genos convinced the man to give the grocery-carrier all of the money in his wallet. And a little bit to Genos, because they were out of soda at home. The young man thanked him, he guessed, by dropping the groceries and running away in utter fear, the wad of cash clutched in his fist.He felt like Robin Hood. Amoral for a good cause, his paramour up so many stairs in his little castle.“Hm,” Saitama said after hearing the story. “Good. We have a new enemy in the rich folk.”“No amount of money can stop us, Master Saitama.”“How was the doctor?” he asked, putting away the perishable items in the fridge. Genos watched the way his strong but somehow delicate hands gripped the cartons and boxes and bags, how he handled them with such care. Like his pet.“He has his misgivings, as expected, Master,” Genos said, sighing but still taking every opportunity to turn his master's face red. “But he fixed me. I'm smoother now.”Saitama grinned and ran his hand up Genos's newly-fixed arm.“You look good, my pet,” he said, leaning forward to peck Genos innocently on the cheek. Genos smiled wide, comforted by the fact this things were very much the same between them, with an added bonus.Evil had made them no less domestic, no less in tune. It had gained them respect and free groceries. He wanted to spend a lifetime cooking meals earned by malice and intimidation, digesting as he sat across Saitama's lap forever.Saitama ran his hand down Genos's cheek.“I assume to doctor will not be a problem for us?” he asked, his brow furrowed.“No, Master,” Genos said, ignoring that tightness in his chest. “He loves me too well.”“Hm. Maybe he'll be on our side.”“The Scientist for Evil.”“Yeah!”Genos turned away to clean up the living room, always left in such disarray when he was gone. The chair, so old and patchy, still it looked perfect against the white wall. He smiled, proud of his master for making such a frugal purchase. He wanted so badly to tell him of his new parts, to strip down to his bare metal body and give himself up. Would he be rough or gentle? Would he cry or yell?He decided he had to know.“Master,” he cooed, walking over to lean on the counter shared by the kitchen and the living room. “Will you sit?”“Hm?”“Sit for me.”Saitama nodded his head, his ears nearly steaming as he put away the final grocery item.Genos led him to the chair, pushed him down by the shoulders until he landed on the cushion. Genos climbed on top, straddling him this time, not so coyly sitting across him as he usually did. Saitama put his hands on the armrests, easing into his comfort, leaning back all the way.“What are you doing, Genos?” he asked, like he already knew the answer, grinning in his new evil way.“I want to please you, Master,” Genos said, lowering himself so that they met at the hips. Their kiss was rough, desperate. Evil with its biting and it's deep, languid tongues. Saitama moved his hands to Genos's backside, gripping him, spreading him. He was softer there now. “What do you want?”“Be a good pet, Genos,” he whispered. “Undress me.”Genos nodded, dropping his hands down to the hem of Saitama's t-shirt. So white and nearly sheer. Genos could almost see beneath it. He lifted it slowly, hoping it was agonizing.“Now you,” Saitama said, his voice still hushed, like anyone could hear him. Genos removed his sleeveless shirt, tossing it aside like trash. Swiftly Saitama moved to run his hands over the smooth metal plating, over the exposed wires that made Genos shiver above him. “Good.”Genos leaned back a little, making room so that he could accost the button-fly of Saitama's pants. Already it was straining to stay buttoned, his master pressing hard against the seams. He pulled them down just enough, revealing his master's defined pelvic muscles, his little trail of hair. Genos reached into his briefs, making sure his hands were just warm enough.He had touched him there before, when he had tried to fix him. Never was he so hard, never were they kissing when it happened.“Genos,” he said suddenly, grabbing him by the chin and pulling him away from his lips. “How am I supposed to fuck you?”Genos laughed, coyly, teasing.“You're more evil than I thought, my pet,” Saitama growled, moving his hand to Genos's throat. Genos smiled wide, loving the sensation of those strong fingers on his wires. “Oh, you like that?” he asked, gripping a little harder.Genos had never been so happy to not have a functioning respiratory system. His master was a villain indeed, touching him that way, his one hand so rough on his throat but the other resting gently on his hip.Saitama pulled him back in by the neck, piercing through his lips with that thick, strong tongue. Genos was whirring, quaking, nearly vibrating against him.He struggled free of that harsh grasp, stood up in front of the chair, leaving his master panting and reaching for him.“Take off your pants, Master,” he said, innocently as he could. Instead of bothering to argue about who was really in charge, Saitama nodded and pulled his jeans down, kicking them aside. Smiling at his compliance, Genos slid his own black pants down his legs and stepped out of them.He sat across his master's lap, like usual, one arm around his wide shoulders, his cool metal body pressing hard against Saitama's cock.“Do you feel like a villain, Master?” he asked, nearly silent, breathing into Saitama's ear. “Genos,” Saitama croaked, wrapping his arms around Genos's slender waist. “You're not being a very good pet.”“Disobedient?”“Yeah.”“Discipline me.”Saitama felt his chest flutter, felt his head feel suddenly so large and empty, like he was full of air. Hot and cold air all at once. He slid a hand up Genos's chest until he reached his face, tapped him lightly on the cheek, a smack by any normal person's standards.“Sit on the floor, Pet” he commanded, pushing his disciple away. Genos obliged, turning his body to burrow between Saitama's knees.“This is where I belong, Master,” he mumbled against the fabric of Saitama's briefs. “Serving the villain Saitama, kneeling at his feet.”“H-holy shit, Genos,” he stammered, suddenly turning so coy. He had been playing their little game, giving Genos that rough but tender treatment he seemed to be begging for, but then the reality hit him. He gulped, feeling truly evil, filled with some vengeful energy. He wanted to fill Genos with it, spill it all into his body like some offering. He placed his hand in Genos's hair and gave in to the villainy, pushing his head down between his legs.Genos tugged at the elastic waistband with his teeth, pulling the briefs down roughly until they fell to the floor. All the while Saitama kept his hand in that messy blond hair.When they had kissed, Saitama always had admired the way Genos's saliva tasted so real, how the inside of his cheeks felt genuine, how his tongue was strong and warm. But then, as he melted into his thrift-store chair, all of it was wrapped around his cock.“G-good boy, Genos,” he stammered.He let him go on for a few minutes, admiring his face down there, how his cheeks grew hot and how he did not need to come up for air. Such a pretty little pet at his feet. Genos groaned into it, hearing his master's praise. Saitama felt he might come from it, but still he had another goal.Harshly he pulled Genos off of him, away from him, and he shivered at the sight of his open mouth, at his forward lean, like he was still hungry.“Give that back,” Genos begged, licking his lips.Another gentle smack to his synthetic cheek.“Can I fuck you now or what?” he demanded to know. So unlike him. So unlike him when he was a good person, a hero for fun. He had wanted for nothing, felt no desire, demanded nothing from anyone.“Yes,” Genos said calmly, standing up. He opened a panel on his chest, behind which there was a small black button, nearly heart-shaped. He climbed back on top of Saitama, straddling him once again in the chair. “Press it.”Saitama did him one better; he grabbed Genos by the back and pulled him in, licking up his wires and plating, until he reached the button. Which a rough kiss he pressed it in, drooling at the sound of Genos's sighs.He heard a clicking sound from Genos's pelvic area.Genos hoisted himself up a little, leaning back to reveal what had been installed beneath him.It looked soft, pliable but tight. Saitama reached below to touch it and found that it was already smooth and lubricated. He slid in one finger, feeling the skin-like fibers. It felt so real. Like his own when he would tease himself, but warmer, softer.“But you didn't get a, uh-” Saitama struggled to form words, placing his hand gingerly where Genos's cock should be.“I told you,” he said, cupping Saitama's cheeks in his warm hands. “I only want to serve you, villain.”Saitama felt his face soften. Such a sweet, selfless pet.Genos lowered himself down, slowly taking in every inch of his master, letting out little puffs of steam each time he felt that throbbing inside him. Saitama's face looked weak, pink, and he hid it in Genos's rumbling chest, gripping hard onto his body as if he had lost all his strength. Some villain, showing his weakness. Genos was elated to know that no one else got to see him fall apart like this.Genos grabbed at Saitama's hand and moved it to his own throat.  “No, Genos,” he cooed, reaching instead to the back of his neck, pulling him in gently. He placed one sweet kiss on his lips, and then he started to move inside of him. Gentle, slow, as if Genos was made of more delicate stuff than he was. Genos matched his rhythm, using the joints in his legs to lift and lower himself, moving his face to the curve of Saitama's neck. He could hear the desperate panting from his master's mouth. Those strong arms were around his neck, embracing him.“You're so sweet, Master,” Genos could not help but say, shaking at the feeling of being handled so gently.“Only to you,” he corrected. “I'll be the most evil person on the planet but I'll never hurt you, my pet.”Genos began to weep, letting the oily tears drip onto Saitama's bare shoulder. He hated to cry, usually. But there, taking all his master had to give to him, curling his hips to meet him at the perfect angle, his tears felt good. The wetness of them, the way his master moved his hand to wipe them away.He felt him come, marveling at how sensitive his new part was, how he could feel every warm drop, every pulse that shot out of him. He tightened himself, kept it all, let out one final sob as his master finished.He was pleased to see that simple smile on Saitama's face. It had once been so rare.The strongest, the most evil, and Genos was on his lap, as his pet, as his lover. Saitama watched from his chair, naked still, as Genos cleaned up the living room. He wanted to help, but he felt too spent. The place smelled of sweat and come and oil, and he breathed it in. That was what evil should smell like. 



Chapter End Notes
it is way too early in the morning for this. this is not the end! of the porn nor the story as a whole! it's not even halfway over! *cries* if anyone on tumblr or whatever wants to draw anything from this story or anything i've written, that would totally fucking cool and i would love you forever. no pressure though. it's just that every artist who ive seen make opm fan art has been so talented and brilliant.lucbev.tumblr.com tag me if you do


A Weakness
Chapter Summary
"Villains don't make love like heroes do."
Chapter Notes
Saitama is a little soft-boiled in this chapter because of his robo boo. But a villain can't afford to have any weaknesses.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Saitama made dinner in his underwear. Something easy, because he was tired, and distracted by Genos wrapping his arms around him from behind all the while.“I love you, Master,” he whispered into his skin, swaying him a little bit where they stood.“Genos,” Saitama warned, “don't call me 'Master' when you say that you love me.”“Yes Master. Sorry Master.”Saitama exhaled a laugh and turned around, still happily trapped in Genos's embrace.“Just say it regular.”“Hm?”“Just say 'I love you' and then nothing,” he begged.“I love you,” Genos struggled, his lips pursed together as if to hold back and further words.“Love you too,” Saitama mumbled, the words feeling foreign in his mouth. He had never really said it to anyone before.Their lair, their fortress, it still felt like a home. They kissed to the sound of the boiling water until the rice was done. Saitama could feel himself getting hard, in the kitchen, which was strange. He knew that, if he only asked, Genos would make himself available for another round of whatever it was that they had done.Fucking, Saitama thought bashfully. Villains don't make love like heroes do.But he was hungry, worn out, his stomach rumbling loud enough for Genos to hear.“Let me finish dinner, Master Saitama,” Genos said, still so cheerful in his evilness. “You should put on some sweatpants. It's cold in the living room.”Saitama smiled as he kissed Genos on the cheek. When he made it to the living room he groped around for some clean laundry, their chores having been somewhat neglected of late.Genos was still so sweet, nearly innocent though he had so recently been straddling his master, sweating and panting.Saitama pushed down his guilt, let it fill his growling stomach. He had led Genos down this path. In the afterglow he wondered, worried that Genos's love for him was the only motivation behind his descent into evil.“Genos,” he said, loud enough for him to hear over the sizzling sounds of his cooking.“Yes?”No Master, which made Saitama smile again.“Do you like being a villain? I mean, really like it?” he asked out of obligation, that little shred of decency he held onto. He realized then that his answer did not really matter, though he tried to ignore that. It was too late, his dark cloud had already rendered the sky overcast.Genos was silent for a moment.“There are...things about it I could do without,” he admitted. Saitama nodded solemnly, thinking of the good doctor. Of their few friends in the Hero Association. He stifled that. Bureaucrats, all of them. “But in general...”“In general?”“My explanation might be more than twenty words, Master,” Genos mumbled, looking down at the tile floor of the kitchen, playing with the hem of his apron. Pink, still. But beneath it he looked villainous.“It's okay, go ahead,” Saitama encouraged.“To me it does not matter whether I am on the side of good or evil,” Genos said slowly. “The only things that matter to me are my goals. I want to one day defeat the mad cyborg, and I want to follow Master Saitama down whichever path he chooses.”That third-person thing was really growing on Saitama.“But-”“I'm not finished, Master,” Genos interrupted, growing bold. Good. Saitama wanted not for his Number two to be docile and passive as he was in their intimacy. Genos sighed before he went on. “I feel better as a villain. I have fewer nightmares. We've become the nightmares people have. But I know deep within my core that we could never be as evil as the one who nearly took my life. There's a right way to be evil.”“A right way?”“To do it with someone you love, because it makes them happy.”Saitama smiled, a weak grin, a guilty grin. Slowly it curved upward, slowly it became the menacing look of which Genos had grown so fond.“We'll find that mad cyborg one day, Genos,” he said, “and we'll take down whoever gets in our way. No matter who they are. Until then...”“It's as I said, Master,” Genos clicked off the burner on the stove with such gusto, and then he strode into the living room and knelt before Saitama, pressing his head against his strong lap. “I will follow you in every way.”They stayed there for a while, Saitama's hands in Genos's hair. He wanted to believe him. He decided he had to. There was no room for doubt in this evil.His grin grew wide as he thought of their next move, and his hands felt ready to ball up into fists to punch his way through whatever might come.“Very well, my pet,” he said, tilting Genos's face up by the chin. “So what's our next move?”“Dinner, Master Saitama,” Genos said sweetly. “Is there something you wanted to do after?”“Yeah,” he nodded, “I want to finish off that Tank Top Asshole.” *** “The time has ended when we could afford to take this lightly,” Sweet Mask said calmly, resting his hands on the conference room table.“We're running out of options, pretty boy,” Tornado spat, her feet leaving the ground as she grew more angry, hovering and floating to appear a little taller.“We still have weaknesses we can exploit,” he went on, ignoring her.“Idiot!” she yelled. “His only weakness is Demon Cyborg! And that boy will never leave him. And do you really think a man as evil as that baldy would for one second consider giving up someone so devoted to him? Someone so blinded by his charm and charisma?”“Quiet, woman,” Sweet Mask spat, slamming his fist on the table. “There is one more weakness he has.”The door burst open and a man in a suit ran panting into the room.“This is a private meeting!” Tornado shouted.“I beg your pardon ma'am, sir,” the suit said. “But I've come with urgent news.”“Spill it.”“It's Tank Top Master,” he said, “He's in critical condition. And we found a note on him.”Tornado snatched it from his hands. 
Beware the villain Saitama and his Demon Cyborg.
 “They tried to kill him, we think,” the man said, “but they left him alive. We're not sure-”“He's gone too far, now. He's getting cocky, taking down an S class,” Tornado interrupted, crumpling the note in her tiny fist. “Sweet Mask.”“Yes?”“What exactly is your plan?” 



Chapter End Notes
cut to: me wiping sweat off my brow


Pleased
Chapter Summary
"He had him all to himself. No other pet could love him so."
Chapter Notes
I just want to thank everyone for reading, and for your lovely comments.  I'm super grateful to be a part of this fandom.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




King had stopped coming over to play video games some time ago.To Saitama it only meant that he could never lose.No more dating sims, either. They were so full of shit. Saitama knew the only way to fall in love was to have it fall in your lap, to take it on as a student and let it teach you instead.Genos was on him as usual, leaning out of the way so as not to block the screen.“You ought to heal, Master,” Genos mumbled. Saitama looked to his nearly-depleted health bar. “This character isn't you, remember.”“Right. Thank you, my pet,” he said.He won and saved, dropped the controller to move his hand to Genos's backside, so firm beneath his black pants. To the sound of the start menu music they kissed, Genos shifting his position so that he could have better access to his master. Saitama squeezed with his strong fingers.“Gonna wreck this,” he promised, tightening his grip.“Like you wrecked Tank Top Guy?”“Not even,” Saitama mumbled into Genos's neck. “He doesn't get to have me.”“Do you think we should have killed him?” Genos asked, genuine, sounding so innocent though he was wrapping himself around his master's hips.“I considered it, pet, you know that,” Saitama said, a little harshly, for he knew how Genos longed to be scolded. “But we needed him alive. To tell the tale.”“How I choked him. How you bent his legs backward.”“Yes.”“I heard his ribs crack when you pressed down your foot onto his chest. It was beautiful, Master Saitama.”“You are,” he said, allowing his face to show that nervous redness. Villainous though he was, still the sight of that handsome metal man on top of him made him weak.“You lie, villain,” Genos chuckled, pulling himself even farther onto Saitama's lap, resting himself against his erection. “Or maybe not.”Their fight with Tank Top Master had been a joke. He had begged for his life, or for his death, unsure of which one would be better after the beating they had given him. Saitama could have crushed his skull with one hand, and the hero, crying and screaming, knew that very well. They had come home, to their lair, covered in blood. Then they made love as they undressed, as they washed, as they praised one another for their victory. Beware the villain Saitama and his Demon Cyborg.Saitama never lost.“Are you really going to make me wait, Master?” Genos pleaded, grinding himself against Saitama desperately.“Hmm...” he cooed, pulling himself out of his pants, all pulsing and hard, thick with his new evil. “Maybe.”Genos groaned and pulled at his own pants, then made to get up and removed them completely.“Nuh-uh,” Saitama said grabbing roughly at his arm. He stopped him, pulled those tight black pants down just to his thighs. Trapped him there on his lap, his legs nearly together as Saitama teased him with the head of his cock. He held Genos by his lower back, letting him lean away to find the perfect angle.“Please,” he said, nearly weeping.Saitama let him fall to his back, mounted him, clothes still mostly-on, and began to fuck him, wildly and roughly. He bent Genos's legs up, made him stretch them up to his own shoulder. Made of metal and so flexible because of it. He listened to the sound of that panting, that begging, as he drove himself deep into his pet, so willing and eager to please him.He heard the sound of papers falling to the floor, and he turned to the source. The mail had come, slipped through the slot and into the kitchen.“Well, gotta check the mail,” Saitama said plainly, pulling out.“Haaa-” Genos whimpered. “No, come back.”“Be patient, my pet.”He stood, removed his shirt and threw it onto Genos's face. He heard the sound of those scent sensors whirr in pleasure. He walked to the mail stack, still boasting his hardness, knowing that Genos stared from beneath the t-shirt.“Bill, bill,” he mused, flipping through the envelopes. “Won't be paying those. How do you feel about threatening the electric company?”Genos made only more whimpering noises, more desperate cries as he kicked off his pants all the way.“Fussy today,” Saitama told him. “Hm, some fan mail for you. Should I write them back, Genos? Tell all those silly girls how you beg for me?”“M-master...”“Ah, a letter from the fools that call themselves the Hero Association.”“What?”Genos sat up, suddenly on his knees his seiza, a habit Saitama had thought he'd broken.Saitama ripped open the envelope with his teeth. He tucked himself back into his pants, and smiled at the sound of Genos's sigh.“It's an invitation,” he told him, tossing the torn envelope to the floor. Genos promptly picked it up and threw it in the trash. “They want us to come make peace.”Genos stood, walked over to look at the letter with his master.“This is obviously a trap, my pet.”“I figured. What do we do?”Saitama was quiet for a little while, running his hands all over Genos's body, through his vents and the spaces between his metal plating, over his pulsating core.“We go,” he decided, resting his hands on the back of Genos's neck, pulling him in so that their foreheads touched. “No trap can catch or hold me, my pet.”Genos smiled and dropped to his knees, pulling at the waist of Saitama's pants on the way down. Master always tasted so good. Like his other skin but warmer, softer. Untouched by anyone but his pet, and Genos loved to be his pet. He loved the strong hands in his hair, the muscular hips rocking into him, the way he choked on it a little. He knew he could spent hours down there, if he were allowed, sucking and kissing and pleasing his master until he wilted. He felt shameful pride that he could reduce so powerful a man to such weakness. He had him all to himself. No other pet could love him so.They slept that night in the nude, Genos's head still resting against Saitama's thighs, kissing him there until he drifted off. In the morning Saitama made pancakes. Always he was so grateful to Genos, it seemed, for his efforts in pleasing him. Though he was evil toward the rest of the world, Genos knew that he would always make him breakfast.After they ate, silently, leaning against one another, reading and writing separately, Genos began to prepare their outfits. Saitama's suit had lost none of its luster; still the blackness of it looked vacuous.Genos helped him into it, secured his cape at the shoulders, stood behind him, embracing him, as he pulled on his gloves with that snap.They set out, walking, making them wait. Villains ran on their own time.The gate to the headquarters was left unguarded. Another part of their trap. Before they bothered to enter, Genos and Saitama stopped to exchange words.“Give them hell, my pet,” Saitama commanded, embracing his Number two, certainly captured on a security camera. “And don't get yourself hurt.”“Yes, Master.” 



Chapter End Notes
(tugs at shirt collar) hoo boy


Magnetism
Chapter Summary
“They need to know we aren't scared.”
Chapter Notes
please comment if you have the chance!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




They marched in with their heads held high, Genos walking a few paces behind Saitama down the dark, marble hallway of the Hero Association Headquarters. Again, left unguarded and silent.“They must think we're pretty dumb, Genos,” Saitama said, yawning, looking up at the shining pillars and ceiling.“Stay on your guard, Master,” Genos suggested, his core pulsing in his chest. “Look, up ahead...”There was a tall and wide door at the end of the corridor, all gilded and ornate, above which the letters read 'Hall A.'“I think this is probably where they want us to go,” Saitama mused, stopping to turn to Genos.“You think we should walk right into their trap?”“Genos, my pet,” Saitama cooed, placing his hands on those metal shoulders, all warm with nerves. “It doesn't matter what they've got planned. Probably some ambush, yeah?”“I would assume so,” Genos said, looking down at his feet. “I just...I am worried for Master.”“Sweet thing, you,” Saitama mumbled. He leaned in to place a wet kiss on Genos's neck. “You mustn't concern yourself with that.”Genos nodded, weakened by the kiss, by those tender words and by his master's hands. Saitama took him by the arm, and they began to walk to the door.“Come, we will go in together,” he said. “They need to know we aren't scared.”The entire hall was pitch-black, as they had expected. Genos warmed up a hand to use as a lantern and illuminated what he could of the rather large room.“Oh,” Saitama said simply. “This is where they interviewed me about moving up to Class B.”“What showmanship,” Genos jested, noting the high ceilings and the podium at the far end. “I don't see anyone, Master.”There came a loud whirring noise, like his very core but deeper, larger, pulsating like some dying star. There was no telling from which direction it was coming; Genos's sensors could not pick up a source.“Air con's kicked in,” Saitama said, placing his finger to his nose in thought.Genos was about to correct him, to remind him of the cold weather, when he felt something tugging at his body. It felt like drowning, but he knew he couldn't drown. His feet began to slip against the marble, his arms began to lower from their positions as lanterns for his master.“Master...” he whimpered, certain he was malfunctioning. Not now. He was falling backwards, like syncope, somehow, and Saitama reached out to grab him. Before he could wrap his arms around his pet's slender waist, he was gone, pulled away entirely.“Genos?” he yelled, nearly falling to his knees. He heard a loud metallic thud, some reverberations, and a small yelp that could only come from Genos.Part of their trap.The lights turned on, brighter than he thought possible, blinding at first. He looked around, trying to find Genos.“Would you like to see, villain?” a somewhat-familiar voice echoed from the podium. From behind the curtain, Saitama could see with squinting eyes that it was that blue-haired pretty boy who was always on television.“Mask guy!” he shouted, pointing. He was shimmering, ugly in the too-bright floodlights and wearing some tacky, pastel suit.“That's not...” The hero shook his head. “I ask again: would you like to see your lackey?”He heard another rumbling once Sweet Mask pressed a button in the remote he had in hand, some wheels on tracks on the marble floor. From out of the shadows it came, all round and grotesque, covered in restraints and glowing lights. A giant round magnet, his pet stuck to it like flypaper, body all contorted and cracking.“Genos!” he shouted, setting of at a jog to rip him from his new prison.“Ah!” Sweet Mask warned, pressing a button. Part of the magnet moved forward, breaking away from the rest of its flat plane, pulling at Genos's arm until it barely held on. “Don't come any closer.”Saitama stopped in his tracks, his hand still lifted like he could tear Genos away.“It's fine, Master,” Genos croaked, grimacing. “This is nothing.”His lips quaking, Saitama turned to yell at Sweet Mask once more.“You think you can make me turn myself in because of him?” he asked, pointing lazily to Genos. He gulped, his fists shaking at his sides.“Don't put on that act, villain,” Sweet Mask snapped. “Word travels fast, and what would you do without your dear pet? Your shiny fuck-toy that you've so corrupted?”“Shut your mouth,” Saitama growled, marching toward the podium. He heard another yelp, and turned to see that the magnet was shifting again, tearing Genos's upper body from his lower body, poised to rip him entirely in half. “Let him go.”“Surrender, and he will be free. Well, free in a sense.”“What do you mean?”“You didn't hear? You're both being charged with...well, any number of things, really. It would take too long to list them all.”Saitama took a deep breath, trying to quell this unfamiliar feeling of worry. No trap can catch or hold me, he thought then, trying to tear his eyes away from his whimpering pet, all splayed out on that torture device.“Oh,” Sweet Mask sighed, tucking his hair behind one ear, “you can thank Metal Knight for that device.”“Bo...f..” Genos tried to say, his head tilting back.“Genos, keep still,” Saitama said, too softly, too weakly. “Don't try to move.”“Good advice, villain,” the hero said. “The more he struggles the worse it will be. So relax, Demon Cyborg, and know that it was your life that tipped the scales here.”“Mas...ter...” he croaked, and Saitama could tell that he was desperately trying to lift one hand from the magnet.“You're both so arrogant, really,” Sweet Mask said, rolling his eyes and pressing another button on the remote control. A metal arm, all joints and bolts, rose out of the top of the magnet and rested its hook-like hands on Genos's chest plates.Saitama stepped toward Genos again, his arms raised sloppily, weak from the fear. A shock was sent through the plates of the magnet, sending waves of what seemed to be unbearable pain through Genos's every fiber.“Master,” he said, almost calm despite his plight, “don't give up. Crush them.”Saitama could have protested, he was sure, but instead he steeled himself, forced his hands back into those threatening fists, and began to walk toward the podium again.“My 'fuck-toy' as you called him is made of stronger stuff than you think,” Saitama growled as he marched up the stairs to where Sweet Mask was standing. “Fool. You think you can make him beg me for his life?”“That was the idea,” Sweet Mask said, walking backward as Saitama got close. He pulled a small lever on the remote. Saitama turned to see what it had done.The hook-like hands of the metal arm were prying open Genos's chest plates, curling around his glowing core. They removed it, held it far away from his body, and turned it over as if it were being examined thoroughly.“H-he has only one goal,” Saitama said, marching forward still. “To serve and please the villain Saitama.” He lifted one hand, nearing Sweet Mask's throat, feeling that nervous sweat beneath his tight red gloves. “If he can't do that...well then, there's no point to him.”He kept his eyes fixed on the hero before him, kept his fingers bent and ready to choke him, to turn the tables and make him the one to beg.“Ah-” Sweet Mask warned again, pressing yet another button. Saitama heard a cracking noise, and he swiftly whipped his head around to see that the hook-like contraption was digging into Genos's core, the cracks spiderwebbing around it as his Number two looked on in fear. Saitama strained to find Genos's gaze. The black tears were welling up, sitting on the edges of his eyes, but still he smiled and attempted a nod. Saitama nodded back, lifting one fist to prepare his final punch, the one that would put an end to Sweet Mask for good.“Go ahead,” he challenged, shaking some blue hair out of his face. “Kill me. There's no one else here for you to fight, I promise. But the moment your knuckles come close to my face, know that it will be the end of your Demon Cyborg.”“I...I don't care...” Saitama struggled to say, his fist still raised.“Your actions truly surprise me,” Sweet Mask said, tossing the remote to the side. Saitama pulled back, a questioning look on his face. “Though, I suppose this is why we have a plan B.”“Plan B?”“You can come out now,” Sweet Mask said, beckoning to someone from behind the curtain of the stage. Saitama recoiled even more.He looked more pathetic than usual, without his helmet and goggles. Like he had been roughed up a little by the Hero Association. Scratches on his pale face and sad look behind his glasses.“Mumen...” Saitama mumbled, lowering his fist from the air entirely.“Yes, your only fan, villain Saitama,” Sweet Mask said, praising only himself, really. “Surely you don't despise even him?”Mumen let his glasses fall down his nose a little as he strode toward Saitama.“Let's talk this out, please,” he pleaded, his voice meek and quiet as ever. “It doesn't have to be this way.”  



Chapter End Notes
I'M IN A GLASS CASE OF EMOTION i rly fuckening hate shitmask i s2g


Vertigo
Chapter Summary
“I had a hard time accepting what you've become.”
Chapter Notes
i had a bit of a crisis last night, where i began to question my worth as an author/person. with some encouragement on here and on tumblr, and with a reality check from myself, i went to bed feeling much more confident. you must understand how important it is to me that people like my work; writing is what keeps me wanting to wake up in the morning. so thank you for reading and commenting. it means a lot to me.sorry for the kind of short chapter

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




The entire hall was silent. Even the magnet ceased its loud pulsing in exchange for a quiet hum. Mumen stood before him, unarmored and unassuming.“What did they do to you?” Saitama pleaded, stepping forward. Mumen stepped back and flinched.“He took some convincing,” Sweet Mask interjected.“Not fucking talking to you,” Saitama spat, looking past Mumen to point at Sweet Mask. “You're a real bastard, you know that?”“Saitama,” Mumen said softly, looking at the floor. “It's alright. It's my own fault.”“What do you mean?” Saitama stepped forward again, but this time Mumen stood his ground, tilting his head back up to meet Saitama's gaze.“I had a hard time accepting what you've become,” he mumbled. “I'm....” Tears were welling up behind those thick glasses, threatening to fall in waves down his scratched and blushing cheeks. “I'm so disappointed, Saitama.”“Mumen,” he growled, finally close enough to grab him by the shoulders, “you have to understand. They made me this way.”He was met with no reply, but the tears did start falling.“They've done it to you, too,” Saitama insisted. “You can join us.”“I can't do that,” Mumen told him. “Please, Saitama. You've got to give this up.”His grip tightened on Mumen's sloping shoulders.“I see,” he said in his lowest voice. “They've made you a pawn.” Saitama was looking down at his feet, his face cast in darkness beneath the harsh lighting, his fingers digging into Mumen's skin.“Saitama, please, listen to me-”“You're one of them.”“It's not too late for you to-”“I don't want your redemption,” Saitama snarled, letting go to smack Mumen across the face. He fell to the ground, clutching at his skull, on his knees, shaking. Saitama kneeled down and grabbed him by the hair.“Remember when I bought you that drink, Saitama?” he whimpered. A last-ditch effort. “You did such a good thing. I had to thank you.”His grip softened, and he let some hair flow freely from his fingers.“Give this up,” he begged. “Please, I know you're good.”“Even before,” Saitama said, “you were the only one who thought so.”“Well-”“You're wrong. It is too late. The world already hates me. They've hated me for a long time.”“Saitama-”“I was just foolish enough to ignore it.” Genos watched from his torturous bed on the giant magnet. His body was torn and strewn in disarray, his core cracking in front of him, though he could only focus on the large stage at the end of the giant hall. His master was kneeling with the Licenseless Rider, holding him by the hair in his strong fingers, but Genos could not hear their conversation for the loud ringing in his ears. Surely he was about to die.A pity, he had not been able to complete either of his goals.He had failed his master, had let himself be captured, let himself become a weakness. He could not blame Saitama for the way he had cast him aside. Fuck-toy. Genos supposed it would have been easier if he had not loved him. They had become weak for each other, and that is not something that villains do.The doctor had been right in his warning; he was so close to becoming the very thing he hated. Mad and vengeful, violent and unforgiving.It was too late for him. He could not escape what he and his master had become. He had no choice but to submit to it, to keep on fighting.He watched as his master knocked the Licenseless Rider even farther to the ground, as he stood above him with his foot pressing against his neck. Genos tried so hard to listen.“You've been awfully disloyal to me, Mumen,” he heard his master say, muffled and far away. “Here I thought we were friends.”Genos heard some desperate whimpering.“P-please, Saitama,” he pleaded. Sweet Mask stood in the background, just watching, waiting. “Forgive me...”“You'll have to beg harder than that.”“It's...for your own good...”“Can't quite hear you...”“I'm so sorry. I didn't want it to go like this.”Genos watched, powerless, as Mumen withdrew something from his pocket, as he unceremoniously jammed it into Saitama's leg which so imprisoned him. A needle, some agent powerful enough to render his master weak and frail.“Mas...ter,” he tried to shout as he watched him fall to the ground. So strong a man, limp like a rag doll, crashing to the marble floor as if he were made of leaves. “Master Saitama!”He felt the magnet powering down behind him, felt his torn limbs fall to his sides, felt the vertigo of being released. He wasn't lucid when he hit the floor, only dreaming of some bottomless pit through which he fell, hand-in-hand with his master. It felt weird to be dead. It hurt more than he thought it should. He felt like he was being carried, like his every limb was held down by something stronger than him.Ah, he had gotten himself into hell. The strongest man in the world, weak and unmoving.He was falling again, but this time he hit not a shining marble floor, but some rough and dusty concrete.He wanted his apartment. He wanted tea with his pet in his lap, all cozy on their futon under many blankets.Too late for all that.When he came to, he was a little disappointed. He was alive after all, and he was cold, stripped of his villain suit and drowning in some gray-striped atrocity. He rolled over onto his back, waiting for the dizziness to subside.“Genos?” he called into the darkness, and it echoed, empty as he felt. 



Chapter End Notes
sorry for any feelings you may have had


Cages
Chapter Summary
“...they torture me too, having you so close where I can't touch you.”
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




 They fixed him without anesthesia, carelessly fusing his wires and plates back together. Despite the pain he laid there motionless, quite distracted by the many questions he could not ask for the gag in his mouth.After his makeshift repairs they led him in handcuffs to an elevator which went down many floors, an impossible amount, it seemed. When finally they reached the lowest level they escorted him to a dusty old cell. Metal bars and a cot, so unseemly for an organization with so much revenue.“You'll await your trial here, Demon Cyborg,” the guard said as he locked the cell door. “Don't think about trying to escape. They've dampened your heating elements. You couldn't even light a match if you tried.”Genos kicked at the metal bars of his cell, filled with rage at his uselessness.“G-Genos?” he heard someone croak from across the cell block. “That you?”“Master!” he shouted, gripping hard at the bars and letting his eyes adjust to the dark. Sure enough, there he was, looking weak and tired, leaning against the bars of his own cell. How cruel, Genos thought, that they should be made to face one another, that they should so starve his master to the point of looking so disheveled. “Are you alright, Master Saitama?”“I'm fine, Genos,” he said weakly, smiling though he looked so miserable. “What about you? You look...rough.”“I hope that my appearance does not displease you, Master.”Genos looked to the ground. Fuck-toy.“My pet,” Saitama began, leaning his head against the bars. “Nothing they could do to you would make you ugly.”They were silent for a while, staring at one another in the dim light of the underground prison.“When we get outta here, Genos,” Saitama finally said, pushing himself away from the bars to pace around his cell, “I'll kill that Shit Mask for what he did. And Metal Knight, too.”“Master?”“Nobody gets to do that to you,” he stammered, facing away from Genos, hiding in the deep shadow. “I felt so guilty...”“What do you mean?”“I promised I'd never hurt you, Genos, no matter how much I hurt everyone else, but,” he lamented, “I failed. For that maybe I deserve to be locked up.”“Master, don't talk nonsense,” Genos whimpered, though his fixed-up core was brimming with bittersweet joy at his master's confession. “We can defeat those so-called Heroes, but don't do it for me.”“Then why else would I do it?”Genos gasped a little, taken aback by his master's devotion. He had not expected himself to be the reason Saitama did anything. Except for maybe pine and moan, squirm and beg.“Because,” Genos said softly, “the world must beware the villain Saitama.”“And his Demon Cyborg.”They both grinned ear-to-ear, eyes all aglow with villainous rage.“God, my pet,” Saitama huffed, tapping his forehead once again against the bars, “they torture me too, having you so close where I can't touch you.”“Cruel, to keep you out of reach of your...”“Fuck-toy, was it?”“I believe that was the term used, yes.”Saitama tilted his head to the side, his eyes growing wet and wide as he gazed upon Genos's sullen face.“Don't think for one second I would discard you so easily, my pet,” he pleaded. “I...”The door to the cell block swung open with a creak, and Genos heard gentle footsteps padding down the stairwell. Saitama furrowed his brow, his eyes filled with anger at the interruption.No one interrupts Master Saitama. They threw him into the cell beside Saitama's, all dressed in the same gray jumpsuit, black hair all messy and his showy makeup smudged across his face.“Now sit here and think about what you've done,” the guard spat, scolding him like a child. Saitama looked on, knowing the man looked familiar, unable though to place him. “Pray that someone pays to get you out of here.”“Fool,” the new prisoner yelled as the guard made his way back up the stairs, “I have clients that would rob a bank to let me out and be able to hire me!”Saitama walked over to the side of his cell to look at his neighbor. He was skinny, lithe but short, his long hair tied in a simple bun at the nape of his neck.“Oh, hey,” Saitama said, pointing, “you're that smiley guy.”“Shut your m-” The prisoner gaped at him. “You, baldy!”“Ninja man!”“How perfect that I should be kept right next to my nemesis.”“Dude, you are not-”“I won't be in here for long, villain Saitama,” he promised. “Speed o' Sound Sonic will be free to kill you soon enough.”“That's too bad, because I think we'll be in here for a while.”“We...?” Sonic turned to look across the way at Genos, who stood rigidly against the bars of his cell, his eyes darkened and fixed on him. “I see.”“Consider yourself lucky, pervert,” Genos said darkly, “that my master will not be there to fight you.”Sonic scowled and huffed, pushed himself away from the bars to sit on his cot.“You just had to go and get yourselves caught,” he moaned, leaning against the wall and crossing his legs. “A shame that the Hero Association did my work for me.”“If they can even be called such a thing,” Saitama said, following suit and sitting on his cot. He kept eye contact with Genos, who stood against the bars, those drops of black oil brimming above his cheeks. The next day they took Genos away for questioning. Saitama shouted, reached through the bars, choked on every word he wanted to yell.“You...you bring him back in one piece or I'll...”He'll what? That drug Mumen had injected him with had made him weak, almost sickly, like his muscles had atrophied over night. The villain Saitama should be able to rip the bars from the floor and ceiling, topple any guard sent to deter him.He fell to his knees once he heard the door close. Sonic looked up from his place meditating on his cot.“Aw, did they take away your favorite toy?”“People really ought to stop calling him that.”Sonic chuckled.“Must feel weird, to be so powerless,” he mused, grinning through the bars at Saitama. He got up to saunter over to him, and they sat facing one another. “You made a big mistake, being in love.”Saitama leaned his head against the bars.“I know.”He let drop a few tears, and they fell on the ground with a quiet, wet echo. He felt a slender hand atop his bare head.“Weep,” Sonic said, softer than ever, moving his hand down to rest on the back of Saitama's neck. “It will make it easier.”He began his weak sobbing,so unfamiliar. He had not cried in years. Not even when he realized his emptiness. A sad thing to have happen, he knew, but he hadn't the will to weep over it.“Why are you comforting me?” he asked, though he was already gripping Sonic's hand as it massaged one of his shoulders.“Because I have wept, too,” he said. “and weeping lets you go on living once you're done.”“Oh?”“And if you die of grief down here in this dark dungeon, then I'll never get to fight you again.”Saitama laughed a little through his tears.“Of course,” he said, smiling as much as he could find the strength to.The door creaked open once again and he jumped to his feet.“Genos?” he called out.It was just a guard, carrying a bag of what appeared to be personal effects.“Mr. Sonic,” the guard said, all monotone as if disappointed. “Someone's paid your bail. I'm to see you out.”“How nice,” Sonic said. He turned to Saitama one more time before he left. “I'll be seeing you. Be ready.”Saitama smirked, and watched as the guard walked Sonic up the stairs in handcuffs.He was alone then, for hours, before Genos came back.They sat silently for a while, looking at one another.“The things they said about you, Master, during my questioning...” Genos growled. “How could they wonder why you went down this path?”  



Chapter End Notes
hooo boy


The Verdict
Chapter Summary
"He was going to be locked away no matter what he said. No more could he cause such terror, but at least, he thought, he would disappear a legend, a cautionary tale."
Chapter Notes
there's some porn here

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




It could hardly be called a trial, the televised series of lectures they were subjected to. Sitting across a dim courtroom from one another, each with their own lazy lawyer. They were offered no chance of freedom. The best their attorneys could do what beg for fewer years locked in that dusty old dungeon.A lot of heroes were present in the stands. All of S Class, including Tank Top Master in his casts and bandages. Meant to serve as a reminder, no doubt, of what they had done.But still they made eyes at each other from across the room, sad and desperate, wishing they could communicate.King was standing by the wall, acting like a bailiff, security, though Saitama knew he could do very little to stop either villain from causing havoc. Another weakness, he assumed, brought out for show by the Hero Association to wear him down. Like Mumen, who sat in the very back of the room, his neck in a soft cervical collar, like always when he got so hurt.When he wasn't looking at Genos, Saitama pointed an angry gaze at Sweet Mask, sitting all prim and proper in the front row, wearing sunglasses indoors and his hat tilted forward. He had some small smile on his face, like he thought no one could see how this spectacle pleased him so.His hair looked freshly dyed.Saitama wanted to shave it off with a knife, leave him bald and bleeding and ugly.“We would like to call Tank Top Master to the stand,” the prosecutor, some agent of the Association, said loudly. “If he is well enough to testify.”Tank Top Master nodded weakly, and his aide pushed his wheelchair up the ramp to the bench. He took some oath that Saitama did not hear. He was asked to describe his assault.“They were smiling,” he said grimly. “It takes a lot to frighten me...”Saitama chortled, unafraid to act like a villain he knew he was. There was no winning this. He had to embrace it. Genos followed suit, folding his arms haughtily over his chest.“He said to me...” Tank Top master hesitated, “He said that it was our fault. The heroes. We had made him that way.”The room was filled with gasps. Saitama heard them all as confessions, as guilt. He grinned at his pet, who let his eyes grow dark. Eyes that had once looked so innocent and wide, now dimmed by the scorn and the violence, by the harshness with which the world treated his master.Saitama was called to the stand, escorted there with a zip-tie around his wrists. For show. He was once again weakened by those drugs.They asked him what he meant, why he did it, what drove him to this. They asked him why he got Genos involved, why he corrupted such a young and promising hero.He answered nothing, just kept grinning though he was devoid of any joy. He was going to be locked away no matter what he said. No more could he cause such terror, but at least, he thought, he would disappear a legend, a cautionary tale. Perhaps the Hero Association would learn the lesson he had tried to teach them. Beware. They sat in the chattering courtroom as the verdict was deliberated. More showmanship, more posturing. Saitama slumped down in his chair. Would they let him have tea in prison? What about television?He wondered if he could have some of his possessions gathered up, his cactus maybe. A blanket.He thought of Genos in that cell, doomed to eventually rust. They had brought the doctor in to fix him properly, shine him and dress him up for the trial. Always they wanted him to seem like a victim of Saitama's machinations. But, god, he looked beautiful under the dim lights. Saitama couldn't stand to have his pet forever behind bars, fading away like he had run out of batteries.When the judge returned to his stand the room fell silent. Sweet Mask took off his hat and sunglasses, accosting Saitama with his brightness, his softness. So smug and pleased with himself.“Demon Cyborg and the villain Saitama,” the judge began, reading from a piece of paper. So old fashioned. Such showmanship. “You have been found guilty of the following charges.”Saitama lowered his head, as if shocked, though he knew all along what the outcome would be.“High treason.”Saitama looked to Genos and tried to smile. Perhaps they would be allowed to visit one another in their cells.“Murder.”Genos met his gaze, his eyes glowing once again, as if proud if the list of accomplishments being rattled off.“Deliberate intimidation of the general populace.”Saitama remembered how they screamed and ran away, how Genos held so many by the throat. How the fear they instilled had turned them on, how they had made love in an alleyway of a street they had rendered abandoned from their terror.“And petty larceny.”Ah yes, they had run out of toilet paper that one time.“The court has found that you are both of sound enough mind to have made this trespasses of justice willingly, without the influence of substances or severe psychosis. We have found your actions to be despicable, unforgivable, and that they will have a lasting effect on our society that cannot be undone with time. The Hero Association stands shamed, accused by your evil words. The cities are in veritable ruins.”“Get on with it, already,” Saitama spat, much to the surprise of the spectators. They tensed in their seats, as if he was about to bring the building down.“As you wish,” the judge said dryly, looking back to the paper. “The villain Saitama and the Demon Cyborg Genos are hereby sentenced to execution by lethal injection.”Saitama felt his chest flutter. Execution? Sure, there had been dark moments where he had wished to die, but that was before. When he was empty. Now that he was filled, now that he was proud, he could not bare the thought.“Are you serious?” he yelled, standing up. King, still playing that part, approached him and placed one large hand on his shoulder.Genos was looking at the floor, his mouth hanging open.“There will be no chance for appeal,” the judge concluded. He dismissed the court.King began to lead Saitama by the arm to the door, to the holding cell, where he would await further news.“King,” he said softly.“What is it?” he asked, still with some friendliness in his voice, like he was not yet ready to let go. Like he could, at the drop of a hat, embrace Saitama in his big arms and forgive him.“Please, just,” he sighed, looking over to Genos as he sat behind the table still. “Give us just a moment, please. Together.”“I can't do that.”“King,” he pleaded, “I might never see him again. Please, just one moment.”King looked around. The room was pretty empty. All the heroes had filtered out, and the old judge was busy packing up his things.“Okay,” he agreed solemnly, reaching into his pocket for a Swiss army knife. Mostly he used the bottle opener, Saitama knew. Before pushing him through the door into the holding cell, he sliced the zip-tie from his wrists. “But only because...” he sounded defeated. Like Saitama had finally won one of their little competitions. “Only because you love him. But don't think for one second that's enough to redeem you, Saitama.”It hurt to heard his own name spoken so harshly by one who had once been so close to him.King pushed him into the room and turned away without another word, returning to the courtroom to retrieve Genos. The oily tears were flowing freely, and he did not care. Let them see, he thought, let everyone see what they had reduced him to. Just for following through on his promise to Master Saitama, just for doing what best lit the fire in his core.King had held him loosely by the elbow, before undoing his zip-tie and shoving him into the holding cell.Saitama was standing before him, his shoulders slumped and his brow weak and fallen.“Master,” Genos said, breathy and pleased. They could be alone once more.“Genos,” he said, striding toward him with his arms outstretched. “My pet, my love.” He dropped to his knees, rested his shining head against one of Genos's legs. “Forgive me.”“You've done nothing wrong to me, Master.”“But Genos-”“I said I would follow you. No matter what that meant.”“But to your own death? You'll never defeat the mad cyborg now.”“That is the only thing I regret, Master,” he said, lifting Saitama's face by tucking one finger beneath his chin. “Regardless of our fates, you are still the most incredible person to me. If I hadn't met you, I'd have met my end far sooner, having accomplished nothing. Having loved no one.”“Genos.”“Stand up,” he commanded, lifting him by the arms. They embraced, in the middle of that bright holding cell, so spartan and clean.Saitama walked him over to the single chair that was placed on one side of the holding cell. Gently he pushed his pet into the seat, slowly he climbed on top of him.“Master-”“Just let me love you one more time, Genos,” he begged, cupping his face in his weakened hands. “Like this.”He sank into him, their hips meeting, that cold chair creaking beneath their weight. Genos shook at his touch, at is sweet, soft kisses down his neck and on his wires. So this is what it felt like, he realized, to have one's lover in one's lap like a pet. He held Saitama by the hips, aiding him in his gentle rocking, smiling at the way he was pressing into his metal plating, so hard and nervous.They had loved together, lived together. They would die together. Genos let himself warm up as much as he could, though he was still quite dampened. He pulled his master in closer, urging him to continue his desperate grinding. Genos wept, but not because he feared death. He wept at his Master writhing in his lap, wept at the sounds of his pleased gasps and sighs, wept because never again would he hold those strong hips in his metal hands.So maybe he had more than one regret.“Master Saitama-”“No,” he corrected. “Not anymore...”“Yes,” Genos said sternly. “We are villains to the end, Master.”Saitama nodded, his cheeks all aglow with pleasure, smiling timidly, like Genos had never seen. For a moment they were normal lovers, green and innocent, basking in each other's love like they were not on the verge of death. Genos kissed him deeply again, running his hand over Saitama's cock as it struggled beneath his gray prison clothes.Saitama moved away, shaking his head, and kissed Genos on the eyelids when he sighed in disappointment. Hoisting himself off of the chair and onto his knees on the floor, Saitama moved his hands to the drawstring of Genos's pants. Kneeling between his knees, he tugged at the thin, gray fabric, revealing his shining metal legs and his exposed and sensitive wires, his soft, welcoming meeting of his thighs. Saitama pulled the pants off of Genos's ankles and tossed them aside.He leaned in further, lifting both of Genos's legs over his shoulders, tense but weak from days sleeping on a cot. Genos let his feet drift down Saitama's back as he felt him kiss down his pelvic area.“Wh-what-” he stammered, his sensors rendering him speechless. “What are you doing?”Saitama kissed him on his new part, so swollen and already leaking. Genos gasped.“It's your turn, my pet,” he said, his voice muffled. He stuck out his tongue, always so sharp and sly, now soft and gentle as he licked at Genos. He felt his knees get weak, knew that his legs were held up only by his master's waning strength. He pushed his tongue in, circling the entrance, working it just hard enough to get it to widen a little.Genos felt like he was being ripped to pieces. But not like usual. No fear of losing limbs, no stretching from a magnet, no cracking in his core. He felt as though Saitama was taking him apart, gently and deliberately, fixing his insides and then putting him neatly back together. His tongue was deeper inside of him now, pulsing, pushing swiftly, sending electric impulses through his entire body. His core was glowing through his chest.His master, so weakened by the drugs and the defeat, had never had more power over him.Something strange began to happen, once Saitama had burrowed in further, his lips and chin flush with Genos's body. His knees were shaking against his master's ears, his metal fingers uncontrollably digging into the arms of the chair. Puffs of smoke and steam were filling the room along with his masters satisfied humming. Like he tasted good, better than anything he'd ever had.“M-master?” he stammered, his eyes wide and unsure. “What's...”“My pet,” he mumbled into him, “you're going to come.”“I'm...”“That's what it is, my pet,” he told him, educated him, though not in his harsh scolding tone. He was gentle, soft, tenderly licking at him like a kitten. Like a pet. “That feeling your getting.”“Oh,” Genos said, nervous. He had not come since he was a much younger man, back when he was on organic boy. And back then he knew not what he was doing.But there, melting in an old chair in a holding cell, he was confident and sure. He wanted to come. He wanted to know what it felt like.Saitama went back to work, having lost none of his enthusiasm. Genos's head felt empty, his toes numb, his ears hot.He could not stop the noises that he made when finally it happened. They were grunting, moaning, the both of them, in harmony, it seemed. The sounds he made came from his very core, from each and every wire that made him up.He was weeping again, though Saitama reached up and wiped his tears away with a shaking hand.He then rested his bare head in Genos's lap, staying on his knees before him.“I love you, Genos,” he said, his voice deep and still so villainous.“I love you too, Saitama,” Genos replied, running his hand over his master's head.They were silent for a while, neither of them willing to talk about what would happen next. Genos wished they could stay in this room forever, locked away from any who would scorn them. Hardly a punishment, but a life sentence nonetheless.The door flew open and hit the wall with a harsh, metallic ringing.“Get up,” a guard commanded. Saitama fell back on his haunches, still hard and blushing, his eyes wide. More afraid than Genos had ever seen him. Quikcly he turned back to his pet.“We regret nothing, Genos,” he reminded him as the guards tied his hands behind his back. They pulled him to his feet, but he would not look away from his disciple's glowing, oily eyes. “We are villains to the end.”Genos nodded, trying to stay brave as they carried his master, his lover, his Saitama, away through the door.One of the guards stayed behind.“Despicable,” he said, nearly spitting on Genos as he threw his pants back into his lap. “You two deserve each other.”“Fuck you,” Genos said, pulling the pants on, not getting out of the chair.“Enjoy looking at that bald menace as you get stung with so much poison your systems shut down,” the guard chuckled, dragging Genos away through a different door.They would die together. 



Chapter End Notes
I would like to start out by saying the following: I am very sorry but also thank you for going with me on this adventure. We're nearing the end here, and it's going to be hard for me to bring this to a close. I appreciate everyone's feedback. It's what keeps me going.As always, feel free to talk to me via comments on here or through tumblr. lucbev.tumblr.comEDIT: I seem to be making a lot of people sad. I don't want to spoil anything for you, but be assured we will have a happy ending. Sort of. It's hard to explain please don't give up on these cuties.


Into the Night
Chapter Summary
"It had to have been worth all this."
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




They were strapped to chairs, facing one another, in an outdoor courtyard. Medieval. Another public spectacle. The press was snapping photos, the crowd full of chatter, the guards trying not to grin as they tightened the restraints. The sun had set. They would die in the nighttime.Any other time and Saitama could have ripped through the leather straps, taken out the whole lot of them with a single blow. But still his muscles were limp and weak. To others maybe this meant dying without dignity. But to him, his eyes locked with his pet's as they prepared for death, it was the only way he could see himself going.There may as well have been slow, deep, loud drumming in the background as the syringes were prepared. So much anticipation in the eyes of those who would deliver the injections.Out of the corner of his eye, Saitama could see the front row. Mumen, healed now, without his bandages, weeping like a child. All the rest looked upon the scene with scorn, like he was getting what he deserved. It was true, the Association controlled everything. They had made him a menace, a prisoner, a dead man. They failed in only one aspect: they could not take Genos away from him. They doubted his pet's free will.But Genos was smiling as the crowd fell silent. “Until the end, my pet,” Saitama mumbled, low enough for the crowd not to hear. He grinned, feeling like he was standing before his flowing red cape, on the top of his building overlooking his small kingdom. Villains until the end.He hoped his captors would get what was coming to them. No doubt they would create some other villain, someone smarter than him who could avoid getting caught. Someone acting alone, with no weaknesses and with no one to love them. He could have been that someone were it not for his pet, he knew. But he chose to ignore that, thinking only of Genos's warm metal thighs around his body, brushing against his ears. It had to have been worth all this. Sweet Mask walked between them to address the crowd, wearing all black as if he were in mourning. For a moment Saitama pulled his gaze away from Genos to stare at who might as well be his nemesis.Beneath him, he knew. The Association had made him the nemesis. It was like a little play they had put on, and Saitama was cast in the most tragic role. Those were the ones that were always remembered.Maybe he would have a posthumous fan club.“Thank you all for coming,” Amai Mask said, his smooth voice washing over the nervous crowd.“You know I am a humble man.” Saitama could not help but scoff. Genos's eyes began to glow even brighter in anger.“But I cannot very well deny the part I played in the apprehension of these two menaces to society,” he went on, running a hand through his own hair. “It was no easy task, reigning in a force so evil. But the Hero Association stayed vigilant.”The hired nurses were flicking their syringes, preparing the deadly medicine. Saitama nodded to Genos, assuring him. Genos nodded back weakly. They mouthed to one another many promises, I love you, forever and even after we die, as the tears began to well up.
Weep. It will make it easier.
“Today we say goodbye to the evil that so terrorized our cities. We say goodbye to two selfish monsters, two deviants, two traitors to the wholesomeness that is the Association.”Their upper arms were being cleaned with little pads of alcohol, preparing the skin for injection.“We do not take execution lightly.” He kept looking at Genos. That was the only way to not be afraid. His face was wet with tears, his pets all awash with thin black oil.“But just know that after today, your lives will go on no longer threatened.”He regretted none of it. The people he had killed, the people he had left begging for their lives. The destruction. The desperate, villainous love he had shared. He no longer felt empty. Soon he would be filled with poison.He felt the little sting, that first prick of his death.Then he heard shattering. The lights that hung in the courtyard went out, the little syringes fell in pieces to the floor.The crowd's chatter started back up again.With a snap he felt the restraints fall open.All he could see were Genos's eyes in the dark, wide and wondering. He hoped that he, too, had been freed.A single light shined on Amai Mask, who stood before the crowd, trying to calm them. He stopped suddenly, unsteady on his feet, swaying in the near darkness. Between his eyes there was a knife, thrown at him, blood tricking down his pretty face.When he fell backward to the ground, all Saitama could think was that it should have been he who delivered that killing blow.Arms gathered him up by the waist. He still felt weak, leaning on this mysterious savior as he was lifted out of his chair.“Not without-” he croaked, trying to point at Genos. He watched as his pet stood from his chair, freed, and he was carried toward him. He took Genos by the hand, kissed his metal fingers and gripped them as tight as he could.They were lifted from the courtyard, together, into the night.



Chapter End Notes
IT IS SIX IN THE MORNING RIGHT NOW AND I CANT


A Pastoral Scene
Chapter Summary
"They slept fitfully that night, with their eyes open a little, as if waiting for their throats to be slit."
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




He led them to the woods under cover of night. He was very good at hiding. A little cowardly, Genos thought, but useful to them. His master did not protest, and so he didn't either.The city was roaring with panic at their escape. People lamented in the streets over the death of Sweet Mask, struck down in his prime with a blade through his brain.“Why are you doing this?” Saitama asked, in a whisper, tucked behind a building. They could see the forest in the distance. They were almost safe.“Just shut up,” Sonic spat at him, holding one slender finger to his grinning lips. Something about that smile put Genos off. “Fuck....”“What is it?” Genos asked, trying to whisper. Maybe he had forgotten how to do it well.“It's pretty well-lit from here on out,” Sonic mused, looking out into the street, patrolled by many men with flashlights. Genos sighed. Before their imprisonment, these foes would have been no problem for him and his master. But they were both so weak, defeated, running away with their tails between their legs.“Take them out,” Saitama commanded, whispering still, furtively, into Sonic's ear.“You don't get to give orders to me,” he replied, holding up a knife to Saitama's throat.“Master!” Genos tried to intervene, but Saitama just grinned at the threat.“Go ahead,” he challenged. “Kill me when I'm weak, like the coward you are.”Sonic growled and put the knife back in its sheath.“Fine,” he mumbled, turning back to the well-lit street. He threw a sharp metal disk to his left, taking out the first man. His flashlight fell to the floor and the others went to go investigate. While their backs were turned, Sonic disappeared from the alleyway.When he came back, the men lay dead in the street.“Now hurry up,” he told them, motioning toward the forest. “They're following you.” Many people were afraid to go into the woods. There were monsters there, terrible beasts, and ghosts, some said.Saitama knew better now. The only ghost that stalked the forest was his self-proclaimed nemesis.Thus the forest would be a safe place for them for a little while. It was thick, and dark even in the daytime, flush with many sounds. Chirping and the running of thin streams over the slippery rocks. It was not a safe place for anyone else to go.Sonic showed them to his cabin, the wood old and dusty, lit only by lanterns and a shoddy fireplace.“Well,” Saitama said, cracking his knuckles. “I suppose you want to fight me now.”“Not yet,” Sonic said. “You're still weak.”“Then why are we here?”Sonic said nothing. He walked to the counter top and started to fill the tea kettle with water from his makeshift well.“Sit. Rest,” he commanded, indicating the cot in the corner.Genos and Saitama obliged, sat on the creaking metal springs while Sonic made some tea, carrying on a quiet conversation in the lantern light.“Are we safe here, Master?” Genos asked, tearful, holding onto Saitama's arm like he could be taken away from him again at any moment.“For now, my pet,” he cooed, his lips against Genos's hair. “Stay on your guard, though. We can't trust him.”“I know,” he replied, nuzzling his head into Saitama's neck. He needed to know he was real, alive. He could not help it, he let out a small cry. “I almost lost you, Master Saitama...”He heard his master sniff and cough, heard how his voice shook.“We've been given a second chance, Genos,” he mumbled, lifting his pet's face by the chin. He smiled as he kissed him, still holding his chin, and Genos felt himself weaken even further.“What should we do with our second chance?”“Rest. Heal. Do it right next time.”Genos sighed happily, glad that his master had not lost his resolve. But still, he thought, they had been given a second chance. They could start over. They could make amends. It was too late to undo what had been done, that Genos knew. He felt afraid, then, that maybe he had become beyond redemption. He had become the thing that he hated.He cried into Saitama's shirt as they drank their tea, Sonic sitting neatly on the floor before them.“What's wrong, Genos?” Saitama asked between sips.“I'm just...” he trailed off, watching the lantern light dance on his master's face, “I'm so glad we're alright.”“A simple thank-you would suffice,” Sonic said, inspecting his cuticles. Genos scowled, unsure of how to feel about this turn of events. He hated Sonic, that pest, that pervert. He would have been overjoyed if anyone else in the world had come to their rescue. It was pathetic. Villains didn't need rescuing.They would do it right next time.They slept fitfully that night, with their eyes open a little, as if waiting for their throats to be slit. The next morning Saitama interrogated Sonic once again as they had their toast and tea.“Do you want to fight me?”“Not yet.”Instead he put them to work. He told them to chop wood for his fireplace, to clean the leaves off his roof.“Why do you even have this place?” Saitama asked, wiping the sweat off his brow as he set up another log. Genos sat on the roof of the cabin, watching how his master's body gleamed in the thin light that came through the trees.“The city can be distracting,” Sonic said. He was doing stretches on the grass. “I come here to hide from all that.”“Hm,” Saitama huffed as he prepare to swing the ax.That night they slept a little better, tired but feeling strong. Genos was able to warm his master's body as they slept. Sonic let them sleep in the next day. He came back to the cabin with a bag full of clothes.“I stopped by your apartment,” he said, dropping the bag on the floor. “It's a crime scene now, by the way. So this wasn't easy.” He kicked the bag and it fell open, revealing some of their clean laundry.“Get dressed,” he instructed. “You look pathetic in those prison clothes.”“You want to fight me today?” Saitama asked as he leafed through some shirts.“Not yet.”Saitama could feel himself getting stronger as time went on. It may have been the woodsy, fresh air, it may have been the freedom. He could not tell. But in the evening when he would sit before the fire with his pet in his arms, he felt strong.“I still don't really get it, Saitama,” Sonic said. Genos nearly growled at him for addressing his master so casually.“Hm?” Saitama asked, distracted by playing with Genos's hair.“I always thought you were a goody-two-shoes.”“No one says that,” Saitama told him, rolling his eyes.“Well, whatever,” he sighed, laying down in front of the fire. “I always thought you were an asshole. But I never expected...”“That it would become a career?” Saitama laughed. Not his usual cackle, not that villainous bellowing that Genos had grown so accustomed to. It sounded strange. Like he was laughing at one of his own bad jokes. Back then, when his sense of humor was dwindling with each empty day. Saitama didn't sleep at all that night. He was spooning his pet on the cot, their bodies pressed so close, growing stronger from their time in the wilderness. Sonic was sleeping outside, as he often did. Something about getting in touch with nature.He nestled his head into the nape of Genos's neck, sure to breathe in his scent with every inhale. He always smelled sweet somehow, though he was made of mostly metal.“Forgive me, Genos,” he mumbled, knowing he wasn't awake to hear it. He held him tighter, tried to drift off from the comfort of his warm body in his arms, but it only kept him awake. Genos was so pure. Maybe they had been right; maybe he had corrupted him. With his teachings. With his body and with his love.It was too late, and he knew it. It had always been too late.The only way out was in. He had to do it right this time.“My pet...” he mumbled, finally feeling his eyelids grow heavy, though he knew the sun was about to rise.The door creaked open and he sat up in bed. Sonic was stretching and yawning.“Are you going to fight me today?” Saitama asked, climbing out of bed, careful not to wake Genos. Still he heard him groan sleepily, already rising.“After breakfast,” he said plainly.He didn't really want to fight Sonic all that much. He would crush him and it would be no challenge at all. Apart from all that, though, he had no reason to hurt him. If anything, he was in his debt. He had saved their lives. He had nursed them back to health and given them a place to sleep.He sighed, realizing that he had grown another weakness. It had started when he had cried in his cell, when Sonic had held his head for comfort. He had let himself become weak.He knew what he had to do.“Genos,” he said, gathering their things into a bag.“Master?”“We're going now.”“What!?” Sonic shouted, standing up from the floor. “Not without-”“I have no reason to fight you,” Saitama told him, holding up one hand to keep him at bay. “I won't stoop to that.”“But-”“Genos.”He grinned as his pet eagerly looked to him for instruction.“He'll give us away,” Saitama said, sneering at Sonic, how he shook with anger. “Kill him.”“Master-”“You really are a fucking monster,” Sonic said, stepping back, like anything he did could save him.“I'll be waiting outside,” Saitama said, swinging the bag over his shoulder. It was lighter than air, and he knew he had regained his strength.He slammed the door to the cabin, leaving Genos and Sonic inside. He smiled as he heard their muffled yelling, knowing his work was done.When Genos came outside he was smiling, all that pureness lost entirely.“Is it done?” Saitama asked.“He won't be a problem, Master.”“Good, my pet,” he said gently, placing one strong hand in Genos's hair and bringing him in for a kiss. They walked together through the forest, past the beasts and monsters, over the brush and brooks, making their slow and secret escape. Neither of them spoke of how they were being followed, of how there was no doubt an army on the hunt for them. 



Chapter End Notes
I know it's not an exact parallel, but the whole "three nights spent in a place hidden in the woods" thing really made me think of Sir Gawain and the Green Knight. A lot of my stories end up in the woods, it seems. I've read too many Arthurian romances. To me, forests and meadows and the like have always had a magical quality. Time functions differently there, like how in this chapter it always feels like nighttime. I'm prompted to think about the Faerie Land in The Mists of Avalon, and how (maybe spoiler???) Morgaine spends what feels like one night there but comes out several years older, her horse's bones decaying in the swamps. It's a turning point for her in that story, all that lost time. It's what starts her descent into the villain we all think of when we hear the name "Morgana." There were many other things, many other factors in her life that led her to that point, however. Zimmer-Bradley makes her out to be less of a villain, and more of a misunderstood victim of years of misfortune and emotional abuse.  What I'm saying is, Saitama is a priestess of the Isle of Avalon and you should not fuck with him. (Oh my god....yet another alternate universe incoming...must....not....)I could probably write a better analysis of this if I wasn't so emotionally exhausted. Please read Sir Gawain and the Green Knight (the translation by Simon Armitage is the one I have, and it's lovely) and read The Mists of Avalon because it has been a huge inspiration for me as a writer. Also it's just fucking great. Sorry for blabbering on and being a huge nerd. I just get excited about things like this.


Idleness
Chapter Notes
So this is the end. I'll be honest, I'm super anxious right now (I kind of want to vomit) because everyone's responses to this have been so lovely, i'm sad that it's over and worried it won't be what you all wanted it to be. I've never written something this angsty and involved before. I have...a lot of emotions about it lol.But, if you liked my writing, there are 20+ more OPM fics listed in my Works, and i would love for you to check them out!As always, please come talk to me on tumblr (lucbev.tumblr.com)!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




“Are you really going to do this?” he had asked, kneeling on the ground from Genos's first strike, his lip cut open, his teeth knocked loose. “After all I've done for you?”Genos then grabbed Sonic by the hair, lifted him so that they were face-to-face.“I'll let you live,” he told him, the black tears tracing his eyelids. “But you have to promise me something.”Sonic squirmed in pain as Genos's metal fingers dug into his scalp.“Pl-please-” he stammered, “Anything!”“You'll tell no one you've seen us,” Genos commanded. “We were never here.”“Y-yes!”Genos dropped him roughly back to the ground. Certainly he was injured. Certainly he would be covered in scrapes and bruises.“You do everything he says, Genos,” Sonic said, still on his hands and knees. “Why disobey him now?”Genos was silent for a moment, facing away from Sonic. He could see his master through the window, kicking idly at some leaves on the ground. The light filtering in through the thick canopy was bouncing off of his head. Genos smiled, admiring his simple nature. Even after all they had been through, he was still his simple and innocent Saitama, playing with leaves.“I have to save him,” Genos said. “Killing you would have been a step too far.”“Oh yeah?”“You helped us.”“Yeah...”“Everyone else we have killed,” he said slowly, turning just at the neck to look at Sonic, pathetic and bleeding on the floor, “we killed with reason because they had scorned him. I won't let him become this way.”“It's too late,” Sonic spat, standing up and leaning against the wall.“No,” Genos said, calmly, smiling. “I can still save him.”“No more villain-ing?” Sonic asked, cheekily, wiping the blood off his chin.“I'll do whatever Master wishes,” Genos said, mostly to himself, “but I won't let him...”“Genos,” Sonic interrupted, limping over. He placed a hand on Genos's metal shoulder. “Thank you.”“Thank you,” Genos said, walking away from his grasp. “Oh and...”“Hm?”Genos had one hand on the doorknob.“If I found out you've lied, or told anyone where we've been,” he said, not bothering to turn around to make his threat, “I'll find you, and I'll kill you.”“I understand,” Sonic agreed. “Now go. I won't make a sound.”Genos nodded and opened the door without another word to go join his master, waiting patiently out among the brush. He was thanked for dealing with Sonic with a sweet and eager kiss on the forehead. He leaned into it, his master's lips cold in the morning air, needing always to be warmed by him.“Where are we going now, Master?” he asked, his head still tilted against Saitama's mouth.“Out of here, my pet,” he said, motioning vaguely at the forest.“And then?”“Ha,” Saitama chuckled, leaning away and grabbing Genos, wrapping his arms around his back, dipping him low for a kiss. “The world.”“Master,” Genos sighed before their lips touched. “That's so cheesy.”“I couldn't stop myself,” he said, still pecking tenderly at Genos's neck, and he became unsure of what his master was referring to. “But we should get going.”“Yes.”“No one knows the location of Kuseno's lab, right? We can hide out there until we come up with a plan.”“A good idea, Master Saitama.”“I'm full of good ideas.”“Yes.”They walked through the forest hand-in-hand, like two lovers on an easy hike, soaking in the fresh air and the smell of pine.He could save him. He knew it. They left the old doctor's place after a few days of rest. They had decided to head north, into a less populated area where they could plot their coup of the Hero Association.“It's a shame Shit Mask is dead,” Saitama mused as they made their way down the gravel pathway. “I would have liked to kill him myself, and see the look on his face when I won.”“There will be many others who can give you that satisfaction,” Genos assured him. “But...there's no rush.”“Of course not. We'll make them wait.”“Good idea, Master.”“You should call me that less often, Genos.”Genos froze, apparently taken aback by Saitama's sudden change in tone.“Why?”“When there's no one around to hear,” he said, taking Genos's hands in his, “just call me by my name, from now on.”“Okay,” he agreed, nodding.Saitama kissed him then, nervously, like the first time. They hiked on for about a week, stopping to camp each night and build a fire in a clearing. They slept little, for they were always worried about being found. But no one came. Saitama pretended not to worry, pretended not to be hurt that it seemed no one was looking for them. Under the radar, once again, useless and forgotten about.When he would feel that way he would beckon for Genos to lay with him under the moon. They would make love slowly, lazily, eyes glazed over and smiles glued to their faces.It made him feel better, for a little while.They reached the mountain village one morning before the sun came up. They were greeted by children playing in the streets. Cops and robbers.They rented a room at an inn. They got it for cheap from their threats. Word of the villain Saitama and his Demon Cyborg had spread far and wide. The first few days they discussed their plans for taking down the Association. On the fourth day they bathed in the springs. As the weeks went on, their plotting became more infrequent. But they would be together each night, quiet enough so that no one would hear, staying up late with their whispering.“Next, the world,” Saitama would mumble to Genos, tucked neatly into the curve of his body.“The world, Saitama,” he would say happily, tightening his grasp around his master's, his lover's, back.They played cops and robbers with the children. They hung their laundry on the line with the ladies. They sat around the bonfires at night, telling their tales of villainy to the captivated crowd.One morning, while Genos was getting some screws replaced by the local mechanic, he watched as Saitama shopped across the street at the fruit stand. He carefully gripped each apple, each peach, gently in his strong hands, capable of such terror, wrapped softly around all that produce. He was smiling, placing items in a basket, making small talk with the vendor. He looked across the street at Genos and waved, but he looked concerned when he saw that his lover was crying.Genos smiled back weakly, assuring him that he was fine. He was good.He had saved him.Saitama strolled over, grocery bags hanging on his arms, and knelt before Genos. With his shirtsleeve he dried the black tears that stained his face.“It's alright, my pet,” he said softly, smiling up at Genos. “We're going to be alright.” 



Chapter End Notes
fin



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



