



Mochi Kisses - Sxnee - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Mochi Kisses
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/11532408.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Park Jimin, Jeon Jungkook & Park Jimin
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Taehyung | V, Kim Seokjin | Jin, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Min Yoongi | Suga, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope
Additional Tags:
Smut, Fluff and Smut, jikook - Freeform, camboy, Camboy Park Jimin, Photographer Min Yoongi | Suga, Nerd Jeon Jungkook, College, Alternate Universe - College/University, Suggestive, Bottom Park Jimin, Park Jimin Is a Tease, Jeon Jungkook is Whipped, jikook smut, Camboy Jungkook, at the end tho
Series:
Part 4 of
~Endless Jikook Fanfics~
Stats:

        Published: 2017-07-17
          Completed: 2017-07-22
          Chapters: 9/9
        Words: 10738
      

Mochi Kisses
by Sxnee
Summary
Jimin is an amateur camboy and Jungkook is his biggest fan.
Notes
I did so much freaking research for this series. I feel like I understand cam models a little more after this.




Career
Chapter Summary
Jimin decides to start a new career to pay his way though college: a cam model.
Chapter Notes
I seriously did some good ass research while writing this. I feel like I understand what it's like to be a cam model now.



"I'm sorry, you what?" Taehyung asks again, thinking he didn't hear Jimin correctly the first time. "You're doing what for money?"
"I told you, Tae." Jimin fidgets nervously in his seat, looking around to make sure nobody in the small cafe is listening to their conversation. "I've decided to try being a camboy."
"Um, you're not talking about one of those guys who masturbates on camera, are you?" Tae scratches his head, seriously puzzled at his best friend.
"Well, yeah. Kind of." Jimin shrugs, blushing embarrassedly. "What's the harm?"
"What's the harm? Everyone on the internet will be watching you masturbating, Jimin. Is that what you really want?" Tae narrows his eyes.
"I mean, I'm obviously not against the idea. I've been thinking about this for a while now." Jimin shrugs. "I can make money and stuff."
"And stuff?"
"You know, satisfy my voyeuristic tendencies." Jimin laughs. Taehyung can't help the bubble of laughter that forms in his throat.
"You're hopeless." He sighs, eyeing Jimin. "I mean, if you're comfortable with it, I'm not against it. It's not like I'll come across you on the internet."
"Yeah, but I just wanted to tell you since we live together and I don't want you barging in on me mid-stream." Jimin explains. Tae nods, shuddering.
"That's like, my worst nightmare. Walking in on you wrist deep in your own ass." Tae says. Jimin laughs, leaning towards Tae to punch his arm lightly.
"Okay, first of all, I've never been wrist deep in my own ass." Jimin starts. "Second of all--"
"Okay, I think this is enough sex talk for today. Let me eat my muffin in peace without having to picture you jerking it for the whole world." Tae frowns disgustedly.
"Do you think people will actually give me money to do that?" Jimin questions.
"I mean," Tae begins, cheeks full of muffin. "You're cute, so yeah. I think they would. If I were gay and I saw you on a cam sight, I'd pay to watch your stream. Who knows, if you're good enough you could make enough to quit your job."
"Yeah, I seriously doubt that." Jimin rolls his eyes.
"So like, what do you have to do to start? Do you just go for it?" Tae questions.
"Actually, I've signed with an agency. I'm gonna be using their website. It's really popular, so hopefully I'll attract some attention." Jimin explains, taking a sip of his coffee. "I've already set up my schedule for now. Twice a week. Friday and Saturday evenings."
"What time? So I know when to leave the apartment?" Tae asks.
"Seven to nine or ten. I guess it depends on the day." Jimin shrugs.
"I'll just stay with Hoseok on those days. He probably won't mind."
"Thanks for being supportive. I think that if I had told anyone else, they wouldn't have understood." Jimin says.
"No problem. To be honest, it doesn't seem that bad. I trust that you won't jizz all over the place so I'm cool with it."
"Ugh, you're so vulgar." Jimin scrunches up his nose in disgust.
"Says the future camboy." Tae rolls his eyes.
"Whatever. Speaking of the future, I have to get some photos taken. Do you think if I asked Yoongi to do them he'd ask me what they're for?" Jimin asks. "Not nudes or anything, just ones that can attract attention to me."
"Pictures? From Yoongi? I don't know. Do you really need them?" Tae questions.
"Yeah. When my new manager gave me all the paper work, he told me to get some pictures done. They help to attract customers."
"Yuck. Something about calling people who're gonna pay to watch you fuck yourself customers really disgusts me." Tae shivers.
Jimin chuckles. "I'm gonna text him." He puts the conversation back on track. He pulls his phone out from his pocket and shoots a message to Yoongi.

[2:46PM] To: Min Suga


Hey if I asked you to take some pics of me for $20 would you do it?

Almost immediately, Jimin gets a reply.

[2:46PM] From: Min Suga


Yeah sure. U gotta pay me beforehand tho.


[2:47PM] To: Min Suga


When's the next time ur free?


[2:47PM] From: Min Suga


I'm free tomorrow if u wanna do them then. Gotta pay me today tho.


[2:47PM] To: Min Suva


Bet. I'll be over in 10 mins.

Jimin looks up at Tae. "Hey, I'm gonna go. Yoongi said he'd take my pictures if I pay him in advance."
"Alright. I guess I'll see you at home then." Tae smiles.
"Yep. I'll be back later. Gotta go shopping." Jimin chugs down the last of his coffee, standing up from his seat.
"Shopping?"
"Outfits, cute stuff for my room. You know, stuff to get ready." Jimin grins.
"You're too happy about this." Tae sighs. "My cute, misguided best friend." He shakes his head. Jimin flashes yet another smile before patting Tae on the head.
"I'm going. See ya." He waves.
"Bye." Tae calls after him as he walks away.
It takes Jimin approximately seven minutes to walk to Yoongi's studio. He pulls his wallet out of his back pocket as he enters the building, already getting ready to show Yoongi the money.
He walks towards the very back of the place, past other photographers who use the same space. He finally finds himself at the door to Yoongi's office, as he calls it. Really it's just a renovated old broom closet.
"Yoongi." Jimin knocks a few times. The door opens, revealing the short, pale man that Jimin knows and loves. "I have your money."
"Nice." Yoongi snatches the crisp twenty form Jimin's hand, shoving it into the pouch of his hoodie. "So what're these pictures for?"
"Just something. I'll be having outfit changes. Make me look pretty." Jimin tells him as he spins on his heel.
"This might as well be Mission Impossible." Yoongi calls after Jimin.
"Rude." Jimin scoffs.
"Whatever. Just be here at three, got it?"
"Yep. See you then." Jimin waves. He quickly exits the studio and decides to walk towards the bus stop at the end of the street. Taking the bus is a better option than walking all the way to the mall.
The bus ride is pretty short and quiet. It gives Jimin some time to think about everything he's about to do. He's seriously about to get naked on the internet for a bunch of horny strangers. It's weird, but something about he idea excites him. Maybe he really is just a voyeur and that's why the idea seems so appealing to him. Sure, there are other jobs Jimin could do for money, but he wants to do this.
Once he arrives at the mall, Jimin gets right to shopping. He buys outfits and decorations and anything he might possibly need for his streams. Except for toys. He'll buy those online. There's no way in hell he'll be caught dead buying sex toys in person.
Satisfied with his finds, Jimin returns home and sets everything out. He decorates his room with twinkly lights and candles, and puts new sheets on his bed. Then he looks at his new clothes.
He didn't get anything weird. No dog collars or crotchless underwear. No, he bought some regular clothes. See, Jimin has decided to play his cuteness up. That's what he's going for. He doesn't ever think he could be seen as sexy or anything like that, but he does think his chubby cheeks and short stature are cute. He's ready to use that to his advantage.
There are plenty of guys that like that, right?
He bought fluffy sweaters and shorts. Pastel t-shirts and matching boxer briefs. Jimin knows his aesthetic.
As Jimin looks around at everything in his room, he becomes increasingly nervous. He only has four more days until his first stream. He decides that maybe he should watch a few to get the feeling for what he should do.
He pulls his laptop onto his bed with him, opening it up and typing in his agency's website. Once there, he chooses a random stream that had just started. The guy is really cute, and the way his eyes flirt with the camera is interesting. Jimin should really work on his facial expressions.
The guy really puts on a show when he undresses, doing it slow enough to leave people on the edge of their seats but quickly enough that nobody's bored of him. And the way he talks to the people in the chat like they're his friends or something. It's all very personal.
As he lets the stream play, Jimin gets up and walks over to his mirror. He makes different facial expressions, and checks out his angles before trying out his concept.
He kneels down on the floor and runs a hand over his jaw and neck, and down the front of his body before grabbing at the hem of his shirt. I can do this. Jimin thinks. He lifts his shirt off slowly, making sure to remember his face. Once his torso is bare, he trails his hands down his body slowly. He shivers at his own touch. Just as he's about to reach for his pants...
"Jimin?" He hears Tae enter their apartment. Jimin quickly pulls his shirt back on. He stands and pauses the stream he had been watching before going towards his door.
"Yeah?" He opens it up to find Tae standing there with a package in his hands.
"Something came in the mail for you." Tae hands it over. Jimin's eyes light up.
"Oh, thanks." He smiles before taking the box over to his bed. Tae leans against the doorframe as Jimin tears the box open. He pulls out a few sex toys and Tae scrunches up his nose.
"Gross." He says as he turns to walk away. Jimin laughs a little before eyeing the things he bought. He decided to buy small stuff first. Stuff that isn't intimidating. After all, Jimin hasn't had actual sex in like two years. Sure, he has some stuff he uses for himself, but that's different that actual fucking.
He holds up one of the glass dildoes and turns it around in his small hands. It's very pretty. Pink with a flower shape on the end. Jimin thinks that if he were one of his customers, he'd like this one.
He then pulls out the big guns. This was one of the recommended dildoes that his manager told him about. Apparently it's extremely realistic, not only in appearance but in the fact that it holds heat. Jimin really wants to try this one out, but figures it'd be better to do it for the first time on stream.
"Hey." Tae peeks his head into the room again. "Wanna go get some food?"
"Yeah, sure." Jimin nods, putting his things back into their box. He gets up and exits his bedroom, closing the door behind him.
For now, he won't worry about streaming. He'll put those thought behind him for a while.



Photos
Chapter Summary
Jimin sets up his profile.
Chapter Notes
Literally a filler until the next one. Up next: Jimin's explicit first camboy stream.



"No, no, no. This is why I never ask you to be a model for me." Yoongi sighs, hands on his hips and camera hanging from around his neck. "You look constipated, dude."
"What? How do I fix it?" Jimin asks nervously. What if he looks like this during his stream?
"Just relax. You're thinking about this too much." Yoongi tells him. "You're going for cute, right? Well smile or something." Yoongi suggests.
"Smile. Okay." Jimin nods. He takes a few deep breaths before reassuring himself on the little stool Yoongi had given him to sit on.
Jimin flashes a bright smile and Yoongi starts snapping pictures. "Yes! This is exactly what I've been waiting for."
Jimin feels more relaxed at the praise and the shoot goes by almost flawlessly. Afterwards, Jimin hops over to Yoongi's computer to look at his photos. "Wow."
"You did pretty well for your first time. The pastel colors really suit you." Yoongi compliments. "Doesn't hurt that I'm an amazing photographer as well."
"Wow, Yoongi. These look great. I look so good." Jimin laughs happily. "Can you email them to me?"
"Sure, but you never did tell me what they're for." Yoongi reminds Jimin.
Jimin coughs a little. "Just... online." Jimin shrugs.
"Let me guess, you're selling your pictures or something like that?" Yoongi rolls his eyes.
"Something like that." Jimin admits sheepishly, scratching the back of his neck. "How'd you know?"
"I've done this before. People have paid me to take their pictures for that sort of thing before. Hey, if you want more, I can take them. It won't be free though." Yoongi offers.
"Seriously? You'd be willing to do that?"
"Sure. Money is money."
"Alright. I'll think about it." Jimin nods. "Thanks, Yoongi."
"Yeah, no problem." He pats Jimin's shoulder. "I'll send you those pictures."
Jimin nods again, and goes to change back into his regular clothes. He grabs his bag and leaves, waving to Yoongi on his way out the door. He heads back to his apartment and immediately checks his email to find that Yoongi had sent the pictures.
"Perfect." Jimin smiles to himself as he finally makes his profile. He uploads his pictures and creates a username for everyone to know him by. Well, it has to be something cute. Something that represents Jimin...
"Tae!" Jimin calls. After a few seconds, he hears his best friend's feet padding down the hallway towards his bedroom.
"What?" Tae asks, food in hand.
"What should my username be? It should be cute like me." Jimin tells him. Tae walks over and sits on the bed next to Jimin, eyeing the profile he's putting together.
"How about MochiKisses? I don't know, you look like a cute, squishy mochi and people will probably want to kiss you." Tae shrugs.
"You're a genius." Jimin leans his head against Tae's shoulder as he types that in. "Now for my bio. What should I say?"
"I got this." Tae grabs Jimin's laptop and starts typing. "Twenty years old. Come play with me, I like to have fun." Tae reads as he types. "Simple as that."
"Are you sure that's okay? It doesn't sound weird?" Jimin bites at his lip.
"You're going for cute, aren't you? This is cute." Tae nods.
"Okay. I'll trust you." Jimin sighs. The two finish up the profile before submitting it along with Jimin's schedule. Almost immediately he starts getting hits and comments on his page.
"Can't wait to see you. You're adorable. Excited for your show." Tae reads aloud. "Wow, Jimin. It's been like three minutes and there are already creepers ready to pounce on you. Good job."
"Don't say it like that." Jimin punches his best friend. "Hey, while you're in here though, wanna help me get my setup right?"
"Sure, what do you need?" Tae asks.
"Well, I need a good place for my camera as well as help setting up my monitor." Jimin says. So the two get to work trying to find a good angle for Jimin. "How does it look?"
"Good. God, this feels so weird." Tae shakes his head.
"Can you see my whole bed and my decorations?" Jimin asks, ignoring Tae's comment.
"Yep. Can't you see yourself on this monitor?" Tae asks, motioning towards the propped up screen next to the camera.
"Yeah, but I just wanted to make sure." Jimin shrugs. "Thanks for the help though." Jimin grins.
"No problem." Tae pats Jimin's head. "Tomorrow night I'm leaving and coming back on Sunday."
"But tomorrow's only Thursday." Jimin says.
"Yeah, but I don't want to be here if you decide to prep yourself, if you know what I mean." Tae sticks his tongue out in disgust.
"Leave." Jimin tries to throw a pillow at him but just misses as Tae darts out the door, closing it behind him.
Once he's gone, Jimin looks down at the comments on his profile. He feels weirdly excited. Sure, he's anxious to actually start streaming, but he can't deny that he's looking forward to meeting a lot of interesting people. He wonders if he'll have any regulars.
Keeping those thoughts in his mind, Jimin starts planning out how his stream will go on Friday night.



Streaming
Chapter Summary
Jimin has his first stream, and one particular commenter stands out to him.
Chapter Notes
Double upload becaus why not. This won't be the last time you'll read about Jimin's stream (; it's also not the last time you'll hear about a certain commenter.



Jimin takes a few deep breaths as he looks at himself in the mirror. He's clad in a fluffy pink sweater and light blue shorts. His socks have little bananas on them, and his blond hair is styled to perfection. So why is he so nervous?
"Alright, Jimin. You've got this." Jimin whispers to himself. He goes towards his bed and opens up his laptop. Everything is all set up and ready to go. All he needs to do is start his stream.
He clicks the broadcast button and then sees himself on the screen. He looks up at the camera before looking back at his laptop. People are coming in. Not many, but enough.
"Hello." Jimin waves to the camera, putting on his best smile. "Hi."
He looks at his screen again, reading off some comments. "How are you today?" He reads. "I'm fine, thank you. How are you all doing today?"
Every time someone writes in the chat, a little sound goes off, notifying Jimin. He tries not to spend all of his time staring at his screen, and tries to look up at the camera too.
"Thank you for watching." Jimin says cutely. A few pings go off and Jimin reads off a few more comments. "You're so pretty. Is this your first time streaming?" He reads. "Yes, it's my first time. Excuse my nervousness." Jimin laughs.
Getting a little more comfortable, Jimin decides to reach over and show off what he's got today. "I'm not sure if I'm doing this right, but--" Jimin holds up his two main toys in his small sweater-covered hands. "--I have these."
Ping after ping goes off, making Jimin look over at his computer once again. "I like the pink glass one." He reads. "This one?" He holds up the pretty toy. "Isn't it pretty?" He grins. A lot of guys are asking him to do some rather suggestive things, so he does. Jimin doesn't hesitate to start sucking on his toy like it's a lollipop.
That's when the money starts rolling in. Free customers start paying to become premium ones. They start requesting things, and Jimin is eager to please. After a little bit of teasing, he stands himself on his knees, ready to undress.
"What first?" He asks with a smirk. "Sweater or shorts?" Within seconds, he gets a bunch of pings with responses. "Shorts it is." Jimin laughs. Ping. "You have a beautiful laugh." He reads. "Thank you TheJeon." Jimin laughs happily.
Jimin shimmies out of his shorts, putting his bright yellow boxer briefs on display. "I feel so weird." Jimin admits, smiling bashfully. He turns to the side, showcasing his booty. Jimin's known his whole life that he has a great ass, and now it's time to show it off.
Ping. Ping. Ping. His viewer count rises from fifty to two hundred in no time, and he hasn't even done anything yet. Jimin forgets his nervousness and starts to really put on a show. He flirts with his audience and teases them by sending kisses to the camera and touching himself in suggestive ways.
Once it's time to get to it, Jimin doesn't waste time. He removes his fluffy sweater to reveal his lean yet soft body. His skin looks so soft and milky on camera, and the audience seem to like the sight of Jimin sitting there with his underwear on, lips wrapped around his dildo.
"You're the most beautiful person I've ever laid my eyes on." Jimin reads. "Thanks, TheJeon. I've never heard that one before. I'm flattered." He chuckles.
With that, Jimin starts touching himself through his boxers, letting himself be as vocal as he wants to. It doesn't take much for him to become rock hard. Soon, he's fully naked, grabbing lube and fucking himself. All of his nervousness and skepticism from earlier is completely gone now. All Jimin cares about is the way he's feeling right now.
He moans and sighs and says a few people's names as he sees them donating. They seem to really like that.
Just knowing that there are over two hundred people watching him doing these things to himself is enough to make Jimin come. And he does. Hard. It takes him a while to come down from it. He lays on his bed, panting, looking at the camera with glossy eyes.
"Did you enjoy that?" He asks the camera. "I know I did."
His laptop pings a bunch of times and he looks over to read comments. "You were incredible. I want to fuck you. I want to see that again." He reads. "Don't worry, I'll be back tomorrow." Jimin smiles lazily at the camera. He cleans himself off on camera and does a few more things before saying goodbye and ending the stream.
For a while, Jimin just sits there on his bed, thinking. He really just did that. He really just did a livestream of him fucking himself. He feels so exhilarated.
Satisfied with himself, Jimin gets up and gets dressed. He's decided that he deserves a treat, so he leaves the apartment to go get ice cream.



TheJeon
Chapter Summary
Jungkook is introduced. He discovers something quite interesting online.
Chapter Notes
(;



Jungkook is your average nerd. He has like two friends, his second home is the library, and he spends all his time on Reddit.
Except for tonight.
Jungkook has known he's gay for a very long time. Has he ever told anyone? Yeah. His mom. Has he ever had a boyfriend? Nope. He's accepted the fact that he's just not what other gay guys want. Actually, he's not what other people want in general.
Tonight has been a fairly normal night for Jungkook. He had returned to his apartment from the library and ate some food before going to his bedroom to chill for a while. He won't lie, while online he most definitely browses nsfw subreddits. That's why he decided to look around for something good to get off to.
As he clicks on a cam sight, he gets a little excited. Right there on the front page of Live Now is someone named MochiKisses. Jungkook clicks onto the stream to see his beautiful face in full HD.
"He's pretty..." Jungkook says to himself. He wants to leave comments, so he quickly names an account. TheJeon is his name. He watches as Mochi licks his cute pink dildo, eyes teasing the camera. Jungkook can feel his cock twitching in his pants at the sight.
Before he unzips, he shoots Mochi a message. "You have a beautiful laugh." He hears Mochi reading off his message. The sound of his soft, high pitched voice sends a shiver down Jungkook's spine and straight into his pants, making things even harder for him (pun intended). "Thank you, TheJeon." Mochi grins.
As the boy on screen starts taking his shorts off, Jungkook does the same. He rubs himself through his underwear, trying not to go too fast and blow his load early.
The way Mochi shimmies out of his little shorts makes Jungkook go crazy. God, he wants nothing more than to touch his smooth skin. If he could do that, he could die happily.
Mochi touches himself through his bright yellow underwear, still licking and sucking on his dildo like it's a lollipop. "You're the most beautiful person I've ever laid my eyes on." Jungkook types and Jimin reads. "Thanks, TheJeon. I've never heard that one before. I'm flattered." Mochi grins at the compliment.
After a little more teasing, Mochi takes his boxers off for the camera. God, is it something to see. His hard, pink cock springs out of his underwear and falls onto his stomach as he leans back to showcase his ass to the camera.
"Like what you see?" Mochi giggles. Jungkook wants to say yes, I love what I see.
He can't stop the moans that exit his mouth as Mochi grabs some lube and starts fucking himself. Jungkook thinks that this is the most beautiful sight he's ever seen in his life. This beautiful, blond boy with bedroom eyes and red cheeks. The sweat that glistens on his forehead and abs only add to his sexiness. The way that his eyes gloss over and roll back into his head when he hits his g-spot makes Jungkook--come.
"Fuck." Jungkook groans as he spurts streams of cum onto his stomach and chest. He wanted to wait. He wanted to last until Mochi was finished... but you can't always get what you want.
Dissatisfied with himself, Jungkook buys a premium pass for Mochi's channel before exiting out of his browser and shutting his laptop. He cleans himself off and dresses in some pajamas before going straight to sleep.
He dreams about Mochi, of course. He dreams about his smooth skin and the way he might ride Jungkook if they were to ever meet. God, that's all he wants. All he wants is to see him in the flesh and talk to him for a while. Wouldn't that be great?
-
"What'd you do last night?" Namjoon asks Jungkook as they sit together at a cafe for breakfast.
"Nothing. Studied then went home." Jungkook shrugs. It's the truth, but not the whole truth. He did go home and watch MochiKisses again for the fourteenth time. (Yes, even though he streams two times a week, Jungkook has watched him for fourteen days in total. That's like, seven weeks.)
"Why don't you do something fun for once?" Namjoon suggests, sighing. "Get out there. Meet people. Hook up with someone."
"Yeah, right." Jungkook rolls his eyes. "Who'd want to hook up with me?" He frowns.
"Well maybe if you actually tried to talk to someone, they'd want to." Namjoon argues. "Look, Yoongi is having a party tonight. You should come." Namjoon says.
"A party? Me? No thanks." Jungkook sits back in his seat.
"Just once. If you really don't like it, I'll leave you alone and let you go home." Namjoon promises. Jungkook eyes him skeptically for a moment.
"You seriously promise?" Jungkook questions.
"On my mom, dude." Namjoon places a hand over his heart. "Meet me at my place after class."
"Alright." Jungkook sighs. He starts gathering his things. "I'm gonna head out now." He tells Namjoon.
"Okay, see you later, man." Namjoon waves. Jungkook gets up from his seat, slinging his book bag over his shoulder and pushing his chair in.
As he walks towards his first class, he thinks. A party? He can't believe he agreed to that. It'll probably suck and be absolutely no fun at all. What will he even wear? His clothes aren't really that great. When shopping, he usually goes for comfort over style. He's never been invited to a party before so he's never had to worry about something like this. And what if there's alcohol? What if someone offers him a drink? Does he drink it? Does he turn it down? Isn't it like, a given that there will be underage drinking at a party?
Jungkook lets out a frustrated sigh. He seriously doesn't want to think about this anymore. He shakes his head to stop his thoughts and enters the lecture hall before sitting down in his usual seat near the front of the room.



Meeting
Chapter Summary
Jungkook and Jimin have their first in-person encounter.
Chapter Notes
Double upload again. I think I'll do a double upload everyday. What do you guys think? Also, it's about to get saucy.



Jungkook sighs. He shouldn't have agreed to come to this party. He's on his fourth wine cooler and he's still extremely bored. Actually, this alcohol is making him kind of sad and tired. This sucks.
"Hey!" Suddenly a bunch of voices greet someone who had just walked in. Curious, Jungkook turns around. That's when his eyes widen in disbelief.
Standing at the door, surrounded by people is none other than MochiKisses.
Oh god. He thinks. He's actually here. I must be dreaming, right? Right?
"Yo, Jimin. You made it." Namjoon's voice rings out. Jungkook turns his body to get a better look at Jimin.
"Yep. I'm here. I'm so ready to get drunk. I've had a hard week." Jimin chuckles, wrapping an arm around Namjoon. The two all towards the kitchen of Yoongi's apartment, and Jungkook's eyes follow them the whole way there. He even gets up and waddles towards where they went just so he can confirm that this is, in fact, real life.
"Want a beer?" Namjoon asks Jimin, holding out a bottle. Jimin scrunched his nose up.
"No thanks. Too bitter for me. I like sweet stuff." He reminds his friend, reaching over to grab a wine cooler. Jimin's eyes just happen to glance upwards, where they meet Jungkook's. Jungkook swallows hard and scurries away nervously. "Who was that?"
"Oh, that's my friend Jungkook. He's really shy. I told him to come to this party so he can make some friends and get laid. We've been here for two hours and he's been moping on the couch the whole time. This is actually the first time I've seen him get up all night." Namjoon sighs.
"He's cute." Jimin smiles. "I'll be his friend. Or sleep with him. Whichever comes first. Is he into guys?" Jimin asks.
"Dude, I have no idea what he likes. Go for it though. Even if he's straight, he's probably drunk enough to sleep with a dude by now." Namjoon shrugs. Jimin smiles, literally downing a whole wine cooler in ten seconds.
"Okay, I'm gonna go talk to him." Jimin opens another bottle and saunters out of the kitchen and into the living room. He spots Jungkook sitting on the couch by himself, looking around at other people dancing.
"Hey." Jimin calls out once he's close enough for Jungkook to hear him. The younger boy looks up at Jimin and swallows hard.
"M-me?" He asks. Jimin laughs.
"Yes you." He sits down next to Jungkook. "I'm Jimin." He grins. Jungkook swallows hard.
"Jungkook." He shakes the hand that Jimin extends towards him.
"You don't look like you're having that much fun." Jimin notices, sitting back against the couch.
"I'm not." Jungkook admits. He's suddenly thankful for the alcohol in his body. Otherwise, he'd never have the courage to talk to Jimin. "I'm not good at socializing."
"You seem pretty decent to me." Jimin smiles reassuringly. "So you came here with Namjoon?"
"Yeah." Jungkook nods. "He told me if I came and didn't like it, he'd never pester me about another party again. It sounded like a pretty good deal at first. Now, I'm not so sure."
"You should come to stuff more often." Jimin says. "Then we'd be able to see each other more."
Jungkook looks at Jimin. "Y-you'd want to see me again?"
"Of course. I love making new friends." Jimin grins cutely. "Hey, why don't you give me your number? We can hang out when we're both sober." Jimin grins.
Jungkook nods profusely, handing over his phone. Jimin quickly puts his number in before handing the phone back to Jungkook. "S-should I text you then?"
"Yeah. Text me tomorrow when you're coherent." Jimin chuckles. Jungkook blushes. "Hey, wanna dance?"
"D-dance? I don't know..." Jungkook bites at his lip nervously.
"What? Scared?"
"I can't dance." Jungkook lies. Jungkook most definitely can dance, okay. He was in a youth dance crew at his local church when he was eleven.
"You don't have to know how to dance in order to dance. It's a party. We're not gonna be ballroom dancing." Jimin laughs. He sets his drink down before getting up and pulling Jungkook with him. "I'll show you how to do it. Come on." Jimin pulls Jungkook towards the center of the room. He loops his arms around Jungkook's neck and steps closer to the younger boy. "Wrap your arms around me."
"L-like this?" Jungkook asks, resting his hands on Jimin's waist. Jimin rolls his eyes playfully before manually wrapping Jungkook's arms around him. Their bodies are now pressed tightly together.
"Like this." Jimin whispers into Jungkook's ear. Jungkook lets out an involuntary shiver, but tries to ignore it. "Don't be afraid to let your hands wander either." Jimin laughs quietly.
Jungkook doesn't think his heart will survive the night. He desperately wants to trail his hands down and touch Jimin's ass, but he can't bring himself to do it. So he just sways with Jimin.
"You know, this is really nice." Jimin smiles. He looks up at Jungkook. "By now, guys would have already groped my ass like seven times."
"Yeah, well..." Jungkook clears his throat awkwardly.
"You seem different to me, Jungkook." Jimin tells him. "I like that."
"Y-you do?"
"Yeah. I want to get to know you better." Jimin nods.
Jungkook swallows hard. Did he hear that right? Jimin wants to get to know him better? "Me too." Jungkook agrees.
"Good." Jimin removes his arms from around Jungkook's neck and wraps them around his waist, hugging him. He rests his head against Jungkook's chest, and the younger really hopes Jimin won't notice his racing heart.
Jimin does though. He notices and he thinks it's cute and he wonders if it's because of him. He hopes it's because of him.



Hanging Pit
Chapter Summary
Jungkook is a little bit of a weirdo.
Chapter Notes
Will upload the next part when I wake up. Peace out.



It's been roughly two months since Jimin and Jungkook met at that party. They're basically joined at the hip at this point. You'll rarely see one without the other.
"Jungkookie!" Jungkook hears as he walks out of his last class for the day. He feels Jimin before he sees him, arm looping around his waist.
Jungkook looks down and smiles when he sees Jimin smiling right up at him. He rests his arm across Jimin's shoulders and they start walking.
"How was your class?" Jimin questions.
"It was okay." Jungkook nods. "I'm tired though."
"Are you too tired to go out to eat with me?" Jimin makes his eyes big at Jungkook so that he literally can't deny him.
"Sure, I'll go." Jungkook agrees. The two of them quickly make their way to a campus restaurant and order their food.
"Hey, I have a question for you." Jimin starts.
"What is it?" Jungkook asks, cheeks filled with food.
"Are you gay?"
Jungkook almost chokes on his food at the question. So straightforward.
"I-I mean... yeah." He blushes, nodding.
"Really? I couldn't tell." Jimin admits. "I just asked because I want to know if I have a chance with you."
"A ch-chance?" Jungkook stutters.
"Yeah. Even though you've become a really good friend to me, I still kind of want to kiss you." Jimin shrugs. "How do you feel about that?"
"I-I mean, if you wanted to kiss me, I wouldn't stop you." Jungkook bites his lip, staring down at his plate of food.
Jimin smiles at that. Jungkook is so cute. Even though they just met, Jimin can definitely see them eventually getting together. He's definitely not against the idea. In fact, it's been a long time since he's dated. Maybe he should think about that a little more...
"Oh, god." Jimin suddenly looks down at his phone. "Shit."
"What's wrong?" Jungkook frowns up at him.
"I-I have to go. I totally forgot that I have to go to work." Jimin says. Jungkook looks at his phone. It's seven. That's right, Jimin has to stream since today's Friday.
"Oh, okay." Jungkook nods. "You go ahead. I'll get a box for your food and pay."
"Are you sure, Kook?"
"Yeah, don't worry about it." Jungkook nods.
"You're the best. I'll pay next time." Jimin smiles before quickly running out of the restaurant. When he's gone. Jungkook rushes to get boxes for their food and then pay. He has to make it in time for Jimin's stream. Call him sick, he doesn't care. He watches Jimin's streams religiously.
He races to his apartment and literally just makes it in time.
There's something about having just been with Jimin that makes this stream all the more enjoyable to Jungkook. Something about knowing Jimin's food is in Jungkook's fridge, and that he can just text Jimin and have him pick it up makes Jungkook excited.
Seeing Jimin in the clothes he wore today is just... exhilarating to Jungkook. He doesn't last very long this time, because there's only one thing on his mind.
At the beginning of the stream, Jimin announced that he's opening private shows on his channel. That means that you pay per minute to watch Jimin one-on-one through a video call. Jungkook, without even having to think about that, requests one on his page.
He gets one in for Sunday. That's only two days on from now. Jungkook will admit it, he feels like a creep. He considers cancelling his show, but ultimately decides to go through with it. It's not like Jimin will know it's him. It's okay that way, right?
Jungkook suddenly starts feeling really guilty. What if Jimin finds out? What if he thinks Jungkook only got close to him for that? For his streams? What if he thinks that Jungkook thinks that he's easy?
"TheJeon! You're the first person to sign up for a private show." Jimin smiles, still coming down from his climax. His red cheeks and glistening skin are so pretty to Jungkook. "I'm looking forward to seeing you on Sunday." Jimin grins seductively.
"Oh, god." Jungkook groans quietly to himself. He has to do it. He was doubting himself before, but he really, really has to do this now. He wants to hear Jimin moaning for him and only him. He wants to hear the way his name might roll off of Jimin's tongue...
It's official. Jeon Jungkook really wants Park Jimin. And not just in a sexual way. He wants all of him. He wants his eye smiles and his chubby cheeks and his weird sense of humor. Jungkook wants that.
"I'll tell him eventually." Jungkook tells himself, nodding. Yeah, I'll tell him in a little bit. After we get a little closer. Yeah...



Private Show
Chapter Summary
Jimin gives Jungkook a private show, but something goes wrong.
Chapter Notes
I'm gonna upload the last two parts separately since they're both very smutty and long. So yeah, prepare urself for that.



When the camera turns on, Jimin is met by the sight of a young guy wearing a mask and sunglasses. Jimin can't help but laugh a little."Why're you wearing all that? Nervous?" Jimin smiles."Yeah." The guy nods. Jimin thinks his voice sounds a little familiar, but it's probably nothing."Shall we begin then?" Jimin grins. Jungkook, the masked guy, nods. Jungkook can feel the excitement coursing through his body. "You're the boss.""C-can you take off your clothes? B-but leave your underwear on." Jungkook says fast. Jimin smirks and does as he says, making sure to remove his clothes painstakingly slowly. Jungkook does the same."So this is a two way show, huh?" Jimin laughs."Your laugh is so beautiful." Jungkook breathes out."Thank you. You know, you're the only one whose ever said things like that to me during streams." Jimin grins. "I knew you were special from the first day.""I-I'm special?" Jungkook asks."Of course. You're precious to me, Jeon."Jungkook shivers and lets out an involuntary moan at that. God, the way Jimin says his name."I like that." Jimin whispers."Touch yourself for me." Jungkook requests. Jimin complies, stroking himself through his underwear. "Yeah, just like that." Jungkook does the same."God, you're hotter than I thought you'd be." Jimin admits. "I just wish I could see that pretty face of yours.""I wish I could touch you in person." Jungkook tells him in a moan. Jimin softly mons in response."I wish you could touch me too." Jimin bites his lip."Do you have any toys?" Jungkook asks. Jimin nods, reaching over to grab a dildo. It's the pink one again. Jungkook loves the pink one. "I-I wanna see you suck on it.""Do you now?" Jimin grins, licking a stripe up the dildo. Jungkook pulls himself out of his underwear and starts touching himself to the sight of Jimin licking his toy.When Jimin starts to take it into his mouth, Jungkook almost loses it. He never knew that a private show would make him this aroused."Ah, don't come yet, baby." Jimin says. He stands himself up and removes his underwear slowly, making Jungkook breathe in sharply. "Lets put this to good use, shall we?" Jimin laughs softly as he lays back on his bed, spreading his legs for Jungkook's viewing pleasure."Fuck, Jimin." Jungkook moans loudly. Suddenly, it's like time freezes. Jimin snaps up to a sitting position, looking at his screen with wide eyes."Did you just say my name?" He asks.Jungkook panics. Fuck. Now he's done it. "I-I--""Who are you?" Jimin raises his voice."I..." Jungkook, in his panic, ends the video call and closes his laptop. He quickly gets dressed and mentally curses himself. "Fuck, fuck, fuck." He whispers.Now Jimin knows it's him. He knows and he's never gonna want to talk to Jungkook again. He's gonna be so angry. He's gonna think he's a creep. He's gonna tell the whole world about how creepy he is. Fuck. All he wanted was to enjoy Jimin. He likes Jimin and he would never do anything to hurt him. He just really, really thinks that Jimin is hot and--Jungkook's phone rings. He slowly walks over to where it sits on his nightstand. Great. It's Jimin. Jungkook debates on whether or not he should answer it, ultimately deciding to do it."H-hello?" Jungkook answers with a shaky voice."Jungkook?" Jimin sniffles. "C-can I come over? I'm just really scared right now and I need to talk to someone." Jungkook is a little confused. So does Jimin not realize it was him?"Uh, yeah, sure. You can come over." Jungkook tells him."Okay, I'll be there in a few minutes." Jimin hangs up. Jungkook quickly tries to straighten up. He also makes sure to clear his browser history just in case.It doesn't take long for Jimin to come knocking at his door. When he opens it up, Jimin hugs him immediately."J-Jimin." Jungkook stutters."I'm sorry. I'm just..." Jimin breathes heavily."What's wrong?" Jungkook asks."I was... working and... there's this guy..." Jimin struggles to find the words. Jungkook, meanwhile, is biting at his lip nervously."W-what?""Just... in order to explain this, I have to tell you what I do." Jimin looks up at Jungkook with tears in his eyes. "Don't think any differently of me, okay?""Okay." Jungkook nods awkwardly."I'm a cam model. Meaning I get naked on the internet for money. Like a pornstar except live and by myself." Jimin sighs. Jungkook swallows hard."Oh.""Anyway... I was doing a private show for this guy and... he says my name. He says my name, Kook. What if he tracked me down and found out stuff about me? What if he tries to come to my apartment?" Jimin furrows his brow, sniffling."I-I...""My company is supposed to be able to keep creeps like that from finding out anything about me. That must mean he's really good at getting around the system. What do I do?""You...""I should call my company, should I? They can probably track him down for me. Yeah. I can track him down and report him." Jimin decides."Wait!" Jungkook says suddenly. Jimin looks at him. "Jimin...""Jungkook? What is it?"Jungkook takes a deep breath, pulling away from
Jimin and shoving his hands in his pockets. "It... was me.""What did you say?" Jimin asks.Jungkook looks up to meet Jimin's eyes. "It was me."



Truth
Chapter Summary
After Jungkook comes clean, Jimin makes his move.
Chapter Notes
Last part up tomorrow ): I'll be back with more stuff soon tho. Also I feel like I literally always end my smut with fluffy stuff? Just me?



"What?" Jimin asks again.
"It was me. I'm TheJeon, okay?" Jungkook sighs. He couches to the ground and holds his head. "I'm so sorry."
"Jungkook..." Jimin can't believe what he's hearing. "You knew? When did you find out?"
"Before I met you. I... found you like two months before we even met and after I got to know you... I watched your streams even more. I'm sorry. I'm addicted to you."
Jungkook, who's eyes are closed and head down, feels Jimin kneel in front of him and hold his face. He opens his eyes and stares at Jimin.
"Why didn't you tell me?"
"I thought you'd think it was weird. Or that I was only getting close to you because I wanted to have sex with you." Jungkook blushes. "I promise you it's not like that. That's not the reason I got to know you." Jungkook starts to panic. "I got to know you because you're sweet and funny and cute and--"
Jungkook is cut off by Jimin kissing him. Wait, Jimin's kissing him. What?
After Jimin pulls away, Jungkook's mouth opens in shock. "Sorry. I needed to shut you up for a minute."
"Wh--"
"I'm not mad at you. Actually, I'm relieved. I'm glad I wasn't streaming with a creep and I'm glad that you're understanding of what I do." Jimin smiles a little, still holding Jungkook's face.
"Wait... so you're not gonna stop being my friend?" Jungkook asks.
"No. Well, actually I think this is a good transition into being boyfriends instead of just friends." Jimin shrugs. Jungkook starts sputtering and turns red at that proposition.
"B-but I watched your streams and didn't tell you and--"
"Jungkook." Jimin cuts him off. "That's so hot."
"H-hot?"
"Yeah. I've been thinking about telling you for a while now. The fact that you actually watch me on stream is just so..." Jimin licks his lips. "How often do you watch me?"
"Every week. I've never missed a stream." Jungkook swallows hard.
"Fuck." Jimin moans. He presses his lips to Jungkook's again. "You watched me fuck myself online for strangers and I didn't even know. That's so fucking hot."
"J-Jimin?" Jungkook asks as Jimin tries to kiss him again. "You're really okay with this?"
"If I wasn't would I be trying to make out with you?"
"I guess not..."
"So it was you I was having that chat with... why don't we finish what we started then?" Jimin suggests. They both stand.
"Weren't you just in tears over that?" Jungkook asks as Jimin grabs his hand and pulls him towards his own bedroom.
"Yeah, by now that I know it was you, it's fine." Jimin says. He pushes Jungkook onto the bed.l, crawling on top of him. "I'm not gonna lie, I've been wanting to get into your pants for a long time. Since I first saw you, actually. You're my type."
"I-I'm your type?" Jungkook asks.
"Mhm. Tall, handsome, nerdy. I'm a sucker for nerdy guys." Jimin admits, kissing Jungkook's neck and sucking a few hickies here and there.
"Jimin..." Jungkook moans. He can already feel his pants becoming tighter.
"Do I really have this much of an affect on you, Kookie?" Jimin teases, running his hand over Jungkook's clothed cock. Jungkook shivers and jumps a little at the contact.
"Didn't you say I was the boss during our stream?" Jungkook asks, flipping Jimin onto his back. Jimin gasps. He didn't expect Jungkook to just take control like that.
"I'll take over now." Jungkook tells Jimin firmly, already unbuttoning his own pants. He tosses his clothes to the side before doing the same with Jimin's.
"In a rush, are we?" Jimin breathes as Jungkook runs his hands over Jimin's skin.
"I've been waiting for like four months for this. Of course I'm rushing." Jungkook licks a stripe up Jimin's neck and bites down gently.
"Kinky." Jimin chuckles in between moans.
"Be as vocal as you want. I love that about you." Jungkook growls. He spreads Jimin's legs and grabs him through his underwear.
"Fuck, Kook." Jimin's hips buck up at the sensation.
"Stay still or I'll punish you." Jungkook warns. Jimin grins.
"Punish me? That's kind of hot. How'll you do that? I kind of want it."
"Really now?" Jungkook raises and eyebrow before flipping Jimin onto his lip and pulling his boxers off. He rubs circles on the smooth skin of his ass before smacking it once.
"You're gonna spank me?" Jimin bites his lip, grinning.
"Are you sure you want this?"
"I want whatever you want."
Jimin barely has any time to brace himself before a harder smack comes down. He lets out a strangled moan before another one hits him.
"You like it when strangers watch you touch yourself, don't you?" Jungkook spanks Jimin again. Jimin nods, biting his lip. "Speak when I'm talking to you."
"Yes. I love it." Jimin whines as his ass stings from the hits. As painful as it is, it feels good. Jimin never knew he was into this kind of stuff before, but with Jungkook, he loves it.
Jungkook sparks Jimin again, softer this time, and that mixed with his dirty thoughts and the way his cock is rubbing against Jungkook's leg is enough to make him reach behind him and grab Jungkook's hand.
"Fuck, wait." Jimin gasps.
"What's wrong? Did I go too far?" Jungkook asks nervously.
"No, no. I just... if you keep doing that I'm gonna come before you even fuck me." Jimin pants.
"Oh." Jungkook blushes.
"Don't get all shy on me now." Jimin laughs. He props himself up on all fours and looks back at Jungkook. "Come on."
Jungkook reaches over into his nightstand and grabs his almost-empty bottle of lube. He squirts some out onto his fingers before reaching towards Jimin and swirling it around his entrance.
Jungkook really enjoys the moans Jimin lets out as he slowly pushes a finger into him. "More. I can take it." Jimin tells him. So Jungkook polishes a second finger inside, slowly pumping them in and out. "More, Jungkook." Jimin whines.
"Hold on, Jimin. I gotta get you ready." Jungkook tells him as he puts a third finger in. Once he thinks Jimin's had enough, Jungkook positions himself behind him and very slowly inserts himself.
"Oh, god, Jungkookie." Jimin moans loudly.
"You're so tight." Jungkook moans too. Without hesitation, he slides all the way in before pulling out and slamming back into Jimin.
Jimin whimpers in pleasure as Jungkook pounds him repeatedly. Their bodies mold together as they make love. Jungkook is merciless as he grabs a fistful of Jimin's hair, yanking his head backwards.
"Yes, daddy. Fuck me." Jimin cries out in pleasure. This only makes Jungkook go fast, sounds of their moans and skin slapping against skin fills the room.
"I'm gonna come." Jungkook gasps out.
"Me too." Jimin moans. After a few more hard pumps, Jungkook pulls out, spurts of cum decorating Jimin's back. "Shit." Jimin curses as he cums on Jungkook's sheets.
Exhausted and out of breath, the two of them collapse onto the bed, panting.
Jimin looks up at Jungkook. "That was probably the best fuck I've ever had in my life." Jimin tells him.
"Same here." Jungkook agrees. He sits up. "We should probably clean up and change these sheets." Jungkook suggests. Jimin nods. They head towards the bathroom and clean themselves off.
Jungkook gives Jimin some clothes to put on, and they both change Jungkook's sheets before laying down again.
"So... about what you said earlier." Jungkook starts. "The being boyfriends thing."
"What about it? You can't back out now." Jimin wraps his arms around Jungkook.
"No, I'm not going to. I just... like the idea of dating you." Jungkook blushes. Jimin grins and plants a kiss on Jungkook's lips.
"Good." Jimin sighs happily. "You know, I just realized I fucked you on the first date."
"Yeah, well, what can you do?" Jungkook shrugs.
"I have a pretty high sex drive so you better be ready for that." Jimin says. Jungkook can only smile.
"Is that supposed to be a bad thing? That sounds pretty good to me."
"I've had past relationships where guys thought they could handle my sex drive and then couldn't."
"I think this is different." Jungkook rolls over to pulls Jimin into his chest. "God, I've been waiting to hold you like this since I first saw you."
"Usually when you see a guy streaming you want to fuck him, not cuddle him." Jimin snorts.
"You said it yourself, I'm different."
"Whatever." Jimin yawns. "I'm tired. You really... went at it."
"Yeah, well... I have good endurance." Jungkook chooses his words carefully. Jimin laughs.
"I see that."
"Jimin?"
"Hmm?"
"You're really not mad that I was creeping on you?" Jungkook bites his lip nervously.
"Jungkook, we just had sex. Obviously I'm not mad. If you were some random guy who I didn't know, then I'd be mad."
"I just wanted to make sure."
"Well, don't worry. You can't get rid of me now." Jimin smiles.
"I never want to anyway."



Streaming pt 2
Chapter Summary
Jungkook joins one of Jimin's streams.
Chapter Notes
The end is awkward dude I literally didn't know how to wrap it up lol I'm sorry.
Anyway, join me next time for a new fanfic called: Sugar Daddy~
Thanks for reading!



"Jimin, I really don't think this is a good idea." Jungkook frowns and wrings his hands nervously as he looks at his boyfriend sitting on his bed.
"I think it's a great idea. I told you if you don't want your face showing to wear a mask or something." Jimin rolls his eyes.
"I..." Jungkook sighs. "I'm nervous."
"Jungkook, honey. We talked about this for weeks. You said you'd be okay with doing this with me. Are you really gonna back out now?"
"I-I mean... weren't you nervous the first time you got naked on camera?" Jungkook asks.
"Of course I was, but I didn't chicken out? No. Besides, I'm here with you, baby. It'll be okay. Once we get going you won't even think about the camera. I already told everyone I'd be having a guest anyway."
"You what?" Jungkook swallows hard.
"It's no biggie. If you don't like it, you don't have to do it again." Jimin reasons.
"If I don't like it? Jimin, either way I'm gonna be having sex with you. How can I not like it?" Jungkook whines. "That's like, not fair.
"Jungkook, just come sit next to me and shut up. I'm MochiKisses and you're Daddy, got it?"
"Why'd you have to give me that name?" Jungkook blushes.
"Because I call you daddy when we fuck, duh." Jimin rolls his eyes like it's the most obvious thing in the world.
"Can I have a different name? Please?" Jungkook frowns.
"Fine."
"Ironman."
Jimin blinks at Jungkook before turning to his computer. "Okay, I'm starting now."
Jimin reaches over to start his stream. Once he sees people start coming into his stream, he greets them with waves.
"Hi everyone. How are you guys doing today?" He asks. Jungkook can't help but stare at Jimin as he does his thing. It's so weird seeing it from the other side. "I brought that special guest like I said I would." Jimin elbows Jungkook.
"H-hi." Jungkook blushes shyly. "I-I'm Ironman."
Ping, ping, ping. "You like Marvel? I'm a DC person. Ironman is my favorite superhero. You're cute." Jimin reads off comments. "See, Ironman, this isn't that bad."
"I..." Jungkook looks at Jimin in disbelief. "Why would you ever prefer DC over Marvel? I just can't wrap my head around that."
"Okay, anyway, we're gonna start." Jimin winks cutely at the camera. He then turns to Jungkook and crawls onto his lap, pressing their lips together carefully.
"Mochi..." Jungkook sighs between kisses. Jimin can't help at grin at that.
"I like it when you say my name like that." Jimin tells him. He has to make sure to be vocal about his thoughts for the camera. "I like how aroused you get so quickly."
"Can you blame me? You're so... fuckable." Jungkook struggles for the word. Jimin tries not to laugh in his face at that, and tries to move on. He gets off of Jungkook and sinks to his knees on the floor in front of him.
"Ready for the big reveal?" Jimin asks his stream as he places a hand over Jungkook's pants. He reads off a few comments. "Will you be fucking him or will he be fucking you?"
"I'll be fucking him." Jungkook says quickly before Jimin gets any ideas.
"You heard him. He'll be the top today." Jimin says. He gets up and moves his camera to the side a little to get a better angle on this. He goes back into position and continues.
Jimin slowly unbuttons and unzips Jungkook's pants, pulling them and his underwear down at the same time. He's a little too eager to start.
Jungkook bites his lip hard as Jimin takes his cock in his small, cute hands. He looks up at Jungkook with big eyes and a small smile.
"Ready?" Jimin asks. Jungkook nods, swallowing hard. Jimin starts by kissing the head of Jungkook's cock, sending a shiver down the youngers spine.
"God, Ji--Mochi." Jungkook catches himself as he moans.
"No slip ups." Jimin whispers a warning.
"Sorry." Jungkook reaches forward, tangling his fingers in Jimin's soft hair. Jimin licks up Jungkook's shaft, tongue flat against the underside. "Shit."
"Come on, baby. Don't be afraid to be vocal. They love that." Jimin tells Jungkook. Jungkook nods and lets himself get lost in the pleasure.
Jimin slowly takes Jungkook into his mouth, stopping a little ways down. Jungkook has other ideas though. He gently presses Jimin's head down until he can feel his nose pressing into his skin. Jimin sinks his nails into Jungkook's thighs as he gags and chokes. Jungkook lets him up and Jimin looks at him.
"I wasn't ready." Jimin pouts. In response, Jungkook holds his face with one hand and shoves his cock back into Jimin's mouth with the other. The sparkle in Jimin's eye tells Jungkook that this is what he wants. He wants to be handled roughly. So Jungkook does it again, making Jimin deepthroat him until he gags.
Jungkook notices some pings going off as he holds Jimin's head down, so he reads some off to waste time. "That's so fucking hot. Are you two dating? Spank him." Jungkook reads.
He forgets to let Jimin up until he smacks Jungkook's thigh. "Sorry." Jungkook chuckles sheepishly.
"Lets move on." Jimin tells him, saliva dribbling down his chin. Jungkook uses Jimin's shirt to wipe it off before pulling it off of him completely.
"I'm taking over now." Jungkook whispers.
"So you're okay now? You're not gonna cry because--ah!" Jimin gasps mid sentence as Jungkook flips him over his lap. He pulls Jimin's pants and underwear down, exposing his smooth ass to the camera.
"Would you look at that, everyone?" Jungkook grins at the camera. "What's this?" Jungkook touches the butt plug that Jimin has in, making the older quiver.
"D-daddy." Jimin stutters.
"It's Ironman." Jungkook reminds him.
"I'm not calling you Ironman." Jimin tells him.
"That's the name I chose though."
"Too bad."
"Well, I guess I'll have to punish you then." Jungkook sighs. Jimin looks over his shoulder at him. "What do you guys suggest?"
Ping, ping, ping, ping. Jungkook looks over at the computer screen to read off suggestions. "Spank him. Fuck him with the plug." He reads off. "Ooh, I like the sound of that." Jungkook grins. He reaches over towards Jimin's pillows, pulling something out from underneath.
"What's that?" Jimin asks.
"It's another butt plug. Bigger." Jungkook shows Jimin. Jimin sticks his tongue out, letting Jungkook put it in his mouth. "Now, relax." Jungkook lightly spanks Jimin.
Jimin pops the new plug out of his mouth and looks back at Jungkook's hands as they grab onto the plug inside of him, slowly working it out.
"Fuck." Jimin gasps at the sensation of being empty.
"Tell them how long you've been wearing this, Mochi." Jungkook says, spreading Jimin's ass cheeks for the camera.
"A-all day." Jimin stutters, shivering. "Daddy, put the new one in." He whines.
"I will, baby, I will." Jungkook says, taking it from Jimin's hands. He swirls the tip around Jimin's entrance, teasing him a little before applying pressure.
"Just do it all at once." Jimin bites his lip.
"You sure?" Jungkook asks. Jimin nods. "Alright." He shrugs before shoving it all the way in.
"Oh, fuck, Jung--" Jungkook soaps a hand over Jimin's mouth, pulling him against his chest.
"Ah, ah. Don't you dare say my name." Jungkook whispers, licking up the side of Jimin's neck, nibbling on his earlobe. He sinks his teeth gently into The soft skin behind Jimin's ear, evoking a loud moan from the older.
"Baby, please." Jimin whines. Jungkook closes his first around Jimin's erection, stroking slowly and loving the way his breath hitches in his throat.
"You like it when I touch you, don't you?" Jungkook rubs his thumb over the head of Jimin's cock, slathering precum all over it.
"God, please don't tease me like this." Jimin moans, head falling back onto Jungkook's shoulder in ecstasy. Jungkook brings his freehand up to gently caress Jimin's neck.
"I don't know if you're ready. I think I want you to keep that butt plug in for a little while longer." Jungkook growls. Jimin shakes his head, panting heavily.
Jungkook pulls his own cock out from under Jimin. He puts their erections together, stroking them slowly.
"Shit. I'm gonna come." Jimin gasps. Jungkook immediately lets go of Jimin and the older whines. "No..." He swivels his hips, trying to get any sort of friction that he can, but nothing works and he doesn't climax.
"I can't let you come that easily." Jungkook chuckles.
"Fuck me. Please, fuck me." Jimin cries.
"What do you guys think? Should I give in, or make him suffer?" Jungkook asks the chat.
Ping, ping. "Fuck him." Jungkook reads. "The chat gets what's the chat wants."
Jungkook reaches under Jimin, slowly popping his butt plug out and quickly replacing it with his own cock, letting Jimin sink down onto it.
It takes a second for Jungkook to adjust to the pleasurable feeling before he hooks his arms under Jimin's thighs and starts bouncing him. Jungkook moans loudly into Jimin's ear, a rounding the older further.
"Baby, I don't think I can last much longer." Jimin whines. He can feel himself getting close. The sensation of his own cock rubbing gently against his stomach and Jungkook inside of him is more than enough to pushes him over the edge.
"Cum for me." Jungkook growls, increasing his speed. Jimin gasps for air, licking his lips and biting down on them as he shoots sputs of hot cum all over himself and the floor in front of him. As he's coming down from his climax, Jungkook is going through his.
"Cum inside of me." Jimin tells his boyfriend as he shoots his load. He grunts loudly before panting heavily, letting himself and Jimin fall back onto the bed in exhaustion.
"Wow." Jungkook breathes out. He cranes his neck to look at the comments on what they just did. Everyone's talking about how hot that was, and how they hope Ironman will be apart of more streams in the future.
"Oh, he will. I promise." Jimin winks and smiles tiredly. He sits up before rushing to the bathroom, calling over his shoulder to have Jungkook end the stream.
"Thanks for watching, guys." Jungkook breathes out. "I'll be back with Mochi tomorrow." He laughs. "I don't know if my heart can handle this though. Anyway, thanks for watching. we'll be back tomorrow. Bye." Jungkook waves at the camera before ending the stream and letting out a breath of relief.
He gets up, grabbing his clothes from the ground and taking them with him to the bathroom. He finds Jimin in the shower, washing himself up. He decides to join, quickly hopping in behind him.
"Need some help?" Jungkook asks as Jimin washes his hair. Jimin smiles up at the younger and nods cutely. Jungkook reaches up and scrubs Jimin's hair gently, smiling at the way he closes his eyes at the sensation.
"That feels good." Jimin tells him tiredly. "After this, can we go to sleep?"
"Of course." Jungkook smiles. The two of them finish cleaning themselves up and dry off before changing into pajamas and falling asleep.
Jimin, as he's falling into a deep sleep, can't help but think about how lucky he is to have Jungkook. Someone who understands him and truly gets him. He's happy, and thinks they'll be together for a long time.
Jungkook, on the other hand, thinks that him and Jimin were meant to be, and is excited to start a new chapter in their weird, voyeurism-based relationship.
Who knew this would've all started because Jungkook is a gay creepy who first found Jimin online and even after meeting him in person still continued to watch every single one of his streams? Not them, that's for sure.




Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



