



My Dancer Yoonmin - orphan_account - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

My Dancer (Yoonmin)
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/9665399.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Min Yoongi | Suga/Park Jimin
Character:
Min Yoongi | Suga, Park Jimin (BTS)
Additional Tags:
Min Yoongi | Suga Is a Little Shit, Underground Rapper Min Yoongi | Suga, Dancer Park Jimin, Smut, Eventual Smut, Blow Jobs, blowjob
Stats:

        Published: 2017-02-12
          Completed: 2017-03-03
          Chapters: 13/13
        Words: 7771
      

My Dancer (Yoonmin)
by orphan_account
Summary
Park Jimin is a dancer underground. Min Yoongi takes a liking to him.The rest is history.
Notes
(Chapters will be shorter then my old fanfictions. I stress too much about word count. I want to write what amount i feel comfortable with.)




Chapter 1



His hips swayed as the club music vibrated through his ears. His eyes met with a female in the audience, giving her a shameless smile. This was his way of expressing himself. Dance.The tempo sped up, This was the cue. With a few hip thrusts and A bite of his lip, he reached for the hem of his shirt and threw it over his head.He heard a cheer from a woman in the crowd and looked around for her. Only for his eyes to stop at a certain man that seemed to be staring at him.he couldn't describe the stare. It could be of affection, of hatred, of boredom. It was so blank he couldn't tell. But it was definitely something. The man had jet black hair and looked somewhere in his early twenties. He was an attractive man to say the less.running his hands down his chest he kept the strangers gaze. His feet moving rapidly to keep up with the song. As the song neared its final beats a wink was given out to the stranger.Applause erupted through the club, A few whistles included. Walking off the stage was a relief to his sweating body."Good work there Jimin. You messed up on that final step but no one seemed to notice." His manager Seokjin graded. "But who were you staring at out there? Must be someone really scary for you to mess up like that Jiminie." He teased. Jimin slapped him on the shoulder for his tease, Looking down at the floor."It was no one really. He just seemed to be looking at me weirdly.." Jimin responded, Shivering at the thought. "Creep?" Jin intrigued, But Jimin shook his head. "I don't think so. He didn't seem like that kind of person." He mumbled, grabbing a water bottle that could've belonged to anyone and chugged it. He didn't care and he was sweaty."Here's your shirt back." A fellow dancer interupted, Shoving the shirt aggressively to Jimin's chest. "Rude.." He mumbled in response and watched as the dancer walked away.he moved to turn back to Jin but his manager was no longer there. With a shrug he put on his shirt, and made his way upstairs.The way home was uneventful and boring as it usually was. Nothing changed. It was all normal. Except the fact he was an underground dancer of course.the man arrived back in his apartment, shutting the door behind him and mindlessly throwing his keys on the counter.Stripping down for a bath he thought about the man who stared at him today. What interest could he possibly have?While it was possible it could've been another creep just wanting to touch him the stare seemed so unreal. So unnatural. And so motionless.Swirling the water in circles with the tips of his fingers he sighed. His muscles were once again sore from the intense dance regimen. Even though his muscles ached he couldn't get the thought of the man out of his head.Knowing himself though, he'd probably forget him in a week. Like most people, they only visited the underground once. Not bothering to come back.Pushing the thought of the stranger to the back of his mind, He sat forward and began to drain the tub.



Chapter 2
Chapter Notes
Note for new armys: Gloss was Yoongi's name before Suga
(Comments and votes help)



Again it was a normal day. Still counting the dancing as normal. Take the bus, Enter the shop where he’d be dancing today and give the employee the card.
The worker would then let him down the stairs into the basement. Then he’d wait an hour or so till he could walk on stage. That was his favorite part. When he felt the vibrations of the music, when he moved his body to the appealing rhythm.
He had a dance with two other people on stage today. He hated dancing with others. Park Jimin much preferred to be solo. All eyes on him. In the center.
It would have to settle for being with three people for now though. Whatever got him paid.
Dragging his foot down and into another spin he faced the audience. And his eyes locked with the same man.
The stranger from yesterday. Well two days in a row. Maybe he just came for the other dancers. It was a possibility. No one has came for just Jimin before. The mysterious man the time raised his arm up waved. if he saw that right and his eyes weren’t deceiving him.. The hot stranger was back and waving to him. Not the one of the other dancers.
He froze. But snapped back to reality a second later when he realized he needed to be dancing.
He had just messed up on stage. there go any chances of solo dancing for about a month or so.
The song faded out and Jimin finished in his ending position. The applause filling the room. But he knew it was for the two dancers beside him.
He stormed off stage, Jin already waiting there for him. “Jimi-“ “-I know I messed up you don’t need to scold me again.” He snapped, Marching past his manager.
a light tap on his shoulder stopped him from his angry walk off and he lashed around. “Jin I swea-“
It wasn’t Jin. It was the stranger. The man who had made him mess up today. Jimin took a deep breath, Putting on a fake smile.
“Hey, can we talk privately?” The man asked. Great, This day was just getting better as it went on.
“Sorry Sir I may dance but I don’t dance like that..” He apologized and turned away once again.
“No I just want to speak…” The stranger pressed on. The tone in his voice sympathetic.
How bad could one lap dance be? Jimin wondered to himself. Plus, that man was hot.
he lead the mystery man to a private room. Used to talk trades. Illegal trades. Or regular trades. Whatever it was Neither mattered to Jimin.
He let Mr.Stranger sit in a chair before popping the question. “So you want a lap dance? Is that it?” He pressured.
“What? I just wanted to talk to you..” The man mumbled, And suddenly Jimin felt the room warm up. “I-i’m sorry I just assumed y-“ He choked on his words. Unable to form sentences after this embarrassment.
“Its fine..” The other assured, Shaking his head at Jimins nonsense. “My name is Min Yoongi. You may know me as Gloss.”
Gloss, The new upcoming underground rapper with hundreds of fans going to his concerts. Flooding basements.
“I’m familiar with the name.” Jimin acknowledged. “And you dance hip hop correct?” Yoongi inquired. Jimin nodded.
“Would you like to be my dancer?”



Chapter 3
Chapter Notes
Comments really do help guys!



“Would you like to be my dancer?” Yoongi questioned, A charming smirk riding up onto his face. He moved to grab a business card from his pants pocket and offered it out to the other in between his two fingers.
“So let me get this right..” Jimin began, Straightening up his posture. Feeling the older mans stare on him. A different stare from when he was dancing. This stare actually seemed normal compared to the monotonous one from before.
He could read the emotion in this face, It was of interest. He guessed Yoongi was interested in what he was going to say.
“You want me to dance for you..?” He asked, Tilting his head to get a better view of that glinting grin.
“Isn’t that what I asked? You seemed way smarter when you were dancing.” The elder bit, And quickly moved to place the card back into his pocket. But Jimin rushed forward, snatching the card out of the grumps hand.
“I’m probably smarter then you jerk.” He taunted, Stepping back to lean against the wall. With a business card slipped into his back pocket he nodded to Yoongi. “Honestly I still don’t see why I should do it..”
“With that pretty body, Voice and face of yours you don’t wanna be a dancer for me? i know you could do it. “ Yoongi roused. Jimin looked around the room. Feeling heat rising from where he was standing. “You’re body would fit so beautifully against my voice. Come on ” The elder continued on, Leaning forward in his chair.
“Okay okay! Let me think about it over night!” He shouted, Taking a few breaths to calm himself down.
“You can leave now. I don’t have to walk you out.” He sneered and Yoongi got up giving Jimin another glance. “I’ll see you tomorrow then.” He mumbled as he walked past the shorter man.
The entire way home Jimins head was a mess. When he got back to his apartment he threw his shoes off and flopped down onto his bed. The pros of the deal were obvious. A definite boost in income. Gloss was one of the most famous underground rappers at the time. Along with that J- something. So more money. More popularity. But was that a good thing?
He’d get fans. He wouldn’t exactly know how to deal with that. What were the cons? The haters, Who wants a new dancer to suddenly appear with one of the most famous underground rappers?
With a glance to the clock Jimin sighed. He’d have school tomorrow. But right after school he’d go underground again. That was his schedule. But life was short. And what would it be without fast decisions? He’d say yes to that offer.
As Jimin faded to sleep a smile graced his lips when he thought about the strange man named Yoongi.



Chapter 4
Chapter Notes
Note: Jimin is dancing to the song paradise lost by gain. I really request you listen to the song and watch the dance(its kind of a *ahem* dance..seeing as it was banned for being too sexy)



Note: Jimin is dancing to the song paradise lost by gain. I really request you listen to the song and watch the dance(its kind of a *ahem* dance..seeing as it was banned for being too sexy)-----------------
School was probably one of the most boring things. He was majoring in, of course dance. It was something about if his underground dancing career didn't work he'd have something to go to. But he didn't even have the slightest chance of being a professional dancer. 
But the continued routines he had to go through, the routines he had to practice repeatedly it just wasn't him. Wasn't Park Jimin. He preferred hip hop. Feeling the fast beat. Not classical ballet. It was okay for now though. 
The moment his final class ended he slung his bag over his shoulder and raced out. This explained why Jimin had no friends outside of dancing. 
The place this time was in the basement of a rich looking restaurant. He had been here once before and the stage was one of the best. Big and higher then the audience so everyone could see him. 
He showed a waiter his pass, and made it downstairs. Showing the strict bouncer another pass he made it backstage. This one was a special one. It had couches! 
Jimin plugged his earphones in, knowing he wouldn't be going on for another hour or so. So he set a timer for half an hour and dozed off to sleep. He was woken up before his alarm by a frantic Manager shaking his shoulders and ripping out his headphones.
"Jimin the dancers you were suppose to be working with bailed!" The elder screamed. And Jimin sat up immediately. "Solo? I have to dance solo? To a group song?" He questioned. 
"You're not gonna dance at all... unless you wanna use that solo you were preparing?" Jin mumbled, glancing around the room nervously. 
"You mean Paradise..." he Verged. Not wanting to finish the sentence. "Yeah that one.."
"How much time do I have?"
"About ten minutes... Do you know all the moves?"
"Yea I think so..." Jimin started, watching as Jin took a sip from his water bottle.
"Fuck give me that!" He grabbed the bottle from Jin's hand, pouring it over his head and soaking his shirt. "Jimin what the hell?" His manager screamed. 
"For affect. It makes it sexier. Cause you can see my abs" he bragged. With a deep breath he gave Jin a worried look and walked onto the stage.
With a quick scan of the audience he noticed Yoongi there again. The man seemed to know wherever Jimin was preforming.
Jin voiced from offstage. "Things will be a little different tonight.. Jimin will be performing his solo Paradise Lost.." 
The songs dramatic beat began, and Jimin ran a hand through his hair. Every time he moved he became aware of his soaking shirt. He regretted it the moment he started dancing, but at least it would make him look hotter. 
He dropped himself to the floor, face turned to the audience, arching his hips up and down in a thrusting movement. He pushed himself up again, dragging his foot slowly on the floor before quickly moving to sit down again. 
Jimin used his hands to hold his body up and swayed his hips side to side, biting his lip playful as he threw his head back. 
He moved his head to face the audience once again, throwing his legs open to a split. But this time he made eye contact with a certain person. The certain Min Yoongi. 
He felt bold today. So he winked at the man, bringing his legs back together for another hip sway.
He continued to dance, body moving in a hypnotizing rhythm. Silencing the audience. "They're talking about a fantasy" the song rang, cueing Jimin's favorite part. He arched up his ass,grinding his legs in a full circle.Not breaking eye contact with Yoongi the entire time.
And much to his dislike the song was over before he knew it. Everyone cheered loudly. Someone even threw a flower to him. 
Walking off stage Jin was waiting for him, mouth agape. "Jimin that- I didn't even know you had that in you."
The man in question just shrugged, walking past him in search for a certain man. Who he had an answer for. He spotted Yoongi out of the corner of his eye and walked over to him. The problem he was having was clearly obvious. 
"Jimin I-"
"I'm your dancer" Jimin cut off.



Chapter 5



Yoongi stood in front of the busan man. Taking a ‘short’ glance up and down the younger mans body. He saw the shirt wet and clinging to the dancers chest. He saw the amount of muscle, Revealed by the soak. This made Heat flood through his body.
“O-okay.” Yoongi stuttered, Nodding lightly. Acting like this was unlike him. Normally he would have control over the cute men who tried to flirt with him. but this time he couldn't control it. He had just witnessed one of the most entrancing dances ever. By the hot as hell Park Jimin.
Shaking his head Yoongi regained himself, Snapping back to reality. “I'll see you here tomorrow then.It will be packed hope you’re ready for that.” He announced. “Give me your number so I can send you the song you're dancing too.” The elder commanded, gaining control of his post dance mind. He held out his phone which Jimin grabbed, entering his number into it.
Jimin returned it and Yoongi set the name to ‘My dancer”. Jimin in responde took out his own phone and entering Yoongi’s phone number. Putting the contact name as ‘gloss :-)’. Once they finished another person tapped Jimin’s shoulder, and Yoongi took this as his place to turn and walk away.
Jimin talked to at least ten people, And by now he couldn’t care less how good his dance was. How spectacular he moved. He was grateful for all the positive support, he really was. But all these people were getting annoying.
A lady with a bad haircut approached him. And Jimin was honestly so done at this point. “Hi I couldnt help but overhear… You’re going to dance for gloss..?” The woman asked in her preppy high voice. “Yea.” Jimin answered. In all honesty he didn’t even hear the question. His eyes just trailed toward the exit of the basement.
“Oh my!” The woman exclaimed, Typing away on her phone frantically. “May I upload the video I got of you dancing?” She questioned, and to which jimin nodded. The girl bounded away, squealing when she reached her male friends.
With a desperate look to the stairs Jimin made a run for it, bee lining through the door and outside. That was when he realized it was raining out and his shirt was already drenched.
In a desperate run home Jimin almost missed the bus.
With a sigh he slammed his front door shut and threw his keys to the side. The dance had left him exhausted. And he didn’t know if the day could get anymore tiring. That was until his phone went off.
{gloss :-)}: Congrats. You already have an audience.
{gloss :-)}: Link to youtube: “Gloss new dancer. Dancing to Paradise Lost by Gain”
{gloss :-)}: Oh and by the way here’s the song. ‘Mp.3’
Jimin pulled a drink out of his fridge. Tomorrow was going to be a long day. He opened the video and it already had ten thousand views. Uploaded 3 hours ago. It was the video of him dancing, he suspected that from before but as he scrolled down to the comments it was a whole other story.
One comment read "This will make his performances a bit more intresting." Another read "whats his name?" but one comment that certainly caught his eye was.  "Man, Gloss sure got a nice night out of him." 
Did these people think he was dating? Yoongi? 
Maybe he was reconsidering that dancing job.



Chapter 6
Chapter Notes
How many layers of irony are you on. Idk maybe 5 or 6 rn my dude..You are like a babywatch this...
(A HINT FOR WHAT HAPPENS IN THE NEXT CHAPTER IF YOU KNOW THE ENDING TO THIS)



Jimin had to force himself out of bed, his muscles aching from the dance he danced the night before. And to make it even better he had to practice a dance for the song Yoongi sent him. But today was important. He had an exam. And most important...he was dancing for Yoongi today. 
The grump who asked him to speak privately, gave him a weird business card and expected him to dance for him. Thinking back on it he should’ve said no. Seeing the events though, it appeared too late to change time.
Physically rolling out of bed he began his uneventful day at university.
He was minding himself in the cafeteria when a boy seemingly his age approached him. “Are you that new dancer?!” he asked loudly. Making a few tables turn and face their direction. “What do you mean..? And please try to be quiet..” Jimin hushed, turning his attention back to unfinished food.
“I mean for gloss! I saw that video of you!” He continued to shout, Plopping himself down in a seat across from the poor boy. Leaning in to hear the man better. “Yea.. that’s me but try not blabbering to almost everyone how I’m an underground dancer. Thanks” He replied sarcastically. 
“Lets be friends! My names Taehyung!” and those words lead to a never ending friendship. They talked about anything to everything during that small lunch break and just seemed to bond. 
When his final class let out he rushed out, Taehyung bounding up to his side. “I’m coming with you! I wanna watch this!” He explained, With an incredible amount of energy. “Fine Tae..” Jimin droned. 
They arrived at the same restaurant as yesterday. And Jimin did the same procedure, showing his card and leading himself downstairs. It was absolutely packed. It was even hard to get backstage by the amount of people here to ‘gloss’ 
“Nervous?” Taehyung asked, sitting backstage with his friend. “No not really,I mean i guess i'm used to it.” He responded pleasantly. Then the door was opened, Disrupting the two friends pleasant conversation. 
It was Yoongi, followed closely by Jin. “Hello.” Yoongi greeted quietly, Eyes hovering over to Taehyung. “Who’s this?” But he was not given an answer by Taehyung who ran up to him. Almost tackling the man. “GLOSS OH MY GOD I LOVE YOU.” He shouted loudly in the others ear. 
“Jeez kid. Dont make me deaf before a show..” he commented, pushing the annoying kid off him. 
“You ready Jimin?” The younger boy nodded, following Yoongi onto the stage. 
The music began and Jimin fell into a rhythm,using the dance moves he had practiced.
Yoongi’s rap sounded like heaven. Flooding through Jimin’s ears. It made his dance more passionate. He didn’t remember ever dancing this passionately before. With a swing of his hips and a hand dragged down his waist. He moved his head to glare at the rapper. ‘Gloss’. 
Suddenly he remembered those comments, rumoring about a relationship between the dancer and the rapper. So why not give them a little of what they wanted? Strutting over to the elder he slung a arm around his neck. Giving a wink to the audience he removed his arm and stood in front of the man, Bending down to grind quickly on his front. 
This act gained a massive cheer from the audience, and he heard Yoongi stutter in his rap. It was quick, and he was able to make up for it but Jimin definitely heard it. 
At the end of it the two were both left out of breath. The crowd went wild, cheering so loud Jimin was sure the customers upstairs would be able to hear. They did a quick bow and walked offstage.
Jimin’s smile shone brightly, Turning to Yoongi. His bright smile was wiped off his face. “How much of an idiot are you?” Yoongi snapped, Making Jimin jump. “We live in Korea! Do you know how homophobic this area is?!” He barked, nailing holes into Jimin with his eyes.
“Listen I’m sorry-” “Sorry isn’t enough I could loose my whole fucking career!” The elder cursed, Backing up Jimin so his back hit the wall. “Yoongi let me fucking explain!” Jimin snapped, and once the mood settled, and the air around them calmed he opened his mouth to explain.  “I was too caught up in the moment..” He sighed, Glancing down to the floor. 
But out of the corner of his eye he saw the time. Jimin had missed his bus. The only way home.



Chapter 7
Chapter Notes
The answer to the hint: Succ 
Some smut guys are you ready? 
--------------------------------



(Smut warning)
“Shit my bus!!” Jimin Shouted in the middle of the fight. Disrupting the tense aura of the situation. He pushed Yoongi away from him and ran straight up to the clock. “Is this right? I just missed the bus! It’s the last one home!” Jimin rambled, Sinking down to the floor.
“Will I have to walk home..?” The dancer mumbled to himself. Gripping his hair in his hands. “Well.. you can come home with me if you really need too..” Yoongi offered quietly. Dismissing the fact of their fight seeing that the poor boy was in need now.
“Yes please thank you Yoongi!” The boy cheered.
The drive to his small apartment was uneventful. But Jimin felt the rappers stare on him the entire ride. He really shouldn’t have done that. Yoongi was probably disappointed out of his mind at him.
But it was spur of the moment. And the audience there did seem to enjoy it.
When they walked in it seemed like a decently sized apartment. A living room a kitchen and A bedroom. Jimin assumed he’d be sleeping on the couch. With a sigh he followed Yoongi into the kitchen. “Listen I’m really sorry i wasn’t thinkin- “ “shut up it's fine kid.” the elder interrupted rudely. Throwing open his fridge.
He seemed to be searching for something, that something was revealed when he backed up, Holding up two beers in his hand. “Want one?” He offered. Jimin thought of the consequences but shrugged his shoulders. “You know what why not?”
One Drink was followed by another and pretty soon the beer was completely emptied from the fridge. The two were beyond their usual selves. Laughing at each and everyone of their shitty jokes.
Until they caught eachothers eyes. The world seemed to slow down. Jimin leaned in closer.
They both smelt the alcohol on each others breath. But they were too drunk to care, Yoongi made the move first. smashing their lips together. It didn’t take long for it to get heated. Jimin slipping his tongue into the other's mouth.
Jimin slid down onto his knees, Grinning up at Yoongi as his hands worked on unbuttoning the man's jeans and sliding down both articles of clothing down to his ankles. His cock springing out. “You gonna suck me off or what..?” The older man laughed, Pushing his dick toward the Younger mans mouth.
“I’m going to be patient you grump..” Jimin giggled back, Before grabbing the member around his hand and leaving a teasing lick to his tip. Earning a low groan from the man. Liking the noise Jimin placed light kisses down the member. “Just get to it jesus christ.” The rapper commanded, Placing his hand roughly to the back of Jimin’s head. Running his fingers through his hair desperately
Jimin finally wrapped his mouth around his the cock, and it was one of the most beautiful scenes Yoongi had ever seen. Jimin bobbing his head up and down, taking his cock so good with those beautiful raw lips. Jimin forced himself to take as much as possible, Pushing the member to the back of his mouth and choking himself on it.
“Fu-fu-fuck Jimin babe keep going you take my cock so well.” Yoongi praised, Running his hands through the boys brunette locks. Jimin moaned in response, sending vibrations through Yoongi’s body. “Shit baby I’m close.” He warned, But Jimin continued. And with a loud groan he came.
Jimin stared up at the man, Tasting the juices that had come out. He leaned back and swallowed it all. His face scrunching up because of the disgusting taste. “How’d I do..?” he asked quietly. “God you did wonderfully.” Yoongi mumbled before grabbing Jimin’s hand. “Let's go to the bed.” Jimin only laughed in agreement.



Chapter 8
Chapter Notes
Please ignore how bad of a writer I am D:



"Yes fuck right there!" Jimin screamed out as yoongi thrusted into him from behind. He grabbed desperately at the sheets. Trying to grab onto anything. Yoongi had a deathly grip on his hips, fucking into him so perfectly. He was falling apart with each thrust. the elders name rolled out of his lips ceaselessly. "God you moaning my name is like heaven.." Yoongi praised and it made jimin's body shiver. "Fuck I'm gonna-" Jimin started, but the rest of his sentence was a spur of random words as he came.
Yoongi finished a few moments after him, finishing his thrusts as he spilled into the dancer. "God Jimin.." He grunted as he pulled out, collapsing onto the bed next to the younger. "Yoongi.." Jimin muttered softly, Turning over so he could throw an arm over the boys chest. Cuddling into his side.
Yoongi turned to lay on his side, slinging an arm over the boys body and pulling him closer. Jimin sure was great at cuddling. As he faded to sleep Yoongi felt a light kiss on his cheek.
---------
When Yoongi woke up he was unsure as to why he felt a warmth next to him. He glanced over to see Jimin. His new dancer beside him. Shirtless. They couldn't have? He frantically pushed the covers over, to reveal a nude Jimin.
The movement of the covers made the poor Jimin awake hazily. He blinked once. Twice. Slowly before looking at Yoongi confused. "Can't we sleep for a little longer..?" He mumbled, Grabbing for the elders hand to pull him back, missing the boys arms around him.
"Jimin wake up! We just slept together!" It took a few moments but it finally dawned on the dancer. He sat up, grabbing curtains to cover his chest. "We what!?" He gasped, Glaring at Yoongi who also was naked. There was no other logic explanation.
He bolted out of bed, Throwing on his clothes that were scattered over the floor. "God shit Im so sorry..." Jimin rambled, only stopping When Yoongi threw a shirt at him from the bed. "Kid its fine. We both got drunk and had some upbuilt frustration. Just forget about it" Yoongi stated bluntly. It didn't seem like he had a care in the world that they just had sex a few hours ago.
"So you're... " Jimin began, Slipping his shirt over his head. "I'm what?" Yoongi chided, tilting his head. "Um.. You know.. Men..?" The younger continued to ask awkwardly. "Both." The rapper responded. Gaining a understanding nod from Jimin. "I'm..uh.. Men.." He coughed, And Yoongi laughed. "You don't have to be so scared about telling me. I understand." He advised.
His heart was racing as he slipped on his boxers and led Jimin to the door. Ignoring his constant apologies. He felt like he was going to burst when Jimin walked out, but quickly turned and gave him a peck on the cheek.
His cheek burned as he walked back to his room.
Damn he was so fucked.



Chapter 9
Chapter Notes
Im such a bad writerrrrrr



(Im sorry im such a shitty writer aaaaa) 
The time it happened it was a week later.
Once again Yoongis rap flooded through his ears. He had learned that some people didn’t love him as ‘gloss new dancer’ but other times people loved him. He had never heard a crowd cheering that loud.
But if he were to be honest the heat of this stage was overly intense, mixed with the noise Jimin couldn't count the times he almost fainted. On his way off the stage he grabbed the rappers arm to support himself.
“You sure you can make the bus kid?” Yoongi asked as Jimin let go of his arm. Collapsing onto a chair. “I think so.. I just need to rest for a few minutes.” He muttered, eyes drooping. The elder glanced over to the clock, shaking his head. Jimin wouldn’t be better by the time he had to go to the bus.
“You can come to my apartment and sleep there if you want.” he offered and Jimin nodded hazily, standing up to follow him to the car. The drive was spent in a silent but comfortable presence. Jimin rested his head on his hand, turning the radio to a low volume as some poppy girl group song passed through the speakers.
The car parked to a stop and the rapper looked to the young dancer next to him. Shaking him lightly. “Hey we’re here.. Do you feel any better now that you rested?” he questioned softly. “I actually do yea.. “ Jimin replied.
The second time Jimin came over nothing happened. Yoongi didn’t offer alcohol after the last time. They just fell into a comfortable silence, sitting on the couch and watching some award show on the television.
He could feel Jimin’s stare on him the entire show though. Was he still feeling awkward about the one night stand? They seemed to be sitting closer than he originally remembered, thighs pressed together.
Out of the blue Jimin pushed himself up, Swinging a leg over to straddle the older man. He was now sitting on his lap, facing him. “Jimin what..” Yoongi began but was cut off by lips pressed to his. Was Jimin kissing him? Sober?
He didn’t kiss back, scared as to what was going on. After a few seconds the younger pulled away from the kiss, leaning back with a look of disappointment on his face. “So you didn’t want to kiss me. It just was the drinks.. I’m sorry i just liked how your lips felt..” But he didn’t get to finish his statement as Yoongi jumped for the chance, connecting their lips once again.
They both smiled into the kiss, Moving their lips in a rhythm. Jimin grabbed Yoongi’s hands, guiding them to his hips and not breaking the kiss once.
But of course their perfect moment had to be ruined by a loud knocking sounding through the apartment. “Min Yoongi! Its your father! I found you open up!” The man shouted from the other side of the door and Yoongi pushed Jimin off him. “Hide, My closet in the bedroom.”
Jimin scurried off, running as quietly as possible. Sneaking into the closet and closing the door behind him. He had left his phone on the table so he had no way to contact anyone. But Min Yoongi’s father..? What the hell was going on?



Chapter 10



(Little shoutout to 4____nobody____4 for supporting this story in the comments so much I love you, you little bean!) 
“You cunt, how did you find me? I don’t need you!” Yoongi shouted, Opening the door to face his father. The man only pushed his son aside, Stepping inside the apartment. “Well son you’ve been doing well for yourself. With that crap of a rapping job. “ The elder smirked, Plopping himself down on the couch.
“How the hell did you find out about that?” He snapped, Glaring daggers at the man who claimed his couch. “Son you think I just thought you ran away to become a pianist? I looked into it and found out you were huge underground.. Gloss. What a stupid name.” His father taunted with a hearty laugh.
“Dad- No you don’t even deserve that title.” Yoongi challenged. Cuasing his dad to stand up angrily. Marching over to his son.
Jimin heard the entire fight from his space in the closest. He had left his phone in the room so he couldn’t call Tae for help. He just sat there and listened, trying to be as quiet as he could. Who knows what would happen if the father had found him.
“What did you say you little shit!?” His dad stood up, Grabbing a bottle off the table. “Get over here so I can fucking hit you!” That was his breaking moment. He wasn’t going to stay in the closet while Yoongi was left alone to face his father's wrath.
He shoved open the closet door, Running out of the bedroom and jumping onto the fathers back. Tackling him down to the floor. “Who the fuck is this Yoongi? I thought you got over you’re pathetic gay fantasies!” The man shouted, Trying to get out of Jimins grasp. Luckily Jimin went to the gym a lot.
“Dad, I will not hesitate to let Jimin Punch the shit out of you if you don't leave now.” Yoongi barked, nodding to Jimin as he slowly led Yoongi’s father to the door. And slammed it behind him, locking it shut.
The rapper collapsed onto the couch, And Jimin bounced over to him, placing himself back onto his lap with a huge smile.
“Jimin it isnt safe for you to be around me.”   Yoongi muttered silently, Moving his hands onto the younger mans hips. "My father is gonna find you and eventually end you too. I want you to be safe please stay away from me." he begged, Lightly kissing the dancers temple. 
"Min Yoongi. I love sitting on your lap like this. And a simple parent is going to make me stop. Now kiss me some more." He hummed, placing his head onto the rappers shoulder. 
"Just be careful..Promise me."
"I promise."



Chapter 11
Chapter Notes
You can contact me on insta! @Weeb_Yoongi



He was dancing again. Not to anyone's surprise. But what people were surprised with was the fact Jimin was dancing solo again. Gloss had cancelled all of his scheduled performances for the rest of the week.
And out of all his fans only Jimin had known what happened to him. It was because of his father. Yoongi was living in fear that he would confront him at one of his performances. Jimin tried to convince it out of him but for the past few days all he got was the notification that his text messages were read.
Read after Read. He wasn't dumb. He knew when he was being ignored. He began his signature move, turning to the side and rolling his shoulders so the half of his sweatshirt fell off, revealing his bare skin of his shoulder.
He heard a woman from the crowd scream, making him smirk. After another exhausting dance he ran offstage, grabbed his coat and rushed out of the building. Luckily he got out before anyone could ask him about gloss.
Sadly he spoke too quickly. A light tap was placed on his shoulder and with a sigh he plastered on a fake smile and turned around. the dancer was met with someone of mysterious appearance. In a fully tailored suit, hair pushed back and definitely very professional looking.
"Are you park Jimin?" The suit man asked. Piercing a gaze cold as stone into the shorter. It reminded him of Yoongi but worse. "Yes. or no.. Depending on what you want from me." the shorter of the two replied coldly. "I work for Mr.Min and businesses.. I was requested to find a Park Jimin for relations to the inheritor Min Yoongi."
"I have no relation to him." Jimin denied, turning swiftly on his foot to the bus stop. The man grabbed his wrist forcefully, with a grip that would definitely hurt later. "I have video proof of you entering the heir's car. Now come with me."
He struggled to get out of the grip, his mostly uneventful life flashing before his eyes. This was it. He was going to get kidnapped.
He didn't know how lucky he was when a man came running up to them. Grabbing the kidnappers hand and forcing it off of Jimin. "Jimin, I'm Hoseok.. Yoongi sent me. No time to talk. Go to a friends place not your own." He shouted before kicking the kidnapper in the back. Jimin nodded and ran off. Texting Taehyung that he was coming over.
Out of breath and panting he pounded on Taehyung's door. Who seemed to take forever to open it. When his friend exited he was only in boxers and a loose overshirt. "Hey Jimin sorry I have someone over and um you came unexpectedly.. Come in!" He invited with a laugh.
Upon entrance he noticed someone younger laying on Taehyung's couch, with only a sweatshirt too big for him on. "Hello." The boy greeted, but quickly turned back to eating the food he had on the coffee table.
"Jimin this is Jungkookie! Jungkookie this is my best friend Jimin!" He introduced and they just briskly nodded at each other. "So what's your problem that you needed to come here so badly?" 
"Tae I know you're not gonna believe me.. But i was just almost kidnapped and someone named Hoseok sent by Yoongi.. I mean gloss saved me." He ranted, and Taehyungs mouth dropped open. "Hoseok?! Does he look like a horse!?" He shouted. Jimin glanced over to Jungkook who didn't seem fazed by all the yelling. Maybe he got used to it.
"Um I guess so..?" Jimin answered confused. "I'm like best friends with that guy! And he's known Gloss for all this time? Are you shitting me?!"
As his friend continued to yell Jimins phone buzzed, he glanced at it to check the notification.
{gloss :-)}: It's not safe.
{gloss :-)}: Stay away from me.



Chapter 12
Chapter Notes
Next chapter is the last guys! D:



Jimin stood, Taehyung's babbling drowning out in his ears. He read the text over and over. Yoongi was asking him to stay away? Ignoring his friend he moved over to the couch, collapsing next to Jungkook.
Taehyung stopped his ramblings the moment he noticed Jimin's attitude drop. His smile turning quickly to a frown. "What's wrong jiminieee...?" He asked, Plopping himself in between Jungkook and his friend.
"I might've had sex with him. " he confessed. At this point Jungkook stood up with his cheeks blushing and made his way out of the room. "Sex with..oh." Taehyung realized mid sentence, His mouth slowly hanging open. "Fill me in. I have time." He commanded.
"What about your friend jungkook?" Jimin responded, Reminded of the boy who exited the room not so long ago. "He's my boyfriend he comes over all the time it's fine." Taehyung assured. "Kim Taehyung Since when did you have a boyfriend!? And you never told me?!" He yelled.
"No.. It's only been like for a week.. And Jungkookie is shy." The younger boy replied quietly. "But tell me what the hell has been happening with you and gloss!" He begged.
With a sigh Jimin began explaining the whole thing.
"You should go to him." He said after the long explanation. "I knew he said to stay away but its life. You shouldn't listen to what some underground rapper tells you!" He cheered, Throwing his arms up. "Let me tell you a secret! Jungkook told me to leave him alone but I didn't and i marched all the way to his apartment.. And we might've fought.. But now he's my boyfriend!" He yelled.
"Tae!" An annoyed Jungkook called from the other room. "Now go!" Taehyung yelled to Jimin, who nodded and made his way out of the apartment. Determination flooding through his viens. He was going to settle this with Yoongi.
Sitting on the bus he glanced out the window, fingers impatiently tapping on the armrest. This could either go good or horribly. He just had to find out. Arriving in front of the man's door was nerve racking. He raised his hand, taking a deep breath and knocked.
When Yoongi opened the door he didn't think it'd be Jimin. But when his eyes landed on the boy he immediately began closing his door without a word. But before he could close it completely Jimin shoved his hand in front of it. "Min Yoongi. Listen to me please!" He begged, Forcing the door open and making his way into the flat.
"It's not safe for you to be around me Jimin." Yoongi warned, Grabbing the younger's wrist before he could move any farther. "Well I don't care if its not safe i'm staying around you!" Jimin demanded, Trying to remove his arm from the grip.
"Park Jimin! Why won't you listen? I'm doing this because i love you!" He yelled, and time seemed to freeze. "I shit Fuck... I didn't mean that. No I did but fuck!" He cursed, Letting go of the younger's hand and backing up.
"You bastard.." Jimin cried, Grabbing Yoongi's hand and forcing him closer. "I love you too you cunt." he whispered, before leaning up to kiss him.



Chapter 13
Chapter Notes
Another fanfiction completed! This is my second ever and im so proud of all the feedback its received. Thank you for reading i really love you all! 
-Began= February 12th 2017.
-finished= March 2nd 2017.



Jimin walked through his apartment door, a giant smile grazing onto his face as he saw his boyfriend of a year. Min Yoongi. Sitting at the desk, hand holding up his head as he scratched down lyrics.
Ever since they moved in together they both agreed to quit the underground scene. Seeing the dangers of it. So Jimin decided to pursue his college degree, and it took Yoongi a couple months to find a job but he finally scored one as a lyric writer for bighit entertainment, Under the name Suga.
The younger bounced over to his lover, Leaning down to place a quick peck on his cheek. “Ahh.. Jimin I didn’t hear you come in..” Yoongi grumbled, Grabbing the paper off his desk and quickly crumbling it up. Before he had the chance to chuck it into the garbage Jimin grabbed it out of his hands. Pulling out his boyfriends chair so he could sit on his lap, facing him.
“You can probably use some of these lyrics.. You need to stop throwing everything out..” He clicked his tongue and opened up the paper. The first word he saw written at the top was his own name. Park Jimin. A smile floated onto his lips, along with a blush dusting his face. “Jimin you don't need to read that!” He shouted, Grabbing the paper and shoving it into his notebook.
“Yoongi.. What have you been writing?!?” He teased, Punching the older playfully in the shoulder. “Does it really matter..?” He mused, And before the two knew it they were leaning in for a short kiss. Lips meant lips and they both smiled into the kiss. Once it was broken they sat there, Yoongi’s hands on Jimins thighs and a content look on both of their faces.
This is what love was. Seeing Jimin’s face red, falling into small giggles after they kissed made him realize how much he meant to him. Seeing those beautiful eyes staring at him, a hand caressing his cheek was the thing he loved to wake up to every morning.
This was the night he was going to propose to Jimin. “I got reservations for a nice restaurant Jimin.. You deserve it.” He murmured, Pressing a quick kiss to his boyfriends temple. “You just want sex don't you?” Jimin mused with a smirk. “Can’t i just enjoy a nice dinner with my boyfriend..?” The elder grumbled in response.
Jimin shook his head, Climbing off his boyfriend's lap. “Are you gonna get dressed up? It's a fancy place right..?” he teased before making his way over to the bedroom. Yoongi was so in love.
-----------
He stared at the boy across from him. Jimin was looking through the menu with a look of concentration. And it was adorable. “So what are you getting?” Jimin interrupted him. But he hadn’t been looking at the menu at all. “Oh.. I didn’t look..” He mumbled, The ring box burning in his pocket.
“Yoons.. You seem off is something alright? Are you sick? We don’t have to do this date..” jimin asked concernedly. The waiter collected their menu’s after placing in their order. The table was empty. It was now or never. With a deep breath he stood up, walking over to Jimins chair and held out his hand toward him.
He stood up the younger man, Before he gulped. He began to bend one knee and reach for the box in his pocket. Jimins hand flew to cover his mouth as the realization dawned on him. Tears pricking at the corner of his eyes. “Park Jimin..” He began, and the other customers became quiet, eyes all drawn to the proposal. “The first day you woke up next to me I knew what love was. And i want you to wake up next to me everyday.. For the rest of our lives..” He continued.
Jimin looked around, Unable to hold a few tears from slipping out. His eyes traced back to Yoongi as he opened the box. Revealing a ring that must have cost his entire salary. “Marry me..?” The younger couldn't speak. His emotions were everywhere. But he gathered everything up and mustered out a quiet. “God, Yes.”
Yoongi smiled at him, Sliding the ring onto his finger as the restaurant cheered around them. “I love you..” Jimin mumbled as Yoongi leant in for a kiss. “I love you too.. Im so happy I made you my dancer back then…”
-end-




Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



