



My Lungs Produce Puddles - anxthcma - The Avengers Marvel -
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

My Lungs Produce Puddles of Unrequited Petals
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/15080834.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
The Avengers (Marvel) - All Media Types, Marvel, Deadpool - All Media Types
Relationship:
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson, Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Character:
Peter Parker, Wade Wilson, Tony Stark, Steve Rogers, Bruce Banner, Natasha Romanov (Marvel)
Additional Tags:
Angst, Heavy Angst, Angst with a Happy Ending, Fluff and Angst, Hanahaki Disease, hanahaki, hanahaki trope, Spideypool - Freeform, Stony - Freeform, SteveTony, Fluff, Unrequited Love, Not Actually Unrequited Love, Superfamily
Stats:

        Published: 2018-06-28
        Words: 5013
      

My Lungs Produce Puddles of Unrequited Petals
by anxthcma
Summary
Peter Parker knew he liked Wade Wilson. They’ve known each other for three years since Peter was seventeen and they’ve been friends ever since. He knew he enjoyed being around Wade and that he made him laugh and...he just knew he liked Wade Wilson. He never thought he’d cough up flowers for Wade Wilson.
Notes
alright guys here it is!!!! so sorry for the wait and all i’ve been working on this for so longcouple things:peter is 20, wade is 24you can imagine any of the three spidermen but i imagined tom hollandhmmm that’s all...enjoy!!!!!

          See the end of the work for more notes




My Lungs Produce Puddles of Unrequited Petals

The first time it happened they were sitting on the edge of a building. They just caught two robbers trying to rob a local bank and they put up a little bit of a fight so Peter had swung them to the tallest building around and they just sat there, healing and talking. Peter didn’t even know what time it was, he was so caught up in the conversation, but he remembered Tony telling him to get home before 1 am. Oops.“What would you be?” Peter asked Wade, so soft he’s not even sure he could hear him. He was staring at the New York skyline from the top of some random apartment in the middle of Brooklyn. He was feeling a little...off, but not in a bad way? In a way that would seem like it would set off his spider senses but it doesn’t and maybe that’s even more unsettling.“Hm?” Wade doesn’t look in his direction, he just keeps staring up to the sky from his position with his back on the floor and his legs dangling off the side of the building. He looks so different than usual like this. His body is relaxed and he just is...calm. That didn’t happen with Wade a lot, he’s usually always tense but he’s said that being around Peter makes some of it go away. He doesn’t know why.“If you weren’t a mercenary. What would you be?” Peter clarifies his question, leaning backwards so he’s in the same position as Wade.“Kid, I was a merc long before this shit show happened.” Deadpool answers motioning towards his face, which is still masked. He’d never let Peter see him without his mask because “I wouldn’t want that pretty ass doubled over and vomiting, would I?” And no matter how many times he’s told Wade that he won’t care what he looks like, he never gave in. In return Peter had never shown his face either. He hadn’t even given him his name which was slightly unfair since he knew Wade’s but then again everyone knew Wade’s name.“I mean, if you never became a mercenary, what would you have became.” Peter pushes the question, obviously aware of how Wade was reluctant to answer, though he didn’t know why.“I dunno, I guess I would have just stayed in the military until I got kicked out because the cancer was slowly eating me alive.” He replied finally, nonchalantly. It was hard to think of life the way Wade went through it, even though he knew Wade definitely didn’t tell him everything. “What about you, Spidey? What would you be doing if you weren’t fitting that delicious ass into red spandex?”“I wanted to be a scientist, I still do. I like to pretend that I am, anyway. You know, with web fluid and all that.” Peter replies with a shrug of his shoulders, purposely ignoring Wade’s crude comments.“Of course you’d want to be a scientist you nerd.” Wade chuckles, low and heavy in his chest and it echoes in the air surrounding Peter and in the next second he finds himself smiling with him. “You’re a genius so it fits, anyway.” “I’m not a genius.” Peter corrects, a hint of a smile still lingering on his face.“Oh no, you definitely are. You’re always talking science and physics and strategies and sometimes I wish I was like that. You know, more brains than brawn, but that life was never meant for me. I was never really brought up to be smart, you know, circumstances and such but you, you’re smart. You’re meant for a lot more than hero-ing around in New York.”Peter hadn’t noticed himself turn to face Wade, watching the way his jaw moved through his masks and his shallow breaths causing his chest to rise and fall and how his mask stretches on each side whenever he smiles and suddenly he felt like he forgot how to breathe, like it came second to watching Wade just…speak. His chest got heavy but he ignored the ringing in his head and pushed away to a different corner of his mind. He just needed air.“Holy shit, baby boy.” He hears Wade mutter through shallow breaths. He turns his head towards him, confused, when his hair falls in his face, obstructing his view. Shit, I didn’t. Did I?Peter felt his face with his gloved hands and surely enough he’d taken his mask off without realizing what he had done. He stares back at Wade with wide eyes as he moves his hair off of his face, letting it be blown back by the wind.“Holy shit.” Wade repeats when Peter’s face is completely in view. Peter feels a slight blush start to creep up his neck towards his cheeks and he’s suddenly really thankful there weren’t that many lights on this building.“Uh...hi?” Peter offers and Wade starts to sit up, not taking his eyes off Peter for a second. The ringing in Peter’s head starts to get louder and louder and he knew it wasn’t because of Wade so he kept forcing it into darker corners of his mind.“What’s your name?” Wade asks with the same breathless tone as minutes ago when he saw Peter’s voice. The initial shock of what the merc had asked him subsided in a couple minutes after he couldn’t really think of a reason why he couldn’t trust Wade.“I’m Peter, Peter Parker.” He says finally with a hand stretched towards Wade. Instead of shaking his hand he’s suddenly being squished between Wade’s arms when the merc leans over to hug him. Wade leans back a little so he can get a better look at Peter before standing up, leaving Peter sitting on the edge.“I hate to cut this short, gorgeous, I really, really do, but I have places to be. Bye Peter.” And with that Wade falls backwards off of the building causing Peter’s spider senses to go haywire and for the first time it wasn’t for him. But knowing Deadpool, he’ll be fine.He stays on the building for a little while after Wade had made his dramatic exit with a little bit of a blush still painting his cheeks. Aside from the slight flutter he feels in his heart his chest still feels heavy and getting heavier with every breath he takes.Suddenly his spider senses are going crazy and are louder than they’ve ever been and he doesn’t even know why. There’s no one around, he knows that and the only thing that makes sense is his chest.His throat starts closing and he’s on his knees, coughing up blood onto the floor before it stops with one final cough.When Peter opens his eyes there’s a single red petal lying in a small puddle of Peter’s blood.Rose: Love, Passion.______________________________________Peter tried to ignore it for days, it hadn’t really worked, but he did try. But everytime he felt his chest tightening his blood turned to ice and he braced himself for another coughing fit, but they never came. There hadn’t been any since the first one three days ago and he’d locked himself in his room in the tower with his dads constantly coming up to check on, wondering why he wasn’t out fighting crime or something.Peter had been to scared to look up why the fuck he had coughed up a freaking rose petal, but he thought there was no need to worry himself since they don’t seem to be coming back.Wade comes around to visit him in the tower one day, and Peter’s still confused as to how he was let in with his dads home, but he didn’t ask. He heard a soft knock on his door expecting it to be Tony or Steve or anyone but Wade. He wasn’t mad, he was actually really happy about.Of course when Peter opened the door, Wade was masked and in his suit, which seemed to be less intact than the last time he saw him. Probably from crime fighting alone for the past week. He gave him a soft smile and opened the door wider, inviting him into his room. Wade instantly flopped onto his bed with a loud groan of appreciated.“Spidey! Where have you been.” Wade drawled, lying back on Peter’s bed. “Oh wait, I know your name now...Can I call you Petey? I’m calling you Petey now.”Peter laughs at how Wade rambles and finds himself flopping down on the bed next to him.“I’ve been, uh, sick recently. Yeah, I got a really nasty cold.” Peter makes up an excuse and laughs it off hoping he sounded more convincing to Wade than he did to himself.“Hmm, okay, Petey-pie, stay hydrated, eat a lot, and move around, sweating it out helps a lot. I would hate to have to go another week without seeing that gorgeous body stuffed in red spandex.” Wade gets up from the causing the bed to abruptly get taller.“Wow, Wade I didn’t take you for the motherly type.” Peter joked throwing a pillow in his direction. Even with his super strength, Wade caught it with ease and immediately threw it back where Peter barely managed to dodge it.“Nah, I’m not any good at that stuff, you got the Iron Princess for that.” He laughs off Peter’s gratitude and heads towards the doorway. The lazy smile resting on Peter’s face doesn’t go anywhere as he watches Wade’s figure move to the door, a laugh escaping his lips. Peter feels at peace in that moment. Like this is where he was meant to be, not in this room but...with Wade.The thought scares him a lot more than he thought it would, so he tries not thinking about waking up in Wade’s arms and watching him cook and laugh and sing his stupid Celine Dion songs off-key and make jokes about Peter’s ass and all of a sudden Peter can’t breathe again.It starts as soon as Wade closed the door and left. The tightness in his chest spread like a fire from his heart to his lungs and straight to his throat and suddenly everything feels like it’s burning but it’s so cold. The coughing scratches at the back of his throat and every deep breath he takes is in attempt to push back the inevitable.The blood starts dripping from out of his mouth and sputters onto the floor with every cough and he can feel it inching its way up into his mouth. He knows fighting it is useless so he falls to the ground, head facing down and just praying for it to stop because he can’t breathe and he doesn’t know why.Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, Peter regained his breath while he watched five white flower petals fall into a pool of blood on the ground.Freesia: Passion, Joy._________________________________After the second occurance, Peter knew it wasn’t going to stop. It’s been an entire week since and he hadn’t left the tower because he knew it was going to happen again. He couldn’t go out patrolling because if it was to happen while he was wearing his mask he’d choke and die.Or Wade would find him.He’d rather choke.He knew he should look it up because it had to be some sort of condition...that or he’d swallowed a flower and he’s about 90.3% sure he hadn’t. He didn’t want to worry Tony and Steve so he went to the one other person he could trust when it came to medicine.Bruce.He stood in front of the lab for about half an hour just to make sure Tony was in there and finally walked in.“Hey Bruce.” He said as he walked up to the man. Bruce turned around, startled from Peter’s arrival and his face immediately lit up into a smile.“Hey Pete, what can I do for you?” Peter’s leg starts to twitch and he sits in the lab chair next to Bruce to try and calm down.“Um, uh...shit.” How is he gonna tell him? Oh yeah I’ve been coughing up fucking flowers and bleeding out of my fucking lungs what does that mean? Shit.“I’ll tell you but you can’t tell dad. Or pops. Or anyone.” Bruce eyes Peter with a confused look before agreeing to his terms, though reluctantly.“Something weird has been happening to me…” He begins. “Well, it’s only happened twice but it’s weird and it started around two weeks ago and I don’t know what to do about it or what causes it or what it even is.”“Peter, what happened?” Bruce asks, sensing something very wrong with Peter as he talks.“I, shit, I’ve been...I’ve been coughing up flower petals.” Peter waits for Bruce’s reaction which only results in Bruce’s face paling. “My chest tightens and my throat itches and I just start coughing up blood. And it lasts so long and hurts so much but by the end these...flower petals just fall out of my mouth and it’s over. Just like that.”Peter looks up at Bruce, whose face has gone paler than a ghost, and waits for a response that he doesn’t get.“Bruce? Do you know what it is?” Peter snaps in Bruce’s face in attempt to grab his attention.“No...Peter, no. No, it can’t be, no.” Bruce whispers ever so lightly under his breath, Peter could barely hear it and he looks...scared? Sad?“Bruce...what is it?” Peter’s heart rate begins to pick up.“You...you have...Peter you have Hanahaki...but you can’t...you can’t, no.” Bruce violently starts shaking his head in disbelief over the discovery, leaving Peter even more scared and confused than before.“Bruce what does that mean?” He presses but Bruce doesn’t look like he’s going to be answering anytime soon while he tries to collect his thoughts. Peter goes to option 2. “Jarvis?”Even Jarvis takes a second to answer but eventually, “Hanahaki Disease is a disease that causes the victim to cough up flower petals due to the newborn growth of flowers in their lungs.”“Okay, but why does it happen?” He doesn’t seem to believe that’s all that Jarvis knows.“The diagnoses is usually due to an unrequited love or one-sided love.” Peter’s heart disintegrates in his chest. He’s suddenly hyper aware of the constant ache in his lungs and his vision starts to blur. “The only solution would be to surgically remove the vines and flowers growing in your chest, in return killing any feelings you had towards your unrequited love.”As if the pain in Peter’s chest couldn’t get any worse the thought of not loving Wade isn’t an option he’s letting himself have. It was in that moment where Peter realized he loved Wade. He was in love with him. He has been for a while but he never let the thought cross his mind and as soon as he opened his heart to it…“What happens if I don’t remove it?” He asks the AI through broken sobs. Bruce beside him snaps his head towards him, tears threatening his eyes. Peter makes sure not to look at him to avoid the disappointed look because who could be worth it?“You have six months, sir.” Peter knew it was coming, he knew what Jarvis would say, he knew that there was no part of this where he ended up okay. Apparently not even alive, but he had no other option because giving up his love would feel like a part of him is dying, and what’s the point of living when you’re only have complete.“Who is it?” Bruce breaks the silence a minute later.“You’ll laugh.” Peter says with a smirk. He’s going to die over Wade Wilson, the most hated man in Avengers Tower.“Peter, who is she?”“It’s Wade.” Peter turns away from Bruce and walks towards the door. “I’m in love with Wade Wilson. I’m dying over Wade Wilson.”___________________________________________Peter really is the most unlucky person in the world. He was just trying to finish up some test runs for new fluid options for his webs when the lab door slid open.“I’m a little busy right now so if you could-”“Baby boy!” Peter’s hand stops mid-sling and his eyes widen. He keeps his back facing the door, he doesn’t even think he could move if he wanted to. “Where have you been? It’s been, like, three weeks since I came to visit you and you’re obviously not sick anymore so what gives, Petey?”Just breathe, Peter.“How do you keep getting in here? Everyone hates you it’s not like you can just stride in.” He ends up asking him something he’s been wondering since he last came over.Wade jumps on top of the lab table, dropping a vial of web fluid with him. “Shit, sorry Spidey. But to answer your question, I actually do just stride in. Stark’s AI didn’t even try to stop me this time it was weird, it even told me where you were.”“Hm...so what’re you here for?” He needs to fucking leave because the fluttering in Peter’s stomach isn’t a good contrast to the aching in his chest.“I missed you, Webs! We haven’t patrolled together in forever, I got sad. It just seems like you’re trying to avoid me at this point.” Even though he can’t see Wade’s actual face he can tell he’s pouting at him right now just by his voice. Peter stop.“Yeah well I’ve been busy making some new advancements to my suit and webs but I’ll be out there in no time, trust.” The lie falls so naturally from his lips that for a second even he believed it. “I’m a little busy right now so if you don’t mind.”“Of course, baby. I better see that delicious ass in red and blue spandex next week or I’m killing the next criminal we catch.” And with that he leaves, leaving Peter in a laughing fit almost making him forget the pure pain making its way through his chest again. It was such a peaceful moment in time but of course,Back to your regularly scheduled program.Blood flies out of his mouth and he doubles over in pain, taking shallow breaths through his nose. He falls onto his hands and knees and tries to hurry the process along but the blood keeps spilling out and the petals don’t fall together.One petal.Three petals.Eight petals.Twelve.Sixteen.Twenty.Twenty petals had come out of his mouth when he hears the doors slide open and the rush of footsteps coming towards.The blood and petals had stopped falling by the time the footsteps reached him but the tears and pain persisted.He looked up painfully to find Tony, Steve and Bruce staring down at him in pure fear and confusion.“Peter…” Tony’s breathless, aching voice reaches him. How did they know?“I’m sorry Mr. Parker,” A robotic voice cuts through the silence. “But you never made me promise.”Lilac: Tranquility, Passion ________________________________________Bruce got his dads all caught up while Peter hid in the corner of the lab, washing the blood of his mouth and washing the taste from his mouth. When he comes back to his dads they’re both crying, which doesn’t really ever happen but then again they just learned that their son is going to die in about five months. He finds that Bruce hadn’t told them who it is and neither has Jarvis which causes Tony to curse at them both really loudly and Steve kicking parts around the lab.“Peter, who is it? Who is it!” Tony storms towards Peter as soon as he approaches them, grabbing his shoulders so tight that his knuckles turn white.“Tony, let him go, you’re hurting him.” Steve shoves Tony off of Peter and they back away a couple steps to give Peter some space. “Peter who is she, who’s worth dying for.”Suddenly Peter can’t find the words in his brain and his throat runs dry, which is surprisingly a nicer alternative to what had been happening to him recently.“Dad, I’m sorry.” He breaks down and finds himself engulfed in his parents warm arms, his tears wetting their shirts and their sobs echoing throughout the lab. Bruce had left them alone in the lab when Tony started yelling.“Peter, is she worth dying for.” Tony presses again. Steve doesn’t do anything to stop him this time. Peter’s sobs become more frantic with the realization that he can’t hide this forever. Forever being five months.“Yeah, dad, he is.” Tony’s hold on him wavers for a second before his eyes harden and his nose flares, Steve just as mad right next to him.“Peter who is it!” Steve shouts at him, his arms crossed against his chest. What hits Peter harder than the question itself is that Steve has never raised his voice at Peter in his entire life as his son. And now Peter can’t find a reason to lie to them.“It’s Wade, dad.” Peter chokes on his tears, making his words almost inaudible. “I’m in love with Wade.”The silence that settles around them stings Peter and the only noise is Peter’s gasps of distress as he tries to regain his composure. It’s not working.“Peter you can’t, you-you’re too young, you’re only twenty, you’re too young to die.” Steve is the first to break the silence. His eyes are red and blown, his chest is rising and falling wildly in disbelief at the fact that his son is going to die for a mercenary. “You have to get it out Peter you-”“What if it was you?” Peter retaliates immediately. The shock in his parent’s eyes are obvious as they were surprised by his sudden outburst. “What if you were in love with Tony and he didn’t love you back? And you only had five more months to live unless you got all your love taken out of you. Would you do it?”Steve stares at him in silence, mouth agape.“Would you?” He presses again, louder, more exasperated.“No.” His dad croaks. “I wouldn’t.”“I know. So you have no right to tell me to take it out because I’m not going to live a full life to half its potential. I’m in love with him, I don’t know why, but I am. Actually, I do know why. He makes me feel like no one ever has before. He makes me so happy and just being around him makes my heart flutter and all I want to do is be around him all the time because it feels like home. Not home like with you guys, but home as in a place where I’m meant to be. Or at least a place I wish I was meant to be in. But he doesn’t love me back, I mean how could he. I’m not surprised, look at me. The first time he saw me he took off running so I guess I’m just destined to die because I can’t live a life no being in love with Wade Wilson and I’m sorry for it.”Tony and Steve stay silent as Peter rambles about why Wade is worth dying for. Steve is the first to approach Peter by engulfing him in a hug where Tony follows. And they just sit like that for a while, tears dry, and the realization that Peter won’t be around in five months not yet sinking in.________________________________It’s been four months and three weeks since Peter told his parents about what happened. His condition has only gotten worse and he spends every waking moment with his parents since he will soon meet his demise. Wade had been denied entry to the tower completely in attempts to avoid and slow down Peter’s decay. It didn’t work. Peter chokes on petals twelve times since then without Wade ever having to be around. His parents help him through it and whenever they can’t, Bruce and Natasha come instead. Natasha figured it out on her own and forced Peter to tell her the full story.One day, Peter, Tony and Steve were all in the workshop working on new suit prototypes for everyone and Tony insisted on making one for Peter even though he won’t ever have to use it unless there’s an attack in the next week or so that requires his help. He entertains Tony’s thought anyway.They sit like that for a while, with a heavy weight in the air, getting heavier every time Peter lets out a small cough. They kept him busy by talking until they were rudely interrupted by the sudden burst of the workshop door. Tony and Steve immediately assume fighting position with Tony’s suit arm flying past him, connecting with Tony’s arm. He expects a threat but when Peter turns around his eyes meet with something much worse.His eyes lock on Wade’s white ones and his chest immediately squeezes and his throat begins to itch wildly. He grasps onto the counter to attempt keeping himself upright.“Who let you in here!” Tony yells at Wade and advances towards him with murderous intention. Peter begins coughing up blood behind them, going unnoticed to everyone but Steve and he runs to comfort Peter through it while Tony and Wade argue.“Get out!” Tony threatens and swings at Wade.“I’ve been locked out for four fucking months! Your stupid AI wouldn’t even let me near the place!” Wade dodges all of Tony’s attacks. Peter sees the blood drip and petals rapidly fall under him as he tries to scream for Tony to stop.“Steve, I-I think this is it.” He manages to say to Steve whose tears are now falling at the same speed as the petals.“Peter, hey, Peter, please hold on, please, I can’t lose you. Peter?” His breaths are being cut short by incessant amounts of blood and flowers and he can hear the screams in front of him.“Tony he’s fucking dying!” All of a sudden all the noise in the room becomes white and he sees Tony and Wade run towards him.“Peter, no please, hold one, please, for me.” He hears Tony begs as he falls to his knees next to the pool of blood and petals.“I’m sorry.” He cries.“No, no, no. What the fuck is happening, Stark! What’s happening!” Wade’s voice this time. He sounds like he’s crying.“It’s your fault you stupid piece of shit! He’s dying because of you!” Tony screams back at Wade with his tears streaming down his face as he crumples to the ground next to Peter. “He has Hanahaki, because of you.”The petals keep coming but the blood had stopped and his hacking is persistent. The tears falling from his eyes are because he wished Wade would have never known so he wouldn’t have to live with the guilt.“Peter?” He feels a pair of gloved hands cup his face with a tender touch. The pain just gets worse. “You’re in love with me?”“Y-yes, but you don’t, and it’s okay, I don’t blame you, but I do love you.” Peter manages to say between coughs and tears. “You are worth dying for, it’s not your fault that you don’t love me.”Tony and Steve watch the scene from Peter’s side as they grasp his hands in theirs.“But,” Peter looks up, if only to see Wade one last time before he goes, only to meet Wade’s eyes. Wade’s real eyes, his perfect brown eyes. Wade had unmasked himself for Peter for the first time with shy eyes, making Peter why he had ever masked himself in the first place. He was perfect, scars and all. “But, I do love you.”Peter didn’t perceive Wade’s words at first but it didn’t matter because his heart did and his chest suddenly feels empty and the itch in his throat disappears and he can breathe and the flowers aren’t falling everywhere and Wade is in front of him, unmasked with tears in his eyes.“Peter?”“You love me.” Peter sighs in relief, a smile playing on his lips. “You actually love me.”Wade’s lips are on Peter’s before Peter could even realize it. Their mouths move together in sync as Wade’s surprisingly soft lips make their way around Peter’s mouth. Instead of vines and thorns, his chest is filled with bliss and pure love. He feels like fireworks are exploding with every move of his mouth against Wade’s and as soon as Wade pulls of he feels like he can finally, really breathe.“Peter, you’re okay?” His parents rush towards him, throwing themselves on him almost suffocating him all over again.“Yeah, I think I’m gonna be okay.” He says smiling up at Wade.His parents finally leave him and Wade alone to go tell the others that he’s going to live and he’s left with Wade.“You’re beautiful, by the way.” He tells Wade as soon as he gets the chance.“Oh that’s a good one, Webs. Do near death experiences usually make you that hysterical.” Wade retorts with a laugh.“I’m serious Wade, look at you. You’re perfect.” He says and leans over to kiss him again.“Why’d you never tell me, baby boy.” He asks softly, holding Peter’s waist, keeping him close. “I’ve been pining after you for years.”“I never let myself entertain the idea that I was in love with you, and when I realized it, I tried to prevent myself from seeing you to try and give myself more time, I couldn’t make you watch me die. I didn’t think you could ever love me.”“How could I not love you, Peter. You’re perfect.”Wade kisses him again and this was the moment where Peter knew he would be okay, really okay.



Afterword


End Notes
OOF YALL HERE IT ISthis took way longer than it should have but here it is finally wowcomments and kudos mean so so so much y’all i swear they are very appreciatedfollow my tumblr: deathstark and my instagram: vcndxtta for updates on my fics and message me if you want to i love talking to y’all!!thanks so much for reading guys!!!


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



