



Nude Lips - HobiIsTheSunFiteMe-Malec - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Nude Lips
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/13692315.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Kim Taehyung | V, Min Yoongi | Suga/Park Jimin, Kim Namjoon | RM/Kim Seokjin | Jin, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope/Kim Namjoon | RM, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope/Kim Seokjin | Jin, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope/Kim Namjoon | RM/Kim Seokjin | Jin
Character:
Kim Taehyung | V, Jeon Jungkook, Min Yoongi | Suga, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Namjoon | RM, Kim Seokjin | Jin, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope
Additional Tags:
Social Media, Model Jeon Jungkook, Makeup Artist Taehyung, Cosplayer Jimin, Photographer Min Yoongi | Suga, Gamer Hoseok, Gamer Namjoon, Chef Kim Seokjin | Jin, youtuber seokjin, Awkward Jeon Jungkook, Awkward Kim Taehyung | V, Mutual Pining, Slow Burn, Clumsy Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Kim Seokjin | Jin Being a Mom, Kim Seokjin | Jin is a Good Hyung, this is what happens when you watch too many lip art compilations, jungkook has breakdowns at like 1:37am, Other Additional Tags to Be Added, Angst, Min Yoongi | Suga Is a Sweetheart, Implied Sexual Content, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope is Bad at Feelings, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope is a Little Shit, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster Is Bad at Feelings, Kim Seokjin | Jin is Bad at Feelings, everyone is bad at feelings, Kim Taehyung | V Needs a Hug, Hoseok ships namjin so much, Past Abuse, we hate jungkooks parents, they so mean, Abuse, Stargazing, Beaches, its soft hour
Series:
Part 1 of
Lipsticks, Video Games and Filters
Stats:

        Published: 2018-02-16
          Completed: 2018-12-25
          Chapters: 20/20
        Words: 42161
      

Nude Lips
by HobiIsTheSunFiteMe, Malec18
Summary
Jungkook, looking fine AF! ♥♥♥He refreshed his feed only to discover that for the first time ever, he was actually successful in being the first commenter. By now, all fans of the handsome model were aware that Jungkook made it a point to respond to the first comment, no matter what it said. He reloaded the instagram feed a few more times, but when there was no notification of a response, he exited the app and turned off the screen. He turned to see Jimin still staring at him with a face clearly asking for an explanation, to which he just gave a half-smile and a small shrug before reaching to set his phone back on the table. However, he stopped when the screen lit up and the phone beeped with a notification again. Taehyung was quick to unlock it and open Instagram upon seeing the the app’s icon on the alert.“Why thank you, @LusciousLips95 ;B” stared back at him from the screen. Tae brought his free hand up to his mouth to muffle the happy, choked sob that almost escaped. Jimin looked worried for his friend now.((Taehyung is a YouTuber who does makeup tutorials, Jungkook is an instagram model and they may have fallen for each other despite having never met))




Instagram Bios
Chapter Summary
((A quick update with the Insta Bios we made ^^))
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






Kim Taehyung
Instagram: LuciousLips95
Youtube: LipTaetorialsA makeup artist that started with lip art videos before moving into doing SFX makeup. Does collabs with Jimin on cosplays often and occasionally appears on Jin’s cooking channel as well as Namjoon and Hoseok’s gaming channel. Has a huge thing for the Instagram model JJK97.Calls his followers/subscribers BABs (BadAss Bitches) 
 

Jeon Jungkook
Instagram: JJK97An Instagram model who will post pictures taken by his photographer/roommate, Min Yoongi, as well as post workout selfies. He is a college student who does modelling as an extra-curricular activity, encouraged to do it by Yoongi. Found Taehyung’s account on Instagram and may or may not find him pretty.He has personal accounts on both Instagram and Youtube that he uses for following his favourite accounts. the username on both is BunBoy0901. 
  

Min Yoongi
Instagram: MinYoongiYoongi is a photography major that loves to share his photos on Instagram. He is Jungkook’s photographer and met him when Jungkook first moved to Seoul and they both needed a roommate. After Yoongi and Jimin started dating, he became friends with Jin, who will often drop by to give Yoongi and Jungkook proper meals so they don’t live off of instant ramen. Yoongi adopted the calico cat that lead Jimin to him. He named it Mochi and keeps it in the apartment despite the pet ban in the apartment building.  
  

Park Jimin
Instagram: BabyChimmy95
YouTube:  BabyChimmy95A YouTuber who loves fashion, having tutorials on making and altering your own clothes as well as making costumes. His Instagram will have photos of his Cosplays as well as pictures of him with Yoongi, his boyfriend of almost three months. He is roommates with Jin and both of them have been trying to get Tae to move in with them for a while.He met Yoongi in a cat café that Tae dragged him into. A little calico cat meowed at him until he followed it to where he found Yoongi falling asleep by the window. 
  

Kim Namjoon
YouTube: Beyond the Scene ((Collab channel)) MonStudios ((Solo channel))
Instagram: KimDailyNamjoon is the creator of Beyond the Scene, a popular gaming channel made with Hoseok, as well as he has his own solo channel where he posts songs he has produced and vlogs. He also has an ongoing series of videos between him and Hoseok where they will prank each other. Some end well…. Some not so much. He likes to invite their friends to join for livestreams on the channel, the most common being Jin for… unknown reasons….In the span of six months, they have bought eight new cameras for Beyond the Scene, due to Namjoon breaking them. 
  

Jung Hoseok
YouTube: Beyond the Scene ((Collab channel)) Hope on the Street ((Solo channel))
Instagram: HopeWorldHoseok is the second half of Beyond the Scene. He knew Namjoon from high school and they had always joked that they could make a gaming channel together with how much they play. A couple years after graduating, after a few drinks, Namjoon said that he wanted to do it and he wanted Hobi to join him. Hobi didn’t want his experience in dance to go to waste, however, so he started up his own channel where he will post dancing tutorials and cheoreography as well as the occasional video where he pranks Namjoon back in their ongoing series. The two of them have lived together since they graduated, becoming inseparable.Hoseok has had a crush on Namjoon in freshman year. Namjoon had walked into their first science class and he sat next to Hobi. As soon as he picked up one of the beakers and it broke in his hands. He also developed feelings for Jin after he’d tried the first meal Jin had made for them.  
  

Kim Seokjin
YouTube: EatJin
Instagram: EatJinJin is a culinary YouTuber who loves to bake and cook, but will also review restaurants and foods. He will commonly collaborate Taehyung and bring him to restaurants with him as well as make Tae pick up any food they’ll be trying. He will also stop by Tae’s apartment to check on him and make sure he’s doing okay. He will also be seen in Jimin’s videos as they are roommates and Jin enjoys modelling the outfits for Jimin.There have been many rumors about Jin dating Namjoon due to how they act around each other, but others speculate that Jin is instead with Hoseok. And then some just believe it is how Jin acts around everyone, so no one is ever sure how he feels for someone.



Chapter End Notes
We also have a Tumblr where we post other content related to the story and you can also come scream at us ^^


Chapter 1



“Hold still, Chim!” Taehyung grabbed his friend’s chin, trying to complete the finishing touches of Jimin’s Harley Quinn makeup. He was currently attempting to draw a small, black heart on Jimin’s cheek, but Jimin kept squirming around. Finally, Jimin stilled at Tae’s voice just long enough for him to complete the heart.
“There! Done!” Tae cheered in quick triumph, setting down the liquid eyeliner. He stood up and adjusted the camera to show their full outfits of the Joker and male Harley Quinn from the Suicide Squad. “Well everyone, I did as so many of you asked.”
He spread his arms out wide and waited a second, having decided that when he edits the video later, he’ll add in the hundreds of requests he had received. “A huge shoutout and thank you to my best friend, Jimin, for joining me for this video. It’s all thanks to him that we have these amazing costumes. Do me a huge favor and go check out his channel, BabyChimmy95, you won’t regret it! You’ll find a video detailing how he made the outfits for both Joker and Harley. The link’s down in the description. The other link is for his Instagram account, where he’ll be posting some pictures of us all dressed up.”
Taehyung put his hand on his chin, trying to remember something, before he snapped his fingers, “Oh yeah! Guys, you’re all probably aware of this by now, but VidCon is coming up and I’m so excited to be able to meet some of you. So come say hi! And don’t forget to wear your most fabulous lipstick, I wanna see!”
Tae made a kissy face and framed his lips with his fingers before he gestured for Jimin to come closer for the outro, schooling his facial features and taking on the persona of the Joker. “Why so serious, BABs?” He made a open hand gesture towards the camera, palm up.
“Let’s put some smiles on their faces, darlin’.” Tae lifted his hand up to Jimin’s chin, tilting his face towards the camera.
“Anything you say puddin’!” Jimin gave a cheeky grin and a wink.
Taehyung finished with his signature symbol, fingers forming a “V” around his eye before swiping it towards the camera.~As Tae stopped the recording, he heard a notification beep from his phone on the table. A quick glance at the clock confirmed his suspicions and he all but dived for the phone, earning a strange look from Jimin. Taehyung ignored him in favor of checking his instagram feed, tapping the side of his phone impatiently because it was taking forever to load. When it finally loaded, he was graced with a mirror selfie showcasing dark, dripping hair and abs looking as though they might have been sculpted by the gods, visible through a white shirt made transparent with sweat. Completing the post-workout look was a simple pair of black sweatpants, but it was the face paired with the abs that got Taehyung squealing like a schoolgirl. The look Jimin gave him then was a mix between horrified and worried.“What’s going on...?” Jimin murmured, eyebrows pulled together in confusion.
The words fell on deaf ears as Tae’s fingers started tapping away a comment before he even fully processed the picture.
Jungkook, looking fine AF! ♥♥♥
He refreshed his feed only to discover that for the first time ever, he was actually successful in being the first commenter. By now, all fans of the handsome model were aware that Jungkook made it a point to respond to the first comment, no matter what it said. He reloaded the instagram feed a few more times, but when there was no notification of a response, he exited the app and turned off the screen. He turned to see Jimin still staring at him with a face clearly asking for an explanation, to which he just gave a half-smile and a small shrug before reaching to set his phone back on the table. However, he stopped when the screen lit up and the phone beeped with a notification again. Taehyung was quick to unlock it and open Instagram upon seeing the the app’s icon on the alert.
“Why thank you, @LusciousLips95 ;B” stared back at him from the screen. Tae brought his free hand up to his mouth to muffle the happy, choked sob that almost escaped. Jimin looked worried for his friend now.
“Um, TaeTae? Are you okay?” Jimin took a cautious step towards him.
Taehyung waved his hand dismissively, “I’m all good Chim. Just happy over something someone commented.” Tae still wasn’t ready to share Jungkook with anyone; there was something about the young model that made him want to keep Jungkook all to himself. Taehyung found himself wishing desperately, not for the first time, for a chance to meet Jungkook in person.
“Okay...” Jimin doesn’t look totally convinced, but he let the matter slide. “Anyways…you ready to take the pictures?”
“Oh, yeah!” Tae put his phone back on the table, before grinning and looking eerily like the Joker. He gestured towards the door of the apartment for Jimin to exit first before following. They headed down the few flights of stairs and out of Jimin’s apartment building into the dim alley just around the corner, a perfect setting for two criminals on their way to cause mischief.
After almost an hour of selfies, timed pictures, and solo photos, Jimin finally seemed content with the results and the duo headed back inside to change into their usual attire and remove their makeup.
“I don’t know, Jimin,” Tae commented as he slipped a plain, grey tank top over his head, “I think Harley Quinn’s makeup suits you.” He chuckled as he ducked the sweatshirt that was thrown at his head.
“Very funny, but I’m removing the makeup. As far as the hair…” Jimin reached up to touch a strand colored with red. “I’m definitely going to keep it for when I meet Yoongi and his roommate tonight. See what they think.” He leaned towards the mirror in front of him to make sure he didn’t miss any of the costume makeup.
“Didn’t you only meet his roommate for the first time a few nights ago, even though you and Yoongi-hyung have been together for two, almost three, months now? How does that work?” As he spoke, Taehyung started gathering his makeup supplies.
“Yoongi said that he’s super busy with college. He’s taking courses that his parents want him to take along with courses that he actually wants to do. On top of all that, he has a small part time job. That was the first night that he’s had free for months, now that finals are finally over.” Jimin had removed almost half of the makeup while talking.
“Wow, busy kid.”
“Remember how I’ve been trying to find someone to model some of my clothes? Someone that my followers haven’t seen before.” Jimin added, seeing the mock hurt on Taehyung’s face in the mirror. “Well, Yoongi’s roommate offered. Apparently one of his choice courses is modeling. He’s going to come over so I can find some clothes that will fit him, then we’re going to meet Yoongi to take some pictures.”
Tae finished packing up his makeup bag and grabbed his phone from the table, briefly noting the alert of a new instagram follower, and checked the time. “Well, I gotta head home, Jin-hyung’s probably going to be there soon. We’re going to check out a restaurant that recently opened for his channel. Have fun tonight!”
“Bye! Have fun with Jin-hyung! And tell him to bring me back some leftovers!” Jimin looked up, looking comical with three fourths of the makeup gone. Tae waved as he walked out the door.
As soon as Taehyung got into his car, he received a text message from Jin saying that he was ten minutes away. “Oh shit...” Tae muttered. It took fifteen minutes to reach his own apartment from Jimin’s. (At a legal speed, that is) He hurried out of the parking lot, narrowly missing another car that was entering the lot. He was in too much of a hurry to care very much, though.~
Jungkook sat down on a nearby bench and took a drink of water while waiting for his followers to comment on the photo he had just posted. He refreshed the app to see that in only one minute he had 148 comments waiting for him. He took a few minutes to read the other comments before responding to the first one, the kind words bringing a smile to his face. When he finally reached the top comment, he made sure to note the name to make his response seem more personal. LusciousLips95. While he typed out a response, Jungkook found himself wondering what kind of content the account paired to the name had. It didn’t always happen, but sometimes he would gets curious and see what some of his first commenters posted on their own accounts.
After responding to the comment, Jungkook clicked on the account name to satiate his curiosity. He was greeted with a profile picture featuring a young man looking off to the side of the camera like something had captured his interest. But what was fitting to the account name were the almost unnaturally pink lips that completed the beautiful face. The actual account was full of picture after picture of lip art, with an occasional selfie where the subject looked flawless and sometimes unreal.
He noticed a YouTube link under the quote that made up the account’s bio. Still curious, Jungkook tapped the link and was taken to a video where he was greeted with the same man from the profile picture, lips not as vibrant, but still slightly pink. He quickly paused the video and put his phone in his pocket, standing up and heading to the gym’s locker room to grab his things, towel wrapped around his neck. He quickly checked to make sure that nothing had fallen out of his backpack into the rented locker before tossing it over his shoulder. Jungkook removed the towel from his neck and dropped it in the basket by the door on his way out.
Once Jungkook arrived back at his apartment, he was quick to take a shower and change into a clean, white t-shirt and a pair of comfortable jeans. Then he sat down on his bed, leaning against the headboard, and unlocked his phone to once again show the video he had paused in the gym. After tapping the play button to the intro video, Jungkook learned that the man with the extremely kissable-looking lips was named Kim Taehyung and that while he mainly posted lip art videos, he would also occasionally post costume makeup tutorials. Briefly taking the time to log into his private instagram and YouTube accounts, Jungkook became a follower of LusciousLips95 and LipTaetorials.
When his roommate arrived home about an hour later, he found Jungkook in the exact same position, eyes glued to his phone screen. Jungkook was so preoccupied with the video he was watching that he didn’t notice the figure in his doorway at all. Yoongi sighed and rapped on the door frame with his knuckles. Jungkook practically jumped a foot off the bed before hurriedly turning off his phone screen with a slightly guilty expression on his face.
Yoongi shook his head, an amused smirk playing at his lips. “What were you doing, Kook?”
“Just watching YouTube, hyung.” Jungkook sat down on the edge of his bed, mock pouting. “You startled me.”
Yoongi narrowed his eyes suspiciously and then chuckled at the put-out look on Jungkook’s face before he noticed the clock sitting on the nightstand. “Hey, is that the correct time?”“Huh?” Jungkook turned to look at his clock. “Yeah, it is. Why?”
“Well, aren’t you supposed to meet Jimin soon?”
Jungkook’s eyes widened comically in realization. “Shit! I need to leave now if I don’t want to be late!”~Jungkook swerved slightly to right as he entered the parking lot of Jimin’s apartment building, barely avoiding being hit by a car speeding out of the same lot. Jungkook slowed and scowled after the car as it sped away before moving forward to find a parking spot.
He knocked on Jimin’s apartment door a few minutes later. “Just a second!” was heard from the other side of the door. A moment later the door opened to reveal Jimin wiping at a faint black smear on his cheek with a makeup remover cloth. “Hey Jungkook! Come on in!”
“Thanks, Hyung.” Jungkook stepped inside, Jimin closing the door behind him. He only waited a second before starting to complain about what had just transpired in the parking lot. “Hyung, you wouldn’t believe it, I just about got hit by this asshole who wasn’t watching where they were going while they were leaving the parking lot. They just sped out into the street without even fully stopping. That’s like, illegal or something!”
Jimin tossed the makeup cloth in the trash “Yeah, not everyone is careful when they enter the lot and vice versa, especially if they’re in a rush.” Jimin gestured for Jungkook to follow him. “I’ve already got a selection of clothes I’m hoping will fit you. Thank you again for offering to do this Jungkook, I really appreciate it.”
“No problem, Hyung,” Jungkook smiled at the older boy. “Now let’s see what you’ve got planned for me.”



Chapter 2
Chapter Summary
“Hmm…” Hoseok squinted at the the bag. “Hey, Taehyungie?”“Yeah, Hoseokie-hyung?”“Can I explore your big-ass makeup bag?”Taehyung grabbed a couple of things from the bag before pushing it forward. “Have at it, Hyung. Just don’t get lost.”“Jinnie will come find me if I do, right hyung?” Hoseok leaned toward Jin and fluttered his eyelashes, a teasing smile playing on his lips.Jin grabbed his chin and brought their faces close together. “Of course, Hobi dear.”




Taehyung stepped out of his car only to see Jin pull up to the other side of his vehicle. He raised a hand in greeting as Jin opened his door, only to use it to stifle his laughter when Jin banged his head as he was getting out of the car.

“Yah, why are you just standing there laughing instead of checking to see if your hyung’s okay?” Jin glared at Tae, rubbing the already-forming bump on his head.

“S-sorry, Jin-hyung,” Taehyung giggled, “but it was funny. Are you okay?”

“I’m practically perfect in every way, aside from the lump growing on my head.” Jin closed his door, grimacing.

“You just quoted Mary Poppins, you’re fine.” Taehyung grinned and started heading to his apartment with Jin following.

“You know, Hoseokie-hyung told me that he and Namjoon-hyung were planning to do a live-stream today.” Tae mentioned as he unlocked the door, “Want to tune into it before we head out?”

He turned around to let Jin enter first, only to see that Jin had already pulled out his phone to open the YouTube app. Taehyung smirked as his hyung walked into his apartment with his eyes glued to the screen. Hoseok’s loud voice exploded from the phone as they walked towards the couch.

~

“So, a lot of you guys have requested this before and we decided to do this challenge live. We’re going to see who can last the longest in a horror game!” By now, Tae could see the screen that showed Hoseok with a slight smile that resembled more of a grimace. “I’m sure you can all guess how excited I am for this.”

Namjoon broke in, “As many of you probably know, we had a small poll on Twitter earlier that included some of our favorite horror and suspense games.” He glanced at Hoseok and grinned, “I use the term ‘favorite’ very loosely, of course. Neither of us have actually checked the poll yet, so we don’t know what we’re going to play.”

“I’ve got Twitter loading right now,” Hoseok held up his phone to the camera to display a familiar blue screen and small white bird, “and, to be completely honest, I’m kind of worried as to what to you all voted for. We had some scary games on there.”

Hoseok turned the phone screen back to face him when it loaded. “Okay, let’s see.” He tapped the screen, took one look at the results, and slumped down to hit his head on the table.

“What?” Namjoon reached for the phone when Hoseok just groaned in response. He laughed when he saw the result. “

Welcome to the Game

 won. That’s...actually unexpected.”

Hoseok lifted his head. “I remember I said to Namjoon, ‘I really hope that neither 

Welcome to the Game

 or 

Little Nightmares

 win’ and what happens? One of them wins!” He let out a dramatic sob and leaned down until his head touched the table again.

Namjoon just chuckled as he set about getting the game ready. “He did say that.” He nudged his friend with his elbow. “Check the comments, Hobi.”

Hoseok raised his head again and leaned forward to get a better look. “Ah, there’s so many of them. They’re excited about the game choice, Namjoon.” He opened his mouth to read a comment out loud before letting out a high pitched laugh, eyes bright. “Oh, wait, I like this one! ‘Hoseokie-oppa looks so cute today!’ Thank you, 

HoseoksB-

” He cut himself off, “I… am not reading that….”

Namjoon laughed as Hoseok’s mouth formed a triangle. “I’m sure it’s not that bad…” He leaned over to check out the username for himself. “Okay, yeah, that’s… I’m not saying that either.” 

“Okay, but actually…” Hoseok murmured as he scrolled through the comments, seeing Namjoon boot up the game out of the corner of his eye. “Oh, someone is asking if we’re doing punishments. Hell yeah, we are!” He laughed happily, a heart-shaped smile forming on his lips.

“We’re doing what now?”

“A punishment! For the loser!” Hoseok laughed again, slightly manically, before he paused. “Wait, what should the punishment be?”

“Ask the viewers, see what they say.”

“Well, what do you guys think? What should the punishment be for Joon when he loses?”

Namjoon leaned over, rested his chin on Hoseok’s shoulder, and stage-whispered, “We’re playing a scary game, Hobi-hyung.”

Hoseok eyes widened comically, “Oh yeah…” When Namjoon pulled away to get back to setting everything up, there was a slight pink tinge to Hoseok’s cheeks. He leaned forward to look at the comments again and coughed, almost choking at a comment. “I-I don’t know what you’re talking about, 

HyperKittyKat

. You’re seeing things. Oh! Here’s some punishments, ‘The loser has to wear a dress of the winner’s choice for a day’, ‘The punishment should be that the loser has to eat three cheeseburgers within a minute’, ‘Loser has to get a perm’.” He laughed out loud at the last one and turned to see Namjoon with a horrified look on his face. “Oh, no. Guys, he’s having high school flashbacks.”

Namjoon blinked and smacked Hoseok on the arm. “I am not! But...we’re not doing 

that

 punishment.” He coughed and turned back to the other computer. “How about the one with the loser wearing a dress?”

Hoseok blinked and turned his head towards Namjoon. When he faced the camera again, some of the pink that had been in his cheeks had returned. “Uhm, I vote for a different one.” He looked back at the comments. “Let’s see…what about ‘The winner gets to do makeup on the loser and the loser has to wear it all day’. You know what? We both suck at makeup.” He paused. “It’s a long story as to why we know that we suck at it. It involves high school and some cheerleaders. That’s all you get to know.” He leaned back. “But, you know, that does give me an idea. Joon, doesn’t Tae still owe us a favor?” He turned to see Namjoon nod in response.

Tae sighed and looked at Jin. “Either we’re going to be late for dinner or we’re going to be interrupted in middle of it.”

Jin chuckled. “Let’s just wait and see how long this will take, maybe we can avoid getting interrupted in the middle of a meal.”

“But I’m hungry…” Taehyung whined. Jin just laughed again and turned his focus back to the livestream.

Hoseok was talking excitedly about something. “-food on the livestream and whoever the loser is, they have to open the door wearing whatever lipstick Tae chooses!” He dissolved into a fit a giggles.

“The game is ready whenever you are, Hoseok.” Namjoon nudged his friend’s arm. “You can’t stall forever.”

“Watch me.” He retorted. Namjoon just looked at him pointedly. “Okay, okay. But you have to play first.”

“Fine, but no hiding in the comments the whole time, you do have to actually watch the game.” Namjoon started a new game while Hoseok pouted next to him, eyes shifting to the comments during the intro to the game.

“Some of them are taking your side, saying I have to watch the game. You guys just want to see me get scared.” Hoseok pointed an accusing finger at the screen, his eyes still watching the comments. “Aw, Joonie, let me hide in the comments some of the time? Pretty please? 

VesperiaNight

 said they’ll tell me jokes to pass the time.”

Namjoon just shook his head. Neither of them said anything as they focused on the intro and hacking tutorial. As Namjoon started clicking through different pages, looking for parts of the secret URL, Hoseok looked up at the camera.

“Just quickly, who do you guys think is going to win the challenge?” He watched the game for a few seconds to give people time to comment before focusing on the comments. “You’ve got a lot of supporters, Namjoon, but there are a few that believe in me.”

“Choose your fighter, Jin.” Taehyung nudged his friend in the side. “Loser has to pay for dinner.”

Jin looked at him. “You’re on. I’m betting Hobi’s going to win.”

“No way, he’ll be so freaked out that he’ll probably get kidnapped by day two. Joon’s totally got this.” Tae shook his head.

“Mm, yeah. We’ll see.” They turned their attention to back to the stream. Namjoon had already found one of the URL pieces and Hoseok was currently cowering from the creepy music floating from the 

Dollmaker

 website.

“Why are you so good at this game?” Hoseok whined. “Can’t we at least turn off the sound?”

“No way, it’s part of the game. You have to add in the creepy sounds otherwise you won’t know if the Kidnapper is in the house. Now shh, we have to be quiet.” Namjoon found another URL part and Hoseok just sighed.

“Woah, Jin, look at the comments.” Taehyung pointed to the side. “They’re really freaking out. I mean, the comments always freak out, but they’re 

really

 going fast.”

“Yeah, it looks like they saw something while Namjoon was distracted.”

A sudden burst of loud music and a yelp drew their attention back to Hoseok, who was trying to not fall out of his chair. He failed.

Namjoon spun around. “Holy. Are you okay Hoseok?”

A thumbs-up floated up into the frame as Hoseok groaned, “Just peachy.”

“Here.” Namjoon reached down to help his friend up. When Hoseok was on his feet again, he turned to back to his game. Just in time to get kidnapped.

Namjoon had just moved his mouse to click to go back to the homepage when he was ripped away from the computer screen with a loud 

DUN

. The Kidnapper lunged towards the screen. Hoseok shrieked and jumped backwards, arms pinwheeling as he tried to keep his balance. He failed.

Namjoon just stared at his roommate on the floor with so much disappointment written across his face. He turned back to the black 

GAME OVER

 screen and sighed. “I was halfway through Day 2.” He muttered. He noticed the comments. “You guys were trying to warn me? I didn’t even see the location tracking signal!” He sighed again. “Well, you’ve got a pretty good chance of winning, Hobi.”

Hoseok sat up, a hand over his heart. “I don’t know if my heart can handle anymore jumpscares.”

“Well, it’s gonna have to. Unless you want to forfeit.” Namjoon brought up the start menu for the game.

A determined look crossed Hoseok’s face. “There’s no way I’m letting Tae decorate my lips however he wants.”

Namjoon moved his chair to the side so Hoseok could sit in front of the computer. “So all you have to do is avoid either being kidnapped or failing to defend against a hack and last until at least Day 3.”

“Mmhm, I know.” Hoseok clicked the start button and immediately tensed up, as though he expected to be jumpscared immediately. He was silent as he played, concentrating on finding the URL parts while also avoiding hacks and being kidnapped. Every now and again, Namjoon would look at the comments and respond to something he saw, but for the most part they were quiet. When Hoseok clicked onto the webpage for 

Father Donald

, the sudden monologue startled him so badly that he practically jumped a foot in the air. He sped through the 

Dollmaker

 page, trying to avoid having to listen to the distorted music box song. As he neared Day 3, Namjoon began to pout, most likely having sensed his loss fast approaching.

Hoseok lost about three hours before Day 4 with only two URL pieces found when he made a noise in the dark that brought the Kidnapper climbing in through the window. He yelped and hid behind his hands. “I’m not opening my eyes until the game is turned off.”

Namjoon sighed and shook his head, but still dutifully turned off the game. “It’s off, Hobi. You can open your eyes.”

Hoseok tentatively peeked through his fingers at the screen. When he saw the screen displaying their familiar homescreen, he moved his hands from his face. Taehyung watched as the realization dawned on Hoseok’s face.

“How long did I last before getting kidnapped, Joonie?” He smiled sweetly.

Namjoon sighed before answering, “You were three hours away from Day 4.”

“And when did you get kidnapped again?”

“...Day 2.”

“Oh yeah!” Hoseok started dancing happily around his roommate. “I won! I won at a scary game!” He cheered before turning back to the camera. “I won everyone! And you know what that means. Joonie has to wear whatever lipstick Tae chooses for him!” He started dancing to one of his favorite girl group songs, Sistar’s 

Touch my Body

. Namjoon couldn’t help but start laughing at the antics of his roommate.

“Let’s call in that favor from Tae before it gets too late, Joon.” Hoseok grabbed his phone without waiting for an answer from Namjoon. He was quick to find Taehyung’s number and hit the call button. He turned on the speaker function so that the audience would be able to hear the exchange.

Tae groaned when he felt his phone vibrate in his pocket. Jin watched him calmly, waiting for him to answer. Taehyung grabbed his phone and just stared at it for a moment. “Jin, I just wanted food, though.” His friend only continued to look at him.

“Fine!” Tae answered the call and before either of the callers could say anything, he intoned seriously, “I will make you regret losing, Namjoon-hyung.” Then he promptly hung up.

~

Hoseok was still randomly bursting into giggles over what Taehyung had said through the phone as he looked through the comments and chatted with those still watching the livestream. Namjoon was slumped over with his head on the table and he hadn’t moved since Taehyung’s threat.

The door burst open, Hoseok flinching at the sudden noise, and there stood Tae with his makeup bag in hand. Jin stood behind him, looking over his shoulder. Before Hoseok could say anything Taehyung barged into the studio.

“You know what? You’re lucky you’re my friends and that I owe you guys a favor ‘cause I was really busy, you assholes.”

“Hello to you, too.” Hobi muttered, “Come on in.”

“We weren’t busy at all. We were just watching your stream, actually.” Jin interjected.

“We were really busy.” Taehyung muttered. He raised his voice, “Hyung! Ready for your lip makeover? I’ve got the perfect look for you!”

Namjoon just groaned in response, his head not lifting from the table. Tae walks over and not so gently sets his makeup bag down next to Namjoon’s head. His head snaps up from the table and and he is met with Taehyung’s boxy grin right in front of his face.

“Gyah!” Namjoon pushed himself back from the table, his chair tipping over instead of rolling away. Taehyung pounced, grabbing Namjoon’s shoulders and pulling him to his feet before he could attempt to run.

“You’re sitting with your back to the camera and you’re gonna keep your eyes closed until I’m finished. There’s no argument on this.” They walked over to the chair Hoseok produced and Tae pushed Namjoon into the seat. “You’re keeping me from food, I will not go easy on you.”

Hoseok stared at Jin with wide eyes before edging back over the camera, Jin right behind him. They sat down in front of the camera, as far away from the side where Taehyung and Namjoon are, so the watchers can still see what’s happening.

“So...why did Tae bring such a big makeup bag with him?” Hoseok wondered aloud.

“I honestly believe it’s because he was just too lazy to sort through it before we left. During the drive here, he was digging around in it, looking for everything he needed for Joon’s lips.” Jin shrugged.

“Hmm…” Hoseok squinted at the the bag. “Hey, Taehyungie?”

“Yeah, Hoseokie-hyung?”

“Can I explore your big-ass makeup bag?”

Taehyung grabbed a couple of things from the bag before pushing it forward. “Have at it, Hyung. Just don’t get lost.”

“Jinnie will come find me if I do, right hyung?” Hoseok leaned toward Jin and fluttered his eyelashes, a teasing smile playing on his lips.

Jin grabbed his chin and brought their faces close together. “Of course, Hobi dear.”

Hoseok’s cheeks turned red and he let out a sound resembling a mix between a squeal and a squeak, his hands coming up to cover his face. Jin laughed at the reaction as he let go of Hoseok’s chin to grab Taehyung’s makeup bag. A look of surprise crossed his face as he lifted it.

“How is your bag this heavy, Tae?” Jin grunted as he set the bag down in front of them.

“It can’t be that heavy.” Hoseok reached for it, cheeks still tinted a soft pink. “Hngh…” His muscles visibly strained as he picked up the bag. “Why is the bag so heavy?! What do you have in there? Brick sized eyeshadow palettes?”

“Yeah, actually, some of the makeup palettes in there can be compared to the size of bricks.” Taehyung commented casually. Hoseok and Jin just stared at him.

“Hobi, we need to inspect this bag right now.” Jin said seriously.

Hoseok just nodded solemnly. “I’m going in.” He opened the top of the bag dramatically, peering in cautiously before reaching to grab whatever was on top.

~

 After Hoseok and Jin had removed every makeup item from Taehyung’s bag, they were just chatting with the viewers, a good sized stack of miscellaneous makeup essentials abandoned next to them and an armful of lipstick swatches on Hoseok. Part of what was taking Tae so long to finish Namjoon’s lips was that he had kept getting interrupted by Hoseok constantly asking him if a lipstick color would look good on him.

“Aha!” Taehyung suddenly exclaimed from the background. “I am finished! And I’ve done some beautiful work here, if I do say so myself.” He lifted his phone and took a quick picture of Namjoon’s lips.

“Does this mean I can finally open my eyes, Taehyung? I think I almost fell asleep from how long they’ve been shut.”

“Yep, go show your fans what an amazing job I’ve done.”

Hoseok and Jin turned around quickly, excited to see the result. When Namjoon turned around, Hoseok covered his mouth before leaning forward to bury his face into the back Jin’s shoulder to keep from laughing. Jin was doing a better job at keeping himself composed.

As Namjoon drew closer to both the camera and the light, the hot pink color on his lips became even brighter. He tentatively reached up and touched the corner of his mouth, gold slowly dripping down from the tops of both is upper and bottom lips.

“I…” Namjoon just stared at the camera blankly, eyes shifting every now and again to the monitor displaying the stream. Jin and Hoseok were both staring unabashedly at Namjoon’s lips and the comments were flooding in.


Namjoon, you look so pretty! owo



How is he able to pull off that color?



Jin and Hobi can’t stop staring lol


Taehyung just went about his business of packing all of his makeup supplies back into his bag. Some of the melted gold reached Namjoon’s chin and he brushed it away with his finger, leaving a small smear of gold on his chin. He tried wiping it away, but it didn’t disappear.

“Taehyung, what the hell did you do?” Namjoon sighed.

“You’re keeping me from dinner, hyung. I got revenge.” Taehyung closed his bag. “Speaking of dinner, I’m ready to go. What do you think Jin?”

Jin blinked. “What? Oh, yeah, dinner. I guess we can go.” He stood up. “See ya guys. Good luck, Namjoon.”

Hoseok snorted. “Good luck? More like rest in peace.”

“Don’t forget Tae, you’re paying, though.” Jin walked to the door.

“Ah. Stupid bet.” Taehyung picked his bag up off the table. “If only you had won, Joon-hyung.”

“You guys bet on us?” Namjoon was still trying to get the gold off his chin.

“Yep, loser has to pay for dinner. And I won!” Jin blew a flying kiss to the camera before opening the door. Taehyung made a peace sign for the viewers before they both left.

Taehyung’s voice floated back into the room before the door closed. “We’re getting skewers, bitches!” Hoseok burst out laughing.

“They bet on us…” Namjoon finally gave up, resigned to the fact that this was his life. “Assholes.”

“You’re just mad because Jin-hyung bet on me.” Hoseok stuck his tongue out. “Okay! What game should we play next?”

~

Jungkook stood still as Jimin paced around him, making small adjustments to Jungkook’s outfit, changes to problems unnoticeable to anyone else. Jungkook shifted his gaze Yoongi, pleading with his eyes.

Yoongi shifted the camera hanging from his neck. “Jimin, he looks great. Let me take some pictures before it’s too dark to see anything.”

Jimin ignored him in favor of making another adjustment. Yoongi walked over and put his hands on his boyfriend’s shoulders, stopping his movements.

“He looks great.” Yoongi repeated. “Let me take some pictures and if you still don't like how it looks then we can try something else.”

Jimin sighed, then nodded and stepped back.

“Okay, Kook.” Yoongi removed the lens cover and raised his camera to his face. “Let's see what you've learned from those modeling classes.”

After snapping a few practice shots for Jimin to look at, they got to work. It took a little over an hour, but the end results were dozens of pictures of Jungkook modeling two of Jimin’s original creations.

Jimin smiled happily at the end results. “All-natural look, absolutely no makeup required! These pictures are beautiful Yoongi!” He pecked a kiss on his boyfriend's lips. He turned to Jungkook. “You look so amazing, Kookie!”

“He's nowhere near as amazing as you.” Yoongi smiled and put his arm around Jimin's waist, pressing a kiss to his temple.

“I think I'm gonna throw up. You two are disgustingly cute.” Jungkook made a gagging sound.

Jimin giggled, cheeks a light red. “Really though, Kookie, thank you so much for doing this. I really appreciate it.”

“It’s no problem, Jimin-hyung. Really, I’m happy to help.” Jungkook gestured to his roommate. “But it was actually Yoongi-hyung’s idea. I just agreed. But I’m really happy I did, your designs are really amazing.”

“You did a good job, kid.” Yoongi started packing up his camera. “Go change so we can go eat. The sooner we eat, the sooner I get to sleep.”

“Where are we going for dinner?” Jimin asked.

“I was thinking we could check out that new skewers place.” Jungkook took off like a bullet towards Jimin’s apartment. Yoongi and Jimin just stared after him.

“Come on! Hurry, let’s go!” Jungkook called over his shoulder.

“He really loves skewers, mainly lamb skewers. We both do.” Yoongi explained.

A quiet cheer of “Skewers!” reached their ears.

“He really loves skewers.” Yoongi repeated.

~

“You guys go get us a table, I’ll find you. I just have to go to the bathroom.” Jimin said to Yoongi and Jungkook when they arrived at the skewers restaurant. As he left the restrooms, he spotted two very familiar faces.

“TaeTae! Jin-hyung!” Jimin walked over, spotting Jin’s vlogging camera and the empty plates on the table. “You guys just finish a review video?”

“Oh, hey hey, Jiminie. Yeah, we did. The food here is soooo good!” Taehyung was putting on a plain black mask, Jin following suit with a white mask.

“You’re really going to enjoy the food.” Jin grabbed his camera. “If I had know you were going to be coming here, we would had waited for you.”

Jimin waved his hand dismissively. “Oh, no, it’s fine. I’m here with Yoongi and his roommate. We just finished modeling some of my clothes. The pictures looked great!”

Tae stood up, stumbling slightly into Jimin. “Sorry Chim. I’m currently fighting off a food coma. Otherwise, I’d insist on meeting this mysterious roommate.”

Jimin laughed, pushing his best friend to lean on Jin when the elder stood up. “It’s okay, Tae. You look like you’re about to pass out. Get him home safe Jin-hyung. See you guys later!” He waved goodbye as he walked away.

When he found Yoongi and Jungkook not too far away, Jungkook asked, “Who was that hyung?”

“Oh, they’re some friends of mine.” Jimin sat down, noticing no menus. “Did you already order?”

“Jungkook got two of every skewer they have here for us all to share.” Yoongi looked pointedly at his roommate who just smiled in return.

“I’m ready for a skewer coma.” He raised his hands. “Bring it on!”




Chapter 2.5
Chapter Summary
“How about we get some pizza?” Namjoon stretched after being bent over a keyboard while playing Stick Fight! live for the last hour.“Hell no, you get pineapple on your pizza. That’s nasty.” Hoseok made a disgusted face, sticking his tongue out.“Excuse you, pineapple on pizza is one of the greatest discoveries that mankind has ever made. Sam Panopoulos was a genius and never fully acknowledged for the wonder he created. That is, of course, Hawaiian Pizza.”“Just stop. Please.” Hoseok groaned.



“Joon-ah, what do you want to order for dinner? ” Hoseok spun around in his desk chair. “You still have to answer the door and pay for food delivery for the last part of your punishment before we end the stream.”“How about we get some pizza?” Namjoon stretched after being bent over a keyboard while playing  Stick Fight!  live for the last hour.“Hell no, you get pineapple on your pizza. That’s nasty.” Hoseok made a disgusted face, sticking his tongue out.“Excuse you, pineapple on pizza is one of the greatest discoveries that mankind has ever made. Sam Panopoulos was a genius and never fully acknowledged for the wonder he created. That is, of course, Hawaiian Pizza.”“Just stop. Please.” Hoseok groaned.“You should be grateful that at least I don’t put milk in my bowl first and then add the cereal after.”“So you mean, I should be grateful I don’t live with a monster?”“Yes.”“You’re right.” Hoseok poked Namjoon in the chest. “I just live with the God of Destruction.”“I feel like that’s a bit of an exaggeration-” Namjoon tried to protest, but Hoseok cut him off.“You broke  seven  cameras in the last  six  months, Joon. And when we were setting up for the stream earlier, you managed to knock over our newest camera!”“I don’t know what you’re talking about, Hobi.”“The cover for the battery and SD card ports is gone.” Hoseok pointed at the camera.“It’s not  gone . It’s sitting right over there, on the counter.” Namjoon gestured off screen. “We can just duct tape it or something.”Hoseok just shook his head, a small smile playing at his lips. “Shit, he’s cute.” He muttered, too quietly for the audience or Namjoon to pick up.“What?” Namjoon turned to him.“Nothing!” Hoseok squeaked, his face turning red. “I mean, uh...what are we ordering for food?”“Do you want to just order some chicken? We can just get regular chicken with a ton of different sauces.”“Y-yeah.” Hoseok cleared his throat. “I’m good with that. I’ll order online.”~Hoseok worked to switch the stream from the main camera to the vlogging camera in his hand. When he succeeded, he walked over to where Namjoon was staring out the window.“Okay, everyone. The delivery guy should be here soon.” Namjoon turned away from the window and Hoseok zoomed in on his lips, which now had smears of gold on and around them. “Lookin’ real pretty there, Joon. Ready to complete the next part of your punishment?”“I’m ready to die.” Namjoon mumbled. Hoseok laughed as he zoomed back out, revealing Namjoon’s pout. The camera suddenly shifted, pointed at something through the window.“Look! Our food has arrived in the parking lot!” Hoseok paused. “Unless, of course, someone else ordered delivery from the exact same place. No, wait. He’s parked in front of our building. Pretty sure it’s our food. Namjoon! Go wait by the door!” Hoseok turned the camera on his friend, one hand reaching to push him towards the door. “Go on!”As his slightly bewildered roommate headed to the door, Hoseok ran over to the computer screen that he had ordered their food on. “Look at this, you guys.”He focused the camera on a specific section of the delivery receipt.
 Special Delivery Instructions: Please tell me I’m pretty 
Hoseok covered his mouth as he tried to avoid laughing too loud while making his way to the closet by the front door where he could film all the awkwardness bound to happen. Namjoon jumped when the doorbell rang, glancing over at Hoseok, who gave him a thumbs up.Namjoon took a deep breath before opening the door, revealing a young man who was looking awkwardly at the ground. He looked up at Namjoon and Hoseok could see the internal panic in his eyes. He zoomed in a bit so the viewers could see better.“U-uhm, your total is 19500 won.” The boy stammered, very obviously flustered. His eyes kept flicking between the floor and Namjoon’s lips. As Namjoon began counting bills, the boy licked his lips, eyes glued to the floor, face slowly turning red. He shifted his feet before looking up at Namjoon and blurting, “You look really pretty!”Namjoon fumbled with the money in hands, dropping multiple bills on the ground, and stared at the delivery boy for a moment, eyes wide. He blinked and quickly crouched to grab the fallen money. In a swift movement, he shoved a number of bills into the boy’s hand before grabbing the bag of food.“Keep the change!” Namjoon practically yelled before closing the door. Hoseok tumbled out of the closet laughing hysterically, keeping the camera trained on his flustered roommate as he lay on the floor. Namjoon stood, staring at the door, before turning to Hoseok with a glare settled on his features.“Hobi…” He growled menacingly while advancing towards his friend gasping for breath on the floor.Hoseok scrambled to his feet, one hand held out placatingly. “I-it was J-Jin-hyung’s idea,” He was still trying to catch his breath from laughing, “I-I swear, Joonie.”Namjoon said nothing as he carefully set the bag of food down. Hoseok stepped back, trying to distance himself from his roommate. When Namjoon lunged forward suddenly, Hoseok yelped and ran away, dropping the camera on the couch as he fled past it. The forgotten camera picked up many incomprehensible yells and Hoseok’s laughter.Hoseok retrieved the camera a few minutes later, breathless, red in the face, and still giggling. He returned to Namjoon who had grabbed the bag of food and placed it on the island in their kitchen. His face was also still tinted pink. Hoseok arranged the camera so that they were both in frame.“Okay, guys, I think this is a perfect place to end the stream. We got food and Namjoon got pranked, kind of.” Hoseok giggled again, facing his friend. “What do you think, Joonie?”“I think you can go fuck yourself.”“Hmm...nah, I don’t like the sound of that. Why don’t you do it for me?” Hoseok responded without missing a beat. Namjoon’s face went blank and slowly turned red. Hoseok turned back to the camera and gave a small wave. “Bye, everybody!” He walked out of frame, leaving Namjoon standing there like a statue. A moment later, the stream ended.~Jungkook stared up at the ceiling of his room, his phone still displaying the now ended Beyond the Scene stream. A thought had been haunting him the entirety that he had been watching the video, having tuned in as they were finishing up playing  Stick Fight! “But…” Jungkook muttered to himself, “I put milk in the bowl before I add the cereal…What does this mean…?”He rolled over and grabbed his phone, deciding to ignore the pending existential crisis and instead watch some more art videos. Lip art videos, that is. Once the clock on his phone displayed that it was midnight, he decided it was time to try to fall asleep. When he reached to set his phone on his nightstand, he accidentally pressed the power button. His phone screen lit up and illuminated an old picture of Jungkook and his brother. They were laughing together, a younger Jungkook riding piggy-back style on his brother’s back. Jungkook sighed softly and he curled in on himself as he stared at the picture until the light finally shut off. He shut his eyes tightly, trying to ignore the stinging of tears.
 Ah… I miss him... 
He could feel another sleepless night coming on, but tried to fight against it, rolling to his other side.After tossing and turning for what seemed like hours, Jungkook gave up and checked the time on his phone. 1:03 AMJungkook groaned. He briefly thought about the solution that always helped him fall asleep when his insomnia hit full force like this, but he pushed the thought away when he remembered that Jimin had spent the night. He flipped his pillow to the cooler side and turned to lay on his opposite side.After more restless tossing, turning, ceiling staring, and sighing in frustration, Jungkook finally gave into the temptation. He got up, grabbing his cookie-shaped pillow and hugging it to his chest before shuffling to Yoongi’s room. The door had been left open like it is every night and Jungkook slipped through the doorway.“Hyung.” He whispered while walking towards the bed illuminated by faint moonlight streaming through the curtains over the window. He said it again, louder. “Hyung.”Jungkook watched one of the shapes on the bed shift in the darkness, but when it sat up, he realized that it was Jimin.“Wha? Jungkook?” Jimin ran a hand through his hair. “What’s wrong, Kookie?”Yoongi answered, his voice muffled by blankets, “He can’t sleep.”Jungkook nodded, humming affirmation. “I was hoping I could…”Yoongi just shifted even closer to Jimin, who was watching the exchange with concern, making just enough room for another person to fit on the bed. He lifted the blankets up in invitation and Jungkook slid in next to Yoongi, sliding his pillow under his head. Yoongi rolled over onto his back, resting one of his hands in front of Jungkook, who grabbed it and laced their fingers together. Jungkook closed his eyes and sighed, relaxing into the bed.Jimin watched all of this transpire with a soft frown. Worry flickered across his face before Yoongi reached up and tugged him down next to him, keeping his free arm wrapped around Jimin. Jimin whispered to his boyfriend, “I’m not sure if I should feel threatened by this or if I should just find this absolutely adorable.”Yoongi opened his eyes and looked at Jimin, one eyebrow raised. Despite a sad look in Yoongi's gaze, he gave a slight smile and murmured, “Who knows?”



Chapter 3
Chapter Summary
Speak.Jimin looked back and forth between the two of them for a moment and cleared his throat.SPEAK!“TaeTae? Are you-”“Y-you have really nice abs!” Taehyung yelped, hands flying to cover his mouth. Everyone turned to stare at Jungkook, expecting a response. This pushed Jungkook to get out the first thing that came to mind.“Your lips are really fucking pretty!”




Taehyung groaned as he stepped out of Namjoon’s rental car. He stretched, relishing as his stiff joints popped pleasantly. He glared at the car that had been his uncomfortable prison for the last 37 minutes until they had finally arrived at the hotel.


“I’m still pissed about a Fiat being the only rental car they had left.” Taehyung muttered.


Hoseok chuckled darkly, bending over backward to correct his spine. “I think my spine is permanently bent out of place.”


“Hey guys?” Namjoon’s voice drifted from the driver’s seat. “I think I’m stuck.”


Hoseok and Taehyung glanced at each other before Hoseok huffed out a sigh and hung his head, hands on his hips. Taehyung gestured to the car as if to say 

He’s your roommate

. Hoseok shook his head in response, but still walked around the car to help.


“How...how the fuck did you even get in the car? Let alone manage to drive?” At Hoseok’s words, Taehyung jogged around the car to see Namjoon’s legs tucked up under the steering wheel and his back hunched to avoid hitting his head on the roof of the car.


“Are you trying to imitate a human pretzel or something?” Taehyung snorted.


“Haha, hilarious.” Namjoon deadpanned, looking very uncomfortable.


“Okay, so I think the best course of action is to get your head out first and hopefully your feet will follow.” Hoseok reached for Namjoon’s left arm and looked back at Taehyung. “We might need some help with this.”


They grabbed onto Namjoon’s arm and shoulder, bracing themselves. “On three.” Namjoon counted, “One...two....three!” Taehyung and Hoseok pulled as Namjoon did his best to push his upper body out of the car with his right arm. They pulled until Namjoon’s back landed on the pavement with a thud.


“Ow…” He propped himself up on his elbows and maneuvered his legs and feet free, with some help from Taehyung and Hoseok. “Thanks guys.”


“Okay, you’re free. Let’s get checked into the hotel now, VidCon starts tomorrow and I am so hyped!” To prove his point, Taehyung jumped up and down like a pogo stick, a boxy grin on his face.


~


“Not it.” Jin murmured, staring into the backseat like they had been for the last five minutes. Jungkook’s head whipped towards his hyung.


“T-that’s not fair, Hyung!” He whispered fiercely. “You have a better chance of surviving!”


“Oh?” Jin met Jungkook’s gaze, “How’s that?”


“You’re older, they have to respect you.” Jungkook pointed to the couple snoozing in the backseat. “I’m the youngest, if I wake them up, there’s nothing stopping them from making the rest of VidCon living hell for me.”


“They’ll do that anyways.” Jin retorted.


“It’ll be worse.” Jungkook shot back. “You know I’m right and that’s why you’re stalling.”


Jin scoffed in response. “You’re the one stalling, Kook.”


“You’re both stalling.” Jimin’s voice drifted quietly from where he was wrapped around Yoongi. They both looked over at Jimin, who still had his eyes closed.


“Oh good, you’re awake. Now you can wake up your demon of a boyfriend.” Jin opened his door and stepped out, Jungkook scrambling to follow suit.


“He’s not a demon, he’s actu-” Jimin’s sentence was cut off when the other two closed their doors simultaneously, stopping him before he could launch into a rant about his boyfriend. Jin and Jungkook leaned against the front of the van, waiting for the two lovebirds to get out of the car.


“So...you realize you are literally the mom friend, right?” Jungkook looked at Jin.


“I’m not the mom friend! I don’t know why you guys keep saying that!”


“You realize your rental car is literally soccer mom van?” Jungkook gestured to the vehicle they were leaning against.


“Excuse you, it’s a practical and logical choice. 

Not

 a mom van!” Jin gestured to the air animatedly.


“It’s a mom van.” Yoongi’s tired voice sounded from behind them. He stepped out of the van, moving to the side to let Jimin out. Jimin slammed the door and glared at Jungkook and Jin.


“You two! Rude! You totally just ignored me and cut me off by closing the doors! What the hell?!” Jimin pulled his phone from his pocket and walked away muttering under his breath about “rude assholes”.


Jungkook looked at Yoongi who gave a half-hearted shrug before walking after his boyfriend. When Jungkook looked at Jin, he just shook his head and they followed the couple. When they caught up to them, Jimin was tapping out a text. Jungkook sidled closer until he could peek over Jimin’s shoulder.


“Why are you texting your ‘soulmate’?” Jungkook asked, Jimin jumping at his close proximity. “Yoongi’s right next to you.”


“It’s his best friend.” Yoongi answered.


“Why do you call your best friend your soulmate?” Jin piped up.


“He’s my 

platonic

 soulmate, thank you very much. I have my platonic soulmate and Yoongi, my boyfriend.” Jimin huffed. Jungkook raised an eyebrow at Yoongi when he didn’t say anything.


“I accepted this a month ago, it’s part of our terms and agreements.” Yoongi drawled, looking pointedly at Jimin., who gave him a cheeky grin and kissed his cheek. Jungkook stuck out his tongue and made a 

bleh

 sound. 


~


“This way!” Taehyung planted his foot on a rock and pointed forward majestically, his other hand holding his phone in front of his face. The wind seemed to pick up at the perfect time, blowing Taehyung’s hair away from his forehead, his coat flying out behind him.


Hoseok snapped a picture of his friend while muttering to Namjoon, “Even Mother Nature loves him, what the actual hell?”


“Uhm, Tae?” Namjoon spoke up, “You’re pointing at a tree.”


“Obviously we’re supposed to go around the tree, Joonie~” Taehyung lilted, his tone condescending.


“There’s a concrete wall behind the tree.” Namjoon deadpanned.


“You know what?” Taehyung pulled himself up to his full height, tossing his hair dramatically. “Fine, I’ll just go off myself then.” He promptly turned and walked away, not even looking back over his shoulder.


Hoseok leaned close to Namjoon. “I think he’s insulted you pulled that on him…”


“Pulled what on him? Logic?!” Namjoon exclaimed. They watched as Taehyung’s back shrank with distance, only to realize that he really wasn’t going to turn around and come back.


“TaeTae!” Hoseok called as they sprinted to catch up.


~


Taehyung and Namjoon leaned against the wall in a mostly empty side hallway, save for a few small groups scattered at random intervals, taking a break from the big crowd. Hoseok was sitting on the floor next to Namjoon. This was the rendezvous point decided by Jimin and Taehyung. When a rowdy group of about seven people entered the hallway, everyone looked towards them, all eyes drawn by their loud laughter.


“Hey, I see Jin-hyung!” Hoseok jumped up, the only thing stopping him from sprinting to the group was Namjoon holding his elbow. Jin was the only person visible behind the group of seven.


They stayed where they were, waiting for the group to pass. Once they were gone, Hoseok grabbed Taehyung’s arm and pulled him along, causing him to glance up from where he was scrolling through Instagram, looking back at his phone just as quickly. Hoseok released Taehyung’s arm when the younger started following of his own accord.


 It took a moment for him to process what he’d just seen before his feet stopped completely and he lifted his gaze up again. Not even ten meters in front of him, Taehyung saw a face he could recognize anywhere, one that was even more beautiful in real life than through a phone screen. 


Jeon 

Fucking

 Jungkook.



Shit.



~


Taehyung’s phone hit the ground as he froze in place. The thud of the device drew Hoseok’s attention to the younger, noticing the deer-in-the-headlights look on Taehyung’s face. Blinking a couple times, Hoseok turned his head to follow Taehyung’s gaze. Jimin was walking towards them, hand-in-hand with a man that Hoseok assumed to be Yoongi, the boyfriend that Jimin can’t shut up about in text. Jin was on Jimin’s other side and a boy that Hoseok didn’t recognize was walking next to Yoongi. The boy had his eyes glued to his phone, an earbud in one ear, the other hanging out of his shirt collar, where the cord disappeared.


Hoseok look back to check and, yeah, it was the new boy that Taehyung staring at. When Jimin spotted them, he grinned and waved excitedly. He picked up his pace, pulling Yoongi along. Jin nudged the other boy, who only glanced up slightly and quickened his steps. He looked up again, only a moment later, brows furrowed slightly. Hoseok watched as his eyes landed on Taehyung, widening in shock. His steps faltered and he slowed to a stop about three meters away. His hand dropped to his side and Hoseok winced as his phone dropped to the floor. On the screen was Taehyung, lips decorated blue with clear water droplets on the top lip, doing his famous V outro.


By now, the others had noticed the staring and were just waiting to see what would happen.


~



Oh shit… Now he’s looking at me… he sees me. Hide. HIDE.



Despite these thoughts, Taehyung didn’t move, his body almost that of a statue and it seemed Jungkook wasn’t doing much better. 



Say something. Anything. Say something NOW.



Taehyung opened his mouth to say...words. Hopefully something normal, but hey. He’d accept anything right now. Nothing came out of his mouth and he just stood there, slack jawed.



Idiot….you IDIOT!



“Uhm…” Jungkook also attempted to speak, but that was all he managed to get out before his brain cut off communication. 



Speak.



Jimin looked back and forth between the two of them for a moment and cleared his throat.



SPEAK!



“TaeTae? Are you-”


“Y-you have really nice abs!” Taehyung yelped, hands flying to cover his mouth. Everyone turned to stare at Jungkook, expecting a response. This pushed Jungkook to get out the first thing that came to mind.


“Your lips are really fucking pretty!”


Silence followed for a moment before a loud clap rang through the hall all eyes turning to Hoseok. Except for Jungkook and Taehyung, who were still staring at each other, now both in awe and horror.


“Now that intros are out of the way, who’s hungry?”


~


After a good - and awkward - lunch, Jungkook had left with Yoongi and Jimin to do some filming around Vidcon, but they ended up mostly spending time at their booth, meeting fans as well as other creators. Jimin had done amazing, his energy working so well in the crazy environment. Yoongi and Jungkook, on the other hand, had gotten very worn out very quickly. 


Yoongi had actually taken the time to gather the excuse of getting food, giving him a reason to leave. Jungkook had just said “I’m taking a walk” and left.


He’d wandered around a bit, only getting stopped a couple times for photos, before he made he way to where Beyond the Scene had their booth set up, a TV set up with a GameCube, Namjoon and Hoseok taking turns battling fans in 

Super Smash Bros

. He almost stopped to play a round before he noticed Jin standing off to the side, a smile on his lips.


“So… Why didn’t you tell me you know Beyond the Scene?” Jungkook asked as he walked up behind Jin, watching the older jump at the sound of his voice. Whipping his head around, Jin blinked wide eyes before he relaxed again, a heavy sigh leaving his lips.


“Give some sort of warning before you do that shit…” Jin huffed before straightening again, turning his attention back to the TV. “And I mean… It never really came up, did it?”


“I’m pretty sure I mentioned them on the way here... Why didn’t you say anything?” Jin smirked at the pout on Jungkook’s lips, nudging his shoulder and leaning in close.


“Maybe they’re like my dirty little secret,” Jin winked, arms crossing over his chest. A fake look of disgust came across Jungkook’s face before he stepped back.


“Gross, Hyung. I’m leaving,” he mumbled, hands pushed into his pockets as he continued through the convention. He paused when he saw a long line-up, noticing a lot of the fans wearing lipstick, some really detailed, some just plain. He could see where this was going.


As he continued walking a bit, Jungkook saw Taehyung at the front of the line, taking photos with fans, some of them with his signature V sign, some of them where he’s pressing a kiss to their cheek. Jungkook watched as multiple fans walked away with a bright red kiss on their cheek, smiling like it was the best day of their lives. 


Finding the scene amusing, Jungkook chose to stay and watch, arms crossed over his chest. The line was beginning to die down, only a handful of people left. Gathering his courage, Jungkook made the decision to walk over, taking his place at the back of the line.


It seemed like only a few seconds passed before Jungkook was at the front, staring at Taehyung with no one behind him. Jungkook feared for a moment this would turn out just like their first meeting but Taehyung seemed to have gotten a bit more comfortable after lunch.


“Would you like a kiss too?” Taehyung hummed, a teasing tone to his voice and a smirk on his lips. Jungkook watched him pull out a tube of lipstick from his pocket, reapplying the glossy, red to his lips. 


“I mean, I don’t usually do that on the first date…” Jungkook murmured, seeming to think over Taehyung’s proposition. “But I guess I can make an exception for you.”


Jungkook felt his confident shrink as Taehyung walked closer until they were only a few inches apart. Sucking in a sharp breath, Jungkook felt Taehyung’s hands gently take his face, pulling him closer. Lips parting, Jungkook unconsciously leaned closer, eyes beginning to close.


Then he felt soft lips against his forehead, his head pulled down a bit to allow Taehyung to reach better. Frozen in place for a moment, Jungkook listened to Taehyung giggle, stepping back.


“Someone was eager,” Taehyung winked at Jungkook, the younger staring with wide eyes. “You look ridiculous.” 


Jungkook took a few more seconds to process everything that happened before he felt a small package hit his chest. Fumbling to catch it, he looked down to see it was a pack of makeup wipes. A breathless laugh left his lips as he pulled one out and gave the pack back to Taehyung.


“You want to take a walk with me? For a breather?” Jungkook asked as he wiped off his forehead, a shy smile on his lips. Taehyung returned the smile and nodded, his hands playing with the sleeves of his loose shirt. 


~


“So how did you meet Jimin-hyung?” Jungkook asked as him and Taehyung wandered through the halls of the convention. At this point, he’s pretty sure they’ve walked through this same hallway close to twelve times, but who’s counting.


“Okay, picture this. First year of college. I’m a social butterfly, going about, trying to figure out who I am. The usual. Anyways, I was in a chemistry course with Hobi-hyung. We both sucked at that class. I’m pretty sure that’s why we became friends. Also, I thought he was pretty cute, but that wasn’t happening. Not with Na-” Taehyung cut himself off and coughed, eyebrows furrowed. “Anyways… So we’re coming up on spring break and Hoseok-hyung asks if I’m going to the big party. I had no idea what he was talking about, but I said yes anyways. Turns out one of the seniors has thrown this party every year and everyone would go. 


“So we get there, I’m looking hot as fuck, Hobi-hyung is looking… I mean, decent compared to me. It’s loud and smells of cheap alcohol and sweat. All in all, good party. So I make my way in, checking out the scene. Honestly, just wanted a drink in my hand. The drinks are in the living room and I’m so close to grabbing one, when someone swipes half the drinks off the table and onto me. Now, I was wearing some nice fucking clothes. I was pissed. I was so ready to tear this kid apart. 


“That was until he hopped on the fucking table and starting dancing along to whatever song was playing. His shirt was soaked and sticking to his chest and some pretty nice abs. His ass was looking amazing. Honestly, not even mad at this point. Kid is wasted. I’m just appreciating the show but then he stops dead, a really confused look on his face before he doubles over and pukes on the floor before passing out on the table.


“I was standing right there so I felt responsible for him. I picked him up and carried him outside. I debated just leaving him there, but that seemed pretty mean and me, being the nice person I am, brought him back to my dorm and got him into my bed. He slept for about an hour and when I came back into the room after getting cleaned up, he was sitting up in bed, looking really out of sorts. He looked at me and made this really weird face before he nodded slowly and said “Wow, Jimin… You picked a good one tonight…” before he passed out again. Turns out he thought we’d fucked and congratulated himself for doing a good job. Naturally, I became best friends with him after that.”


Once the story wrapped up, Jungkook looked at the floor and frowned.


“I don’t think I can talk to him normally after that…” Jungkook mumbled before he lifted his head, looking around them. They were in a more secluded hallway, no one in the area with them. “Anyways… We should probably get back to the others…” Jungkook started to turn around, looking at Taehyung to see if he was going to follow. He seemed to be thinking about something, frowning down at the floor.


“Did you mean it when you said my lips were pretty?” Taehyung asked, looking up at Jungkook, the younger caught off guard by the question. He blinked before lowering his head, clearing his throat to break the silence that began to grow.


“I… Yeah, actually… I’m a huge fan,” Jungkook laughed awkwardly, scratching the back of his neck, biting at his lower lip.


“I’m glad… It makes me happy that you’re a fan, cause…” A soft laugh left Taehyung’s lips before he gently touched Jungkook’s arm, fingers light against his skin. “I’m a fan of yours as well…”


With a burst of confidence, Jungkook stepped forward until he had Taehyung backed up against the wall, one of his hands braced next to Taehyung’s head. He stared down at Taehyung with lidded eyes, glancing down to where Taehyung licked his lips, leaning a bit closer.


“Tell me if you want me to stop…” Jungkook breathed, his free hand moving to gently cup Taehyung’s jaw, his thumb brushing over his lower lip slowly, the older’s lips parting slightly. Taehyung shivered at the touch, not breaking eye contact as he moved closer.


“I won’t,” was all Jungkook needed before he pressed their lips together, the kiss rough and messy. Jungkook lowered his hand to Taehyung’s waist and tugged him closer, nipping at his lower lip. A soft sound left Taehyung, his hands lifting to hold Jungkook’s shirt in a tight grip.


Jungkook could already feel his body getting hot and he’s sure it would have gone so much further if he hadn’t pulled away at the sound of hurried footsteps echoing through the hall. He looked down at Taehyung, lifting a hand to wipe the smeared lipstick off Taehyung’s skin, a breathless laugh leaving his lips. The two of them panted softly as they stepped away from each other, one of Jungkook’s hand lowering to gently take on of Taehyung’s, giving it a soft squeeze before letting go.


“We should… We should probably go back…” 


~


Taehyung stood on the side of the room, Yoongi and Jin on either side of him, watching Jungkook on stage. He was currently doing a panel that consisted of only male Instagram models, four of the top five. Jungkook stood to the far right, with his fellow ‘97 liner, Kim Yugyeom, standing next him. On the other side of Yugyeom, was Lee Taemin, the top instagram model of the world. And currently showing off his flexibility in the middle of the stage was Jo Kwon, the model famous for his androgynous looks and styles. The last model of the top five,  Kwon Jiyong, had been unable to make it to VidCon this year, much to the dismay of Jungkook.


The panel had been going on for almost an hour, maybe about ten minutes left, when Taehyung became aware of some hushed whispers and felt eyes on him. Scanning the crowd, his eyes landed on a small group of girls who kept glancing between him and a phone. The next time one of them looked at him, he caught her eye and waved subtly, guessing they were fans of his who recognized him. The girl’s eyes widened and she quickly turned back to her friends. When they continued to avoid looking at him, he lowered his hand in confusion.


A door at the back of the room cracked open and Jimin slipped through, closing the door silently behind him. He almost immediately noticed the three by the wall and marched over to them, a slightly angry frown on his face. When Jimin reached them, he grabbed Taehyung’s arm and dragged him towards the curtains that separated the rest of the room from the backstage area without a word.


“Jiminie? Wha-”


Normally anyone who tried to enter backstage would get stopped by the big, scary-looking security guard and have their access badges checked to make sure they were allowed. But when the security guy took one look at Jimin’s face and stepped to the side, Taehyung started to fear for his life.


“Jimin, what’s going on?” Jin had followed them backstage, Yoongi right behind him.


Jimin ignored them, releasing Taehyung’s arm and facing him. He took a deep breath before speaking, his voice controlled, “What. The hell. Were you thinking?”


“What?” Taehyung didn’t understand why Jimin was upset, “What are you talking about?”


“You know what I’m talking about, Taehyung!”


“No, I really do-”


“Jungkook-oppa, do you have anything to say on the picture of you and Kim Taehyung that was posted on Twitter?” Jimin mumbled a curse under his breath.


“Picture?” Jungkook sounded as confused as Taehyung felt, “I’m not sure what you’re talking about. And where’s your ID?”


Jimin quickly stepped out onto the stage before the girl could continue. He raised his hand and waved to everyone, walking over to Jungkook. “Hey guys! I’m really sorry to cut this panel short, but something serious came up and I need Jungkook to come with me. So if you all don’t mind…” Jimin reached up and grabbed the collar of Jungkook’s shirt, “I’ll just be taking this. Have a good VidCon, everyone!” Taehyung watched as Jimin dragged Jungkook off stage, the younger struggling to stay upright.


Jimin didn’t let go of Jungkook, nor did he stop. He just kept walking, straight out of the door leading from backstage into the hallways. And Taehyung, Jin, and Yoongi kept following Jimin as he navigated through a few hallways until they made it out onto the street. Only then, was Jungkook released.


Into the waiting arms of Namjoon and Hoseok, who swiftly bundled Jungkook into Jin’s “mom van” and Taehyung into the 

Fiat of Hell

.


~


“Will someone please explain to us what the fuck is going on?” Taehyung sat on one of the beds in the hotel room, watching Jungkook as he stood next to Taehyung demanding the reason for the shortened panel and silent car rides. Jimin sat on the other bed across from them, Hoseok next to him. Yoongi sat on the chair in the corner scrolling through his phone and Namjoon and Jin stood near the door talking quietly.


“What picture was that girl talking about?” Taehyung spoke up.


“The kiss, Tae.” Jimin stared at him. “We’re talking about the kiss you two had.”


Taehyung glanced at Jungkook as he sat down on the bed. “You mean...when I kissed him on the forehead at my meet and greet?”


“You kissed him on the forehead?” Hoseok asked.


“Yep, he got a bright red kiss right in the middle of his forehead.” Taehyung couldn’t help but giggle when he remembered the confusion and surprise of Jungkook’s face.


“What? No, that’s not what we’re talking about!” Jimin smacked Hoseok on the arm. “Stay on task, Hoseok-hyung. We are not talking about the apparently, really cute forehead kiss.”


“His reaction was cute…” Taehyung mumbled, Jungkook’s cheeks colored slightly from hearing Taehyung call him cute.


Yoongi stood up abruptly and tossed his phone down on the bed next to Jungkook. “That. That’s what this is about.”


Taehyung leaned over to see the screen when Jungkook grabbed the phone. On the screen was a slightly grainy picture. Taehyung felt kind of ill seeing the image of the two of them in the hallway. Taehyung was pressed flush against Jungkook who had his arm wrapped around Taehyung’s waist. It was very obvious how heated the kiss was, despite the quality of the picture.


“What were you two thinking?” Namjoon and Jin had joined everyone.


“They weren’t thinking. That much is obvious.” Yoongi spat.


“I don’t understand why this is such a big deal. All we did was kiss. What’s so wrong with that?” Jungkook asked.


“It’s not that you guys kissed, Jungkook.” Jimin sighed. “It’s that you did it in a public place full of your fans. The backlash from this could actually destroy both of your careers. Fans can be great, they help you reach new heights and achieve goals with their support. But that support could turn on you so fast that you’ll get whiplash.”


“Not to mention the fact that we live in Korea and even though homosexuality is becoming more accepted, there are still plenty people against it.” Jin added.


“So...you’re saying we just shouldn’t kiss in public?” Taehyung asked, glancing at the boy next to him.


Jungkook was silent, his head lowered as he stared at the picture on Yoongi’s phone. Taehyung gently touched Jungkook’s arm to get his attention, but with how quickly Jungkook flinched away, it would almost seem the touch had burned. Taehyung pulled his hand back and watched Jungkook bite at his lower lip, finally shutting off the phone.


“It might be best if we forgot this ever happened,” Jungkook murmured, not meeting Taehyung’s gaze. The words at least brought a sigh of relief to the older’s lips. “And I think we should avoid each other as much as possible. To avoid any rumours.”


Taehyung’s blood ran cold at the words, his lips parting and his eyes widening. Shock was evident on his features.


“Just… act like we don’t know each other? That we’re strangers?” Taehyung whispered, his hands clenching into fists.


“We are strangers,” Jungkook stated, his voice low and Taehyung could hear a slight hint of regret to his words.


“Jungkook, you don’t want that, righ-“


“Well we don’t have much of a choice do we?!” The youngest snapped, his eyes closed and his head lowered. He turned his head away and let out a shaky breath. “I don’t want this, Tae. But it’s what we have to do…”


Silence filled the room, suffocating Taehyung as he slowly stood up, his head lowered and his eyes on the floor.


“I… I guess it is…” He picked up his jacket and his bag from the convention, biting his lip. He glanced up at Jimin for a moment, seeing a look of concern in his eyes. “I’m leaving. I guess I’ll see you guys tomorrow.” 


Jimin gently touched his arm and lifted Taehyung’s face to look at him properly.


“We’re doing what’s best for you and your career. We aren’t doing this to hurt you,” he whispered. The words didn’t help the dull ache in Taehyung’s heart as he pulled away from his best friend, shaking his head. He made his way to the door and stopped for moment, his hand resting on the door frame.


“It was nice meeting you, Jungkook. I wish you the best.” Taehyung could hear Hoseok and Namjoon walking out behind him. Neither said anything, but Taehyung found comfort in the arm wrapped around his waist on the way to their room, Hoseok rubbing soothing circles against his back.


Taehyung had fallen asleep that night with Hoseok running a hand gently through his hair, helping him to relax after the emotional day.





Chapter 4
Chapter Summary
“TaeTae… You don’t even know him that well…” Jimin sighed as he leaned forward, elbows resting on his knees as he looked at Taehyung. The younger still didn’t meet Jimin’s gaze, now organizing all his brushes into their regular spots.“Yeah, and you made sure that I wouldn’t get to,” Taehyung muttered, a harsh bite to his tone as he picked up a makeup wipe and beginning to take off the makeup he’d put on not even twenty minutes earlier. With where the conversation seemed to be going, he didn’t think he’d be finishing his video anytime soon. 
((A short chapter today! ^^))




Setting his bags down on the couch, Taehyung sighed softly. Vidcon had taken a lot out of him, leaving him tried and with an ever present ache in his chest. He’d tried to go see Jungkook a couple times after the first day, but it seemed Jimin had always wanted something the moment he noticed Taehyung even looking in Jungkook direction. 


Taehyung felt like he could sleep for the next couple days. 


The weekend at Vidcon had really brought a few things to light. Taehyung had followed Jungkook for almost two years and had found himself with what he thought was an innocent crush soon after finding his account. He’d wanted to meet the model for so long, he’d dreamed of it.


And now that he had, Taehyung wasn’t sure what to think. He’d thought it was just a harmless crush, something controllable. But after the kiss and after being told to avoid each other, Taehyung hadn’t been able to shake the feeling that there was so much more. So much more behind what he was feeling. 


How there could be more between them. 


Shaking his head to rid himself of the thoughts, Taehyung made his way to the bedroom, running his fingers through his messy hair. As he moved the bamboo curtains to his room out of the way, Taehyung paused when he looked at his vanity, set up in front of the large windows in his living room. He bit at his lip for a moment before deciding that doing a couple videos would help take his mind off of things for a bit. He hadn’t done a good makeup tutorial in a while.


Once Taehyung has changed into a loose, white dress shirt and had pulled his hair back with a red bandana, he sat down at his vanity, setting up his camera and pulling open the drawer of his lipsticks.


He knew he’d be here a while.


~


Taehyung didn’t hear the door open over the sound of Lo-Fi hip hop that drifted through his apartment as he let the powder set on his face. He also didn’t notice as Jimin walked up behind him, glancing over Taehyung’s shoulder to look at his phone, watching him scroll through Jungkook’s instagram profile, his foot tapping to the beat of the song.


“Um, nope~” Jimin singsonged as he plucked the phone from Taehyung’s hands, closing the app and shutting off the phone. “You really shouldn’t be looking at his profile if you’re trying to avoid him. It’s just gonna make you want to go see him.”


Taehyung looked up at Jimin and frowned a bit, eyebrows furrowed. Jimin couldn’t help the snort that came out as he saw Taehyung’s face with the setting powder on, making him look ridiculous. With a huff, Taehyung turned back around and grabbed his powder brush, swiping all the excess powder off of his face. Once it was gone, he turned back around and looked at Jimin.


“I really don’t see how looking at his Insta is going to change anything…” Taehyung muttered, turning his eyes back to the vanity, playing with one of his eyeshadow brushes distractedly. Out of the corner of his eyes, Taehyung saw Jimin sit down on the couch, not too far away, setting down a bag that Taehyung guessed contained food from Jin.


“TaeTae… You don’t even know him that well…” Jimin sighed as he leaned forward, elbows resting on his knees as he looked at Taehyung. The younger still didn’t meet Jimin’s gaze, now organizing all his brushes into their regular spots.


“Yeah, and 

you

 made sure that I wouldn’t get to,” Taehyung muttered, a harsh bite to his tone as he picked up a makeup wipe and beginning to take off the makeup he’d put on not even twenty minutes earlier. With where the conversation seemed to be going, he didn’t think he’d be finishing his video anytime soon. 


“I was trying to help you guys protect your image, Tae,” Jimin responded, his tone calm and collected. Taehyung finally turned toward Jimin, though he wasn’t meeting the other’s gaze.


“And what if there was more between us than you thought, Jimin?” Taehyung’s eyebrows furrowed as he stared at the ground, knowing this probably wasn’t the best way to go about this. But he couldn’t seem to stop. He was mad and needed to get it out, even if he knew this wasn’t how to do it.


“Tae, you two are practically strangers. There’s not anything more.”


“Oh, there isn’t? And you get to decide that?!” Taehyung lifted his eyes to look at Jimin, standing up from his seat at the vanity. Jimin’s eyes widened a bit as he watched Taehyung step closer, seeming a bit nervous with the look of anger in the younger’s eyes. “You didn’t see how he looked at me, you didn’t feel how he held me or kissed me! You are not me and you do not get to decide what I feel!”


Jimin stayed silent, pressing his lips together. It was evident that he didn’t want to snap at Taehyung and was holding himself back from doing so. Taehyung was trying to find someone to blame and Jimin seemed to show up at the perfect time.


“TaeTae… Please stop yelling. This isn’t going to solve anything…” Jimin said softly, walking toward Taehyung to gently push his hair back, a frown on his lips. Taehyung stepped back and looked down at Jimin, hands clenched into fists at his sides.


“Why is it that you get to be happy with Yoongi-hyung but I can’t have the slightest bit of happiness with Jungkook?” Taehyung asked lowly, keeping his voice to a reasonable level now. Jimin played with the sleeves of his striped shirt, pulling at a loose thread as he looked away from Taehyung’s intense gaze.


“You know Yoongi and I aren’t as popular as you two… People would react badly to the two of you getting together, not just because you’re both men, but because of your fanbase. You could lose enough of your fanbase to pull you from getting paid. And Jungkook could get pulled from promo shoots,” Jimin whispered as he looked down at Taehyung’s phone, still in his hand, biting at his lower lip. “It’s what’s best for you two.”


“You don’t know what’s best,” Taehyung murmured as he pulled his phone from Jimin’s grasp before turning to his room and walking away from the older. “You should leave.”


“TaeT-”


“Get out.” The intensity behind the command caused Jimin to step back, looking at his friend’s back. Even though Taehyung couldn’t see it, Jimin nodded slowly and made his way to the door. Taehyung waited until he heard the front door close before he sighed and lowered his head, his phone held in a tight grip. His hands were shaking and with a broken cry, Taehyung threw the phone towards his room, the device knocking some of the bamboo curtains from the door frame before it could be heard hitting the wall. Silence filled the apartment as Taehyung hung his head, a shaky breath leaving his lips.


He really did need to sleep for the next couple days. Maybe more.




Chapter 5
Chapter Summary
Jungkook nodded slowly and watched Yoongi glance over at the phone lying on the bed, still turned on from before Jungkook fell asleep. It was playing through a playlist of Taehyung’s lip art tutorials. “It helps me sleep,” Jungkook defended before Yoongi could even say anything. A look of pity came across Yoongi’s face as he picked up the phone and turned it off, setting it aside.“But I don’t think it’s helping with everything else, is it?” Yoongi said softly as he shifted closer until Jungkook could rest his head on Yoongi’s shoulder, his eyes closing.




A knocking on his door pulled Jungkook from his nap, jolting him awake. Yoongi opened the door and stepped inside, frowning. 


“Jungkook-ah…” he murmured as he walked over to Jungkook’s bed and sat down, lifting a hand to push the tired boy’s hair from his face. He blinked sleepy eyes up at his hyung, humming softly at the feeling of the hand in his hair. “You should have something to eat… maybe we can go out and get some food before you do the photos with Jimin.”


Jungkook nodded slowly and watched Yoongi glance over at the phone lying on the bed, still turned on from before Jungkook fell asleep. It was playing through a playlist of Taehyung’s lip art tutorials. 


“It helps me sleep,” Jungkook defended before Yoongi could even say anything. A look of pity came across Yoongi’s face as he picked up the phone and turned it off, setting it aside.


“But I don’t think it’s helping with everything else, is it?” Yoongi said softly as he shifted closer until Jungkook could rest his head on Yoongi’s shoulder, his eyes closing.


“I really wish things had gone differently… I shouldn’t have kissed him,” Jungkook breathed as he leaned against Yoongi, the older running his fingers through Jungkook’s soft hair.


“I know. I wish they had too. If you had taken it slower, the fans could have been eased into it…” Yoongi whispered as he pressed a soft kiss to Jungkook’s forehead. “But let’s not talk about this now. Let’s get your mind off of this. Let’s go get food.”


Jungkook laughed softly as he lifted his head to look at Yoongi before nodding, pushing himself off the bed and picking up his phone. 


“Just let me get changed, okay?” Jungkook murmured as he walked to his closet. Yoongi ruffled Jungkook’s hair as he walked past him into the living room.


~


“You’re literally wearing the exact same thing,” Yoongi laughed as he looked at Jungkook, dressed in a white shirt, ripped skinny jeans and a pair of Timberlands. 


“Excuse you. I was wearing sweatpants before,” Jungkook huffed as he crossed his arms over his chest, a pout on his lips. “You just don’t know fashion, Mister 

I-only-wear-the-colour-black

!”


Yoongi took a moment to look down at his black ripped jeans, tucked in black shirt and leather jacket. After a moment, he kicked off his combat boots - which were also black - to reveal some pink and blue striped socks.


“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Yoongi pointed at his feet before slipping his boots back on. On their way from the apartment, Yoongi grabbed a hat quickly and pulled his hair back under it, putting it on backwards. Jungkook smiled down at his hyung, his hand gently touching Yoongi’s back as he lead him from the apartment.


Once outside, Jungkook lowered his hand, gently holding Yoongi’s sleeve as they walked down the street. Yoongi was leading the way, the two of them walking side by side down the street.


“It’s not far from the apartment, so I figured we could walk.” Yoongi hummed as they passed a few girls who seemed to be staring at Jungkook. Yoongi looked up at the younger, frowning slightly. “Hey, you forgot your mask…” He murmured.


Jungkook lifted his hand to touch his bare face before patting his pockets to signal he didn’t have one on him. Yoongi sighed and pulled the boy a bit faster, wanting to avoid any fans at the moment.


“It’s fine. We don’t have much further anyways,” Yoongi said as he pulled Jungkook across the street, Jungkook’s grip tightening on Yoongi’s sleeve until they got to the other side, holding Yoongi close to him. 


It wasn’t long until Yoongi pushed opened the door to a nearby café, one that Jungkook had never been to. He stopped, however when he saw the dogs playing around inside.


“A dog café. I thought you’d like it,” Yoongi smiled as he stepped further in, kneeling down to pick up a small puppy that had run toward him, petting the fluffy, brown animal. Jungkook smiled as he walked over to a Labrador dog, looking at him with its tail wagging. He leaned down to pet the big dog, watching its eyes close as he scratched behind his ear. 


There were people sitting at the tables, chatting and having a good time, the occasional sound of a fork on a plate or spoon hitting the edge of a mug. It was calming.


Jungkook was just relaxing, petting the dog that was now pressed close enough to be sitting in his lap when a harsh scraping sound rang through the small building. He looked up to find Taehyung standing at a nearby table, with Namjoon and Hoseok. He was staring at Jungkook, his hands flat on the surface in front of him. Hoseok turned for a moment to see Jungkook slowly getting to his feet.


“TaeTae, just sit down. It’s okay,” Hoseok said softly, his hand taking Taehyung’s wrist. Ignoring his words, Taehyung pulled his arm away quickly and picked up his bag. Hoseok was now getting to his feet, trying to convince Taehyung that he didn’t have to leave. Jungkook wanted to say something, anything, but he couldn’t find the right words to say. Without saying a word, Taehyung pushed past Hoseok and made his way to the door, his head down and his lower lip pulled between his teeth. When the door closed, Jungkook sighed and lowered his gaze to the floor, the ache in his chest coming back.


Hoseok looked at Namjoon as he sat down again, unsure of what to say. Yoongi gently touched Jungkook’s arm, bringing him to lift his head. 


“Hey, let’s get some coffee, okay? Then we can sit with Namjoon and Hoseok. I know you love their channel,” Yoongi said softly as he lead Jungkook over to the counter, a worried look on his face when he saw how upset Jungkook looked. The younger found his hand holding onto Yoongi’s sleeve again, his eyes back on the floor.


~


Jin stood in front of the door, nervously shifting his weight from either foot. He raised the key to unlock the door before lowering it for the fifth time. He sighed and leaned forward until his forehead met the wood. “Come on, you can do it. I’m sure he won’t just kick you out. Just open the door.”


Pushing himself away from the door, Jin lifted the key and finally inserted it into the lock. He took a deep breath before turning it and pushing the door open.


“TaeTae?” Jin called as he stepped into the apartment. The first thing he noticed was the TV in the living room playing 

Goblin

. Jin slipped off his shoes and walked further into the apartment, past the kitchen. He neared the end of the counter and that’s when he finally spotted Taehyung. The younger was curled up in the corner of his couch, blankets wrapped around him in a half-hearted attempt at a human burrito, holding a carton of 

Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough

 ice cream.


“Oh, sweetheart…” Jin whispered as he approached the couch. He noticed that Taehyung’s eyes were red and puffy. He must’ve been crying. Jin sat down on the couch and gently took the carton from the other, setting it on the floor. He reached forward and wrapped his arms around Taehyung, who was unresponsive for a moment before he shifted to lean against Jin’s chest. The blankets slipped off of Taehyung, revealing the obviously worn t-shirt and sweatpants. Jin rubbed his hand in soothing circles on Taehyung’s back, waiting to see if the younger would say anything. They sat together quietly, partially paying attention to the drama on the TV.


“It isn’t fair, hyung…” Taehyung finally muttered into Jin’s chest. “It isn’t fair at all. Jimin gets to be happy with Yoongi-hyung, while I can’t even 

attempt

 to be with someone.”


Jin didn’t say anything, just listened quietly, his hand moving to pet Taehyung’s hair.


“I saw him yesterday, you know.” Jin nodded, because yes, he did know. Namjoon had informed him about what had transpired at the café. “I didn’t see him walk in, so when I looked up and there he was, sitting on the floor petting that dog, my heart just seemed to break a little. I wanted so badly to go over there and talk to him. Hell, I would’ve been happy just to sit with him.” Taehyung sighed and Jin winced at the sadness he heard in that one, small sound.


“TaeTae, I-”


“I didn’t get up as soon as I saw him. I couldn’t.” Taehyung kept going as if Jin hadn’t said anything, “He had a small smile on his face as he looked at that dog in his lap. It hurt, how happy my heart felt seeing that. But we can’t see each other and we can’t be seen in the same place. So I left. I stood up, ignored Hobi when he tried to stop me, ignored the look on Jungkook’s face when I walked past him, and walked out the door.” Jin just hugged him closer, not knowing what to say


“It hurt so much…” Taehyung’s voice broke. “It’s not fair!”  New tears started streaming down Taehyung’s face. “We didn’t even get a chance…”


“I know…” Jin cradled the crying boy close to his chest. This broke his heart. “I know.”


~


“I’m starting to think that it was a mistake.” Jin was now with Namjoon and Hoseok, having needed someone to talk to about what he had seen after checking in on Taehyung. Taehyung had cried until he had run out of tears and fallen asleep. After some struggle, Jin had managed to get Taehyung into his bed. He had spent some time preparing a meal that Taehyung would only have to cook for a short while in the oven. He also left a note, leaving behind instructions for the meal and also some kind words of encouragement. “We shouldn’t have encouraged them in completely avoiding each other. It’s only been a few weeks, but it’s starting to tear Taehyung up inside. And from what I’ve been hearing from Jimin, Jungkook isn't doing much better.”


“It’s a delicate situation, Jin.” Namjoon sighed. “Because they weren’t careful and didn’t take their time, that picture affected their chances of any relationship greatly. They have to tread carefully now. Granted, completely avoiding each other and pretending that the kiss never happened was not the best choice they could have made for dealing with this.”


Hoseok spoke up. “It did seem like it was really the only option at the time, though. Their response, or lack of, to the picture needed to occur quickly. At that moment, they had to act fast, considering we were at VidCon surrounded by fans who were going to be watching closely.”


“And none of us could have guessed how this…solution would affect either of them.” Namjoon added.


Jin leaned forward to rest his elbows on his knees.“Well, we might have to intervene or something soon. Things have gotten worse than we thought. I mean, I understand it was bad to begin with, but this is really bad.”




Chapter 6
Chapter Summary
“Because I have....someone...coming over for dinner.”“Oh? And it’s so important that I’m gone,” Jin didn’t even bother trying to deny it anymore, “So you can have a mysterious person join you for dinner? Who could that be I wonder?” The look Jimin gave Jin was one that said tell me or I’m not leaving. Jin hesitated before answering.“It’s...Namjoon.” Jin cursed the slight waiver in his voice and hoped that Jimin didn’t notice.“Nam-” Jimin blinked. “Oh. Oh, I see. Okay, yeah, I’ll text Yoongi-hyung and ask if he’s free to go on an impromptu date.”
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





“Hey, Jimin?” Jin walked into the room designated as Jimin’s “studio”, tapping his phone onto the palm of his hand. The younger was at his desk, his laptop open to edit some footage of his soon-to-be new video.


“Hmm?”


“Do you have any plans for tonight?”


“Nothing other than editing this video, which I’m almost done with.” Jimin looked at Jin over his shoulder before focusing on his computer again. “Why, hyung? Did you have something you wanted to do?”


“No, I was just thinking that since you don’t have anything planned,” Jin shifted on his feet. “Maybe you and Yoongi could go out tonight?”


“What?” Jimin turned around to look at his roommate suspiciously, “I mean, I like the idea, but it sounds like you’re trying to get me out of here.”


“What? Why do you say that?”


“Because you were complaining about how much time I’m spending with Yoongi-hyung and not with you. So, why are you trying to get me out of the house?”


“Because I have....someone...coming over for dinner.”


“Oh? And it’s so important that I’m gone,” Jin didn’t even bother trying to deny it anymore, “So you can have a mysterious person join you for dinner? Who could that be I wonder?” The look Jimin gave Jin was one that said 

tell me or I’m not leaving

. Jin hesitated before answering.


“It’s...Namjoon.” Jin cursed the slight waiver in his voice and hoped that Jimin didn’t notice.


“Nam-” Jimin blinked. “Oh. 

Oh

, I see. Okay, yeah, I’ll text Yoongi-hyung and ask if he’s free to go on an impromptu date.”


“I already did. He’s got a secret place to take you and will be here by six. So...” Jin checked the time on his phone. “You have a little over an hour to get ready.”


“What?! Hyung! I’m nowhere close to looking decent enough to leave the apartment, let alone go on a date!” Jimin stood up from his desk and dashed from the room, yelling over his shoulder, “Why couldn’t you have told me this sooner?!”


Before Jin could answer, he heard the door to Jimin’s room slam shut in the other’s hurry. He opened his messaging app as he walked to the kitchen, bring up his conversation with Taehyung. He quickly typed out a new message.



Hey, TaeTae~ I know you’ve been feeling a little down, so I thought some quality friend-time with me, Joonie, and Hobi might do you some good. Jimin’s out tonight, so I thought you could come over and we’ll all have dinner. Sound good?



As soon as he hit send, Jin backed out of his conversation with Taehyung and opened up his rarely used one with Jungkook.



Jungkookie! I know you’ve been a bit down, so how about you come over to my apartment and have dinner with me, Namjoon, and Hoseok. You told me you love their channel, so this is an opportunity to talk to them more! Join us?



Then he turned on his notifications, set down his phone, and got to work cooking up the dinner he had planned. He paused only when his phone beeped and checked his messages to see one from Namjoon.



We still on for tonight?



Just as he was about to type a reply, a message appeared at the top of his phone. It was an agreement from Taehyung and just a few moments later, he received another confirmation from Jungkook. They could both make it to dinner tonight.



We’re all set ;)



~


Taehyung raised his hand and started knocking repeatedly. He didn’t cease even when Jin opened the door, his hand following the door to continue rapping on the wood. “Hi, hyung!”


“Taehyung!” Jin yelled, grabbing the other’s hand. “You can stop knocking, I know you’re here.”


Taehyung just grinned and walked into the apartment, sniffing the air. “Whatcha cookin’, Jin-hyung? It’s smells really good!”


“I made Japchae with beef and Tteok Sanjeok. Plus I have a surprise for dessert.” Jin closed the door.


“Oh, sounds super delicious!” Taehyung’s mouth was watering just thinking about the food. “Where are Hoseokie-hyung and Joon-hyung?”


“They’re running a bit late, but they’ll be here soon. What do you want to drink?” Jin started towards the kitchen.


“Just water is good,” Taehyung headed for the hallway, calling over his shoulder, “I’ve gotta use the bathroom, hyung.”


“Hey, I’m really glad you could make it!” Taehyung stopped in front of the bathroom door when he heard Jin speaking from the living room. He checked over his shoulder to see who he was talking to, whether it were Namjoon or Hoseok. 


“Thanks, hyung. I’m glad you invited me.” The voice caused Taehyung to stop for a moment. 



It can’t be him…



Taehyung was almost scared to turn around. If he didn’t turn around and didn’t see him, then it wouldn’t be real. Right?


“To be honest, your text surprised me. I thought I’d just be spending another night home alone binging YouTube.” That was definitely 

his

 voice.


“Of course! Jimin’s told me that you’ve been a little down lately, so I thought that a small get together would be fun.”


Taehyung turned around quietly, far enough down the hallway that he was still unseen. He glanced at the doors lining the hall and finally decided on a course of action. He started to creep forward, constantly stealing glances at the familiar figure in the living room, who currently had his back to him.



If I could just get to Jin-hyung’s room…



Taehyung was almost there, so close that he could almost reach the door handle, when it happened.


“T-Tae?” Jungkook’s voice.


Taehyung stopped in his tracks, his blood going cold, before turning to look at the younger boy who almost looked like he had seen a ghost.


“What are you doing here?” They spoke in unison, though Taehyung’s voice came out harsher than he meant.Jungkook flinched at the tone and Taehyung immediately regretted how he had spoken. They both looked to Jin, whose gaze was darting between the two of them, for some kind of explanation.


“You two need to talk!” Jin practically shouted in exasperation before darting through the front door. His muffled voice filtered through the door, “And I’m not letting either of you leave until that happens.”


Taehyung tore his gaze from the door to look at Jungkook, who turned a moment later and met his gaze. It took all of two seconds for them to look away.


“Yeah, screw this.” Taehyung muttered and walked into Jin’s bedroom, intent on using the fire escape to, well, 

escape

. That is, until he saw Hoseok with one foot on the windowsill, stretching his leg. “What?”


Hoseok turned his head slightly, still maintaining his stretching position. “Hiya, TaeTae! Sorry, can’t use this way to leave. Guess you gotta go talk Jungkookie.”


Taehyung just stared at him as he wordlessly backed out of the room. He joined Jungkook, who was now sitting on the loveseat in the living room, and sat across from him in the white, crocheted, hanging chair.


“So...Hobi-hyung is in the bedroom, guarding access to the fire escape currently.” Taehyung mentioned aimlessly. He shrugged.


“I think Namjoon-hyung is in the kitchen. It sounded like a glass or something broke while you were in the bedroom.”


Taehyung blinked at him for a second, before turning to the kitchen and yelling, “Everything good in there, Joonie-hyung?”


There wasn’t any response for a moment, until a thumbs-up slowly crept out from behind the doorway before disappearing back into the kitchen. Taehyung and Jungkook just looked at each other for a moment before bursting into laughter.


They both took a moment to catch their breath, Taehyung looking at Jungkook with a soft smile as he calmed down a bit, sighing softly.


“I think they’re right,” Jungkook said as he straightened on the loveseat. Taehyung nodded slowly, knowing it would be best but still finding himself hesitant.


“I think what happened was a mistake. The kiss, I mean,” Taehyung murmured as he lowered his gaze to his hands, folded in his lap. “I don’t regret it. You don’t experience a kiss like that very often, but we should have… waited, I guess.” Jungkook looked at Taehyung with wide eyes, his lip pulled between his teeth. Taehyung could see the younger’s bunny teeth poking out and it took everything in him not to coo at how cute Jungkook was.


“I don’t regret it either, but… it would be best not to start a relationship or anything. The rumours are still out there, and I lost a lot more followers than I’d like to admit after this all started…” Jungkook played with the ring on his thumb as he stared at the floor. “But… I want to keep seeing you. Fuck, I’ve been watching your videos just to help me get some rest at night.”


Taehyung was quiet for a moment before a soft laugh left his lips, his shoulders pulling up a bit as he looked at Jungkook with soft eyes.


“That’s cute…” He whispered before he stood up and walked over to the loveseat, dropping himself onto the spot next to Jungkook, looking at him with a boxy grin. “Let’s start over, then.” When Taehyung held out his hand, Jungkook let out a breathy giggle, his nose scrunching up a bit. “Nice to meet you, I’m Kim Taehyung.”


The younger laughed and took the others hand, shaking it firmly as he tried to hold back his little giggles.


“Nice to meet you, Taehyung-hyung. I’m Jeon Jungkook and I think you have really pretty lips,” Jungkook laughed at the name as he smiled at Taehyung, biting his lip. Taehyung watched Jungkook’s eyes glance down at his lips for a moment before lifting back up to meet his gaze.


“Thank you, Jungkook. I have to tell you that you have very nice abs,” Taehyung found himself shifting a bit closer to Jungkook, a bright smile on the olders face. 


The urge to lean into Jungkook was strong and it seemed Jungkook had the same feeling. The two of them leaned closer, Taehyung’s eyes glancing down to the others lips. His eyes were just fluttering closed when the door slammed against the wall and Jin rushed inside, looking at the two boys on the couch.


“Alright, I wanted you here so you would start talking again. Not so you could make out on my couch,” Jin said as they pulled apart quickly, looking up at their hyung, much like children caught with their hands in the cookie jar.


Glancing at each other for a moment before turning back to Jin, they moved apart. Jin smiled as he clapped his hands together and looked at the two of them.


“Okay, now that you two are… talking… Dinner time!”




Chapter End Notes
Just a reminder than you might want to read the tags with every new chapter ^^ We will be adding them as the chapter progress


Chapter 7
Chapter Summary
He reached for his phone and unlocked it, bringing up his conversation with Jimin. He hasn’t talked to him since their...fight. He stared at the screen for a few moments before backing out of the messages and looking for his newest added contact. His message history with Jungkook was non-existent and now could be the time to change that. He typed out a message before deciding he was unsatisfied with the wording. He deleted it and tried again. And then again. The saying of ‘third time’s the charm’ proved true in this situation when he was happy with how the final text message turned out.Jungkook, I got an anime movie, a big bowl of popcorn, and about twenty blankets. You in?



Taehyung sat down on his couch, his eyes drifting from the movie menu on his TV, to the giant bowl of popcorn sitting on the table in front of him, and the to the pile of blankets next to him. It was his designated movie night, yet something was missing. He frowned, confused as to why he couldn’t place what was wrong. That was when his eyes moved beyond the blankets to the empty space on his couch.

 Oh yeah.... 

He reached for his phone and unlocked it, bringing up his conversation with Jimin. He hasn’t talked to him since their...fight. He stared at the screen for a few moments before backing out of the messages and looking for his newest added contact. His message history with Jungkook was non-existent and now could be the time to change that. He typed out a message before deciding he was unsatisfied with the wording. He deleted it and tried again. And then again. The saying of ‘third time’s the charm’ proved true in this situation when he was happy with how the final text message turned out.

 Jungkook, I got an anime movie, a big bowl of popcorn, and about twenty blankets. You in? 

~
Jungkook was lying on his bed, definitely not watching more of Taehyung’s videos, when he received the text. It took him all of five seconds to respond with a  “Be there in 10”  and jump off his bed to his closet. He changed into clean, grey sweatpants, a white t-shirt, and a black hoodie. He checked his hair in the mirror before he grabbed his gym bag and walked out of his room.
“Hey, Yoongi-hyung, Jimin-hyung.” Jungkook pulled on his shoes. “I’m heading out to the gym, don’t exactly know when I’ll be back.”
“At 10 o’clock at night?” Jimin looked kind of worried.
“I’ll be fine, hyung. I’m not a kid.” Jungkook opened the front door. “Don’t wait up for me.”
Jimin started to say something, but Jungkook was already closing the door to cut off his words. It was only when he reached the his car that he realized; he has no idea where Taehyung lives.

 Quick question...Where do you live? 

~
After texting Jungkook his address, Taehyung just sat on his couch. He didn’t exactly know what to do while he waited for Jungkook to arrive. He leaned his head back until he was staring at the ceiling before slowly turning his head one way and the then other. When his eyes landed on his vanity by the window, he gasped and jumped up. Taehyung rushed over to his vanity and opened his top drawer of lipsticks, looking for his favorite one. The place where he kept it, though, was empty. So he opened his second drawer of lipsticks, thinking maybe he had put it in there by mistake. By the time he finished looking through his third drawer without finding it, he was kind of upset.
Taehyung sat down on the white, cube ottoman in front of his vanity and laid his head down, dejected. Until he noticed the tube of lipstick sitting right in front of his face. He sat up so quickly that he fell backwards off his seat. He was up in a second, though, grabbing his favorite lipstick and rubbing his head, wincing at the small bump he felt already forming. Taehyung reseated himself on his ottoman and reached for one of his mirrors.
He only had half of his top lip left to apply lipstick on when there was a knock on his door. It surprised him and he dropped the applicator onto his vanity. He fumbled in picking it up and rushed to finish his lips, as fast as one could when one was trying to avoid making mistakes. The knocks sounded again, this time sounding more hesitant and questioning.
With a quiet curse, Taehyung began to panic a bit, trying to finish as fast as possible. He finally decided that - despite being a bit shaky and a couple spots needed cleaning up - it would have to do. Quickly closing the lipstick, he rushed to the door, more soft curses slipping from his lips. What he wasn’t expecting was for his socks to slide against the hardwood as he tried to stop in front of the door. A sharp yelp left his lips before he ran face-first into the wall, a loud thud shaking the apartment, a picture frame falling behind him somewhere.
He chose to ignore it, focusing on the sharp pain in his nose as he pulled away, lifting a hand to his face. He shook his hair out and straightened before he opened the door, meeting the gaze of a very concerned Jungkook.
“Jesus, Tae! What the fuck were you doing?!” Jungkook exclaimed as he looked over Taehyung’s face before glancing over the others shoulder. Taehyung turned to follow his gaze, looking at where his Golden Play Button was laying on the floor, the frame broken, surrounded by the shattered glass cover.
“You know…  Stuff …” Taehyung hummed as he walked inside, gesturing for Jungkook to follow. Taehyung silently mourned his Play Button as he nudged it out of the way with his foot, careful not to cut himself on the glass as he walked to the couch.
Taehyung wasn’t exactly sure what to say now that Jungkook was here, sitting next to him on his couch. He felt nervous, glancing at the other before he started setting up the movie.
“I wanted to watch  Wolf Children ,” Taehyung murmured as he put the movie in, glancing behind him to see Jungkook smiling brightly, his bunny teeth on full display.
“I love that movie! I’ve watched it too many times to count!” Jungkook said happily as he pulled his legs onto the couch, hugging them against his chest. “I owned the book too!”
Taehyung laughed at how cute Jungkook sounded, trying to hide the pink tint to his cheeks. He finally got the movie set up properly and turned around to find Jungkook staring down at the big bowl of popcorn, picking one out and putting it in his mouth.
“The popcorn is cold,” Jungkook hummed as he chewed the snack, grabbing some more and eating it despite his words. Taehyung sat down next to him and laughed, grabbing some of the popcorn as well.
“I think you’ll live. Now  shhh ! The movie is starting!”
~
“I was watching you the entire time, ” a low voice said from the TV speakers as the couple hugged on the screen.
Over the course of the movie, Taehyung had not-so-subtly moved closer to Jungkook, some of his weight now leaning on the younger. They were now nearing the end of the movie and Taehyung found that no matter how many times he’d watched the movie, he still felt a tight feeling in his chest as he watched the ending. He felt like crying but knew he couldn’t do that while Jungkook was right next to him.
“Yeah, I knew you were, ” a soft voice responded and Taehyung tightened his arms around his torso as he watched, biting at his lower lip to stop himself from tearing up.
His attention was pulled away from the movie when he heard a soft sniffle from next to him, Jungkook’s body shifting a bit. Taehyung turned his head, his eyes landing on a teary eyed Jungkook, his lower lip pulled between his lip as silent tears rolled down his cheeks.
“You doing okay there, Jungkook?” Taehyung laughed softly as he leaned closer, nudging the boy with his elbow. Jungkook let out a breathy giggle as he lifted a hand to wipe off his cheeks.
“Yeah, I’m okay… I just always found this part so beautiful. Even though there’s not much to it, you can see how much they loved each other. How much they still love each other…” Jungkook rubbed at his eyes as he leaned further into the couch, sniffling again. “I want to experience that someday… A love so strong that not even death can tear us apart.”
Taehyung stared up at Jungkook with wide eyes, his lips parted. He wasn’t sure how to respond to the other, so silence seemed like his best option. When Jungkook finally met his gaze, the sound of the movie seemed to fade, Taehyung’s heartbeat drowning it out.
For what seemed like hours but was closer to seconds, there was nothing but Jungkook’s eyes on him. Neither of them spoke.
It wasn’t too much of a surprise when Jungkook cupped Taehyung’s cheeks and pulled him into a slow kiss. That didn’t stop Taehyung’s breath from hitching as he kissed Jungkook back, almost desperately. His fingers curled in the soft fabric of Jungkook’s white shirt, tugging him closer as his lips parted.
In the background, the movie came to an end, the credits now scrolling over the screen, but neither of them seemed to notice and Taehyung moved so he was on Jungkook’s lap, his hands lifting to tangle in the younger’s hair.
Taehyung could feel Jungkook’s hands on his waist as his lips trailed lower until he was pressing open-mouthed kisses on Taehyung’s neck. Jungkook’s fingers lifted up his shirt a bit, his hands warm against Taehyung’s sides. Despite this, he still shivered, but it was more from the younger’s hands on his skin than the cold.
He’d wanted to feel this for so long, having dreamt of how Jungkook’s touch would feel against his skin. And from the way Jungkook was holding him, his fingers tracing across Taehyung’s back, it seemed he’d been craving this feeling as well.
Tipping his head back, Taehyung let out a soft moan as Jungkook dipped a bit lower on his neck, sucking a mark into his skin, not hard enough to leave a dark bruise, but enough to leave a red mark.
The sound seemed to encourage Jungkook to take it a bit further, his hands lifting Taehyung’s loose shirt up to his waist. A soft gasp left Taehyung’s lips as he pulled back a bit, his hands lowering quickly to Jungkook’s arms, stopping the movement.
Their eyes met again and Taehyung tried to steady his breathing a bit, soft pants leaving his lips.
“Are you sure you want to do this…?” Taehyung whispered, his voice low and laced with arousal. It was evident that he didn’t want to stop Jungkook, but a part of him needed to be sure that Jungkook knew what he was doing.
Jungkook looked up at him for a moment before he leaned closer, gently nuzzling his nose again Taehyung’s jaw, his thumb rubbing circles against the older’s side.
“Yes… I do,” Jungkook breathed against Taehyung’s skin. With a quiet moan, Taehyung moved his hands away from Jungkook’s arms, letting the younger tug his shirt off, tossing it across the room.
~
Taehyung lifted his gaze to where Jungkook was sitting on the edge of the bed, reaching down to slip his underwear on. The older lifted himself up a bit, the thin sheets from his bed the only thing covering him as he looked at Jungkook’s bare back.
“You don’t have to go,” Taehyung said softly as he moved closer until he could wrap his arms loosely around Jungkook’s shoulders, pressing a soft kiss to the back of the younger’s neck. Jungkook didn’t move for a moment before he reached down to the floor again, tearing himself from Taehyung’s arms as he pulled on his sweatpants, standing up from the bed.
“No, I… I do,” Jungkook said lowly, not meeting Taehyung’s gaze as he grabbed his shirt from where it had landed on Taehyung’s dresser. He slipped the white t-shirt on again before he pushed some of the bamboo curtains out of the way. Silence filled the small room as Jungkook paused, his hand clenching into a fist at his side. “I’ll… I’ll text you later.”
With those final words, Jungkook walked past the curtain and let the hanging bamboo fall back into its regular spots, swaying slightly. Taehyung watched them shake as the front door closed, an ache in his chest as he drew his knees up. He tried to ignore the feeling as he picked up his phone, opening up his Lo-fi playlist, knowing it would help calm him down a bit.
Soft music played through Taehyung’s bedroom as he rested his head on his pillow, his fingers gently tracing over the warm space where Jungkook had been.



Chapter 8
Chapter Summary
“Jesus, Namjoon.” Jin wheezed, “I said smack him, not spank him.”“That’s kinky.” Hoseok’s voice cracked at the end from his position on the floor.




The sound of the door closing rang through the apartment for what seemed like forever, the bamboo curtains clacking together as they swayed back and forth. Taehyung let out a heavy sigh as he ran his fingers over the pillow next to him before he closed his fingers around the crimson fabric of the pillowcase, pulling it close his chest, his arms and legs wrapping around it. His eyes lifted to the window when he heard a car start up in the parking lot, the apartment lighting up a bit as the vehicle pulled out. Once it turned out of the parking lot and drove off, the room returned to its original state, not a single light on in the room.


Taehyung wanted to say he regretted doing any of this. He wanted to regret letting Jungkook into his apartment every day for the past three weeks, both of them acting like they were only going to watch a movie or have dinner together. Acting like they didn’t know exactly where it would lead. 


Yet every night, Taehyung would let Jungkook in, let Jungkook do whatever he wished, because for just a moment, he could believe he belonged to Jungkook. In a way, he already did. 


A part of his heart belonged to Jungkook.


It seemed, however, that it was not mutual, with how Taehyung was always alone at the end of the night, curled up on his bed as Jungkook took his clothes and left.


Taehyung was drifting off when his phone buzzed next to him, the bright screen lighting up the entire room. He squinted at the device for a moment before he made out the words 

Beyond the Scene

 and 

Livestream

.


He couldn’t stop the smile that came to his lips as he reached over to his bedside table, pulling his laptop onto the bed before opening it up. He knew that one of Namjoon and Hoseok’s livestreams could distract him, even if only for a moment. 


He navigated to the video and watched it load up, the message saying the stream would begin in a few minutes currently on the screen. 


Taehyung refreshed the page, hoping that his internet connection wouldn’t cause him to miss the beginning of the stream. When the page loaded, he jerked back in surprise. Hoseok was as close to the camera as possible, his eyes the only thing you could really see, wide and staring.


“Hey~” Hoseok whispered, “Welcome~ to ‘Beyond the 

Stream

’!” He started giggling, his eyes practically closed from his smile. A hand was glimpsed in the bottom right corner that wasn’t blocked by his face, disappearing behind his head. A sharp 

THWACK

 resounded and Hoseok disappeared from the screen, yelping in pain. Namjoon was revealed, sitting back in his seat and frowning at Hoseok in mock annoyance. The sound of a high pitched laugh came from off screen, followed by soft claps. This pulled Namjoon’s attention away from Hoseok and he smiled a bit. 


“Great start to the stream already… Let’s move on,” Namjoon murmured as he reached toward the camera and zoomed it out until a third person was visible on the couch. “As you can probably tell from the title, Jin from 

EatJin

 will be joining us today! We’ve got links for his channel and his Instagram down below.”


Jin waved when his name was mentioned, a smile on his plump lips before he cleared his throat, sitting up straighter.


“The boys texted me before the stream and asked what we wanted to play. After a bit of arguing, Hobi suggested that we play 

The Sims 4

 since you guys had been requesting it for a while,” Jin smiled as he looked over at Hoseok who was now sitting up, a hand on the back of his head. Giggling softly, Jin gently rubbed Hoseok’s back before he reached toward the computer, starting up the screen capture.


“We decided to just make the Sims before we started ‘cause we knew it would take a while,” Hoseok smiled as he opened up the game.


“It only took so long because you took over an hour on Jin-hyung’s Sim!” Namjoon exclaimed as he took the mouse from Hoseok, a playful smile on his lips.


“I mean, that’s a reasonable amount of time to capture this beauty,” Jin huffed as he gestured to his face, his lips pushed out in a pout. Hoseok looked at Jin for a moment before turning back to Namjoon and nodding.


“Hyung is right. He’s beautiful,” Hoseok hummed before he seemed to realize his words, his cheeks staining a bright pink as he turned back to the computer. “Moving on! Um… Yeah, so we decided that we’d make each other’s Sims before the stream. So, we’ll go through and quickly show each Sim before we start up the game.”


“Hobi, why don’t you go first?” Namjoon suggested. He focused on the camera, “Now, none of us know what the others’ Sims look like, so it’ll be a surprise for everyone.”


“Okay, so I think that my portrayal of Jin-hyung is pretty accurate, if I do say so myself.” Hoseok adjusted the stream so that the three of them were displayed in the top-right corner of the screen, the main focus being 

The Sims 4

.


The game loaded for a moment before it opened to 

Create-A-Sim

, the Sim that Hoseok had created standing there with a face that was very clearly Jin. It was the body though, that drew a half-screech, half-choked sound from the real Jin. The shoulders were stretched as far as the game would allow while the waist was drawn in as much as possible, making an extremely exaggerated Dorito-shaped body. As Jin stared in horror at the screen, Hoseok was doubled over in laughter and Namjoon was failing miserably at keeping his face straight.


“Namjoon,” Jin finally spoke in a very sweet, very fake, voice, “would you be a dear and kindly smack Hoseok for me?”


Hoseok’s laughter immediately stopped and he whined, “Aw, come on, Hyung. It’s not 

that

 bad!”


Jin didn’t respond and just stared unblinkingly at Namjoon, who shrugged. “Sorry, Hobi. Nothing personal, but I have my orders and I’m not going down with you.” He raised his hand dramatically and Hoseok quickly grabbed it with both of his in a pleading manner.


“You know, I think that maybe we should consider moving onto the next person…” With every word, Hoseok’s position on the couch shifted slightly until his feet were directly under him. Then, with no warning, he jumped up and off the couch. Namjoon had scrambled to smack Hoseok in the head again, but when Hoseok jumped, Namjoon had managed to instead smack Hoseok square on the butt.


Hoseok landed face-first on the ground and Jin was losing it on the far side of the couch as Namjoon stared wide-eyed and red-faced into the camera.


“Jesus, Namjoon.” Jin wheezed, “I said smack him, not spank him.”


“That’s kinky.” Hoseok’s voice cracked at the end from his position on the floor.


Namjoon covered his face with his hands. “This livestream’s already a trainwreck and we’re not even ten minutes in.”


Hoseok was recovered from the floor and they moved onto Namjoon’s Sim of Hoseok. Namjoon had been the only one to use any mods for the game, having downloaded one so Hoseok’s Sim had a small fuzzy pouch attached to any pants he wore, no matter the outfit. Then it came to Jin’s turn, where he opened up a very normal looking Sim with a very distinct likeness to Namjoon. 


“There was no options to make the legs really long, so I just stuck with this,” Jin explained, gesturing to the screen.


Once all the Sims had been introduced, they’d started up the game, moving the trio into the cheapest house possible. After checking the comments to see what to do first, they decided to just sit back for a bit and let the Sims control themselves.


It was uneventful for the most part, except for when the Sim version of Hoseok walked in on Namjoon’s Sim in the shower.


“Hey! I did that just last week!” Hoseok pointed at the screen and Namjoon groaned.


“Ugh...don’t remind me…”


They ignored any questions regarding that certain situation and continued to interact with their fans. All three of them were in the middle of explaining an elaborate story of how Namjoon had managed to ruin one of Jin’s best pans on one of their many collaborations when the live chat started blowing up about something happening in the game. Jin’s Sim had moved closer to Namjoon and was currently trying to make a move while Hoseok was passed out on the couch behind them.


Hoseok was the first to react, a loud laugh leaving his lips as he leaned closer to the screen, eyes bright as he watched the Sims lean in for a kiss. He turned around to look at Namjoon and Jin only to find both of them staring wide-eyed at their Sims, a small yelp leaving Jin’s lips as the Sims kissed. 


“Oh my god, you’re blushing!” Hoseok practically screamed as he held Namjoon’s face in his hands, laughing excitedly. Namjoon was quick to push Hoseok’s hands away as Jin seemed to compose himself a bit. 


“I think we should play something else,” Jin said weakly as he turned his attention towards Hoseok. 


“Oh, come on! It’s just getting exciting!” Hoseok pouted as he turned his eyes back to the computer. He saw Jin and Namjoon’s Sims walking away from the living room and then looked at the purple message in the corner of the screen.



Break out the candles! Make it romantic! Kim Seokjin is about to WooHoo for the first time!



With a panicked screech, Jin jumped forward and grabbed the mouse, quitting the game as quickly as he could.


“New game! Definitely a new game!” Jin breathed, looking back at Namjoon, who was still sitting completely still, the look of shock still on his face. “Preferably one that doesn’t break Namjoon…”


“...Fine.” Hoseok pouted. “So, we have a list of games that we were planning on playing today. How about we make a poll on Twitter so everyone can vote?” Hoseok switched the background of the stream so that it was a meme image of Jin yelling as he spoke before logging into Twitter. As he worked quickly to create the poll, Namjoon recovered from his ‘mental break’ and was interacting with Jin and the fans once again.


“Okay!” Hoseok threw up his hands. “It is finished. You guys only have five minutes to vote, so you better hurry if you want a say in what we play.”


“What should we do while we wait?” Namjoon looked at the camera.


“I’ve got an idea…” Hoseok lowered his hands and rubbed them together mischievously. “We should decide on...punishments!”


Namjoon groaned at the suggestion, no doubt remembering the last punishment, while Jin looked intrigued as he leaned in to read the chat.


“Everyone seems happy with that suggestion, Hobi.” Jin chuckled at few of the comments. “In fact, there are already some suggestions. ‘

Loser wears leggings for the next livestream!

’ from 

NamjoonsFlatAss 

and ‘

Ghost pepper challenge

’ from 

BootyliciousHobi

.” Jin paused and looked at the camera. “I feel like you guys planned that somehow.”


Hoseok joined Jin in reading the offered punishments. “Wow, someone really wants to see one of us with a perm.” He gestured for Namjoon to join them.


“Wait,” the youngest pointed to a comment, “what about this suggestion of ‘

Winner picks the punishment for the loser

’.”


“Hmm...that could be fun!” Hoseok agreed.


“Even more reason to win, certainly.” Jin nodded.


“Thanks, 

HopeInTheSheets

, for the idea!” Namjoon sent a thumbs-up to the camera.


Jin opened his mouth to say something, but he was interrupted by 

Despacito

 suddenly blaring from Hoseok’s butt. Hoseok practically jumped into Jin’s lap at the suddenness of the music. He retrieved his phone from his back pocket and, instead of shutting off the alarm, proceeded to dance to the song.


“

Hobi

,” Namjoon looked at Hoseok meaningfully, “will you shut off the alarm so we don’t get copyrighted? And please...stop giving Jin a lap dance?”


Hoseok froze, fingers flying to stop the alarm as his face steadily gained a red tint with every passing second. He carefully moved back to his spot in the middle of the couch before clearing his throat. “Okay...so, that was the timer for the end of the poll. We should check the results?”


The end of his sentence sounded more like a plea of “Can we please move on?”. 


Namjoon seemed to catch on and was quick to open up Twitter, bringing it up on the livestream.


“And it looks like 

Mario Kart

 won!” At these words, a loud cheer sounded from Jin as he clapped his hands happily.


“I’m going to kick your ass!” He exclaimed as he quickly went to turn on the system. 


It was no secret that Jin played any and every Mario game in existence, with the amount of pictures on his Instagram of the plumber. A small look of worry flashed across Namjoon’s face, but Hoseok seemed to almost look confident, picking up one of the controllers.


“I’m sure you will, Hyung,” Hoseok hummed, disbelief in his tone. Jin didn’t seem to notice as he handed the last controller to Namjoon before sitting down. The youngest of the three reached toward their set-up and put the screen capture on Wii, the title screen for 

Mario Kart Wii

 now the main focus.


They set up the game, each picking a character and a cart, Namjoon as Toad, Hoseok as Yoshi, and Jin as Mario. When they got to the track selection, Hoseok seemed to hesitate for a moment before he began to scroll through the options quickly, looking at Jin.


“Tell me when to stop,” he smiled, watching as Jin stared intently at the screen, eyes narrowing a bit. He seemed to be waiting, trying to time it just right.


“Stop!” Hoseok immediately let go of the button, watching it stop on 

Special Cup

. Jin let out a quick cheer, bouncing in his seat as Hoseok opened up the list of tracks. 

Dry Dry Ruins, Moonview Highway, Bowser’s Castle, 

and

 Rainbow Road. 

Hoseok resumed the scrolling, letting it cycle through each option quickly as he turned to Namjoon this time.


“Your turn. Tell me when to stop.” Namjoon seemed to panic for a moment as he looked at the screen, tapping his foot quickly.


“Don’t be 

Rainbow Road

, don’t be 

Rainbow Road

, don’t be 

Rainbow Road

… Stop!” Hoseok selected the option it had stopped on. All three looked at the screen to see 

Bowser’s Castle 

highlighted, one above 

Rainbow Road

.


“Dammit!” Jin exclaimed, his lips pushed out in a pout. 


“What? Were you hoping for 

Rainbow Road

?” Hoseok laughed as he looked at Jin, watching the other crossing his arms, straightening in his spot.


“Doesn’t matter. I’ll still beat you,” Jin smirked, the track starting up on the screen. They all turned their attention back to the game, suddenly a lot more serious than before.


From the moment the race began, it was evident how the game would go. Jin was confident in his ability to play the game, seeming unconcerned by the other two. From his sideways glance at the beginning, Hoseok seemed to be targeting Jin, knowing that he was the main threat here. Namjoon almost looked worried and unsure, as if he didn’t believe he could win against the others, but there was still determination in his eyes.


For the first two laps, Jin was in the lead, ahead by quite a bit, Hoseok in second place with Namjoon not far behind him. But as soon as the third lap hit, Hoseok smirked and used the item he’d been saving. 


A Blue Shell.


Jin let out a sharp yelp when he was knocked up for a moment before he resumed the race. He seemed relieved that no one had passed him, a small distance still between him and Hoseok, who had just swerved a bit to grab another item box. A bright laugh left his lips as he immediately used the item he was given.


“What the FUCK?!” Jin screeched, knocked up again by another Blue Shell, Hoseok passing by him quickly as he landed again. “How did you get 

two

?!” 


Hoseok glanced at Jin with a bright smile before he turned back to the game, catching the next item box in his way. He waited for the item to pop up, laughing happily as he saw Jin coming up behind him just in time for him to drop the Banana item.


Hoseok passed the finish line first as Jin let out a scream, tossing his controller onto the ground as he spun off the edge, Namjoon passing him and getting second place.


There was a moment of silence before Jin turned his narrowed eyes to Hoseok, frowning.


“You cheated,” he said, though there wasn’t much venom to his words, the phrase almost sounding like a whine. Hoseok giggled as he reached forward to pet Jin’s hair.


“I did not and you know it! I just got lucky,” Hoseok hummed as he lowered his hand and turned to Namjoon, patting his back. “You did good man! You beat Jin-hyung!”


“Shut up!” Namjoon huffed, crossing his arms. “You’re just drawing out the punishment… What are you gonna get us to do?”


“Aww! Namjoonie, I think you’re just mad that you have to take another punishment on a livestream!” Hoseok smiled as he pulled up the comment section to see what the fans were saying. “Hmm… I almost can’t decide what to have them do… Why don’t you guys help me out a bit?”


Taehyung looked away from his laptop to grab his phone, a smirk on his lips as he opened up his chat with Hoseok, typing out a quick message and sending it. 


A chime from the screen brought him back to the livestream to see Hoseok pull out his phone, reading the text before letting out a loud laugh, looking up at the camera.


“We’ve gotten a request from a fellow YouTuber, Taehyung from 

LipTaetorials

!” Jin looked up at the mention of Taehyung’s name before he glanced at Hoseok’s phone, his eyes widening. “He said ‘

You should totally get Jin to kiss Namjoon’s cheek as a punishment

’!”


“Tae!” Jin shrieked, looking at the camera with a horrified face as Hoseok sets down his phone, standing up. 


“We’re picking that as the punishment” Hoseok smiled as he pushed Namjoon closer to Jin, sitting behind him as he examined how nervous they both looked. Namjoon looked at Hoseok with wide eyes, biting at his lower lip. “Oh, come on! It’s just a kiss on the cheek! Nothing crazy!”


“Yeah… You’re right…” Jin mumbled as Namjoon closed his eyes, his cheeks dark red. “I can do this…” 


Hoseok smirked as he ran his fingers through Namjoon’s hair, the action seeming to calm him a bit as Jin took a moment to compose himself. 


As soon as Jin leaned in to kiss Namjoon’s cheek, Hoseok’s eyes brightened as he quickly took Namjoon’s head in his hands and turned him to face Jin completely. The youngest’s eyes opened wide just in time for Jin to press their lips together fully, both of them freezing when they realized what had happened.


Hoseok glanced to the side in time to see the chat going crazy, comments flying by too fast to read. The pair pulled away quickly and Namjoon turned his eyes to the computer, watching the chat as well. 


“I… I think this is a good place to shut off the stream.” Namjoon’s voice was higher than normal, his entire face red, all the way to the tips of his ears. Jin wasn’t much better, his cheeks much the same colour and his hands covering his mouth. “See you in the next video, guys!” 


The screen turned grey, a message saying the stream had now ended on Taehyung’s computer. He smiled as he picked up his phone again, still opened on the chat.



Nice job with namjin, hyung!!



Taehyung set down his phone and closed his laptop, moving it back onto his bedside table when his phone buzzed. He glanced down and smiled at the winky face he’d gotten from Hoseok. 


He moved to lay down again, his phone soon going black and bringing Taehyung back to the present. Bringing him back to how cold and empty his bed felt.


With a heavy sigh, Taehyung grabbed his pillow and held it close to his chest, letting his eyes close as he tried to fall asleep.


It seemed to hit harder than before. 


He really wanted to regret this.




Chapter 8.5
Chapter Summary
“W-what?” Namjoon looked staggered.“Is it because it was me? Is there something wrong with me?”




Hoseok was trying his best to not burst out laughing at the color that Namjoon and Jin shared on their cheeks. Jin hadn’t removed his hands from his mouth and Namjoon was still staring at the computer screen.


“Are you guys, like...broken? Or something?” Hoseok asked, in an attempt to break the silence. Jin eyes flicked to meet Hoseok’s, but he didn’t moved his hands. Next to them, Namjoon took a deep breath before turning towards Hoseok. His jaw was tense and his hands were balled into loose fists.


“What,” Namjoon breathed out before raising his voice, “the hell were you thinking, Hoseok?!”


Jin finally moved, revealing his mouth that is set in a small frown. Hoseok raised his hands in the air placatingly. “It was just a small prank, Joon.”


“Do you see either of us laughing? It wasn’t fucking funny.” Namjoon didn’t see the look of hurt that flashed across Jin’s face at the tone of voice, but Hoseok did. His eyes widened slightly and he glanced at Namjoon with a silent plea to not continue speaking.


“Do you have any idea what the repercussions that could come from might be? We actually just lectured Taehyung and Jungkook about this! And then you go and force Jin and I into a kiss that neither of us wanted?!” Namjoon took a moment to breathe.


“You...think there’s something wrong with kissing me?” Jin’s voice was quiet.


“W-what?” Namjoon looked staggered.


“Is it because it was me? Is there something wrong with me?”


“Something… wrong with you…? No! No, I don’t think there’s something wrong with you! I just kinda assumed from the way you reacted that you didn’t want the kiss either! It was good, not a bad kiss at all! I really, really liked it! And you! There’s absolutely nothing wrong with you, Hyung! I just really didn’t want to say I liked kissing you because I mean, I don’t know if you liked kissing me and like, what if you didn’t and things get awkward and we never talk again and… and… I really like you, Hyung…”


Hoseok gasped quietly and whispered, “Holy shit...”


Jin just sat there for a moment, trying to sort through Namjoon’s word vomit. It was very clear when he realized what Namjoon had admitted. His eyes widened and he momentarily resembled a gasping fish, his mouth opening and closing as he tried to say something. Finally, he chuckled a bit.


“Took you long enough to tell me…”


“So...uhm...I mean,” Namjoon cleared his throat, “i-if you’d wanna...do that, again, then I’m okay with it...more than okay with it.” The color started to return to his cheeks.


“Do what? Kiss?”


“Yeah, that thing...” Namjoon bobbed his head in an awkward nod, a dark red blush rapidly spreading across his face and creeping down his neck. Silence filled the room as Jin stared at Namjoon with wide eyes before he nodded, his gaze softening.


Hoseok watched in utter fascination and horror as Namjoon’s gaze flickered down from Jin’s eyes to his lips before his hand lifted to gently brushed Jin’s hair from his forehead. Jin’s eyes fluttered closed at the touch as he leaned closer to Namjoon’s hand. Hoseok debated stopping them while he was there, but the moment seemed too tender to interrupt, so he stayed silent. 


It seemed like forever until Namjoon leaned in to capture Jin’s lips, his movements slow and nervous. Hoseok reached into his pocket and pulled out his phone, not taking his eyes off the couple next to him as he opened up his camera, slowly lifting it up to snap a picture of the kiss. 


Lowering the device, Hoseok waited for the kiss to end only to find that Namjoon was tangling his fingers in Jin’s hair, tilting his head to deepen the kiss, Jin’s hands curling into Namjoon’s shirt. That was when Hoseok decided to clear his throat loudly.


The couple pulled away from each other quickly and looked at Hoseok with wide eyes, seeming to have forgotten there was a third person in the room. Waving his hand at them, Hoseok laughed nervously.


“Hi, yeah… I’m still here,” he gave them a smile as he tipped his head, his eyebrows now pulled together. “So, um… Congrats, I guess? I think I’m gonna go now. Give you guys some alone time…” 


Hoseok stood up from the couch, not seeing their faces as he walked out of the recording room to the front door of their apartment. He paused before he closed the door behind him, turning his head to shout into the apartment.


“Stay safe, kids! Use protection!”




Chapter 9
Chapter Summary
“Hurry! Get in the bathroom!” Taehyung whisper-shouted, pointing in the direction of the washroom.“What? Why?” Jungkook asked, standing up from the bed only to be grabbed roughly by Taehyung who dragged him toward the washroom.“Jimin is outside and he can’t know you’re here.”




Lips trailed slowly up the column of Taehyung’s neck, pulling a low hum from his throat as he threaded his fingers into soft brown hair. Jungkook laughed softly as he gently rubbed his thumb over the bare skin of Taehyung’s thigh, shifting up so he could press their lips together in a proper kiss. His fingers slid up to run over Taehyung’s soft stomach, pushing his unbuttoned shirt out of the way, the fabric falling to pool around the older boy. A soft shiver ran down Taehyung’s spine as his lips parted, a shaky breath leaving him as he pulled Jungkook deeper into the kiss. 


Jungkook pulled away and smiled down at Taehyung, opening his mouth as if to say something but no sound left his lips when a loud knock rang through the studio apartment. Taehyung bolted upright and looked at Jungkook with wide eyes before he hopped off the bed, frowning a bit.


“I’ll go get it real quick,” Taehyung murmured as he pulled on the pants closest to him - Jungkook’s grey sweatpants - and made his way to the front door, buttoning up his shirt a bit. He didn’t bother touching his hair, knowing it was beyond fixing at this point. He could feel where some parts were sticking up weird, some locks of hair falling into his eyes. He simply blew them away from his face as he opened the door, unsure of who would come by his apartment this close to midnight.


His eyes widened when he saw Jimin staring back him, a frown on his plump lips as he looked at Taehyung. He seemed to be taking in the messed up hair, half dressed state and his flushed skin.


“TaeTae? Are you okay?” His voice was worried as he stepped closer. 



Oh shit… This is bad…



Without thinking, Taehyung held up his finger to tell Jimin to give him a minute before he slammed the door shut roughly, wincing at the alarmed yelp from the other side. He didn’t waste a second before he ran back through the bamboo curtains and found Jungkook sprawled across the bed, waiting for him to get back.


“Hurry! Get in the bathroom!” Taehyung whisper-shouted, pointing in the direction of the washroom.


“What? Why?” Jungkook asked, standing up from the bed only to be grabbed roughly by Taehyung who dragged him toward the washroom.


“Jimin is outside and he can’t know you’re here,” Taehyung said quickly, pushing Jungkook into the bathroom, pressing a quick kiss to his lips before closing the door, turning back around and letting out a heavy sigh. He ran his fingers through his hair and walked back to the front door, doing up the last few buttons on his shirt before pulling it open. Jimin lifted his head quickly and looked at Taehyung with wide, worried eyes, hands clasped in front of him.


“Come in, Jimin,” Taehyung murmured awkwardly, not really sure where the two of them were in terms of friendship.


“Thanks…” From the tone of his voice, it seemed Jimin wasn’t all too sure where they were either, going to sit at the breakfast bar as Taehyung went to the kitchen, putting on a pot of coffee.


“So… What are you doing here?” Taehyung said slowly, leaning on the counter and looking at Jimin. The older shifted a bit before he looked at Taehyung, biting at his lower lip.


“I wanted to apologize… All that stuff I said to you… It was wrong of me,” Jimin stood up and walked toward Taehyung. He hesitated for a moment before he looked away, seeming a bit more nervous. “I still think what you and Jungkook did was stupid, but… I just think things could have been handled better. And I should have never snapped at you, that only made all of this worse.”


Taehyung stared at his friend with wide eyes before he straightened, pushing himself off the counter. 


“Chim… I forgive you,” Taehyung smiled brightly as he stepped toward Jimin and pulled him into a bone-crushing hug. The older of the two giggled happily as he cuddled close to Taehyung’s chest, fingers curling into his shirt. “Man, it was weird not having you around all the time!”


“I know! Like, I love Yoongi and all! The sex is still beyond amazing but I’m totally running out of things to talk about with him! I’m pretty sure I’ve told him literally everything about me! And Jin’s hardly at home now that him and Namjoon are together…”


“Wait, they got together?!” Taehyung exclaimed, pulling away quickly. “Since when?!”


“Since, like… Two weeks ago? No one told you? Jin came home the night it happened and wouldn’t stop talking about it!” Jimin laughed as he looked at Taehyung’s horrified expression.


“What the FUCK, HOBI?!” Taehyung shrieked, turning around and pulling out his phone, already opened to the chat with Hoseok. He was about to type out a message before Jimin plucked his phone from his hands, setting it on the counter.


“You can yell at him later, Tae,” Jimin giggled, gently rubbing Taehyung’s arm to calm him down a bit. “Yeah, they got together after a livestream that Namjoon and Hobi did. Apparently they kissed on the stream and after it ended, Namjoon got down on one knee and asked Jin to be his boyfriend!”


“I… I don’t believe that Namjoon is smooth enough for that,” Taehyung hummed, crossing his arms across his chest. 


“Oh, no. That’s how Jin described it, but he always exaggerates everything. According to Hobi, there was a lot of word vomit and Namjoon accidentally confessed to Jin before saying something like ‘I’d be good with doing that kissing thing again’,” Jimin smiled as he recounted the story. Taehyung laughed as he pictured Namjoon nervously confessing to Jin immediately after the stream. 


Once he’d calmed down a bit, Taehyung went to fill up a couple mugs with some coffee, setting the flowery pink mug in front of Jimin, smiling at him. 


“I’m just gonna use the bathroom real quick,” Jimin smiled and started making his way to the closed door, Taehyung’s eyes widening as he set down his own mug before rushing up to his best friend, grabbing his wrist.


“You, um…. You can’t! It’s broken!” Taehyung said quickly, pulling Jimin away from the bathroom door, the other turning to look at him, confused.


“What? Tae, are you okay? You’re acting really weird…” Jimin murmured, tipping his head a bit. Taehyung knew he had to get Jimin out of the apartment before he found Jungkook hiding in the bathroom and he’d have to do it soon. 


Taehyung cleared his throat loudly and looked at his bare wrist as if he had a watch on, his eyes wide and surprised.


“Wow! Look at the time! I’m gonna be late for my yoga class!” Taehyung rushed out, his voice overly loud and dramatic as he dragged Jimin toward the door.


“Yoga class? It’s past midnight, Tae!” 


“Midnight Yoga, Jimin! You should try it! Very beneficial! And it requires a very strict schedule! So I have to go right now or it’ll throw off everything!” Taehyung nodded his head enthusiastically, opening the door for Jimin before ushering him out. “It was nice talking to you, Chim! I’ll text you later!”


Without waiting for a response, Taehyung closed the door quickly before sighing, resting his forehead against the surface, shoulders slumping.


He heard the bathroom door open before he turned to look at Jungkook, finding the other smiling at him, amusement in his eyes. Taehyung only heaved another sigh before he straightened, Jungkook coming closer to him.


“Come on, Tae,” Jungkook hummed lowly, tilting his head before he delivered a playful smack to Taehyung’s ass, laughing softly. “Let’s go do some… 

yoga…

”




Chapter 10
Chapter Summary
Grabbing the gym bag by his bed, Jungkook is quick to leave the apartment, ignoring Jimin calling his name from the couch as he slammed the door behind him.He needed to cool off, try to calm down from the sudden rush of anger.There was one person he could think of that could help him.



When Jungkook had read the description of the movie on Netflix, he’d truly believed he would enjoy it, an animated science fiction movie he hadn’t seen before. Yoongi and Jimin had agreed it sounded interesting, the three deciding to watch it.He believed he would enjoy it if not for the couple giggling on the other side of the couch, pressed close together, sharing kisses every couple seconds. He tried to focus on the movie and the strangely attractive Space Pirate on the screen, but was torn away at the sound of a yelp, glancing over to see Yoongi nip Jimin’s neck.Now, Jungkook is a happy for his friends. Yoongi and Jimin were basically made for each other and he’s a supportive friend. He never really minded their cuddling and flirting in public.Just not when he’s trying to enjoy a night of Netflix.“Guys, can you tone it down a bit…? I’m trying to watch the movie,” Jungkook sighed, looking at them with a frown. Jimin looked over his shoulder at the younger boy, Yoongi leaning away from Jimin’s neck now.There was a hint of amusement in Jimin’s eyes as he trailed his fingers over Yoongi’s chest, smirking at Jungkook.“I think you’re just mad cause you’re single, Kookie,” Jimin hummed, his tone making it evident that he was joking.Jungkook, however, didn’t find it very funny.Taehyung may be on better terms with Jimin after their talk, but Jungkook was not. He was bitter, he was hurt and he was still very,  very mad.Especially when Jimin would look him dead in the eyes and joke about him being single.“Yeah, and whose fucking fault is that?” Jungkook retorted, just catching the shock on Jimin’s face as he stood up and grabbed the remote to the TV. “Enjoy your movie,” he muttered as he tossed the remote in their direction before making his way to his room, trying not to stomp his feet like a child.Grabbing the gym bag by his bed, Jungkook is quick to leave the apartment, ignoring Jimin calling his name from the couch as he slammed the door behind him.He needed to cool off, try to calm down from the sudden rush of anger.There was one person he could think of that could help him.~That’s exactly how Jungkook ended up in front of Taehyung’s door, the older boy staring at him with wide eyes.“What are you doing here? Why didn’t you text me?” It was very obvious that Taehyung hadn’t been expecting company, his hair pushed back with a headband topped with cat ears, a too big shirt that Jungkook was pretty sure was his. Glancing down at Taehyung’s legs, Jungkook found them bare, only a pair of pink boxers keeping him decent.He lifted his eyes up to meet Taehyung’s gaze, stepping forward until he could close the door behind him.“You know what I’m doing here. I’m stressed and I need you to take my mind off of it.” Taking Taehyung’s wrist in his hand, he pulled on the boy’s arm, walking toward the bedroom. Through his cloud of anger, Jungkook didn’t see the hurt flash on Taehyung’s face, not realizing how heartless his words sounded.“H-hey, wait! Jungkook, stop!” Taehyung pulled his arm free, staring at the younger, his eyes wide. “I don’t… I don’t want to, Jungkook…”“Why not?” Jungkook raised as eyebrow as he spoke, a harsh bite to his tone. Taehyung visibly flinched, stepping away from Jungkook. The younger tapped his foot a bit impatiently as Taehyung seemed to think over his words, biting at his lower lip.“Am I just a quick fuck to you? Or do you want anything more? Do you actually feel anything when you see me?!” Taehyung lifted his eyes again, the hurt now very evident was Jungkook looked at him. He straightened a bit, coming back to his senses. “Because I don't want to keep doing this if it just ends with one of us leaving in the morning and acting like it's not happening. So tell me. Do you feel anything when you’re with me?"Jungkook was at a loss for words as he looked at Taehyung, only now realizing how all of this had been impacting the older. He’d been so focused on his own selfish needs, Jungkook had never stopped to think what all of this had put Taehyung through, the pain it had been causing.It was only now hitting him how much pain this was causing both of them.“Answer me, Jungkook,” Taehyung whispered, his shoulders slumping a bit. A look of defeat filled his eyes as he lowered his head. “Do you really not feel anything?”
 Tell him. 
It was the exact opposite. Jungkook felt too much when he was with Taehyung.
 Tell him that. He needs to know. 
“You wouldn’t understand,” was what left Jungkook’s lips, his tongue pressing to the inside of his cheek as he looked away.“I can’t understand if you don’t tell me,” Taehyung stepped closer, his voice a bit calmer as he gently turned Jungkook’s head toward him. Hurt still filled his gaze, but his touch was so soft, so caring.Jungkook stared at him with pained eyes, clenching his jaw as he leaned into Taehyung’s palm, a shaky breath leaving his lips.
 Tell him. 
He wanted to tell him.
 TELL HIM. 
“I can’t…” Jungkook sighed, lowering his head as his eyes closed. He couldn’t find the courage to lay his feelings out in front of Taehyung, a heavy pain in his chest. He felt so sick, the feeling of Taehyung’s hand leaving his cheek as the older stepped away from him.Jungkook couldn’t bring himself to look up when he heard a soft sniffling in the quiet room.“Leave.”All the anger that Jungkook had felt when he’d walked in had been replaced by a heavy sorrow, his heart aching as Taehyung slammed the door behind him.The drive home was long, loud music playing in his car to try and drown out his shaky breathing. His knuckles were white where they gripped the steering wheel, the streets passing by in a blur.~The second he stepped into the apartment, Jungkook saw Yoongi get to his feet, eyes wide as he walked around the couch.“Kookie… Hey, what’s wrong, kid?” Yoongi asked, concern lacing his words. Jungkook could feel tears burning his eyes, lips parting to let out a trembling breath.“I fucked up, Hyung… He doesn’t want anything to do with me anymore. I fucked up everything we had, what we could have had…” Something inside him finally broke and the tears streamed from his eyes as Jungkook pulled Yoongi close, a weak sob leaving him.He could feel Yoongi rubbing his back, a bit tense due to surprise, though he still did his best to comfort Jungkook.“Who, Kookie?”Jungkook’s fingers tightened where they held Yoongi’s shirt, his body pressing closer to Yoongi’s much smaller one.“T-Tae-hyung…” Jungkook whimpered brokenly, hardly able to breath through his heavy tears, his hands shaking against Yoongi’s back.He could feel Yoongi turn his head to look at Jimin, no doubt surprised by the information, but he didn’t stop rubbing Jungkook’s back.Yoongi was gentle as he lead Jungkook to his room, getting him to lay down, pressing a soft kiss to the younger’s forehead, a gesture that pulls some of the tension from his body.“Everything’s going to be okay, Kookie… We’ll figure this out…” Yoongi whispered softly, fingers threading through Jungkook’s hair.“I’m going to go see Tae, okay?” Jimin said softly from the foot of the bed, gently rubbing Jungkook’s leg. Yoongi nodded to Jimin before turning his attention back to Jungkook, the door closing quietly.“Are you mad at me, Hyung…?” Jungkook whispered, reaching out to hold Yoongi’s hand in his own. The older shook his head and gently massaged Jungkook’s scalp.“No, Kookie… I’m not mad,” Yoongi’s tone was so calming, the older always knowing how to comfort Jungkook. “Why don’t you try getting some sleep?”Yoongi moved to leave, stopping when Jungkook quickly grabbed his hand, pulling him a bit closer.“Can… You stay?” He asked quickly, watching a Yoongi’s eyes soften as he nodded.“Of course I’ll stay.”~Jungkook jerked roughly when he felt his phone buzzing next to him, vibrating through his whole bed. He heard a soft whine from next to him, feeling Yoongi wrap his arms tighter around his waist, nuzzling the back of Jungkook’s neck.His phone continued to buzz annoyingly as he finally reached to grab it. Squinting at the screen in the dark room, he saw it was his mother calling him. A frown pulled at his lips when he realized it was past midnight and his mother was usually asleep by that point.He answered the call and lifted the phone to his ear, opening his mouth to greet her. Before he had a chance to speak, however, his mother cut him off.“Jungkook, it’s your mother,” her tone was harsh, something Jungkook had never really heard before. A sigh sounded over the phone. “Pack your shit. You’re coming home.”



Chapter 10.5
Chapter Summary
He thought it would finally go away once he met Jin, but that’s when he ran into the issue that he didn’t have feelings for one person, but two.Snapping out of his thoughts, Namjoon realized he hadn’t said anything and Jin was still giving him that look.“I… I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Namjoon quickly said, his cheeks starting to burn a bright red. Namjoon didn’t think Jin could raise his eyebrow anymore.Apparently he was wrong.



Hoseok and Namjoon had been friends for so long, long before  Beyond the Scene was made. If Hoseok remembered right, it had been close to eight years they’d been friends.And it had been seven years since Hoseok had fallen for Namjoon.Now, Hoseok had always been someone to fall in love very easily, catching feelings the moment someone showed him normal human kindness. But they had all been crushes, nothing he really ever acted on. All of them expect for Namjoon.And Jin.It had been two years since they met Jin and Hoseok had found himself smitten from the first meal he ever ate by Jin.He had so long to ask one of them out, but the issue was he’d noticed from day one that Namjoon and Jin seemed to be interested in each other. So Hoseok ignored his feelings, wanting his friends to be happy.Hoseok was so happy for them when they finally got together, but there were moments when it hit him a lot harder than usual that he wished he had made a move first.Moments like 11:23am, when Hoseok had just woken up from being passed out on the recording studio couch. His back was hurting and he was pretty sure he had crease marks on his cheeks as he walked out of the studio into the living room, running a hand through his wild, red hair.“Morning, Hobi,” Namjoon’s familiar voice came from the kitchen. Hoseok turned his attention to his roommate and there were a couple things he noticed very quickly.First would be that Namjoon seemed a lot cheerier than he normally is this early. Second would be Namjoon’s lack of shirt. Last would be the bruises littering the younger’s neck and chest, a harsh contrast from his tanned skin.Hoseok suddenly felt sick.“Hey… Did, um… Did Jin stay over…?” Hoseok asked hesitantly as he walked into the kitchen, grabbing a couple waffles from the freezer and putting them in the toaster.“Yeah, he was asleep when I got up,” Namjoon laughed in response, leaving the stove for a moment to grab a shirt that was laid across the arm of the couch. He slipped it on over his bare chest and buttoned up the plaid before returning to the kitchen. Hoseok wasn’t sure what to say, so he opted to stay silent, hopping up to sit on the counter as he waited for his food to be ready.When Jin came out of his and Namjoon’s shared room, Hoseok prayed that his food would be ready soon.Jin looked so sleepy and so fucking cute in his oversized sweater, but Hoseok couldn’t handle how Jin’s lips looked overly red, a couple hickeys of his own on his neck.“Morning guys,” Jin murmured sleepily, walking over to press a kiss to Namjoon’s cheek before he looked at Hoseok.
 Please don’t say anything… I don’t know if I could handle that right now… 
“Hobi, are you okay?” Hoseok should have known that no one was gonna answer his prayers of being left alone for the morning.He wasn’t sure how long he could put off answering Jin, biting at his lower lip as he finally lifted his eyes to meet the concerned gaze of the oldest. He opened his mouth to answer but was cut off by the loud  POP  of the toaster.“I’m fine,” he said quickly as he dropped from the counter and grabbed his waffles, not bothering to grab anything to put on them before he hurried back into the studio, his heart pounding heavily against his chest.He tried to ignore the intense burn of tears in his eyes.He wasn’t sure if he could handle this much longer…~Namjoon stared after his roommate, his eyes wide as the door slammed next to the kitchen. Hoseok had been acting a bit off lately, but this… this was so much more than just off.“What’s up with him…?” Jin said quietly as he leaned next to Namjoon. He could feel his boyfriend’s eyes on him, but he couldn’t pull himself to look away from the door Hoseok had disappeared behind. “Namjoon?”The younger pulled himself from his thoughts as he turned back to Jin, trying to ignore the heavy feeling in his chest.Jin didn’t say anything for a moment, only smiled as he tipped his head, seeming to know something Namjoon didn’t.They stayed like that, in silence for a bit before Jin finally spoke, catching Namjoon off guard.“You really like him, don’t you,” it was more of a statement than a question. Namjoon wasn’t sure what to say for a moment, so he went with the safe answer.“I mean, yeah… He’s my best friend.”The look Jin gave him told him that’s not what he meant.Namjoon knew exactly what Jin meant, he was just trying to play dumb.Namjoon had never been good at hiding his feelings, so when he’d tried hinting that he liked Hoseok years ago and getting nothing in return, Namjoon tried moving on.He thought it would finally go away once he met Jin, but that’s when he ran into the issue that he didn’t have feelings for one person, but two.Snapping out of his thoughts, Namjoon realized he hadn’t said anything and Jin was still giving him that look.“I… I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Namjoon quickly said, his cheeks starting to burn a bright red. Namjoon didn’t think Jin could raise his eyebrow anymore.Apparently he was wrong.“Okay, maybe I do…” Namjoon finally sighed, his shoulders sagging as he looked a Jin, guilt in his eyes. Jin smiled and lifted a hand to Namjoon’s cheek, pulling his boyfriend in for a quick kiss before he leaned back again.“You realize he likes you too, right?” Jin laughed softly, receiving a look of disbelief from Namjoon. “And I’ll admit, I might have an interest in him as well.”When Namjoon woke up this morning, he really hadn’t expected a conversation like this to take place, especially not Jin confessing he had feelings for Hoseok.“If you wanted to…” Jin started, looking off to the side. Namjoon didn’t miss to pink on his boyfriend’s cheeks as he spoke. “I wouldn’t be opposed to us asking him out…”Now that was something Namjoon  really  didn’t expect.“Like… All three of us? Together?” Namjoon asked quietly, unsure if he was hearing right. Jin nodded in response, a smile on his plump lips as he turned his gaze back to Namjoon. “Are you sure…?”“Namjoon, I’m the one that suggested it,” Jin laughed as he leaned against the younger’s chest. “Of course I’m sure!”Namjoon nodded and stepped back, nervously biting his lip as he looked over his shoulder at the studio.“Now turn off the stove and let’s do this,” Jin encouraged, a hand resting on Namjoon’s back. “You burnt breakfast anyways.”~Namjoon wasn’t sure how to start this, but he felt his heart pounding as he stared at Hoseok’s back, the redhead playing Super Mario Sunshine with a pout on his lips. Namjoon couldn’t help but find it cute.A hand roughly pushed at Namjoon’s back, causing him to stumble into the room. Turning around, he saw Jin gesturing for him to go over to Hoseok, the oldest following close behind him.Letting out a steady breath, Namjoon made his way to the couch, the sound of Jin walking behind him calming him a bit. Jin went around to Hoseok’s other side and Namjoon looked up to meet his boyfriend’s eyes, giving a nod before they both sat down on either side of Hoseok, causing him to jump in surprise.“What are you guys doing?” Hoseok asked, pulling off his headphones, resting them in his lap as he looked at Namjoon. The youngest wasn’t sure what to say, so he decided to just do it.Leaning forward, Namjoon rested his hand gently against Hoseok’s chest as he pressed their lips together, feeling his roommate tense. He caught a glimpse of Jin pressing his lips to Hoseok’s neck, one of his hands tracing patterns over the boy’s shoulder.When Hoseok still hadn’t kissed him back, Namjoon panicked and pulled away, finding the redhead frozen in place, his eyes wide.“Wha…. What…?” He asked softly, Jin finally pulling his lips away from Hoseok’s neck, though his hand didn’t move where it was on the boy’s shoulder.“Hobi… I, um…” Namjoon let out another steadying breath before he looked Hoseok in the eyes, his gaze intense. “I want to ask you… Will you be my boyfriend?”Hoseok’s lips parted and he stared at Namjoon before darting his head around to look at Jin before turning his eyes back to his roommate.“But… You have...A boyfriend…?” Hoseok sounded so confused, something that Namjoon found way too cute, probably more that he should. He looked so lost, eyes darting between them.“What he means to say,” Jin cut in, leaning forward and rest his chin on Hoseok’s shoulder. “Is that we both have feelings for you and we want you to be our boyfriend.”
 Man, Jin’s much better at this than me… 
Hoseok still looked so confused as he looked at Jin, a look of worry in his eyes, like he wasn’t sure if this was a prank.
 Shit… What if he thinks this a prank video? 
“Like, both of you…?” Hoseok whispered hesitantly, lifting a hand to scratch the back of his neck. Jin nodded in response, leaning down to press his lips to Hoseok’s shoulder gently.“Yes… We could all be in a relationship…” Jin murmured, his hand trailing down to rub Hoseok’s back. “If you want…”Hoseok still seemed hesitant, turning his gaze to Namjoon, his eyes wide. Namjoon shifted a bit closer and gave a hopeful smile.“Are you sure?” Hoseok whispered, staring at Namjoon, worry in his gaze. Namjoon couldn’t help but smile wider, nodding.“Yes, I’m sure…” Namjoon murmured, tipping his head a bit. Hoseok glanced between them for a moment before he let out a cheery laugh, his famous heart-shaped smile on his lips.“Fuck, I’ve wanted to say this for so long…” Hoseok turned his gaze to Namjoon and perked up, his eyes bright. “Kiss me, you stupid fool!”Namjoon had no problem doing just that.



Chapter 11
Chapter Summary
“You don’t have to go… They can’t make you,” Yoongi’s voice was soft, his fingers playing with the hair on Jungkook’s neck. With a soft sigh, Jungkook wrapped his arms around Yoongi’s waist, pulling him closer. To this day, he was still amazed at how small the older was.He could only hope Yoongi would eat well once he’s gone.“I have to,” Jungkook whispered, rubbing Yoongi’s back. He tried to ignore the first tremble that went through Yoongi’s body, dismissing it as just the cold.
Chapter Notes
OH MY GOD ITS BEEN FOREVER!!! sorry for taking forever to update ;w; it's been so crazyBUTWE ARE BACKWITH A LONG FUCKING CHAPTER HERE WOW
and just a note, there is a small warning for past abuse in this chapter ;w;




Four hours.


Four hours was all it took for Jungkook’s room to go from a place he could call home to an empty shell of its former self. Every wall in his room had been covered with photos he’d taken, ones of him and his friends and lots of photos taken by Yoongi. Now they were bare, the only hint that he had been here being the one wall painted a deep blue. All his books and CD’s were packed away, piles of boxes scattered around the apartment.


Jungkook wouldn’t have too hard of a time leaving if it was just the apartment he was leaving behind.


But there was something else he was leaving.


That something being the figure leaning against the doorframe, arms crossed.


Jungkook lifted his eyes to look at Yoongi as he chewed on the nail of his thumb, a heavy weight in his heart as he looked at his best friend. Clicking his tongue, Yoongi pushed himself off the doorframe and walked over to Jungkook, reaching out move the younger’s hand away. Stepping to stand in between Jungkook’s thighs, Yoongi wrapped his arms around the boy’s shoulders, nuzzling his nose into soft, brown hair.


“You don’t have to go… They can’t make you,” Yoongi’s voice was soft, his fingers playing with the hair on Jungkook’s neck. With a soft sigh, Jungkook wrapped his arms around Yoongi’s waist, pulling him closer. To this day, he was still amazed at how small the older was.


He could only hope Yoongi would eat well once he’s gone.


“I have to,” Jungkook whispered, rubbing Yoongi’s back. He tried to ignore the first tremble that went through Yoongi’s body, dismissing it as just the cold.


When it continued however, Jungkook knew why.


Yoongi sniffled quietly as he pressed himself closer, his hand shifting so he could curl his fingers into Jungkook’s hair. 


“I don’t want you to leave…” There was the tremble, evident in Yoongi’s voice. Jungkook couldn’t hold back once he heard the first sob from Yoongi’s lips, his own tears rolling down his cheeks as he pressed his face to the older’s neck.


“I don’t want to leave,” Jungkook breathed, shifting to press his lips against Yoongi’s jaw before he rested his forehead on the boy’s shoulder. 


There’s a knocking on the door, his fingers curling into Yoongi’s shirt as he pulls his shoulders up, a harsh sob leaving his lips.


“I promise I’ll come back to see you, Hyung… I’ll call lots, we’ll talk every night,” Jungkook breathed, wanting to ignore the knocking at the door to stay in Yoongi’s arms.


The older didn’t respond, his hand brushing gently over Jungkook’s hair. The only sound in the apartment was the banging at the door, getting louder the longer they didn’t answer.


After a couple seconds, Yoongi slowly pulled away and glanced at the door, sighing softly. 


“I’ll get it,” Yoongi breathed, leaning down to press a kiss to Jungkook’s forehead before he walked out of the room, wiping away his tears. Jungkook stood up and walked toward the living room, hearing the door open across the apartment.


“What the fuck do you want?” A low voice grumbled and Jungkook could practically hear Yoongi’s glare in his voice. 


“We’re here for our son.” And there was his mother’s voice, as harsh as he expected it to be. Especially after that greeting.


“Your son?” Yoongi questioned, something that worried Jungkook. He was sure Yoongi was planning something here, he just wasn’t sure what it was. 


“Yes. Where’s Jungkook?” 


“Jungkook? Sorry, don’t know him. Have a nice day,” Yoongi’s voice was flat, completely emotionless. Jungkook glanced out of the room in time to see Yoongi trying to close the door, only to be stopped by his father’s foot in the door. The moment Yoongi started to put a bit more weight on the door, Jungkook rushed out of the room, grabbing his arm and pulling him off the door.


“Hyung! Don’t break his foot!” Jungkook exclaimed as he pulled Yoongi into his arms, looking down at him with wide eyes. He couldn’t stop the smile that was on his lips, however, as he thought of Yoongi trying to keep him here.


“Jungkook.” That smile didn’t last long, it seemed, as it disappeared as soon as his mother spoke. He lifted his gaze to her, swallowing. “There’s some movers downstairs ready to take your things. You have five minutes before I expect you in the car.” With those final words, she turned and walked away, his father right by her side.


Though he was almost a foot taller than her, Jungkook feared his mother. 


As a child, they’d gotten along great. His mother had basically been his best friend up until the age of 14 when he’d been caught holding hands with another boy after school.


He never wanted to relive that night, or the day after, when he’d worn a mask to school to hide the bruises.


The only person Jungkook ever told about that day was Yoongi. Jungkook is pretty sure that’s why Yoongi doesn’t want him going back.


“You okay, kid?” Yoongi spoke gently, his fingers tracing over Jungkook’s back as he stepped closer. Jungkook nodded and Yoongi knew he was lying. “Jungkook. Look at me.”


Slowly turning his head, Yoongi reaches out to gently cup his cheeks. Jungkook gazes into Yoongi’s eyes, his own vision getting blurry as he grasped at his Hyung’s shirt.


“If anything happens, I want you to run. I want you to call me and I will drive all the way down there to get you, okay?” Yoongi leaned forward to press their foreheads together. Jungkook felt the older rub away the tears rolling down his cheeks.


“Hyung…” Jungkook breathed, unsure of what exactly he wanted to say, but needing something to fill the silence. 


“If anyone lays a fucking finger on you, I’ll kill them,” Yoongi whispered, shifting to wrap his arms around Jungkook, burying his face in Jungkook’s neck.


“Hyung…” Jungkook whispered again, his hands curling into Yoongi’s sweater, arms wrapped tight around the older. “I love you so much, Hyung…”


“Fuck…” Jungkook could feel hot tears against his neck, soaking into his shirt. “I know, Kook… I love you too…”


Feeling his phone buzz in his pocket, Jungkook slowly pulled away, lifting his hands to wipe the tears from Yoongi’s cheeks, a sad smile on his lips.


“I promise I’ll come back,” Jungkook murmured, stepping away from Yoongi, wishing he didn’t notice Yoongi stepping toward him again. “I’ll text you once I get there.”


“You fucking better,” Yoongi whispered as he wiped at his eyes, a shaky breath leaving his lips. 


When his phone buzzed again, Jungkook glanced down at where it sat in his pocket. 


“I should get going…” Jungkook walked toward the door in time to see the movers coming up the stairs. There was a small messenger bag sitting by the door, one packed with stuff he’d need for the first night until his boxes got to Busan. “I’ll see you later, Yoongi-Hyung. I love you.”


Trying to avoid crying again, Jungkook grabbed his bag and rushed down the stairs of the apartment building, his head down.


He spotted his parents car quickly, slipping into the backseat, head down and his hair falling into his eyes. 


So far, he hasn’t questioned why they asked for him to come home, but from the time of which his mother spoke, he was scared to ask. 


Part of him was glad for the silence during the drive, but he also despised the thick tension hanging in the air, suffocating him. He had pulled his headphones on about an hour into the drive, listening to a slow hip hop playlist Yoongi had made for him, years ago. The gentle beats calmed him a bit, helping him to relax a bit as he closed his eyes.


His phone buzzed in his hand, his eye cracking open to look down at the screen.


Jungkook was someone who used 

Snapchat

 often, his story being updated almost every couple hours. It came with the Instagram life.


Yoongi, however, was not. 


That’s why he was a bit shocked when he saw the message from his best friend. 


Tapping on the notification, he opened his phone to be greeted with a photo of Yoongi laying on his bed, his eyes a bit puffy and his nose red. 



Remember how Mochi ran away a while ago?

 The message read.


Jungkook thought for a moment before he remembered that when Jimin and Yoongi has started dating, Yoongi brought home a Calico cat that he’d hidden in his backpack. The apartment had never allowed animals and Jungkook warned Yoongi of that.


But once the name Mochi just kinda stuck, they decided to keep her. It didn’t last long, however, as she ran away after about a week and a half. 


It had been a month with no sign of her.


Jungkook quickly snapped a picture of the bag at his feet, not wanting Yoongi to see how bad he probably looked. 



Yeah, why?



It was only a couple minutes before a message came in, a photo of Yoongi still laying on the bed, but this time tilted a bit to show the cat curled up against his stomach. Jungkook couldn’t help but smile a bit as he screenshotted the picture. 



She came back!!!!!



Jungkook messaged quickly, his photo a blurry shot of his feet. There were a few moments were Yoongi didn’t answer beforehand message popped up. No photo, just a regular message.



She probably missed us.




Just like I miss you.



Jungkook held back a snort as he rolled his eyes, a smile on his lips. 



Nice transition, Hyung




I hope she keeps you company… 



A little speech bubble appeared for a moment, disappearing and reappearing a few times before Yoongi finally sent a photo, one that Jungkook opened quickly, staring at the picture of Yoongi burying his nose in the Cat’s fur, a pout on his lips. 


Jungkook smiled as he leaned his head against the window, capturing that picture as well before he shut off his phone, setting it on his leg. 


Two hours had passed with no word from his parents. The tension didn’t lessen at all, but Jungkook finally let the exhaustion from the day take over him.


When his eyes opened again, they were just outside of Busan, the city visible on the horizon. He opened up his phone again to his messages, leaning his head against the window as he tapped on Yoongi’s name.



Just got to Busan… that was an awkward drive… 

Jungkook slipped his phone into his pocket again before packing up his bag again. By the time he looked up, they were pulling into the driveway of his childhood home, hitting him with a heavy sense of nostalgia.


When the car stopped, he was brought back to the fact that he was here for a reason, one he wasn’t quite sure what it was. The car ride had been so silent, it was incredibly worrying. Mostly because if they didn’t mention it, he would have to ask.


Following his parents inside, Jungkook set down at bag and cleared his throat, kicking off his shoes at the door. 


“So why did you bring me home? I have school…” Jungkook asked softly as he followed his parents into the kitchen. His mother turned to him and raised an eyebrow, a look that put Jungkook on edge. 


“Really? Is it school you’re concerned about or your fucking modelling?” She snapped, arms crossing over her chest. Every muscle in Jungkook’s body tensed at the mention of his account, fear shooting through him. 


He never told his parents about his modelling, knowing they would never agree with such a lifestyle. 


Frozen in place, Jungkook couldn’t find any words to say, his mind running way too quickly to process anything.


“You know, I hate the idea of you doing it, but I could live with it,” his mother started, reaching into her pocket and pulling out her phone. “I could have dealt with having you do modelling. What I can’t fucking deal with, is this.”


Jungkook knew what she was showing him before he even looked at it. But his eyes flicked down to the screen to see grainy photo that had been haunting him for the past two months and all his suspicions were confirmed.


“I thought we made an agreement, Jungkook. You stop pulling shit like this, and we’d pay for your schooling. But you haven’t changed! You took advantage of the fact that we weren’t around!”


“It’s not…! It was only once!” Jungkook knew it was a lie, and from the look in his mother’s eyes, she knew as well. 


Shaking her head, she tossed her phone onto the counter and ran a hand over his race.


“Go put your shit upstairs,” she sighed, leaning back against the counter. He glanced to his father, who had stayed silent the whole time. His gaze match that of Jungkook’s mother, disappointment with a hint of disgust.


“Go.” His father’s voice was stern, snapping Jungkook out of his frozen state. He quickly turned and left the room, trying to calm his heavy breathing as he grabbed his bag by the door and rushed to his old room. 


It was just how he remembered it, pale blue walls with glow in the dark stars on the ceiling, a small twin bed pushed against the corner. It felt so empty, nothing like how his room in Seoul felt. 


Slowly closing the door, Jungkook lowered his head, his hands lifting to cover his face. Part of him wanted to scream and cry, but the part of him that took over just wanted to lay down and not move. 


Dragging himself over to the bed, he laid down and pulled one of the pillows against his chest, sighing quietly. He planned on sleeping for a bit longer, knowing the movers wouldn’t arrive for another hour, but that idea went out the window when his phone buzzed.


At first, he was going to ignore it, but as it continued to vibrate, Jungkook sighed and pulled it out of his pocket, regretting trying to ignore it when he saw Yoongi calling him.


He quickly swiped to answer to video call, watching as Yoongi and Jimin appeared on the screen, the younger curled up against his boyfriend’s chest, his cheeks a little red and his eyes puffy.


“

Hey, Kookie

,” Jimin whispered, his voice thick with emotion. “

How’s it going?

”


Jungkook gave a small smile, resting his chin on the pillow in his arms. Yoongi didn’t look much better that Jimin, his eyes tired, having probably not slept the entire time. 


“I’m okay… I’m guessing Yoongi-hyung told you about everything…” Jungkook murmured, watching Jimin nod slowly, a small sniffle coming across the phone.


“

Did you talk to them? Find out why they’re doing this?” 

Yoongi asked, lifting a hand to rub at his eyes, a heavy yawn leaving his lips. Jungkook laughed softly as he watched his Hyung, finding his behaviour all too cute.


It didn’t last long, once he registered Yoongi’s question. 


“They… They saw the photo of me and Tae…” Jungkook murmured, shifting so he was sitting up, leaning back against the headboard. 


“

Fuck… Did they…?” 

Yoongi’s eyes were wide, worrying evident on his face. Jungkook shook his head, leaning his head back.


“No, I’m fine… They were so mad though…” Jimin was looking at Yoongi in confusion, gently curling his fingers into his boyfriend’s hoodie, tugging softly at the fabric. Yoongi glanced down at his boyfriend before he sighed softly, pressing a soft kiss to Jimin’s forehead.


“

I’ve never really told you since it’s not really mine to tell, but… Jungkook’s parents… They aren’t the best people…” 

Yoongi whispered, nuzzling Jimin’s hair, the moment so intimate that Jungkook felt as if he were intruding. “

Especially when it comes to things like this

…”


That seemed to give Jimin an idea of what they were talking about, his eyes widening as he looked at the phone again, lips parted.


“

You mean… they…” 

Jimin seemed unsure of how phrase his thoughts, but Jungkook was pretty sure he knew where Jimin was going.


“They haven’t hurt me. Not for a long time,” Jungkook reassured him, though it didn’t seem to help much.


“

They won’t do it again if I can help it,” 

Yoongi said lowly, his arm wrapping tighter around Jimin’s waist. “

Don’t worry, Kook… We’re going to figure out how to get you home, okay?” 



Slowly, Jungkook nodded, biting at his lower lip to stop it from trembling. Clearing his throat, he pulled his shoulders up.


“Jimin-hyung…” He started, lifting his eyes to look at the phone. “How was Tae when you saw him?”


Jimin was silent for a moment before he sighed, leaning more into Yoongi, something that Jungkook didn’t think was possible.


“

He was upset, he didn’t really talk much,

” Jimin murmured, a hand lifting to rub at his neck. “

Why didn’t you tell him how you feel?”



“What do you mean how I feel?” Jungkook’s eyes widened a bit as he felt his cheeks heat up a bit. Jimin only rolled his eyes in response.


“

Please, don’t try acting like you haven’t fallen for him already. I mean, how could you not. Tae is like, the best,” 

Jimin laughed, ignoring the small protest form Yoongi, a pout on his boyfriend’s lips.


“I haven’t…! I mean, I wouldn’t say... “ Jungkook finally sighed and looked into the camera. “Is it really that obvious…?” He whispered, his shoulders pulling up as he tried to make himself smaller.


“

It is, but don’t worry… You aren’t alone. He’s had a thing for you for longer than I can remember,” 

Jimin smiled brightly, taking the phone from Yoongi’s hands to pull it closer to himself.


“Does he know…? About me coming back here?” Jungkook asked softly, biting at his lower lip. Jimin nodded, glancing away for a moment.


“

I rushed out of his apartment to come see Yoongi after you left. He knows you left but he doesn’t know why. Did you want me to tell him?” 



“Just… Tell him it wasn’t his fault. Tell him I had some family stuff back here. I don’t want him to blame himself, cause God knows he would…” Jimin let out a small laugh at Jungkook’s response but nodded anyways.


“

Okay… I’ll be going back to see him tomorrow, so I’ll talk to him a bit more then,” 

Jimin murmured, covering his mouth as he yawned, his eyes scrunching up. 


Glancing out the window, Jungkook sighed when he saw the movers pulling up to the house, a lot earlier than he’d expected.


“I should go… I love you guys. Thanks for calling…” Jungkook murmured, turning back to his phone. Yoongi had taken the phone back, holding it so Jungkook could see the couple properly again.


“

No problem, Kook. I’ll call again as soon as you’re available…” 

With a nod, Jungkook waved and hung up, his phone buzzing only a few moments later with a text.



I’ll get you home as soon as I can, Kook. Just give me a bit of time.





Chapter 12
Chapter Summary
“So he’s all the way in Busan now?” Taehyung asked softly, pushing around the food in his bowl before pushing it away. “Why did they take him back? Did they give a reason?”Taehyung glanced up at Jimin, though he didn’t get the eye contact he expected. Jimin was staring down his hands, small fingers twisting at his rings.“I don’t… I don’t think they did?” Jimin sounded hesitant as he spoke, a tone Taehyung recognized as his best friend lying to him.




To: Jungkookiiiiie~♥

 hey 

 how are you? 

 Sent : 12:23 
 Taehyung’s not sure what brought him to send the text. Almost a week had passed and he’d gotten no word from Jungkook.Maybe he loves torturing himself, but Taehyung couldn’t seem to stay away from Jungkook for too long. He’d been waiting and checking the younger boy’s Instagram every day, but nothing had been posted since before their fight.He knows he shouldn’t, but Taehyung wants to go back to how they were before.Pretend for a bit longer that they could have something together. 
To: Jungkookiiiiie~♥

 i wanna apologize for how i acted the other day 

 i probably caught you off guard and it was uncalled for 

 can we act like it didn’t happen?? 

 Sent : 12:48 
 With a soft sigh, Taehyung dropped his phone onto the bed, staring at the bamboo curtain to his room, upside down from where he was laying with his head hanging off the bed. He just finished filming part of a video on a 28-hour lipstick but wasn’t quite sure what to do to test it out.He’d been in the middle of his break when he started thinking of Jungkook, not an unusual occurrence. It seemed like the boy was always in the back of his mind.He glanced over at his vlog camera sitting on his dresser, ready to film the next part, though he hadn’t really done anything to test the lipstick, just laid on his bed contemplating how to message a boy.A soft huff left his lips as Taehyung rolled off the bed and dragged himself over to his camera. The sun was still up so it was a good idea to get some filming done with natural lighting. He carried the camera out to his regular filming spot, setting up the tripod before he glanced into the mirror to fix his hair.Once he deemed himself camera ready, he pressed record.“Hey guys, so it’s been… two hours since I put on the lipstick,” he hummed, glancing down at his phone, trying not to think about to lack of message on the screen. “I haven’t actually done too much, but so far, there hadn’t been any stinging from the lipstick, which is good. And after about half an hour of wearing, I had some tea and didn’t taste any chemicals, not like last time…”Taehyung knew he was going to insert the clip from the last video he’d done on a lipstick like this. He’d waited a full hour to let the lipstick dry before he drank anything, yet he still managed to taste intense chemicals from the lipstick in his tea.“So even after a full mug of tea, it still seems to be in perfect shape, no stinging or chemically taste, and there wasn’t even any residue on my cup! Honestly, I’m really liking this so far! But like I said earlier, I would be a lot happier if they did have a wider shade range. I bought all the colours, and first of all, there’s only eight colours, which I could work with, if not for the fact that like, five of them are basically the same shade of red, then a couple pinks and a purple,” Taehyung glanced at the tubes of lipstick he had scattered across his vanity, flicking one of the many reds away from himself.“But maybe they’ll come out with more if the product picks up. They are a pretty new company, so we’ll have to wait and see.” Lifting his head to look at the camera again, Taehyung smiled brightly. “I’ll check back in after I eat, give you guys an update on how it holds up to my messy eating!”With a quick wave, Taehyung shut off the video before slumping in his seat with a heavy sigh. No text had popped up on his phone, and it had been a good half hour since he sent the last messages to Jungkook. 
To: Jungkookiiiiie~♥

 hello???? 

 Sent : 13:21 
 Setting down his phone again, Taehyung shook his head. He shouldn’t be so hung up on this, Jungkook was probably still mad at him.He knew he should eat but lacked any motivation to get up from his spot at his vanity. He stared at the mess of lipsticks and dirty makeup wipes from his earlier shooting and decided he should at least clean it up if he’s going to be sitting here.Twenty minutes later, his vanity was spotless and his phone still had no messages. Picking up the device again, he scrolled through his messages before opening up a new chat. 
To: Sweet Soulmate Chimmyy

 can i ask you something?? 

 Sent : 13:47 
 Taehyung didn’t even have time to set down his phone before it buzzed a few times, a clear indication it was Jimin texting. 
From: Sweet Soulmate Chimmyy

 i kno wat ur gonna ask 

 have u eaten??? 

 ill bring leftovers from hyung 

 and ill xplain 

 Sent : 13:48 
 That’s how Taehyung ended up sitting across from Jimin at the breakfast bar in his kitchen, a bowl of Jin’s kimchi in front of him. His mind was racing, trying to process everything that Jimin told him.“So he’s all the way in Busan now?” Taehyung asked softly, pushing around the food in his bowl before pushing it away. “Why did they take him back? Did they give a reason?”Taehyung glanced up at Jimin, though he didn’t get the eye contact he expected. Jimin was staring down his hands, small fingers twisting at his rings.“I don’t… I don’t think they did?” Jimin sounded hesitant as he spoke, a tone Taehyung recognized as his best friend lying to him.It took a moment of thinking it over to think of 1. A reason for Jungkook to be brought home by his angry parents and 2. A reason Jimin wouldn’t want him to know about.“The picture. The one of our kiss,” Taehyung murmured, watching Jimin’s shoulders lift a bit, almost as if trying to hide himself. “They saw them, didn’t they.”It wasn’t a question, more of a statement from Taehyung, and Jimin’s lack of answer only confirmed his thoughts.“I’m gonna go to the washroom real quick…” Jimin whispered before he quickly fled from the room, the bathroom door slamming closed. The room fell into silence as Taehyung lowered his head to rest in his hands. He glanced over at his phone sitting on the counter, the screen still black, no message coming up when he pressed the power button. 
To: Jungkookiiiiie~♥

 i talked to jimin 

 you’re back in busan?? 

 i’ve always wanted to see the ocean there 

 you should send pictures 

 Sent : 14:58 
 The door to the bathroom opened a few moments later, though Taehyung didn’t turn to look. His eyes stared at the small bubbles of text on his phone. He typed out one last one before setting down his phone, a heavy feeling in his chest. 
To: Jungkookiiiiie~♥

 i’m sorry i caused this… 

 Sent : 14:59 
 “Jimin?” Taehyung’s voice was quiet as he looked over his shoulder at his best friend. The smaller boy still had his shoulders pulled up to his ears, his lower lip pulled between his teeth. “Do you want to stay the night?”In an instant, Jimin was making his way over to Taehyung, wrapping his arms around his best friend’s broad shoulders. He pressed a light kiss to the nape of Taehyung’s neck before resting his forehead there.“Of course I’ll stay… What do you say we go to the convenience store down the street and get some snacks? We can rent a shitty drama too, just like we used to in college,” Jimin murmured, nuzzling Taehyung’s neck.“Can we paint each other’s nails too? We haven’t done that in forever…” Taehyung let out a breathy laugh, turning around in his seat to hug Jimin close. The smaller boy laughed as well, nodding against Taehyung’s shoulder.“Can you do mine a blue? I miss having you do my nails,” Jimin smiled as he pulled away to look at Taehyung.“Of course. I have to do a bit of recording today, but first, let’s go get snacks and then we’ll start on our nails.”~“Can they just like, kiss already?” Taehyung huffed, though his words were a bit slurred, being unable to move his face much, not wanting to move the sheet mask he was using.“Tae, it’s been two episodes! We have to get the buildup!” Jimin responded, the same slur in his voice. Taehyung glanced over at Jimin and laughed softly before he picked up his phone, opening the camera to snap a picture of Jimin, face mask on and his hair pulled into a bunch of little braids on his head, sticking up in various directions. His hands were held up and away from anything, the baby blue nail polish still drying.“You look so cute, ChimChim,” Taehyung giggled, setting down his phone again, lifting his hands to adjust his face mask again, making sure it didn’t slip off. Jimin pouted as best as he could, shaking his hands a bit to try and dry his nails faster.“I would take a picture of you too but I don’t wanna risk smudging my nails,” Jimin murmured, eyes darting up to Taehyung’s ponytail, holding his bangs away from his forehead.“I’ll get one of me,” Taehyung smiled as he picked up his phone, feeling it buzz a few times in his palm. He lifted it up to glance at the lock screen, his eyes slowly widening.“TaeTae? What’s wrong?” Jimin murmured,  shifting closer to see Taehyung’s phone screen. 
From: Jungkookiiiiie~♥

 Tae 

 I’m sorry I didn’t answer, I wasn’t sure what to say but I think I know now 

 Don’t be sorry, it’s not your fault 

 Sent : 18:49 
 Taehyung was in the middle of thinking of a response, something, anything to say to Jungkook, when his phone buzzed again, a few new texts coming up. 
From: Jungkookiiiiie~♥

 And yes 

 I do feel something when I’m with you 

 I feel too much 

 Sent : 18:51 




Chapter 13
Chapter Summary
It wasn’t long before he’d arrived at Yoongi’s apartment, not shocked by the amount of Jimin’s shoes he saw. Since Jungkook had left, Jimin had been staying at Yoongi’s a lot more, partially because his boyfriend was still upset and partially because Jin liked inviting his own boyfriends over.What was shocking was the sound of heavy footsteps, something hitting the floor with a heavy thud and the voice of his best friend pleading “Yoongi, please stop!”It was more than shocking, it was horrifying. Taehyung was quick to follow the sounds, his hands clenched into fist as he turned the corner.



It felt like everything was moving in slow motion. Suddenly Taehyung couldn’t hear the movie anymore, the only thing in focus was his phone, the bright screen displaying Jungkook’s series of quick texts. Vaguely, Taehyung felt Jimin take hold of his arm, squeezing gently.His hands seemed to move on their own, selecting Jungkook’s contact, thumb hovering over the call button, hesitating for who knows what reason. Taehyung bit at his lip nervously before he pressed call, listening to the phone ring.After two rings, there was nothing and Taehyung opened his mouth to speak, only to be cut off by three sharp beeps in his ear. A frown pulled at his lips as he pulled the phone away and glanced at the screen.
 Call Declined. 
A shaky breath left his lips as he pressed  Call Back , only getting the same result, those same beeps cutting off the call.A moment passed before his phone buzzed in his hand, a new message from Jungkook coming up on his phone. 
From: Jungkookiiiiie~♥
Please don’t call  I’m with my parents and they’d kill me if they knew it was you    I’ll call you tonight if I can
 Sent : 19:06 
 “Jimin?” Taehyung’s voice sounds weak even to himself, his hands trembling where they held his phone, the small device slowly slipping from his hands onto his lap.So many emotions were rushing through Taehyung’s body, so overwhelming, so powerful he felt his eyes pricking with tears.Lifting his head to look at Jimin, the smaller boy clicked his tongue and crawled closer, settling himself on Taehyung’s lap, hugging him close. Taehyung rested his head on Jimin’s shoulder, finding the presence of his best friend comforting.“Jimin…?” Taehyung whispered again, his hands slowly resting on Jimin’s thighs, curling into his friends sweatpants.Jimin didn’t say anything, only hummed softly as he massaged the back of Taehyung’s scalp, keeping Taehyung close.“I want to see him again…” The words didn’t seem right, it felt like he was missing something.
 Ah. That’s it. 
“I miss him…” It felt like a weight lifted off his chest as he said those words, a heavy sigh leaving his lips as he closed his eyes. “I miss him so much, Jimin…”“I know, Tae…” Jimin responded, his voice gentle and soothing, Taehyung’s shoulders relaxing a bit at the tone. “You really… You really like him, don’t you?”There was a pause, though Taehyung wasn’t sure what was stopping him from answering. Both him and Jimin already knew the answer, Jimin had been there after the fight. He’d spent hours calming Taehyung, wiping away his tears and whispering reassurances.Jimin knows, and once Taehyung reminded himself of that, he slowly nodded, eyes lifting to look at Jimin.“I do,” those two words were spoken with confidence, no doubt behind the words.Much like Jungkook had said.He felt too much.Taehyung felt too much.Jimin was pleased with the answer, a small smile forming on his lips as he lifted his hands to cup Taehyung’s cheeks, squishing them together quickly before he let his thumbs brush over Taehyung’s tanned cheeks.“Yoongi wants to go out there to see him sometime soon. He wants to try and bring Jungkook back at some point,” Jimin murmured, tipping his head to the side. “Come with us.”~Jungkook did call that night. They talked a lot, but both avoided mentioning the texts. Taehyung wasn’t sure about Jungkook, but he was scared of what they were, if anything was going to change.In four days, Taehyung was pretty sure he’d spoken to Jungkook more over the phone then they ever spoke in person. Dark circles had formed under his eyes from staying up late into the night talking to the younger boy.Poking at the dark circles still visible through his normal concealer, Taehyung huffed a heavy sigh. He’d planned to go out with Yoongi and Jimin and was supposed to pick them up ten minutes ago, but he’d woken up much later than expected and knew he didn’t look presentable.Pulling out his Tarte Shape Tape, Taehyung worked on minimizing his dark circles. It helped a lot but he was still visibly tired.It would have to do.Pulling on his heavy wool sweater, Taehyung made his way out of the apartment, still pushing his phone and wallet into his slacks.It wasn’t long before he’d arrived at Yoongi’s apartment, not shocked by the amount of Jimin’s shoes he saw. Since Jungkook had left, Jimin had been staying at Yoongi’s a lot more, partially because his boyfriend was still upset and partially because Jin liked inviting his own boyfriends over.What was shocking was the sound of heavy footsteps, something hitting the floor with a heavy thud and the voice of his best friend pleading “Yoongi, please stop!”It was more than shocking, it was horrifying. Taehyung was quick to follow the sounds, his hands clenched into fist as he turned the corner.The scene was not what he’d been expecting. Yoongi pulled his arm away from where Jimin was holding him tightly, storming over to the dresser and grabbing handfuls of clothes, tossing them into the suitcase on the floor, probably what he heard earlier.“Yoongi, you can’t just go!” Jimin exclaimed, taking Yoongi’s shoulder and pulling him away from the suitcase.“I said that if anyone laid a fucking finger on him, I was bringing him back,” Yoongi practically snarled, going into the bathroom for a moment.“What’s…. going on?” Taehyung whispered, taking Jimin’s arm. His friend looked at his with a gaze that screamed  help me. “It’s Jungkook… his parents, they…” jimin didn’t finish, but he didn’t have to.Taehyung knew exactly what he was saying.“They’ve been like this for years, ever since Jungkook was outed,” Yoongi murmured, walking back into the room. He dropped an assortment of toiletries into the suitcase, kicking it shut. “He texted me about ten minutes ago, but didn’t tell me why they did it.”Yoongi looked stressed, his hair sticking up all over the place, his eyes dropping slightly. He sighed before looking at Taehyung.“I’m driving out to get him. Do you want to come with me?” Yoongi asked, the question directed at both the younger boys.“I’m obviously coming with you,” Jimin murmured, gently slipping his hand into Yoongi’s, kissing his boyfriend’s shoulder. “I don’t like that we’re going, but we have to… for Kookie.”Taehyung stared at Yoongi for a moment before nodding slowly.“You go ahead. I’m gonna go back to my place and pack a bag. I’ll drive down behind you.”~Taehyung tried to follow behind Yoongi on the way there, but that was easier said than done.Yoongi had always been a reckless driver, something Jimin encouraged with late night drives and races down empty highways.His anger only seemed to make it worse. Taehyung wasn’t the slowest driver himself and he should have caught up to Yoongi at this pace.But the older’s vehicle was nowhere to be seen.Taehyung has never been to Busan but he knew it would be a long drive. He’d made a playlist of songs to get him through the drive.Currently, the bass from  Bang Bang Bang was vibrating through his car.In the break between songs, Taehyung could hear his phone ringing, the volume not loud enough to be heard over his music.Turning down the music just as  Gashina  came on, Taehyung answered the call, turning it to speaker.“Hello?” He answered, not taking his eyes off the road as he spoke.“ Hey, babe. You didn’t text today .”Ah, that nickname. Jungkook had started using it during their calls, it was so natural between them. Taehyung didn’t question it, not wanting the younger to stop.“Yeah, I was a bit busy. Are you okay?” Taehyung chewed at his lower lip as silence followed, the only sound being his music playing softly in the background.“ Did Yoongi tell you? ” Jungkook finally asked, his voice lowered a bit. Taehyung hummed softly before he realized Jungkook probably couldn’t hear him.“Yeah, he did.” A soft curse could be heard on the other end before Jungkook sighed.“ Look, I’m fine. You guys don’t need to worry. Yoongi always overreacts about these things,” Jungkook murmured, the words doing nothing to calm Taehyung down.Taehyung focused his gaze back on the road, lips parting when he saw a city on the horizon, one he only guessed was Busan.Jungkook was so close.“ Tae? Are you still there? ” Taehyung blinked a few times before he picked up his phone again.“Yeah, sorry. I’m driving right now. I should go, but I’ll talk to you later?”“ Fuck, why didn’t you say that earlier?! Don’t drive and talk to me at the same time!  ” Jungkook exclaimed, his worry bringing a soft smile to Taehyung’s lips. “  But yeah… we’ll talk later. Bye, Tae. ”Two beeps signaled that the call ended and Taehyung slumped back in his seat, a heavy sigh leaving his lips.He couldn’t wait to see Jungkook.



Chapter 14
Chapter Summary
“Where are you?”“Uh...Busan? You already know this.”“No, I know that, but where? I’m here and I need your address.”“What?! Why the fuck are you here?!”“I wanted to see you.”



Taehyung was lying on his back, staring at the ceiling of the hotel room as Jimin tried to convince his pacing boyfriend that it wouldn’t be wise to go storming to Jungkook’s house, bang on the door, and demand to given Jungkook.“Yoongi, it’s almost midnight! If we go to their house now, we’ll probably get the cops called on us or something.”Taehyung sighed, feeling exhausted and restless. He wanted to do something, he wanted to see Jungkook, not sit around waiting until morning. As Yoongi continued to wear a hole through the floor, Taehyung pushed himself up off the bed, drawing Jimin’s attention.“TaeTae?” Jimin questioned.“ ‘M going for a walk.” Taehyung pulled on his shoes, steadying himself with one hand on the wall.“Okay, but don’t go to far. We don’t want you to get lost, again.”“That was one time!”Jimin giggle was cut off by the door. Hopefully those two remembered the ground rules Taehyung had laid down when they decided to all share one room. Taehyung pulled out his phone once he was in the hotel’s parking lot. He put it up to his ear as it rang, walking to his car.“You never texted me back.” Jungkook’s quiet voice filters through the phone.“I was busy and didn’t want to risk getting you in trouble.” Taehyung pulled the car door shut. “Where are you?”“Uh...Busan? You already know this.”“No, I know that, but where? I’m here and I need your address.”“What?! Why the fuck are you here?!”“I wanted to see you.”Taehyung listens to the silence before Jungkook sighs.“Okay.” While Jungkook lists his address, Taehyung copies it into  Google Maps .“I’ll be there soon.” Taehyung promises before hanging up.~Taehyung parked across the street from Jungkook’s house and turns off the car before texting Jungkook. 
To: Jungkookiiiiie~♥

 i think i’m here

 Sent : 00:16 
 Taehyung tapped his foot anxiously, hoping none of the neighbors were awake. A few houses down on the other side of the street, he saw someone stick their head out of a window before hopping out. The person turned around to slowly shut their window and Taehyung internally laughed that Jungkook wasn’t the only person sneaking out tonight. The figure look up and down the street before they started jogging towards his car.
 Wait… 
As Taehyung started considering the likeliness of him being murdered, the stranger passed under a streetlight.
 Oh...it’s Jungkook. 
Jungkook reached the car and slipped inside. For a moment neither of them said anything until Jungkook broke the silence.“Why did you park so far away?”“Fucking  Google Maps  told me I was here, piece of shit..” Taehyung grumbled.Jungkook threw back his head and laughed. Taehyung couldn’t help but stare. Jungkook met his gaze and his laugh died out at they just stared at each other, unmoving. Taehyung’s eyes drifted down Jungkook’s face to his left cheek. He frown slightly when he noticed the discoloration mostly hidden by the shadows. He reached up and turned on the overhead light. Jungkook flinched at the sudden brightness and they both narrowed their eyes as they adjusted to the new light.With his face now fully illuminated, the purple bruise on Jungkook’s face was very noticeable. Taehyung doesn’t know what came over him, but he lifted a shaking hand and reached towards Jungkook’s face. The younger said nothing, just watched Taehyung’s hand as it approached his face. When his hand touched Jungkook’s cheek, Jungkook winced subtly, but Taehyung noticed and jerked his hand back like he had been burned.“I’m sorry, I don’t know why I did that.”Jungkook didn’t respond, he simply reached for Taehyung’s hand and brought it back to his face so that it cupped his cheek. He closed his eyes and leaned into Taehyung’s hand. Taehyung gently ran his thumb along Jungkook’s cheekbone and the younger sighed before opening his eyes and releasing his hold on Taehyung’ hand.“...I missed you, Tae.”“It was like...two weeks.”“I know, but it was too long.”Taehyung felt his cheeks heat up at the emotion in the other’s voice and eyes, he took his hand back and turned the car light off. He faced forward in his seat, knowing his face must be red. He cleared his throat as he started the car.“Where are we headed?”Jungkook was silent for a moment as he thought.“The beach.” As he answered, Taehyung put the car into drive and began the trip to the ocean, soft music playing through the car.“Ah… Hyung made this,” Jungkook murmured as he listened to the Lofi Hiphop that was playing.“Yeah, he made this for me a while ago. It’s very calming,” Taehyung responded, biting his lower lip. Jungkook laughed softly as he shifted in his seat.“He did not, this was for me.”“Was not.”“Was too.”“When did he give you the CD?” Taehyung retorted, smirking as he glanced at Jungkook.“Fall of 2016.”Silence filled the car for a moment before Taehyung swore softly.He’d only gotten it three months ago.“You win this time, Jeon. But I’ll get you someday.” Jungkook giggled as Taehyung spoke, reaching over to gently hold Taehyung’s hand on the gearshift.They stayed like that for a bit, not speaking, only listening to the music.“Hey, go down this road here. I’ll show you where I would always go,” Jungkook’s voice was quiet, barely above a whisper. Taehyung nodded and turned down the side road. Jungkook directed him for a bit, only a few minutes passing before they were parked on the side of a gravel road.“Come on. It’s not far from here.”Taehyung knew they were close, the strong scent of sea water in the air. He was sure he could hear the waves from where he was standing outside of the car.Around them was a thick line of trees, a fence running through them. Jungkook took Taehyung’s hand and lead him to the fence, glancing around for a moment before he let out a small “aha!”, pulling Taehyung a bit further down the fence.He watched as the younger shook a spot on the fence before he felt closer to where the support pole was, pulling on it roughly. It didn’t take much before he pulled free and Jungkook was able to pull the wire fence out of the way, letting Taehyung pass through.“There’s a nice clearing on the beach here, but I got tired of climbing the fence to get to it when I lived here,” Jungkook explained as he followed Taehyung through, letting the wire fall back into place. “So I cut the fence one day and apparently no one ever noticed.”“I can’t believe it… I’ve snuck out with a delinquent,” Taehyung gasped dramatically, lifting a hand to his chest. “It starts out with cutting fences and sneaking out. Next thing I know, I’m gonna be plastered all over the news for smuggling cocaine into the country with you.”Jungkook snorted as he followed Taehyung through the trees, a hand resting on his back.“First we need to change your hair and name. Baby steps,” Jungkook smiled, his bunny teeth showing as they finally stepped out of the small forest, not standing on a secluded section of the beach.A small sound left Taehyung lips as he stepped further onto the sand, staring at the ocean. He’d never seen the ocean look this beautiful before. Feeling a gaze on his back, Taehyung turned to look at Jungkook. The younger had a small smile on his lips as he stared at Taehyung, pushing up the sleeves of his hoodie before slipping his hands into his pockets.“Why did you come, Tae…?” Jungkook kept his voice low, not wanting to disturb the quiet beach.“I told you why…” Taehyung murmured, though both of them knew there was more to it than him missing Jungkook. When the younger doesn’t respond, Taehyung sighed softly, walking a bit further onto the beach before he sat down on the sand, Jungkook following not long after.They sat close, close enough that Taehyung could feel the heat from Jungkook on his arm, close enough that if he moved his hand a few inches over, he could hold Jungkook’s hand. Yet something stopped him, even though they’d done it many times before.“I guess… I just want answers…” Taehyung murmured, not looking Jungkook in the eyes as he spoke. He stared at the space between their hands. He frowned when he looked at Jungkook’s arm, seeing fresh bruises on his forearm, almost like fingerprints. He swallowed as he finally reached out to brush his fingers over marks, feeling Jungkook’s arm tense for a moment before he relaxed. Taehyung slowly lifted his eyes to Jungkook’s, his lips parted a bit.“I’m sorry… I couldn’t come sooner…” Taehyung whispered, pulling his hand away from Jungkook’s arm,  not wanting the younger to feel how it trembled.Jungkook didn’t respond for a moment, only a soft hum breaking the silence before he finally spoke.“It’s not your fault, Tae, you didn’t know what was happening…” Jungkook murmured, tipping his head back to stare at the night sky, the stars visible now without the lights of the city around them. “As for answers… The night we fought… I was scared. I wanted so much with you, I’ve wanted it for so long, yet when it was right in front of me, I panicked.” Jungkook took a moment to think, his lower lip pulled in between his teeth. Taehyung could see a crease between the boy’s eyebrows, but didn’t say anything, waiting for Jungkook to finish his thought. “I would risk my career to be with you, I don’t care about how many fans I lose because I’m with you. But I didn’t want to push you into sacrificing everything you’ve built. Not for me… And I don’t know if Yoongi told you, but my parents aren’t the most… accepting people.”A harsh laugh left Taehyung’s lips, too loud for such a quiet space, but he couldn’t hold it in.“Oh, I figured that one out on my own.”“Yeah… So I guess part of me was kinda scared away from us because of them…” Jungkook let out a nervous laugh, lowering his gaze to where Taehyung was now holding his hand.Taehyung could see Jungkook swallow, a conflicted look on his face as he stared at their hands. He was going to ask Jungkook what was on his mind, but he got the answer soon enough.“I really believe I might love you, Taehyung…”And time stopped.Taehyung inhales sharply, his hand trembling and he stared at Jungkook, his lips parted. He could no longer hear the water against the shore, the only sound he could hear was the pounding of his heart and the echoing of Jungkook’s words in his head.He didn’t notice he was crying until he felt Jungkook’s hand lift to his cheek, wiping away his tears. As sound came back, Taehyung could hear Jungkook whispering softly.“Tae, don’t cry… What’s wrong, baby?”Without thinking, Taehyung let out a giggle before he lurched forward, wrapping his arms around Jungkook and knocking them back onto the sand. Taehyung held onto Jungkook tightly, laying on his chest before he pulled away to stare down at Jungkook. The younger was staring back at him with a smile spread on his lips, his hands resting on Taehyung’s waist.Though they’d done it many times before, Taehyung still felt butterflies fluttering in his stomach as he leaned down to press his lips to Jungkook’s, his eyes slowly sliding closed, his hands sliding down to Jungkook’s chest.“I think I love you too,” Taehyung whispered without pulling away from the kiss completely, giggling against Jungkook’s lips. He pressed a few more soft pecks to the younger’s lips before he pulled back, eyes soft. “Come back to Seoul with me…”Jungkook stared at Taehyung for a moment before he sighed, slowly, pushing them back into a sitting position, Taehyung now leaning against Jungkook’s chest.“I cant… I can’t pay for school on my own, and my parents were paying for my schooling. They wouldn’t let me go back,” Jungkook murmured as his arm wrapped around Taehyung’s waist, leaning down to press a kiss to Taehyung’s forehead.“I’ll do it,” Taehyung responded without hesitance. “I’ll pay for your schooling.”“What?!” Jungkook’s voice cracked at his sudden outburst, pulling back to look at Taehyung. “You can’t do that!” Taehyung rolled his eyes, a smile playing on his lips.“You can pay me back if that helps. I just…” Taehyung was quiet for a moment, the smile falling from his lips, his eyes now a bit troubled. “I don’t want you to be here anymore...you can’t be here anymore.”Taehyung could see Jungkook thinking, his lips pressed together as he looked at the ground. Silence stretched on for a few moments before Jungkook finally met Taehyung’s eyes again.“You’ll… Let me pay you back…?” His words are quiet, almost inaudible. Taehyung nodded quickly, the smile back on his lips in an instant.“Of course! As long as you come back with me!”Taehyung could see how hesitant Jungkook was, but he could also tell that Jungkook wanted to leave. Desperately.“Okay… But only if you let me pay you back…” At these words, Taehyung let out a happy laugh, hugging Jungkook tightly again.“I accept kisses and cuddles as payment,” Taehyung joked, leaning in to press his lips to Jungkook’s quickly before he pulled back, moving to stand up. Jungkook followed, both of them brushing the sand from their legs before Taehyung helped Jungkook with the sand across the back of his hoodie.“Thank god you’re coming back, Yoongi will be so happy!” Taehyung giggled, brushing the last bit of sand off the younger’s back.“Was he that lost without me?” Jungkook smiled, as he took Taehyung’s hand, leading him back toward the fence.“Jimin basically moved into the apartment after you left, if that gives you an idea of how lonely he was.”Taehyung caught the smile on Jungkook’s lips as he pushed the fence out of the way.“Yeah, Yoongi and I… we have quite the past together…”Taehyung slipped through the fence before he looked at Jungkook, a smile on his lips.“Really? Like what?” Taehyung asked, interest piqued from the vague statement. At Taehyung’s questioning, however, Jungkook stretched his arms above his head and let out the fakest yawn Taehyung had ever heard.“Wow, would you look at the time!” Jungkook said quickly, looking down at his bare wrist. “You should be taking me home!”Before he could get anything else out of Jungkook, the younger made a mad dash through the trees, back toward the car.Shaking his head, Taehyung simply laughed. He’s sure he’ll hear the story eventually.



Chapter 15
Chapter Summary
“Jungkook? What are you doing awake at this hour?” His mother asked, stepping into the room. He watched as her eyes fell first on the backpack in his hands, and then on the boxes by the still open window. He opened his mouth to answer her question, but his words failed him when his eyes met his father’s cold ones. Jungkook watched in silence as his father stalked to the window and slammed it shut. He winced at the sound involuntarily. His mother took a step closer and his eyes flicked to her.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Jungkook held his breath as he removed the screen of his window, carefully stepping into his room, trying to be as quiet as possible. When the screen was back in place and Jungkook didn’t hear any sounds in the hallway, he relaxed, letting out a sigh of relief.Part of him had been expecting to come back to one of his parents sitting on his bed, waiting for him. It had happened a few times back when he was a teenager and was sneaking out to go see his friends.He hated the aftermath that always came with it.But apparently his technique for sneaking out has improved since then.Slipping out his phone, Jungkook opened it up to his chat with Taehyung, texting him with a smile on his face. 
To: TaeBear ♥♥♥

 I had a great time… Thank you... 

 Sent : 01:57 
 Jungkook didn’t even turn off his screen before a response came in. Taehyung had always been insanely fast at texting back, but this also meant his thoughts never really made it into one text, normally spaced out in many, humourly spaced out texts. 
From: TaeBear ♥♥♥

 yeah i had a great time too 

 but 

 apparently 

 we werent the only ones to have a good time 

 Sent : 01:58 
 Jungkook frowned as his phone buzzed repeatedly before a photo came in from Taehyung. He clicked on the image to open it and promptly shut off his phone with a startled yelp.The photo consisted of a very naked Jimin and Yoongi tangled together on the bed, fast asleep. 
From: TaeBear ♥♥♥

 i am 

 disgusted 

 the room fucking smells like sex 

 gross gross GROSS 

 Sent : 02:01 
 
To: TaeBear ♥♥♥

 I… Really didn’t need to see Jimin like that… 

 Sent : 02:01 
 
From: TaeBear ♥♥♥

 just jimin???? 

 not yoooongi???? 

 Sent : 02:02 
 
To: TaeBear ♥♥♥

 Oh, I’ve seen Yoongi like that before. Nothing new. 

 Sent : 02:02 
 
From: TaeBear ♥♥♥

 ;))) 

 lol 

 weirdo ;)) 

 Sent : 02:03 
 Jungkook smiled down at the text for a moment before he shut off his phone, tossing it onto his bed. Him and Taehyung had planned on how to get Jungkook back to Seoul as easily as possible.His parents are normally up around 8am, so they planned on having Taehyung come by with his car around 5am so they could start moving boxes from Jungkook’s window into the car. They agreed that not all of it would be able to come with them and Jungkook would have to prioritize what he wants to take back.He knew a lot that would stay behind would be books he would never read and clothes that he can easily get back in Seoul.It’s not like it’s hard to find white shirts and sweats.Jungkook looked around his room. In the couple weeks he’d been here, he hadn’t really unpacked much, part of him hoping that he’d get out.It seemed that his dream came true pretty quickly.He just had to sort through his boxes and pack up what he wanted to take back. He figured that he wouldn’t be getting any sleep tonight, as he only had a few hours to get through all these boxes.With a sigh, Jungkook opened up one box, sorting through it as quietly as possible.It would be a long night.~Jungkook had all the boxes he was hoping to take piled near the window, the most important boxes on the top. He paced around his room in an effort to stay awake until Tae arrived, unwillingly recalling all the dents that had been patched up after being shoved or knocked into the walls. He stopped in front of the window, turning his back to the room, and pressed his forehead to the glass.He stayed like that until movement outside of his window caught his attention. Lifting his head, he saw Taehyung’s car pull up in front of his house on the street, parallel to his bedroom window. He went through the practiced motions of opening the window and removing the screen as Taehyung got out of his car and opened both his truck and the door to the backseat of his car.“Hey,” Taehyung whispered as he approached the window, “did ya miss me?”“Of course.” Jungkook smiled as he leaned out the window to press a chaste kiss on Taehyung’s lips.Taehyung pointed one of his hands at Jungkook’s chest in the shape of a gun and gestured with the other hand. “Now, hand over all your belongings and no one gets hurt.”Jungkook just laughed quietly and pushed at Taehyung’s chest. He grabbed the top box from the stack and passed it to Taehyung, who took it and put it in his backseat. They worked methodically, but Taehyung’s car was much smaller than a moving van and there were actually quite a few boxes that stayed in Jungkook’s room. All of them but one were filled clothes, something Jungkook could easily replace.“I mean, how hard can it be for you to replace sweatpants and white t-shirts?” Taehyung teased as they went through the last box that couldn’t fit into the car, double-checking that there wasn’t anything in it that Jungkook wanted to take back with him.Jungkook didn’t say anything, he just smiled cheekily at Taehyung as he stuffed a few miscellaneous items into a backpack. He went around his room once more, checking that he hadn’t accidentally left anything behind as Taehyung went to the car. He’s on the far side of his room, away from both the window and the bedroom door, when said door swung open to reveal his parents lit by the hall light.“Jungkook? What are you doing awake at this hour?” His mother asked, stepping into the room. He watched as her eyes fell first on the backpack in his hands, and then on the boxes by the still open window. He opened his mouth to answer her question, but his words failed him when his eyes met his father’s cold ones. Jungkook watched in silence as his father stalked to the window and slammed it shut. He winced at the sound involuntarily. His mother took a step closer and his eyes flicked to her.“What are you doing, Jungkook?” She repeated, this time a cold edge to her words. Jungkook weighed his options in his head. He could lie, but they would know and then he would have next to no chance of getting out. Telling the truth was the better option, but that didn’t mean it would be easy.“I…” Jungkook swallowed, “I’m leaving. I-I can’t be here anymore. I’m an adult and I need to be able to live my life without you guys trying to control it constantly.”His parents were silent for a moment before his mother lifted her hand and slapped him hard enough to turn his head, the sound ringing through the room. For a moment, Jungkook just stared at the wall, his cheek already stinging.“How...dare you, Jungkook.” Anger laced the coldness in his mother’s voice. “We raised you, took care of you, and this is how you repay us? Do you have any idea how much grief you’ve caused us with this...this rebellious,  gay phase?”“Shut up.” Jungkook hissed darkly, pulling his backpack onto his shoulder. “You didn’t raise me, you abused me. And I’m done living under your rules.” He pushed past his mother into the hallway, heading for the front door. He reached the front door, his parents probably shocked in his bedroom, and opened it, seeing Taehyung coming up the walkway. Just as he was about to step through the front door, a hand roughly grabbed his collar and yanked him backwards. Jungkook spun around to come face to face with his father, who grabbed fistfuls of the front of Jungkook’s shirt.“You think you can just leave? Just like that? You just want to leave so you can go back to fucking guys in seoul, right?”Jungkook just stared at his father, attempting to keep calm and not panic as he tried to think of how to get away.“No, you aren’t leaving this house. We didn’t raise a fucking gay.”“You’re right, you didn’t...You tried to destroy that part of me.” Jungkook grabbed his father’s hand and pushed them away, taking a step back towards the door. “I’d rather be dead than hide any longer.”His father looked downright murderous at this point and made to grab Jungkook again, but the son was quicker. Jungkook grabbed his father’s shirt and rammed his fist into his jaw, knocking his father off his feet. Jungkook didn’t even wait to see his father hit the floor, adrenaline rushing through his veins as he turned and sprinted through the front door, grabbing Taehyung’s wrist as he ran past him.“Come on! We have to go, now!”They rushed to Taehyung’s car, scrambling to get inside. Luckily, Taehyung had the foresight to keep the car running, so they were driving the moment the doors closed. Jungkook quickly found Taehyung’s hand and laced their fingers together.~By the time Taehyung had parked the car, Jungkook was finally coming down from the adrenaline high, his hands still trembling slightly in Taehyung’s grasp. Squeezing his hand tightly, Jungkook couldn’t stop the laugh that bubbled up in his chest, his lips spreading into a wide smile.“I… I punched him…” Jungkook’s words were barely above a whisper, his eyes lifting to Taehyung’s face. The older had a small smile on his lips as he tipped his head.“How did it feel?”“Fucking… amazing…” Jungkook laughed, those words bringing a boxy grin to Taehyung’s lips, his eyes pushed into crescents as he laughed, the low breathy laugh that Jungkook never got tired of.After composing themselves, Taehyung patted Jungkook’s tight and undid his seatbelt.“Come on, big boy. Let’s go see the others,” Taehyung hummed as he slipped out of the car. Jungkook followed behind him, his hand quickly finding Taehyung’s again.The door to the hotel room was barely open before Jimin pushed past Taehyung and jumped to Jungkook, arms wrapping around the younger’s neck, squeezing him in a tight hug. Jimin didn’t say a word, seeming at a loss as he held Jungkook tightly. After a moment, a hand rested on Jimin’s shoulder and the blonde stepped away from Jungkook, Yoongi soon replacing him in an embrace.“Kook-ah… I’m so glad you’re okay…” Yoongi’s voice sounded choked, his face pressed to Jungkook’s neck, rubbing his back slowly. Jungkook smiled softly as he hugged Yoongi against his chest, nuzzling his hair.“Thank you for coming…”When Yoongi pulled away from the hug, his eyes finally lifted to Jungkook’s face. The tears that had been in the corners of his eyes rolled down his cheeks as his lips parted. Jungkook was confused at first but when he felt a hand lift to brush over his cheek, he remember the bruise that was there, having forgotten about the pain for a moment.“Don’t worry, Hyung,” Taehyung’s low voice cut in, his hand coming to rest on Yoongi’s arm, moving his hand away from Jungkook’s cheek. “From what I could see, I think Kookie almost broke his dad’s jaw... And I think he was holding back…”As Taehyung spoke, his hand moved to gently trail over Jungkook’s arm, not-so-subtly staring at his muscles. Jungkook tried to stop a blush from rising but he was a weak man and he liked how Taehyung was looking at him.“With muscles like these… I’m sure he could have done a lot worse,” Taehyung’s eyes finally flicked up to look at Jungkook, a smirk on his plump lips. Jungkook didn’t pay any attention to the other two in the room as he leaned towards Taehyung, their lips so close yet so far.“With muscles like these, I’m sure there’s lots you want me to do to you,” Jungkook smirked as he wrapped an arm around the boy’s waist, smiling widely as Taehyung giggled, slapping his chest gently.They’re interrupted by Jimin fake gagging from where he was draped over Yoongi’s shoulder, back hugging his boyfriend tightly.“Y’all are disgusting,” Jimin murmured, lips pushed into a pout as he stared at them. Taehyung scoffed as he settled his hand on Jungkook’s chest, rolling his eyes.“Rich coming from someone who broke the only rule I gave you last night,” Taehyung muttered, a slight bite to his words. Jimin giggled at the mention of the rule, leaning in to press a kiss to Yoongi’s shoulder, the older trying to keep a straight face, though Jungkook could see the faintest hint of a smile on his lips.“I can’t help it,” Jimin shrugged, eyes darting to Yoongi, looking him over for a moment before he turned his gaze back to Taehyung. “I’m a thirsty bitch.”Yoongi cleared his throat quickly, his cheeks burning as he scratched the back of his neck.“We should get going if we want to make it back for dinner…” As Yoongi spoke, he turned away from them, quickly picking up their bags, his ears still a bright red, making Jungkook giggle.“Oh yeah! Jin-hyung has the boys over to help with dinner!” Jimin smiled, seemingly excited by the idea of food made by the eldest.“They’ll probably be too busy with each other that dinner won’t be done by the time we get back,” Taehyung joked, though Jungkook wasn’t exactly sure what they were talking about. He frowned as he looked between them, hoping to get hints from just the conversation.“Honestly, it’s disgusting. Namjoon and Hobi have their own apartment but they feel the need to always come over to our place! Like, they’re so loud!” Jimin groaned, grabbing his bag from the bed as they all began to make their way out to the parking lot, Yoongi turning in the room keys at the desk.Still unsure of what they were talking about, Jungkook decided to cut in.“What are you talking about…?” Jungkook asked hesitantly. He was really hoping that the three of them hadn’t gotten into a fight and things were awkward between them. Last he’d heard, things seemed fine between the three of them, though he was sure there must be some tension now that Namjoon and Jin were together.“Oh, you never heard?” Taehyung tipped his head as he looked at Jungkook.“Oh yeah, it happened right before you left,” Jimin hummed, walking next to them.“What happened?” Jungkook frowned as he looked between them, worry in his eyes.“Namjoon and Jin…”“They may have…”“You know…”“WHAT?!” Jungkook finally exclaimed, wanting the two two cut to the chase.“Namjoon and Jin asked out Hobi~!” Taehyung giggled as he squeezed Jungkook’s arm, smiling up at him. Jungkook’s eyes widened in shock, but he didn’t have a chance to question it further before Taehyung quickly pulled him to the car, Yoongi and Jimin going to their own vehicle.“See you back in Seoul!” Taehyung called, waving at his best friend. Jimin waved back as he was getting into the car.“We’ll race you!” He called back.“No we won’t!” Yoongi had the last say as he ushered Jimin into the car, closing the door.Jungkook was still trying to process the idea of Namjoon, Jin  and  Hoseok all dating.“Kookie?” Taehyung asked, snapping Jungkook out of his thoughts. He blinked a few times before he looked at Taehyung “Can we take a quick picture for my Insta before we go?”“Oh, yeah, sure,” Jungkook said as he got into the car, Taehyung quickly bounding around to the drivers side, slipping into his seat, opening up his phone camera as he got in.Jungkook reached into the from pocket of his bag and pulled out his plain black mask, slipping it over his nose and mouth, looking at Taehyung.“Can you flex for me?” Taehyung asked, holding out the phone to take a photo. Jungkook does as he says, lifting his arm and flexing. Taehyung giggled as he held onto Jungkook’s muscles, leaning close as he took a photo of himself. It was angled just right so Jungkook’s face wasn’t visible.Jungkook’s phone buzzed a few moments later and he pulled it out to see a notification from Taehyung’s Instagram account. He opened the photo and couldn’t help but laugh when he saw the caption.
 What’s Tasty in Busan??? 




Chapter End Notes
We are soooo close to the end now guys ;w; it's so crazy that we even made it this far. thank you so much for sticking with us, even with out crazy upload schedule... Next chapter is the epilogue!!!


Epilogue
Chapter Summary
“So this video, again, as the title says, is the Boyfriend Tag! I wanted to do the Boyfriend Tag while I do his makeup, but SOMEONE wouldn’t agree!”
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





It had been about an hour since Taehyung had said he was going to start filming his latest video.


Instead, the past hour had been used to try and calm his nerves, scrolling through the comments on his newest Instagram picture.


He’d gotten a blurry shot of Jungkook’s hands as he played Overwatch, still keeping Jungkook’s face hidden in pictures. The caption read ‘

just finishing a quick ow match before filming!!!’



Comments flooded in quickly, many quickly stating that there was no way those were Taehyung’s hands, others simply asking him who he mained.


And too many comments seemed to guess that Taehyung was seeing someone, a common occurrence since his ‘

What’s tasty in Busan?’ 

photo, a good portion of them mentioning Jungkook.


He must not be as subtle as he thought.


Letting out a slow breath, Taehyung set down his phone and looked at Jungkook. The younger was sitting on the couch, out of view of where Taehyung would be filming. 


“It’s okay, baby. It’s not like it’s live. You can redo it and edit it as much at you need,” Jungkook smiled as he got up from his spot on the couch. “And I’ll be right here, okay?” Taehyung could feel his muscles relax the moment Jungkook cupped his cheeks, pressing a gentle kiss to his Hyung’s forehead. 


“I love you, Kookie…” Taehyung whispered, his hands gently touching Jungkook’s thighs.


“I love you too, Taebear,” Jungkook hummed, smiling down at Taehyung before he stepped back, patting Taehyung’s hand gently. “Now get to filming.”


Taehyung watched Jungkook sit back on the couch before he let out a slow breath, turning in his seat. He took a moment to pick up the lipstick sitting on the vanity, applying it carefully before he pressed his lips together. 


“Okay… Let’s go…”


~


A wide smile spread over Taehyung’s lips as he clapped his hands together, staring into the camera lens.


“Helloooo~ my lovely BABs! It has been a hot minute since I’ve uploaded! Sorry for the inactivity lately, I’ve had a lot going on,” he greeted, shifting a bit in his seat. He knew that he looked nervous as he spoke, but also knew that if he were to try and redo any of his takes, he’d most likely do worse.


“One of those things, as you can probably tell from the title, is I found myself a boyfriend,” as he said this, Taehyung gestured down to where he knew the title of the video would be.

 The Boyfriend Tag!!!!

 “Yes, you saw that right. The boy that does videos about makeup for a living is gay. Shocking, I know,” he giggled, smiling when he heard a soft laugh from Jungkook. He couldn’t help himself from glancing over to where his boyfriend was lounging on the couch, staring back at him with a soft smile.


Turning back to the camera, Taehyung felt a bit more relaxed, repeating in his mind that this would be okay, that they would be okay.


“First I want to say thank you so much to all of my beautiful fans out there. I love all of you so much. You’ve all stuck with me though so much and you’ve always accepted me for me,” Taehyung couldn’t stop the slight waver in his voice as he spoke, reminding himself that he would not cry in this video. Clearing his throat, Taehyung smiled back up at the camera, his eyes glittering with excitement. “Now let’s get to the good shit!” 


Taehyung knew he would add in a cut here, adding in his intro. He took a moment to take a sip from his water bottle before he continued.


“So this video, again, as the title says, is the Boyfriend Tag! I 

wanted 

to do the Boyfriend Tag while I do his makeup, but 

SOMEONE 

wouldn’t agree!” Taehyung turned to Jungkook, narrowing his eyes at him, lips pushing out in a pout, an action that only got him a laugh in return. Letting out a small huff, Taehyung turned his gaze back to the camera. “I’m sure you guys are dying to know who it is, and some of you have probably guessed already. I see your tweets and comments. Y’all have read me like a book,” Taehyung smiled as he straightened a bit, almost like he was introducing Jungkook to his family for the first time. He held out his hand for Jungkook, watching the boy stand up from the couch. “Now let me introduce my boyfriend!”


Jungkook slipped his hand into Taehyung’s, not letting go as he sat down, shifting a bit nervously as he looked at the camera. Taehyung could tell he was a bit uncomfortable, but they’d talked about it before and Jungkook had agreed to do it anyways, stating he’d get used to filming eventually.


Taehyung giggles as he wrapped his arms around Jungkook’s shoulders, a boxy grin on his lips.


“Jeon Jungkook!” He exclaimed, squeezing Jungkook close to him, kissing his shoulder, causing the younger to giggle. “Or as some of you may know him, 

JJK97

 on instagram! Go check it out, he’s super hot and has like, the 

best 

abs I have ever seen! I’ll link his account in the description box. You’re welcome,” Taehyung winked, hand gently touching Jungkook’s chest. He felt a lot calmer now that he actually had Jungkook sitting next to him.


It seemed, however, that Jungkook was only getting more uncomfortable the longer he was in front of the camera. Taehyung gently rubbed the boys back, trying to relax him a bit. 


Last thing he wanted was people saying he’d kidnapped Jungkook or something. 


“Alright, baby, are you ready?” Taehyung softened his voice a bit as he asked Jungkook, feeling the boy relax slightly. With a small smile on his lips, Jungkook nodded. Picking up the paper with all the questions, Taehyung shifted to look at Jungkook. “Then let’s get into the questions!” 


~


Taehyung fell back against the couch after turning off his camera. He stretched, eyes falling closed and letting out a sigh as he relaxed. When fingers ran through his hair gently, he smiled. Taehyung opened his eyes and turned to his boyfriend, a cheeky grin on his face.


"How is it that in your photos, you’re so confident, but on video you become like, the most awkward person?" He teased, leaning in close.


" ‘Cause no one has to hear my voice in photos!" Jungkook’s eyes flicked down to Taehyung’s lips. He lifted a hand to cup Taehyung’s jaw, gently running his thumb across his lips. The pale pink transferred to his thumb and he brought it closer to inspect. "This color is nice..."


"You think so?"


"Yeah, what brand is it?"


"Ah, yeah..." Taehyung pulled an unlabeled lipstick tube from his pocket, "I'm experimenting to start my own line of lipsticks, so I've been messing around with some colors."


"You made this one?"


"Yeah, everyone loves a good nude lip. I thought you might like this color." Taehyung reapplied the lipstick, pressing his lips together. "I already picked the name of this shade."


"What is it?"


Taehyung leaned in to press a chaste kiss to Jungkook's lips, leaving some color on his boyfriend's lips. "Cooky."




Chapter End Notes
Hey everyone! We just wanted to say thank you so much to everyone who read and stuck with this story! We wanted to get this chapter out on Christmas as gift for you all. We hope you enjoy it! Merry Christmas!
Also, we're currently planning two more stories for this series, so we hope you look forward to those!



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



