



Oops Sorry - VeryGhost - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Oops, Sorry
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/8603488.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jung Hoseok | J-Hope/Min Yoongi | Suga, Kim Taehyung | V/Park Jimin, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster/Kim Seokjin | Jin
Character:
Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Jeon Jungkook, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Seokjin | Jin, Kim Taehyung | V, Min Yoongi | Suga
Additional Tags:
Wrong Number AU, Fluff, Humor, Angst, only a little angst, this is yoonseok centered btw, Slow Burn, Texting, there's some anxiety in this, Jungkook Is a Little Shit, Idiots in Love, Strangers to Friends, Friends to Lovers, side vmin - Freeform, side namjin, I could add more tags but I don't want to spoil the fic, Completed, It's shit lmao
Stats:

        Published: 2016-11-20
          Completed: 2017-01-15
          Chapters: 17/17
        Words: 78294
      

Oops, Sorry
by VeryGhost
Summary
Min Yoongi was peacefully playing the piano when he gets a text from a stranger. the wrong number fic literally no one asked for but i'm gonna write it anyway
Notes

          See the end of the work for  notes





Chapter 1



The chiming of the old clock harmonised with the soft sound of the rain against the window. Despite the time, Min Yoongi was in a studio playing the piano. He had to finish this piece. He was almost done with it, he couldn’t stop now. While he was scribbling down some notes, his phone screen lit up.He decided to ignore this. Whatever it was, it probably wasn’t as important as making music. It was probably one of his friends bothering him or some other useless acquaintance. However, it lit up three more times. Clearly this couldn’t wait, so out of frustration he decided to look.
Unknown number (23:54):Hey, are you there? 

Unknown number (23:55): It’s Hoseok? The guy from class? 

Unknown number (23:57): No way, are you asleep? 

Unknown number (00:02): Please text me tomorrow :3 
Yoongi read the messages with a frown. He doesn’t know who this guy is or how he got his number. Yoongi wonder if he should respond or if he should ignore this. Eventually, out of both concern and curiosity, he texted back.Min Yoongi (00:04): Who are you and how did you get my number
Unknown (00:04): Uhhh Jung Hoseok? From uni? You gave me your number?

 Unknown (00:05): Wait... this isn’t Kim Seokjin? 
 Yoongi’s frown only deepened. Kim Seokjin? The name sounded familiar, but it wasn’t him. He decided to inquire more. Min Yoongi (00:06): I’m not Kim Seokjin
Unknown (00:06): Wait what 

Unknown (00:06): oh, oops 

Unknown (00:07): You two have similar numbers and I made a typo! Sorry :(

 Unknown(00:07): then who are you? 
Min Yoongi (00:07): that’s classified.
Unknown (00:08): oh~ Mysterious~ 
 Yoongi cringed at his own response and that of ‘Hoseok’. He thought about what he knows of him so far. He’s in uni, so probably about his age. He assumes Hoseok is a boy. He uses :3 emojis. It didn’t make him seem like a threat. Yoongi decided to text a friend. A friend who knows literally everyone. Min Yoongi (00:09): Namjoon.Min Yoongi (00:09): Could you do me a favour and tell me what you know of Jung Hoseok, user of the :3Min Yoongi (00:09): And his friend ‘Kim Seokjin’
 Kim Namjoon (00:10): My only question is Why?
Min Yoongi (00:10): First tell me who they are. I think I know this Seokjin guy? 
Unknown (00:10): not-Jin are you there? 
Min Yoongi (00:10) Why are you calling me that
Unknown (00:11): your name is classified :(
Min Yoongi (00:11): jfc right 
Kim Namjoon (00:11): Age specification? 
Min Yoongi (00:12): They’re in uni
 Kim Namjoon (00:14): you’re lucky

 Kim Namjoon (00:15): They’re harmless. Kim Seokjin is a uni student about our age. Idk what he studies, but he’s got a degree in being attractive. 
Min Yoongi (00:15): I didn’t need to know that. What about Hoseok
Kim Namjoon (00:16): I don’t know him personally, but I do know he dances. Uni student too. I prefer Jin to be honest. 
Min Yoongi (00:16): Jfc ok so I can sleep tonight in peace knowing that no weird agency found me or whatever
Kim Namjoon (00:16): what would they want from you anyway 
Min Yoongi (00:17): What wouldn’t they want? So he was a dancer. That’s not too bad. He was a little curious about this random stranger texting him. It could’ve been worse, like an old guy who got a fake number from a girl, but it ended up being his. It was late and he practically finished his piece, so why not have a little fun? Min Yoongi (00:17): okay ‘Hoseok’ i’ve decided to trust you.
Jung Hoseok (00:17) Yay!

 Jung Hoseok (00:18): why didn’t you in the first place??

 Jung Hoseok (00:18): omg are you a spy or something? Did I accidentally interfere in government affairs? 
Min Yoongi (00:21): No, worse. You disturbed me while I was composing.Min Yoongi (00:21): anyway you may know my name.
 Jung Hoseok (00:21): im sorry :(

 Jung Hoseok (00:22):yes please tell me! Im dying to know! 
Min Yoongi (00:24): I’m Min Yoongi
Jung Hoseok (00:25): That’s a nice name :3 How old are you?
Min Yoongi (00:27): someone’s curious. Also shouldn’t you go to sleep don’t students have awful sleep schedules
Jung Hoseok (00:28): Oh so you’re a grandpa. I was taught not to talk to old people because they might kidnap me.
Min Yoongi (00:28): excuse me you texted me first if anyone is suspicious it’s you.Min Yoongi (00:29): and i’m not a grandpa
 Jung Hoseok (00:29): ahaha sorry :3 

Jung Hoseok (00:29): how about I tell you more about myself so you can trust me more? 
Min Yoongi (00:30): you’re a student, you dance, you have a questionable usage of emojis
Jung Hoseok (00:30): now it’s my turn to be offended. How did you know I dance? 

Jung Hoseok (00:31): You’re right btw. I’m 20 years old, I dance and I''m a uni student
 Yoongi didn’t know what he was doing, it must be sleep deprivation. He was actually enjoying talking to this odd boy, who was actually pretty smart. And in the same city as him. He looked at the time and decided to head towards his apartment before responding. It was drizzling and quite late, but Seoul was never truly dark. Yoongi enjoyed the rain and the tranquillity, the dark had a calming effect on him. Maybe his nocturnal habits were not always healthy, that was made obvious by the bags under his eyes. He didn’t care though, there were other things to be concerned about.After a few more minutes of walking and thinking Yoongi finally arrived home. His roommate was apparently asleep so he didn’t want to make too much noise. He sat down on the couch and pulled out his phone so he could type a response. Min Yoongi (00:53): I’ll decide whether I can trust you or not. Tell me more about your dancing though.Min Yoongi (01:03): Goodnight ‘Hoseok’



Chapter 2
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Jung Hoseok was rudely awakened by his blaring alarm. He was quite a morning person, but 6 is just too early. Still, he got up and quickly washed and dressed. He walked into the living room and saw that his dorm mate was already awake and making breakfast. ‘Morning Tae,’ he said. Taehyung nodded at him, he was clearly tired so Hoseok didn’t mind.
 ‘You won’t believe what happened last night , come sit down and I’ll tell you,’ said Hoseok as he gestured for Taehyung to join him. ‘So,’ He started, ‘you know Seokjin hyung? I have some classes with him so we exchanged phone numbers. Last night I decided to text him, but I made a typo and ended up texting someone else! It was honestly weird, but he was quite nice,’ Hoseok stopped to make sure Taehyung listened. Taehyung nodded as he was chewing, ‘What’s his name?’ he asked.
‘I believe he’s called Min Yoongi? Yeah that’s it.’ Taehyung’s eyes widened. ‘Min Yoongi? The rapper?! You texted Suga!?’ Hoseok shrugged, ‘Maybe? Should I ask him? ’ Taehyung nodded vigorously. They finished eating and cleaned up. Hoseok thought about Suga. He remembered that Suga and this other guy, something monster, are two rappers that his friends Taehyung and Jungkook loved. Hoseok doubted it was this guy, but he did talk about music. There’s no harm in asking, so he grabbed his phone and typed out a text.

Jung Hoseok (06:47): My dance? That can wait, I have a question for you


Jung Hoseok (06:47): Are you by any chance the rapper ‘Suga’?

He figured that suffices. After he sent the texts he said goodbye to Taehyung and left the dorm. His first class started at 7:45, but it was at a far end of the campus and he liked being early.  Luckily this class was with Seokjin , so he could tell him about what had happened the previous night.
When he finally arrived he still had 15 minutes before class starts. He checked his phone to see if Yoongi had replied, but no such luck. After Tae’s remark he was curious about this man’s identity. He was relieved Yoongi took it quite well and that he was nice. He imagined different, less fortunate but undoubtedly funnier scenario’s and laughed to himself. ‘What’s so funny?’ he heard a familiar voice ask. ‘Oh, hyung! You are just the person I need!’ Hoseok perked up. Jin grinned, ‘that’s not something I hear often.’
Hoseok animatedly explained what had happened with the stranger and also apologised for getting it wrong. Jin was greatly amused by the story  and was relieved that it ended well. ‘Oh, by the way, have you heard of Suga? Or something Monster? I forgot his name,’ asked Hoseok, not really expecting an answer. ‘Rap monster,’ Jin corrected him, ‘Yes, I know Rap monster personally and he’s spoken of Suga.’ Hoseok nodded, noting to mention this to Tae. ‘Is he nice? Rap monster sounds quite intimidating to me.’ Jin smiled at this, ‘Yeah, you could say he’s nice.’ Hoseok nodded and looked at his watch, 7:44, class was about to start.
  
Yoongi hated bright sunlight, especially sunlight that was in his face as he was trying to fall back asleep. He knew someone had opened the curtains, he also knew that someone wasn’t him. ‘Park Jimin is fucking dead,’ he groaned. Before facing the outside world, he decided to see if he had any texts or missed calls. There were two texts from ‘Hoseok’ who, fuck, asked him if he was Suga.
How did he find out? He supposed he had no choice but to answer him.
Min Yoongi (10:09): Yeah that’s me why?

Jung Hoseok (10:10): Really?! My friend is  huge fan of you and your friend Rap Monster! And apparently Seokjin knows Rap monster personally 
J


Jung Hoseok (10:10): The world is a small place

Min Yoongi (10:12): I guess. Your friend must be the reason why you found out
Min Yoongi (10:12): wait aren’t you supposed to be at school

Jung Hoseok (10:13): Aren’t you? You’re like my age. 

Min Yoongi (10:15): I’m 22 and my personal life is none of your business

Jung Hoseok (10:15): but my personal life is your business? You were curious about dance remember? How about we ask each other questions?

Min Yoongi (10:18): I’m starting to doubt if you’re really a university student

Jung Hoseok (10:19): Do you have any better ideas on starting to get to know each other then? 

Yoongi groaned, this boy was persistent. Yet he liked the interest he showed. He talked back, something Yoongi wasn’t used to people doing. He supposed this little question game wouldn’t hurt. He was bored anyway, Jimin wasn’t home so he couldn’t entertain himself.
Min Yoongi (10:21): Alright. Ask me a question or whatever

Jung Hoseok (10:21): hmmm...


Jung Hoseok (10:22): what’s your favourite movie?

Min Yoongi (10:22): seriously
Min Yoongi (10:22): that’s your question
Min Yoongi (10:23): anyway, I don’t really have one. I guess i’m too busy to watch them. My roommate likes marvel and other superhero stuff so mostly I just watch those with him.

Jung Hoseok (10:23): Busy? Marvel is good though he has a good taste. 

Min Yoongi ( 10:24): I guess. What about you?

Jung Hoseok (10:24): I LOVE Disney movies. I LOVE THEM

Min Yoongi (10:24): Disney? Yes i’m now sure you’re not in university i’m calling your mother

Jung Hoseok (10:25): Make fun of me all you want Disney is the best at least I watch movies


Jung hoseok (10:25): My turn~ what do you do for a living?

Min Yoongi(10:26): how did we go from favourite movie to that
Min Yoongi (10:27): anyway. I rap and my stage name is Suga I also write songs and compose for other people.

Jung Hoseok (10:27): how do you just say that so casually


Jung Hoseok (10:28): it sounds like you’re successful 

Min Yoongi (10:28): i’m incredibly grateful for everything and I worked incredibly hard for this. I can’t express that through some text. You could always listen to my music if you’re that curious
Min Yoongi (10:28): i’d actually really appreciate it if you did
Min Yoongi (10:29): now tell me about your dancing

Jung Hoseok (10:32): I definitely will. Ah dance~ I started when I was little and learned many styles. I continued dancing through my teens. I never started doing anything professionally, but I joined a group a while ago and we sometimes participate in competitions and generally practice and have fun. I love dance because of the energy it gives me, the creative freedom as well as the general liberating feeling. 


Jung Hoseok (10:33): I have to go now I hope that answered your question~bye!!

Min Yoongi read the message several times. It was still quite vague, but at least now he had some sort of answer. He didn’t know why he felt curious about Hoseok, but he decided not to think about it. What Hoseok felt about dance was similar to Yoongi’s feelings about music.
He didn’t talk to Hoseok for the rest of the day.



Chapter End Notes
Heyo! Thank you so much for reading this! I hope this fic won't disappoint you in case you actually like it. Again, the first 3 are the base so please bear with me (I'm aware this chapter kind of really sucks). Or not really it's up to you. I'll try to update as regularly as possible. Thanks again have a good day


Chapter 3
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




When Hoseok entered the dorm after class he was greeted with a lot of noise. He walked into the living room and saw that Taehyung and Jungkook were playing some sort of video game. They were wildly shouting commands at each other and screaming at the screen. Hoseok laughed at the sight, ‘It seems like you two are having fun!’ The two boys were visibly startled by the sudden presence, ‘Be quiet Hyung! We’re winning!’ Demanded Jungkook. Hoseok grinned and decided to let them be, he could tell them later about what he had found out.
After doing some homework he heard cheers coming from the living room. ‘We won! Fuck yeah, high five!’ So they won, thought Hoseok, better talk to them before they start a new game. He walked into the living room and saw the smiling faces of the two boys. ‘Congratulations on winning! Now, can we talk or are games more important?’ he challenged. The boys calmed down and nodded. ‘Right, so you remember the stranger I accidentally texted,’ he started, ‘I asked and it turns out he actually is the guy you’re obsessed with.’ Taehyung’s eyes widened, while those of Jungkook narrowed. ‘Am I missing out on something? Is it exclusive to those who live here? Who did you text,’ questioned Jungkook, who was visibly confused. ‘I’ll explain later,  but are you actually texting Suga? He’s not lying?! It’s really him?’ Hoseok laughed at Tae’s excitement ,’I think so? Jungkookie, why don’t you stay for dinner?’ Jungkook nodded, ‘I’ll ask my parents, but I’m sure they won’t mind!’ Taehyung proposed listening to some songs after explaining the situation to Jungkook to which Hoseok happily agreed.  

 


Kim Seokjin (16:34): Namjoon, something weird happened today


Kim Namjoon (16:35): Really? Tell me


Kim Seokjin (16:37): I told you about Jung Hoseok? The boy I have some classes with? Today he asked me about you and your friend Suga. 


Kim Namjoon (16:37): That’s funny because last night Suga asked me about you two


Kim Namjoon (16:38): I didn’t tell him much... especially not about us, don’t worry


Kim Seokjin (16:40): It’s so strange. Let’s hope it won’t make things complicated. He told me a friend is a fan of you two


Kim Seokijn (16:40): Also can I come over? I’m bored out of my mind


Kim Namjoon (16:41): So I have to entertain you?


Kim Seokjin (16:41): Yes


Kim Seokjin (16:41): don’t make it sound weird


Kim Namjoon (16:41): ;)


 Kim Namjoon (16:42): Just kidding, come over please


Kim Seokjin (16:45): I’m on my way


 

Min Yoongi (17:00): Park Jimin
Min Yoongi (17:00): where the fuck are you
Min Yoongi (17:00): You’ve been gone for like 7 hours

 Park Jimin (17:05): Calm down, Hyung. I’m on my way home. 


 Park Jimin(17:05): You keep forgetting I have a busy schedule 

Min Yoongi (17:06): All you have to do is look pretty in front of a camera
Min Yoongi (17:06): Could you buy some groceries while you’re still out

 Park Jimin (17:07): Yes of course 

Min Yoongi (17:07): thanks
Min Yoongi (17:07): Also I know it was you who opened the curtains, allowing the sun to blind me.

 Park  Jimin (17:08): If I didn’t you would’ve still been asleep 


 Park Jimin (17:13): I’m at the store what do you need? 

Min Yoongi (17:13): A new roommate
Min Yoongi (17:15): Some onions, beef, scallions and soy sauce

 Park Jimin (17:16): That’s specific 

Min Yoongi (17:17): whatever it’s your turn to cook tonight anyway

 Park Jimin (17:34): I’m almost home! 

 
Min Yoongi (18:01): Hey wanna come over

Kim Namjoon (18:03): Can’t I’m already with someone else. Don’t you have jiminie

Min Yoongi (18:04): Since when do you have friends. Jimin doesn’t count.
Min Yoongi (18:05): Can’t they come with you? The more the merrier or something

Kim Namjoon (18:07): That’s the most unlike-you thing you’ve ever said


Kim Namjoon (18:08): and no, he can’t. I’d like him to not be bored out of his mind. Bye, Hyung.

Min Yoongi (18:08): *gasp* I’m so hurt. Bye
 
‘So yeah, I basically ended up texting that rapper you two are crazy about.’ Hoseok said and shrugged. It’s not like he didn’t care, but Yoongi’s potential fame didn’t mean much to him. He was just a guy he had accidentally texted. He looked at Jungkook. The boy’s eyes were the widest he had ever seen them be and they were staring right at him. Hoseok shifted uncomfortably, was it really that important? Meanwhile Taehyung was impatiently bouncing, ‘Can we listen to some of his songs now? ’ Hoseok nodded and got up. Still amazed by what Hoseok had just told him, Jungkook stood up and follow the others to Taehyung’s room.
 ‘Okay he has one mixtape, it’s called Agust D and it’s the best thing ever.’ ‘Will we listen to the entire thing? Or shall we make him listen to our personal favourites,’ Jungkook proposed. ‘That ‘s a good idea I’d prefer that.’ ‘Then I’ll send you the download link later,’ said Taehyung. He first put on Agust D and then The Last. Hoseok listened to them attentively, he was quite surprised at both the lyrics of the songs and the fact that he was enjoying them. The songs were very honest and very direct. ‘Could you send me the link right now?’ he asked. Taehyung beamed, ‘Do you like them?’ He nodded.
After Jungkook had left and they returned to the solitude of their own rooms Hoseok decided to listen to Yoongi’s entire mixtape.

Jung Hoseok (23:29): I listened to some of your songs


Jung Hoseok (23:30): You’re really incredible. 


Jung Hoseok (23:32): Just wanted to tell you that, goodnight.




Chapter End Notes
I'm aware this sucks. This chapter functioned as a way to establish the relationships everyone currently has. Thank you so much for reading, have a nice day!


Chapter 4
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Yoongi had read the messages. Multiple times. However, he decided not to respond. He would lie if he said he wasn't flattered by what Hoseok had said. He couldn't help but wonder what Hoseok had listened to and if he had a favourite. Yoongi knew some of his performances were on youtube, did he watch those as well? Maybe Hoseok was just being nice to him and he actually wasn't at all impressed. He was also scared, some of his songs contained personal things. He really didn't feel like explaining that to Hoseok. Why were they still talking anyway? Should he cut Hoseok off? All these thoughts ran through his head and he hated it.
He got up and walked to the kitchen to drink some water. He stumbled over something and stubbed his toe then cursed loudly. 'Hyung? Is that you?' He heard Jimin's sleepy voice that came from his room. Waking Jimin up wasn't what he wanted. 'Yes, sorry! I'm just getting something to drink,' he called back. Silence. Yoongi sighed and hoped Jimin had fallen back asleep. Then his bedroom door creaked open and a sleepy Jimin walked out.
'It's past two, why are you awake? Is something up,' he croaked. Yoongi shook his head, 'Just thinking too much, it's fine. Go back to sleep.' 'Are you sure? Do you want to talk about what's keeping you up?' 'I don't want to keep you awake, Jimin.' Jimin sat down on the couch with an indignant expression, 'I'm awake now. Come here and tell me what's troubling you.' Yoongi sighed and knew he was defeated. Once Jimin knew something was wrong he didn't let go until he helped. Yoongi was grateful for the constant support.
 'So, this is a long story that literally only stared yesterday, or  actually two days ago,' Yoongi started, 'I was composing when I received a text from a stranger. He got the wrong number and accidentally texted me. We continued talking a little and the next morning he found out I'm Suga,' he stopped to take a sip of his water. 'We talked a little afterward, he told me about dancing. By the way he's a student and a dancer. Anyway, I told him to listen to my music and he did. He said he thinks I'm incredible.' Jimin was listening attentively to what Yoongi was telling him. 'Then what's bothering you so much?' He asked.
'Well, now i'm wondering what he listened to. Does he have a favourite song? Did he watch a performance? Is he just being nice? Why are we even still talking? That kind of stuff. I hate it. I don't understand why I care so much,' said Yoongi. He ran a hand through his hair in frustration. Jimin nodded, 'then shouldn't you ask him that? If you want answers to those questions then that's the way to find out, hyung.' Yoongi sighed. It probably was that simple, he didn't know why it bothered him. 'I guess I will. Thank you, Jimin,' he said, 'now go back to sleep.' Jimin patted him on the back. He got up and walked towards his room, 'no problem, goodnight!' After a few minutes Yoongi was sure Jimin was asleep. He grabbed his phone to finally respond.  Min Yoongi (02:25): Thank you so much. Min Yoongi (02:27): I was wondering what songs you listened to. Do you have a favourite? Some of my performances are on Youtube. If you want, you can watch one to get a taste of what I'm like. Min Yoongi (02:27): since I doubt we're going to stop talking anytime soon. Min Yoongi (02:28): Sleep well.  Hoseok woke up early for a Saturday. He would normally wake up between 9 and 10, but it was 8:12 and he was slightly annoyed. He looked around his room and decided it was too messy. A lot of his clothes were spread across the floor, his desk was a mess of papers and God knows where he put his phone. Might as well use the spare time to clean up a little. 'Might as well make this a little fun,' he said to himself and put on some music.
After his desk was pretty much clean, a song that was still unfamiliar started playing. He looked at the screen of his laptop and saw it was 'far away' by Suga. While he was clearing the floor he wondered two things. The first was if he could think of some choreography to this song. The second was wondering where on earth his phone is so he could text Yoongi. 'Eureka!' He said a little too loudly when he found it hidden by a scarf. How did it even get there? He opened it and saw there were some messages. Jung Hoseok (08:39): Heyo :3 Jung Hoseok (08:39): I listened to the entire 'Agust D' mixtape but I didn't watch any performances Jung Hoseok (08:40): Far away is my favourite. Jung Hoseok (08:40): Also I'd love to keep talking to you~!  He decided not to be concerned about the fact that Yoongi had texted him at 2:30 in the morning. As a student, he was quite guilty of some all-nighters himself. He decided to stop cleaning for a while and listen to the lyrics of the song.  After the last note, he was touched. He realised how personal this song was and the depth of the lyrics surprised him. He wouldn't say he disliked Yoongi, but he seemed quite lethargic and indifferent when he talked to him. This song proved quite the opposite. He decided to properly listen to more of his songs. He found out they all had elements of sadness, spite and anger. Surprised by this he decided to see if Taehyung was awake, perhaps he could tell him more about him.  Hoseok knocked on Tae's door but he was answered with a groan. He entered and saw he was hidden in the blankets and pillows. 'Taehyung?' Another groan. Hoseok smirked. He walked towards the bed and jumped on it, landing with his full weight on Taehyung. 'Ow! I'm awake I'm awake what is it? Get off me now,' he shouted. Hoseok climbed off with a smile on his face. 'Tell me more about Yoongi,' he asked. 'Was this necessary, hyung? Can't you just ask him?' Taehyung said irritatedly. 'I don't want to seem too pushy. Besides, you're a big fan of his aren't you?' He taunted, still grinning. 'I'll call Jungkook over so we can properly teach you. Now please let me sleep,' he said and pulled a pillow over his head.  After breakfast Taehyung called Jungkook and informed him about Hoseok's interest in Yoongi. Jungkook came over as quickly as he could. When he arrived his hair was neatly parted and he was wearing glasses. Hoseok raised an eyebrow at the sight, but when they walked into the living room he saw Taehyung looked the same. 'What is this,' he asked in confusion. 'Sit down! Master Jungkook and I are about to give you a crash course on Suga!' announced Tae. 'Where did you get that whiteboard?' 'Silence, student!' Hoseok shut his mouth. He was both confused and amused by what was happening. Taehyung pulled out a marker and started to furiously write. 'Min Yoongi, stage name Suga. Born in Daegu on march 9, zodiac sign Pisces. He has a dog called Min Holy. He has one older brother. He is close friends with fellow rapper Kim Namjoon aka Rap Monster and model Park Jimin. Whom, I might add, is absolutely gorgeous. Master Jungkook, take over,' he handed the marker to Jungkook.
 He then started scribbling at his side of the whiteboard, Hoseok was unsure whether he could keep up. 'He plays the piano, composes, raps and writes lyrics. A true musician. His mixtape Agust D is wildly popular and revolutionary. It deals with personal struggle and mental health as well as his success and anger towards some people. He collaborated with some other artists for this,' he ran out of breath and started coughing loudly. The whiteboard was a mess of scribbles. 'I think I know enough, thank you,' Hoseok was very close to laughing. He couldn't believe the two actually did this. Tae raised an eyebrow and pushed his glasses up. 'Sufficient? Master Jungkook, hand him the test.' Jungkook obliged and put a sheet of paper on Hoseok's lap. 'What is this?' He questioned. Both Jungkook and Taehyung crossed their arms and smiled smugly. 'We're gonna get coffee now, good luck on your test!' Hoseok was left behind with the sheet of paper and feeling the most confused ever since that math test he had when he was 15.  If there was a competition for uncomfortable sleeping positions, Yoongi's would have won. His muscles hurt like hell and he was hungry. He dragged himself out of bed and walked into the living room. There he saw that Jimin was making breakfast. 'Jimin, you are an angel. You have no idea how hungry I am.' Jimin laughed at this, 'I've been living with you for a year, I know your habits. By the way, did that guy text you back?' Yoongi completely forgot about Hoseok. He quickly grabbed his phone and checked. His eyes raced over the texts that Hoseok had sent him. Far away was his favourite, that was good to know.  Min Yoongi (10:30): Not a bad choice Min Yoongi (10:31): Why that song? Jung Hoseok (10:33): because it sounds pretty and the lyrics touched me Jung Hoseok (10:33): oh you're not gonna believe this. Jung Hoseok (10:35): two of my friends, the ones who are your fans, gave me a speed lesson. About you. Min Yoongi (10:35): wait what Jung Hoseok (10:36): Yeah! They told me about your date of birth, your music, your dog and all that! Min Yoongi (10:36): what the fuck Min Yoongi (10:36): that's weird Min Yoongi (10:37): and unfair. Give me a crash course about you Jung Hoseok (10:40): Ok :3 I was born in Gwangju february 18. I have an older sister. I dance and my stage name is J-hope. My friends often call me Hobi. You know i'm a student, you know my age. What else? Min Yoongi (10:40): that suffices for now. Jung Hoseok (10:41): my friend Tae said your roommate is gorgeous :3 Min Yoongi (10:41): jiminnie? Min Yoongi (10:41): He's in front of me eating breakfast. I'd sneak a picture and show your friend how much of an un charming guy he actually is Jung Hoseok (10:43): I'd rather see a picture of you :3 Min Yoongi (10:43): i'm sure you'll find something on google images Min Yoongi (10:44): wait that sounded arrogant sorry Jung Hoseok (10:44): true. I'm gonna look anyway~ Jung hoseok (10:48): your face offends me Min Yoongi (10:48): What? Min Yoongi (10:49): I know I'm not particularly attractive but wtf? Min Yoongi (10:49): you spent 4 minutes looking through pictures of me to tell me im ugly Jung Hoseok (10:50): NO!!! Jung Hoseok (10:50): I didn't mean it like that!!!! Jung Hoseok (10:51): You are attractive that was my way of expressing it! Min Yoongi (10:53): your way of telling someone they're good looking is telling them you're offended Min Yoongi (10:54): Questionable morals Jung Hoseok (10:55): thanks. I mean it though Min Yoongi (10:56): ok. Now it's only fair that you send me a picture of you Jung Hoseok (10:56): classified :3 Min Yoongi (10:56): I'll find out eventually Min Yoongi (10:58): I gotta go now. I have a meeting with a friend. Important rapper business. Bye hobi Jung Hoseok (11:00): Bye!  Hoseok smiled at his phone. Yoongi had called him Hobi. For some reason that made him happy. He went back to his browser to look at the pictures of Yoongi. He couldn't believe Yoongi thought Hoseok had called him ugly. Does he own a mirror? He should know he's attractive. He closed his laptop and grabbed a pen and some paper to continue working on an assignment.  Yoongi had a meeting with Namjoon scheduled at 11:30. He must admit he was a little early, but Namjoon wasn't opening the door even though he had clearly knocked a couple of times. He aggressively knocked one last time and he finally heard some movement. The person who opened the door wasn't Namjoon. He was wearing Namjoon's clothes, however. 'Who the fuck are you,' asked Yoongi. A blush spread across the stranger's cheeks and he stumbled over his words. Yoongi rolled his eyes and pushed passed him.
 'Namjoon!' He shouted, 'Next time you hire someone make sure they leave before I arrive!' Namjoon walked out of his bedroom while pulling a shirt over his head. 'Hire someone?' He asked in confusion. Then his brows furrowed and his expression darkened. 'Jin's not a whore, Yoongi. What the hell are you thinking?' Yoongi raised his eyebrows, 'Jin? The guy Hoseok was looking for?' Namjoon nodded, 'I think I have some explaining to do.' Jin walked towards the two, his cheeks still slightly red. 'Should I leave?' He asked. Namjoon shook his head, 'No, I really want you to stay and it's easier to explain when you're around.' Jin nodded. The three sat down on Namjoon's couch in an awkward silence. 'I wasn't entirely honest when I told you that I didn't really know Kim Seokjin. What I said about Hoseok was right. I told you I knew him a little, but Jin and I. We are... We-' Jin cut him off, 'We're going out. He's my boyfriend.'
Yoongi nodded. He was a little surprised, but not angry. If anything, he was a little curious. 'Oh. Well, whatever. I was wondering if we could do what I originally came for? You know, music?' He offered. Namjoon smiled, 'Of course. I trust you won't tell anyone about this. And Jin, Could you please stay? You're my muse.' Jin nodded and blew him a kiss. Yoongi pretended to be annoyed by the affection, but seeing his friend smile like that wasn't something he could be angry about.
After Yoongi had told him that his performances were on Youtube he had decided to take a look. Taking a look has recently evolved into looking at his phone screen for over an hour. The quality of the videos annoyed him, but didn’t stop him from noticing how incredibly Yoongi was as both a musician and a performer in general. He knew how to make himself the centre of attention and delivered an energetic performance. Needless to say, he was incredibly impressed and intrigued. Suddenly he was disturbed by a text. He was slightly annoyed, but decided to look anyway.  Kim Taehyung (16:10): Hyung Kim Taehyung (16:10): We have a problem Jung Hoseok (16:11): what is it Kim Taehyung (16:12): I lost Jungkook Jung Hoseok (16:12): you what Kim Taehyung (16:14): so we went to get coffee and after that to his house to game Kim Taehyung (16:14): then at 4 we decided to go for a walk. To a park. Because nature. Kim Taehyung (16:15): and now i'm at the park without him???? Jung Hoseok (16:15): oh my god Jung Hoseok (16:16): cant you call him Kim Taehyung (16:16): he forgot to bring his phone i'm so worried I'm never gonna find him his mother is gonna kill me Kim Taehyung (16:17): rip kookie you always were the bravest Jung Hoseok (16:17): stay at the park I'm sure he'll come find you eventually. Don't go looking for him. Kim Taehyung (16:17): you're probably right. Thanks hobi  Taehyung decided to sit down on a nearby bench. Despite his jokes, he was quite worried. Jungkook was the youngest so losing him in a big city was scary. He put his head in his hands and tried to calm himself down. He couldn't really enjoy the beauty of nature around him when his friend was missing. Suddenly, he felt a hand on his back and he looked up. He looked straight into the eyes of a concerned stranger.
 'Is everything alright?' The stranger asked. Tae shook his head, 'I kind of lost my friend. Which sounds kind of stupid, but-,' he gets cut off by the stranger. 'It's not stupid. Can I help you find him? Or could I stay with you until you've calmed down?' Tae nodded. Both this man's looks and voice were oddly familiar. 'I'm Kim Taehyung by the way.' 'Park Jimin, nice to meet you.' It took a moment before Taehyung realised who Park Jimin was. 'Wait... Park Jimin. As in the model?' He asked. Jimin nodded and smiled, 'the one and only!' Taehyung gasped. So that's why he was so familiar. And also so attractive.
'You've heard of me,' he asks. Taehyung nods, 'you could say that.' Jimin flashed another smile and Taehyung died a little inside. 'Hang on, I have to text someone.' 'Is it your friend?' 'No it's a different friend. I panicked so I texted him hoping he could help. Now I've got you so it's fine,' He says. He quickly covers his mouth with his hand when he realised what he said. Jimin raised an eyebrow and the corners of his mouth quirked up, 'I'm glad I can be of help.'  Kim Taehyung (16:25): Don't worry, hyung. I've got everything under control now :)   Yoongi was casually lounging in his sweatpants when Jimin entered. 'Hyung, i've got a lot to tell you. Today was wild,' Jimin rambled. 'I ordered take-out. Come sit down and tell me what got you so excited. I wondered where you were,' he said. Jimin ran a hand through his hair and sat down.
 'So, I was at the park nearby and I see this boy about my age on a bench with his head in his hands. This got me concerned so I walked up to him and asked him what was wrong. He looks at me and I'm trying not to scream right now, because this boy was so attractive! He explained to me what happened and he looked so sad it broke me? So then we introduce ourselves and he knows who I am!' Jimin was wildly gesturing at this point and smiling wildly.
'Then he tells me that he's ok now that I'm there, but he got embarrassed and covered his mouth with his hands. It was so adorable, I don't know how I stayed calm. In the end his friend arrived at the park with ice cream. His face completely lit up. I must admit I was kind of jealous. Everything was alright in the end,' Jimin stopped talking and fell backwards on the couch.
 'Except you,' teased Yoongi. Jimin made a whimpering sound which Yoongi laughed at. This was a new side of Jimin that he is definitely going to tease him with. For some reason, Jimin's story made him want to text Hoseok. He pulled out his phone and started typing  Min Yoongi (17:59): my roommate has a crush and it's the funniest thing in the world Jung Hoseok (18:00): oh~ lucky him. Min Yoongi (18:00): lucky? He's a mess Jung Hoseok (18:00): Crushes and love are quite wonderful Jung Hoseok (18:01): I suppose you're the evil witch queen here :3 Min Yoongi (18:01): Guess I just don't know what it feels like Jung Hoseok (18:02): you're talking to someone whose only knowledge comes from Disney Min Yoongi (18:02): I overestimated you again Jung Hoseok (18:02): even his heart is stone cold Jung Hoseok (18:02): You suit the role well Min Yoongi (18:03): if I get to be the most powerful then i'm cool with it Jung Hoseok (18:03): But love always wins Min Yoongi (18:04): that's unrealistic Jung Hoseok (18:04): don't tell your roommate that. He's probably going to start singing outdated love songs within two days Jung Hoseok (18:05): speaking of music Jung Hoseok (18:05): I was wondering if I could introduce your music to my dance group? Min Yoongi (18:06): Wow what Min Yoongi (18:06): I'd really love that actually Jung Hoseok (18:07): Yay! Then I definitely will soon!  'Hyung, why are you smiling at your phone like that?' 'Shut up, Jimin.'



Chapter End Notes
Thank you so much for reading! Don't forget to vote for bangtan (or anyone who u think deserves it most) on MAMA


Chapter 5
Chapter Notes
Anxiety trigger warning everyone be careful

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Yoongi thinks he finally found the cause of his recent sleeplessness. It's been 8 days since Hoseok texted him, he's been more awake during the night ever since. This night he was wondering what Hoseok looks like. Not in a creepy way, just simple curiosity. He wonders if he could find him on google, maybe social media. He turned and grabbed his phone. He squinted at the sudden light of the screen and typed in his name in the search engine.  Bingo. Facebook and twitter.  He opened the facebook first. It was pretty much inactive, it hasn't been used for 3 years. He therefore considered it useless. His twitter, however, had been updated three days ago. Before immediately looking at the media he decided to read some tweets.  'Uni is killing me, but at least my mother is proud.' 'What does a vegan zombie eat? Graaaaaaaaaaains' 'Had some ice cream with tae and kookie today :D' 'Wow speaking of embarrassing myself T_T'  The last one was when he had texted Yoongi for the first time. He finally decided to look at his pictures. There weren't many, but he immediately noticed there were actual selfies. He scrolled through the few that Hoseok had posted. He groaned, this wasn't helping him. Hoseok was beautiful. There was one particular picture. He was leaning back on a chair, his hair was messy and he was half smiling. Yoongi really liked that one and decided to safe it. He had what he wanted, so he decided to leave it be. He finally had a face to go with the name, he hoped that would make him calmer. After moving around restlessly even more and not being able to shut his brain off, he found out his strategy didn't work and got even more annoyed.  Min Yoongi (03:35): You're gonna hate me for this, but I found your twitter Min Yoongi (03:35): Curiosity killed the cat Min Yoongi (03:36): you're fucking beautiful and I can't sleep Min Yoongi (3:40): Damn you  He threw his phone at the end of the bed with a groan. Not too long later the screen lit up. Yoongi frowned. Who could be texting him at this time of the night?  Jung Hoseok (03:45): What? Min Yoongi (03:45): Hoseok for the love of God go to sleep Jung Hoseok (03:45): I can’t and I want an explanation Min Yoongi (03:46): I invented bad ideas caused by sleep deprivation that's what Min Yoongi (03:46): there's not much to explain Min Yoongi (03:47): guess we have different ways of calling someone attractive Jung Hoseok (03:47): You think I'm handsome? Min Yoongi (03:49): Hobi, please go to sleep. You have class tomorrow don't you? We'll talk tomorrow Jung Hoseok (03:50): ok... Jung Hoseok (03:50): Please take care of yourself
- Despite his lack of sleep that night, Hoseok woke up surprisingly well-rested. He didn't feel particularly tired or grumpy. He got out of bed, did his usual routine then grabbed his bag and walked into the living room to have breakfast. He looked at the conversation he had with Yoongi earlier and frowned. He couldn't quite believe Yoongi was that curious about him. He wasn't particularly special or worth to spend time on. 'What're you frowning about?' Asked Taehyung, 'is it the news? You know the with the protests going on?' Hoseok shook his head. Those did concern him, but that wasn't the case. 'I just didn't sleep very well,' he said with a weak smile. Taehyung nodded and decided to let it be.  Hoseok had some spare time after class, so he decided to go for a walk. He didn't feel like going alone, though. He texted Jin in the hope he would come over.  Jung Hoseok (10:30): Hey :) Jung Hoseok (10:30): I'm going for a walk, wanna join me? Kim Seokjin (10:31): sure :) Jung Hoseok (10:31): cool! Meet me at the Sha :)  The walk was pleasant. Hoseok and Jin were talking about lots of things such as school, their families and their hobbies. The sun was shining brightly and it wasn't too busy around. Suddenly, Hoseok had an idea. If Yoongi found his social media then he might as well use that to his advantage. 'Hey, Jin?' Hoseok asked. Jin raised his head, 'Yes?' 'The light is so nice here, want to take a selfie with me?' He asked. Jin just nodded. He pulled out his phone and opened the camera. The picture came out nice, they were both smiling brightly and the sun made their skin glow. He was satisfied with the picture and decided to post it on twitter with the caption: A pleasant walk with my favourite hyung :D
- Yoongi cursed when he saw the picture. He did that deliberately didn't he? The light made him shine like he was the sun itself and Yoongi hated it. 'What got you so grumpy,' Namjoon asked with a grin. 'Oh, you're gonna love this,' he said and showed him the picture. Namjoon dropped the cup he was holding. 'What the fuck!’  Kim Namjoon (11:15): Do you hate me Kim Seokjin (11:15): of course not! What are you talking about? Kim Namjoon (11:15): that picture your friend posted Kim Namjoon (11:16): I could write a million songs and they wouldn't properly describe your beauty Kim Seokjin (11:16): You're making me blush  Min Yoongi (11:16): am I not your favourite hyung? Jung Hoseok (11:16): you have to try a little harder :3 Jung Hoseok (11:17): but you saw the selfie :D Min Yoongi (11:17): You could say that Min Yoongi (11:18): Isn't that other person the guy you originally tried to text Jung Hoseok (11:18): yeah! Jung Hoseok (11:19): how'd you know? Min Yoongi (11:19): Instinct and having connections Min Yoongi (11:20): what do I have to do to become your favourite? Jung Hoseok (11:20): I'll think about it :3  Jin and Hoseok slowly walked back to the campus. Another idea came to Hoseok's mind, he really was on a roll today. 'Hey, Jin? Do you want to come over for dinner tonight?' He offered. Jin looked surprised, but then nodded, 'I'd love that! Do I need to bring something?' Hoseok shook his head, 'Nah, we have plenty of food in the dorm. Thanks for the offer though, I'll text you later.'  Jung Hoseok (11:35): Kids! Jeon Jungkook (11:35): ... Kim Taehyung (11:35): Yes dad? Jeon Jungkook (11:36): !?!? Jung Hoseok (11:37): Dinner party tonight? I invited Seokjin hyung! Kookie will you come too? Jeon Jungkook (11:37): I'll ask my mother Kim Taehyung (11:38): Sounds fun! What shall we eat then? Jung Hoseok (11:38): I'll think of something we've got plenty of food Kim Taehyung (11:38): How'd you get the idea to have a dinner party anyway Jung Hoseok (11:39): Appetite? Genius?
-  Time flew by and within hours the four boys were sitting around the table eating the food they had prepared and talking loudly. Their laughter died down after a joke Jin made and Hoseok took his chance, 'Guys let’s take a picture!' 'That's the second time you're asking me that today,' Jin retorted. 'He's been talking to someone lately and I swear his mood improved,' teased Taehyung. Hoseok gasped dramatically and pretended to be hurt, 'I just want a picture with my good friends to remember this! Don't attack me like this!' The others laughed. At last, Hoseok got his way. He pulled out his phone and the four of them posed. Hoseok smiled at the result, he genuinely liked the picture and showed the others. 'Wow I look good,' Jungkook laughed at himself. In the picture his mouth was closing around a piece of food, but it was still opened. Hoseok got their permission to post it on twitter, so he did with the caption 'Dinner party~! :D'   Yoongi shoved a pillow in his own face and groaned. Two pictures in a day, was Hoseok mocking him? Did he want Yoongi dead? He might have saved both pictures. He wasn't confirming it. 'What got you all grumpy? Is it that texting boy?' Jimin asked. Yoongi just groaned in response. Jimin laughed at him, 'Never would I have thought I would see you like this. I'm slightly concerned, but mostly i'm just laughing at you.' Yoongi threw the pillow at Jimin who dodged it. 'Need I remind of how you were a couple of days ago? You were a mess because of some guy at a park. "Oh his eyes! His smile! He's so beautiful, Hyung! And he has this deep voice!" But now you can't even find him! You really need to shut up,' he rambled. He didn't blame Jimin for his teasing, but it was so unnecessary and unfair. Jimin grinned at him, 'I wish you the best with this.' He then left to go to his room. Yoongi decided to text the person guilty of what he was currently like.  Min Yoongi (20:05): Do you want me dead Jung Hoseok (20:07): I don't know what you're talking about :3 Min Yoongi (20:07): Sure you don't Jung Hoseok (20:10): I know what you can do to become my favourite hyung Jung Hoseok (20:12): Send me a selfie and watch a Disney movie ;D Min Yoongi (20:14): you know what I'm fine with not being your favourite never mind Jung Hoseok (20:15): Come on :( Jung Hoseok (20:15): Please? Min Yoongi (20:17): Convince me Min Yoongi (20:19): Wait no wait wait wait Jung Hoseok (20:19): Picture sent Min Yoongi (20:19): picture received Min Yoongi (20:19): WHAT THE Jung Hoseok (20:20): pleaseeee Min Yoongi (20:21): never in my life did I think I would be convinced to do something by a pic of some guy doing puppy dog eyes Min Yoongi (20:21): Never. Jung Hoseok (20:22): Can I recommend some Disney movies then? Jung Hoseok (20:24): so my personal faves are Mulan, Aladdin and the little mermaid but I think you'd enjoy the princess and the frog because it's all about hard work and working towards your dream which you clearly relate to Jung Hoseok (20:25): but it's up to you Min Yoongi (20:25): picture sent Jung Hoseok (20:25): picture received Jung Hoseok (20:27): I DROPPED MY PHONE Jung Hoseok (20:27): could you warn me next time Min Yoongi (20:28): no mercy Min Yoongi (20:30): Gotta find the movie i'll be right back  'Jimin,' Yoongi shouted, 'I'm gonna watch a movie. Do you want to join me?' Jimin walked out of his room, he had one eyebrow raised and asked, 'Depends. What movie?' Yoongi sighed, 'the princess and the frog. The Disney one. Don't you dare ask.' Jimin grinned widely. Eventually they settled and put on the movie.  Min Yoongi (20:36): two seconds in and I already relate to the little girl Min Yoongi (20:36): Why would you kiss a frog Jung Hoseok (20:37): are you going to text me about every second of the movie Min Yoongi (20:37): if i'm going down I'm dragging you with me  Min Yoongi (20:43): even MORE relatable! We’re both sleep deprived! Min Yoongi (20:43): she lost her dad? Jung Hoseok (20:44): shut up and watch it  Min Yoongi (20:48): that blonde girl needs to shut up. Poor Tia I would've stabbed her already Jung Hoseok (20:48): what did I tell you  Min Yoongi (20:58): that magician guy is ominous Min Yoongi (21:02): Hoseok this is terrifying what the fuck Jung Hoseok (21:03): can’t believe the voodoo man's magic is scaring you. Rapper Suga is scared of a Disney character Min Yoongi (21:06): that's not Naveen is it Min Yoongi (21:08): wow I feel so bad for her Min Yoongi (21:12): SHE'S A FROG WHAT THE FUCK Jung Hoseok (21:12): i'm enjoying this it’s really cute but please shut up and watch the movie
Min Yoongi (22:09): You know Min Yoongi (22:09): I really enjoyed watching that movie Jung Hoseok (22:11) I'm glad to hear that! Now my plan of getting you to watch more will succeed Min Yoongi (22:11): Am I your favourite now? Jung Hoseok (22:13): hmmm Min Yoongi (22:14): I'm not going to do anything else Jung Hoseok (22:16): I'm joking. Of course you are :)  'Tae?' Hoseok called. Taehyung made a noise that told Hoseok he had acknowledged him. 'I'm really tired. Would you mind it if I went to sleep now? Or do you want me to help you clean up a little?' 'No, it's fine! Go get some rest,' Tae shouted from where he was. He was relieved, he thought he was going to collapse if he didn't go to bed soon. As soon as his head hit the pillow he didn't even have time to think about his day as he immediately fell asleep.
-
It has been exactly four days since Yoongi and Hoseok had last talked. Two days after Hoseok made him watch The princess and the frog Yoongi had declared he was extremely busy and didn't have time for distractions. Hoseok had to admit, when Yoongi had called him a distraction it kind of hurt. He considered him a friend, but was that not mutual? Still, he was worried that Yoongi might be overworking himself. He had texted him two day ago, but no response yet. Should he text again? He didn't want to seem clingy. There was nothing on his social media either. Except for that weird picture he posted three days ago. He also wanted to ask what that was about, but he was too anxious to try.  Anxiety. A reoccurring theme in his life. He got his first anxiety attack when he was 13, right before he had to perform. After that it worsened, he continuously forced himself to continue dancing and keeping his grades high. It had completely ruined him up to a point where he had fallen victim to unhealthy coping mechanisms.  When he was almost 17, he told his parents. They allowed therapy because of the state they saw he was in.  He got better. Now in uni, with better friends and an improved environment, he didn't need medication or therapy. He got out of the pit, but at times like this he could feel it creeping up on him. He hated uncertainty and he didn't want to be a burden to Yoongi, or any of his friends for that matter. Feeling and thinking like this again was driving him crazy. Had he not gotten better? Was he not better than this? He felt like clawing his skin off, like screaming or running away until his lungs burned and collapsed. All because of a tiny thought that led to things becoming worse in his mind.  So he decided to do the only thing that might make him better.  He grabbed his bag and left without saying a word. The studio wasn't far away from the campus, he could easily run. He was afraid it would attract too much attention, but he eventually ran anyway.  Kim Taehyung (13:46): Hobi where are you?! Kim Taehyung (13:47): You suddenly left!  Hoseok didn't read the text messages. By the time he had arrived at the studios and was in a room, anxiety had almost complete control of his body. His shortness of breath and paralysed, shaking limbs. He plugged in his phone and put on a playlist. He let the music flow through him and started to dance.   After an hour he was sweaty and tired, but he had calmed down. He immediately grabbed his belongings and left. He felt bad for leaving Taehyung behind, but he had to do what was necessary.  Jung Hoseok (14:39): I'm so sorry Jung Hoseok (14:40): I'm on my way home  As soon as he closed the door of the dorm he was tackled by Tae. 'Where did you go? I was worried sick,' he announced. Hoseok hugged him back, 'That anxiety thing I sometimes have came back. So I went out, but i'm ok now don't worry!' He flashed him one of his signature bright smiles.  Taehyung hugged him tighter before letting go. 'Go have a shower, you smell. Do you need anything?' Hoseok shook his head, but thanked him anyway. ‘Shall I call Kookie so we can have a blankets and movies night? Or is it one where you need to be alone?’ Hoseok smiled at his friend’s concern. ‘That would be nice, actually. Can I pick the movie?’ He asked. Taehyung nodded and smiled. ‘Of course! Go take a shower, I’ll call Jungkook.’
In the end, they watch the first three pirates of the Caribbean movies wrapped in blankets on the couch. Hoseok had never felt more grateful for his friends.
 -
Yoongi was stressed. He was working on his new music and collabs, he was working on future promotions, arranging concerts and God knows what else. His amount of sleep had reduced to approximately four hours, he woke up early and went to sleep late at night. His social interaction had reduced to Jimin, Namjoon and people he had to call and arrange meetings with. He wanted to talk to Hoseok, but he was too busy and too stressed to have a proper conversation. Soon you’ll get to talk to him, he thought, it’s not like Hoseok cares anyway.
He noticed Jimin concern as well. Really, Yoongi’s habits could hardly go unnoticed. He ignored it anyway, they were busy. If you want to be successful you’re going to have to work for it, even if your health goes to shit for a while. He knew he was losing control again. He knew that if he went on like this he was going to fall back again. Depression, anger, disgusting self-hatred. He’d been there. If he loses control those will take over. He tells himself that he doesn’t care, that it won’t happen now that he’s successful. In the back of his head he knew those were lies to comfort himself.
He was almost done, though. The lyrics were written, the songs were composed and recorded, the concerts were planned and waiting to be announced. He could rest before grabbing a mic and doing what he loved. He could talk to Hoseok again, apparently that functioned as a relief. For now, he decided to focus on his music and whatever was left of his mental sanity.
 - ‘Jin?’ ‘Yes?’ ‘You know Yoongi?’ ‘Hmhm’ ‘I’m worried about him’ ‘Why?’ ‘He’s been overworking himself again. The past two weeks he’s been looking like a corpse.’ ‘Why don’t you talk to him?’ ‘I’ve known him for years, he’s the most stubborn guy ever.’ Jin turned to face Namjoon and properly looked at him. He noticed the concern in his eyes and couldn’t help but feel worried as well. ‘I’m sure things will be alright, show him support when he tells you he needs it.’ ‘Are you sure?’ ‘Of course,’ he reassured. He threw an arm around Namjoon and pulled him closer to comfort him.

   


 Jeon Jungkook (20:23): Taehyung 


 Jeon Jungkook (20:23): Don’t you agree that Hobi Hyung has been looking quite sad? 


 Kim Taehyung (20:25): Yes and I know why 


 Kim Taehyung (20:25): Suga has stopped talking to him 


 Kim Taehyung (20:26): I’ve noticed Hobi really likes Suga 


 Kim Taehyung (20:26): REALLY likes him 


 Jeon Jungkook (20:27): but hobi hyung is a boy? And so is Suga? What are you saying? 


 Kim Taehyung (20:28): We’ll have that conversation another time 


 Kim Taehyung (20:28): I have an idea on how to cheer him up 


 Kim Taehyung (20:28): that weird picture Suga posted on twitter a while ago... I think he’s coming with new music  


 Kim Taehyung (20:29): and therefore concerts 


 Jeon Jungkook (20:30): so...? 


 Kim Taehyung (20:31): we’re going to take Hobi hyung to one of Suga’s concerts! 


 Jeon Jungkook (20:31): oh 


 Jeon Jungkook (20:32): OH 


 Jeon Jungkook (20:32): Good idea!! 


 Kim Taehyung (20:33): Thank you :-) now we’re just gonna have to watch for tickets and then hopefully this will work hehe 




Chapter End Notes
holy shit thank you so much for reading this I cannot believe the amount of hits this has I don't deserve this. I hope this little fic is enjoyable and doesn't disappoint you. I hope you liked this chapter. (side note if u deal withany sort of mental illness then please seek help). Don't forget to vote on mama! Have a good day!


Chapter 6
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Min Yoongi (12:46): Can I come over to yours? Your computer has some programs I need
Kim Namjoon (12:47): You should download them yourself honestly

Kim Namjoon (12:47): Yeah you can come over Jin’s here though
Min Yoongi (12:50): just don’t make out in front of me
Kim Namjoon (12:51): don’t inspire me
Min Yoongi (13:03): Open the doorMin Yoongi (13:04): I didn’t walk through the cold rain just to be ignored
Kim Namjoon (13:04): I’m in a comfortable position right now would you really want me to move
Min Yoongi (13:04): yes actually
Kim Namjoon (13:05): You have the fucking key
Min Yoongi (13:05): oh rightYoongi opened the door and walked in. He was met by the pleasant warmth of the apartment and the smell of food. He noticed the dirty plates and cutlery before he noticed Namjoon and Jin cuddling on the couch. ‘So, I suppose I can’t sit on the couch?’ Namjoon pressed his finger to his lips, ‘He’s asleep, be quiet. I hope you brought headphones?’ Yoongi raised the ones he was holding and waved them around. He had hoped Jin was awake, so he could ask him how Hoseok was doing. He wondered why they didn’t talk about that since Yoongi and Jin had now met multiple times. It was like his... his friendship? With Hoseok didn’t exist. Nowadays he felt like it didn’t because he was busy. Soon, he thought, soon you’ll talk to him. He sighed and sat down in front of Namjoon’s computer. He set everything up and started working feverishly.A few hours later, Jin had woken up and they were watching the news. Yoongi wasn’t working as hard as he did when he started and listened to what the presenter was saying. The topic of the riots in Seoul was addressed. The cause wasn’t mentioned, but images of the angry citizens were shown. ‘I’m going tomorrow,’ Jin suddenly announced. Namjoon shot up ‘You what?! Are you crazy, it’s madness! And it’s not about to get better anytime soon!’ ‘I’m not going alone, a friend is coming with me,’ Jin retorted. ‘Jimin is going too. Why won’t you, Namjoon? I thought you cared about politics,’ Yoongi challenged him, he waited to see his friend’s reaction.‘Yes! But this is not the way to handle it! Of course I don’t agree with what she has done, but it should be handled with diplomacy and caution and not,’ he gestured wildly at the screen, almost knocking over a cup, ‘not that! And I definitely don’t want my boyfriend to get hurt!’ Yoongi smiled and nodded, he understood his concern. Jimin was going to there too for whatever reason. ‘Namjoon, I appreciate your worry, but I know what I’m doing. I’m going to protest. If you’re that concerned then why don’t you come with me?’ he offered. Namjoon shook his head ‘I trust you. If you tell me you’re gonna be ok then I believe you. Please text me, though, update me on your well being.’ Jin nodded then nuzzled Namjoon’s chest. Yoongi had listened to the two carefully. For some reason, he felt envious. As if he’d like to cuddle and care for someone like they did. He shook his head and grabbed his stuff ‘I’m gonna go. Thanks Namjoon. Jin hyung, be safe tomorrow.’ They exchanged goodbyes and he left.It luckily wasn’t raining anymore, but it was still cold outside. He damned himself for only wearing a thin jacket. I’m not doing anything right now, he thought, should I text him?  Busy schedule, whatever. A small chat won’t hurt.Min Yoongi (15:38): Hey
Jung Hoseok (15:39): Who’s this?
Min Yoongi (15:39): Don’t make me feel guiltyMin Yoongi (15:39): How’ve you been hobi?
Jung Hoseok (15:40): Just fine! I recently had a lot of exams, but they all went by great! I was stressed though

Jung Hoseok (15:40): and I beat Tae and Kookie at a game of chubby bunny I am the king

Jung Hoseok (15:41): how about you?
Min Yoongi (15:41): So stressed and busy I don’t think I’m fully alive anymoreMin Yoongi (15:41): I still wanted to talk to you though
Jung Hoseok (15:42): Take care of yourself hyung you’re making me worry

Jung Hoseok (15:42): I really miss you too! I was afraid I lost you or something aha
Min Yoongi (15:42): I’m not that easy to get rid of. I’m still busy i’m only able to text you because I have to walk home
Jung Hoseok (15:42): walk?

Jung Hoseok (15:43): It’s literally freezing I’m currently wrapped in 10 blankets
Min Yoongi (15:43): what a sight that’d be. I’m jealous I’m fucking frozen
Jung Hoseok (15:43): picture sent
Min Yoongi (15:43): picture receivedMin Yoongi (15:44): holy fuck never mind I’m not cold anymore
Jung Hoseok (15:44): You’re welcome ;D
Min Yoongi (15:44): the first thing I’m gonna do when I’m not as busy anymore is return to my one true loveMin Yoongi (15:44): My pianoMin Yoongi (15:45): wait maybe my bed so I can sleep
Jung Hoseok (15:45): A real womanizer I see
Min Yoongi (15:45): you have no idea
Jung Hoseok (15:45): your life must be so hard
Min Yoongi (15:46): Self pity is patheticMin Yoongi (15:46): I’m home now. Bye Hobi
Jung Hoseok (15:46): Bye :(
Yoongi hadn’t lied when he said he wasn’t cold anymore. -Taehyung woke up early and he was incredibly excited. He was going to riot with Jin. He got out of bed and got ready as quietly as he possibly could, he didn’t want to wake Hoseok up. Jin and he had decided to meet somewhere at 9 and go to the riots together. He may have been a little earlier, but it gave him time to read through Seokjin’s advice again. Apparently Jin was familiar with riots and he had prepared some rules and advice just in case. He didn’t think they’d lose each other or that they’d get hurt. Still, he was grateful. He headed to their meeting place and soon they were on their way.‘And remember, if you lose me, leave the place immediately. If you get hurt, leave. Riot, but stay safe. Okay?’ Jin repeated one last time. Taehyung nodded, they were at the riot. They moved towards the shouting crowd.  After a while they warmed up to it and started shouting with the other citizens.-Taehyung looked around in panic. It had become busier and a little less peaceful. There was police. Above all, he had lost Jin. He pushed through the crowd, desperate to get out. He was trying not to hurt anyone or to get himself hurt, but he was surrounded by chaos.His eyes fell on a crouching boy who was clutching his forehead. Taehyung knew he had to get out as fast as he could, but he was worried about the boy. He crouched down and offered his hand. ‘Are you okay? Follow me and let’s get the hell out of here.’ The boy looked up and Taehyung stared into the familiar eyes of Park Jimin. He nodded and grabbed his hand.They left safely. Taehyung made Jimin sit down on a nearby bench. ‘How the tables have turned,’ Jimin said with a smile. His face then crunched up and he let out a whine. Tae immediately worried more. ‘Remove your hand, so I can look at your head.’ Jimin had a nasty cut on his eyebrow as well as a bruised lip. ‘How’d that get there... Shall we go to my apartment? I can take better care of you.’ ‘Yes, please.’ Jimin grabbed Taehyung’s hand and they left for his apartment.
 Kim Taehyung (13:31): Hyung, I hope you’re okay. I’m off to mine and Hobi's place, everything’s fine. 
-‘That stings, you know.’ Jimin informed him teasingly. ‘Maybe I should have left you there?’ Taehyung fired back. Taehyung had cleaned the cut on Jimin’s eyebrow and put an ice compress on his lip. ‘How did you even get yourself hurt like this,’ Taehyung wondered out loud. ‘I don’t even remember. I think something hit me? We were all shouting and suddenly I feel pain on my forehead that’s worsening. So, I crouched down to protect myself. Then an angel appeared and now I’m here.’ He tried to smile at him, but was unsuccessful because of the bruise. Taehyung raised an eyebrow, ‘Angel?’ Then he realized what Jimin meant and his expression softened.’Taehyung?’‘Ýes?’ ‘I’m tired.’ ‘Is there anyone I can call to  come pick you up?’ Jimin laughed, ‘Do you want me to leave so badly?’ Taehyung started shaking his head frantically. ‘No that’s not it! I just want you to be safe!’A soft pink spread across Jimin’s cheeks. ‘I-uh I’ll text someone, he can come pick me up? How soon can I leave?’ ‘Whenever you want, my roommate will be home in 1,5 hours, though? I doubt you’d want to stay that long, though.’ Taehyung responded. Jimin huffed, ‘Believe me, it’s not that I don’t want to. I just have a 22 year old baby-hyung to feed and a schedule to keep up with.’ Jimin ran a hand through his hair, ‘My god, when they see these bruises they’re gonna kill me.’ Taehyung’s eyes widened. ‘Will you really be fine?’ he asked. Jimin nodded.
 Park Jimin (14:03): Hey . Pick me up at this address please? 
Min Yoongi (14:04): If you got yourself into trouble I swear
 Park Jimin (14:04): Don’t worry~ You don’t have to leave yet! 
‘Is there anything you need? A drink? Blankets?’ he offered. Jimin shook his head, ‘You’ve already done a lot for me. I didn’t even get to ask you how you were! Or your phone number!’ ‘Oh don’t worry I’m perfec-’ he stopped midsentence, ‘my phone number?’ Taehyung was shocked. Jimin nodded, ‘Yes, it’s the least you could give me after helping me out so much.’ Jimin grinned, he was quite satisfied with Taehyung’s flustered response. ‘Hand me your phone, I’ll put mine in it,’ he offered. Taehyung just nodded and handed him his phone, still very much astounded.Taehyung was sitting on the couch watching a random cooking show, still thinking about the events of the past couple of hours. He didn’t hear Hoseok enter and jumped when he greeted him. ‘Wow, what got you all worked up?’ he asked. Even though Taehyung didn’t look at him he knew Hoseok was smiling. ‘It was good! I didn’t get hurt!’ ‘Good, did anything else remotely interesting happen?’ Taehyung shook his head, but smiled, ‘No, not really.’ He wanted to keep it to himself a little longer.-
 Jeon Jungkook (19:34): TAE 

 Jeon Jungkook (19:34): HYUNG 

 Jeon Jungkook (19:34): HAVE YOU SEEN IT? 

 Kim Taehyung (19:36): what? 

 Jeon Jungkook (19:36): LOOK AT SUGA’S TWITTER!! 

 Kim Taehyung (19:36): alright alright 

 Kim Taehyung (19:37): HOLY SHIT 

 Jeon Jungkook (19:37): I KNOW  

 Kim Taehyung (19:38): TICKETS ON SALE THIS TUESDAY 

 Jeon Jungkook (19:38): WE HAVE TO GO~~~~ 

 Kim Taehyung (19:38): WE’LL BE ABLE TO START OUR PLAN AS WELL 

 Kim Taehyung (19:39): YOU KNOW??? HAPPY HOSEOK HYUNG 

 Jeon Junkook (19:39): holy shit YES  

 Jeon Jungkook (19:39): you’ll buy tickets right? 

 Kim Taehyung (19:39): is water wet? Hell yes I will!  

 Jeon Jungkook (19:40): ah~ I can’t wait. When will the one around here be again? I forgot? 

 Kim Taehyung (19:40): A month from now. Wait! So new music is happening! 

 Jeon Jungkook (19:40): I’m trying SO HARD not to scream right now 

 Kim Taehyung (19:42): Hobi is like one meter away from me right now I’m suffering 
-Yoongi stretched and yawned. The concert announcement was out, the album announcement would be out soon, rehearsals will start soon. For now, he was tired. He promised to listen to Jimin about his day first, though. He was tired, but picking him up at an unfamiliar address was weird and he definitely needed some answers.‘Jiminie!’ He called. Jimin called back. ‘Come here and tell me about what happened today!’ The boy entered Yoongi’s room and sat down on the bed. ‘You remember Taehyung? The boy I met at the park?’ Jimin inquired. ‘Are you telling me that this was the same boy?’ Jimin nodded excitedly. ‘I was there, exercising my right you know. I got hit by something.’ He pointed at the cut, ‘and crouched down. Taehyung saw me, unaware that it was me, and came to help out. We left the sight together and he took care of me.’ he was smiling brightly. Just when Yoongi thought Jimin’s smile couldn’t get any bigger, he was proven wrong. ‘I have his phone number,’ Jimin whispered. ‘You what?’ ‘His number. I have it.’ Yoongi smiled, he could tell Jimin really liked this boy. Despite his exhaustion he didn’t regret listening to Jimin’s story. ‘I’m really happy for you, Jiminie. Let’s hope something will flourish from this, won’t we?’ He winked. Jimin laughed at Yoongi’s response. ‘Hyung, do you have anyone you like?’ Yoongi shook his head. ‘The only thing I currently want most is sleep. Lots of it.’ ‘Of course. You worked hard, thanks for listening to me. Sleep well Hyung.’ Jimin left his room quietly.When Yoongi’s head finally landed on his pillow and he was safely covered by his beloved blankets, he didn’t immediately fall asleep. Why did he think about Hoseok when Jimin asked him that question?Min Yoongi (00:12): Guess who can’t sleep
Jung Hoseok (00:15):me

Jung Hoseok (00:15): and you apparently

Jung Hoseok (00:15): why can’t you sleep? I thought you were exhausted
Min Yoongi (00:16): So did IMin Yoongi (00:16): I’m so annoyed I really want to sleep
Jung Hoseok (00:17): using your phone is definitely the best idea then! You could read a book until you’re tired
Min Yoongi (00:17): I was planning to talk to you until I’m sleepy, but it seems i’m not wanted
Jung Hoseok (00:17): that’s not it~ bother me if that makes you sleepy

Jung Hoseok (00:18): I saw such a cute dog today! It was big and fluffy and I want 10
Min Yoongi (00:18): I have a dog
Jung Hoseok (00:18): Holly!
Min Yoongi (00:18): nothing is more beautiful and pure than Holly
Jung Hoseok (00:19): I’m more interested in Holly than I am in you he (she? It?) sounds like the cutest thing in the world
Min Yoongi (00:19): heMin Yoongi (00:19): picture sent
Jung Hoseok (00:19): picture received

Jung Hoseok (00:20): OHHHHHHHH MYYYY GOOOOOOOD

Jung Hoseok (00:20): I’m gonna steal your dog he’d be happier with me
Min Yoongi (00:22): He said noMin Yoongi (00:22): and something else but that’s PG-13Min Yoongi (00:23): since we all know you’re not a university student and definitely are a child I cannot tell you
Jung Hoseok (00:25): Let me love Holly
Min Yoongi (00:25): that’s illegal
Jung Hoseok (00:26): I hate you
Min Yoongi (00:30): then why are you still talking to me?Hoseok stopped replying after that. Yoongi laughed at the irony of it. It was good, though. Getting little sleep himself wasn’t a problem, but he didn’t want Hoseok to endure that fatigue. It’s not like he cared that much about him, being sleep deprived is just terrible. Hoseok was just a random guy after all.-
Jung Hoseok (08:29): Everyone!

Jung Hoseok (08:29): About our performance in a few weeks!

Jung Hoseok (08:30): We still need one more song for it, may I suggest something
Kim Jong-in (08:32): Go aheadJackson Wang (08:33): Please!
Jung Hoseok (08:34): should I wait for everyone else to respond?
Kwon Soonyoung (08:36): I think it’s fine!Kim Jong-in (08:36): they’ll read it laterJung Hoseok (08:38): Ok ok. I found this mixtape online called “Agust D’ and it’s incredible. I think we should all listen to it and maybe decide whether we should choreograph a dance. For one of the songs.Lee Tae-min (08:40): hmm I suppose that’s a good ideaLee Tae-min (08:40): We’ll discuss that later when everyone’s here, but it’s a good idea
Jung Hoseok (08:40): thanks Hyung :D
 
Jung Hoseok (08:42): ehehe sorry hyung I fell asleep :3

Jung Hoseok (08:43): I’ve told my dance group about your music btw 
Min Yoongi (08:45): thanks hobi
Jung Hoseok (08:45): Did you sleep well?
Min Yoongi (08:47): Yeah, I wish it was longer I have to go to rehearsals in a few minutes
Jung Hoseok (08:47): oh~ good luck! Bye then!
Min Yoongi (08:47): didn’t say I was leaving yet
Jung Hoseok (08:48): ah you want the daily dose of hobi you missed out on for ages

Jung Hoseok (08:48): don’t worry there’s more than enough
Min Yoongi (08:49): you’re so fucking weird and that’s not the case I’m just bored
Jung Hoseok (08:50): sure~ don’t you have a roommate though can’t he entertain you
Min Yoongi (08:50): that bastard is still asleep I envy him so much right now
Jung Hoseok (08:50): just sleep when you get home?
Min Yoongi (08:51): Can’t I’m going out for dinner with some people afterwards
Jung Hoseok (08:51): you suffer so much 
Min Yoongi (08:51): Succeeding is worth itMin Yoongi (08:51): I have to go now, bye hobi
Jung Hoseok (08:52): bye Suga 

 -
Yoongi was in a taxi back home when he received a phone call. He didn’t bother to look at the caller ID and picked up immediately.‘This is Min Yoongi speaking.’ ‘Hello, everything’s ready to be announced and released.’ ‘Ah this for the album?. I’ll call you back when I’m home.’ ‘Understood, bye.’ He hung up and put his phone away. His new album was going to be released. He liked doing this unannounced and unexpectedly. It made things more interesting and exciting in his opinion. So that’s what he did. He dropped concerts dates all of a sudden, today there would be a sudden album. His success wasn’t necessarily sudden, he had worked long and hard. Most of his friendships weren’t sudden. Well, except Hoseok, he just walked in without previous announcement. Rude, Yoongi thought.Still deep in thought, the taxi stopped near his apartment. ‘Oi, kid. This is your stop.’ Yoongi frowned at the harsh treatment, but decided to be quiet. He paid and left. He entered his apartment, Jimin was there. However, Jimin was ignoring him. Instead he was smiling at his phone while typing faster than should be considered possible.‘I wonder what will break first. Your face or your phone.’  Jimin jumped, ‘Hyung you scared me! Don’t creep up on me like that!’ Yoongi shrugged, ‘you were too busy to even notice my presence.’ He looked at Jimin, who had gone back to typing and smiling. ‘Are you even listening to me? Who are you talking to anyway?’ he asked slightly annoyed. ‘Who do you think? Taehyung of course!’ Yoongi thought that if he was going to look at Jimin’s bright  expression for any longer he’d be blind. ‘Whatever. I’m gonna change and then leave. I won’t be here for dinner so take care of yourself.’
 Park Jimin (17:46): anyway I don’t care if Pikachu is worthless it’s the cutest Pokémon in the world you can’t stop me 

 Kim Taehyung (17:46): I once beat a Pikachu with a level 6 Bidoof  

 Park Jimin (17:46): I bet you did 

 Park Jimin (17:46): My roommate is the grumpiest in the world. If he’s not going to catch up on sleep soon to be happier I’m going to personally make him fall asleep  

 Kim Taehyung (17:47): how are you going to do that? 

 Park Jimin (17:47): Cling to him until he gives up  

 Park Jimin (17:47): It always works 

 Kim Taehyung (17:47): You’ve done it before? 

 Park Jimin (17:48): Of course  

 Park Jimin (17:48): jealous? 

 Kim Taehyung (17:48): maybe.. 

 Kim Taehyung (17:48): who is your roommate anyway? 

 Park Jimin (17:49): Dark, Grumpy, Self-proclaimed Genius  

 Park Jimin (17:49): Also known as Suga or Min Yoongi 

 Kim Taehyung (17:49): HJDFKDFHJK 

 Kim Taehyung (17:49): NO WAY 

 Park Jimin (17:50): Wow I wish you responded to me like that 

 Kim Taehyung (17:50) DONT MISUNDERSTAND IM JUST A HUGE FAN AND THIS IS EXTREMELY FORTUNATE RIGHT NOW 

 Park Jimin (17:50): why is it fortunate 

 Kim Taehyung (17:50): has he told you about someone who accidentally texted him a few weeks ago 

 Park Jimin (17:51): yes why 

 Kim Taehyung (17:51): don’t be so jealous this is exciting 

 Kim Taehyung (17:51): that’s my good friend and roommate 

 Park Jimin (17:52): nooOOO WAY 

 Kim Taehyung (17:52): YEESSSSS  

 Kim Taehyung (17:53): NOW ME AND MY OTHER FRIEND WANT TO MAKE THEM MEET. WE WERE GONNA DRAG HIM TO A CONCERT 

 Kim Taehyung (17:53): BUT NOW YOU’RE HERE YOU CAN HELP US 

 Park Jimin (17:53): His concert? That’s like a month away we have to speed this up 

 Kim Taehyung (17:53): You’re in? THANK YOU 

 Park Jimin (17:54); Of course I am. We’re gonna need to work on your little plan though. His concert? Please.  

 Kim Taehyung (17:54): we didn’t  really have any other options did we 

 Park Jimin (17:54): you’re lucky I’m here now 

 Kim Taehyung (17:54): I really am 

 Kim Taehyung (17:55): got any plans for tonight? 

 Kim Taehyung (17:55): me and my friends are having our weekly ‘Terrible drama’s’ marathon  

 Park Jimin (17:55): I wish I could join. I actually have a shoot tonight for some reason 

 Park Jimin (17:55): someone decided that 9 pm was a good idea  

 Kim Taehyung (17:56): wow that sucks good luck. What kind of shoot? 

 Park Jimin (17:56): I’m not going to spoil it. Please look forward to it  

 Kim Taehyung (17:56): I’m so impatient :/  

 Kim Taehyung (17:57): oh damn my friend is here gotta go. Talk to you later! 

 Park Jimin (17:57): bye Tae 
-Jungkook couldn’t stop laughing at his friends who were re-enacting a scene from the drama. They always did this, picked a drama and re-enacted some scenes dramatically. Despite it being a joke, they were always serious. Right now Taehyung and Hoseok were doing a scene where the characters had confessed their love and were staring into each other’s eyes before the inevitable kiss scene.Jungkook could tell the two were trying to remain serious. ‘Why do you think I act like I do when I’m around you? It’s not because I hate you, but I hate what you do to me!’ shouted Hoseok while gesturing. ‘Then tell me what I do to you! You’re confusing me!’ Taehyung responded. Taehyung’s acting was incredibly convincing, if the situation was any different Jungkook might have thought it was real. Hoseok stood up abruptly and ran a hand through his hair, ‘I can’t do this! Have you put a spell on me? Stop it!’ ‘I haven’t! You’re not making any sense!’‘I love you!’Then silence as they stared at each other.The silence lasted for about 3 seconds. All three of them burst out laughing hysterically. ‘Your face when you said I love you!’ ‘Admit it, you definitely wanted to kiss me!’ ‘Not when you make faces like that! I need a moment to breathe, oh my god.’‘You two were so convincing,’ Jungkook said in between fits of laughter.‘Now it’s time for hobi hyung and you to fight for me!’ Taehyung announced. ‘But he’s so much stronger than me I’m scared,’ Hoseok complained. Jungkook grinned, he knew he had the most muscle out of the three of them. He stood up and walked up to Hoseok while Taehyung sat down.‘What do you think you’re doing, brat? Stay away from her!’ he said trying to sound angry. Hoseok was trying his hardest to restrain a grin. ‘I don’t know what you’re talking about.’ ‘I’m not an idiot, I saw you. You were kissing. Stay away from her.’ He could hear Taehyung chuckling.  ‘Or what? What are you going to do?’ Hoseok challenged him. ‘Are you stupid? Trying to provoke me. You know what I’m capable of, fool.’ Hoseok actually looked scared. Jungkook was restraining laughter. ‘You can’t make me stay away from her. We are like magnets, we are attracted to each other by a force.’ Jungkook tried not to cringe. ‘Watch me.’ He moved towards Hoseok who naturally stepped backwards. He grabbed him by the waist, lifted him up and threw him over his shoulders.Hoseok started screaming, Jungkook and Taehyung started to laugh. ‘PUT ME DOWN! PUT ME DOWN! OH MY GOD’ ‘Wait! I have to take a picture!’ Taehyung pulled out his phone and quickly took one. In the picture Jungkook was grinning while Hoseok’s expression showed he was screaming. It seemed like lifting him up was quite effortless. He finally put Hoseok down, who looked traumatized. He then started to laugh loudly, ‘Never do that again.’ ‘I posted the masterpiece on twitter.’  Hoseok’s eyes widened and he shot towards Taehyung. ‘Delete it.’ ‘No’ ‘I’m begging you.’ ‘Never.’Hoseok decided to look at the tweet. He had to admit, the picture was hilarious. Taehyung had captioned it: Nothing out of the ordinary here. Just bros being bros.He decided to respond. ‘I never endorsed this behaviour’Then Jungkook joined. ‘Next time I’m carrying you bridal style’Taehyung responded with ‘My camera is ready, but the world isn’t’Hoseok laughed and replied, ‘I’m just a single father trying to care for his children and this is how you thank me.’-Yoongi had read the thread. He assumed those were the friends Hoseok had mentioned before. He didn’t care much about them, but it seemed they were close. The picture was hilarious, it was obvious Hoseok was screaming when it was taken. The boy who was lifting him up seemed to do it effortlessly. Was Hoseok that light? He wondered how tall Hoseok was. He shook his head, he didn’t care about that. The picture was funny, that was all. No other thoughts, Hoseok doesn’t matter that much to him.His album was about to be released into the wild. In 3 minutes, to be exact. He was gone earlier to go out for dinner to celebrate it with his manager. That’s why he was on twitter, to announce it and to see people’s reactions. Despite his indifferent attitude, he did care for reviews. One more minute. He started to count down in his head. He had worked hard, so he was a little nervous.20... 19... 18...He started to type the announcement tweet and included the link.4... 3... 2...He pressed the tweet button. Officially announced and out there for people to enjoy. He closed his laptop and went to bed. It’s done, time to rest.-
 Jeon Jungkook (11:34): I swear it’s the only thing I’ve been listening to for the past few days ever since it was released 

 Kim Taehyung (11:34): SAME 

 Kim Taehyung (11:34): and we have tickets! I cannot believe this I’m so happy 

 Kim Taehyung (11:35): also I’ve found someone who is going to help us with making suga and hobi hyung meet 

 Kim Taehyung (11:35): I’m going to visit him tomorrow so we can discuss it further. Can I call you right now to explain  

 Jeon Jungkook (11:35): yes sure 

 Jeon Jungkook (11:44): still CANNOT believe it. Park Jimin? really? 

 Kim Taehyung (11:45): me neither I still think this is a dream 

 Jeon Jungkook (11:45):good luck tomorrow!




Chapter End Notes
Let's hope the south korean government won't sue me for this. Btw don't expect too much from appearances of other performers, these were cameos because it was necessary (pls don't hate me I'm simple). Thank you so much for reading this, I hope you liked it :) (don't forgot to vote on MAMA)


Chapter 7
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Min Yoongi (13:13): the one time I have a day off I want to be at work
Jung Hoseok (13:13): why?
Min Yoongi (13:14): my friend’s crush is over and they’re loud I can hear them through the walls
Jung Hoseok (13:14): are they... doing... you know?
Min Yoongi (13:14): no thank god they aren’t I would’ve killed them both.Min Yoongi (13:15): they’re talking and laughing and making noise and I can hear themMin Yoongi (13:15): it was worse first because they were gaming. Now I think they’re just talking and joking
Jung Hoseok (13:16): what are they talking about?
Min Yoongi (13:16): It’s indecipherable, but there’s a lot of laughing
Jung Hoseok (13:16): at least they’re having fun

Jung Hoseok (13:16): my roommate isn’t even home right now I have no idea where he is.
Min Yoongi (13;17): I’d rather have that
Jung Hoseok (13:18): evil witch strikes again. Let them be happy and cute

Jung Hoseok (13:18): I bet it’s a requited crush honestly keep updating me
Min Yoongi (13:20): I honestly think so too and I hope it is as well
Jung Hoseok (13:21): the evil witch has a heart after all

Jung Hoseok (13:21): I am aghast 
Min Yoongi (13:22): don’t get used to itMin Yoongi (13:25): they’re quiet?Min Yoongi (13:25): wait a minuteMin Yoongi (13:25): HOBI
Jung Hoseok (13;25): YES?
Min Yoongi (13:25): I THINK THEY’RE KISSING?Min Yoongi (13:26): IT GOT QUIET AND THEN I HEARD A WEIRD NOISE WHICH SOUNDED LIKE A KISS
Jung Hoseok (13:26): Holy SHIT YES OMG 
Min Yoongi (13:26): They’re definitely kissingMin Yoongi (13:27): I kind of want to walk in
Jung Hoseok (13:27): don’t you dare Min Yoongi 
Min Yoongi (13:27): I wouldn’t dare toMin Yoongi (13:28): My two closest friends have boyfriends I’m going to be exposed to so much PDA
Jung Hoseok (13:28):your two... male best friends? Have boyfriends?
Min Yoongi (13:28): yes if you have a problem with that don’t talk to me ever again
Jung Hoseok (13:28): NO NO ON THE CONTRARY I’M TOTALLY COOL WITH IT JUST CURIOUS
Min Yoongi (13:28): good.Min Yoongi (13:28): they stopped kissing and are now giggling. Gross.
Jung Hoseok (13:29): aw~

Jung Hoseok (13:29): what about your sexuality?
Min Yoongi (13:30): that’s classified
Jung Hoseok (13:30): Alright that’s fair
-Yoongi couldn’t help but mention what he had heard while the other boy was still here. ‘So, little Jimin. I heard you had fun?’ Jimin nodded and smiled. ‘Next time he’s here be more quiet. I’m not interested in where you’re putting your mouth.’ Jimin choked on his drink and almost spat it out. Yoongi grinned at his response. ‘I can explain I swea-’ Yoongi cut him off, ‘no need to. Just tone down the PDA when I’m around.’ ‘Did you hear anything else?’ Yoongi shook his head, ‘just noise and laughter.’ Jimin nodded and sighed relieved.-
 Park Jimin (20:01): He heard us kiss 

 Park Jimin (20:01): I’m so embarrassed  

 Kim Taehyung (20:02): Did he? Oops  

 Kim Taehyung (20:02): He’s ok with it right 

 Park Jimin (20:03): He’s not a fan of couples doing PDA 

 Kim Taehyung (20:03): I mean the fact that we’re boys  

 Park Jimin (20:03): Yes he’s very much ok with it 

 Kim Taehyung (20:04): that’s a relief. He didn’t hear about our plans right?  

 Park Jimin (20:04): Nope he didn’t  

 Kim Taehyung (20:04): good. I’m gonna create a group chat with you and Jungkook hang on 
 
 Kim Taehyung (20:05): There we go 

 Kim Taehyung (20:05): Jungkook meet Jimin. Jimin meet Jungkook 
 Jeon Jungkook (20:06): Hello Jimin Hyung    J    I’ve heard lots about you 
 Jeon Jungkook (20:06): only good things don’t worry 

 Park Jimin (20:07): hello~ you have? Interesting. I wonder who told you 

 Kim Taehyung (20:07): Don’t look at me! Jimin enlighten the boy on our genius plan 

 Park Jimin (20:08): So our plan is that we’re all going to the mall. You, Taetae and Hoseok are going together and me & Yoongi. Then we’re going to coincidentally meet somewhere, at a café or something, but we’ll all be gone and they’re going to be alone. Then magic will happen 

 Jeon Jungkook (20:08): that’s a terrible idea 

 Kim Taehyung (20:08): excuse me? 

 Park Jimin (20:09): Tae you didn’t tell me this kid is rude 

 Kim Taehyung (20:09): I’m as surprised as you are. Do you have any better ideas? 

 Jeon Jungkook (20:10): Yes, but I’m not going to tell you because I want to see this fail 

 Park Jimin (20:10): the disrespect! 

 Kim Taehyung (20:10): Go to your room young man. Respect your Hyungs 

 Park Jimin (20:11): daddy       

 Kim Taehyung (20:11): what 

 Jeon Jungkook (20:11): I’m too young for this 

 Park Jimin (20:11): I don’t know what you’re talking about 

 Jeon Jungkook (20:12): anyway, I’m in. Good plan hyungs 

 Kim Taehyung (20:12): but you just said it’s terrible 

 Jeon Jungkook (20:12): I changed my mind 

 Park Jimin (20:12): well then all we have to do is set a date. For now, I propose this Saturday. Both I and Yoongi don’t have anything scheduled 

 Kim Taehyung (20:13): Yes, sure~ 

 Jeon Jungkook (20:13): that’s alright 

 Park Jimin (20:13): then that’s settled :D  
-Hoseok couldn’t sleep. His mind was filled with thoughts, concerns and questions. His conversation with Yoongi today had really thrown him off. He was thinking about what Yoongi had told him about his roommate who was apparently in love with another boy.Hoseok had never thought about it, love, relationships, girls. He was too busy with school, dance and his mental health to think about it. Thinking about Yoongi’s roommate, though, made him think. He wondered what truly liking someone would feel like, kissing someone he loved. What scared him the most is that kissing Yoongi crossed his mind. He didn’t know what to do with this confusion.Firstly, does this mean he has a crush? Secondly, does this mean his crush is Yoongi? He didn’t like these confusing thoughts and feelings. He got up and walked to Taehyung’s room. He knocked, hoping he was awake. ‘Come in.’‘Taehyung? Can- can I talk to you about something?’ He asked. Taehyung nodded and moved over, making space on his bed. Hoseok lay down and started. ‘I was talking to Yoongi hyung today. He told me his roommate’s crush is over. He heard them kiss. They’re both boys. I started to think about it.’ Hoseok stopped to gather his thoughts. ‘I’ve never really liked someone. But now I wondered what it would feel like to like someone like that, kiss someone you truly liked.  Then my mind wandered. It jumped to liking boys. To liking Yoongi and wanting to kiss him. Now I don’t know what to do.’ He stopped talking, Taehyung was silent. ‘How long have you been struggling with this? It wasn’t sudden, was it?’ Hoseok shook his head and covered his face with his hands. ‘I always thought boys were... nice to look at? But I ignored it. Because I’m straight. Everyone is so I never really decided to doubt it. Every time I saw an attractive boy I looked away and ignored it. There was never really a reference for me or someone I could talk to, so I kept continuing telling myself I’m straight. Then we became friends and you-’ Taehyung interrupted him ‘then we became friends and I came out to you.’ Hoseok nodded, ‘I thought it was amazing. But I just assumed it was because we’re friends. I’ve started to wonder more over the past few months, but decided to ignore it, to suppress it. Now suddenly it hit me and it’s really weird and kind of scary as well.’ ‘It’s scary, I know But please know it’s ok to feel like this.’ ‘It doesn’t feel ok.’ ‘I  know it doesn’t. Will you let me tell you something?’ ‘You don’t have to put any effort into this, these are my own stupid thoughts.’ ‘They’re not stupid. Let me tell you.’ Taehyung cleared his throat and started talking.‘Figuring out your sexuality is different for everyone, but it’s always a little hard. In a world where everyone is yellow and everything is for yellow people, you find out you’re green. That’s terrifying, because you always thought you were yellow too. No one around you is yellow.‘You feel so wrong. It’s scary to find out and even harder to come to terms with, especially because there are yellow people who hate different colours. They’ll want to turn you yellow, but that’s impossible. However, some day you’ll find people who are also green, or pink, blue, red. Finding them will always be nice, because you’re not alone. It helps you to embrace being green. To celebrate it. Don’t be afraid, Hyung. It’s okay to be, but don’t allow the world or your own fear to stop you from accepting yourself.’Hoseok was silent. He was processing what Taehyung had said. It was a strange metaphor, but he understood. He realised this wasn’t something he could solve in two minutes and then go on with his life. It was something he had repressed for years that had grown into something huge without him realising. Having Taehyung here made it a little better and a little less scary. Having someone to talk to, someone who understood.‘Thank you so much, Tae.’‘No problem. You can always talk to me. Even about this.’‘Thank you, you too.’‘Do you want to stay here for the rest of the night? Cuddle a little?’‘Yes, but no homo’Taehyung laughed, ‘Never mind, I’m kicking you out.’-Jimin woke up excitedly. Today was Saturday, the day they were going to make Yoongi and Hoseok meet. He was also seeing Taehyung again, he might actually be more excited about that. They decided to all be at a nearby mall at 12:30 and be at the café around 13:00. He still had a little over an hour before they should leave. He was relieved that Yoongi had agreed to go, but they had to hurry because apparently Yoongi was meeting with Namjoon. He cursed Yoongi’s busy schedule. He cursed his own as well.
 Park Jimin (10:50): TaeTae~ I look forward to today. Let’s hope it all works out. 

 Kim Taehyung (10:52): Heyhey :) 

 Kim Taehyung (10:52): I hope so too. Hobi hyung is awake now and Kookie should be here in a few minutes.  

 Park Jimin (10:53): ok good . I have to go wake Grumps up now, I’ll see you there 

 Park Jimin (10:53): bye <3 

 Kim Taehyung (10:54): bye <3 
-‘I still don’t understand why Kookie and I had to come with you.’ Hoseok whined. ‘Because, dearest Hobi, being with the two of you is always fun.’ ‘I could spend my morning on something other than clothes shopping,’ Jungkook added. Taehyung rolled his eyes, this was for a good cause, they’ll learn to appreciate it. ‘Anyway, after I’ve paid for this we can go for some coffee.’ He wanted to sound like he was offering it instead of forcing it. He saw Hoseok’s expression change, telling him it worked. Maybe this would work out.He paid and they left the store. Taehyung decided they should sit down somewhere before going to the café as they had plenty of time. He gestured for the two others to follow him.‘Taehyung,’ said Jungkook  ‘What is it?’ he asked.‘We have a problem.’ ‘what kind of problem could we possible have we’re going to get coffee.’‘We-uh We lost Hoseok.’ ‘We lost- what do you mean’‘He’s not here.’ Taehyung looked around and Jungkook was right, they had lost him. Taehyung sighed in frustration, how on earth was Hoseok the oldest? How could they lose him? ‘I told you it wouldn’t work,’ Jungkook teased with a grin. Taehyung just glared at him.
 Kim Taehyung (13:02): CODE RED WE LOST HOSEOK 

 Park Jimin (13:02): you WHAT 

 Kim Taehyung (13:03): I’m trying not to freak out  

 Kim Taehyung (13:03): If we haven’t found him in 5 minutes you can leave 

 Park Jimin (13:04): But I wanted to see you today 

 Park Jimin (13:04): and make them meet of course 

 Kim Taehyung (13:04): I can come over later? I have to go find him now, byeee 
-After 15 minutes they found him near the fountain and ice cream shop. ‘Where have you been! What are you doing here!’ asked Taehyung angrily. Besides making his plan fail he was worried sick. Jungkook was sheepishly walking behind him, not saying anything. Hoseok looked confused. ‘I saw a crying child so I helped him? He lost his mother! I told you guys and I thought you heard me!’ He explained. Taehyung looked down and saw a small boy clutching Hoseok’s hand. His anger and concern faded away and he looked at the child. The child was hiding behind Hoseok’s legs. ‘Let’s find his mother then!’Hoseok stopped him.'We were going to get some ice cream, actually. To make things a little less scary, right?' He looked down at the child who nodded at him. Taehyung shrugged, 'Then we'll do that. How about you two stay there while Jungkook and I find an employee? Then they can announce we found a child without parents.' Hoseok smiled at Taehyung's suggestion and nodded.While Hoseok and the boy walked towards the ice cream shop Taehyung and Jungkook went to search for an employee. Jungkook quickly decided to inform Jimin on the events.
 Jeon Jungkook (13:18): Jimin Hyung. We found Hoseok, he was helping a child to find his mother. Everything’s fine we’re all searching now. Are you on your way home? 
 Park Jimin (13:20): Yes we are, thanks Jungkook. Tell Taehyung to call me.   ' ‘I think that’s a security guard, come on,’ he nudged Jungkook. They approached the man. As they neared him they noticed how tall the man was, it was slightly intimidating. Taehyung cleared his throat, ‘Excuse me, sir. I’d like to report a missing child.’ The man’s first observed Taehyung, then Jungkook.His eyes rested on the latter, ‘Aren’t you a little bit old to be lost?’ the man asked. Jungkook flushed while Taehyung snorted. ‘No, that’s just my friend. The child I’m talking about is at the ice cream shop with another friend. We came to find someone to announce it, so the parents can pick him up,’ he explained. The man grinned, ‘Sorry, kid. I will right away, follow me.’-In the end, they found the boy’s mother who thanked them and apologised. She offered to buy them something, but they declined. They were just relieved the kid was safe. Taehyung was still a little disappointed their failure, but knew they had more time to make them meet. Hoseok laughed at the guard’s mistake when they told him about his mistake. Jungkook was still a little offended.-Yoongi’s morning was strange. Jimin had wanted to go shopping and get coffee. Then he got some texts and his entire mood changed, so they left. Yoongi wanted to ask him, but decided against it because he didn’t want to stick his nose in his friend’s business. They went home earlier than expected, but Jimin immediately went to his room so Yoongi was bored. He didn’t have to leave yet. There was nothing on TV either. Should he text Hoseok? A small conversation.Min Yoongi (13:30): Hobi, i’m bored talk to me
Jung Hoseok (13:32): I found a lost child today
Min Yoongi (13:32): You did? Tell me more
Jung Hoseok (13:34): me and my friends were at a mall. I saw a crying child so I went up to him and asked him what’s wrong. He lost his mother so we went to search for her together. My friends then lost me and went to search for me. In the end my friends found me and I find his mother. Then we went to get coffee
Min Yoongi (13:34): wow hero
Jung Hoseok (13:35): Well I couldn’t just ignore the kid!
Min Yoongi (13:36): Do you have any other plans for this wild day
Jung Hoseok (13:36): Since I’m going to see Moana soon I decided to watch some of Disney’s most recent ones

Jung Hoseok (13:36): Time to start singing let it go at full volume
Min Yoongi (13:37): Can you film that so I can laugh at you
Jung Hoseok (13:37): Don’t you mean ‘Admire me’
Min Yoongi (13:37): It’s like you read my mind
Jung Hoseok (13:38): Oh~ do I?
Min Yoongi (13:39): No. Don’t flatter yourself
Jung Hoseok (13:39): when’s your Disney debut?
Min Yoongi (13:40): please look forward to it
Jung Hoseok (13:40): I think you might be the best villain yet
Min Yoongi (13:40): Who are the best ones according to you?
Jung Hoseok (13:41): Well scariest go to Malificent (sleeping beauty) and the voodoo guy. They’re just straight up creepy

Jung Hoseok (13:42): But Gaston and Shan Yu are so real which ultimately makes them the most terrifying
Min Yoongi (13:43): what makes them so real?
Jung Hoseok (13:43): you’re not even ready for this, why do you allow me talk about this omg :D

Jung Hoseok (13:45): Gaston is just the ultimate sexist. There are a lot of people out there who think the way he does. That’s harmful and the fact that a cartoon character reflects that so well is quite incredible? I hope you don’t think women shouldn’t think because if so I’ll fight you right now
Min Yoongi (13:45): I’m offended that that thought even crosses your mind
Jung Hoseok (13:45): good

Jung Hoseok (13:47): Shan Yu is also scary, because there’s literally no poof poof now you’re dead or cursed stuff going on. He mercilessly murdered and terrorised many people and was so power hungry. Like many people do and did. Without magic or anything. It’s scary how descriptive Mulan was if you think about it 
Min Yoongi (13:48): Never thought those movies were so real and that you could think of them so deeply. I might watch them when I have the time
Jung Hoseok (13:48):Mission accomplished. Thank you for letting me talk about this the only person who ever listens to my Disney rambles is Tae
Min Yoongi (13:49): Well it’s something you love so there’s no shame.Min Yoongi (13:49): besides I like hearing you talk about it
Jung Hoseok (13:49): :O really?
Min Yoongi (13:50): Yes, but I have to go now. Serious Rapper Business. Bye
Jung Hoseok (13:50): goodbye~
-Yoongi had come over to help Namjoon write and compose. He was working on new music too and a new mixtape was in the making. Namjoon and Yoongi had always helped each other, especially with music. He had asked him to listen to the songs he had already composed as well. Yoongi really admired his friend. Namjoon was a lot more thoughtful with everything, especially music.Despite his skill, Namjoon was terribly insecure sometimes. He constantly doubted himself and what he had created. Yoongi couldn’t always understand. Striving for perfection is one thing, but breaking yourself down because you think everything you create isn’t good enough is a whole different level. Namjoon drew strength from his friend’s support and advice. Yoongi’s brutal honesty and skill were helpful whenever he needed it.-They had pretty much finished working and were laying on the couch in silence. Yoongi was deep in thought. This was the second time he was alone with Namjoon since Yoongi had found out he and Seokjin were in a relationship. Whenever he was around, so was Jin. ‘Namjoon?’ ‘Yes?’ ‘Can I ask you something?’Namjoon laughed, ‘You just did. Go ahead.’ Yoongi rolled his eyes. ‘You and Seokjin. How did you meet? How did you know you liked him?’ Namjoon considered a witty response, but decided to give a serious answer.‘It’s a weird story. We were at a gig. I didn’t know him at the time by the way. It ended, but I didn’t have any transport home. So I decided to be bold and asked him if he had a car. He was so confused, looking back it was so endearing. Anyway, he agreed to drive me home. I asked him how I could thank him. He told me I should give him my number, so that’s what I did.’ Yoongi listened attentively to Namjoon’s story.‘I didn’t hear from him for days. Suddenly I received a text from him. He asked if I wanted to go out for dinner with him, as a way of returning the favour.’ Yoongi interrupted him, ‘That’s a strange request.’ ‘That’s what I thought! But I agreed to it and met him for dinner. However, I had only seen him in the dark, so when I met him at the restaurant I properly saw him for the first time. Needless to say, the restaurant or strange request didn’t matter anymore. This man was gorgeous and I actually stared at him before he brought me back to reality. During the dinner any weirdness faded away, we clicked so much it was amazing.’ Namjoon started to get carried away. Yoongi was happy for him, but he wanted his actual question answered, ‘so how did you know you liked him?’‘Right, sorry. Firstly, I constantly wanted to talk to him, I wanted his attention. I wanted to hear about him and when he wasn’t there I wondered and thought about him. Whenever we did talk I was smiling and I felt really weird. This intensified. I started to think about hugging him, cuddling him, making him happy. I cared more and more about him. This hasn’t really stopped, I still feel like this all the time. Being with him makes me happy. When he’s around me I gravitate towards him. Does this answer your question?’Yoongi had absorbed Namjoon’s words. He didn’t know his friend could be so sappy, but it did answer his question. He got more than he wanted. ‘Yes, thanks.’ Was all he really managed to say. ‘May I ask why you want to know?’ Yoongi abruptly shot up. The conclusion he drew in his head wasn’t what he wanted. He needed to leave right now. ‘No you can’t. Bye, Namjoon.’ He practically ran out of the apartment. Namjoon was left behind in completely confusion. Had he said something wrong? He decided to leave him be. Yoongi was strange, he pulled weird shit all the time.Meanwhile Yoongi was still walking as fast as he could. He didn’t want to run, he wasn’t that dramatic. His thoughts were a wild mess, making his head spin. Every few seconds it came back to one thing: He liked Jung Hoseok.



Chapter End Notes
Well, that was personal. I suppose you can guess which part was. I didn't feel good with writing a story centered around an lgbt couple without addressing sexuality in some way or another. So yah I shared some personal things which was difficult especially because I'm terrible with words. Tae's little colour thing is actually what a friend said to me to comfort me (got their permission to use it ). Anyway! I hope you liked this, if you did or didn't feel free to tell me. I know I update fast, but I won't for the coming week because I'm busy. Thank you so much for reading this it makes me really happy :D (Side note the sope vlive lol kill me all these vlives have killed me but fuck let me live @ sope)


Chapter 8
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




After finding out he considered his options
The first was ignoring him, but that failed after a day. He was not capable of it and he was not a douche bag. Ignoring someone without explanation is heartless, he won’t go that low.
His second option was talking to someone about it, maybe that would help him sort out his feelings. He had Jimin and Namjoon, but he felt too awkward. Namjoon hadn’t even trusted Yoongi enough to tell him about his boyfriend. Jimin was too busy with his own.
His third was confronting and accepting it. Maybe even finding out whether Hoseok liked him back. However, that went out of the window as soon as it crossed his mind. He wasn’t going to verify this ridiculous crush. He was certain Hoseok didn’t even like him. He didn’t even know how he should approach him.
The last option was to just ignore his feelings. He could make it go away if he didn’t acknowledge it. He decided to just go on like nothing happened. He talked to Hoseok the same way he always did. Rehearsed, pretended he didn’t feel a small tinge of envy when Jimin told him he was going out on a date. Ignoring his feelings, especially after they had revealed themselves, proved to be harder than he originally anticipated.
 Hoseok was so incredibly endearing. The way he talked about things he loved, his constant energy and enthusiasm had such a positive impact on him. Even when Hoseok’s positivity faltered and showed a more sensitive side, Yoongi loved it. When he was complaining about the cold weather or his classes. And his selfies, God, his selfies. Yoongi had an album on his phone that was filled with pictures of Hoseok, though he wouldn’t admit it.
He still needed to concentrate, though, stupid crush or not. His tour starts next week. He would be lying if he said he didn’t look forward to finally performing.
-
‘Jimin, I’m going to walk Holly! Do you want to come with?’ Yoongi offered. The weather was nice and he could do with some fresh air and company. Not that Holly’s wasn’t sufficient. ‘No, sorry. I have to leave for a shoot in 5,’ Jimin responded. Yoongi shrugged. ‘Your loss.’
It was not too hot outside, but not too cold. The sun was shining, but the November temperature was present. There was no icy wind either, perfect. He looked at Holly who was happily running in front of him. Yoongi was headed towards a park where he could let Holly run.
Holly was unlike his owner on that part. Yoongi hated exercise with a burning passion, but his dog loved running and chasing things.
When he arrived at the park he had the opportunity to sit down. He let Holly run freely while he had time to breathe in the fresh air and think a little. He wondered what it was like to be a dog, a simpler being. A dog’s life must be so much easier. He didn’t consider them inferior to humans. In fact, he preferred dogs. They were kinder, less complicated. Most humans were full of hate and made everything more difficult than they were. It sometimes made his head hurt.
His mind drifted to Hoseok. He didn’t make his head hurt. He made things a little nicer. Or a lot, Yoongi was still in denial. Hoseok was complex, he had many sides. His enthusiastic side and his caring side, but also his sensitive and serious sides which he sometimes showed. Hoseok had sides Yoongi probably had yet to discover.
His eyes scanned  the grass field, looking for Holly. He panicked when he couldn’t immediately find his dog, Then he noticed he was playing with another dog. It was cute, but he really had to go. Yoongi called the dog over and after a few seconds Holly ran towards him. ‘Time to go, you cute little thing,’ he whispered to the dog as he put the leash on.
Yoongi was walking through a semi-busy street when he suddenly stopped. Someone was walking out of a store a few meters ahead of him. Someone who looked too familiar. Even from a distance he could recognize the features that had become too familiar.
It was Jung Hoseok.
Yoongi panicked. He quickly turned around and walked in the opposite direction. He didn’t know whether Hoseok was actually walking into the other direction, so in his blind panic he entered the nearest shop, pulling Holly with him.
He was relieved that he probably lost Hoseok. When he calmed down he realised that he had walked into a shop for women’s clothes and lingerie
If he wasn’t already red, he definitely was now. Yoongi apologised to women inside the store and walked out as quickly as he came in. He couldn’t believe that just happened. Still red faced he looked around so see if Hoseok was there. To his relief, he wasn’t.
Min Yoongi (15:03): You’re not gonna believe this
Min Yoongi (15:03): but I just accidentally walked into a shop for women’s clothing
Min Yoongi (15:03): and lingerie

Jung Hoseok (15:05): OMG I’M LAUGHING

Min Yoongi (15:05): I’ve never seen so many women looking at me the way they did

Jung Hoseok (15:06): I bet they generally don’t look at you

Min Yoongi (15:07): I don’t want them to I’m not interested in them

Jung Hoseok (15:08): :O


Jung Hoseok (15:08): then what does beguile you Min Yoongi?

Min Yoongi (15:09): wouldn’t you like to know

Jung Hoseok (15:09): I bet it’s something really weird


Jung Hoseok (15:10): like tentacles 

Min Yoongi (15:10): I hate you. No I’m not turned on by that. Go away you disgust me

Jung Hoseok (15:10): it was worth a shot~


Jung Hoseok (15:11): why did you even walk into that shop anyway

Min Yoongi (15:11): I was avoiding someone

Jung Hoseok (15:11): why? What’d they do?

Min Yoongi (15:12): nothing bad I just didn’t feel like seeing them
Mim Yoongi (15:12): I was walking Holly and to be honest I was more scared they’d recognise him

Jung Hoseok (15:13): at least dogs don’t understand lingerie

Min Yoongi (15:14): neither do I those clasps are impossible
Min Yoongi (15:14): wait PG-13 your mother's going to sue me I forgot you were a child
Jung Hoseok (15:15): I'm just surprised honestly  
Jung Hoseok (15:15): no lady with decent self respect would come near you  
Min Yoongi (15:16): I'm going to be offended after unlocking this door hang on
Min Yoongi (15:19): Excuse me need I remind you of the time you were 'offended by my face' and then another time you dropped your phone

Jung Hoseok (15:19): the difference is that I'm a stupid boy with 1% self esteem 


Jung Hoseok (15:19): So I, on the other hand, easily fall victim to gross old men 

Min Yoongi (15:20): If you have a crush on me you could just tell me
J ung Hoseok (15:20): the 1% self esteem I have has saved me from that
Min Yoongi (15:21): this is why I'm the evil witch. Your words hurt me deeply

Jung Hoseok (15:22): If you're actually the evil witch what does that make me 

Min Yoongi (15:23): I've seen one Disney movie in my entire life

Jung Hoseok (15:23): Right I was overestimating you 

Min Yoongi (15:24): Why are you like this normally it's the other way around

Jung Hoseok (15:25): I've had precisely two hours of sleep

Min Yoongi (15:25): I see. What's keeping you up

Jung Hoseok (15:26): Useless thoughts 

Min Yoongi (15:26): what are you thinking about then?

Jung Hoseok (15:27): so how hard would you laugh if I told you I liked someone 

Min Yoongi (15:27): hmm
Min Yoongi (15:28): they'd probably hear me in new york

Jung Hoseok (15:28): harsh :( I thought we were friends

Min Yoongi (15:28): no we are the evil witch and other disney trope

Jung Hoseok (15:28): Honestly I'll take it

Jung Hoseok (15:29): this person has just been keeping me awake. They're constantly on my mind and I think I can finally put all these Disney songs I know by heart to good  usage 
Min Yoongi (15:29): that's gross
Min Yoongi (15:30): I'd love to hear more about this unlucky person, but I have to go. Important rapper business. Bye hobi
Jung Hoseok (15:30): Bye!!  He wasn't actually busy. He just couldn't handle reading more because he was incredibly jealous. - Hoseok was frustrated. How could he let Yoongi know he liked him without directly telling him? Subtlety wasn't his strongest trait and neither was flirting. He was too shy and scared to tell Yoongi just like that, but he didn't want this to go nowhere. He wasn't hopeful, but maybe there was a small chance his feelings were requited.
Maybe he should ask Taehyung as he was meeting his boyfriend today. Not just a quick hi, but he would actually stay for dinner. Hoseok was incredibly excited to meet him. Taehyung had told him they've been dating for quite a while, but he was a little too shy to tell him. This explained why his friend was out so often. He never asked, he knew Tae would tell him eventually and he did. He was so happy for him. - The doorbell rang. Both Taehyung and Hoseok jumped up. 'Stay calm, ok? Don't act weird,' Taehyung said to him. Hoseok nodded. It was difficult to hide his excitement. He sat down on the couch and turned away, pretending to be casual. He heard Taehyung opening the door. He turned and saw them embrace. The boy’s face was buried in Taehyung’s shoulder, so Hoseok could only see the top of his head. He was trying his hardest to hide his excitement. He felt the urge to immediately befriend the boy, even though Hoseok hadn’t even seen his face.
They murmured something, but Hoseok couldn’t hear. Finally Taehyung turned towards him. ‘Hyung, meet my boyfriend, Park Jimin.’ The boy, Jimin, stepped from  behind Taehyung and waved awkwardly. Hoseok smiled widely and waved back. ‘Hello! I’m Jung Hoseok! I wish I could say I’ve heard a lot about you but,’ his gaze drifted to Taehyung, ‘unfortunately I haven’t.’ Jimin laughed at this.
 Hoseok nodded at Taehyung as if trying to tell him he approved of him.
‘Jimin, come here,’ Hoseok said and gestured for him to sit down. Jimin hesitated. He looked at Taehyung who nodded at him. He sat down on the coach next to Hoseok, still looking uncomfortable.
‘So, Jimin. You understand that because I’m his friend I spend a lot of time with him, right?’ Jimin frowned and nodded. ‘I have a deal. How about you tell me how your love blossomed and I tell you all weird things about Tae and how much of an idiot he is,’ he offered, a mischievous grin appeared on his face. All of Jimin’s hesitation faded and was replaced with similar mischief.
‘Hey! I never agreed to this! What are you two up to!’ Taehyung protested against their agreement. ‘Do I tell you first? Or do you tell me those amazing stories,’ Jimin questioned. ‘You tell me about your amazing love story of course. Up until this morning I didn’t even know about your existence.’ Jimin feigned offense.
Taehyung had given up on trying to stop them, he was just going to have to suffer through this. Jimin greatly exaggerated how they met when he had lost Jungkook. Telling Hoseok how he was ‘Close to tears’ and ‘looked like a damsel in distress’ or  how ‘he obviously fell in love right there when he saw Jimin’s prince-like looks’. That part wasn’t exaggerated, but Hoseok didn’t need to know that.
If he wasn’t able to stop them, he might as well embarrass Jimin. ‘How about our second meeting then, Jiminie?’ he started. Jimin raised his eyebrows at him. Taehyung went on, talking about how he had saved Jimin’s life at the protests. How Jimin was desperately holding on to him for safety. He noticed Jimin was blushing and continued talking fervently. ‘Let’s not forget you called me an Angel,’ he added with a grin. ‘You’re not lying, but it wasn’t me who was speechless and practically frozen when exchanging phone numbers,’ Jimin shot back. Taehyung shrugged, ‘How couldn’t I?’
Hoseok greatly enjoyed listening to their stories. He noticed their strong chemistry and couldn’t feel happier for his friend. Their bickering was adorable. He still couldn’t believed they had known each other, that Taehyung has been liking someone, for so long.
‘By the way, Taehyung. Have you told him our plans for next week?’Jimin inquired. Hoseok snapped back to reality. He looked at them both in confusion. ‘Oh, right.’ He shifted, ‘We’re all going to Suga’s concert in a few days. You, me and Kookie.’
Hoseok frowned, ‘Really? Wait, there’s concerts? We’re going? When?’ Now Taehyung was confused too, ‘He didn’t tell you?’
 Hoseok shook his head, ‘He only tells me he’s busy. I don’t want to pry, so I decided not to ask.’ Jimin rolled his eyes. Taehyung only seemed to become more excited. ‘He dropped a new album a while ago. A small tour starts in a couple of days and we’re going! We’ll show you later,’ Taehyung explained.
Hoseok raised his eyebrows, ‘You’re a fan of him too?’. Taehyung threw his ends up in frustration, ‘Don’t you listen to anything I say? They’re roommates, Hyung!’
Hoseok’s expression was puzzled. He thought about the weird speed lesson Tae and Jungkook had given him ages ago. He vaguely remembered a name similar to Jimin’s being mentioned, but he must have been too confused to properly register that.
Taehyung’s boyfriend was the model he always gushed about? Taehyung’s boyfriend was the roommate of the guy he’s been crushing on for weeks? Taehyung knew? The information was being processed in his mind.
‘Hyung, are you okay?’
 ‘Why haven’t you told me about this before?’ He tried not to sound cold. He wasn’t angry, just slightly disappointed.
 ‘I’m sorry. You understand, right? It was a lot to process for me, too. I wanted to establish something with Jimin as well,’ he explained. Jimin sensed the serious air and shifted uncomfortably. He wanted to say something as well, but knew he was in no position to. He understood both of them. ‘I’m sorry you had to find out this way, Hoseok hyung. Do you think you can keep it a secret for a while longer? We want to surprise him at the concert,’ he carefully said.
Hoseok perked up. ‘You guys planned this? That’s so sweet. And weird, but mostly sweet!’ Taehyung looked at Jimin who smiled at him. He knew Jimin was a master at empathy and he was incredibly grateful.
He wondered how he managed to get so lucky and it had only been mere weeks. He was startled by Hoseok clapping his hands, ‘Well, how about I go cook something and then I can tell you about some of the best things our dear Taehyungie has ever done.’
Taehyung was sure he has never been this embarrassed in his entire life. Hoseok had shared ugly pictures and awkward stories. These stories vary from the fact that he bumps against absolutely everything to the time he tripped on a busy escalator and fell into a stranger’s arms. Jimin was laughing the entire time, so it was worth it. Still, he wasn’t going to forgive Hobi. He will get his revenge.
-

 Park Jimin (21:04): Change of plans. I’m sleeping over here.    

Min Yoongi (21:05): Are you?
Min Yoongi (21:05): I hope you use protection

 Park Jimin (21:05): Hyung~ don’t be gross you know damn well that won’t happen 


 Park Jimin (21:06): besides his roommate is here 

Min Yoongi (21:06): I pity the poor guy. I understand the pain he must be going through

 Park Jimin (21:07): He’s really nice and energetic I think I might move in here 

Min Yoongi (21:07): Yeah please don’t do that

 Park Jimin (21:08): You know I won’t. I’ll text you when I go home tomorrow  

Min Yoongi (21:08): noted
 
Min Yoongi (21:08): my roommate is sleeping over at his boyfriend’s right now. His boyfriend has a roommate and I feel so bad for him.

Jung Hoseok (21:08): so you decided to complain to me

Min Yoongi (21:08): isn’t that what I always do?

Jung Hoseok (21:09): what do you have to complain about?

Min Yoongi (21:09): I’m bored

Jung Hoseok (21:09): Don’t you have to rehearse or something


Jung Hoseok (21:10): I remember ages~ ago you said you would return to your piano or your bed. Give them your love

Min Yoongi (21:10): do you want to get rid of me?

Jung Hoseok (21:10): No. I’ve told you many times I don’t regret that accidental text 

Min Yoongi (21:10): aw
Min Yoongi (21:10): my stage name is suga but you’re sweeter

Jung Hoseok (21:11): omg :’) how long did it take to think of that

Min Yoongi (21:11): a few seconds why aren’t you swooning

Jung Hoseok (21:12): You need more than that to make me swoon

Min Yoongi (21:13): oh sorry I’ll start magically singing a stupid song that we both somehow know the lyrics to. Your carriage is ready, princess. Be back by midnight

Jung Hoseok (21:13): You’re improving

Both Taehyung and Jimin noticed Hoseok was smiling at his phone and blushing a little. They exchanged a look, as if they were thinking the same thing about what they’re saying. ’Yoongi is exactly the same right now, trust me,’ Jimin whispered.
He was right.
-
Hoseok had left early the next morning to work on an assignment with a classmate, so Taehyung and Jimin decided to invite Jungkook over and discuss things. Jungkook was frustrated because of them. While they were giggling like two teen girls with crushed, which he thought was partially true, they weren’t focusing on getting Hoseok and Yoongi together. He didn’t care much for matchmaking, but he wanted to see his friend happy. He had observed a thing or two, mostly Hoseok smiling at his phone. When he asked who he was talking to he either waved it off or simply ignored him. Now the guys he was supposed to cooperate with in order to make things actually work were too focused on each other.
‘Jungkookie, dont’t you have any ideas?’ Taehyung asked. Jungkook looked up, ‘Yes, I do actually.’ They looked at him surprised, ‘You do?’ He nodded, ‘but with the concert next week. I’m not sure you still want to hear it?’ Jimin shook his head. ‘We’re not even sure that will work out,’ he started, ’so if it doesn’t we still need a new plan. And if it does, well we want them so conveniently meet as much as possible.’ Taehyung nodded in agreement. Jungkook sighed.
‘Alright, so you live with Yoongi. Why doesn’t Tae just go over there when Yoongi’s home as well and then make sure Hoseok picks Taehyung up. For some reason. Something like that.’ He sounded awkward about his plan and couldn’t explain it properly. 
‘So what you’re saying is...Tae should come over to mine and at one point Hobi should pick him up at the apartment?’ Jimin asked carefully. Jungkook nodded. Taehyung looked like he was deep in thought. ‘That actually is not a bad idea,’ he said. Jungkook shrugged. It was a good idea, but it would really be too late for it now. ‘We’ll see. For now I just want to see how things go next week.’ ‘Actually, 4 days,’ Taehyung corrected him.
 ‘Now that we’ve established that, can we do something fun?’ Jimin asked. Taehyung got up, ‘I suggest Overwatch.’ The other two nodded excitedly and they went to set the game up. When Hoseok came home they were still playing.
-
‘Taehyung, can’t we have early access because of Jimin,’ Jungkook complained. Hoseok, Taehyung and Jungkook were standing in line for Yoongi’s concert. It was cold, it was drizzling and the line was getting pushy. ‘No, I’ve told you before we can’t,’ he responded. Jungkook just groaned in response. ‘I still can’t believe this is happening,’ Hoseok sighed. He still feels bad for not telling Yoongi he was coming to a concert. He knew Yoongi wouldn’t care much, he probably wouldn’t even notice him in the audience.
Still, at least Hoseok would see him. He had accepted his feelings for Yoongi, which he somehow obtained solely through texts and music videos. Was that even possible? Maybe it was all just platonic after all. For now he didn’t want to worry about that. He wanted to have a fun night with his friends despite the circumstances.
He was disturbed by Taehyung playfully punching him ‘lighten up! What are you thinking about?’ ‘I bet he’s thinking about a warm bed or some food,’ Jungkook said. Taehyung rolled his eyes. ‘Leave if you want.’
Jungkook shook his head and returned to blowing hot air into his cold hands.
-
Min Yoongi (20:22): why are you always late

Kim Namjoon (20:22): I’m on my way


Kim Namjoon (20:22); Jin’s with me btw

Min Yoongi  (20:23): of course he is
Min Yoongi (20:23): Jimin’s boyfriend just has to wait in line you know

Kim Namjoon (20:23): but has Jimin’s boyfriend ever cooked for you

Min Yoongi (20:23): Alright, fair. Hurry up though we want you here in 15 minutes max. Doors are opening at 20:45

Kim Namjoon (20:24): Got it, don’t worry hyung

Min Yoongi (20:24): just get here in time.
 
Min Yoongi (20:35): Hobi, piece of advice for you. Don’t rely on others to get shit done. Just do it yourself

Jung Hoseok (20:36): Who hurt you 

Min Yoongi (20:36): some crew members.
Min Yoongi (20:36): I know we always joke about me being an evil witch, but that would actually be so convenient  right now.

Jung Hoseok (20:37): Damn :/ Can I do something to cheer you up?

Min Yoongi (20:37): just talking to you for a little is enough. I’m so stressed can’t wait to release energy

Jung Hoseok (20:38): ah yes~ concert tonight right?

Min Yoongi (20:38): yes how did you know?

Jung Hoseok (20:38): I have two friends who are ridiculous fanboys so I’ve listened to your new stuff

Min Yoongi (20:39): and what do you think?

Jung Hoseok (20:39): My opinion hasn’t really changed. You are incredible. Your music is incredible. I am blown away. I cannot really express it through text

Min Yoongi (20:39): how would you express it if it wasn’t a text

Jung Hoseok (20:40): Hmm I would probably bounce and scream and maybe also hug you


Jung Hoseok (20:40): I tend to express myself through body language a lot. 


Jung Hoseok (20:41): You’re just really amazing

Min Yoongi (20:41): Thank you so much Hobi I don’t deserve these compliments

Jung Hoseok (20:42): You’ve worked really hard so shut up you do


Jung Hoseok (20:42): I have to go now. Serious Hobi Business. Good luck tonight! Bye~

Min Yoongi (20:43): Heh. Thanks, bye
 
The venue doors opened and the line started moving.



Chapter End Notes
I decided not to update yesterday because of MAMA. I will say one thing about that: I literally still haven't stopped crying. I couldn't be more astounded by their performance and I couldn't be more proud of Bangtan. I am also incredibly happy for everyone else who won, everyone deserves what they've worked hard for.  Anyway, this was a bridge/filler chapter. I hope you liked this, thank you for reading <3 (also pls keep in mind this is a slow burn)


Chapter 9
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




After a little while they were finally inside. They disposed of their jackets and entered the large venue. There weren’t many people yet, so they found a spot relatively close to the stage. Hoseok didn’t know why he was so fidgety and nervous. It could be anxiety, it could be energy of the concert or seeing Yoongi. Maybe it was something he hadn’t thought of.
The venue was packed not too long after they entered. It couldn’t be long until the concert started. Hoseok tapped on Taehyung’s shoulder. ‘How much time left?’ he asked. Taehyung looked at his watch and told him there were 10 minutes left.
Hoseok sighed. 10 minutes. He couldn’t keep himself calm. The buzzing energy around him made him both nervous and excited,. In addition to that he’d see Suga perform. He didn’t feel that was only because they were friends, but also because he genuinely thought he’s a talented artist.
The lights in the room dimmed and the noises of people around them died down. Everyone turned to look at the stage. Nothing happened for a solid minute. It was completely dark Hoseok couldn’t see a thing.
‘A to the G to the U to the STD.’
 The cheering of the audience erupted, but after that it was still silent and dark. Hoseok thought it was unfair to come up like that only to disappear after a second.
The sentence was repeated again and there was more cheering.
‘I’m D boy!’ still darkness. Hoseok became more excited. He could tell everyone around him was too.
Suddenly, an explosion of white lights. Hoseok was surprised and he had to blink a couple of times. He saw Suga walking on the stage, a dark figure surrounded by the brightness. The drums set in, then the rest of the music.
 ‘They call me new Thang!’
The audience exploded. Suga started performing Agust D. It was an energetic performance which Hoseok greatly enjoyed. He loved seeing Yoongi like this. His voice was incredible, his energy immeasurable and the effects were fantastic. Hoseok knew that, whether or not Yoongi would spot him. this would be a great night.
-
He had only performed three songs, but Suga could already feel the sweat trickling down the side of his face. The audience was excited, the sound was just right and he was filled with energy. ‘Everyone!’ he shouted into the microphone , ‘We’ve only just started!’ The audience started cheering again. He smiled in satisfaction.
Suga had some things up his sleeve. One was a performance of Cypher. It was actually Rap Monster’s song, but they always did them together. ‘So, this next one isn’t actually mine. I wish it was, but I’m only in this song originally because the owner has no friends,’ he laughed. ‘Anyway, give it up for Rap Monster!’ The audience cheered while his friend walked up next to him. ‘I’m offended,’ he said into the mic with a grin. Suga laughed, ‘Don’t pretend it isn’t true.’
They didn’t have the time for jokes as the music for Pt. 4 started playing. They immediately jumped up and Rap Monster started. He watched his friend jump around, filled with energy. Suga was moving along, waiting until he could start. He could feel his energy levels rise
Suga loved performing with him and he loved this song. This was one of the parts of the show he had most looked forward to and he couldn’t wait for the upcoming ones as well.
‘Ya playa haters you should love yourself!’ they ended in unison. They were both breathing heavily and Rap Monster threw his arm around Suga as the audience was wildly cheering. ‘Thank you everyone,’ he said before he walked off the stage. ‘Well, that was fast,’ he joked, ‘Didn’t even get the chance to say bye.’ He allowed the audience some more time to cheer before transitioning to the next song.
-
The music of Tony Montana started playing. It wasn’t Hoseok’s favourite, but he liked it. He knew this was a collab with someone, he wondered if that guy would perform too. He decided to just wait and see while enjoying the song.
The other guy, Jungkook told him it was ‘Yankie’,  still hasn’t showed up. Maybe Yoongi would do it by himself. The light’s suddenly changed and Yoongi started smiling, then yelled a name: Jimin
His first instinct wasn’t to look at them, but instead at Taehyung. His eyes were the widest he’d seen them be. His hand was covering his mouth and he was staring at the stage. He then turned to Hoseok. ‘That’s my boyfriend,’ was all he managed to say. So Taehyung didn’t know. Hoseok looked back at the stage, Jimin was still performing and he was actually good, despite initial awkwardness. His gaze shifted to Yoongi, who was smiling proudly at Jimin. They performed the rest of the song together.
‘Jimin, don’t leave yet. Come here for a minute,’ Yoongi said after the performance. Jimin walked towards him. Yoongi threw an arm around his shoulders, they were still smiling. ‘’This guy... I’ve been trying to make him do this for ages. He’s talented, but always waved off my offers because of some stupid excuse,’ he said teasingly. Jimin was covering his face with his hands, clearly shy. ’Give it up for Jimin one last time!’ He yelled. The audience started cheering loudly. Shortly after that, Jimin disappeared.
-
The lights on the stage dimmed. In the back, a piano was hauled on the stage.
‘Be careful with that!’ Yoongi scolded. The workers settled the piano at a proper place on the stage. Besides the lights being dimmed nothing changed on the stage. In a way that added something to the atmosphere.
Yoongi sat down in front of the piano and cleared his throat. ‘So, everyone’ he started, ‘this song is a lot slower than things I’ve previously performed. It’s a new one as well. Anyway I hope you like it. It’s called First Love. It’s not about romance in case you didn’t know that,’ he chuckled. He set his fingers on the keys and started playing. He felt different from when he performed the other songs. It was more tranquil, more peaceful. He played for a minute before he actually started the lyrics.
Hoseok knew this song and he absolutely loved it. Suga extended the piano at the start before he started rapping. His performance was passionate and sentimental, Hoseok loved it. Suga’s voice was raw. He unfortunately couldn’t see his expression.
The song ended. Suga was still sat down with his head bowed. He sat like that for some time while the audience was silent before getting up. The feeling of the familiar keys lingered on his fingers. He stood at the centre of the stage and looked through the crowd, observing as many people as he could.
Suga felt small, looking at all these people who came to see him made him feel a certain way. He was happy, he was proud. He wondered what his music meant to them. Did they all just think it sounded good? Did they relate? He wanted to know their meanings.
 His eyes drifted from the back of the stage to the front.
 He stopped.
His eyes met those of someone familiar. Why was he familiar?
His breath hitched and his eyes widened, he looked away.
It was Jung Hoseok.
A million questions immediately popped up in his head. Why was he here? Was that really him? Why hadn’t he told him? Was he enjoying the concert?
He didn’t need this right now. He didn’t want these thoughts and feelings. The music for a new song started playing, he needed to compose himself right now. He shook his head and breathed in and out. The music was loud in his ears and the audience was cheering again. Not now, not now. He must have imagined it, yes that must be it.
He focused on the performance, on the lyrics. Delivering a good performance. However, halfway through the song he looked in the same direction and there he was. Moving along to the song with the people around him.
-
Hoseok had made eye contact with him. He was no psychologist, but Yoongi’s reaction showed he knew. For some reason, that didn’t make him happy. Instead, he was panicking. The entire night had been enjoyable, but his anxiety was acting up. He had learned how to handle it on a stage, but being in the audience was different. There was more interaction and noise involved than when he’s onstage. He needed to leave. He looked for Taehyung, but he was nowhere to be seen. He panicked more. Had he lost him? He looked for Jungkook who was fortunately a little bit in front of him. Hoseok moved towards him and grabbed his arm.
‘I’m leaving. Right now. It’s anxiety,’ he shouted. He tried to be loud enough so his friend could hear him. Jungkook frowned. ‘I’m coming with you.’ Hoseok shook his head, but Jungkook grabbed his hand. ‘Where’s Tae?’ he asked. Hoseok told him he didn’t know. ‘Wait outside Hyung, I’ll go find him.’ Hoseok nodded.
He desperately pushed his way out of the crowd. He didn’t bother to grab his jacket. He made his way out of the building and finally stepped outside. The cold air hit his face and sent chills through his body. He started doing breathing exercises to calm himself down. The uncomfortable feeling of the bodies pushed against him lingered, the cheers of everyone were ringing in his ears. He closed his eyes and covered his ears to complete focus on breathing.
 After a few minutes he was more composed. His breaths were controlled and any suffocating feelings had lessened or disappeared. He stretched his arms to ease the muscle. A shiver went through him, now that he calm he noticed it was cold. Extremely cold. He texted Jungkook to tell him to grab his jacket .The two still weren’t here, he wondered how they were doing.
-
Jungkook was thankful for his years of dancing and his willowy figure, he could easily weave his way through the crowd to find his friend. After a few minutes of he concluded Taehyung wasn’t there. He felt bad for the people he had disturbed, but right now finding Taehyung was more important. How was it even possible to lose him?
He became worried. He wasn’t at the bar either. Jungkook wanted to go to Hoseok. He decided to look for him in one final place before leaving him behind to help his friend. He found his way towards the men’s toilets, but they were completely at a different part of the venue
Jungkook arrived and opened the door. He gasped. He didn’t quite know what to do with what he was seeing when he entered. He had found Taehyung, fortunately.
He found him with his lips on Jimin’s neck. As soon as they heard him Taehyung turned. His eyes widened and he managed to flush even more. Both boys were staring at each other in complete horror. Jimin was a mess as well, but unlike Taehyung he was grinning.
Jungkook blinked a few times. ‘Hyung... uh Hoseok is having problems with his anxiety. He’s outside. Come with me?’ He asked awkwardly. Taehyung just nodded at him. He waved goodbye to Jimin and followed Jungkook on their way out. ‘I’m sorry you had to see that, Kookie,’ Taehyung apologised. ‘I don’t want to talk about it honestly,’ he responded. Taehyung nodded.
They got their jacket’s and found Hoseok standing outside. They handed him his jacket which he quickly put on. ‘Hobi hyung, are you ok?’ Taehyung asked. Hoseok nodded, ‘let’s just go home. I’m so sorry.’ Jungkook shook his head, ‘Your well-being is the most important. There’s a bus in a few minutes we should be able to make that.’
-
It was the end of the night. Suga had one song left. He had decided that would be Far Away. He scanned the crowd, looking for Hoseok while performing the song because it was his favourite. However he didn’t find him. He was a little disappointed, but enjoyed performing the song anyway.
‘Everyone, thank you for coming. I’m grateful. I hope you enjoyed this as much as I did. May this night be a good memory. Thank you again,’ he announced and bowed.
He left the stage. He was greeted by Namjoon, Seokjin and Jimin who all cheered. ‘You were amazing!’ Jin told him. ‘That was a lot of fun,’ Namjoon complimented him. Jimin hugged him. Ýoongi thanked them all. He was handed a cloth to dry off his sweat and a bottle of water. He was still in a haze, he was buzzing with energy and he was happy. He stood up and called the staff around him. ‘Everyone, thank you for working hard! Goodbye!’ He announced. He turned to his friends. ‘I’m heading home, I’m exhausted.’ Namjoon nodded, ‘so will we. You put up an amazing show. See you in two days.’ They said their goodbye’s and left.
Yoongi and Jimin drove home in Yoongi’s car. ‘Hyung, something really awkward happened this night,’ Jimin said. ‘Tell me then,’ he responded. ‘So after Tony Montana I received a text from Tae to find him. So that’s what I did. He full on kissed me right there.’ Yoongi interrupted him, ‘Is this going where I think this is going? Don’t ruin my night.’ ‘Just listen. He complimented my performance and we ended up making out in the toilets, but his friend walked in,’ he said, a hand covering his face. Yoongi started laughing loudly. ‘He caught you! Oh my god you idiot!’ He needed to slow down the car because of his laughter. Jimin’s cheeks reddened, ‘I told you it was awkward! The poor boy I can’t look him in the eyes again.’
After Jimin’s story and Yoongi’s fit of laughter they spent the drive in silence and arrived home. Yoongi didn’t care about Hygiene, he was tired he wanted to sleep. So that’s what he did, he said goodnight to Jimin and exchanged a stage and mic for sheets and pillows.
-
Min Yoongi (09:12): Jung Hoseok
Min Yoongi (09:12): That was you wasn’t it
Min Yoongi (09:13): you were there yesterday

Jung Hoseok (09:15): yes

Min Yoongi (09:15): Explain yourself

Jung Hoseok (09:16): I can’t type this out can I just call you

Min Yoongi (09:16): call me?

Jung Hoseok (09:16): Yes

Min Yoongi (09:17): fine
The calling screen popped up and Yoongi answered. ‘I’m sorry.’ Was the first thing Hoseok said. ‘Just explain it calmly, please,’ he asked. He was trying not to be excited about hearing Hoseok’s voice, that was not appropriate. He heard Hoseok sigh. ‘Your roommate, Jimin. His boyfriend is my roommate, Kim Taehyung. I didn’t know this until they told me about 5 days ago,’ Hoseok explained.
Yoongi blinked, they what? He was confused. Jimin’s Tae is Hoseok’s roommate? They knew? Jimin didn’t tell him? He became angry. ‘Please don’t hang up and scold Jimin. Listen to me. They meant well. They’re aware of our friendship, so they wanted to make us meet. Except they’re idiots and decided your concert would be the best place to do that. They told me not to tell you. I’m sorry.’
Yoongi still couldn’t quite believe it. ‘Don’t apologise, you didn’t do anything wrong. I’m mad at Jimin.’ He was considering what to do. Then he remembered that Hoseok had disappeared at one point. ‘You were gone at the end, what happened?’ he asked. ‘Oh,’ Hoseok was silent ‘I- anxiety.’ Yoongi nodded, ‘Are you alright now?’
 ‘Yes! You’re not mad?’
 ‘No, just confused. I’m mad at Jimin and Taehyung ’ he heard Hoseok gasp. ‘Don’t be. They’re idiots, but they mean well. My friend Jungkook was also involved.’ Yoongi sighed, he couldn’t believe the coincidence.
‘Yoongi?’ ‘Yes?’ ‘Why haven’t we called each other before?’ Hoseok asked. Yoongi was surprised by his question. He was still trying not to freak out because he of his voice. ‘I don’t know, guess we didn’t think about it. Why?’ ‘It’s nice.’ Yoongi was surprised by his boldness.
‘I suppose we can talk on the phone more often?’ He offered. ‘That would be nice,’ Hoseok responded. ‘What are you going to do with this information?’ Yoongi thought about this. ‘I think I’m going to scold Jimin. I’m still a little angry.’ ‘You can’t hear it, but I’m nodding.’ Yoongi laughed at this. ‘Why did they even want us to meet?’
‘Wouldn’t you want to meet me then?’ he was sure Hoseok was grinning when he said that. He would really like that. ‘Hobi, I have an idea. Is Taehyung awake?’
 ‘No.’
‘How about we meet, but without telling them?’
 ‘You’re a genius.’ Yoongi grinned, ‘I know. Then we’ll talk about it later?’
‘Do you want to hang up?’ Hoseok asked him. ‘’No, not at all’
'If we're going to keep talking, why don't you tell me what you thought about my performance before you left?' He offered. Yoongi was curious, he wouldn't deny that. Constructive criticism or praise were always welcome. 'You sucked,' Hoseok deadpanned. 'Excuse me?' He hated how clearly offended it was. Hoseok started laughing. It was a wonderful sound, but Yoongi was still hurt. 'Hyung, you were incredible. I'm sad I couldn't see it until the end,' he explained while still laughing a little. 'Yes, I wouldn't want anyone to miss out on it.' 'Oh! I hear Tae is awake, I have to hang up. Wouldn't want him to know, bye!' 'Bye Hobi'

Jung hoseok (09:27): We said bye but we can just talk on here
Min Yoongi (09:27): true
Min Yoongi (09:27): I forgot to tell you what Jiminie told me yesterday
Jung Hoseok (09:28): tell me~~
Min Yoongi (09:28): so after Tony Montana they, Jimin and Taehyung, met up somewhere.
Jung Hoseok (09:28): yeah that's could be right he was gone when I left Jungkookie had to look for him
Min Yoongi (09:29): they were making out when your friend walked in on them
Jung Hoseok (09:29): They what
Jung Hoseok (09:29): Jimin isn't entering this house again
Min Yoongi (09:30): Gross hormonal teens
Jung Hoseok (09:30): that does explain why his collar was high up
Min Yoongi (09:30): oh my god
Min Yoongi (09:30): I cannot believe they did that when they could listen to me
Jung Hoseok (09:31): guess you weren't interesting enough
Min Yoongi (09:31): is that so?
Jung Hoseok (09:31): No, I enjoyed it
Jung Hoseok (09:32): but to them some other things were more interesting
Min Yoongi (09:32): Shut up you're making me think about things I don't want to think about
Jung Hoseok (09:33): Let’s change the subject. When do you want to meet? What do you want to do?
Min Yoongi (09:33): Starting tomorrow I have concerts for four days straight. I won’t even be in Seoul. So after that?

Jung Hoseok (09:33): How about Saturday next week then? We’ve got plenty of time. And what do you want to do?

Min Yoongi (09:33): Well we can’t really visit each other’s places. I suggest we just go out to get coffee or something. I know a nice café with great drinks and food, suppose we could go there

Jung Hoseok (09:34): Ok then that’s settled. Now if you’d excuse me, I have a whining child to feed.

Min Yoongi(09:34): Mine is still asleep and he can feed himself. Good luck, bye hobi
-
The following days they barely spoke. Yoongi only showed him pictures of the cities and venues he visited, but Hoseok was happy with that. He knew Yoongi was busy, at least he took the time to show him what he saw. It wasn’t like last time, when they went literal weeks without talking. Yoongi’s absence gave Hoseok more time to think too.
About his feelings, mostly.  Where he wanted to go with this. Accepting that it probably wasn’t mutual wasn’t as hard as he expected. Liking him in general would be the death of him. When Hoseok ever did or felt something, he did it with passion. He didn’t know if he would survive actually meeting Yoongi. The two of them had agreed they would not tell Taehyung and Jimin they knew. When Tae had asked him if he admitted everything to Yoongi, Hoseok had lied and told him he didn’t want to ruin anything. He was glad Taehyung believed him. The past few days have therefore been very quiet. Jimin wasn’t around either because he was with Yoongi.
Jungkook had jokingly told him they could have some ‘bro time’ and just spend the night eating snacks and playing games. Hoseok had almost declined, because his dance performance was nearing and he therefore needed to stay in shape and practice more. However, one night would not hurt. So that’s what they did. Taehyung and Hoseok hoarded snacks and Jungkook brought as much co-op games as possible and the spend an entire night doing just what Jungkook had suggested. It was a good way to unwind and get their minds off what had happened and what was to come.
-
Hoseok was already seated at the café where they had agreed to meet. Yoongi wasn't there yet, so this gave him time to compose himself and think a little.
He was actually meeting Yoongi, the man he had accidentally texted. The man he somehow then became friends with. Their lives were... Strangely connected because of their friends. It was still weird to him. Now they were getting some coffee together. Hoseok knew it wasn't true, but he couldn't help but think it was kind of like a date.
 He looked out the window to see if he was already coming or not. Indeed, a figure entered the café. He was wearing a black scarf wrapped around his face so you couldn't see his mouth and nose, a large, black coat that seemed too big on him and a black cap. Hoseok almost didn't recognise him. Yoongi looked around and spotted Hoseok, he then walked towards him and sat down. 'Hello,' Hoseok greeted. 'It's cold as fuck,' Yoongi said while taking of his scarf. Hoseok frowned. It was, but looking at Yoongi's clothes he would've thought Yoongi wasn't much affected by it.
Hoseok was always warm, even if he felt cold. He remembered at school people would hold his hands for warmth. This gave him an idea. He saw Yoongi was in the process of taking off his coat. 'Give me your hands,' he demanded. Yoongi frowned, but obeyed. Hoseok brought Yoongi's hands together and wrapped his own around them. Yoongi's hands were smaller than his, he would remember that. 'Your hands are warm,' he mumbled. Hoseok smiled and nodded. 'Yours are really cold, this'll probably warm them.' No response from Yoongi, he was staring at their hands.
Hoseok observed him. His cheeks were slightly pink because of the cold, his lips were chapped, his black hair was a mess and his hands were soft. Yoongi's eyes were still fixed on their hands. Yoongi looked pretty liked this. Suddenly he looked up and their eyes met. 'You were staring at me,' he stated. 'Wh-what? No! I.. I wasnt!' Hoseok stuttered. Yoongi shrugged, but didn't pull back his hands. 'Hobi, hand me that card please. I want to know what they serve,' he requested. Hoseok obeyed. He was sad they had to let go. Yoongi's eyes scanned the card. After a few seconds he nodded and put it away. 'I'm ready to order. Can you hold my hands again?' He pushed his hands forward. Hoseok did as he was asked. He called over a waitress.
 'I'll just have a latte machiatto and a large chocolate chip cookie,' he said. Then he looked at Yoongi, curiously awaiting his order. 'I'll have the Dark Chocolate Dream coffee. Could you put some extra milk in it? I'd also like the Oreo-Mint cheesecake, please.' The waitress noted all this. As soon as she left Hoseok started laughing. 'What kind of order is that? I never expected you to order a coffee with whipped cream and chocolate as well as a cake!' 'I love sweet things. Not going to miss the opportunity,' he responded. Hoseok just grinned. Yoongi had a sweet tooth. 'Besides, if I didn't like sweet things I wouldn't be here,' he added. Hoseok didn't know what he meant by that, so he just laughed.

They chatted for a little before their order arrived. They talked about how stupid their friends where and how they experienced the two getting together. 'Jimin was a mess after he returned from that park, believe me. He was gushing about him. I actually texted you about that.'
 'Can you believe Tae didn't even tell me. I literally didn't know! He kept it a secret for ages. How did you not recognise him, though?' Hoseok questioned. Yoongi sighed. He could lie, but he didn't want to. 'Firstly, you never said 'Taehyung' you always said 'My roommate'. As for not recognising him, I wasn't interested in your friend's twitter accounts or their faces on your pictures so I didn't pay attention,' he explained. Hoseok nodded, it seemed valid. He didn't care that much.

Their order arrived. Yoongi looked hungrily at the cake in front of him. He rarely allowed to indulge himself like this, but he was here and he was with Hoseok so he didn't care. At little more wouldn't hurt. He looked at Hoseok. He knew he was staring at him earlier. He had felt his eyes on him and he literally caught him. Yoongi decided to pay him back. Hoseok was focused on his drink anyway. It was the first time Yoongi could properly look at him. Hoseok eyes were shut and he was blowing steam off his drink. His hands were covered by the long sleeves of his jumper. The colours suited him well, it was black with silver swirls around the edges. His gaze drifted to Hoseok's face. He couldn't quite believe it was possible, but he looked better than he did on pictures. He was tan and his hair framed his face nicely.
'Your coffee is going to get cold, you know.' Yoongi was startled. Hoseok was looking up at him with a grin. Yoongi could feel his cheeks flush. 'Now you were staring!' 'So you admit you were as well?' He shot back. Hoseok just laughed again. Yoongi groaned. He started sipping his coffee, the chocolate sensation combined with the bitter taste of coffee and sweet whipped cream was his favourite. It was good coffee. He took a bite of his cake and hummed. It was perfect. 'You seem to enjoy that,' Hoseok observed with a smile. 'It's perfect. Have a bite,' he said and scooped up a piece with his fork. He moved the fork towards Hoseok. 'Are you going to feed me?' 'Yes, you're a child. Open your mouth before I change my mind.' Hoseok raised an eyebrow, but did as he was asked anyway. He made a noise similar to the one Yoongi made. 'That is delicious,' he exclaimed. 'Told you so.' 'Can I have one more bite?' Yoongi pretended to think and eventually fed him another.

'Hyung I have to ask. I've actually thought about meeting you multiple times. Have you, too?' Hoseok inquired. He was too curious. Yoongi nodded. He drank the last bit of his drink, it didn't seem like he was going to elaborate. 'I wonder why we never talked about it,' Hoseok pushed the conversation. 'I suppose we were too busy with other things. Who cares, we're here now,' He replied. Hoseok nodded at this, he was curious about Yoongi's thoughts.
 He looked up at him and noticed there was some whipped cream above Yoongi's bottom lip. He started laughing. Yoongi looked startled. 'What's wrong? Why are you laughing?' He asked. Hoseok just pointed at him while still laughing. 'Me? What did I do? Hobi?' Yoongi could feel his cheeks redden and was a little nervous. 'Your santa beard has started to grow. There's cream on your face,' he explained while still laughing.
 Yoongi's hand shot up and covered his mouth. He quickly wiped it off with his hand. 'Why'd you do that? It looked cute,' he teased. 'It's embarrassing,' he responded. 'But feeding me in a public place isn't?' Hoseok shot back. Yoongi stammered, no proper words came out. 'Whatever' is what he settled on. 'Can't believe I just made tough skilled rapper Suga flustered,' he teased. Yoongi ignored him. Instead he ate what was left of the cheesecake.
Hoseok pouted, he wanted the last piece. Yoongi noticed his pout and raised an eyebrow at him. 'I wanted another bite,' he said. Yoongi swallowed before responding, 'If you kiss me now you can still taste it.' Hoseok's cheeks turned completely red and he covered his mouth with his hand to try and stop himself from making any noise. Yoongi started laughing, 'Who's flustered now?' 'You can't just ask someone that!' He protested. 'You asked for it,’ he replied. Hoseok crossed his arms and he was still slightly red.
‘I think it’s time we leave,’ Yoongi said. ‘Oh? Together or separately?’ He responded. Yoongi shrugged, ‘I don’t care. I’ve got nowhere else to go, but we’re done here. Suppose I’ll pay.’  Hoseok wanted to protest and pay for his own, but decided not to as Yoongi already pulled out his wallet. He didn’t seem to care so he didn’t want to spark a discussion.
‘So, where do you want to go?’ Hoseok asked him. Yoongi actually didn’t know. He considered just strolling without any particular destination. So that’s what he told Hoseok. He agreed to this and they left together. They walked for a while in silence.
 ‘You know what I love about this city,’ Hoseok started. Yoongi looked at him with raised eyebrows, he didn’t expect him to start talking. ‘It’s adaptable and alive. It’s big and packed here, but it adapts to the needs of everyone. It adapts to time and destination. It has everything,’ he explained. He looked up and sighed happily. Yoongi hadn’t looked away, ‘I guess I’m not sentimental about cities.’
Hoseok turned his head and their eyes met. ‘Is there anything you’re sentimental about then?’ Hoseok questioned. Yoongi looked away. Thinking about it, there were. He was sentimental about music, he cared a lot about his friends. It was mostly music though, First Love was even about that for crying out loud. ‘Of course not, you told me yourself I should be a Disney villain,’ he joked. Hoseok laughed at this, ‘I forgot about that for a minute!’
Hoseok’s phone buzzed. He looked, ‘Oh? Taehyung needs me? Hang on, I’m going to call him.’ Yoongi nodded.
‘Tae, what’s wrong? ...You what? How on earth?’
Yoongi frowned, what had happened?
‘Ok, I’ll be there in a few minutes. Don’t touch anything until I’m there.’ He hung up and sighed. Yoongi raised an eyebrow at him. ‘Don’t even ask me, this kid is an idiot. He bumps against everything and this time his arm against the cupboard breaking the hinges.’ Yoongi laughed, ‘I have a friend who destroys everything, I’ve had to repair so many hinges in my lifetime because he broke them. I suppose you have to go?’ Hoseok nodded, ‘Yes, sorry. I’ll text you later. This... I had a good time, thank you.’ ‘You’re welcome,’ he replied. Hoseok laughed at this.
When Hoseok left he didn’t see a reason to remain outside so he returned home. Once home, he could release all his emotions he felt that day. He fell down on the couch and pressed a pillow in his face so he didn’t scream. Meeting Hoseok... Hoseok in general. It had been amazing, he greatly enjoyed Hoseok’s company. He was so charismatic, so funny and so nice as well as literally the most handsome person he had ever met. Yoongi was naturally reserved and not very active, but with Hoseok it was like his... whatever it was, was contagious. A human sun, except he couldn’t look away. Yoongi concluded this would be the death of him.
 
Hoseok arrived home and was immediately greeted by a guilty looking Taehyung. ‘I’m sorry, Hyung. Come take a look at it.’ Hoseok followed him. When Taehyung showed him he laughed. ‘Is this what I had to rush home for?’ He asked. It was only slightly bend, nothing terrible. Taehyung pouted. ‘Just be careful when opening and closing it, I’ll fix it soon,’ he assured him. ‘Where were you today, anyway?’ Taehyung questioned. Hoseok repressed a smile, ‘Dance meeting.’ A lie, but for a good cause.

Jung Hoseok (14:36) : It wasn’t even unhinged, it was slightly bend. Why is he so dramatic

Min Yoongi (14:36): You’re saying that as if you aren’t

Jung Hoseok (14:36): Did you know he’s going on a date with Jimin tomorrow


Jung Hoseok (14:37): kind of wanna spy on them, you know with those news papers with holes in them and terrible camouflage clothing

Min Yoongi (14:37): Can’t believe you’re the one complaining about him being dramatic
Min Yoongi (14:37): anyway yes I know. Dinner, right?

Jung Hoseok (14:38): Yep. I’m gonna have to eat alone while he’s at some fancy restaurant

Min Yoongi (14:38): What makes you think it’s going to be fancy. Jimin hates bringing attention to himself when he’s not working

Jung Hoseok (14:38): Because they’re sappy and Jimin has his modelling money so he’s going to treat him definitely

Min Yoongi (14:39): We’ll probably hear it from both of them

Jung Hoseok (14:39): very true. Ever since the secret is out all I hear is ‘Jimin’. I bet his uni work is suffering

Min Yoongi (14:41): You’ve never told me what you study, can I ask now.
Min Yoongi (14:41): sorry that’s a jump just popped up in my head

Jung Hoseok (14:42): I haven’t? Ah~ I study architecture

Min Yoongi (14:42): Holy shit really

Jung Hoseok (14:42): Does that surprise you?

Min Yoongi (14:43): Don’t misunderstand me, but yes. 1) that’s fucking difficult and 2) I imagined it’d be something like dance or something more social or artistic, never architecture

Jung Hoseok (14:43): Architecture is very artistic! And hard too. Recently it’s been calm though. 

Min Yoongi (14:44): Interesting to know.                

Jung Hoseok (14:44): Did you do anything before your success as a musician?

Min Yoongi (14:44): no

Jung Hoseok (14:44): no? 

Min Yoongi (14:45): I’ll tell you do the story some other time
Min Yoongi (14:45): then is Seokjin an architecture student too?

Jung Hoseok (14:45): nah every semester we get to follow an extra course. We both picked philosophy 

Min Yoongi (14:45): Philosophy? And how was that?

Jung Hoseok (14:46) : Don’t ever do it, there are no big revelations you just feel depressed and confused afterwards. L’enfer c’est les autres? No, l’enfer was that class

Min Yoongi (14:46): is that French? I don’t understand what you said, but it looks like French

Jung Hoseok (14:46): yep, Sartre. It means ‘Hell is other people’ 

Min Yoongi (14:47): he must have been a happy person

Jung Hoseok (14:47): Haha right? Sunshine itself


Jung Hoseok (14:47): I would love to continue complaining about philosophers, but I have to go work on an assignment

Min Yoongi (14:47): Bye hobi
 
Min Yoongi (15:40): Namjoon let’s hypothetically say I need your help

Kim Namjoon (15:43): then I’d hypothetically help you

Min Yoongi (15:44): How do I hypothetically ask someone out

Kim Namjoon (15:44): Yoongi are you serious?

Min Yoongi (15:44): Hypothetically
Min Yoongi (15:44): Who am I kidding. I am so completely fucked. I really like someone.

Kim Namjoon (15:45): I’d ask you, but I think you’d rather have advice instead of questions. I’ll hand the phone to Jin Hyung, he’s better at this ok?

Min Yoongi (15:45): alright fine

Kim Namjoon (15:46): It’s Jin~ I’ve heard you need the master’s help


Kim Namjoon (15:46): Firstly, confidence. You need confidence in your own abilities to charm someone and you need the guts to ask someone out and to do so properly


Kim Namjoon (15:47): Make sure the person is comfortable when you’re asking them, you don’t want them to feel intimidated/scared before or during. 


Kim Namjoon (15:49): You need to know your own and their style. Some people like asking/being asked through text. Others like it just casually like ‘Hey wanna go on a date?’. But then there are the people who like extravagant full on á la Disney with roses and grand gestures. So really stay within your own and their comfort zone. 

Min Yoongi (15:50): I can’t believe the person I like just happens to know every single Disney song by heart.

Kim Namjoon (15:50): ah~ but that doesn’t mean they want you to deliver their glass slipper or burst out singing. If they really like you back they will probably don’t mind how exactly you ask, as long as it’s pleasant.

Min Yoongi (15:51) : Alright, that was helpful. Thanks Jin hyung

Kim Namjoon (15:51): No problem :*


Kim Namjoon (15:52): Back. Can I ask now?

Min Yoongi (15:52): I don’t see why I should tell you

Kim Namjoon (15:53): Because we’re friends and you asked for my help

Min Yoongi (15:53): You didn’t tell me you had a boyfriend for weeks so I don’t have to explain

Kim Namjoon (15:54): always so passive aggressive

Min Yoongi (15:55): I’ll tell you when there are results.Don’t start investigating behind my back, I will get my chance.



Chapter End Notes
this took me ages to write yet it sucks and it's short. Anyway, it's all happening. This went from 8 chapters without anything to BAM suddenly everything. I'm kind of scared it's too rushed and this sucks, but it needed to be out in the open so I can move on to the next. I'm still unfamiliar with writing and my god this chapter was difficult to write. I might completely rewrite it if I get constructive criticism, but I doubt I'll get that lmao. Despite everything, I hope you liked this (if you didn't, tell me why please) Thank you so much for reading!


Chapter 10
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Jung Hoseok (11:45): I have not stopped playing Sun I'm telling you
Min Yoongi (11:47): Sun?
Jung Hoseok (11:47): Pokémon Sun! You know, the game?
Min Yoongi (11:48): Uhh...
Jung Hoseok (11:48): WHAT
Jung Hoseok (11:48): You don't know it?!?!
Min Yoongi (11:48): I do know Pokémon! 'sun' is just not familiar
Jung Hoseok (11:48): What's your address I'm coming over and we're gonna play this. I have moon as well i'm bringing it
Min Yoongi (11:49): ? Alright.
Jung Hoseok (11:49): Is Jimin home?
Min Yoongi (11:49): No he has some christmas shoot won't be home until 3
Jung Hoseok (11:49): perfect. I'll be there in a few

'So now you have to choose your starter,' Hoseok explained. Yoongi was staring at the small screen in confusion. 'Can you elaborate?' He asked. It had been years since he played a Pokémon game and he really didn’t know what to do with the creatures portrayed on the screen.
Hoseok perked up, ‘Alright! So, Rowlet is basically a grass owl. It's very adorable, but a good choice. I picked that one in Sun. Then we have Popplio, everyone hated it until it's beautiful final evolution. They’re all undeserving of its beauty if you ask me, it was great from the start. Lastly, Litten. It's the other way around. Everyone loved it until they speculated it would become fire fighting. They weren’t right, they're undeserving of its love,' Hoseok explained passionately.
Yoongi was paying more attention to him than to what he was explaining. Earlier he had almost told him Sun suited him because he resembled it. However he thought that'd be weird, so he didn't. 'So, which one?' Hoseok suddenly asked. 'I don’t know, which one do you think I should pick?'
Yoongi wasn't paying attention, so he figured asking that would work out. 'If you don't mind, Litten. It looks grumpy and dark, but it's also actually cute. Besides, I think fire and dark suit you best. If you were a Pokémon, you'd probably be a fire dark type,' he explained with a smile. Yoongi raised an eyebrow at him, 'Really?'
 'Yes! Not to be weird, it just suits you.'
Yoongi shrugged 'Alright, fire cat it is.'
Hoseok had concluded that watching Yoongi play Pokémon was the most amusing thing in the world. Yoongi was very immersed and very focused on the game, often murmuring remarks and commands or suddenly moving because a battle didn’t go as planned. ‘What the fuck is that,’ Yoongi suddenly cursed. Hoseok leaned in to look at the screen. He burst out laughing when he saw, ‘That, my friend, is an Alolan Dugtrio.’ Yoongi frowned at this, ‘Why the hair? This is ridiculous.’ Despite that, he continued playing with great focus.
‘By the way, Hobi. When you said I’m those types, what would your types be then?’ He suddenly asked. Hoseok was startled by the sudden question, he was concentrating on watching Yoongi play. ‘Oh! Well, me and Tae have thought about that a lot,’ he started, ‘We have concluded that I would be a Psychic Grass type.’
 ‘Are you telling me you two actually sat down and discussed this?’ Yoongi asked in disbelief. Hoseok shrugged. ‘Yes, it’s dedication.’ Yoongi laughed, ‘Can’t believe you’re such a nerd.’ Hoseok gasped and feigned offense, ‘Give me my DS and my game, I’m leaving.’ Yoongi started laughing
‘Besides, how dare you accuse me of being a nerd! I saw how dedicated you are to your Litten, don’t deny it’ Hoseok teased. ‘Don’t you dare bring Holly the Second into this,’ Yoongi replied. Hoseok stared at him, ‘Did you really name the damn cat Holly the Second?’ Yoongi just nodded. Hoseok threw his arms up and sighed dramatically, ‘Min Yoongi named a Pokémon after his dog! Tough rapper Suga! I can’t believe this!’ Yoongi started laughing at what Hoseok was doing.
Hoseok suddenly lowered his arms and his expression changed. ‘Hyung, what time is it?’ Yoongi looked at his watch and his eyes widened, ‘It’s 2:30 pm. You have to leave, Jimin could be here at any moment.’ Hoseok nodded, his expression showed disappointment. ‘’Guess I’ll leave then, hand me my stuff please.’ Yoongi obeyed, he shut down the game and handed him the device. ‘Do you want to borrow a hat? You might need to cover your face,’ he suggested. Hoseok nodded, ‘That’d be nice, thanks.’
Hoseok had gathered his stuff and he was standing at the door, ready to leave. ‘Bye, hobi.’ Hoseok raised an eyebrow, ‘What? Can’t I hug you?’
 ‘What?’
 Hoseok opened his arms, ‘I’m telling you, you don’t want to miss out on a premium Hobi hug.’ Yoongi hesitatingly walked towards him, but eventually allowed Hoseok to wrap his arms around him. It wasn’t awkward, it was comfortable. Yoongi noted that besides being warm, he smells nice. They let go and exchanged goodbyes.
A few minutes later Jimin came home and asked him what he had been up to while he was gone. Yoongi told him he didn’t do much and inquired about the shoot. ‘It was terrible. Next time I’m modelling for pyjama’s, these clothes were tight and uncomfortable. And that for a Christmas line! How about they make aesthetically pleasing expensive Christmas sweaters! I’m tired of the ugly ones, but at least they’re comfortable!’ Jimin complained. Yoongi grinned, ‘What do these clothes look like then?’ ‘Like someone stole the clothes from a sex dungeon and threw some red glitter over them,’ he explained. Yoongi started laughing loudly, ‘can’t wait to see them.’
Min Yoongi (15:01): Jimin just came home and his description of the clothes he had to model was hilarious

Jung Hoseok (15:01): Tell me

Min Yoongi (15:02): ‘Like someone stole clothes from a sex dungeon and threw some red glitter over them’

Jung Hoseok (15:02): OMG :’D


Jung Hoseok (15:03): Poor him ;-; I bet Tae’s gonna enjoy looking at those pictures

Min Yoongi (15:04): Not just Tae, lots of people will.

Jung Hoseok (15:04): Will you?

Min Yoongi (15:04): No, I’m immune and therefore unaffected by his face

Jung Hoseok (15:05): So, still a witch, still not beguiled by anything

Min Yoongi (15:05): I’m too good at keeping secrets. Why do you care anyway? I’m not asking you about it

Jung Hoseok (15:06): you don’t even want to know

Min Yoongi (15:06): I bet handsome rappers from Daegu make you weak at the knees

Jung Hoseok (15:06): *gasp* how did you guess

Min Yoongi (15:06): Genius

Jung Hoseok (15:07): Your genius failed you this time, you’ll never find out.

Min Yoongi (15:07): I literally do not want to, keep it to yourself.
Min Yoongi (15:07): when can I play Pokémon again

Jung Hoseok (15:08): So you did have fun~ when we have time! 

Min Yoongi (15:08): Hmm ok fine.
‘Hyung, who’re you talking to?’ Jimin suddenly asked. ‘Me? Oh, Hoseok.’ Jimin raised an eyebrow, ‘Really? How has he been recently? And your friendship?’ Yoongi pretended to be confused by his questions, ‘He’s been fine and just like always, why?’
 Jimin shrugged, ‘just ‘cause. Tae is coming over tomorrow, by the way.’
‘I won’t be home so you two can do whatever you want.’ He winked. Jimin rolled his eyes, ‘If you must know, we’re going to bake.’ ‘May our kitchen rest in peace,’ he replied.
Jimin was a little annoyed by Yoongi’s indifference and teasing. ‘So, when are you going to tell Hoseok you like him?’ Yoongi shot up, ‘Excuse me?’ Jimin grinned, he had the response he wanted ‘You heard me.’
Yoongi crossed his arms and his expression changed from bored to indignant, ‘I have no idea what you’re talking about.’ ‘Sure,’ Jimin taunted. ‘Do you still want dinner tonight? Because if you don’t stop you’re gonna have to starve,’ Yoongi deadpanned. Jimin just laughed and disappeared into his room.
Yoongi cursed himself, was he really that obvious?
-

Jung Hoseok (09:25): heyo hyung


Jung Hoseok (09:25): I have an upcoming performance and combined with uni I’m basically going to be sUPER BUSY and stressed so your daily dose of hobi is bound to reduce I’m sorry

Min Yoongi (09:25): What a shame

Jung Hoseok (09:26): I know it’s truly tragic


Jung Hoseok (09:26): Until we meet again~

Min Yoongi (09:26): Goodbye
His response may have been quite emotionless, but he was actually cursing this. He had been considering ways to ask Hoseok out. The first part of this plan was actually figuring out if there was a possibility his feelings were mutual. He had some proof, like Hoseok’s blushing when they met and his flirty and affectionate remarks.
He had however seen how he was close friends, so he couldn’t be sure. He considered actually just using Google to see if there were answers, but he wasn’t that desperate. Besides, he remembered Hoseok had told him he liked someone. That person might very well be Yoongi himself. He hated uncertainty, but he remained cautious.
The second part of his plan consisted of actually finding a time and place as well as how he was going to ask him out. Now that Hoseok was busy, the time and place would have to wait. He didn’t want Hoseok to slip away from him, but he doubted that would happen. As for how, Yoongi wasn’t one to be eccentric, he preferred subtlety and comfort. Hoseok was more eccentric, that was clear.
 However, Yoongi knew him well enough to know that he too preferred comfort and safety instead of something wild. For now he had settled on casually meeting up with Hoseok and then asking him. That was the best approach for now, unless a different opportunity showed.
Now that his tour was over, his new music was out in the wild and nothing scheduled he decided to do something for himself. He felt guilty about abandoning and neglecting his piano for so long. Therefore he had decided that disappearing into his studio with it and playing until his fingers hurt and his mind was at peace was the best idea. He grabbed his jacket and left the apartment.
-
Hoseok was nervous. Only slightly, though. The good kind, the one that drives you to do things instead of the one that paralyses you. He was waiting for Jungkook to go to dance practice together. The performance was in a little over a week. Hoseok already knew the choreography to the songs. Of course he did,  he spent hours practicing and perfecting it. Besides constructing it, he always wanted to be the one to know them first. Not because he was arrogant, but because he wanted to be able to support the others in case they were struggling. Still, he was nervous. Performances did that to him.
 He saw Jungkook on the other side of the road and waved. He spotted his wave and he ran towards him. ‘Hello, ready to go?’ Hoseok asked. Jungkook nodded and smiled, ‘are you?’ ‘When aren’t I?’
 
‘Jackson, lift up your arm a little higher and position your feet differently. Like this,’ Hoseok showed him the pose. Jackson nodded and copied him. ‘That’s more like it, now with music.’ He turned it on and they started dancing, Hoseok could watch him in the mirror to see if he did it right this time. He smiled when he saw Jackson was. They were assessing what he still had to improve when someone interrupted. ‘Hope hyung, can you help me out for a minute?’
 ‘Sure Hoshi. I suppose you can figure this out on your own, Jackson?’ He nodded, so Hoseok got up and followed the other boy. ‘The transition from the hands to twisting and then the body roll is difficult. I find it difficult to do them elaborately, I can’t get it right,’ he confessed. ‘Alright, first show me how you do it. Without music,’ He demanded. Hoshi nodded and started.
 Hoseok quickly  saw what exactly he was struggling with. It wasn’t necessarily wrong, but his pacing wasn’t right. ‘here, let me show you. You’re moving too fast, let’s slowly pace it and then speed it up. Ok?’ Hoseok proposed. Hoshi nodded and they got into position, first slowly repeating the choreography. Once Hoseok noticed he controlled it, so they sped up and eventually added music to it.
‘You got it!’ He exclaimed happily. Hoshi smiled, ‘I think I do, thanks Hobi Hyung.’ ‘Try practicing it a couple more times, but I don’t think you need me anymore,’ he suggested. Hoshi gave him a thumbs up.
Hoseok looked around, he saw Jungkook was with Taemin, they were both in perfect sync and judging from their expressions they were extremely focused. He noticed everyone was doing their thing, he didn’t need to help anyone. So, he decided to do something by himself.
He retreated to a corner, but left enough space to properly move around. He attached his phone to the work out band and plugged in his earphones. The song by Suga the eight of them had decided on doing was Give it to me. Hoseok and Sehun were the ones who constructed the choreography with the help of Jungkook and Kino. He must admit that he was quite proud of it. It proved to be harder than he expected, but the result was amazing.
He turned the song and let the music flow through him. It felt like everything was going automatically, as if his body naturally responded to the music. It was tiring, but liberating. He closed his eyes, this is something he always did automatically. He shouldn’t, he was supposed to watch and see if he was making any mistakes. It contained a lot of arm movements and jumps, as opposed to the two other dances they planned on performing.
Final jump and turn and the song ended. Hoseok raised his head and opened his eyes, breathing in. He wasn’t tired, he just needed to catch his breath. ‘You completely nailed this, Hobi,’ he heard a voice behind him. He turned and saw Taemin smile at him. ‘Thanks, Hyung. I tried hard on this,’ Hoseok responded. Taemin patted him on the back. ‘You can clearly see that.’ He then turned around to face the other men in the room. ‘Everyone, good work. See you tomorrow, we’re going to do more group practice.’ Multiple sounds of acknowledgement erupted in the room. This changed to conversations sparking and people exchanging goodbye’s. Hoseok and Jungkook always left together, today was no different. They always talked about the practice, assessed their productivity and joked a little.
‘Hyung, this is kind of a strange question. It’s about Suga,’ he suddenly spoke him. Hoseok could feel his throat tighten, he didn’t know what this about. Besides, Jungkook always knew how to persuade him. He didn’t know whether it was his sweet voice or his innocent aura, but it always worked. ‘Ask ahead.’
‘Do you like him?’
Hoseok choked, ’What? Like him?’ Jungkook nodded, ‘I don’t want to be too curious, but you’ve been acting different.’ Hoseok sighed. He cursed himself for always expressing everything strongly even when he wasn’t aware of it. ‘Right. I do,’ he confessed, ‘If you tell anyone I will hunt you down. I don’t care about how muscled you are, you’ll be dead.’ He couldn’t help but saying this without smiling a little. Jungkook laughed, ‘I won’t. They’re both idiots. Thanks for trusting me, hyung.’
-

Kim Seokjin (16:38): Hobi!


Jung Hoseok (16:39): yes?

Kim Seokjin (16:39): So I know I was supposed to come to your performance.

Kim Seokjin (16:39): but something has come in between and I won’t be able to watch 


Kim Seokjin (16:40): I’m sorry I’m a terrible friend


Jung Hoseok (16:41): It’s fine!


Kim Seokjin (16:41): It is? Thank you


Jung Hoseok (16:42): yes, if you’re busy then I won’t be mad


Kim Seokjin(16:42): Will Taehyung take pics and film? I do want to see some of it of course


Jung Hoseok (16:43): Of course~


Jung Hoseok (16:43): Where will you be, though?


Kim Seokjin (16:44): Ah I’m going on a trip with someone important


Jung Hoseok (16:44): oh~ your girlfriend?


Kim Seokjin (16:44): something like that


Jung Hoseok (16:45); Have fun! And thank you for informing me


Kim Seokjin (16:45): Well I’m not a terrible friend am I?


Jung Hoseok (16:46): I remember a time not too long ago you forgot to send me your philosophy notes because you were too preoccupied with playing online games


Kim Seokjin (16:46): that was one time!


Jung Hoseok (16:46): Hmm~ Gotta go now, uni work T_T


Kim Seokjin (16:47): Good luck bye bye

 

Jung Hoseok (16:48): Yoongi~

Min Yoongi (16:48): 1. Pay your respects. 2. I see you haven’t forgotten about me

Jung Hoseok (16:48): How could I possibly forget my favourite Hyung?

Min Yoongi (16:49): That’s better

Jung Hoseok (16:49): this is kind of on short notice, but you know I have a dance performance that I’ve been practicing a lot for?

Min Yoongi (16:50): yes

Jung Hoseok (16:50: Would you like to come? To watch?

Min Yoongi (16:50): me? Watch?

Jung Hoseok (16:50): yes. You don’t have to~ but it might be fun and I’d love it

Min Yoongi (16;51): Sure

Jung Hoseok (16:51): Sure?

Min Yoongi (16:51): yeah it seems fun

Jung Hoseok (16:52): alright.. then I’ll text you the details later I gues

Min Yoongi (16:52):Hobi
Min Yoongi (16:52): thank you for inviting me

Jung Hoseok (16:53): Thank me? Ah it’s nothing~ I would just like you to come!

Min Yoongi (16:53): well I’d love to
Min Yoongi (16:54): Won’t your friends be there?

Jung Hoseok (16:54): Hmm~ Jungkook is in my group, we joined it together. Tae will be in the audience tho


Jung Hoseok (16:54): If you’re that keen on keeping it a secret I suppose you can wear a costume or hide in the shadows. You’d be good at that

Min Yoongi (16:55): I kind of am, guess I’ll see.

Jung Hoseok (16:55): I do think hiding our knowledge from them is fun

Min Yoongi (16:56): Me too. Don’t you have practice or homework?

Jung Hoseok (16:56): I had practice today. Tired and sweaty, but satisfied as always.

Min Yoongi (16:57): I see. You’re not anymore?

Jung Hoseok (16:57): No, now I’m just setting things up for the assignment

Min Yoongi (16:57): Shame, bet it would’ve been a sight

Jung Hoseok (16:58): I’ll make sure to take a picture tomorrow 

Min Yoongi (16:59): We’ve been talking for so little the past few days so  I kind of deserve that
Min Yoongi (17:00): Go study though. Finish your assignment

Jung Hoseok (17:00): Yes I will. I’ll do good, bye Hyung

Min Yoongi (17:00): goodbye
-
Taehyung entered Hoseok’s room with a plate full of hot food. ‘I know that this project is important, but don’t forget to eat,’ he said, his tone worried. Hoseok looked up from the mess of drawings and papers filled with terms. Taehyung set the plate down and picked one of them up. ‘Have you settled on a final idea yet?’ he asked. Hoseok shook his head, ‘I have a vague idea of what it’s going to look like, the materials and foundation and all the stuff you don’t know about. It’s still all very abstract though,’ he answered.
Taehyung scanned over the papers. ‘What’s the assignment anyway?’ ‘It’s supposed to be something that combines old aspects with futuristic ones that fits in a developing city, something unlike Seoul,’ he explained. Taehyung nodded, he may not know much of architecture but he recognized certain aspects. ‘Do eat what I’ve prepared though. I may not be a master chef, but it was made with love.’
Hoseok laughed, ‘I can’t resist that!’ He grabbed the plate and started eating. He didn’t know how hungry he actually was. Taehyung was right, it wasn’t fantastic but it was sufficient. ‘I can taste the love,’ he said with a smile. Taehyung beamed.
‘Thank you for preparing this for me, Tae. I really needed it,’ he said. ‘No problem, I know you did. Now return to working hard and showing everyone how it’s done!’ he encouraged. Hoseok smiled at him, he continued smiling even after Taehyung left. He was grateful to have a friend like that.

 Kim Taehyung (20:21): He’s so busy. Nothing will ever happen like that 


 Park Jimin (20:21): I think we should just push their faces together 


 Jeon Jungkook (20:21): I think we should let them figure this out on their own. 


 Kim Taehyung (20:22): Why? 


 Jeon Jungkook (20:23): Your previous attempts and have failed and I think that if they really do like each other then they’ll find a way, don’t rush it. 


 Park Jimin (20:23): Maybe he knows something we don’t?  


 Kim Taehyung (20:24): Oh~ maybe he’s a spy 


 Jeon Jungkook (20:24):Of course not. I want this to work as much as you, but this isn’t working.  


 Park Jimin (20:25): He has a point. The mighty kook has spoken.  


 Park Jimin (20:25): how about... We give them about two weeks. If we haven’t walked in on them like you walked in on us we shall intervene 


 Kim Taehyung (20:26): stop mentioning that the whole time 


 Kim Taehyung (20:26): I’m still so embarrassed and the poor child is too young 


 Jeon Jungkook (20:27): ok Jimin Hyung, deal.  


 Kim Taehyung (20:27): what!? 


 Park Jimin (20:27): Deal :)




Chapter End Notes
This one is a little filler chapter as well something a little more calm. Tbh it kinda sucks but oh well. I still am unsure of how many chapters are left, but four/five is a safe estimation. To the people who read this and like this (especially those who comment and leave kudos): Thank you so much, it really makes writing this so, so worth it and a lot more fun. Just oh my god it makes me so happy I literally get so happy when I see comments/kudos. Even if you don't comment/leave kudos, thank you for reading! <3ANYWAY, I say thank you too much. The next chapter will take a while because my GOD I am BUSY. I hope you enjoyed this chapter  :)


Chapter 11
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Namjoon was driving while Seokjin was in the passenger’s seat. It was a long drive of four hours, they had two behind them. It mostly consisted of them listening to music, Jin telling bad jokes to make Namjoon laugh and discussions about various subjects. They had just discussed the impeachment of the President and were now sitting in a comfortable silence.
Namjoon loved the discussions he and Jin had. They were never negative, they contained substance. It was always interesting. They most often shared similar opinions, so it was always more talking and agreeing instead of actually discussing something. Despite that, it always gave Namjoon a sense of fulfilment and happiness.
‘Thank you for coming with me, by the way,’ he said, breaking the silence. Jin smiled, ‘Wouldn’t want you to go out into the big world without supervision.’  ‘Don’t hurt me like this.’
‘Could you tell me what it was about again? I may have forgotten,’ inquired Jin. ‘The company wants to expand and they figured one of their most successful artists should join as a representative,’ he explained. Jin nodded. ‘Then it only makes sense they chose you.’ Namjoon smiled widely, his dimples showed. ‘Thank you.’ ‘If we weren’t in a car right now I would’ve kissed you, but we are so imagine it instead,’ Jin joked.
‘Speaking of kisses,’ he started, ‘How’s Yoongi doing? Has he asked that person yet?’ Namjoon shook his head. ‘Not that I know of. He asked me not to look more into it. I can’t help but be curious and have my suspicions. He trusts me though, so I won’t ask until he tells me.’
‘Who do you think he likes?’ asked Seokjin. He would be lying if he said he wasn’t curious as well. Yoongi needed his advice after all. ‘Remember ages ago when he received a text from a boy who meant to text you? I know they’re still talking, Jimin told me that. I think he likes him,’ he explained. Namjoon honestly thought this, he had enough proof. He remembered when Yoongi asked him how he knew he liked Jin and how Yoongi then ran out in panic. It might not be true, but it was a safe guess.
Jin frowned. ’You mean Hoseok?’ Namjoon nodded, ‘Is there any chance I could be right?’ he asked. Jin shrugged, he wasn’t that close with Hoseok. ‘I suppose? I don’t know how they are with each other, but anything’s possible.’ ‘Let’s hope for the best.’
-
Yoongi arrived at the venue early. He was wearing a black cap and a black surgical mask to cover his face as well as he could. Normally he would wear a scarf, but it was too hot inside. Despite being early there were a lot of people. More than he anticipated, it meant more would come. He didn’t like being part of a crowd, there was too much physical contact involved.
Hoseok had told him that it wasn’t a competition, just multiple dance groups performing. He didn’t care much about the other groups, he was here for Hoseok. It wasn’t like he didn’t appreciate dance or the hard work and performances of the others, but he had a mission. Besides, he cared most about Hoseok so why wouldn’t he look forward to his performance?
Yoongi hoped he could catch Hoseok after the performance. His mission was asking him out. His plan was to find him afterwards, complimenting him and then asking him. He hoped it would make Hoseok’s day even better. He knew he still wasn’t certain of Hoseok’s feelings for him. For all he knew Hoseok could reject him. However, Yoongi was hopeful.
-
Five minutes before they had to go up stage. He was currently finishing the warm up with Jungkook and Kai. He was excited, he was nervous and he was ready to give it his all. He had received texts from both Taehyung and Yoongi that they were here. He was uncertain about asking Yoongi at first, but when Seokjin had told him he wasn’t available Hoseok asked anyway. He was happy he did and he hoped Yoongi would enjoy the performance. If he didn’t, Hoseok didn’t care. This wasn’t about Yoongi or his feelings for him.
It was announced they had to go up. He heard the presenter announce their name. The eight of them were standing at the exit telling each other words of encouragement. The door opened and they went on stage and got into position. The stage was completely dark, as fit the theme. The first song was entirely instrumental, Hoseok had forgotten the name. The song contained calm, peaceful parts as well as hard, almost aggressive parts. They had divided the group in two, one for the calm and one for the aggressive. Hoseok was in the aggressive unit. The clothing matched this. He liked the aesthetic, but the tightness was a little uncomfortable.
The music started playing, the lights on their part of the stage lit up and he started dancing. The first part was still easy, the second half of the performance was more intense as well as faster. It was a built up. Hoseok didn’t mind, he always liked challenges.
Darkness for them and he crouched down again. He glanced at the illuminated part of the stage and saw Jungkook dancing, dressed entirely in white. Their movements contained fluidity and calm, while his were fast and chaotic. He liked the concept they went for in the first song. It captured attention, it was different. He only contributed a little to the choreography of it, except for the end. The final notes contained neither elements, so he noted that a dark part and a light part should embrace.
Despite it being a clear cliché, they had all agreed to it.
The lights hadn’t turned on yet, but the four of them rose. Preparing for the transition of light to dark. The lights turned on and the music changed, he started dancing. Every thought vanished from his mind, it was just him and the music flowing through him.
-
Yoongi was literally staring at the stage. More specifically, he was staring at a particular dancer, Hoseok. He was happy he arrived early so he could acquire a good spot, because that made it easier to follow Hoseok’s movement. He had expected Hoseok to be a good dancer, what else could he expect? But what he didn’t foresee was how he was not only an incredible performer, Yoongib felt something during Hoseok’s performances
. During the first performance there were obvious light/dark themes and he could feel the chaos Hoseok was supposed to represent and convey. The feeling wasn’t caused by his general interest in him, the performance by the entire group moved him. Yoongi was also happy to see Hoseok in the tight, black clothing. He tried not to focus on that, though.
Their second performance wasn’t as special. They were dancing to a Korean song he knew, but forgot the name of. The performance was amazing, but didn’t set them apart from the groups that performed before them. He didn’t lose focus, though. His gaze was still fixed on Hoseok, who was passionately dancing. Hoseok looked beautiful. His movements that were perfectly timed with the music were beautiful and his expression  was focused. He looked like he had become one with music, like he had given himself entire to it.  Yoongi was sure that if he didn’t already have feelings for him, he definitely had them now.
It was the end of the second performance, Yoongi wondered what the final performance was. He lifted his head and frowned when he heard familiar music play. It took him a few seconds before he realized it was his own song, Give it to me. Did he really do this, Yoongi thought, I cannot believe this boy. 
He looked at the stage, Yoongi saw Hoseok was at the front, moving. First slowly, then faster. The dancers behind him started copying his movements one by one. Yoongi watched the performance, he was aghast. He never imagined someone would choreograph his songs. He never made them with dance in his mind. Yet here he was, watching a group dance fantastically to Give it to me. He was going to have to thank Hoseok for that later, he didn’t know how to yet. He was astounded during the entire performance.
-
Their performance ended and they left the stage. Hoseok was sweating and breathing fast and heavily, but he was energized and happy. This had been the best experience of his life. His friends were all patting each other’s back, smiling and congratulating each other. He returned all these, but it mostly went past him. The ecstasy of the past few minutes was still more than present.
Hoseok hoped the audience had enjoyed it as much as he had. He returned to the dressing room and sat down on one of the benches. He threw his head back and sighed happily. He loved feeling like this, it was as rewarding as the praise of audience. He grabbed his phone and saw he had a text from Yoongi.
Min Yoongi (19:02): Where can I find you

Jung Hoseok (19:05): Left beside the stage is a door which will grant access to backstage. I’ll inform someone you’re permitted. I’m in dressing room L2


Jung Hoseok (19:05): Did you miss me that much :3

Min Yoongi (19:05): I’m on my way
-
Yoongi found his way to the dressing room without much trouble. He opened the door ‘Hobi-’ he stopped. Hoseok wasn’t wearing a shirt. ‘Have you heard of knocking! The indecency,’ Hosek exclaimed, but his tone wasn’t serious. Yoongi was still staring. ‘Put something on!’ Hoseok laughed and grabbed a clean shirt. He thought Yoongi’s flustered reaction was hilarious, he wished he had responded more dramatically to it.
‘What did you need, Hyung?’ Hoseok asked. He gestured for Yoongi to sit down on the bench next to him, but Yoongi remained standing. ‘Your performance was incredible, I’ve never been more astounded in my life,’ he admitted. Hoseok could feel himself blush. ‘Thank you, that really means a lot to me.’
‘You danced to Give it to me.’
Hoseok suddenly felt a little nervous. Did Yoongi approve of it? He hoped so.‘Yes, what did you think?’ he carefully implored. ‘It was astounding. I don’t know how to thank you,’ answered Yoongi. Hoseok smiled widely, suddenly feeling even happier. He jumped up and went in for a hug. Yoogi accepted it and hugged him back. ‘I also wanted to ask you something,’ said Yoongi. Hoseok raised an eyebrow, he couldn’t think of anything urgent that Yoongi would ask him.
Yoongi sighed and gathered his courage. ‘Do you want to go out with me?’
Hoseok wasn’t sure he heard it correctly, it couldn’t be true. He could feel more happiness well up inside of him. If he felt any more, he would figuratively combust. ‘Did I hear you correctly? Do you mean a date?’ he inquired, his tone careful. Yoongi blushed. His body language showed uncertainty and everything in Yoongi told him to run, but he nodded. Yoongi was completely sure he was going to be rejected.
Hoseok beamed, ‘I would love to!’ He was blushing and smiling widely, he tried to stop himself from jumping. Yoongi was shocked, he looked up at Hoseok’s smiling face. ‘Really?’ Yoongi could not quite believe Hoseok said yes. Hoseok nodded vigorously and pulled him into a hug. Yoongi was still shocked, so he barely even responded to it.
Still embracing, Yoongi woke up. ‘You still smell like sweat, let go of me,’ he demanded. Hoseok let go of him,  but he was grinning. ‘I can’t believe you just asked me out and now you’re complaining about my scent. Unbelievable.’ Yoongi shrugged, ‘I have my priorities straight.’
 ‘Straight is not the right word to use here, Hyung,’ joked Hoseok. Yoongi grinned, he was right it wasn’t.
‘I think it’s about time you leave, though. Don’t get me wrong, but the others could come in and I still have to shower as well,’ suggested Hoseok. Yoongi nodded. He supposed he did have to leave, even though he wanted to be around Hoseok for a little longer. ‘I guess we’ll discuss it later. Thank you again. Bye, J-Hope,’ he said. He used his stage name as a way of acknowledging him as a performer, but he doubted Hoseok would pick up on it. Hoseok still smiled, ‘Bye, Suga.’
 
Yoongi got on a taxi on his way home. While he was being driven he had some time to assess the situation. Firstly, he was so weak when he was around Hoseok. He was smiling and his lethargy disappeared. All the colours became brighter around him. Yoongi was still uncertain whether he liked feeling this way or not as it was still unfamiliar.
 Secondly, Hoseok was a fantastic and skilful dancer. The way he completely surrendered to the music, the way his body moved and conveyed feelings. He was astounding. Besides, Hoseok looked ridiculously attractive while dancing in tight clothing. That was something he would not forget soon. He wondered if Hoseok was aware of how incredible he was.
Thirdly, Hoseok had agreed to going on a date with him. He still couldn’t wrap his head around it. The fact that Hoseok looked happy and excited made Yoongi feel similar. This meant that Hoseok liked him back to a certain extent. It was weird to him, so weird. The concept of romance was something Yoongi never bothered with, now it was a big part of his life. Sure, he has dated before, but nothing made him feel like this.
His thoughts were interrupted by the taxi stopping at his house. He paid and exited the car. When he entered the apartment he was met by Jimin. He was standing in front of him with a serious expression and crossed arms. ‘Where were you?’ he asked sternly, ‘and don’t try lying.’ Yoongi frowned, ‘Why do you ask?’
‘You weren’t with Namjoon, I know he’s currently not even in Seoul. You weren’t at the studio either, I called. What I do know, is that there was a certain dance performance today that you might have been interested in,’ explained Jimin, still looking serious.
‘I don’t know what you’re talking about,’ he responded. He was annoyed by Jimin asking this. Jimin’s expression dropped. Yoongi had to stop himself from laughing, so long for being serious. ‘You weren’t at Hoseok Hyung’s dance performance?’
 ‘There was a dance performance? I’ll ask him about it,’ he lied. He just wanted Jimin to leave him alone. Or at least stop talking about it. Jimin noticed Yoongi’s body language and decided to stop asking. It was clear Yoongi was not feeling like answering questions today. ‘Alright Hyung. There’s some ramen that you can eat. I don’t know if you’ve eaten already.’ Yoongi nodded, but retreated to his room.
 

 Park Jimin (19:30): Taebae are you home yet? 


 Kim Taehyung (19:30): Taebae? Is that new? 


 Kim Taehyung (19:30): yes we just arrived, why? 


 Park Jimin (19:31): because I wanted to talk to you. How was the show? 


 Kim Taehyung (19:32): INCREDIBLE! IT WAS AMAZING! ASTONISHING! Cannot believe my two best friends are such talented dancers, I’m so proud  


 Park Jimin (19:32): Ah I’m so glad~ Do you have any videos? I’d like to see 


 Park Jimin (19:33): Wanna know a fun fact about me? 


 Kim Taehyung (19:33): Yes to both (I’ll send the vids later) 


 Park Jimin (19:34): I danced before I was scouted as a model 


 Kim Taehyung (19:34): omg really? That’s incredible. It’s sad that you had to stop  


 Park Jimin (19:35): I miss it, I hope to start again one day 


 Kim Taehyung (19:35): Maybe you can dance with hobi and kookie when you have time 


 Park Jimin (19:36): I would love that. Speaking of him and dance. You know I had my suspicions? I asked and Hyung denied even knowing of it and he looked uncomfortable so I stopped asking 


 Kim Taehyung (19:36): Maybe Jungkook was right and we should let them be 


 Park Jimin (19:37): for now I agree, watching from afar is fine. Still frustrating, though 


 Kim Taehyung (19:37): Hm~ I have to go, gotta cook for Hobi hyung. He’s so tired. 


 Park Jimin (19:37): give him a hug from me, bye Tae 


   

Min Yoongi (19:45): So, this date thing

Jung Hoseok (19:45): yes~ :D :D

Min Yoongi (19:46): when do you have time

Jung Hoseok (19:46): Hmm well this architecture thing is actually almost finished, no dance practice. Pretty soon?

Min Yoongi (19:47): How about next Saturday?

Jung Hoseok (19:47): That’s great! What did you have in mind? 

Min Yoongi (19:47): strip club of course

Jung Hoseok (19:48): excuse me

Min Yoongi (19:48): Kidding. I was thinking dinner? And cinema?

Jung Hoseok (19:48): that’s such a cliché

Min Yoongi (19:49): do you have any better ideas? Should I ask some witch to curse me so you can save me, is that your ideal first date?

Jung Hoseok (19:49): So you’re actually the princess? 

Min Yoongi (19:49): Shut up you get what I mean

Jung Hoseok (19:50): saving you does seem appealing, but dinner and a movie is perfect. What movie?

Min Yoongi (19:50): A horror?

Jung Hoseok (19:51): dear god no I hate horror I get scared so easily


Jung Hoseok (19:51): I get you want me to cling to you when I’m scared but a 100 times no

Min Yoongi (19:52): not really, I want it to be fun for both of us. How about Moana?

Jung Hoseok (19:52): JFDASHFJ


Jung Hoseok (19:53): a million times yes. I actually haven’t seen it because *someone* went to the premiere with his stupid model boyfriend so I didn’t have anyone to go with 

Min Yoongi (19:54): He actually wanted to take me but I said no. Glad we can go together then, it’s almost the same except it’s not the premiere and I’m not your boyfriend

Jung Hoseok (19:54): heh true :/ Still, glad we’re doing this

Min Yoongi (19:54):I’ll make reservations for the restaurant and the cinema. What are your food & seat preferences. Do you want the movie or the dinner first

Jung Hoseok (19:55): You’re considerate. I’d like the movie first, I don’t really have food preferences. As for seats, around the middle-back 

Min Yoongi (19:55):Noted.

Jung Hoseok (19:55): I look forward to it

Min Yoongi (19:55): me too

Jung Hoseok (19:56): I’m gonna go rest now, I’m tired. I wish we could talk more, bye!

Min Yoongi (19:56): rest well, bye
-
‘What have you been smiling about recently?’ Jimin asked. Yoongi raised an eyebrow. ‘What are you talking about?’ Jimin rolled. ‘I know you like to be secretive, but I’ve known you for a while. You don’t have to lie to me, why are you so happy?’
Yoongi scoffed, ‘Would you rather I’m depressed again?’ He didn’t like Jimin’s curiosity. He never asked him unnecessary questions about Taehyumg, he only teased. Jimin sighed, ‘I don’t know why I bother. Ever since a few days ago your mood has changed, I want to know why,’ he admitted. ‘Let me guess, you think this is about Hoseok again.’
Jimin shook his head, ‘Not necessarily, Hyung. I’m your friend so of course I care. If you don’t want to tell me then that’s fine, but don’t lie to me.’
Yoongi groaned. Why did Jimin always know what to say to make him feel guilty? He wished he knew so he could talk his way out of this. He decided to just ignore Jimin. Not the smartest thing, but he could not be bothered. Besides, he didn’t want to say anything that could potentially hurt Jimin.
Jimin sighed, ‘Whatever then, Hyung. I’m going to Namjoon, have I told you about that?’ Yoongi shook his head. ‘His album concept. He needed a model, so he asked me. I said yes, it’s quite an interesting concept, ’ Jimin explained. Yoongi nodded. ‘Alright, have fun. Tell him I said hello. Are you going to his apartment or studio?’ ‘Apartment.’
Yoongi grinned. Big chance Seokjin would be there. He wondered how Jimin would respond to that. ‘Alright, have fun.’ Jimin waved him goodbye and left.

 Park Jimin (14:45): Could you open the door?  


 Park Jimin (14:46): Hyung? 


 Park Jimin (14:47): I’ve knocked three more times whY ARENT YOU ANSWERING 


Kim Namjoon (14:48): Shit shit sorry Jimin I’ll be right there hang on


 

Namjoon opened the door and was met by a slightly annoyed Jimin ‘I do not deserve this. You wanted a model, but then you neglect him like that.’
Namjoon laughed, ‘Sorry! You can leave your coat and shoes there, meet me in the living room.’ Jimin nodded and did as he was asked.
In the living room he discovered he was not alone with Namjoon. ‘Who’s this?’ He asked. The man waved at him. He was clearly older than Jimin, but still young. ‘Oh, sorry. Seokjin this is Jimin. Jimin this is Seokjin,’ Namjoon introduced them. ‘What’s his role? Is he also here to model?’
Jin shook his head. ‘No, but he damn well should.’ Jin lowered his head and smiled. Jimin looked at the two and nodded. ‘Am I interrupting something? Should I leave?’ Is this what Yoongi felt like when he was around Jimin and Taehyung? He felt awkward. Maybe he was just seeing things.
‘I’m just here because,’ he stopped to think. ‘Someone needs to make sure he doesn’t accidentally make the entire building collapse,’ he laughed. Jimin laughed as well. He was aware of Namjoon’s tendency to destroy things.
Namjoon coughed, ‘Let’s just go over the concept and what I need you to do. Then you can tell me whether you want to go through with this. Don’t be afraid to tell me, ok?’ Jimin nodded. Namjoon proceeded to explain his ideas.
‘Are you familiar with romantic love? Would you be able to express that in a video, or is that too difficult?’ Namjoon asked. Jimin shook his head with a smile, ‘I currently have someone whom I like a lot,’ he admitted, smiling a little at the thought of Taehyung. ‘Perfect, then that won’t be a problem,’ stated Namjoon.
‘What would you have done if there was a problem?’ he asked, he aware the question a little daring. ‘Hm? I would have explained it, maybe demonstrated it. I have some books that explain romantic really well.’
‘He even learned feelings and love from the books, can you believe it?’ teased Jin. ‘We can’t all be naturally charming,’ he responded. It wasn’t something very witty, but he knew it would make Jin flustered and therefore quiet so he could go back to explaining the concept. He was right, Jin’s laughter faded until a shy smile was all that remained.
Jimin chuckled a little at this, but didn’t say anything. He figured they already teased each other enough.
-

 Kim Taehyung (15:59): I just saw the pictures of that recent Christmas shoot 


 Park Jimin (16:00): are they out? How do they look 


 Kim Taehyung (16:01): Hoseok is currently getting tissues to tend to my nosebleed 


 Park Jimin (16:02): Ah I’m sorry 


 Kim Taehyung (16:02): It’s fine just don’t come near me anytime soon because I’ll die of blood loss 


 Park Jimin (16:03): what if I wear a mask? Would that work?  


 Kim Taehyung (16:04): We could try?  


 Jeon Jungkook (16:05): Hyungs you are aware this is the group chat 


 Park Jimin (16:05): yes 


 Kim Taehyung (16:06): NO  


 Kim Taehyung (16:06): shit I’m sorry kookie~ 


 Jeon Jungkook (16:06): it’s ok I lost my innocence ages ago 


 Park Jimin (16:07):oh? 


 Jeon Jungkook (16:07): not like that  


 Park Jimin (16:07): you said it not me 


Kim Taehyung (16:08): omg I’m laughing


 Jeon Jungkook (16:08): I’m just gonna go 


 Park Jimin (16:08):No I have to ask you both something 


 Park Jimin (16:08): has Hoseok’s behaviour changed over the past few days? Like since that performance 


 Jeon Jungkook (16:09): Not really? He’s less stressed and back to his normal self 


 Kim Taehyung (16:09): Yep that’s right. No general changes, why? 


 Park Jimin (16:10): I’m currently living with a Hyung who went from 1% smile to 101% smile over a span of several days 


 Jeon Jungkook (16:10): you said we’d let sope/yoonseok/whatever other name you have come with, rest 


 Kim Taehyung (16:11): if something big happened we would have noticed. Hobi is terrible at hiding his true emotions and is also a terrible liar 


 Park Jimin (16:11): hm~ alright. Still, it’s a weird change. Thanks for telling me anyway. I’m probably just seeing things. 

-
It had been hard to hide his excitement for so long. Hoseok could still not believe Yoongi asked him out. He was so scared of his feelings the whole time, but finding out they were at least a little mutual was a relief. Now it was tonight and Hoseok thought he was going to explode. They had agreed that Yoongi would pick him up a few minutes walking from his dorm. The hardest thing by far was not raising suspicion. Making up an excuse to tell Taehyung had proved to be hard, especially because Hoseok was a terrible liar.
He had settled on telling Taehyung he was going to a library and read up on subjects for Uni. It wasn’t the best excuse, but he believed Hoseok so it sufficed.
Hoseok saw he had a text from Yoongi telling him he was there. He said goodbye to Taehyung and left.
He quickly found Yoongi’s car and entered. ‘Hi, ready to go?’ Hoseok nodded. ‘I’m going to be honest and tell you I didn’t expect you to have such a nice car,’ he admitted. ‘I do make money, you know,’ replied Yoongi. ‘Really? I didn’t know that,’ he joked. ‘Do you still want to see that movie with me? Watch your words or you may leave.’ Hoseok laughed, ‘Fine, Fine. Can you put on some music?’ Hoseok asked. Yoongi nodded and instructed him on how to turn on the radio, as he had to concentrate on driving.
A Christmas song started playing. Hoseok groaned while Yoongi’s face lit up. ‘What, you don’t like Christmas?’ Yoongi asked, his tone clearly surprised. ‘I do, just not this early!’ replied Hoseok, ‘Wait? You do?’
 Yoongi nodded, ‘I fucking love it. Everything is better during December,’ he explained. Hoseok was surprised by this. Yoongi was weird, angry one moment, indifferent the next. Yet he had huge sweet tooth, loved his dog and apparently also loved Christmas. ‘You’re weird,’ he confessed. ‘You keep insulting me, I’m going to cancel this date.’
Hoseok swallowed, still not used to the fact that this was a date. He was going to watch his favourite movie to-be and eat dinner with the person he liked. The person who might actually like him back. He wondered what would happen after this. Hoseok was incredibly aware of his feelings, it really did feel like butterflies. He wondered if Yoongi felt the same way. Was there a chance this would go somewhere? That they would eventually become something more? Hoseok didn’t know and he didn’t want to think about this too much, it would only make him anxious.
His thought were interrupted by Yoongi’s voice. ‘I can practically hear you think, Hobi. Anyway, we’re here.’ They got out of the car and made their way towards the cinema. Hoseok was bouncing excitedly and he couldn’t stop smiling. Yoongi couldn’t help but smile at this, he may not be interested in the movie but watching Hoseok’s behaviour was worth it.
‘Do you want popcorn or anything? A drink?’ he asked. Hoseok shook his head, ‘Í want full immersion, food will just distract me.’ Yoongi nodded, he didn’t feel much like eating either. They found their way to the screen and their seats. Hoseok could barely contain his excitement at this point, bouncing in his seat. ‘I’ve watched the trailer so many times. I think I’m going to cry, Hyung. Again thank you so much,’ he rambled. Yoongi smiled. ‘You’re so cute,’ he mumbled.
 ‘What?’
 ‘Nothing.’
The lights in the theatre dimmed and the screen lit up. ‘It’s happening,’ Hoseok whispered in a high pitched voice. ‘It’s commercials first,’ replied Yoongi. ‘Hold my hand I don’t think I will survive this,’ Hoseok suddenly suggested. Yoongi was glad the lights were off, because he felt he was blushing. He cursed, but eventually offered his hand anyway. Throughout the entire movie he could notice how excited Hoseok was based on how tight he was holding his hand.
-
‘I still can’t believe you cried,’ said Yoongi before putting a piece of chicken into his mouth. ‘It was the best movie I’ve seen all year. Don’t say you hated it,’ retorted Hoseok. ‘I did, it was beautiful,’ he admitted. ‘I could go on about everything I loved, but I don’t want the food to get cold.’ Yoongi laughed, ‘You can tell me all about it later. Sorry this is just a normal restaurant by the way,’ he apologised. Hoseok shook his head, ‘It’s great, I love the food actually. I don’t like fancy stuff in general.’ Yoongi nodded and took a bite of his food.
 ‘Remember when we went to a café and you had some bites of my cheesecake?’ He asked. Hoseok nodded. ‘How could I forget? I had a great time.’ ‘Return the favour, your food looks good,’ he demanded. ‘What? Alright, do I have to feed you as well?’ He laughed when he saw Yoongi’s confused expression. He then moved his plate towards Yoongi so he could have some of it.
‘What was your favourite part of the movie?’ Hoseok asked him. Yoongi swallowed his food before answering. ‘The part where it seems like she has given up, but then the large ray comes and her grandmother encourages her. The animation was amazing and the determination Moana had afterwards, it moved me.’ Explained Yoongi. Hoseok nodded, he did think that part was beautiful too. ‘What about you?’
 ‘The entire movie.’
Yoongi laughed at his response, ‘I’m not surprised. I’m glad you had such a good time. It means this didn’t completely flop.’ Hoseok raised an eyebrow, ‘This is your first time on a date?’ Yoongi shook his head, ‘It was always girls. Aren’t they different? Besides, I do generally want you to have a fun time,’ he explained. ‘Really? I thought you were heartless? Evil witch and all, ’ he teased. ‘I think I’m more like Te Ka to be honest.’ Hoseok laughed at this comparison, ‘I can imagine you as a lava demon. Do I need to return your heart?’ Yoongi shrugged and ate some stolen food, but Hoseok noticed the little smile.
‘I found the personification of Taehyung and Jimin in that movie,’ said Hoseok. ‘It’s the damn chicken isn’t it?’
 Hoseok started laughing, ‘How did you know?’ Yoongi started to laugh as well, ‘Because I was thinking the same thing!’ They were both laughing about the similarities their friends had with the character.
Their laughter slowly died down and Hoseok looked at his watch. ‘Hyung, could you drive me home in a few minutes? I invented a terrible excuse and Tae might become worried.’ Yoongi nodded. ‘Sure, finish the last bit of food then I’ll drive you. For how long do you think we’ll keep this a secret?’ Hoseok shrugged, ‘I don’t know? I want to mess with them for a little longer,’ he replied. ‘You are a child,’ said Yoongi. Hoseok pouted. He looked at Yoongi, who was grinning. ’Why are you smiling?’
‘What even is that face you’re making?’
Hoseok was offended. ‘What do you mean?’ Yoongi tried copying him, but failed and he made Hoseok laugh as well. ‘What is that face you’re making, Hyung!’ ‘I’m trying to copy you! Your mouth became really small and the corners went completely down! How?’ ‘Guess I just have skilled lips,’ Hoseok responded indignantly.
Yoongi raised his eyebrows at him before laughing again. ‘Why are you...?’ Hoseok started, then he realised what he said. ‘No! I don’t mean it like that! Oh God no!’ he stammered. Yoongi didn’t stop laughing. Hoseok looked at Yoongi and felt his heart flutter, he was so cute. Seeing him laugh this hard killed Hoseok, but in a good way. He forgot his embarrassment and started to laugh as well. ‘Jung Hoseok, you are great company.’
-
Min Yoongi (20:02): Did Taehyung say anything?

Jung Hoseok (20:02): no luckily not

Min Yoongi (20:03): Good

Jung Hoseok (20:03): I’m going to thank you again for the amazing time 

Min Yoongi (20:03): No problem. I had fun as well

Jung Hoseok (20:04): We should do this again some time

Min Yoongi (20:04): what? A date or dinner and a movie?

Jung Hoseok (20:05): Hmm~ both. I still have Disney movies to show you as well as amazing cooking skills

Min Yoongi (20:06): Let’s see who organized the best date then

Jung Hoseok (20:06): I’m still screaming because they’re actual dates. Still screaming. Not even going to lie it makes me happy

Min Yoongi (20:07): I was right when I said rappers from daegu make you weak at the knees

Jung Hoseok (20:07): only one does

Min Yoongi (20:09): really? Who?

Jung Hoseok (20:09): are you kidding me?

Min Yoongi (20:09): Of course not. Tell me who it is in detail

Jung Hoseok (20:10): Someone who I would punch right now if he was next to me. 

Min Yoongi (20:10): Wow he must be terrible

Jung Hoseok (20:10): He is. I truly don’t know why I like him so much.

 
Hoseok knew why he liked him so much. There weren’t many things he was so certain of and he doubted himself a lot. But his feelings for Yoongi, those were something he was certain of.



Chapter End Notes
Life's been a bitch lately, I hope that didn't affect this chapter (it did I'm so sorry). Please be patient with me, the next chapter might take a while to write. Is there anything you'd like to see more in this fic, because please do tell me (stuff like more angst/more of a certain relationship or character/slow things down etc). I still have some ideas, but if you do too then tell me please! I really hope you liked this chapter, thank you so much for reading :D


Chapter 12
Chapter Notes
TW TW TW---------(Anxiety+car accidents, injury) just in case ya know be safe soz if this is a spoiler

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





Jung Hoseok (14:45): What is appropriate for a second date
Min Yoongi (14:45): do you not have any idea?
Jung Hoseok (14:46): I've never done this before
Min Yoongi (14:47): Really?
Jung Hoseok (14:47): No I've never dated anyone does that surprise you?
Min Yoongi (14:48): A little. I imagine you've broken the hearts of many people
Jung Hoseok (14:48): Nope I'm completely inexperienced
Min Yoongi (14:49): I now feel so much more burdened. God who knew?
Jung Hoseok (14:49): Don't make me feel bad.
Min Yoongi (14:50): You don't have to go through much effort for it
Jung Hoseok (14:50): No I want to~ but you've stolen all the good ideas. Coffee, dinner, cinema
Min Yoongi (14:50): Coffee?
Jung Hoseok (14:50): Looking back that was basically a date
Min Yoongi (14:51): Kind of yes
Jung Hoseok (14:51): So, no ideas. Don't come up with something for me.
Min Yoongi (14:52): Just google 'Date ideas for a rapper God'
Jung Hoseok (14:53): 'How to kill a pretentious idiot'
Min Yoongi (14:54): or 'how to stop being tsundere'
Jung Hoseok (14:54): then 'how to stop being a hypocrite'
Min Yoongi (14:55): I am not a hypocrite or tsundere
Jung Hoseok (14:55): sure~
Min Yoongi (14:55): 'How to cancel a date'
Jung Hoseok (14:56): Good riddance
Min Yoongi (14:56): You'd miss me too much
Jung Hoseok (14:56): ...

Jung Hoseok (14:56): Maybe
Min Yoongi (14:57): Tell me when you have an idea so we can set the date
Jung Hoseok (14:57): Yes ma'am
Min Yoongi (14:57): Excuse me?
Jung Hoseok (14:58): :3

Jung Hoseok (15:00): Sorry hyung ;3
Min Yoongi (15:00): You're blocked
Jung Hoseok (15:00): You'd miss me too much
Min Yoongi (15:01): Not at all
Jung Hoseok (15:02): Don't break my heart like this :(
Min Yoongi (15:02): I don't want to
Jung Hoseok (15:04): I think I have an idea
Min Yoongi (15:04): tell me
Jung Hoseok (15:04): No

Jung Hoseok (15:05): it's gonna be a surprise
Min Yoongi (15:05): I do not like surprises
Jung Hoseok (15:05): You're gonna like this one. Are you free next friday?
Min Yoongi (15:05): Yes convenientlyJung Hoseok (15:05): Perfect  Hoseok knew Yoongi never had actual fun. He didn't game, watch movies, go out or any of the other things he and his friends did. Yoongi's life, despite recently having more free time, consisted of working hard. Hoseok admired that, but he was a little worried. Caring for someone didn't just mean making sure they're healthy and safe, it also consisted of having a good time. Hoseok always made sure of both when it comes the those he cares about. He selected next friday for his plan simply because Taehyung will not be home. He'll be gone for a few days because he's going on a trip for his biology studies. Something with marine life, Taehyung had been vague when he told him.  Either way, he was going to show Yoongi simple happiness. He would first take him Christmas shopping, make him try on a disgustingly cheesy jumper and afterwards destroy him at mario kart. He still owed Yoongi Pokémon as well-Yoongi was walking down the street. He had just returned from a meeting with his manager about more potential tour dates due to popular demand. He was growing in popularity a lot. Not that he minded, on the contrary.If he was very honest, the meeting went past him. His mind was busy with other things. Such as the fact that his second date with Hoseok was tomorrow. He still thought it was all a dream and he would wake up tomorrow without having even met Hoseok, the boy being a creation of his unconscious mind. He knew it wasn't, this was reality.  He wondered what Hoseok's plans were. Knowing him, it was something cheesy. Yoongi shouldn't really complain as his idea hadn’t been the most original either. He smiled thinking about the movie and dinner.  Deep in thought, he was completely unaware of the busy street around him. Besides thinking, he was also listening to music. The last thing he was paying attention to was the traffic. He was about to cross the road to his apartment. Not paying attention to the cars, he started walking.  A car was approaching fast. The woman driving it was in a hurry. She returned from a stressful event at work, if she didn't improve at attracting vendors she would lose her job. Now she was also late for picking up her child from school. She wasn't paying attention to others in the traffic, they would have to be more careful.She was unaware of a man dressed in dark colours who was currently crossing. She was unaware until it was too late. She pushed the brakes as hard as she could, but was unsuccessful. She hit the man. He was now laying in the middle of the road, unmoving. She exited the car and felt tears welling up. This was the last thing she needed right now. Her worries were solely focused on herself, she didn’t care for the man 'Quickly! Someone call an ambulance!' She shouted. She crouched down and carefully turned the man's body. Looking at his face, it wasn’t bruised. He resembled a teen more than an adult. Quickly checking his pulse, she sighed relieved. She hadn't killed him. Within a minute she heard sirens. She stepped aside so the paramedics had enough space. They lifted the man up and placed him upon the stretcher. He still wasn’t moving. Had she really hit him that hard? ‘Miss, you will have to come with us too,’ a paramedic told her. ‘Sir, I have to pick up my daughter from school. Can’t you send me the fine?’ The paramedic shook his head. She sighed in frustration.  Why did this have to happen to her?-
Kim Seokjin (10:43): Hoseok?

Kim Seokjin (10:43): Jimin and Namjoon don't have your number so I had to inform you

Kim Seokjin (10:44): you're not responding, but I'm going to tell you

Kim Seokjin (10:45): the three of us are at a hospital.

Kim Seokjin (10:46): there was an accident, Yoongi has been hit by a car. He was rushed in and he's still unconscious, We don't know the circumstances
Kim Seokjin (10:47): Please respond ASAP  'How the fuck could this have happened?' cursed Namjoon. Jin was rubbing his back. 'He'll be ok, we'll have answers soon alright?' He tried to comfort him. Namjoon stood up and started pacing around. Jimin was sitting on one of the chairs with his head in his hands. Jin was incredibly worried about the two and about Yoongi. He wondered how this could have happened, but knew he should be the one to support them right now.'I've texted Hoseok, but he hasn't responded yet,' he said. Jimin raised his head. 'He won't respond. Taehyung is leaving on a trip for Uni and Hoseok was going to stay with him at the station until departure, he won't respond,' he explained. 'I couldn't be there because of the shoot. Left immediately when Joon called me. I'm glad I'm here.'  Jin looked at Namjoon, who was still pacing and mumbling to himself. Jin knew he was nervous and thinking out loud, he always did. 'Who is Taehyung?' Namjoon asked. Another piece to solve the puzzle in his head to find out what happened to Yoongi. Jimin coughed awkwardly, 'My boyfriend.' Jin looked up, surprised by Jimin's confession. He didn’t know this, but felt it was inappropriate to ask. Namjoon didn't respond. He was still pacing and mumbling.  A man in a white coat approached them. Jin hoped he would bring good news, or just some news in general. Anything to calm him and his friends down. 'Gentlemen, are you here for patient Min Yoongi?' He inquired. Jin nodded. 'How is he?' Namjoon asked. The man smiled, 'Stable. He is unconscious still, he has two bruised ribs and a sprained wrist as well as a concussion and minor bruises. ' Namjoon cursed and Jimin let out a deep sigh. Jin smiled at the doctor. 'Thank you, will we be able to see him?' The man nodded, 'He should wake up soon, I'll send a nurse when the patient says he's ready.'-Hoseok hugged Taehyung. 'Have fun, collect lots of fish!' Taehyung laughed, 'Hyung, you know it's not about fish.' They let go and exchanged final goodbyes. Taehyung joined his group and got on the train. They waved at each other one final time before he disappeared into the train.  Hoseok smiled as he watched the train leave. Small Tae's grow up, he thought. He hoped he would have a fun and interesting experience. He turned and walked towards the taxi station. Hoseok hadn't looked at his phone while he was with Taehyung, he considered it impolite. He saw he had messages from SeokJin and opened them.  He couldn't believe what he read. Yoongi was in the hospital? Accident? He almost dropped his phone. Worry washed over him like a cold wave.  Jung Hoseok (11:22): What??????
Jung Hoseok (11:22): WhT happened lh my gkd tell me now what hospital is he ok im shaking hyung

Jung Hoseok (11:22): oh mu fixking god ill be in my way right now I have to wait doe a fuckinf taxi oh my g od

Kim Seokjin (11:24): Jimin, Namjoon and I just left. We spoke to him he's ok

Jung Hoseok (11:24): I don't care i'm in a taxi what is the address

Kim Seokjin (11:24): Alright don't rush though we don't want you to get surgery as well

Jung Hoseok (11:25): HE Hd sRGERY?????,

Kim Seokjin (11:25): no, for so far it wasn’t necessary I'll send you the address hang on

Jung Hoseok (11:26): Thank GOD

Kim Seokjin (11:26): that's not my name, but you're welcome.
  Hoseok arrived at the reception desk completely out of breath. 'How can I help you?' The elder man at the desk asked. 'I'm here for patient Min Yoongi?' The man did something on his laptop, too slow for his liking. 'Patient Min is currently resting and therefore not receiving visitors.'  Hoseok sighed loudly. 'Can't you tell him I'm here? If he knows he'll let me in, I promise,' he pleaded. The man shook his head. 'I'm not allowed to. If you wait for a day you'll be able to,' the receptionist explained. Hoseok sighed, he didn't have time for this. He needed to see Yoongi.  At last Hoseok accepted his fate and slumped down on one of the chairs in a waiting room. He didn't know what to do. He couldn’t wait for an entire day, was it possible to just stay at the hospital until the next morning? He didn’t want to leave yet, for all he knew the elder man had made a mistake. Hoseok thought about Yoongi, about what might have happened and in what state he was in. He couldn't help but imagine Yoongi laying there on the concrete. His pale skin contrasting with dark blood. Skin as cold as the pavement. Hoseok didn't know how severe it actually was, but his anxiety made his imagination more active. He tried to stop himself from imagining the scene, but it only became worse in his mind. He imagined Yoongi, in pain and damaged laying on the cold ground. Blood, bruises, broken bones.  Hoseok shook his head and stood up. He couldn't continue thinking like this. Jin had told him Yoongi was ok, he should trust that. Be rational instead of letting his fear and worry take control. He knew staying in this environment wasn’t going to make him feel better. It was unfamiliar and uncomfortable.He stood up and left. He would just have to wake up early so he could visit. Be there when he was finally allowed to. When he was at home he focused on studying and taking notes, the only things that could take his mind off his worries.-'Young man?. You've been sitting there for a while, are you ok? Do you need anything?' the receptionist asked him, it was a younger woman instead of an elder man like yesterday. Hoseok got up and stretched. He had arrived at the hospital at eight in the morning. He had taken a book with him so he could read. The book he was reading was Demian. It was something Seokjin had given to him. He was a slow reader and it always made him sleepy, but the book was interesting. Because of the interest he was unaware that he had been reading for three hours. ‘Í’m here to see patient Min Yoongi,’ he replied. The lady did something on the computer. Patient Min is ready to receive visitors,  she informed him. Hoseok immediately perked up, his attention levels rising. 'Where can I find him?' 'Third floor, room 17.'  Hoseok nodded and rushed towards the stairs. He ran up them and almost fell a couple of times. While finding the room he almost bumped into a few nurses and visitors. He almost didn't apologise, he needed to find the room.  He found it and knocked. 'Come in.' Hoseok recognized his voice. He opened the door and practically stumbled in. 'Yoongi,' he breathed. Yoongi frowned.  'Who are you?'   Hoseok stared at him. 'Are you being serious?' Yoongi nodded.  'Jung Hoseok? The guy who accidentally texted you? Hobi?' He asked desperately.  Yoongi cracked a smile. 'Of course I remember. I'm messing with you. I wasn't hit that hard.'  Hoseok stared at him before laughing. 'You asshole! I almost had a heart attack!' 'Well at least you're at a hospital.' 'You're not funny, I thought you had forgotten about me!'  Yoongi smiled. 'Sorry, Hobi. Why are you here?' 'I think it's better to ask you,' responded Hoseok. Worry was visible on his face. Yoongi nodded. 'Either sit on this bed or remain standing there.’Hoseok chose to sit on the bed. He looked at Yoongi who looked back at him. ‘I was walking down the street, just came back from a meeting. I was distracted and crossed the road. Last thing I remember was the sound of brakes and someone shouting. Then it became black, must have been hit pretty hard. My wrist is sprained, two ribs are bruised and I have a concussion. Besides that I’m fine,’ he explained calmly. Hoseok stared at him, ‘Don’t say you’re completely fine. I saw you flinch when you sat up.’‘The doctor said it could have been so much worse considering the circumstances, I’ll recover quickly,’ he replied. Hoseok raised an eyebrow. ‘Circumstances?’ Yoongi sighed, ‘Years ago I crushed my shoulder during a delivery job. The collision didn’t affect that at all.’ Hoseok’s eyes widened and he started to worry even more. ‘I’m sorry, I can’t go out today, does this count as a date?.’ ‘Yoongi are you kidding me? That date is the least of my concerns. I’ll stay here with you until you tell me to leave,’ he retorted. Yoongi nodded and smiled. ‘You know you don’t have to.’ Hoseok shook his head.  ‘I want to, I’m sure we can have a good time here.’ ‘I  can barely move right now, but sure Hobi. What do you want to do? Play I spy?’ He joked. Hoseok perked up. ‘I spy... something pink.’ ‘There is literally nothing pink here.’Hoseok laughed, ‘That’s not true! There’s plenty, you just have to look properly.’ ‘This game is stupid, let’s play something else.’ Hoseok pouted. ‘Oh! Your lips are pink!’ Hoseok nodded, that wasn’t what he meant, though. ‘Any other games you can play whilst laying down?’ Hoseok asked. ‘How am I going to survive two more days in the hospital oh my god. I’m going to die here,’ Yoongi complained. Hoseok’s eyes widened. ‘Two more days? Why?’ ‘They want to make sure nothing happens, something that hasn’t shown yet,’ he explained.‘Should I break my arm as well so I can keep you company?’ he joked. Yoongi shook his head. ‘Please, don’t do that. Healthy is better, don’t get hurt.’ ‘Smooth. ’ ‘Thank you.’Silence. Hoseok was staring at Yoongi who was frowning at his wrist. Yoongi looked very fragile like this, almost childlike. The room was white, the hospital clothes were white and slightly too big, the sheets were just as white. Then there was Yoongi, his hair a black mess, his skin was pale, his lips chapped. Hoseok thought about what he resembled. ‘Do you always do that?’ Yoongi’s voice interrupted. ‘Do what?’ ‘Completely zone out while staring at someone.’Hoseok smiled and shook his head, trying to force himself not to blush. ‘Not that I’m aware of, no,’ he said. ‘It’s something I’ve seen you do multiple times. What are you thinking about?’ Hoseok shrugged. ‘Nothing in particular.’ Yoongi scoffed. ‘I may have a concussion, but I’m not stupid. Don’t lie to me, Hoseok.’ His tone was stern. Hoseok sighed, ‘Alright. I was thinking about you.’ Yoongi frowned. ‘Why?’‘Firstly, Min Yoongi, we are in a hospital. I have been waiting since yesterday to see you because I was worried sick, I still am. I dropped Taehyung off at a train station and immediately after that I was informed that you had an accident. I went crazy,’ he rambled. ‘Besides, I really like you. Don’t know if you’re aware of that, but I do. So I think about you a lot. Especially when you’re around me. Especially when you’re injured. Sorry,’ he finished.Yoongi stared at him, he didn’t expect a small rant and he also was unaware that Hoseok had been waiting for so long. Eventually, he smiled. ‘Hoseok?’ They looked at each other. ‘Thank you for caring so much about me. I kind of really like you too,’ he confessed. Hoseok smiled widely. ‘Can you say that again? I don’t think I heard you properly,’ he teased. ‘Prick. If I was capable I would have punched you.’ Hoseok smiled, still big and bright as well. ‘Don’t you kind of really like me? I imagine you would want to do something else to me, but whatever you’re into.’‘Keep your sick fantasies to yourself, hypocrite.’ ‘Oh! I never said such things I’m not a hypocrite,’ protested Hoseok. ‘Just admit it already, you definitely want me. It was my tongue technology that made you fall for me.’ Hoseok started laughing, ‘Your tongue technology! Context is important.’ Yoongi started to laugh too, but flinched because of his bruised ribs. ’Be careful there,’ he said, clearly worried.A nurse entered, ‘Sir, you will have to leave in five minutes. The patient has to rest,’ she announced. Hoseok nodded. ‘Thank you, I will leave soon.’ The nurse disappeared again. ‘I’m assuming we can’t text?’ he asked. Yoongi shook his head, ‘Even if my arms were alright, my phone is at home. I’ll call you when I’m home,’ he said.  Hoseok pouted. ‘I can’t wait that long.’ Yoongi smiled at this. The fact that Hoseok would miss him made him both happy and sad. Happy because it meant that Hoseok liked him that much. Sad because he didn’t want Hoseok to feel sad. ‘I understand that you need Min Suga in your life, but you will survive. Or I hope so,’ he joked. Hoseok nodded.He had that face again, the one that showed he was thinking about something. In the short time they had spent around each other Yoongi had learned some things. Hoseok doesn’t just verbally communicate, you can tell a lot about him through expressions and body language. Those were prominent feature and Yoongi had quickly learned what some of them meant. This face was one of his thinking faces.‘What if I make sure you recover faster?’ Hoseok asked. Yoongi frowned. ‘That’s not possible. Unless you smuggled in illegal medicine, but I won’t accept that.’ Hoseok laughed. ‘No, you idiot. I know you can’t properly move right now, so just do what I say.’ Yoongi frowned. Hoseok, still on the hospital bed, moved. ’Can you cross your legs? Or is that too painful?’ Yoongi shook his head and crossed them, still confused. Hoseok moved towards him. ‘What the fuck are you doing?’ Yoongi asked. ’I have no idea.’Hoseok moved even closer, their knees were touching. Hoseok leaned towards him, placing his hand on the wall behind Yoongi. He closed the distance between them and pressed a chaste kiss on Yoongi’s lips. Yoongi was astounded, he froze. Hoseok’s lips felt soft on his that were chapped. Why wasn’t he responding to him? Yoongi wanted to, but couldn’t believe this was happening.Hoseok pulled back, jumped off the bed and ran out of the room. ‘Jung Hoseok!’ Yoongi shouted. He couldn’t get up, but he wanted to go after Hoseok. Why would he kiss him and then run away? It didn’t make sense in Yoongi’s mind. He wanted Hoseok to stay. He cursed himself for not responding to the kiss.-Hoseok had been focusing on his course work since he visited Yoongi. He knew he would leave the hospital today. Yoongi had told him he’d call him, but after what Hoseok had done he doubted it. He missed Taehyung a lot. He would return from his little science trip tomorrow. He looked forward to hearing Taehyung’s stories.Hoseok had considered inviting Seokjin or Jungkook over but decided against it. Jin would talk about Yoongi. He still was curious about how he knew Yoongi, Jimin and the other guy so well. Hoseok wasn’t in the mood for Jungkook’s mischief or his ideas. He would suggest games, he knew he would. Jungkook was always passionate about playing games and winning. Normally that was funny, but Hoseok was busy with being angry at himself.He heard his ringtone from the living room and got up. He wondered who that could be. He went into the living room and grabbed his phone. The screen said it was Yoongi calling. Hoseok gasped and almost dropped his phone. Why would he call? To shout at Hoseok? Despite his fear he answered. ‘Hobi, I’m free.’ He heard the familiar voice. ‘How are you?’ Hoseok asked. ‘I’m alright. The doctor told me to rest a lot. My concussion should be gone soon, my wrist is fine too, but my ribs will take weeks,’ he explained. ‘You’re lucky the bone didn’t go through your skin, that would have been disgusting.’ He heard Yoongi made a sound of disgust. ‘Don’t even talk about that. I don’t exercise, so resting won’t be a problem.’ ‘They don’t just mean physical rest, Hyung,’ he replied. Yoongi groaned. ‘Anyway, there’s something I wanted to talk about,’ Yoongi said.Hoseok gulped. He knew this was about that kiss and he was afraid of what Yoongi was going to say. ‘Why did you leave?’ Yoongi asked. Hoseok sighed, ‘I’m sorry for kissing you, I shouldn’t have. I got hit by a wave of anxiety and just left.’ ‘You shouldn’t be sorry for kissing me, be sorry for leaving me behind.’Hoseok gasped, ‘You don’t hate me?’ Yoongi laughed, ‘Yes, Hoseok. Of course I do. For leaving me hanging. It wasn’t even a proper kiss.’ Hoseok couldn’t believe what he was hearing. He felt bold. ‘Give me a second chance?’ Yoongi was silent, all boldness was replaced with insecurity. He should not have said that. ‘Technically you do owe me that second date, so this one time I’ll grant you a second chance.’‘I’m going to scream for a moment so cover your ears,’ he warned. Yoongi laughed, he thought Hoseok was joking. However, Hoseok jumped on the couch and started to laugh and scream.He sat back down and brought the speaker back to his ear. ‘Fuck, I should have taken that warning more seriously,’ said Yoongi. Hoseok laughed, ‘Sorry. I just became really excited.’ ‘It’s fine, when do you want to do it?’ he asked. Hoseok thought for a minute. He wanted to see Yoongi soon, but knew he was recovering. ‘When do you think you’ll be able to?’ ‘I’m going to have to ask the doctor. It does depend on what you have in mind?’ he inquired. Hoseok decided on something calm. He didn’t want Yoongi’s injury to worsen just because he wanted to have fun. ‘Just play games and watch movies,’ he told him. ‘You’re romantic,’ Yoongi teased. Hoseok laughed, ‘I’m taking your injury into consideration. I deserve about 100 romance points because of that.’ ‘How many romance points did I earn when I took you out then?’ ‘Ten million.’ Yoongi didn’t respond to that. Hoseok wondered if he said something wrong.‘You’re gonna have to catch up,’ Yoongi suddenly declared. Hoseok breathed out in relief. ‘I can easily beat you,’ he huffed. ‘I’d love to see  you try, Hobi. Anyway, I’m gonna run a bath, bye!’ said Yoongi. ‘Enjoy your bath, bye!’ he ended the call and collapsed. He was smiling and his cheeks were warm. He was relieved and happy. Yoongi didn’t hate him, Yoongi was safe. He didn’t know why this made him so happy. He didn’t need to know.-
Jung Hoseok (17:35): Wanna meet Tae at the station tomorrow?

 Jeon Jungkook (17:36): No, sorry Hyung. Busy with school 
 Jungkook sighed. He didn’t like cancelling plans. Yesterday he had to cancel hanging out with Yugyeom as well and he wasn’t allowed to dance for the coming two weeks. His grades and schoolwork were falling behind, so his parents had forced him to cut down on fun activities. This included drawing, gaming, dancing and hanging out with friends. They had threatened to take away all of his electronic devices if he didn’t do well on his upcoming tests.Therefore he spent most of his time studying and working on assignments. He was currently working on maths. He hated maths with a passion. Quadratic whatever, exponential whatever. Still, he had to work on it. He’d put off maths for last. Anything was better than that, even literature. The only subjects he liked were art and physical education, but of course he didn’t have homework for that. He sighed, he was just going to have to live with these stupid formulas.He was mindlessly doodling in the notebook instead of actually solving equations. It started with a simple sunflower, but right now he was working on the fifth rose. Frustrated by his own actions he threw the pen down on the floor. Why couldn’t he focus? Why was he mindlessly doodling instead of being productive? Art would get him nowhere, so it’s better to stop. He would have to go to University as well after he graduates, but he was still clueless on what he wanted to do. Everyone around him was certain, Taehyung and Hoseok had made their choices and were happy, what about him?He sighed and picked the pen up. Drawings of flowers can wait, right now he had to find the value of x in an impossible pentagon. Suddenly he heard his mother call, ‘Jungkook! Come help me with dinner!’ he smiled and got up. He barely knew how to cook ramen, but anything is better than maths.-Min Yoongi (09:30): Just called the doctorMin Yoongi (09:30): he said I should be fine doing those things.  No health risks
Jung Hoseok (09:32): Great! Then we can plan later!

Jung Hoseok (09:32): I’m currently at a train station to pick tae up

Jung Hoseok (09:33): Did I tell you he went on a trip?
Min Yoongi (09:33): nope
Jung Hoseok (09:34): he went on a research trip for uni to the coast. He’s a biology student
Min Yoongi (09:34): I’m surprised Jimin hasn’t told me thatMin Yoongi (09:34): explains why he’s so quiet
Jung Hoseok (09:34): Poor boy~ this means they’re bound to be gross around either of us
Min Yoongi (09:35): I swear they’ll get payback for that they don’t even try to be quiet
Jung Hoseok (09:36): Still haven’t forgiven them for keeping everything a secret. I can handle hearing them talk and laugh (& kiss ehehe) but them keeping it a secret

Jung Hoseok (09:36): so really they’re getting pay back right now
Min Yoongi (09:37): didn’t know you were that keen on revenge
Jung Hoseok (09:37): I’m not 

Jung Hoseok (09:37): ok maybe a little

Jung Hoseok (09:38): Oh! I think the train is approaching! Bye Hyung!
Min Yoongi (09:39): Bye Hobi Taehyung ran out of the train and began to look for his friend. He quickly spotted him and sprinted towards him. ‘Hobi Hyung!’ he called and embraced him. Hoseok accepted the hug. ‘Taehyungie! I missed you,’ he exclaimed. ’I missed you, too! I have so much to tell you!’ ‘Let’s go to the dorm so you can tell me all about it,’ he suggested. Taehyung nodded. ‘Can I invite Jimin? I really missed him. and Jungkook.’ Hoseok shook his head. ‘’Jimin is fine, but Jungkook can’t come over. He’s busy,’ he explained. Taehyung nodded, visibly disappointed. ‘Also, I’m going to sleep over at Jimin’s next Saturday,’ he announced.Hoseok wiggled his eyebrows at him, Taehyung laughed and slapped his arm. ‘Hyung, not like that.’ Hoseok laughed. He had really missed Taehyung’s company.-
Jung Hoseok (11:07): I ESCAPED TAE AND JIMIN MY GOD

Jung Hoseok (11:07): I’M SORRY FOR YOU WHEN SATURDAY NEXT WEEK COMES
Min Yoongi (11:09): what the fuck are you talking about
Jung Hoseok (11:12): Jimin is here and they kept talking and wouldn’t let me go, I had to stay for some reason. Now Tae is gonna sleep over at yours so it was nice knowing you
Min Yoongi (11:12): He’s gonna WHATMin Yoongi (11:13): Jimin and I are going to have to talk. I did not know of this nor do I agree
Jung Hoseok (11:14): either this ends in your death or Jimin’s 
Min Yoongi (11:15):You support me right
Jung Hoseok (11:15): You’re still injured and I’ve seen Jimin’s muscles. I don’t think you’d win
Min Yoongi (11:15): thanks for the knife in my back
Jung Hoseok (11:15): it was placed there with love
Min Yoongi (11:17): tell me when you need it backMin Yoongi (11:17): can’t I go over to yours? Taehyung won’t be there and I kind of won’t be able to handle those twoMin Yoongi (11:18): like I’m happy they’re in love, but I really want to give them the space they need
Jung Hoseok (11:19): that

Jung Hoseok (11:19): that’s a really good idea actually. Will you sleep over then?
Min Yoongi (11:20): yeah I supposeMin Yoongi (11:20): second date and I’m already sleeping over. By the fourth you’ll be pregnant
Jung Hoseok (11:21): I don’t know what part to respond to first. The fact that you think you can impregnate me or that there will be more dates
Min Yoongi (11:22): don’t even respond to the pregnancy part I’m too young to be a dad
Jung Hoseok (11:22): are you ignoring my lack of womb on purpose
Min Yoongi (11:23): oh shit right
Jung Hoseok (11:23): Min Suga Genius
Min Yoongi (11:23): we’re just gonna ignore that ever happened
Jung Hoseok (11:24): Am I not manly enough? :(
Min Yoongi (11:24): You are don’t worry I’m fantastically idiotic sometimes
Jung Hoseok (11:25): this conversation is so eventful I cannot believe you called yourself idiotic
Min Yoongi (11:25): do not get used to it Hobi
Jung Hoseok (11:26): don’t worry

Jung Hoseok (11:26): I’m gonna go study for something now that it’s still calm I hope you don’t mind?
Min Yoongi (11:27): nah good luck-Hoseok was nervous. He kept looking at the clock. Yoongi had told him he would leave an hour after Taehyung arrives. Taehyung had left 55 minutes ago, Yoongi should be here soon. He was worried that they wouldn't believe Yoongi's excuse: that he would sleep over at Namjoon's so they have the place for themselves.  They surprisingly did, so Hoseok wasn't worried. They probably didn't even care as long as they were alone.  He jumped up at the sound of a knock on the door. Could it be Yoongi? He was early. Calm down, he thought, it's just Yoongi.  He sighed and opened the door. There was Yoongi, soaked to the skin. 'I'm sorry, stray cats aren't allowed in these dorms,' joked Hoseok. Yoongi groaned, 'Just let me in, I'm cold.' Hoseok stepped aside and Yoongi entered. 'Do you want some of my clothes? These can't be comfortable,' he suggested. Yoongi nodded. Hoseok disappeared into his room to gather some clothes. Yoongi was slightly smaller than him, so most of his clothes would be too big. He picked a simple grey jumper and a pair of baggy jeans, something comfortable.  He returned to the living room and saw Yoongi was standing there awkwardly. 'You're dripping on the carpet, here are the clothes. You can change in my bedroom,' he announced. Yoongi nodded, grabbed the clothes and went to Hoseok's room. Hoseok was aware his room was a mess, but wasn't bothered by it. He hoped Yoongi wasn't either.  'These clothes are way too big, Hoseok.' Hoseok turned and saw Yoongi was standing in the doorway of his room. He didn't know whether to laugh or melt. He forgot the grey sweater was oversized and even big on himself, it was on the verge of falling off Yoongi's shoulders. 'Do you want something else?' He asked. Yoongi shook his head, 'It's comfortable. I'm gonna stay here for a while anyway, so comfort is good.' Hoseok nodded. 'Is there anything else you need? Food or a drink?' He asked. Yoongi shook his head. 'Let's just do what you had in mind.' 'Are you prepared to be completely destroyed at mario kart?' Hoseok grinned. Yoongi looked unimpressed. 'Do you want me to fall victim to even more car crashes? Can't I play Pokémon?'  'One game of Mario kart, please?' He whined. He really wanted to play it with Yoongi even if it was for five minutes. This was partially because he thought it was cute and partially because he wanted to win. He always lost when he played against Jungkook and Taehyung. Yoongi had told him he barely played games so Hoseok was certain he would win this.  Yoongi shrugged. 'Fine, if it makes you happy.' Hoseok perked up. 'It does! Sit down, I'll set everything up. Do you know how this game works or should I explain?' Yoongi shook his head, 'Just move the wheel, right? And I fire items with this one?' Hoseok nodded. He was grateful they were going to play this. He could focus on winning instead of on Yoongi looking utterly adorable.  'What's rainbow road?' Yoongi asked. Hoseok laughed, 'The worst one. You're bound to fall off a million times and lose even though the computer mode for the others is easy.' Yoongi nodded 'Let's do that one.' Hoseok chocked, 'the highest you've come is second place and you want to do the most difficult one?' 'You have no faith in me.''Even Jungkook sucks at this one!''How about this. If I rank in the top three you grant me a wish.'Hoseok gulped, but agreed to it. He didn't even try because he despised rainbow road. However, Yoongi was determined. He hadn't fallen off yet and was currently ranked second. Hoseok couldn't quite believe that. Whatever it is Yoongi wants from him, he was determined to get it. This kind of scared Hoseok.  It was the third lap. Hoseok was ranked sixth while Yoongi was still second. Yoongi fired a blue shell that hit Computer Bowser, who was in first. He was now in first. Despite this, his expression showed no sign of happiness about his victory. It was mostly expressionless. Hoseok fell off the road again and cursed. There goes his glorious sixth place along with his motivation to continue playing. He felt a movement next to him and looked from the screen to Yoongi. He was first. Yoongi had jumped up, finally showing happiness. 'I can't believe it,' said Hoseok. 'Told you I could do it,' he replied, 'now finish the lap.'  Hoseok ended seventh. He turned to Yoongi. 'What do you want from me?' Yoongi frowned at him, confusion visible on his face. 'You really don't know?' He asked. Hoseok shook his head. 'I want you to kiss me, Hoseok.'  'What?' He looked at Yoongi whose cheeks were pink. 'You heard me,' he said. Hoseok was at loss for words. His mind was a mess. Should he? Was he comfortable with this? Was Yoongi? What if he did something wrong? Instead of moving Hoseok sat there completely silent. 'I have to do everything myself,' muttered Yoongi. He scooted closer and leaned forward. Hoseok was still paralysed. Yoongi rolled his eyes and put his hand on Hoseok's neck for stability. When he placed his lips on Hoseok's the other finally responded. Hoseok leaned into it more. Yoongi found that he was right, Hoseok's lips were soft. Hoseok surprisingly deepened the kiss. He pushed yoongi backwards and moved a hand to his cheeks. Yoongi smiled, enjoying what Hoseok was doing.  Yoongi broke the kiss. Hoseok fell backwards, his cheeks were red and he was giggling. Yoongi looked at him with a smile. 'Why did you hesitate before?' He asked. 'You surprised me, Hyung. It's not every day someone I like asks me to kiss them,' explained Hoseok. 'Fair enough, what shall we do now?' 'Can you give me a minute, I need to recover.' Yoongi laughed, 'you're so dramatic.' 'I'm sorry, but did the person you have liked for quite a while just kissed you?' Hoseok said indignantly. 'Yes, actually,' replied Yoongi. He laughed at Hoseok's expression. 'My DS is in my room, you can play Pokémon. I'll join you later.'  Kim Taehyung (18:23): Miss me yet hyung?
Jung Hoseok (18:24): Yes of course how could I live without you?

Jung Hoseok (18:24): Having fun ;)

 Kim Taehyung (18:25): Yes! We binge watched a drama and it was great 

Jung Hoseok (18:25): Good! What time are you coming home tomorrow

 Kim Taehyung (18:26): I'll see when it's tomorrow! 

Jung Hoseok (18:27): You really have no idea?

 Kim Taehyung (18:27): Nope! Why? 
Jung Hoseok (18:28): No reason I just want to know when you're back home  'He said he doesn't know. Might as well leave at 7 am tomorrow if we really want to keep this a secret,' said Hoseok. He was a little annoyed. 'There's no way I'm waking up at seven,' protested Yoongi. Hoseok laughed, 'You won't have to. By the way, where do you want to sleep?' 'What options do I have?' He asked. 'The couch, my bed or Taehyung's.' 'Your bed with you in it?' Yoongi asked with a slight smirk. 'What? No- No. Unless that's what you want,' he stammered. 'I'll take the couch,' Yoongi replied, 'By the way, shouldn't we get dinner?' Hoseok looked at the time on his phone. He nodded. 'Shall I order something? Or should I cook?' 'I don't think I'm ready for your cooking skills, just order something.' Hoseok laughed, 'Alright offend me, any preference?' Yoongi shrugged.  Within a few minutes they were eating take out and watching Mulan. Yoongi had already laughed a few times and was clearly paying attention to the movie, this was a relief to Hoseok. He wanted him to have fun. He quickly discovered that Yoongi wasn't a talker during movies. Taehyung always was so this was a nice change.  He saw 'I'll make a man out of you' was about to start and jumped up. He loved this song and knew it by heart. Yoongi frowned at him. 'What are you-' He was cut off by Hoseok who had started singing. 'Let's get down to business! To defeat the huns! Did they sent me daughters  when I asked for sons?' He sang loudly and badly. Yoongi started laughing, 'What are you doing? I'm trying to watch this!'Hoseok ignored him. 'You must be swift as the coursing river! With all the strength of a great typhoon!' He continued. Yoongi decided to just watch him and laugh. 'Mysterious as the dark side of the moon!' He definitely did not hit that note. Hoseok started moving along with the music. He pointed at Yoongi, 'You're not suited for the rage of war! So pack up go home, you're through!' Yoongi raised his eyebrows, 'Excuse me?' Hoseok grinned and continued singing. In the last chorus Yoongi joined in with the last line. 'Mysterious as the dark side of the moon!' They sang, both sounding terrible. Hoseok sat back down on the couch and they both started laughing. 'Next movie it's going to have a proper duet and we're going to sing that. I'll teach you,' declared Hoseok. 'Am I ready for that? Let's first finish Mulan.'  Hoseok had eventually given him the choice between Tangled and Frozen. Yoongi picked Frozen because he already knew Tangled and didn't like it. Hoseok was shocked by the revelation and demanded an explanation. Yoongi had shrugged and told him the story didn't speak to him. Hoseok put on Frozen. 'The duet in this is beautiful, can't wait to ruin it.' Yoongi smiled at this. He really enjoyed the movie. He didn't know things aimed at children could be so entertaining, moving and funny.  Througout the  movies they had moved closer to each other. At the end of Mulan Yoongi was practically in Hoseok's lap. Hoseok was very aware of this. He didn't know whether to move away from him or to perhaps wrap an arm around him. He decided on the latter. 'What are you doing?' Yoongi asked. Surprised, but not moving away. 'Don't you want to be comfortable?' he asked. Yoongi nodded slightly and leaned into Hoseok’s touch, still a little awkward.‘Hyung, you don’t have to be so awkward. Sit however you want.’ ‘Are you sure?’ Hoseok nodded, smile bright. Yoongi didn’t hesitate, he nestled in Hoseok’s side, put his head on his shoulder and put his legs on the couch so the position was more comfortable. ‘I can’t belie-’ Yoongi cut him off, ‘You said get comfortable. This is comfortable.’ Hoseok decided not to complain after that.‘How do you expect to sing this song!’ Yoongi complained. Love is an open door just finished. ‘We’ll watch it again. After that we’ll sing it, I know it by heart you can just look at the lyrics,’ Hoseok said with a shrug. Yoongi was still hesitant, but agreed to it. After a second watch Yoongi felt like he was familiar enough. ‘I’ll sing the guy’s parts then?’ he suggested. They had both gotten up, to Yoongi’s dismay. Hoseok nodded. This meant he was going to sing Anna’s parts. Yoongi knew that this was going to be a train wreck and a mess, but it would be funny. They were both terrible singers, he was a rapper for a reason. Unfortunately there weren’t any princesses or princes who rapped.‘All of my life has been a series of doors in my face,’ Hoseok started singing. Yoongi could tell he wasn’t being serious. He started to laugh at Hoseok’s passionate performance, completely forgetting he had to sing as well. ‘Shit,’ he cursed when he noticed he had to start. ‘I was thinking the same thing! Cause like I’ve been searching all my life to find my own place,’ he sang, still hesitant. Hoseok was biting his lip, trying his hardest not to burst out laughing. ‘But with you,’ they sang, sounding terrible. Yoongi decided to just go for it, they were both not very talented so why not have fun? ‘Love is an open door!’Yoongi cringed multiple times during the song, quickly deciding that despite having fun he did not like the song.  The Finishing each other’s sandwiches part made him want to leave the dorm and throw up somewhere.  ‘You and I where just meant to be!’ Hoseok literally screamed this, Yoongi almost fell of the couch laughing. ‘You can’t do that to this poor song!’ Hoseok ignored him, ‘Say goodbye!’ ‘Yep I’m definitely leaving,’ Yoongi stood up, laughing. Hoseok jumped in front of him, ‘The pain of the past, we don’t have to feel that anymore!’ ‘Love is an open door!’ Yoongi sang, though it couldn’t be considered singing at this point. They were yelling the lyrics. They both jumped on the couch, which then creaked. ‘Oh shit,’ Hoseok stopped singing. Yoongi laughed, ‘The couch can’t handle our talent.’ ‘You should stop eating cake,’ Hoseok teased.‘Can we stop singing? My throat hurts and I hate this song,’ admitted Yoongi. Hoseok pouted. ‘How do you deal with performances?’ ‘Rap is differs from belting Disney songs.’ Hoseok shrugged, ‘You have to make it up to me if you’re not going to finish singing.’ Yoongi frowned, ’why are you always so evil?’ Hoseok laughed, ‘It’s nothing terrible. I just discovered I like kissing you.’ ‘Then what are you waiting for,’ replied Yoongi, his tone a little annoyed. He didn’t have to say that twice. They were still standing on the couch, Hoseok stepped forward and moved his hand to Yoongi’s cheek. He leaned in and kissed Yoongi.He quickly pulled away out of shyness, but Yoongi pulled him back. ‘I’ve been waiting for this for so long, I don’t have the time for chastity,’ he said before placing his lips on Hoseok’s again. He responded fast and kissed back. Yoongi put both his arms over Hoseok's shoulders and around his neck, allowing him to pull him closer. He tried to put his hands in Hoseok’s hair, but the long sleeves hindered him. Yoongi pulled away. ‘I’m sorry these sleeves are impossible.’ Hoseok laughed, ‘I can’t believe how adorable you are, seriously.’ Yoongi rolled his eyes. He didn’t really care about whether he was adorable or not, he just wanted to kiss. ‘Don’t make fun of me. Also can we sit down? I don’t like standing up,’ he complained. Hoseok immediately sat down, Yoongi rolled up the sleeves and then sat down too. He leaned in to kiss him again, but was stopped by Hoseok’s hand. ‘Either we’re going to continue watching or continue this,’ he said. Yoongi already knew he didn’t like Frozen that much, so the choice was easy for him. However he had to be considerate of Hoseok’s wishes as well. ‘What do you want?’ Hoseok bit his lip. He liked Yoongi a lot, he liked kissing Yoongi a lot, but he was afraid they were moving a little too fast. Even though they’ve known each other for a few months now, even though Hoseok has liked him for a few months now. He was unfamiliar with everything as well as a little awkward. He didn’t want to disappoint Yoongi, though.Yoongi was aware of Hoseok’s silence and his expression. ‘Both are fine with me, it’s up to you,’ he reassured him. Hoseok smiled, ‘I’d like to watch the movie.’ Yoongi nodded. He was slightly disappointed, but respected Hoseok’s wish. They returned to a comfortable position, with Hoseok’s arm around Yoongi again. They finished watching Frozen peacefully.-After frozen they watched Beauty and the Beast and the Little Mermaid. Yoongi liked these a lot more. They were both sleepy and it was comfortable like that. Neither were complaining. On the contrary, they enjoyed being in each other's arms. Yoongi whined when Hoseok had to get up because he had to put on a new movie. They had decided they would watch two more, Aladdin and Pocahontas. Aladdin was first. Yoongi laughed a lot at the Genies’ jokes and tricks.  Yoongi didn't make it through Pocahontas. After the first quarter of the movie he had fallen asleep. It was the sixth movie after all so it was late. Hoseok didn't dare to wake him up. It was the first time that day he allowed himself to look at Yoongi. To see him. Yoongi was pressed against him. He seemed small, almost like a child. Because he was laying down the fact that the sweater was too big wasn't very visible. He looked so much calmer when he was sleeping, expressions and worries faded from his face. His dark lashes contrasted with his pale skin. Hoseok was slightly worried about that, was Yoongi getting enough sunlight? Did he do anything to keep his skin this pale? He was going to have to ask later.Yoongi’s lip were slightly parted. The lips he had kissed earlier that evening. They were chapped and dry. Hoseok thought they wouldn’t be, Yoongi lived with a model he expected he’d use self care products all the time. Then again, this was Yoongi. He didn’t care about many things, especially if they were trivial. It didn’t really bother Hoseok, it was just something he discovered.He wondered if it was ok if he kissed Yoongi's head. He couldn't properly move without startling Yoongi. He looked so pretty and soft, it was difficult not to. Hoseok pressed a small kiss on his head. The hairs tickled his lips and nose.  Hoseok turned off the tv and moved a little so his position for comfortable for sleeping, careful not to startle Yoongi. He eventually fell asleep as well. He forgot to set an alarm.- 'Do you really have to leave,' Taehyung whined. 'I can't help that they suddenly need me at 10 am in the morning. I wish I could stay,' replied Jimin. Taehyung rolled over to the side of the bed where Jimin was sitting. He was pulling a plain shirt over his head. Taehyung loosely threw an arm around Jimin's waist, his face planted in a pillow. 'You can't make me stay, you know,' Jimin said with a smile. 'Really? I can try.''You need to leave too, you can't stay here alone,' he informed him. Another groan from Taehyung, 'I'm just going to stay in your bed and pretend I'm not here. Yoongi hyung won't even notice when he returns I'll be quiet,' he joked. 'I can't trust you to be alone in my room for that long.' 'What secrets could you possibly have?' 'You're not ready for those.'Taehyung started laughing. He rolled back to the other side of Jimin's bed and finally got up. 'I think I'll just head home in my pyjamas,' he declared. Jimin turned his head to look at him. He didn't turn away. Taehyung's hair was messy and his face a little puffy because of sleep. Jimin didn't know whether to laugh at this or to kiss him right there. 'Why are you staring?' 'Can't decide whether I should laugh or kiss you.' Taehyung flushed a little. 'Let me at least brush my teeth then.' Jimin started to laugh at his response.Taehyung looked at him in confusion, he had been serious. 'We still have some time for quick breakfast, shall we make some?' Jimin asked, changing the subject. Taehyung nodded. 'I'm actually so hungry. I am Taehyungry,' he said, clearly proud of his joke. Jimin glared at him before laughing.  After breakfast it was time to say goodbye. They hugged for a solid minute before Taehyung left the apartment. He took a bus back to the dorms. He was excited to see Hoseok again and he wondered what he had been up to while he was gone. He opened the door and walked in. 'Hobi? Are you awake? I'm ho-' he stopped. He had found Hoseok on the couch. He was cuddling someone. He took a closer look and recognised Min Yoongi. His mouth fell open. Was he dreaming? Was he actually seeing Hoseok and Yoongi cuddle on the couch? He was trying his hardest not to scream. He grabbed his phone out of his pocket. He sneaked a picture and sent it to the groupchat he had with Jimin and Jungkook.
 Kim Taehyung (10:17): picture sent 

 Park Jimin (10:17): picture received 
Jeon Jungkook (10:17): picture received
 Kim Taehyung (10:18): IKM TRYING AO HARD NOT TJ SCREAM 

 Kim Taehyung (10:18): THEGRE ACTUALLY CUDDLING ON THIS COUCH???? SLEEPING IN EACH OTHWRS ARMS??????? 
 Park Jimin (10:19): WHAT RHE    FUCK 
 Park Jimin (10:19): Tae I'm screaming what is this 

 Kim Taehyung (10:19): I don't know! 

 Kim Taehyung (10:20): I'm gonna wait until they wake up (*-*) 
Jeon Jungkook (10:20): What’s this? 0.o
 Park Jimin (10:20): it seems they are ahead of us. Interrogate them once they’ve woken up I need answers 

 Jeon Jungkook (10:21): So do I 

 Kim Taehyung (10:21): I’m still trying not to scream 

 Kim Taehyung (10:22): Yoongi hyung just moved oh shit 

 Kim Taehyung (10:22): screaming aside they look so cute 

 Park Jimin (10:22): take another picture? 

 Jeon Jungkook (10:23): for blackmail purposes 

 Kim Taehyung (10:23): okok 

 Kim Taehyung (10:24): fuCK hElp 

 Kim Taehyung (10:24): jdfhsjdAS,,, 

 Kim Taehyung (10:25): All three of you are fucking dead.  

 Park Jimin (10:25): what? 

 Park Jimin (10:25): Tae? 

 Jeon Jungkook (10:26): omg I think he got caught and his phone is possessed by Suga 

 Jeon Jungkook (10:26): Jimin it was nice knowing you you’re both dead 

 Park Jimin (10:26): Yoongi said the three of us 

 Jeon Jungkook (10:26): isn’t he like 174 cm though I bet he can’t even reach me 

 Park Jimin (10:27): you underestimate him, let’s mourn our loss I already miss Taehyung 

 Kim Taehyung (10:27): actually I’m 175 cm. Jungkook I dare you to come over and face me 

 Jeon Jungkook (10:28): on my way 

 Park Jimin (10:28): can’t believe I have to work and miss out 

 Kim Taehyung (10:28): when I get home you’re so dead, Park Jimin 




Chapter End Notes
This took quite a while, but it's 9k words so please forgive me. I hate this chapter with a passion, I cannot write romance oh my god. I'm so unfamiliar with it and I was really flustered while writing this (I don't hate romance I just found out I can't write it).I hope my awkwardness doesn't show too much and that you liked this anyway! Someone asked for eventual smut, I hate smut and do not read it. I'm awkward with kisses and cuddles so imagine sexual content. However, if you think it's something that would make this fic a lot better and it's something you REALLY want to read, I suppose it's worth a try? Tell me please. Thank you so much for reading this, I hope you liked it! ahhh <3 <3 <3


Chapter 13
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




It was hectic. Yoongi was standing on one of the dinner chairs, Taehyung was laying on the floor his face pressed against the carpet, Hoseok was sitting on his back. The events that led to this went as followed: Taehyung had inched closer to take a second picture. As this happened Yoongi woke up. The moment he saw Taehyung his eyes widened and he immediately jumped up, out of Hoseok's arms and off the couch. This startled Taehyung and he stumbled backwards. Yoongi jumped to him and snatched the phone out of his hand. They were making a lot of noise, this woke Hoseok up. 'Yoongi? What's goi-' he stopped when he saw the scene in front of him. Yoongi had tackled Taehyung once he had his phone and was now next to the dinner table. 'What the fuck? Taehyung?'Hoseok exclaimed. 'Keep him down!' Commanded Yoongi. Hoseok, still confused, looked at his friend who was on the floor. Hoseok got up and walked towards him. 'Hobi, have mercy!' Hoseok ignored him and sat down on his back. Taehyung groaned, 'I don't deserve this! I'm sorry!' Yoongi then decided to stand on one of the chairs, keeping his phone away. 'You're in no position to talk, Taehyung. Literally,' said Yoongi, a grin appeared on his face. Taehyung just groaned in response.Hoseok was still confused, 'What's going on? I still don't know.' 'Taehyung came home and saw us sleeping. He texted Jimin and Jungkook a picture,' he explained. Hoseok started laughing, 'Seriously? Wow I can't believe this. I imagined things would be different when I wake up.' 'You two have some explaining to do,' Taehyung said, his voice muffled because of the position he was in.'Actually,' Yoongi started, but stopped. His face twisted and he clutched his chest. Hoseok immediately got off Taehyung and walked towards the chair Yoongi was standing on. 'What's wrong? Are you ok?' He asked. 'My ribs,' he groaned. Hoseok became worried. The aftermath of the collision a week ago, bruised ribs. He remembered that the concussion had faded away fast and his wrist was fine too, but ribs would take weeks. That's why they shouldn't have been this active. That's why Yoongi was now in pain. 'Should I call the hospital?' 'What's going on?' Taehyung had gotten up and joined them. 'Bruised ribs, still haven't recovered. Please call them, I have the number in my phone my code is 1832,' Yoongi said through gritted teeth. Hoseok obliged.'Jung Hoseok speaking, this is about patient Min Yoongi... Yes... Yes, the car accident.... He moved too much and is now experiencing pain because of his ribs.... Right now? Understood, we'll be on our way,' they heard him say and he ended the call. 'We have to go to the hospital right now,' he explained.No one had a car, except for Yoongi but it was at his apartment because he went by foot. Therefore they had to use a taxi. The first few minutes of the ride were silent except for Yoongi's occasional groans followed by Hoseok asking him if he was ok. Taehyung couldn't stay silent anymore, curiosity was too strong. 'I know it's not appropriate, but please just explain everything. Why were you at our dorm? Why were you cuddling? I don't know what's going on,' he blurted out. Hoseok sighed, he looked at Yoongi as if asking for permission to tell. He nodded.  'Alright. Tae, remember that concert?' He asked. Taehyung nodded, how could he possible forget that? 'Your plan did work, he saw me. We left of course. The next day he called me and I explained to him what you told me. Yours and Jimin's relationship, your plans and all that. We decided to keep you oblivious and a few days later we went out for coffee,' he explained. Taehyung nodded, trying to stay calm. He was processing everything in his mind, it was easy to make sense of he just couldn't believe he and Jimin have been such idiots. 'So then, how did you get to the point of cuddling?'  Hoseok chuckled. 'We hung out some more, he even visited my dance performance. This is when he asked me out.' Taehyung couldn't believe what he was hearing. So Jimin was right when he suspected something, Hoseok and Yoongi were liars. 'We went out for dinner and saw Moana together, it was amazing. This was an actual date, by the way. We planned a second date, but then he suddenly had this accident. The day you left on the trip. I visited him at the hospital, impulsively kissed him.' he was interrupted by Yoongi. 'It was barely a kiss.' 'Be quiet, you're in pain remember?' Yoongi smiled despite the ache. 'Then he suggested he sleeps over while you sleep over at Jimin's. He didn't want to be there, described you two ‘'as snails in love who became stuck to each other thanks to the slime.'’ Weirdest comparison,' he had to stop explaining because he was laughing. Taehyung was a little offended by this. Hoseok stopped laughing and continued, 'So he came over. We had fun, might have kissed and we fell asleep while watching Disney movies. You know the rest.' Hoseok concluded the story.Taehyung's mouth was slightly open, he couldn't believe this. 'Can I tell Jimin and Jungkook?' 'Well I suppose it's too late to ask that now isn't it?' Responded Yoongi, his ribs may be damaged but his wit wasn't. Taehyung laughed nervously. They arrived at the hospital and Yoongi was immediately helped.The doctor concluded that nothing severe had happened after some examination. The pain took a while to fade even after they practiced breathing exercises. The doctor advised Yoongi to use ice as well as more rest, if pain continues to show he should return. The doctor sternly told him to treat this seriously. Hoseok told him he'll make sure Yoongi will. After the visit they decided to go to Yoongi's apartment and wait for Jimin. Might as well explain it to him too.  'Shall I invite Jungkook too?' Suggested Hoseok. Yoongi shrugged, 'Might as well, they're going to tell him anyway.' Taehyung smiled sheepishly, Yoongi was right,  they definitely would. 'Hobi, last time you were here you didn’t see the place properly, want me to show you around?' Yoongi asked. 'I'd love to!' He replied. Yoongi and Jimin's apartment was a lot bigger than Hoseok's and Taehyung's dorm. 'Alright, Taehyung you can go to Jimin's room or something,' Yoongi suggested, though it sounded more like a demand. Taehyung obliged. He wanted to stay in Jimin's room earlier that morning anyway, he was just getting what he wanted.  'This the kitchen. We make food here. At least, that's what would happen if we knew how to cook. Sadly we don't go further than soggy rice and ramen,' Yoongi said, half joking. He was slightly bitter about his lack of skill. 'That crack in the floor happened when Joon came over. Don't ask me how, he opened a cupboard and a pan fell out or something,' he explained. Hoseok started to laugh at this, imagining the events in his head. 'What's next?''Either the bathroom or my bedroom.''I want to see your fancy bath.' 'Don't make it sound weird.'  Their bath was fancy. It was quite a big bathroom, with a separate shower and bath. There were many bathing and self care products scattered throughout the room. 'Those are all Jimin's,' said Yoongi when he noticed Hoseok was looking at the mess. 'Ah, makes sense. Your bathroom is huge. Tae and I only have a shitty shower,' he complained. The shower that sometimes didn't even have hot water sometimes. Shower times weren't the problem, the shower itself was. He almost broke it once. 'You can always shower here if you want,' said Yoongi, sounding indifferent. This wasn't something Hoseok wanted to imagine or think about right now. His shitty shower will have to do if it meant he could erase the mental image from his mind. 'This place must have cost a lot of money,' he thought out loud. 'Jimin's a successful model, I'm a successful rapper. Why settle for less?' He answered. Hoseok hadn't expected an actual response. 'How many of these products are actually being used?' 'He receives a lot of free stuff. He just occasionally uses face masks. Kid doesn't take care of his hair which is stupid.' 'Why?''Have you noticed he dyes it a lot? All that bleaching destroys your hair. I don't dye mine and take care of it, want to feel how soft it is?' He grabbed Hoseok's hand and lifted it to his head. Hoseok was startled by this, but let him. He was right, his hair was really soft. 'Wow, you're right.' Yoongi laughed,'Enough touching.'  Next room was Yoongi's bedroom. 'This is where the magic happens. I sleep here, it's amazing,' he wasn't being serious. His room was quite tidy, there weren't many things. A big bed, closet, desk, desk chair and a keyboard. The only mess was on the desk, which was scattered with papers and pens, assumedly for writing. Hoseok could tell Yoongi spends a lot of time here, despite the emptiness of the room it did seem like a place he would be comfortable in. The colours of the walls and furniture were dark, just like he knew Yoongi liked. The room wasn't empty, it was calm. There would only be a mess if Yoongi was in it, but that mess was entirely in his own mind. He imagined Yoongi working here, writing lyrics, melodies and playing on the keyboard to test what he had created. 'You're doing it again,' said Yoongi, disturbing Hoseok's thoughts. 'Sorry.' He apologised. He really needed to be careful, Yoongi had pointed it out multiple times. He never really was aware of when he was zoning out. 'What were you thinking about?' He asked. Hoseok shrugged. 'This place. Your room and how it suits you,' he admitted. 'Glad you weren't thinking about anything else while in my bedroom,' teased Yoongi, a small smirk appeared on his face. Hoseok felt warmth rising to his face, Yoongi's words made him flustered again. 'I hope you weren't when you were in mine yesterday,' he responded. It was the first thing he could think of. 'Don't worry, I'm not like those other two. I have self control,' he said, 'Speaking of them. Should I show you Jimin's room?' 'I'd rather leave Taehyung there,' he joked. Yoongi laughed too. 'Shall we go back to the living room?' Asked Hoseok. He liked Yoongi’s room and would not mind spending more time there, but it could be considered inappropriate. Besides, Jungkook would be there soon. 'I'd rather do something before that, can I kiss you again?' asked Yoongi.'I appreciate you asking, but you can whenever you want.' 'I'm trying to be considerate, don't be such a dick.' 'Are you going to kiss me or insult me?'He turned to face Hoseok properly and leaned in. Hoseok noticed and responded to his movements by putting his arms around Yoongi's waist. Their lips met. It was simple and soft. They enjoyed the simple touch, the calm movements. How could someone feel so content just by a kiss? Hoseok felt himself smile. Yoongi considered this permission to deepen the kiss. This time he wasn't hindered by long sleeves and moved his hands up to Hoseok's hair, tangling his fingers in the soft locks. Surprised by the sudden hand in his hair Hoseok almost broke the kiss.  As much as Hoseok was enjoying the simple intimacy, he needed to breathe. He broke the kiss with a small gasp. 'Can't handle more?' Asked Yoongi teasingly. 'Don't get arrogant.' Kim Taehyung (11:59): Jungkook are you almost here??
 Jeon Jungkook (11:59): five minutes 

 Park Jimin (12:00): I asked if I could leave 

 Park Jimin (12:00): 'your puffy face adds a different kind of sexy we need so stay a little bit longer for some more pictures' 

 Kim Taehyung (12:01): don't know whether I should agree, be jealous, or be annoyed 

 Kim Taehyung (12:01): all three 

 Park Jimin (12:03): don't be jealous they just want money 

 Park Jimin (12:03): I'll be there in an hour 

 Jeon Jungkook (12:04): don't trust them they won't let you in 

 Kim Taehyung (12:04): this bed is comfortable I called Hobi to open the door 

 Jeon Jungkook (12:04): Sigh 

 Park Jimin (12:05): you're in my bed again? 

 Kim Taehyung (12:05): it's comfortable, warm and smells like you I'm going to live here 

 Jeon Jungkook (12:05): Open this door please 

 Park Jimin (12:06): Open the door for Kookie or I'm kicking you out 

 Jeon Jungkook (12:06): I can hear him run. Thank you :) 
Park Jimin (12:06): No problem :) Take care of him for me I'll be there soon  The three of them sat down with Jungkook on the couch. After explaining the story Jungkook was silent for a while before bursting out in laughter. 'I can't believe we've all been this stupid,' he exclaimed.'The three of you, Hoseok and I were smart. Watch your words,' said Yoongi. Jungkook ignored him and continued laughing. Hoseok started to laugh as well. Taehyung, despite his embarrassment, chuckled a little.'There's one thing that happened a while ago that I also think you should know. Jimin and Jungkook were involved in that as well,' he admitted. 'No, wait until Jimin is home. You can tell them together,' replied Jungkook, 'before he does, know I never agreed to it.' 'We all know you're less innocent than you make yourself appear,' retorted Hoseok. Yoongi laughed at this remark.  Park Jimin (12:16): Am I missing out??? I'm on my way
 Jeon Jungkook (12:16): Nothing they won't tell you 

 Jeon Jungkook (12:16): Pouting Taehyung 
Park Jimin (12:17): thanks for informing kookie I'll be there in 10, I complained a lot and they’re letting me go  Finally, Jimin arrived. 'What'd I miss? Scoot over,' he said and sat down between Taehyung and Hoseok. All five were now squished on the couch. 'Shall I start?' Asked Hoseok. Yoongi nodded.Hoseok started to animatedly explain what had happened. Suga’s concert where they made eye contact, their phone call and decision to keep them oblivious. Their first meeting at the café where Hoseok discovered Yoongi’s sweet tooth and Yoongi discovering Pokémon. He talked about his dance performance, how Yoongi came to find him and asked him out. Hoseok smiled at the fond memories that seemed like ages ago, he wasn’t too detailed because he wanted to keep things to himself.Yoongi took over, he talked about Moana and dinner and the great time they had. He talked  about their ideas for a second meeting, which was disturbed by his sudden accident. He talked about how Hoseok visited him at the hospital and how he kissed him then dramatically left. Hoseok said it was anxiety, Yoongi corrected himself. He explained how he didn’t want to be around Jimin and Taehyung while they were having their sleepover, so he visited Hoseok. Taehyung interrupted with a remark about the snail comparison. Yoongi ignored him and continued to tell him about their sleepover. Yoongi didn’t leave in too many details either, completely skipping over Mario Kart. He just told them they hung out then kissed and ended up falling asleep while watching Disney movies‘To conclude, you’re all dumb idiots,’ said Yoongi solemnly. Jimin was staring at them completely dumbfounded, his eyes big and mouth opened. A small noise escaped from his throat causing Taehyung to laugh. ‘I think we need to give him a moment,’ suggested Hoseok. ‘Maybe making out in front of him will work,’ joked Yoongi, already turning toward him. ‘Didn’t know you were a voyeur,’ responded Hoseok, a smirk appeared on his face. Yoongi turned away again, he was clearly a little offended.‘I just,’ started Jimin, ‘I cannot believe this.’ Jungkook tapped on Taehyung’s shoulder. ‘Now that Jimin Hyung’s here can you tell them what you wanted to tell earlier?’ he asked. Taehyung clapped his hands,‘Ah! Yes, thank you Jungkook. Remember ages ago when we dragged you to a mall and we ended up losing Hobi? That was one of our ideas to make you meet,’ explained Taehyung. Jimin burrowed his face in Taehyung’s shoulder out of obvious embarrassment. Both Yoongi and Hoseok started to laugh loudly. ‘You actually did that? I can’t believe this, you two are terrible,’ said Hoseok through his laughter. Yoongi couldn’t even speak. ‘Let’s never speak of this again,’ said Jimin. ‘No, we definitely are going to,’ responded Jungkook, a grin on his face.Jimin stood up. ‘The whole world is against me! Tae, you support me right?’ Taehyung nodded, but a small smirk had appeared on his face. ‘Tae you’re just as guilty,’ remarked Hoseok. Taehyung covered his face with his hands, clearly a little embarrassed as well. Yoongi had almost fallen off the couch of laughter. Hoseok helped him stay upright, he was still thinking of Yoongi’s ribs.‘I regret coming home,’ Jimin said then walked towards his room and disappeared inside it. ’Poor Jimin,’ said Hoseok, clearly not sorry. He felt something jump against his leg causing him to scream.‘Holly! Down!’ demanded Yoongi, finally speaking after his fit of laughter. Hoseok then screamed again, ‘Holly! Oh my God!’ Yoongi lifted the small dog up. ‘Want to meet him?’ Hoseok nodded vigorously. Yoongi allowed the dog to jump on Hoseok. ‘One time a dog fell asleep in his hands,’ remarked Taehyung. Yoongi raised an eyebrow, ‘Really?’ Both Taehyung and Jungkook nodded.Yoongi looked at Hoseok, his face receiving Holly’s kisses. Holly was licking his face. Hoseok clearly didn’t mind this, so he didn’t scold the dog. Yoongi was glad Holly liked Hoseok, but it didn’t surprise him. Holly also loved Taehyung and basically anyone who gave him attention. Yoongi smiled a little, still, seeing Holly and Hoseok like this was adorable.Jungkook suddenly received a text. He took a look and his face fell. ‘Sorry, I have to go. School work, parents want me home,’ he explained. ‘It’s only fair we leave too, then!’ suggested Taehyung. Hoseok nodded in agreement. Taehyung and Jungkook stood up, Hoseok lifted Holly up and placed him on Yoongi’s lap, then stood up as well. ‘Jimin!’ Taehyung called, ‘We’re leaving!’‘Wait!’ He called back. Jimin walked out of his room. ‘I do want to say goodbye to those who are nice to me,’ he said, glaring at Hoseok and Yoongi. They both grinned. Jimin hugged Taehyung tightly, ‘Today and yesterday were fun, I’m going to miss you,’ Jimin whispered. ‘I’ll miss you too,’ he whispered back. If it was up to Jimin he would stand here hugging forever, but he had to let go. ‘We can do better than that,’ said Yoongi quietly so only Hoseok could hear. ‘We’re not going to, you’re getting a pat on the head,’ replied Hoseok. So that’s what he did, making the others laugh but disappointing Yoongi.-Min Yoongi (13:05): Two things I didn’t get the chance to say today
Jung Hoseok (13:05): yes?
Min Yoongi (13:05): even before the concert I saw you alreadyMin Yoongi (13:06): remember when I walked into a women’s shop? That was because of you. I saw you while walking Holly, but I panicked and fled
Jung Hoseok (13:06): why?
Min Yoongi (13:06): remnants of social anxiety? Shitty impulse control?
Jung Hoseok (13:07): Ah I see~ I don’t mind it would’ve been too soon
Min Yoongi (13:07): thank youMin Yoongi (13:07): the other thing is something I don’t want to do through text but I have no other choiceMin Yoongi (13:08): I don’t know how else to phrase this but what are we?
Jung Hoseok (13:11): oh

Jung Hoseok (13:11): I mean

Jung Hoseok (13:11): I like you a lot. In a non-friend way. In case you didn’t notice. 
Min Yoongi (13:11): completely unaware
Jung Hoseok (13:12): What do you want?
Min Yoongi (13:12): for you to be my boyfriend of course
Jung Hoseok (13:13): dhfldjh

Jung Hoseok (13:14): you could have given me a warning
Min Yoongi (13:14): you could answer
Jung Hoseok (13:16): I would like that. Boyfriends. Yes.
Min Yoongi (13:16): I can tell you’re flustered through text.
Jung Hoseok (13:17): we can’t all be stone cold like you
Min Yoongi (13:17): I am very happy right nowMin Yoongi (13:17): sad because you’re not here right now
Jung Hoseok (13:18): you’re a sap

Jung Hoseok (13:18): oh~ can I use pet names
Min Yoongi (13:19):no
Jung Hoseok (13:19): sugar~

Jung Hoseok (13:19): sweetheart~

Jung Hoseok (13:19): love~
Min Yoongi (13:20): no
Jung Hoseok (13:20): babe~ 
Min Yoongi (13:20): no
Jung Hoseok (13:21): please baby
Min Yoongi (13:22): no. I don’t like pet names
Jung Hoseok (13:22): you’re the most boring boyfriend in the world
Min Yoongi (13:22): Sorry babe
Jung Hoseok (13:23): Please don’t 
Min Yoongi (13:23): Glad we’ve established that that those are a no. When do you want to see me again? Tuesday?
Jung Hoseok (13:24): I have a lot of classes on Tuesday and I generally shouldn’t fall behind because I want to be with you

Jung Hoseok (13:24): not that that’s going to happen, but I’m informing you just in case
Min Yoongi (13:25): noted. When are you available?
Jung Hoseok (13:25): ah depends on what you want to do?
Min Yoongi (13:26): something simple. Lunch together?
Jung Hoseok (13:27): I have time for that on Thursday. Two morning classes only
Min Yoongi (13:27): perfect. I’ll pick you up at the dorms around 12 then, I look forward to it
Jung Hoseok (13:27): Ok~ So do I! How are your ribs? Better?
Min Yoongi (13:28): Still hurts a little, but mostly fine.
Jung Hoseok (13:28): be safe 
-Jimin still couldn't quite believe the events of the day a little while ago. He couldn't believe this happened to him, that Taehyung and him were so stupid, that Yoongi and Hoseok were smarter than them. They were both in the living room. Jimin wondered if anyone else besides him, Taehyung and Jungkook knew. 'Have you told Namjoon? Or that guy he was with, Seokjin?' He inquired. Yoongi shot up and cursed. Jimin grinned, so they didn't know. 'I have to tell him,' mumbled Yoongi. He pulled his phone out of his pocket and texted Namjoon. All while Jimin was watching in amusement.  Min Yoongi (12:03): NamMin Yoongi (12:03): Joon
Kim Namjoon (12:04): Yoon

Kim Namjoon (12:04): Gi
Min Yoongi (12:05): You home?
Kim Namjoon (12:05): Nah in the studio,  we're recording. Currently having a break
Min Yoongi (12:07): Can I come over? Is Seokjin with you?
Kim Namjoon (12:07): Is he ever not with me nowadays. Yes sure you can come over, same studio as usual
Min Yoongi (12:08): Perfect, I'll be there in 20  'I'm going to Joon, can you take care of yourself? 'Of course, go tell the world you're in love,' replied Jimin, a teasing tone in his voice. Yoongi rolled his eyes. 'You know well as anyone I can't tell the world,' he responded. Jimin's face fell. He knew what Yoongi was talking about. Dating when you're well known is risky, especially when you're dating someone of the same gender. He heard Yoongi say goodbye and leave, but he didn't respond.  Min Yoongi (12:30): Why did you lock the fucking studio doors
Kim Namjoon (12:30): Blame Jin, he said it was for safety.
Min Yoongi (12:31): just open the goddamn door
Kim Namjoon (12:31): Jin's going
Min Yoongi (12:31): Does he do everything for you?Kim Namjoon (12:31): ;)  Jin opened the door for Yoongi and he entered. Yoongi didn't greet him, but decided to complain. 'I don't know what you see in Joon, honestly.' Jin laughed at this, 'If you really wanted to know we'd still be standing here tomorrow.'  Yoongi sighed. He had forgotten how incredibly domestic and affectionate they were with each other.He regretted his decision to come here already and considered leaving. Still, Namjoon meant a lot to him and they've been friends for over seven years. Seokjin had given him advice on how to ask Hoseok out. He would feel slightly bad if he didn't tell them.'Yoongi! What'd we do to deserve your bright presence!' Greeted Namjoon sarcastically. 'I didn't want anything but be around my favourite person! Let's all sit down and enjoy each other's company!' He responded, his own sarcasm matching Namjoon's.  They sat down on some of the chairs. Namjoon and Seokjin looked at Yoongi in anticipation. They looked like parents who were about to hear their child confess to something scandalous. Perhaps they even prepared a lecture. 'Remember when I asked you for dating advice?' They nodded. Yoongi sighed. 'well, I have a boyfriend now,' he admitted. The two jumped up and started cheering. 'Who is it? How? Tell us!' They both asked. Yoongi couldn't believe their reaction. That they were happy or surprised wasn't weird, but they resembled teens who found out they were going to meet their idol.'It's Jung Hoseok,' he admitted. 'I was right!' Exclaimed Namjoon. Jin started laughing and clapping his hands. Yoongi was slightly embarrased and slumped on his chair, as if that had any effect. ‘Congratulations! Oh, I’ll have to talk to Hoseok when I see him!’ Declared Jin. Namjoon sat back down on his chair. ‘How did this even happen? I feel like I’ve been very absent during all this,’ he implored. Yoongi sighed, this was the third time he had to explain the story. Despite his lethargy he explained the story, starting from their first conversation through text to their second date and getting caught. He knew he had to be more detailed than when he was with Jimin because Namjoon wasn’t as involved.‘It honestly sounds like something from a romantic drama,’ admitted Namjoon after Yoongi concluded the story. Jin was very surprised that all of the events went right past him. He knew he wasn’t very close with Hoseok and his friends, but he expected himself to pick up on some things at the very least. ‘So, when are you going to do see him again?’ he asked. ‘Tomorrow,’ replied Yoongi, a small smile appeared on his face. Namjoon nodded, taking up every piece of verbal and non verbal information. ‘It’s actually quite fortunate that you’re here,’ he began, ‘I need your help with this one song.’ Yoongi agreed to helping him out, music was always a yes. They started to work diligently, Jin occasionally helping out.-‘See, Hobi, considering our lives are crazily connected through our contacts I was wondering how you got to know Taehyung and Jungkook?’ Asked Yoongi. He had been curious about that for a while. When he found out Hoseok was a year older than Taehyung and two years older than Jungkook he became especially curious. Hoseok nodded and raised his hand, signalling to wait because he was still eating.‘It’s a long story. Tae and I, we’ve been friends for ages. When he was fourteen he moved from a farm to my city. He was my new neighbour. My mum actually asked me to befriend him and guide him, so I made it my mission to be the best one,’ he explained with a smile. Thinking back on his fond memories. ‘Then Jungkookie,’ he continued, ‘I went to university, leaving Tae behind for a year. Luckily only for a year. Anyway, I came here to the big city, finding my way. A guy from uni told me to join the dance group he was in, so I did. There I met him,’ he finished the story. Yoongi nodded. ‘So you haven’t been friends for that long?’ Hoseok shook his head. ‘But that doesn’t matter! He’s a good kid and we love him a lot, despite his mischief.’ Yoongi nodded, taking up the information. Learning little things like this made him happy. Some people liked to gradually get to know people, but Yoongi wasn’t like that. He wanted to know so he directly asked his questions. It was more convenient and easy. Plus there’s no room for miscommunication.‘What about you, Jimin and Namjoon?’ questioned Hoseok. A very straightforward question as well. Yoongi wondered if he did so for similar reasons or because it was the conversation topic right now. ‘Joon and I, we’re both rappers. We met when we were still small and very underground and became friends. The support was nice, even when we grew as musicians we remained close. As for Jimin,’ he stopped and looked as if he was trying to remember something.‘Jimin was a dancer before he got scouted as a model. I met him through some guy I don’t talk to anymore when he was only sixteen. Still baby-faced and small. We didn’t talk much, but when he got scouted he dealt with a lot of stress. I helped him out and after that we became friends. He’s grown a lot,’ Yoongi concluded. Hoseok was staring, ‘He was a dancer?’ Yoongi nodded. ‘You can have his phone number and talk to him if you want?’ Hoseok nodded vigorously.Yoongi looked at his watch, they’d been there for almost an hour. Just talking and eating at some restaurant in the city, he didn’t know it could be this pleasant. The simplicity of each other’s company that made him forget his worries, it wasn’t something he was used to. He always preferred solitude, his own company. ‘Do you want to stay for longer or shall we leave?’ he asked. Hoseok put his cutlery on his plate, showing he was finished. ‘Leave, I guess? Is there anything you still want to do?’Yoongi shook his head, he hadn’t thought of something else. ‘Shall I drive you home?’ he proposed. Hoseok  nodded. ‘That’d be nice, thank you.’Yoongi paid and they left. The car ride was filled with their random chatter and they arrived near the campus in no time. Neither wanted to say bye yet, so Yoongi walked with Hoseok to his dorm. ‘Thank you for the pleasant lunch, I had a great time,’ said Hoseok. ‘No problem, I had fun as well.’ Hoseok beamed. Yoongi pulled him closer. He meant to pull him in a hug, but Hoseok kissed him. Not that he was complaining, he melted into it. Kissing Hoseok was nice, his lips were soft and warm. It always felt right. He hoped Hoseok felt the same.‘Excuse me,’ a voice interrupted. They broke apart, Hoseok flushed. ‘Taehyung! Ah that was-‘ he was interrupted by Yoongi, ‘- a taste of your own medicine’That wasn’t what Hoseok intended to say, but Yoongi was right either way. Taehyung raised his hands in defence. ‘Go on eating each other’s faces, I don’t care.’ Hoseok laughed, ‘We shall, bye hypocrite.’ Yoongi was always a little surprised when Hoseok said something witty like that. It didn’t really fit the rest of him, but he didn’t mind.‘Don’t actually eat my face,’ said Hoseok, his tone very serious. ‘Damn, there go my dinner plans.’-
Jung Hoseok (14:20): Jimin!! It’s Hobi~ Yoongi gave me your number

 Park Jimin (14:22): hello~ 

Jung Hoseok (14:22): I wanted to talk to you about something. Do you have some time right now?

 Park Jimin (14:23): Yes 

Jung Hoseok (14:24): Yoongi told me today that you used to dance. Before you started modelling

 Park Jimin (14:24): That’s correct 

Jung Hoseok (14:25): Would you like to dance again? 

 Park Jimin (14:25): what? 

Jung Hoseok (14:26): I’m a dancer. Jungkook’s a dancer. We’re in a dance group.

Jung Hoseok (14:26): would you like to dance again for some time? With either me, me and kook or with the entire group?

 Park Jimin (14:27): Wow 

 Park Jimin (14:27): I’d love to, but I don’t know if that’s possible 

Jung Hoseok (14:28): It doesn’t have to be for long. Just like 1-2 hours a week for a couple of weeks? Doesn’t have to be every week. 

 Park Jimin (14:28): It’s tempting, I’ll talk to my manager about it. Why are you asking? 

Jung Hoseok (14:28):Two reasons.

Jung Hoseok (14:28): 1. Because the thought of having to give up dance saddens me and I think it’d make you happy

Jung Hoseok (14:29): 2. We were invited to dance at a charity event in three weeks, your fame could come in very handy

 Park Jimin (14:30): Charity? That changes the game. I want to, but  I will have to discuss it with my manager. The fact that charity is involved will come in handy. Publicity for me and all.  

Jung Hoseok (14:30): Perfect. I’ve already kind of asked the other guys, they said that it would be amazing. You are very welcome with us, Jimin

 Park Jimin (14:31): Thank you so much 

Jung Hoseok (14:31): Don’t thank me yet
-Taehyung was leaning against the doorway of Hoseok’s room. ‘Jimin just called me,’ he began. Hoseok looked up from his desk. He was taking notes for a test so he didn’t notice Taehyung was there until he spoke. ‘He told me about your offer,’ he continued. ‘So?’ Hoseok didn’t know what Taehyung was trying to tell him‘You’ve made him very happy, do you know that? He kept stumbling over his words because of his excitement,’ explained Taehyung. Hoseok smiled widely. ‘That’s what I wanted. Hearing he had to stop saddened me so much. As soon as I came home I texted the others about the charity event and Jimin,’ he explained. He was honest when he said it saddened him. Having to stop doing something you love. Having to stop dancing. He didn’t want to think about it too much.‘I really can’t thank you enough. I have never seen him like this, seriously. He reminded me of a puppy,’ said Taehyung. He was smiling too, his eyes gleaming. ‘He’s currently talking to his manager. I think you’ll hear from him in a few minutes,’ he informed. ‘Thank you, Tae.’ Taehyung did finger guns at him then left the room.-
 Park Jimin (15:02): I just talked to my manager 

Jung Hoseok (15:03): and? 

 Park Jimin (15:04): HE SAID IT’S GOOD! I CAN DANCE!!! 

 Park Jimin (15:04): there are some terms & conditions but I can join!!! 

Jung Hoseok (15:05): AAAAAAAAHHH YES IM SO HAPPY :D :D

Jung Hoseok (15:05): tell me the terms?

 Park Jimin (15:05): right 

 Park Jimin (15:07): he wants to meet with you and the person in charge of the group (like a leader?? Don’t know that’s what he said) so you can discuss the times, the event and my schedule and all that. Also regarding my health because I’m not allowed to get injured 

Jung Hoseok (15:08): seems reasonable. Give me his phone number, so we can discuss that meeting. We do have someone who is a ‘leader’ not like an idol group but just the dancer with the most authority. I’ll discuss it with him as well. 

 Park Jimin (15:09): Understood 

 Park Jimin (15:09): I can’t thank you enough 

Jung Hoseok (15:10): you don’t have to thank me 

-
Min Yoongi (15:58): I have been informed you’re the reason why Jimin hasn’t stop literally shining
Jung Hoseok (15:59): ;D
Min Yoongi (15:59): He’s so happyMin Yoongi (16:00):Thank you
Jung Hoseok (16:00): No need to thank me! Jimin will be a great help to us
Min Yoongi (16:01): Are you even humanMin Yoongi (16:02): don’t get me wrongMin Yoongi (16:03): but you bring happiness with you where you go
Jung Hoseok (16:03): You’re exaggerating, but thank you
Min Yoongi (16:04): I am notMin Yoongi (16:04): Should I call you a lazy piece of shit who only depresses people
Jung Hoseok (16:05): Like you?
Min Yoongi (16:06): I’m trying to be romantic here you’re making it difficult
Jung Hoseok (16:06): Sorry sorry please continue
Min Yoongi (16:07): no you’ve ruined it
Jung Hoseok (16:07): :(
Min Yoongi (16:07): anywayMin Yoongi (16:08): Thank you for doing this for him. He’s very happy and happy Jimin is a good Jimin. You did this so incredibly fast as well.
Jung Hoseok (16:08): I told you it’s nothing
Min Yoongi (16:09): one thing I do want to say. He hasn’t completely stop dancing. He’ll occasionally memorize the choreography of a song and dance to that. He just doesn’t like he used to
Jung Hoseok (16:09): that’s a relief

Jung Hoseok (16:09): Getting someone who hasn’t danced in 3 years to suddenly dance to two songs in a span of 3 weeks would be difficult. Despite his skill level.
Min Yoongi (16:10): I seeMin Yoongi (16:11): I have this vid of him dancing. It was two months ago and it’s only one minute long but do you want to see it?
Jung Hoseok (16:11): Yes~
Min Yoongi (16:12):video sent
Jung Hoseok (16:12): video received

Jung Hoseok (16:14): holy shit

Jung Hoseok (16:14): He’s amazing
Min Yoongi (16:15): Yeah
Jung Hoseok (16:15): Perfectly timed, amazing movements. I’m astounded

Jung Hoseok (16:15): gotta send this to everyone else hang on
Min Yoongi (16:16): k
Jung Hoseok (16:17): what’s wrong?
Min Yoongi (16:17): nothing
Jung Hoseok (16:18): Min Yoongi are you jealous?
Min Yoongi (16:18): not at all I’m very happy for Jimin and I’m glad you recognize his skill
Jung Hoseok (16:19): You know I love your tongue technology
Min Yoongi (16:19): That sounded wrong in so many different ways but I accept the compliment
Jung Hoseok (16:20): Don’t be a pervert

Jung Hoseok (16:21): tell Jimin everyone’s excited to meet him and to dance with him
Min Yoongi (16:21): I will. Thank you again
Jung Hoseok (16:22): stop thanking me~
Min Yoongi (16:23): never
Jung Hoseok (16:24):How are your ribs?
Min Yoongi (16:24): Fine thanks, I haven’t had any more of those excruciating pain episodes
Jung Hoseok (16:25): ok good         
Min Yoongi (16:25): You don’t have to keep asking me about it
Jung Hoseok (16:26): As your boyfriend I will 




Chapter End Notes
We’re nearing the end everyone, tired of this fic yet? Happy holidays everyone! Regardless of what/if you’re celebrating, I hope you have a good time! I hope you liked this chapter thank you so much for reading <3


Chapter 14
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






Kim Taehyung (10:10): Yoongi and I have arrived



Jung Hoseok (10:11): Great! You’ve brought your ID’s right? To show the security for your seating?



Kim Taehyung (10:11): Yep! Don’t worry!



Jung Hoseok (10:11): Good. It was so hard to get you two those seats 



Kim Taehyung (10:12): We have them! What time does it start again?



Jung Hoseok (10:12): 10:45, but we perform at 11:30. The event is until 12



Kim Taehyung (10:12): It’s so early -;- I’m excited though! Good luck to all of you



Jung Hoseok (10:13): Thank you


Jung Hoseok (10:13): Getting Jimin to dance was an incredible idea, make sure to kiss him a lot after this



Kim Taehyung (10:13): You think I won’t? I’ve never seen him dance I look forward to it



Jung Hoseok (10:14): please do he worked hard


Jung Hoseok (10:15): Oh I’m being called over, bye Tae! And bye Yoongi, I know you’re reading along from Tae’s phone!



Kim Taehyung (10:15): :’) bye!!


 
Yoongi frowned, ‘How did he guess?’ Taehyung laughed, but didn’t respond to this. ‘Let’s find the seats, do you have your ID ready?’ asked Taehyung. Yoongi nodded. They moved through the people, finding their way to the tribune. These seats were mostly reserved for sponsors and other important people, but Hoseok arranged something so his friends had good seats. Yoongi didn’t know how he did it.
Even though they had good seating, they had to pay entrance. That money went to the charity as well as additional money earned through a supportive audience. Yoongi had forgotten what the charity’s name was and what it was for, but he didn’t care. He was here to watch his boyfriend, supporting charity was only a nice extra.
‘I think this is it,’ mumbled Taehyung. Indeed, there was a security guard standing there by the gate. ‘Excuse me, we’d like to go to our seats.’ ‘Do you have ID’s, else I’m not allowed to let you in.’ They got out their ID’S, a passport in Yoongi’s case, and showed them. The guard nodded. ‘Alright, proceed.
Wait,’ he stopped. ‘Min Yoongi? Suga?’
Yoongi shifted uncomfortable and nodded. ‘Me and my girlfriend are huge fans! Can I get a picture with you? Or an autograph?’ asked the guard excitedly. ‘Yeah sure,’ mumbled Yoongi. Taehyung was staring at him wide eyed, a slight grin on his face. ‘Tae, go on I’ll find you later.’ ‘No, I think I’ll wait for you.’ Yoongi groaned.
The guard pulled out his phone and they took a picture. ‘May I ask why you’re here?’ he asked while pulling out a pen and some paper. ‘Me? Someone I know is performing. And to support a charity,’ he explained. He quickly scribbled on the paper. The man thanked him and told him to enjoy the event. Yoongi dragged Taehyung with him, who was trying his hardest not to burst out laughing. ‘Your face! Someone you know, I better not let Hobi know.’ ‘Let’s just find our seats,’ he grumbled.
-
‘Ready, Jimin?’ asked Hoseok. Jimin nodded. ‘I should be used to attention by now, but I’m nervous! And excited, but also nervous,’ he confessed. Hoseok pulled him into a hug as way of comforting him. Jimin hugged back tightly as if he was drawing strength to battle nerves. They pulled away and were met by a grinning Jungkook who was holding his phone up. ‘Jungkook how sweet of you to take a picture of us!’ exclaimed Hoseok.  ‘What would happen if I send this pic to Tae and Yoongi hyung?’
 ‘They would think we’re cute. Are you trying to cause trouble?’ asked Jimin. Jungkook shook his head vigorously. ‘Our Jungkook is just teasing a little, aren’t you?’ said Hoseok, wrapping around Jungkook’s shoulders. He grinned sheepishly and nodded. Jimin decided to ignore it and left to do some final stretches.
He was sitting on the floor, reaching his toes with his hands when he heard a voice behind him call his name. He stopped and turned. ‘Ah, Taemin Hyung. You startled me.’ ‘Sorry.’ He sat down next to Jimin. ‘I’d like to thank you again for joining us. We have the most sponsors out of all the participants and we managed to raise a lot of money,’ he explained, a warm smile on his face. Jimin hid his face with his hands, shy because of the kind words.
‘There’s no need to thank me. I want to thank all of you for the opportunity,’ he replied. ‘It was Hoseok’s idea, we all just agreed to it. He was so saddened by the idea of having to stop, he’s passionate. You are too, do not stop again,’ he said, his tone stern. ‘I’ll try not to, but it’s difficult. Thank you, Hyung,’ he replied.
Taemin patted him on the back then got up. ‘Now, let’s go and show them something worth remembering.’ Jimin smiled and got up as well. They left towards the place where they had to wait until they had to go up. He could feel the adrenaline raging in his body, the nerves mixed with his happiness.
-
Yoongi felt Taehyung hitting against his arm. ‘It’s their turn Put your phone away,’ he demanded. Yoongi put his phone away. He had been playing games for the majority of time. Taehyung kept saying it was disrespectful towards the performances, but Yoongi didn’t really care. He was here for Jimin, he was here for Hoseok. To support people he cared about.
He looked at the stage and recognized the guy who was standing in the middle from the last performance. He was standing in the middle of the stage, light only on him. He threw his head back and moved his arms up. The music started, his head and arms shot down and he jumped up, eight others emerged from the shadows.
Taehyung was bouncing in his seat. ‘I see Jimin! On the right front corner!’ Yoongi looked and indeed there he was. His eyes widened seeing Jimin’s flawless movements, he knew he was good but he had never seen him like this. His entire body moving in sync with the music and the dancers around him. His eyes quickly scanned the stage to spot Hoseok. It took him mere seconds before he spotted him. While Jimin was in the front, Hoseok was in the back. Yoongi didn’t know why, in his opinion all lights should be on Hoseok.
It was quite difficult to believe that the guy on stage who just did a flip and was now thrusting his hips was the same guy who laughs louder than he screams and is afraid of everything. Yoongi was mesmerized by both. ‘They’re incredible,’ whispered Taehyung. Yoongi nodded, he was paying more attention to the performance. The dancers were changing positions, he recognised Jungkook moving towards Jimin while Hoseok was being approached by a dancer he didn’t know. ‘What are they doing?’ asked Taehyung under his breath. ‘I dunno,’ mumbled Yoongi.
Five dancers, this included Jungkook, had formed a pentagon around the four others who were dancing in the midst of it. The music stopped, the dancers in the pentagon joined hands and crouched down while the dancers in the centre reached up. The lights went off.
‘Jungkook told me they joined with some female dancers for this and that some of their own members wouldn’t participate,’ commented Taehyung. Yoongi turned his head to look at Taehyung and raised his eyebrows at him. ‘Really? I hope the three of them will still be in it, though.’ ‘Me too, I wish Jungkook told me more.’
The lights turned back on, but the stage was empty. After a minute music finally started to play and immediately after that the dancers came on stage. Yoongi quickly scanned the stage and sighed in relief. Jimin and Hoseok were there, but Jungkook unfortunately wasn’t. He quickly counted everyone and concluded there were six men and six women. He hoped this wouldn’t be a couples dance, he might become too jealous if it was.
It wasn’t, despite the song’s lyrics being ‘In the name of love’ everyone danced separately. Though it wasn’t a couples dance, Yoongi could tell there was a sense of unification, a bond. Between the dancers themselves, the dancers and the music, and the dancers and the audience. Yoongi was very impressed by the performance. The dancers moved in sync with an amazing fluidity. He looked at Taehyung and saw his mouth was open and his eyes wide. His expression matched Yoongi’s feelings looking at the performers.
The performance was short, lasting for about one minute. Despite this it was extraordinary and it blew not just Yoongi and Taehyung, but the audience away. When it ended Taehyung took his beret off his head and ran his hands through his hair. ‘That was amazing,’ he said and sighed. Yoongi nodded in agreement. He knew he had to endure more performances he didn’t care about until the end and until he could see Hoseok and Jimin. He sighed and pulled out his phone again. Before resuming to games he decided to text Hoseok.
Min Yoongi (11:40): Hoseok when will we be able to see you?

Jung Hoseok (11:41): Everyone will be on stage at the end after that stay where you are. We, so Jimin and I, asked a staff member if he could escort you backstage

Min Yoongi (11:41): you just keep arranging things

Jung Hoseok (11:42): ah I guess. What’d you think of the performance? :)

Min Yoongi (11:42): I’ll tell you later. Thank you again for doing this for Jimin.

Jung Hoseok (11:43): Sounds ominous. Stop thanking me!! He just pulled me into the tightest hug ever I think you’ve all expressed enough gratitude.

Min Yoongi (11:43): never.
-
All of the dancers as well as  the organizers came on stage. The organizers first spoke and all thanked the sponsors and the audience. Yoongi didn’t really care so he wasn’t paying attention. He started to pay more attention when the microphone was passed to the performers, maybe Hoseok and Jimin would speak.
It was given to a man who introduced himself as Lee Tae-min. ‘Thank you everyone, I’d like to give this to two other dancers here. Jung Hoseok and Park Jimin, come here,’ he said. Finally he saw them, both their expressions showed immense surprise. Hoseok took the microphone. ‘Wow, everyone,’ he started. ‘Thank you so much for all being here. Thank you for supporting us and the charity. I don’t know why Hyung wants me to speak, I’m just a guy who loves dance. I hope you enjoyed this as much as I did,’ he finished, a big smile on his face. He handed the mic to Jimin, who was smiling and flushed.
 ‘Some of you might know this isn’t my usual scene, you’ll find me on a different kind of stage. I used to dance, to be given this opportunity made me very happy. Thank you to the dancers, thank you to the sponsors and thank you to the audience,’ he said quickly then gave the microphone to someone and hid behind Hoseok.
A man tapped Yoongi on the shoulder. ‘Gentlemen, if you’d please follow me. I was requested to escort you.’ Yoongi nodded and tapped Taehyung on his shoulder. They got up and followed the man who led them through the audience passed doors. ‘You’ll be able to meet them here, don’t do anything inappropriate,’ said the man and left.
 ‘Anything inappropriate? Damn, there go my plans of fucking someone on the spot,’ joked Yoongi. Taehyung laughed. ‘You can’t say that we’ll get kicked out,’ he replied, but he was still laughing. He adjusted the beret on his head and moved backwards to the wall. ‘Hyung, maybe it’s better to stand against the well. There are a lot of performers so we don’t want to be in the way,’ advised Taehyung. Yoongi nodded and went to stand next to him.
A lot of performers walked past. Yoongi thought the stream of people would crush him and they barely even touched him. ‘Tae!’ a voice shouted. It was Jimin. Taehyung perked up at the mention of his name and the sound of Jimin’s voice. Jimin pushed through the crowd towards them, dragging Hoseok with him. Hoseok started screaming when he saw them. ‘There’s no room to talk here, follow us to changing rooms,’ said Jimin, pulling Taehyung’s arm. Hoseok grabbed Yoongi’s hand and the four of them left towards the changing room.
Jimin and Hoseok forgot they were sharing the room with seven other people. When they entered and both Yoongi and Taehyung became flustered by the changing men. Taehyung stammered a greeting, Yoongi remained calm but a small blush still appeared on his face. The others treated it like it was most normal thing in the world, happily greeting them. Hoseok had to stop himself from bursting out in laughter. ‘You two can just sit there,’ said Hoseok and waved at some chairs. Just sit there? Thought Yoongi, I’m in a room surrounded by shirtless men, my boyfriend is about to be one of them and you expect me to calmly sit down?
Taehyung kept his head down and obediently sat down. Yoongi felt embarrassed because of him. ‘So who are you two?’ asked one of the guys, Yoongi didn’t know his name. ‘Í’m Min Yoongi, this is Kim Taehyung,’ said Yoongi. He decided that he’d do the talking, Taehyung was still flustered. ‘And why are you here?’ asked another guy, his tone less friendly. Yoongi’s defences immediately went up. ‘We’re certainly not here for you,’ he snapped. The guy raised his eyebrows at him, Yoongi shot him a sly smile. ‘Ah, they’re good friends of us. We wanted to meet them as soon as possible,’ explained Jimin, trying to keep the peace.
The guy nodded and went back to minding his own business. After a while it was only the four of them and Taemin. ‘I know who the two of you are, they asked for my permission,’ he admitted. Yoongi’s defences were still up, he looked at Taemin warily. ‘Don’t worry. I’m going now, Jimin I want to thank you again,’ he said. Jimin opened his mouth, but Taemin cut him off. ‘I know what you’re going to say, don’t. I hope to dance with you again. Hoseok, you were amazing as well. I’m leaving now, bye everyone,’ he said and left.
Finally Yoongi lowered his defences and Taehyung lifted his head. ‘I can’t believe the first thing you do is challenge people,’ teased Hoseok. ‘He was challenging me!’ replied Yoongi indignantly. Jimin was staring at Taehyung who was staring right back at him.
‘You know what? Just kiss each other, I don’t care I can’t handle this tension,’ said Yoongi in annoyance. He regretted it the moment after he said it, because Jimin didn’t hesitate to approach Taehyung quickly and kiss him. Yoongi turned his back towards them and covered his eyes, mumbling something to himself. Hoseok whistled at the sight of them. Taehyung pulled back. ‘Stop teasing us! You pretend like I didn’t walk in on you cuddling on our couch,’ he retorted. Hoseok started to laugh, ‘Alright, we are defeated.’ Yoongi still had his back turned.
‘Look at him,’ laughed Jimin. ‘Yoongi, you ok?’ asked Hoseok, his laughter faded to concern. ‘Yeah, they’re just gross.’ ‘You said it was alright!’ replied Jimin. ‘I regret saying it. How long are we staying here for?’ Yoongi felt very uncomfortable and he didn’t know why. He was probably tired is what he told himself. ‘I wanted to say a few things before leaving,’ said Jimin. ‘Go ahead,’ replied Hoseok.
Jimin cleared his throat. ‘The past few weeks, the practising and this performance, I’ve never had this much fun in a while. Thank you for the opportunity, Hoseok. I know you don’t want me to thank you, but I’m going to anyway’
‘Tae and Yoongi Hyung, the past few months have been great and that’s thanks to you. Dancing today made me realise that. Tae, meeting you and loving you is a gift. Yoongi, having you always support me is invaluable. Thank you all,’ he finished.
Hoseok pulled him into a hug which Taehyung also joined. ‘Ýoongi, come here,’ mumbled Hoseok. Yoongi reluctantly approached them and joined the hug. They stood like that for a minute before breaking the hug. ‘Now let’s go home,’ said Hoseok.
-
Min Yoongi ( 13:05): Hey, I apologise for my mood today.
Min Yoongi (13:05): I didn’t even get to tell you what I thought of your performance

Jung Hoseok (13:06): It’s fine! Is everything alright?

Min Yoongi (13:06): Yeah I’m fine I really don’t know what got to me.

Jung Hoseok (13:07): If you say so


Jung Hoseok (13:07): ah we’ve raised so much money and I’ve had so much fun~

Min Yoongi (13:07): Good job. I was blown away by the performance, you keep astounding me.

Jung Hoseok (13:08): oh~ really?

Min Yoongi (13:08): Yes, no words can describe it. If I had to express it like you do I would be screaming very loudly right now

Jung Hoseok (13:08): Thank you so much <3

Min Yoongi (13:09): are you free tomorrow night

Jung Hoseok (13:10): yeah why?

Min Yoongi (13:10): then I’m picking you up around 8 pm tomorrow ok?

Jung Hoseok (13:11): what are we going to do? I’ve almost been kidnapped before I don’t trust you

Min Yoongi (13:11): I don’t believe that. I wanted to take you to my studio?

Jung Hoseok (13:11): How romantic

Min Yoongi (13:12): You’re right inviting your boyfriend to a dressing room filled with sweaty strangers is so much more romantic

Jung Hoseok (13:12): you had the opportunity to look at me all you wanted

Min Yoongi (13:12): I have morals

Jung Hoseok (13:13): I have to disagree

Min Yoongi (13:13): I’m not taking you anywhere then. 

Jung Hoseok (13:13): oh no I want to go please :(

Min Yoongi (13:14): fine fine
Min Yoongi (13:14): really it’s nothing special don’t worry it’s just an important place to me that I want to show you

Jung Hoseok (13:14): why are we going at night?

Min Yoongi (13:15): It’s calm, no one will be there except us

Jung Hoseok (13:15): Then I’ll see you tomorrow

Min Yoongi (13:15): you’re going?

Jung Hoseok (13:16): I’m gonna take a nap I’m exhausted

Min Yoongi (13:16): sleep well x

Jung Hoseok (13:17): was that an x as in a kiss

Min Yoongi (13:17): yes
Min Yoongi (13:17): no
Min Yoongi (13:17): maybe

Jung Hoseok(13:18): you’re so cute

Min Yoongi (13:18): no I’m not, go to sleep.

Jung Hoseok (13:18): See you tomorrow x

-
‘Tae, I’m leaving! Yoongi’s here!’ Hoseok shouted, hoping he would hear him. He heard him call back something that sounded like ‘OK’ so he left the dorm. When he was outside he quickly spotted Yoongi’s black car. He neared it and entered. They greeted each other.
‘How long will the drive be?’
 ‘From here? About thirty minutes.’
Hoseok nodded. He wondered what the studio would be like, big or small? Yoongi told him he’d show him around, was that all? Not that he didn’t like it, he was just curious. He liked spending with Yoongi, so whatever it is  he would probably like it.
‘Would you mind if I parked the car a little further away from the studio? We could have a little walk,’ said Yoongi. ‘What? Yeah, sure,’ he responded. ‘As long as you make sure no criminals are going to jump out.’
 ‘I’ve been walking around there in the latest hours of the night and never encountered a soul. But who knows,’ he teased. ‘Yoongi I swear if something jumps out I will not hesitate to run away as fast as I can, I hate the dark.’ Hoseok wasn’t joking, he did not like the dark at all. ‘Don’t worry, I’ll protect you.’
Time passed quickly, sometimes they were silent sometimes they talked for a few minutes and made jokes. They arrived, Yoongi parked the car and they exited. The cold air hit their faces. ‘I should have brought a scarf,’ mumbled Yoongi.
Walking through the cold night, the streetlights being the only thing illuminating the darkness made Yoongi feel calm. With Hoseok next to him, their fingers intertwined, he thought he could continue walking forever. Holding hands was his own idea, he said he wanted to because his hands were cold, but that was only one of the reasons. It was dark outside and there weren’t many people around so no one would notice they were holding hands, he esteemed it safe.
They arrived at the building. Yoongi unlocked the door and they entered. ‘How long have you been using this?’ asked Hoseok while looking around.  ‘For two years? I record here and there’s a room with some instruments where I play piano,’ he explained.  Hoseok nodded, still taking in his surroundings.
‘I actually wanted to take you to the instruments room. That’s where I was when you first texted me.’ Hoseok stared at him. ‘Really?’ Yoongi nodded. ‘That’s... Wow, that’s quite special,’ he stammered. Yoongi just shrugged and led him to the room.
Hoseok started to look around again, this time in the music room. He touched various instruments such as a guitar and a flute .While he was busy exploring moved to the piano in the corner. He sat down and started to press some random keys, not really bothering to find a melody. Hearing him play captured Hoseok’s attention so he abandoned the bass he was toying with and approached the piano.
Yoongi stopped playing random keys and actually started to play something. It took a moment before Hoseok recognised it was First Love. Yoongi was very focused on playing, his eyes were almost shot and his head was bowed while his fingers were gliding across the keys. Hoseok was staring at him while listening to the music. ‘I love you,’ he blurted. Yoongi pressed the wrong key and stopped. ‘What?’
‘I love you,’ said Hoseok, softer this time. Yoongi quickly overcame the initial shock and smiled. ‘I love you too.’ Hoseok beamed, it seemed as if he was glowing. ‘Really?’ Yoongi nodded and returned a big smile. Yoongi didn’t feel embarrassed and from looking at Hoseok he concluded he didn’t feel anything bad either.
Hoseok gestured at the piano. ’Can you play something again?’
‘What do you want me to play?’
‘Anything, you play beautifully.’
Yoongi chuckled, ‘Alright. This is kind of a work in progress, I haven’t finished it yet,’ he explained. Hoseok decided to move away and lean against a wall, he didn’t want to be in Yoongi’s space. Besides, he could watch Yoongi better like this. ‘Totally not intimidating to stand there,’ mumbled Yoongi.
He breathed in and started to play. He was aware of Hoseok’s presence, together with his confession it gave him new energy. He felt as if he was one with the piano, with the music. The parts he was still uncertain of and the ones that were incomplete, he continued playing as if they didn’t exist.
Yoongi hit the final key and stopped , his energy and feelings did not fade away like the music did. He looked at Hoseok who was staring at him. ‘Are you ok?’ he asked. ‘That was beautiful.’ Yoongi smiled, the kind words made him happy so he thanked Hoseok.
Yoongi decided Hoseok was too far away. He wanted to be closer to him. The music he played combined with their earlier confessions made him crave a type of intimacy. Yoongi knew Hoseok was awkward when it came to precisely that. He stood up and approached Hoseok, he stood very close to him. ‘Can I kiss you?’ he asked. Hoseok flushed a little and nodded.
Yoongi cupped his cheek with his hand and put his other against the wall and kissed him. At first Hoseok stiffened a little, but then responded by kissing back. He put his arms around Yoongi’s waist and pulled him closer. Yoongi deepened the kiss and touched Hoseok’s lips with his tongue. Hoseok pushed him off.
 ‘What was that? Did you lick me?’ Yoongi laughed, ‘No! How do I put this, I was trying to slide my tongue into your mouth?’ he stammered. Hoseok laughed. ’Will you let me? If you don’t like it we can do something else.’ Hoseok shook his head. ‘I can’t imagine that being pleasurable.’
Yoongi smirked. ‘Is there anything you can imagine?’ Hoseok immediately felt heat rise to his cheeks and shook his head. ‘Let’s just continue what we were doing,’ he stammered. Yoongi shrugged and closed the space between them.
After a while Yoongi decided to try something else. He broke the kiss and moved his lips to Hoseok’s jaw. He started to press soft kisses there. Hoseok didn’t stop him, so he moved to his neck. ‘What are you-‘ Hoseok inhaled sharply. Yoongi smirked against Hoseok’s skin, he found a spot.
He cautiously placed his lips against the spot he previously kissed and sucked. Hoseok was quiet, barely even breathing. Yoongi had never seen him like this, so he decided to suck harder. This time Hoseok let out a small noise. This was all Yoongi needed to continue. He continued until he was sure it would leave a mark. His lips trailed down to Hoseok’s collar bone, alternating between kissing and sucking. ‘Please don’t stop,’ whispered Hoseok, Yoongi barely heard him.
 He had no plans to. He let his lips glide softly on Hoseok’s warm skin. He lifted his head back up and kissed him, harder than they did earlier. ‘Tell me what you want,’ he whispered in between kisses.
Hoseok pushed him off, ‘Really?’ Yoongi frowned, wondering why he pushed him away, was he doing something wrong? He nodded.  ‘I skipped dinner so I’m  hungry,’ he responded. Yoongi sighed, that wasn’t what he meant. ‘Don’t skip meals, idiot. Let’s go grab something to eat then.’
‘Are you done showing me around?’
Yoongi scoffed, he wasn’t. ‘Yeah, unless there’s something you want to see. I only really cared about this room. I don’t think you want to eat a flute, let’s go.’
They left the building, back into the cold night. Yoongi attempted to hold Hoseok’s hand and succeeded. ‘I know a small restaurant about five minutes from here, serves mostly meat. Shall we go there?’ asked Yoongi. ‘I’m starving even if they only served lettuce I would’ve agreed to it,’ he replied.
The restaurant was calm when they arrived, there weren’t many customers. The lady behind the counter greeted Yoongi, using his name. Yoongi greeted her in a similar sense. Hoseok frowned at him, it seemed they knew each other. ‘Sit somewhere, I’ll order something.’ ‘You know her?’ Yoongi nodded, ‘I come here a lot, being a musician makes you hungry.’ Hoseok nodded, deeming the explanation reasonable. He sat down somewhere and waited for Yoongi to order. He was startled when he heard his name being called. He saw Yoongi gestured for him to join them.
‘She wanted to meet you,’ mumbled Yoongi. ‘He always comes alone in the middle of the night! I was just curious who his first company ever was,’ she chattered. Hoseok smiled brightly and introduced himself. They talked and chatted more, much to Yoongi’s annoyance. He just wanted to eat and then have Hoseok to himself again. Perhaps go back to the studio, do things there, privately. Without anyone to disturb them like here.
The woman’s voice disturbed his thoughts. ‘Sorry, what did you say?’ ‘Why haven’t you taken this lovely boy with you before?’ Yoongi shrugged. ‘Talkative as always,’ she retorted. ‘He’s just a little hungry, forgive him.’ The woman smiled. ‘I will. What do you two want anyway? It’s on the house because you’re so lovely,’ she said. Yoongi rolled his eyes. ‘We’ll just have-’ ‘Surprise us,’ interrupted Hoseok. Yoongi decided not to protest, he didn’t care.
Hoseok was eating so fast, Yoongi was surprised he hadn’t chocked yet. He looked ridiculous, stuffing his face with fries and meat. ‘Don’t skip dinner next time,’ he told Hoseok, who ignored him and continued eating. ‘I’ll take you back home after this, unless you want to spend more time with me.’
‘Oh no, I want to go home,’ he said after swallowing some food. ‘Thanks,’ Yoongi replied coldly.
The woman joined them again and asked them how the food was. ‘Look at him and there’s your answer,’ replied Yoongi and gestured to Hoseok, whose mouth was currently so full of food he looked like a hamster. Yoongi couldn’t help but smile. Hoseok looked like an idiot, but he also looked cute. ‘I’m glad to see you are enjoying it,’ she said. Hoseok smiled, his face still stuffed with food.
 Yoongi grinned, ‘You look ridiculous.’ Hoseok raised his eyebrows at him and crossed his arms. ‘I’m not apologising, you look like a hamster.’ Hoseok made a noise that sounded like something between a whine and a groan. ‘Just eat your damn food, Hobi.’
The woman observed them with a smile. ‘You seem married,’ she commented. ‘Maybe in a few years,’ replied Hoseok, who finally swallowed his food. Yoongi choked on his drink and started to cough loudly because of their comments. Hoseok didn’t know whether to worry or to start laughing.
-

Jung Hoseok (22:02): Yoongi


Jung Hoseok (22:02): I just realised something

Min Yoongi (22:03): You love and admire me and you think I’m the greatest ever?
Min Yoongi (22:03): Joking, you forgot your earphones didn’t you?

Jung Hoseok (22:03): How did you know?

Min Yoongi (22:04): Found them in my car
Min Yoongi (22:05): I can come over and drop them off?

Jung Hoseok (22:05): Right now?

Min Yoongi (22:06): yes

Jung Hoseok (22:06): You don’t have to but alright

Min Yoongi (22:07): Be happy you get to spend so much time around me
Min Yoongi (22:07): Besides, I need sunlight don’t I

Jung Hoseok (22:08): What do you mean?

Min Yoongi (22:08): I’m not gonna explain it

Jung Hoseok (22:10): oh! Is it because sunlight contains vitamin d and I’m your boyfriend so like vitamin ‘d’

Min Yoongi (22:10): jesus christ no it isn’t why are you like this

Jung Hoseok (22:10): don’t be vague then!

Min Yoongi (22:11): I’m coming over right now not just to deliver these but also to punch you. I’ll be there in a few
-
‘Thank you so much,’ said Hoseok when he received his earphones. He embraced Yoongi as a way to show gratitude. Yoongi happily accepted the hug. ‘Hoseok,’ he mumbled, trying to get his attention. He hummed in response. ‘Your skin, it’s starting to bruise,’ he said.
Hoseok pulled away, his expression showing confusion. He grabbed his phone, opened the front camera and exposed his neck. ‘We literally did that for like ten minutes, I have lots of classes tomorrow I’m screwed,’ he complained.
‘You’re not screwed, can be arranged though. Just wear a scarf or something with a high collar and you’ll be fine,’ he advised. Hoseok groaned, ‘I’m not going to be alone with you in the same room again.’ ‘We’ll see about that,’ said Yoongi, a small smile on his face. ‘Anyway, I’m leaving,’ he announced.
Hoseok considered asking him to stay for a little bit longer, but he didn’t want to bother Yoongi. Instead he said goodbye, but Yoongi still kissed him much to Hoseok’s happiness.
-
Min Yoongi (23:03): Did you know I haven't seen you in four days
Min Yoongi (23:03): You are neglecting your boyfriend

Jung Hoseok (23:04): Sorry!! Uni!!! Oh that reminds me!!


Jung Hoseok (23:04): I've been thinking about something


Jung Hoseok (23:04): wanna hear?

Min Yoongi (23:05): Always

Jung Hoseok (23:06): So we're all strangely connected through our contacts. My friend (& kook's, tae's) Jin turned out to be your friend Namjoon's boyfriend, Taehyung and Jimin knowing each other


Jung Hoseok (23:07): So wouldn't it be fun if the seven of us just hung out together?

Min Yoongi (23:08): Hmm you're right
Min Yoongi (23:08): that seems like a good idea actually
Min Yoongi (23:09): I have everyone's phone number shall I create a chat?

Jung Hoseok (23:09): shouldn't we think of something to do first? Activities etc

Min Yoongi (23:10): I guess. What did you have in mind?

Jung Hoseok (23:11): If everyone's comfortable with it. A giant sleep over at your apartment? With movies, good food, testosterone, games

Min Yoongi (23:12): 'testosterone'

Jung Hoseok (23:13): Seven guys, Yoongi, s e v e n


Jung Hoseok (23:13) We're all young, we're all going to be around the person we're in love with, we're men

Min Yoongi (23:14): Are you trying to tell me this is going to be an orgy

Jung Hoseok (23:14): No I'm just saying anything can happen

Min Yoongi (23:15): I will kick everyone out if I even see them touch

Jung Hoseok (23:15): Even if it's us?

Min Yoongi (23:15): Nah just tae & jimin and Joon & jin

Jung Hoseok (23:16): Poor Jungkook is gonna be in the middle of all that

Min Yoongi (23:17): what even is his sexuality?

Jung Hoseok (23:18): don't know he never told us

Min Yoongi (23:18): what if he's the only straight

Jung Hoseok (23:19): HAHAH IMAGINE


Jung Hoseok (23:19): The Straight Friend


Jung Hoseok (23:20): Poor Jungkookie

Min Yoongi (23:20): ah ask him
Min Yoongi (23:20): anyway we're getting distracted. Your idea is sleepover w/ food games movies etc? With all seven of us?

Jung Hoseok (23:21): Yep Yep

Min Yoongi (23:21): Creating a chat be right back



Chapter End Notes
Hello! This chapter completely sucks I’m so sorry! I won’t upload the final chapter before the new year, so I’m going to say it now . Happy new year everyone, I wish you all a wonderful 2017! Let’s hope it won’t be as bad as 2016 but even if it does end up being terrible then you can still make it through, don’t worry. Thank you for reading I hope that despite this chapter being terrible you found some sort of enjoyment <3 (also fun fact I already had half of the next chapter written in the notes on my phone BUT I ACCIDENTALLY DELETED IT FUCK MY LIFE AHAHAHAH I WAS QUITE SATISFIED WITH IT AS WELL RIP)


Chapter 15
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Min Yoongi (23:22): Sir Hobi please explain to these unsuspecting citizens why we have placed them in this group

Jung Hoseok (23:22): thank you sir Suga


Jung Hoseok (23:24): so what we were thinking. Our lives are all strangely connected, Jin hyung is mine, Tae’s and jungkook’s friend as well as Namjoon’s boyfriend who is Yoongi and Jimin’s friend. Tae and Jimin met without our interference


Jung Hoseok (23:24): so we thought we’d host a sleepover with the seven of us because we’re all friends of friends 

Min Yoongi (23:25): you keep saying we but it was entirely your idea

Jung Hoseok (23:25): yeah you’re right all you did was complain

Min Yoongi (23:26): you’re not invited anymore

Jung Hoseok (23:26): but I’d miss you too much

Min Yoongi (23:27):damn you’re right. Alright only because it’s you

Kim Namjoon (23:28): 1) can’t believe Min Yoongi is weak for Hoseok 2) seems fun I’m in 

Min Yoongi (23:28): I’m not

Jung Hoseok (23:29): you’re not? we’ll see

Min Yoongi (23:32):Never mind I’m weak

Kim Namjoon (23:32): the hell did he do


Jung Hoseok (23:33): :)


Kim Seokjin (23:34): wanted to see what was going on and Joonie told me to look at my own phone. It seems like a fun idea so sure 

Min Yoongi (23:34): ‘Joonie’

Kim Namjoon (23:34): ‘I’m weak for Hoseok’


Jung Hoseok (23:35): alright so that’s 3 people left

Min Yoongi (23:35): I can hear Jimin snore in his room shall I wake him up?

Jung Hoseok (23:36): no we can wait until tomorrow


 Jeon Jungkook (23:36): me: *is studying* 


 Phone: *blowing up* 


 Me: *stops studying, disturbed* 


 Y’all: *this* 


 Me: *annoyed because I stopped studying* 


 Jeon Jungkook (23:36): if I fail you’re dealing with my mum’s anger not me 

Min Yoongi (23:37): then leave the chat bye bye

Jung Hoseok (23:37): Jungkookie! Are you in?


 Jeon Jungkook (23:38): yes, but it all depends on my grades and my parents approval  


Jung Hoseok (23:39): ah that will be taken into consideration!


Kim Namjoon (23:39): Jeon, we don’t know each other but if you ever need help with any class I’m able to help you


Kim Seokjin (23:40): he was in the top 1% of students at one point did you know


 Jeon Jungkook (23:40): Thank you Hyung I’ll remember it 

Min Yoongi (23:41): Tae and jimin are both asleep

Jung Hoseok (23:41): Yep and I’m going to sleep too! Goodnight everyone!


Kim Namjoon (23:42): Jin and I say goodnight


 Jeon Jungkook (23:43): Night Hobi Hyung 

 

Jung Hoseok (23:44): private chat because I’m not going to say this in the group


Jung Hoseok (23:44): sleep well I love you :)

Min Yoongi (23:45): I love you too
 

 Park Jimin (04:55): what’s this? 


 Park Jimin (04:56): yeah I’m in 

Min Yoongi (04:56): why are you awake?

 Park Jimin (04:56): could ask you the same thing 

Min Yoongi (04:56): I’m always awake during this time of the night

Kim Namjoon (04:57): hypocrite

Min Yoongi (04:57): Seriously go to sleep I can tell you from experience that not getting enough sleep has a bad effect on your health

Kim Namjoon (04:58): ok mum

Min Yoongi (04:58): seriously should I tuck you in

 Park Jimin (04:59): ah I just can’t sleep 

Min Yoongi (04:59): you have to sleep

 Park Jimin (04:59): alright dad 


Kim Namjoon (05:00): I’m gonna go...


 Park Jimin (05:00): You can call him mum but I can’t call him dad? 


Kim Namjoon (05:00): you know why

Min Yoongi (05:01); I’m disowning both of you
 
Yoongi walked out of his dark room into the equally dark hallway, careful not to make a noise. He made his way to Jimin’s room and opened the door, hoping it wouldn’t creak. ‘Jimin?’ he whispered. He heard a noise coming from the left side of the room. Yoongi walked towards it, trying to find Jimin. He quickly realised it wasn’t the smartest way and decided to find a light switch.
He was less careful doing this and stubbed his toe against something, cursing loudly. He found the light switch shortly after. ‘I’m gonna turn on the lights,’ he warned. When he did he saw Jimin crouched in a corner, his knees were pulled up and his face buried in them. Yoongi quickly made his way to him and sat down next to him.
‘What’s wrong? Do you need a hug?’ Jimin nodded so Yoongi threw his arm around him and pulled him close. ‘It’s just stress from work building up,’ mumbled Jimin. He started to sob softly and he burrowed his face in Yoongi’s shoulder. Yoongi knew that when Jimin was upset you should just hold him and let him cry.
 He had learned this through experience, comforting Jimin when he just started modelling and helping him with stress made a bond grow between them. Still the last thing he wanted was remember the amount of times Jimin had collapsed from eating too little and exercising too much.
After a while Jimin stopped crying and got up. He wiped his cheeks and smiled. ‘Thank you,’ he whispered. ‘Is there anything else I can do?’ asked Yoongi. ‘Please, sleep with me? Like we used to?’ Yoongi grinned, ‘Won’t Taehyung be jealous?’ Jimin shook his head. They got into Jimin’s bed. Jimin fell asleep within seconds, Yoongi followed soon after.
 

 Kim Taehyung (07:06): Can’t believe I had to miss out on this 


Jung Hoseok (07:06): you were asleep that’s important too


 Kim Taehyung (07:06): why are you texting me I’m next to you 


Jung Hoseok (07:07): you’re in for the sleepover right?


 Kim Taehyung (07:07): hell yeah 


Kim Seokjin (07:08): do you all want to see a charming picture of sleeping Joon


Kim Seokjin (07:08): picture sent


Jung Hoseok (07:08): AHA CHARMING INDEED


 Kim Taehyung (07:09): still can’t believe I’m in a group chat with actual Suga and actual Rap Monster 


Jung Hoseok (07:09): they’re a lot less impressive like this 


Kim Seokjin (07:10): even less impressive as partners


Jung Hoseok (07:10): you understand me


 Kim Taehyung (07:10): why don’t you two date each other 


Jung Hoseok (07:10): Jin Hyung will you accept my undying love for you


Kim Seokjin (07:11): yes, my dearest hobi, I will


 Park Jimin (07:11): don’t let Yoongi read this 


 Kim Taehyung (07:11): JIMIN 


 Park Jimin (07:11): TAEHYUNG  


Kim Seokjin (07:11): SEOKJIN


Jung Hoseok (07:12): HOBI 


 Jeon Jungkook (07:12): I aspire to be loved like jin hyung and hobi hyung love themselves 


 Park Jimin (07:12): that’s an impossibly high standard 


 Kim Taehyung (07:12): you’d have to be God to achieve that level of admiration 


 Jeon Jungkook (07:12): goal set 


Jung Hoseok (07:13): pass your classes first


 Kim Taehyung (07:13): speaking of class Hobi and I have to go to ours 


Jung Hoseok (07:14): Bye bye


 Park Jimin (07:14): good luck! 


 Park Jimin (07:16): oh~ do you all want to see a picture of sleeping Yoongi 


 Park Jimin (07:17): picture sent 


Kim Namjoon (07:18): glad I’m not the only one who looks weird when asleep


Kim Seokjin (07:18): no you look cute 


Kim Namjoon (07:18): thanks baby :)


 Park Jimin (07:19): gross 


Kim Seokjin (07:19): WHY ARE JOON AND I THE ONLY ONES BEING ROMANTIC


Kim Seokjin (07:19): YOU’RE ALL JUST TERRIBLE DO YOU KNOW WHAT LOVE IS


 Park Jimin (07:20): did you buy your boyfriend Gucci 


Kim Namjoon (07:20): I did.


 Park Jimin (07:20): damn 


 Park Jimin (07:21): Jungkookie I know you’re online what’s your opinion 


 Jeon Jungkook (07:21): on? 


Kim Namjoon (07:21): the best couple


 Jeon Jungkook (07:21): do I have to? 


 Park Jimin (07:21): yes 


Kim Namjoon (07:21): yes


 Jeon Jungkook (07:22): I pick Yoongi hyung and Hobi hyung because they’re not pressuring me 


Kim Namjoon (07:22):I can’t believe this


 Park Jimin (07:22): this hurts 


Kim Seokjin (07:23): I can’t believe I made us breakfast but we still lost

Min Yoongi (07:23):wha

Kim Namjoon (07:23): there he is, the ungrateful winner

Min Yoongi (07:23): jimin woke me up what are you talking about im gonna read everything
Min Yoongi (07:24): I can’t believe how seriously childish you are but I won so I don’t care

 Jeon Jungkook (07:24): was Jimin being so loud he woke you up? 

Min Yoongi (07:24): nah we slept together

 Jeon Jungkook (07:24):0.o 


Kim Seokjin (07:24): what


Kim Namjoon (07:25): word choice of the year goes to Suga


 Park Jimin (07:25): he didn’t mean sleep together as in sexy time 


Kim Namjoon (07:25): they literally just sleep in the same bed, do that all the time. It almost ruined their careers

Min Yoongi (07:26): we laugh about that now but it literally did

 Jeon Jungkook (07:26): tell us! 


 Park Jimin (07:26): no let’s wait until hobi and tae are here 


 Jeon Jungkook (07:27): Taehyung finishes class at 3 pm and Hobi at 1:45 pm 


 Park Jimin (07:28): that’s unfortunate. I actually have to go. I have a meeting with someone for an actual show. It’s been a while since I’ve done a catwalk so I’m excited 


Kim Namjoon (07:29): Good luck! I’m discussing tour dates this afternoon


Kim Seokjin (07:29): studying for me


 Jeon Jungkook (07:29): I am a lone high school student 


 Park Jimin (07:29): Yoongi fell back asleep can you believe this 


Kim Namjoon (07:30): I think he evolved from sloths

 

Jung Hoseok (13:50): Jungkook?


 Jeon Jungkook (13:50): yes? 


Jung Hoseok (13:50): why are you responding aren’t you in class


 Jeon Jungkook (13:51): ssshhh 


Jung Hoseok (13:51): alright alright. Then I’m gonna ask you something


Jung Hoseok (13:52): Are you ok with this sleepover? Being around people who are a lot older than you, people who are all couples, people who are gay & bi? I know you tend to be very shy and I don’t know what you are and aren’t ok with


 Jeon Jungkook (13:55): ah thank you for asking. I’m comfortable around most of you guys so being shy isn’t really a problem. As for you all being couples, really I’m cool with it as long as you all don’t make out around me that’d be kind of awkward. Why would I have a problem with your sexualities? I really don’t, I don’t even know my own 


Jung Hoseok (13:56): ah that’s a relief~ I do have to ask because it has to be fun for everyone! You don’t know your own?


 Jeon Jungkook (13:56): my own is ??? but I don’t wanna talk about that, I still have class so I’m leaving bye :) 


Jung Hoseok (13:56): bye :)

 

 Kim Taehyung (15:15):I’M HERE AND HOSEOK’S IN HIS ROOM TELL THE STORY PLEASE!! 


 Park Jimin (15:16): alright if Yoongi and Joon are ok with it?  

Min Yoongi (15:16): yeah go ahead and tell him I’ll fill you in when necessary

 Park Jimin (15:20): alright so this was about a year ago. We were having a sleepover at Joon’s because we’re all bro’s, we were all a little tipsy as well as very sleepy. Now Yoongi and I love hugs and cuddling and when Yoongi is sleepy and has lost some control he becomes a little clingy like a koala and his love for skinship shows. So the two of us fell asleep cuddled up, Joon took a picture the next morning and posted it on twitter with an ‘:O’ emoji. Chaos in the media ensues 

Min Yoongi (15:20): chaos in the media ensues is an understatement. The headlines were like ‘Park Jimin homosexual?’ ‘Career threat because of affair with rapper Suga?’ I got about 10 million calls and I had to tell people ‘Jimin and I are just good friends  and we’re both straight’
Min Yoongi (15:21): This is false because I hate Jimin and we all know I’m aggressively bi and he’s a flaming homo

 Kim Taehyung (15:21): oh so thats what all that stuff was about it all makes sense now 


Jung Hoseok (15:22): omg im laughing s bar d how could u guys gav e done this im seirulsy laihing


Jung Hoseok (15:22): also you’re right he is a koala 

Min Yoongi (15:23): no

Jung Hoseok (15:23): then what are you 

Min Yoongi (15:23): something fast and agile. A predator

 Kim Taehyung (15:23): a cat? 

Min Yoongi (15:23): NO

 Kim Taehyung (15:24): I just heard a thud coming from Hoseok’s room hang on 


 Park Jimin (15:24): kitty Yoongi 


 Kim Taehyung (15:24): Hoseok fell off his chair because he was laughing so hard 

Min Yoongi (15:25): stop bullying me this chat was to plan something

Jung Hoseok (15:25): I’m ok I’m ok


Jung Hoseok (15:26): you’re right! Yoongi and I were thinking the Saturday to Sunday two weeks from now

Min Yoongi (15:26): It fits mine, Jimin’s and hobi’s schedule

 Kim Taehyung (15:26):fits mine 


Kim Namjoon (15:27): I see I’m just in time. It fits mine and I’m sure it fits Jin’s as well but I can’t ask 

Min Yoongi (15:27): Wow you’re not together? Aren’t you two attached at the hip

Kim Namjoon (15:28): I feel like a part of me is missing

Min Yoongi (15:28): is it your brains?

Kim Namjoon (15:28): That went missing along with your heart

Min Yoongi (15:28): mine was stolen are you going to blame Jin for your stupidity?

 Park Jimin (15:30): wow 


 Kim Taehyung (15:30): I feel like I just witnessed the greatest battle in history 


Jung Hoseok (15:30): who stole his heart though

Min Yoongi (15:31): an idiot

Jung Hoseok (15:31): but is he a handsome idiot

Min Yoongi (15:31): an incredibly handsome idiot

 Kim Taehyung (15:32): *gags* 


Jung Hoseok (15:32): yoongi no


 Park Jimin (15:33): I know what you’re going to say Hyung don’t you dare 

Min Yoongi (15:33): ...
Min Yoongi (15:33): can’t make any jokes here

 Kim Taehyung (15:33): ?? 


 Park Jimin (15:34): just stay oblivious Tae  


Jung Hoseok (15:34): can’t believe we both knew and stopped him


 Park Jimin (15:34): happens when you’re around him for too long 

Min Yoongi (15:34): Stop! Insulting! Me!           
 

 Jeon Jungkook (20:22): Tae and I are having a discussion and I need your opinions 


 Jeon Jungkook (20:22): the original trilogy is better than the prequels right 


 Kim Taehyung (20:22): IT’S NOT 


 Kim Taehyung (20:23): hobi thinks the original is better too why does no one agree 


Kim Namjoon (20:23): I’ve never seen star wars so I don’t know

Min Yoongi (20:24): Namjoon is an intellectual who doesn’t watch mindless entertainment
Min Yoongi (20:24): I think the original trilogy is better too

 Kim Taehyung (20:25): ugh~ Jimin is my last hope 


 Park Jimin (20:25): yeah I prefer star trek 


 Kim Taehyung (20:25): I love you but WHY 


 Jeon Jungkook (20:25): break up with him 


Kim Namjoon (20:26): wow Jungkook you’re severe

Min Yoongi (20:26): Explain why the prequels are better Taehyung

 Kim Taehyung (20:26): The effects are better!!! Have you seen Anakin before he became darth vader!!  

Min Yoongi (20:27): Yes and I think we can all agree that Han solo is about a million times more attractive

 Kim Taehyung (20:27): Natalie Portman.  

Min Yoongi (20:27):Carrie Fisher.

Kim Namjoon (20:27): I was expecting a discussion about the quality but it’s only about attractiveness. 


 Kim Taehyung (20:28): actors being good looking is important you’re gonna have to watch them for a long time 


 Park Jimin (20:28): so that’s why you like me 


 Kim Taehyung (20:28): no 


 Kim Taehyung (20:29): wait that came out wrong 

Min Yoongi (20:29): stop talking you’re only making it worse for yourself

Jung Hoseok (20:29): hello


Jung Hoseok (20:30):I have to agree han solo in the originals is so.....


Jung Hoseok (20:30):makes me feel gay feelings

Min Yoongi (20:31): me or han

Jung Hoseok (20:31): you


 Park Jimin (20:31): his response was so fast omg 


 Kim Taehyung (20:32): I’d need a few minutes for deciding that 


 Park Jimin (20:32): between han and yoongi? 


 Kim Taehyung (20:32): No between han and you 


 Park Jimin (20:32): I don’t know who he is so I don’t know who I’d pick 

Min Yoongi (20:32): seriously? Come here for a minute

Jung Hoseok (20:33): oh suspense~


 Kim Taehyung (20:33): no he’s probably going for Han I’m not very attractive  


 Park Jimin (20:34): I prefer Tae  


 Kim Taehyung (20:34): what 

Min Yoongi (20:34): I was surprised too

 Park Jimin (20:34): He’s not my type 


Jung Hoseok (20:34): how??


Kim Namjoon (20:35): can you all be quiet Jeon’s been trying to type something for a few minutes now but you all keep interrupting


 Jeon Jungkook (20:35): ah thank you, I was just going to see that the discussion is closed the original trilogy is better 

Min Yoongi (20:36): you all were busy being gay again let the poor boy speak

 Park Jimin (20:36): Gay again? I’m always gay. No breaks. (sorry Kookie~) 


 Kim Taehyung (20:37): I take 2 minute breaks every Sunday 


Jung Hoseok (20:37): oh so that’s what you’re doing, I thought you’re always doing a biology experiment


 Kim Taehyung (20:37): Nope I’m taking a break 

Min Yoongi (20:38): what do you do during breaks are you suddenly straight or something

 Kim Taehyung (20:38): I float in the void charging my power  


 Park Jimin (20:38): the actual gay agenda  

Min Yoongi (20:39): I just have nap breaks

Jung Hoseok (20:39): the bi agenda


Kim Namjoon (20:39): none of this makes sense

Min Yoongi (20:39): resident hetero

Kim Namjoon (20:40): Never      


 Kim Taehyung (20:40): You know what I never expected?? Namjoon hyung having a boyfriend 


Kim Namjoon (20:41): it was supposed to stay that way 


 Park Jimin (20:41): I’m sorry :( you didn’t tell me I wasn’t supposed to tell anyone!! 

Min Yoongi (20:41): In Jimin’s defence you two are so obvious being around you makes me feel like I’m around a newlywed couple or something

Jung Hoseok (20:42):at least it’s us and not like the media


Jung Hoseok (20:42): don’t want a repetition of last year 

Min Yoongi (20:42): I still haven’t recovered and that was Joon’s fault

 Park Jimin (20:42): how do we go from star wars to this? 


 Kim Taehyung (20:43): Han Solo -> gay - > this 


Kim Namjoon (20:45): those in favour of ending this conversation say aye


Kim Namjoon (20:49): I hate all of you. 

 

Kim Seokjin (14:04): everyone!


Kim Seokjin (14:04): So I don’t know if you all want to eat actual food during this sleepover, but I can cook something? There are some recipes I want to try


Kim Namjoon (14:05): I vote yes he’s an amazing cook. Yoongi says yes too


Jung Hoseok (14:05): He’s with you? Tell him I found his batman socks


Kim Namjoon (14:06): He still has those?


Jung Hoseok (14:06): yes it’s so cute~


Jung Hoseok (14:06): and I vote yes too


Kim Seokjin (14:07): Joon you have Ryan pyjama’s 


Kim Namjoon (14:07): Yes they’re really comfortable


Kim Seokjin (14:07): Ok then I’ll gather some recipes! I’m sure no one else opposes it. Do you generally have anything planned? It’s next week already 

Jung Hoseok (14:08): Besides the date and location, nope~ but! Yoongi is coming over tomorrow so we can decide what food we’re going to buy, blankets and pillows, activities and supplies for that

Jung Hoseok (14:09): then we planned to show it to you all, see if you all agree or have other ideas. Possible divide jobs because groceries 


Kim Namjoon (14:09): Seems reasonable 


Kim Seokjin (14:09): ah so you’ve got it all planned out, great! 


Kim Seokjin (14:09): where is everyone even??


Jung Hoseok (14:10): Yoongi is with Joon, Tae is in class, Kook is on a school trip, Jimin has a shoot 


Kim Namjoon (14:10): how are Jeon’s grades?


Jung Hoseok (14:10): ah they’re good~ honestly we tease him but he was only falling behind in English and maths. All A’s except those which neared B’s but don’t worry. 


Kim Namjoon (14:11):  that’s good. Isn’t he graduating this year? 


Jung Hoseok (14:11): he is~ 


Kim Seokjin (14:12): Why are you so interested in him? 


Kim Namjoon (14:12): I care for education it’s nothing else babe


Kim Seokjin (14:13): Alright. 


Kim Namjoon (14:13): Yoongi Hyung’s calling me over, gotta go


Kim Seokjin (14:13): Alright. 


Jung Hoseok (14:13): I should not be laughing 

-
Hoseok got up when he heard a knock on the door. He presumed it was Yoongi as he was coming over today. He didn’t know why he looked forward to seeing him so much, he was here two days ago. He opened the door and indeed, it was Yoongi. ‘You put much effort into looking good,’ Hoseok joked when he saw him. His hair was messy, he was wearing sweatpants and an old striped sweater. ‘Didn’t know you wanted me to model,’ responded Yoongi.
‘My room or the living room?’
 ‘Your room.’
‘My room it is.’
They entered Hoseok’s room, Yoongi immediately laid down on his bed. ‘Sure, get comfortable,’ commented Hoseok, a slight grin on his face. ‘I’ll have you know I’ve been on many beds, none is less comfortable than yours. This is like laying on rock,’ he replied. He moved his body in many ways to try and get comfortable, but to no avail. ‘I’m a broke uni student, keep your standards low.’
 ‘Get a job.’
 ‘We can’t all be rappers.’
Yoongi turned his back to Hoseok and clumsily fumbled with the covers before covering himself with them. He was slightly offended by what Hoseok said. He knew it was his own fault for never truly opening up to Hoseok about his past or his true feelings. He always wanted to, he just didn’t know how to. It seemed like Hoseok had no problem with admitting he has been struggling with an anxiety disorder. Yoongi groaned, right now wasn’t appropriate either.
Hoseok lifted the covers of his head. ‘Do you want to sleep or do you want to plan?’ he asked, oblivious to Yoongi’s thoughts. ‘It’s only 11 am, can I just nap? For one year?’ he mumbled. Hoseok laughed, ‘If you’re going to sleep then what am I supposed to do?’
‘Just sleep with me,’ he suggested, already moving to make space. Hoseok hesitated before sitting down on his bed. ‘Alright, but I’m setting an alarm.’ ‘Set it ten years from now.’ ‘You’re getting two hours.’ Yoongi groaned, but agreed to it.
Hoseok got up to shut the curtains and turn off the lights so the room was dark. It was as if he read Yoongi’s mind, he was about to suggest making it dark. He could sleep anywhere in any circumstances, but darkness was preferred for the best naps. Hoseok slid into the bed next to him. The familiar sweet scent and warmth immediately became stronger.
He turned so he faced Hoseok. Their faces were now inches apart, Hoseok was smiling softly. ‘Hello,’ he whispered. ‘Let’s not have that sleepover, can’t it be just the two of us?’ replied Yoongi, also whispering. Hoseok grinned. ‘Nope, not possible. Go to sleep, you’re losing time.’
Yoongi hated himself for this. Instead of talking he decided to nap. Nap with Hoseok. He didn’t know where his guilt came from. He assumed his feelings for Hoseok, constantly growing, reminded him of other things he used to feel. His struggle to get where he is now. His success was never something he expected, Hoseok was never someone he expected. All his relationships had been meaningless hook-ups, he always thought he’d end up alone.
‘What’re you thinking about,’ murmured Hoseok, half asleep, ‘You’ve already lost like ten sleeping minutes.’ Yoongi groaned. He nuzzled Hoseok’s chest, as if that would help him. Hoseok threw an arm around him, pulling him closer. ‘What’s wrong?’ ‘Can you stop the alarm for a moment?’ Hoseok did as he was asked.
Yoongi rolled away and sat up. ‘There are some things I want to tell you. It’s not negative or bad, don’t worry,’ he explained. Hoseok nodded and sat up, his body language showing hesitation. ‘Sorry, I’m shit at feelings and timing.’ ‘It’s fine, tell me.’
Yoongi sighed. He breathed in and started to talk. ‘Fuck, I really don’t know how to say this. I’ve struggled a lot in my life, struggled to get to the point where I am now. Things you know, things I never told you,’ he stopped and laughed bitterly.
‘Give me time to open up about that. My point is that I never expected to meet someone like you. Someone who carries himself and others like you do, who is always bright and funny as well as intelligent. Someone who makes me really happy, I don’t think I deserve it. Shit, is it too early to say I am in love with you? I think I am,’ he finished his small rant and sighed.
He muttered a few swear words before speaking again. ‘Let’s sleep now.’
‘Idiot, think I’m going to let you sleep after that? I’m in love with you and I’ll give you all the time in the world you need. You make me happy,’ he rambled, he was almost giggling. Yoongi felt a huge weight disappear, as if it boulders were replaced by soft clouds. He didn’t know what to say, but he found he didn’t have to. Hoseok initiated a kiss. It was soft and slow.
‘Can we sleep now? Do I get my full two hours?’ asked Yoongi after breaking the kiss. ‘Fine, you get the two hours, but after that we’re going to plan this.’
They fell asleep shortly after. Yoongi’s back pressed against Hoseok’s chest, completely curled up.

   


 Kim Taehyung (12:01): I CAN’T BELIEVE 


 Kim Taehyung (12:01): I come home right? It’s suspiciously quiet even though I know Hobi hyung and Yoongi hyung should be here 


 Kim Taehyung (12:01): So I enter hobi’s room and look at this 


 Kim Taehyung (12:02): picture sent 


 Kim Taehyung (12:02): WHY DOES THIS KEEP HAPPENING TO ME 


 Park Jimin (12:03): That’s so cute  


 Park Jimin (12:03): Tae come over I want to cuddle     


Kim Namjoon (12:04): They’re supposed to plan 


 Park Jimin (12:04): let them be cute  


 Kim Taehyung (12:05): Namjoon Hyung!! Your new song! 


Kim Namjoon (12:05): yes?


 Kim Taehyung (12:05): It’s beautiful I’m so touched 


Kim Namjoon (12:06): Thank you


 Park Jimin (12:06): I agree it’s good 


 Park Jimin (12:06): You know what’s so funny about that picture Tae sent 


 Park Jimin (12:07): It means Yoongi managed to convince Hoseok to cooperate in his naps. His evil sleeping scheme. Secondly Tae is so far away from them he really learned from last time 


 Kim Taehyung (12:07): I don’t want to get tackled again honestly I feared for my life and I also do not feel like more surprise hospital trips 


Kim Namjoon (12:07): his ribs are completely healed now right?


 Park Jimin (12:07): Yep luckily  


 Kim Taehyung (12:08): It was a very wild day  


 Park Jimin (12:08): anyway are you coming over? I wasn’t joking when I said I wanted to cuddle 


 Kim Taehyung (12:08):I have a thing I really need to finish it’s gonna take me at least 2 hours 


 Park Jimin (12:09): you don’t want to be around them when they wake up  


 Kim Taehyung (12:09): but I do want to be around my distracting boyfriend 


 Park Jimin (12:09): I promise I won’t be distracting  


Kim Namjoon (12:10): just go over Taehyung seeing Jimin desperate like this makes me pity him


 Park Jimin (12:10): Listen to him he’s wisdom itself 


 Kim Taehyung (12:10): fine but if distract me before I finish I will leave 


 Park Jimin (12:10): noted~ see you soon :) 

 
Hoseok woke up before the alarm. He noticed Yoongi was still asleep. He looked adorable and soft when he was asleep, Hoseok was trying his hardest not to squeal. He could stare at him forever. He turned and grabbed his phone, noticing the messages first. He read them quickly, not knowing whether to find it funny or to be offended by what they said. There were 5 minutes before the alarm rings left, so he decided to softly shake Yoongi awake.
Yoongi groaned and mumbled something. ‘They caught us again,’ he whispered. ‘Who? The police?’ Hoseok chuckled softly. ‘No, wake up so I can show you.’ Yoongi opened his eyes and frowned. ‘What time is it?’ He asked, voice raspy because of sleep. ‘A little past one pm, wake up sunshine.’ ‘I don’t want to.’
‘Get your phone and read the group chat messages,’ demanded Hoseok.  ‘And ruin my day? No thanks,’ replied Yoongi, he pressed his face into Hoseok’s pillow and groaned. ‘I’m here, how could it be ruined?’ Yoongi was silent for a few seconds before lifting his head up. ‘Good point.’ He grabbed his phone and read the messages.
‘These little shits,’ grumbled Yoongi and put his phone away. ‘I can’t believe you slept with your phone in your pocket,’ commented Hoseok. ‘Whatever. Now, do you want to plan or maybe do something else?’ asked Yoongi with a smirk. Hoseok stretched and shook his head. ‘I think we should just get it over with, I don’t see what else we should do.’ Yoongi rolled, of course Hoseok didn’t catch on. ‘Then get pen and paper and let’s do this.’

 


Jung Hoseok (14:06): So we hate all of you


Jung Hoseok (14:06): but we’ve planned everything


Jung Hoseok (14:06): none of you are worthy of our effort


Kim Namjoon (14:07):Yoongi give Hoseok his phone back


Jung Hoseok (14:07): fine. 


 Park Jimin (14:07): how was the nap 

Min Yoongi (14:07): amazing thank you

Jung Hoseok (14:09): So!! Regarding space and sleeping places. They have a couch on which one person can sleep, two if you don’t care about personal space. Then we can move furniture and place both Jimin’s and Yoongi’s mattresses on the floor there, two people can sleep on both, so then we have space for 5 people. So if anyone has those inflatable things or is willing to straight up drag mattresses there then that would be great. (just bring your own pillow and blanket)

Min Yoongi (14:11): Jimin and I are just gonna buy a fuck ton of snacks & soda (as well as some beer even though SOMEONE doesn’t agree) feel free to bring your own stuff ( no alcohol sadly). As for Jin wanting to cook, that’s great but bring your own ingredients

 Park Jimin (14:12): I’m cool with it. 


Jung Hoseok (14:14): Tae and I will bring some films and games, kook thou shalt bring overwatch, anyone else is also free to bring games and films. Also I’m bringing jenga 


Kim Namjoon (14:15): seems reasonable. What about time?

Min Yoongi (14:15): around 5 pm

Kim Namjoon (14:15): Jin and I agree to it


Jung Hoseok (14:16): do you live together or something? You’re always together


Kim Namjoon (14:16): he’s in the process of moving in, but officially he lives at your campus


 Park Jimin (14:16): #goals 


Jung Hoseok (14:17): you’re not taking tae away from me


 Park Jimin (14:17): we’ll see about that.  

Min Yoongi (14:17): Jimin do you agree to it or not.

 Park Jimin (14:17): Yes I do! 

Min Yoongi (14:18): then we’re gonna do some grocery shopping soon

 Park Jimin (14:18): oh btw don’t come home. Tae is almost done with his assignment and we want to be alone  

Min Yoongi (14:18): I do not want to know

Jung Hoseok (14:19): have fun! I’ll make sure to keep him occupied :)


Kim Namjoon (14:19): I witnessed this... amazing....


Jung Hoseok (15:10): picture sent


Jung Hoseok (15:10): told you I’d keep him occupied        


Kim Seokjin (15:11): what’s he playing?


Jung Hoseok (15:11): pokemon moon~


Kim Namjoon (15:11): seriously?


Kim Namjoon (15:11): I support this relationship because you keep bringing out new, unexpected sides of Yoongi I’m enjoying it 


Jung Hoseok (15:12): Don’t make fun of him. 


Kim Namjoon (15:12):I’m not, he just seems more like himself lately. 


Kim Namjoon (15:12): I’m not going into a lot of detail


Jung Hoseok (15:13): I feel like I understand what you mean


Jung Hoseok (15:13): anyway I’m playing sun just wanted to update bye bye


Kim Seokjin (15:13): joon never plays games with me


Kim Namjoon (15:14): want to play something now?


Kim Seokjin (15:14): how familiar are you with super Mario bros?


 

Min Yoongi (13:08): Kids, jimin and I are at the store how much booze and pocky do you want

Jung Hoseok (13:09): we all agreed on just some beer and vodka nothing more


 Kim Taehyung (13:09): mr lightweight being boring again 


Jung Hoseok (13:10): I have a video of you dancing shirtless on a table at taemin hyung's party because you were incredibly wasted, be careful

Min Yoongi (13:11): Jimin wants it for science purposes

 Kim Taehyung (13:11): tell him that if he wants to see me shirtless he should just ask 

Min Yoongi (13:12): gay. I'm getting two bottles of vodka because fuck you

Jung Hoseok (13:12): think of the children. Think of Jungkook. Think of the consequences


 Jeon Jungkook (13:13): get as much as you want, I'm not touching it but I will definitely enjoy watching you all be idiots 

Min Yoongi (13:13): he's given permission, I'm going for tequila as well

Jung Hoseok (13:14): Alright some beer, 2 vodka and 1 tequila bottle


Kim Namjoon (13:14): This is not going to end well

Min Yoongi (13:15): Jimin agrees that you're all boring as shit

 Jeon Jungkook (13:15): Oh and please buy a lot of pocky. You're a rapper and he's a model so please buy everything 


 Kim Taehyung (13:15): I agree please buy a lot 


Jung Hoseok (13:15): I think we're gonna consume a ton of it

Min Yoongi (13:16): Picture sent

 Kim Taehyung (13:16): never in my life did I think I'd see Jimin pose with two bottles of vodka in front of so much pocky 


Jung Hoseok (13:17): are you at the kingdom???

Min Yoongi (13:17): They got classic, green tea and strawberry what do y'all want shall we get 10 packets of each it's on jimin

 Jeon Jungkook (13:17): More like a 100 holy shit 


Kim Namjoon (13:18): take their wallets into consideration, they're not that loaded

Min Yoongi (13:18): Everyone agrees?

 Kim Taehyung (13:18): Yeah I think so 

Min Yoongi (13:19): I don't think we can carry this much pocky we are two small men

Kim Namjoon (13:19): I can imagine it please don't die

Min Yoongi (13:19): Omg Jimin's fans have approached us do you think it's ok to ask them for help

 Kim Taehyung (13:19): No. Keep them away from him. 


Jung Hoseok (13:20): Jealous Tae aw~


 Jeon Jungkook (13:20): I really look forward to this sleepover I'm so happy my mom allowed it seriously 


Jung Hoseok (13:20): Don't tell her there's alcohol involved


 Jeon Jungkook (13:20): she thinks it's just with you and Taehyung 


 Kim Taehyung (13:21): really? Bad boy jungkookie~ 


Kim Namjoon (13:21): don't worry we're all responsible adults


Kim Namjoon (13:21): well... Some of us are...


Jung Hoseok (13:22): I am. The most responsible. Adult. Yes.


Jung Hoseok (13:22): Totally. The most.


Kim Namjoon (13:23): I was referring to Yoongi but I suppose you count too


Jung Hoseok (13:23): He is when he has to be


Kim Namjoon (13:23): just you wait


 Kim Taehyung (13:23): Jimin and I aren't even adults 


Kim Namjoon (13:24): fine jin and I are responsible.


 Jeon Jungkook (13:24): I feel so safe 

Min Yoongi (13:30): this has been the weirdest experience of my life
Min Yoongi (13:30): These girls come up to us, I could tell they were trying not to squeal. Jimin of course flashing his smile being all charming and cute and these girls are like 'can we take a selfie?¿ oppa please????' And he's like 'of course loves'

 Kim Taehyung (13:30): he said loves? Uh excuse me 


Jung Hoseok (13:30): Let him finish tae

Min Yoongi (13:31): I'm just awkwardly standing there with my alcohol and some pocky and they're taking pics and talking. Jimin is then like 'Loves could you help me and my friend? We need to help with transporting a lot of pocky' and they IMMEDIATELY obey?!
Min Yoongi (13:32): so we end up with 30 packets of pocky and alcohol, employees and customers looking at us and 2 teenage girls helping us?! We were given a box by an employee for the pocky and they helped us put the pocky in them?!
Min Yoongi (13:33): Jimin is a witch or something these girls immediately agreed to do it

 Kim Taehyung (13:34): he called them loves. 


Jung Hoseok (13:34): Im laughing  why is your life this way

Min Yoongi (13:34): I don't know I'm grateful for whatever witchcraft jimin performed cause I only had to carry 2 bottles of vodka

 Kim Taehyung (13:35): It's not witchcraft should I explain hormones and neurotransmitters to you? Pheromones? Science of attraction? 


Kim Namjoon (13:35): Biology major?


 Kim Taehyung (13:35): yep 


Kim Namjoon (13:35): Nice.


 Kim Taehyung (13:35): yes. Nice. Unlike My Boyfriend calling someone else love 

Min Yoongi (13:36): he says sorry it's part of his job

Jung Hoseok (13:36): I'd be jealous too if you called someone else love

Min Yoongi (13:36): I don't even call you love

Jung Hoseok (13:36): because we don't like pet names. Don't call someone else love either

Min Yoongi (13:36): I would never

 Jeon Jungkook (13:36): As long as you have the pocky everything's fine 

Min Yoongi (13:37): I have to drive now. I'll give jimin my phone

 Kim Taehyung (13:37): I'm not talking to him. 

Min Yoongi (13:37): Babe please it's only because they're fans and we needed it

Jung Hoseok (13:37): Is he really angry

Min Yoongi (13:37): Tae~ please~ You know I love you the most

Kim Namjoon (13:38): It's weird to read that coming from Yoongi's number

Min Yoongi (13:38): What do I have to do to make it up to you

Jung Hoseok (13:38):  It's very weird I feel personally attacked


 Kim Taehyung (13:39): Oh I have an idea 


Kim Namjoon (13:39): Don't say it if it's too explicit for this chat


 Kim Taehyung (13:40): So I saw this advert for a cat cafe.... 


 Kim Taehyung (13:40): can we go there... 

Min Yoongi (13:40): I'll take you anywhere

Jung Hoseok (13:41): this is so cute but I can't fully enjoy it because of the contact name T_T


 Jeon Jungkook (13:41): why doesn't Jimin hyung have his phone then 


Kim Namjoon (13:41): He broke it earlier today


 Kim Taehyung (13:42): that's not true you did hyung 


Kim Namjoon (13:42): It was an ACCIDENT


Jung Hoseok (13:42): what happened??


Kim Namjoon (13:43): Long story short I fell


 Kim Taehyung (13:43): He fell, knocked Jimin's phone out of his hands which landed screen first on the hard floor the screen was completely obliterated and not safe for usage 


 Jeon Jungkook (13:43): h o w 

Min Yoongi (13:44): it's fine accidents happen I'll probably have a brand new one by tomorrow

Kim Namjoon (13:44): he's so calm if someone did that to my phone I would've died


Jung Hoseok (13:44): wild

Min Yoongi (13:44): Tae have you forgiven me?

 Kim Taehyung (13:45): Kind of. 

Min Yoongi (13:45): What else should I do?

Jung Hoseok (13:45): I'm pretty sure a hug will do


 Kim Taehyung (13:45): Don't tell him traitor 


 Jeon Jungkook (13:46): as if it was a secret 


 Kim Taehyung (13:46): My two best friends are traitors 


Kim Namjoon (13:46): My life honestly


 Kim Taehyung (13:46): At least your boyfriend doesn't call others love 


Kim Namjoon (13:47): I'm so lucky to have him


Jung Hoseok (13:47): Where is he?


Kim Namjoon (13:47): He's in class. Beautiful and smart how lucky can one be

Min Yoongi (13:48): Both Yoongi and I say our boyfriends are also beautiful and smart

 Jeon Jungkook (13:48): Do you ever feel really out of place #singlelife 


Jung Hoseok (13:49): aw~ poor kook~

Min Yoongi (13:49): Yoongi wants his phone back don't miss me too much

Kim Namjoon (13:49): won't be a problem

Min Yoongi (13:50): sup homos
Min Yoongi (13:50): We already had a lot of other snacks here so we really only needed those things
Min Yoongi (13:50): If you need anything else you can buy it yourself

Jung Hoseok (13:51): I need your love~

Min Yoongi (13:51): that's free for you

 Jeon Jungkook (13:51): I think my life span just decreased with 10 years 


Kim Namjoon (13:52): same


Jung Hoseok (13:52): good thing we were just imitating you all

Min Yoongi (13:52): clearly we were convincing

 Kim Taehyung (13:52): That hurt 

Min Yoongi (13:53): it's gonna be hard for us to keep our hands off all the stuff for the coming three days

Jung Hoseok (13:53): good luck~


Kim Namjoon (13:53): if you eat everything just buy it all again


 Kim Taehyung (13:53): I understand the temptation 

 Jeon Jungkook (13:54): spare the pocky :(  

   


Jung Hoseok (22:30): TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW


 Kim Taehyung (22:30): TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW 


 Park Jimin (22:30): TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW 


Kim Seokjin (22:30): TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW


Jung Hoseok (22:31): I look forward to it!!!

Min Yoongi (22:31): If you're all gonna be screaming by then just know that this is cancelled

 Park Jimin (22:31): Someone keeps forgetting he doesn't live alone 


 Kim Taehyung (22:31): Park Jimin our saviour 


 Park Jimin (22:32): I will fight for justice 

Min Yoongi (22:32): You intend to battle me?

 Park Jimin (22:32): I will if it is for justice 


Jung Hoseok (22:33): Jimin would win

Min Yoongi (22:33): you're supposed to support me

Jung Hoseok (22:33): I've seen Jimin's muscles. I haven't seen yours for the simple reason that they don't exist


 Kim Taehyung (22:34): oooOOOOH 


 Kim Namjoon (22:34): Never in my life did I think I'd witness something like this 

Min Yoongi (22:34): I don't deserve this

Kim Namjoon (22:34): actually..

Min Yoongi (22:34): Shut up

Jung Hoseok (22:35): You know I love you~


Kim Seokjin (22:38): He hasn't responded yet this is suspenseful


 Park Jimin (22:38): it's even funnier when you're with him he literally put his phone on the coffee table and is now sitting with his knees against his chest and pouting 


 Kim Taehyung (22:39): please... A picture.... 


 Park Jimin (22:39): Picture sent 


Kim Namjoon (22:40): Wow....


Jung Hoseok (22:40): I feel so bad now look at him


Kim Seokjin (22:40): I feel like he probably could've said something back but didn't want to hurt Hoseok


 Park Jimin (22:41): Probably he always knows what to say back 


Jung Hoseok (22:41): please tell him I'm sorry


 Park Jimin (22:41): he says that you're not invited 


Jung Hoseok (22:41): tell him I need to be there because being around him makes me happy

Min Yoongi (22:42): sup homos

Kim Namjoon (22:42): unbelievable


 Kim Taehyung (22:43): can we go back to being excited about tomorrow 


Kim Seokjin (22:43): TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW


 Jeon Jungkook (22:43): TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW 


 Kim Taehyung (22:43): TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW 


Jung Hoseok (22:44): the real question is did the pocky survive


 Park Jimin (22:44): it did! We didn't touch it! 


 Jeon Jungkook (22:44): good! 


Kim Namjoon (22:44): Tomorrow will become today soon and today will turn yesterday


Jung Hoseok (22:44): live for the moment~ :)


Kim Seokjin (22:44): that philosophy class really stuck with you didn't it?


Jung Hoseok (22:44): it did I'll never forget my french bf sartre <3


Kim Seokjin (22:45): nietzsche <3


Jung Hoseok (22:45): descartes <3


Kim Seokjin (22:46): rousseau was cute for an ancient french philosopher

Min Yoongi (22:47): can't believe Joon is being replaced with a guy who's been dead for like 500 years

Kim Namjoon (22:47): we're both losing here


Jung Hoseok (22:47): my life advice to you is to never take european philosophy classes it's weird


Kim Seokjin (22:48): it really is there's something seriously wrong with someone of them


Jung Hoseok (22:48): freud?


Kim Seokjin (22:48): freud.


 Kim Taehyung (22:48): I feel like I'm missing out on something 


Jung Hoseok (22:49): you'll only understand if you listen to someone talk about freud's kinky theories at 8 am


 Park Jimin (22:49): can't believe that's what your boyfriend is into, good luck satisfying him Yoongi 

Min Yoongi (22:49): wtf Jimin keep your nasty tiny hands off my relationship

Jung Hoseok (22:50): to be honest it did the completely opposite of turning me on


Kim Seokjin (22:50): same I just felt tired and annoyed as well as a little giggly


Jung Hoseok (22:50): can't believe we both passed it


Kim Seokjin (22:51): I almost didn't because that question about freud almost made me laugh really hard


Jung Hoseok (22:51): omg I know what one


Jung Hoseok (22:51): I can't believe they included a DRAWING


Kim Namjoon (22:52): I have no idea what you two are talking about


 Jeon Jungkook (22:52): I don't want to know 


 Kim Taehyung (22:52): I do 


Jung Hoseok (22:53): you're too young and pure to know about freud


 Park Jimin (22:53): yes. Definitely. Totally agreed. 


Jung Hoseok (22:53): you defiled my little Tae????


Jung Hoseok (22:54): I'm fighting you tomorrow

Min Yoongi (22:54): If you think I can't beat him then neither can you

Jung Hoseok (22:54): You haven't seen my muscles you don't know

Min Yoongi (22:55): I haven't been able to because someone doesn't catch on when I'm initiating something

Kim Namjoon (22:55): please keep your boring sex lives to yourself there are children present


 Jeon Jungkook (22:55): I'm fine just really close to throwing up 


 Kim Taehyung (22:55): I apologise on their behalves 


Jung Hoseok (22:56): I'm sorry Jungkook~ I don't know what's wrong with them


 Park Jimin (22:56): :) 

Min Yoongi (22:56): and thus we end this terrible conversation. Goodnight.

Kim Namjoon (22:57): a truly wise decision.


 Kim Taehyung (22:57): until tomorrow everyone!!! 


Kim Seokjin (22:57): yes :D

Park Jimin (22:57): I look forward to it everyone! Goodnight!


Kim Taehyung (22:58): Jimin~

 Kim Taehyung (22:58): did you really have to say that?? 


 Kim Taehyung (22:58): I swear I think hobi hyung will come over and give me 'the talk' or something 


 Park Jimin (22:59): sorry couldn't help myself 


Kim Taehyung (22:59): you're a pervert


 Park Jimin (22:59): ouch :( 


 Kim Taehyung (23:00): I never expected it because you look and act really cute and you're so small but you have a filthy, filthy mind 


 Park Jimin (23:00): I honestly can't tell if you're sexting me or insulting me 


 Kim Taehyung (23:00): Insulting you 


 Park Jimin (23:01): shame. 


 Kim Taehyung (23:01): I'm going to sleep now 


 Kim Taehyung (23:01): I look forward to seeing you tomorrow! Goodnight~ 



Park Jimin (23:02): so do I, can't wait! Sleep well~


 
Min Yoongi (23:00): Hobi
Min Yoongi (23:00): Will you help me set things up tomorrow? Jimin won't be home until 5:30 pm so I could use some help

Jung Hoseok (23:01): of course!! What time do you want me to be there?

Min Yoongi (23:01): 2 pm?

Jung Hoseok (23:02): Do we need that much time?

Min Yoongi (23:02): I also want to be with you before those idiots arrive

Jung Hoseok (23:02): Ah I see


Jung Hoseok (23:03): I'll be there~ goodnight!

Min Yoongi (23:03): night



Chapter End Notes
As you might see this isn’t the last chapter, I decided to split what was originally going to be the last chapter in two because it became too long. So this is a bridge chapter to the final chapter. It will really be the end unless anyone thinks I should add something else, do tell me please. Also I finally thought of an appropriate title, after 15 damned chapters. Too late to change it now, right? I hope you enjoyed this chapter, thank you so much for reading <3


Chapter 16
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




 
Yoongi fell down on the couch, exhausted from the labour. Moving furniture and placing mattresses had proven to be harder than expected. It had taken them over an hour just to place the coffee table somewhere else, move the couch backwards and place two mattresses between the tv and the couch. Hoseok sat down next to him. ’We still have to get the food and drinks,’ he reminded him. Yoongi groaned. ‘Give me a five minute break,’ he pleaded.
Hoseok chuckled and shook his head. ‘The sooner we get this done, the better. If we finish quickly we still have some alone time,’ he said, trying to provoke Yoongi. It worked. Yoongi immediately sat up. ‘Let’s get this done as soon as possible.’
-
Taehyung and Jungkook were the first to arrive. Jungkook explained his father dropped him off at the dorm because his parents were under the assumption the sleepover was with the three of them. They then took a bus to Yoongi’s and Jimin’s place. Taehyung was a little sad Jimin was still working, but Jungkook proposed to play Overwatch so his sadness was quickly forgotten.
‘Are they always so loud when they’re playing a game?’ asked Yoongi, tone hushed so the two boys wouldn’t hear. Hoseok nodded. ‘It’s hilarious. They’re often louder than they are right now. I honestly don’t know what’s so special about this game,’ replied Hoseok. Yoongi didn’t have the chance to say something else as there was a knock on the door. When he opened it he was met by a slightly dishevelled Jimin. ‘I came as fast as I could,’ he panted. Yoongi just stepped aside, allowing Jimin to enter. He greeted everyone and rushed to his room.
When he returned he exchanged his formal clothing for loose ripped jeans and a black jumper. He had removed his makeup and hair products altogether. ‘Unbelievable,’ mumbled Yoongi. Hoseok was amused by Jimin’s transformation. Meanwhile Jimin had found his place next to Taehyung. He was trying to distract him from the game, but it wasn’t very effective. Hoseok grinned at the sight. ‘They’re such dorks,’ he said to Yoongi, ‘Have you heard anything from Namjoon and Jin Hyung?’ Yoongi shook his head. ‘I texted them, but no response. Joon has a habit of being late, don’t worry too much.’
In the end they arrived at 5:35 pm. Yoongi demanded an explanation for their tardiness. However, Hoseok convinced him to let it be and just be happy everyone’s here. Yoongi listened to him, much to Namjoon’s surprise.
Yoongi clapped his hands. ‘If everyone could come here and turn off that game, we gotta talk,’ he announced and sat down on the couch. Namjoon grinned. ’You haven’t prepared this at all, have you?’ Yoongi ignored him. Jungkook stopped the game and the three of them turned to Yoongi. ‘I was just going to give the word to Hoseok, I need to know when I can drink,’ he said, a slight grin on his face. ‘I’m a serial sleepover host, he didn’t have a social life until today. There’s not much to it, we just have a bunch of fun activities prepared and you guys are allowed to choose,’ he explained. ‘Like?’ asked Jin.
Hoseok named them. He named various films, games as well as eating. Hoseok also reminded Yoongi that they weren’t allowed to touch the alcohol until 9 pm. ‘How about we play a game of Jenga to begin with? Just to get comfortable and start things up,’ suggested Taehyung. ‘That’s a good idea! Then after that we can prepare dinner?’ replied Jin. Everyone seemed to agree, so Hoseok prepared the Jenga.
Before the game started Jimin spoke up. ‘I think there should be a punishment for the person who makes it fall.’ ‘What do you suggest?’ asked Namjoon. Jimin thought for a minute. ‘They have to kiss someone and that person isn’t allowed to be their boyfriend.’ ‘That’s punishment for two people!’ retorted Yoongi. ‘Do you have any better ideas?’ he shot back. Yoongi shrugged, but didn’t respond. No one else suggested anything either.
Yoongi put Holly in his room so he didn’t disturb the game. The first move was made by Namjoon, who didn’t immediately make the tower fall. After that was Jin, who showed skill by casually flicking and taking out a piece.
The tower became increasingly unstable and their shouts grew louder along with it. ‘This is so bad for my anxiety,’ mumbled Hoseok as he carefully took out another piece. Yoongi followed afterwards, almost making it fall. ‘I’m not in your situation, but I can see why,’ he replied after he finally took one out. The shouts of the others every time the tower threatened to fall annoyed him, yet when it was anyone else’s turn he joined the shouting.
Yoongi was convinced it would be Namjoon, but it was Jimin who made it collapse. ‘Regret your idea now, don’t you?’ Teased Namjoon. Jimin shook his head. ‘Not at all, I love kisses. Now, who shall be my victim?’ He looked around, eyes flicking over the five other guys. Taehyung sat with his arms crossed, Yoongi pointed it out causing everyone to laugh.
 ‘Suga hyung, would you like to kiss me?’ Yoongi immediately stopped laughing. ‘What? No!’ he started to protest. ‘Hoseok! Say something!’ Hoseok just laughed harder. ‘Hold him back so I can kiss him!’ demanded Jimin. Hoseok immediately reached for Yoongi’s arms. Jungkook helped him and together they held a squirming Yoongi in place. Everyone was yelling and laughing, except for Yoongi who was trying to break free.
Jimin cupped Yoongi’s cheeks and kissed him hard. ‘That’s not even a peck!’ Yelled Jin. Jimin pulled away laughing, Yoongi looked shocked. They let him go and he fell down on the floor. ‘Please give me some alcohol,’ he muttered. Jimin returned to his seat next to Taehyung who immediately wrapped a protective arm around him. ‘That was a terrible end to a fun game,’ he told him. Jimin laughed and apologised.
‘It hasn’t been an hour and people are already making out,’ commented Namjoon. ‘Without consent,’ replied Yoongi. Jungkook, who had been very quiet during Jenga, suddenly spoke up. ‘We can play another game and you can get your revenge.’ Yoongi grinned at the suggestion. ‘That’s a good idea.’
‘Another game or still Jenga?’ implored Hoseok .Both he and Taehyung were familiar with Jungkook’s mischief so they feared his ideas. Jungkook shrugged, ‘That’s up to Yoongi Hyung.’ Yoongi seemed to be in thought, probably thinking about his revenge. ‘Jimin, come here for a second,’ he said and beckoned him to come closer. Jimin hesitated, but obeyed. Yoongi whispered something in his ear. Jimin’s expression showed shock. ‘What’d he say?’ asked Namjoon. They all frowned watching Yoongi’s and Jimin’s interaction. ‘You’ll see,’ said Yoongi, a smirk on his face.
‘I’m honestly terrified,’ said Hoseok. ‘Me too. Shall I start cooking?’ asked Jin, diverting their attention from the interaction they just witnessed. Taehyung jumped up. ‘’Please! I’m starving! What’re you going to make?’ ‘That’s a surprise, will anyone help?’ Namjoon offered help. Jin and Yoongi said no at the exact same time, knowing that would end up in a disaster. Eventually Jin, Jimin and Hoseok were in charge of cooking.
‘Where should I put the food once it’s done?’ asked Jin. ‘Oh! I have an idea! How about we eat while watching a movie?’ Suggested Jimin. ‘There’s no table here,’ remarked Namjoon. Yoongi shrugged, ‘We can just hold the plates and bowls and sit on the couch and mattresses.’ Jimin smiled and left the kitchen to get some DVD’s. ‘Who even has those these days,’ muttered Jungkook. Jimin ignored him and grabbed one. ‘How about the exorcist?’ he suggested with a sweet smile.
 ‘You want to watch one of the scariest movies ever made at 7 during dinner? Jimin what the fuck is wrong with you,’ retorted Yoongi. ‘Who thinks we should watch it?’ Everyone except for Yoongi thinking it’s a bad idea agreed to it.  Even Jin and Hoseok, who hated Horror, agreed to it.
So they settled with the food, Yoongi, Hoseok and Jungkook on the couch and everyone else on the mattresses. ‘Are you really alright with this?’ whispered Yoongi to Hoseok, he was a little concerned. Hoseok nodded. ‘I don’t want to ruin anyone’s fun. If it gets too scary I can look away.’ Yoongi decided to accept this response, but he was still worried.
The last thing Yoongi expected was to not have only Hoseok hiding behind him, but also Jungkook. While he was pretty much unaffected by the events of the movie and the others seemed to handle the horror well, Jungkook and Hoseok were terrified. He knew he wasn’t particularly big, how they had found protection behind him was a mystery. ‘Look at them!’ said Jimin, gesturing to the couch when he turned around and noticed. The four boys laughed at the sight. Yoongi flipped them off, ‘They’re scared, let them be.’ ‘I’m scared too,’ replied Jin and showed he and Namjoon were holding hands. ‘I’m not,’ said Taehyung. Jimin shoved him. ‘Liar, I can feel how tense you are.’
‘Shall I turn off the movie then?  Asked Yoongi. ‘Please,’ whimpered Jungkook, his voice muffled. No one protested, so he turned it off. He didn’t care, he always remained unaffected by horror and he had watched the exorcist more times than he could kind. ‘I feel like I can finally breathe again,’ said Hoseok. Jungkook hummed in agreement. Yoongi looked at his watch and cursed. ‘I endured all of that, I endured kissing Park Jimin and I’m not even allowed alcohol yet.’ ‘What time is it?’ asked Namjoon. ‘It’s almost eight pm. Hobi, please, I need my sweet tequila,’ he pleaded. Hoseok refused, telling him he had to wait.
‘Why do you need his approval?’ asked Jungkook. ‘Cause he’s whipped,’ replied Jin, laughing hard. Namjoon laughed with him and they high fived. ‘Don’t mind them, Yoongi just doesn’t have self control,’ responded Jimin, rolling his eyes at the other two.
Hoseok jumped on the couch. ‘What now? Another movie? A game?’ ‘What do we have?’ asked Taehyung while munching on some Pocky. Hoseok named  a few movies and games, Yoongi occasionally filled him in.
‘I want to play Just Dance,’ said Jimin. Namjoon and Seokjin groaned simultaneously. ‘We can’t dance! My highest score is three stars!’ Complained Jin. ‘I’m a dancer and I’m terrible at it too,’ replied Hoseok, attempting to convince them. ‘Yoongi is incredible at it,’ commented Jimin. Yoongi shook his head. ‘No no no, I’m not.’ ‘Those in favour of playing Just Dance raise your hands!’ said Taehyung. Jin and Namjoon were the only ones who didn’t raise their hands. With the majority agreeing, they decided to play the game.
‘Which one is it?’ asked Jungkook when Yoongi was setting it up. Jimin informed him that it was the fourth one. Scrolling through the playlist Taehyung noticed a particular song. ‘Rick Astley! Yes, my favourite meme!’ he exclaimed, ‘Can I dance to that one?’ No one objected so he grabbed a remote and started.
When the music started Hoseok perked up. ‘I remember this! Didn’t you trick me with this once?’ Jungkook cracked up and Taehyung had to hold his own laughter in because he was dancing. ‘I’m too old to understand these jokes,’ mumbled Jin.
Taehyung finished the dance with almost five stars, finally he was able to burst out laughing. They continued scrolling through the playlist. Jimin pointed at the screen. ‘One direction! I want to dance to that!’ Yoongi groaned, of course that’s Jimin’s suggestion. Hoseok and Jungkook joined him, they needed a fourth. Taehyung wanted someone else to dance. Jin sacrificed himself, earning cheers.
Yoongi discovered two things during their performance. The first was that he never wanted to hear What makes you beautiful ever again. The second was that he never wanted to see them dance to it again, or anyone for that matter. Still, he was laughing and so were the others. Jungkook ended with the highest score, Jimin with the lowest. Jin was very surprised that he didn’t end up last.
‘I think Namjoon and Yoongi have to dance,’ suggested Hoseok. Both men immediately protested. Despite their reluctance, they ended up dancing to The Final countdown while everyone else cheered and sang along. Yoongi showed his skill by getting five stars, Namjoon ended with almost four.
‘Í spotted something a little to the left,’ Hoseok pointed out. It was a Jennifer Lopez song.  ‘Hobi! We all know you’re the best with female songs, show us!’ said Taehyung excitedly. Hoseok stood up and accepted a remote. ‘Let me show you how it’s done everyone,’ he said and selected the song.
He heavily exaggerated the moves while dancing, the cheering of the others only motivating him to continue. Yoongi was laughing a lot, but on the inside he was praying despite being an atheist. He knew Hoseok was exaggerating and joking, but he still looked so good. Yoongi didn’t know what he did in a previous life for him to be punished like this. Hoseok finished the dance, his serious act immediately disappearing when he started to laugh loudly.
Yoongi didn’t really care anymore, he had already been through so much. He pulled Hoseok towards him and placed him on his lap. Hoseok didn’t say anything, he just laughed while the others were howling. Yoongi ignored them completely.
A few other dances passed. Such as Jimin and Jungkook dancing to Beauty and a Beat and Taehyung and Namjoon dancing to Istanbul. Hoseok wanted to join Jimin, Taehyung and Jungkook when they decided to dance to Oops I did it again, but Yoongi didn’t agree to it so Jin danced instead
‘I think Hobi and Yoongi should do a couple dance,’ suggested Jin, a small smile on his face. The others agreed. It had been Jimin who suggested The time of my life. Hoseok immediately agreed to it and after some pleading Yoongi agreed to it as well.
They stood up and accepted the remotes. ‘Do you want to be the guy or the girl?’ asked Hoseok. ‘I think you’ve proven to be better at female parts, so I’ll be the guy’ replied Yoongi. Hoseok laughed and shortly after they got into position.
They weren’t dancing seriously and Yoongi almost dropped Hoseok when he had to dip him.  They were both laughing the entire time while the others were cheering them on. ‘I can’t lift you up!’ yelled Yoongi when they saw that was an assigned move.
When they finished they were out of breath, but both smiling. The other boys were cheering at their dance and both of them reaching five stars. Yoongi collapsed on the mattress. ‘I hate this game,’ he mumbled. Hoseok laughed, ‘Don’t lie, you loved it.’ Yoongi groaned in response. He then grabbed his phone and looked at the time. ‘It’s 9 pm!’ he cheered and stood back up. He climbed over the couch and over the boys who were sitting on it and went to find the beer crate they had bought.
Finally he grabbed a bottle of beer out of the crate and started drinking. ‘I can’t believe you,’ said Hoseok, but he was laughing. ‘This is quite tame and I deserve it,’ he responded and took another sip. ‘Give me a bottle too,’ demanded Namjoon. Yoongi pointed to the beer and told him to get it himself. Namjoon complained, but got it anyway. ‘I’m not touching anything,’ stated Hoseok. ‘You’re no fun,’ retorted Yoongi. ‘I don’t need alcohol to be fun.’
With the exception of Hoseok and Jungkook, everyone had some beer and the crate was almost empty after an hour. ‘I’m going to regret this tomorrow,’ said Taehyung as he took another sip. ‘We haven’t even started the good stuff yet,’ replied Jimin, he shot Yoongi a look. Yoongi grinned at him. ‘Try playing just dance now,’ said Namjoon. ‘I can’t even get past three stars when I’m sober,’ whined Jin.
Jungkook and Hoseok were watching their friends, not joining their comversation. ‘Are they aware the alcohol concentration in that beer isn’t that high?’ asked Jungkook, his voice lowered because he didn’t want them to hear. Hoseok grinned, ‘I don’t know, I think they’re all dramatic lightweights.’ Jungkook chuckled and nodded. He was aware they would have fun once they were drunk, but Hoseok and Jungkook would be the real winners. ‘Can we film and take pictures when they’re properly drunk?’ he asked. Hoseok pushed him lightly. ‘You’re terrible. I give you permission to do so,’ he answered. Jungkook grinned, mischief gleaming in his eyes.
Meanwhile Jimin and Taehyung had started playing Just Dance again. Their movements had become clumsy and they weren’t scoring a lot of points, but they were laughing loudly. ‘Oh my God you have to dip me! Quick!’ yelled Jimin. Taehyung’s response wasn’t fast enough and Jimin slipped from his arms and fell on the mattresses, both giggling. ‘We’re redoing that!’ he demanded as he got up. ‘But the song!’ ‘Dip me again, Taehyung.’
Taehyung obeyed. It was successful this time, but still messy. Jimin leaned in to kiss Taehyung, but Yoongi noticed and threw a cap at them. ‘None of that here,’ he scolded. He put a bottle on the table then went to get some glasses. When he gathered everything he beckoned for Jimin to come over. ‘I challenged Jimin here to a little game. Jungkook’s revenge plan or whatever, but I’m sure I’ll win,’ he explained. Yoongi showed no signs of alcohol consumption, much to everyone’s surprise. It was him and Namjoon who drank a similar amount, yet Namjoon was visibly a little tipsy.
‘What game?’ asked Jin. Yoongi grinned, ‘Nothing bad. It’s a simple game and we’ve done it plenty of times. Right, Jiminie?’ Jimin nodded. ‘Never once won,’ he grumbled. Taehyung flung an arm around his shoulder. ‘I believe in you,’ he said, a wide smile on his face. ‘What game is it? Just shots?’ asked Jin, investigating the cups. Yoongi nodded. ’We downs them the fastest. Except because I want my revenge, if Jimin loses he’s not allowed to even touch Taehyung for the coming two hours,’ he explained.
‘What if they touch? What if you lose?’ asked Namjoon sceptically. ‘We’ll lock him in his room or something. If I lose I won’t touch Hoseok, but I doubt I’ll lose.’ Taehyung started to whine and complain, saying it wasn’t fair to him. Jungkook and Hoseok were watching the scene quietly, anticipating the outcome. ’Honestly I don’t care if he loses, I can go without him for two hours,’ admitted Hoseok to Jungkook, who giggled.
Yoongi prepared the shot glasses, three each. ‘2...1... Start!’ announced Namjoon. They started the shots. They quickly downed the burning liquid, Jimin almost spilling it. Yoongi won, to no one’s surprise. Jimin apologised to Taehyung, who seemed more affected by his loss than Jimin himself. Yoongi grinned, clearly happy with his victory. ‘You’re the devil,’ said Namjoon after he observed the scene. Yoongi shrugged. ‘That’s all the same to me.’
Hoseok laughed, the first time he was responding to them instead of to Jungkook. ‘You’re so pretentious. I wouldn’t have cared if you lost. You’ve barely touched me all night I can easily do without it,’ he teased. Yoongi cocked his head to the side. ‘Are you challenging me, Jung Hoseok?’ Hoseok grinned and shook his head. ‘I’m just putting you in your place.’ Yoongi stared at him coldly,  slightly swaying because of the alcohol. Hoseok stared back in amusement.
‘Does anyone else feel uncomfortable?’ blurted Jin. Namjoon shoved him. ‘You ruined their creepy erotic moment!’ Yoongi and Hoseok were still staring at each other, until Yoongi looked away. ‘It’s the alcohol,’ he said, defending himself. ‘Sure it is,’ teased Hoseok. Jungkook was softly chuckling beside him. ‘Kook! Jungkook!’ exclaimed Taehyung suddenly. ‘I can’t have Jimin! Be my boyfriend until Jimin can touch me again! I beg you!’ He stumbled over and threw his arms around Jungkook’s shoulders, who looked both amused and uncomfortable.
‘Jeon, ignore him,’ advised Namjoon. ‘You’re one to talk, look at Jin Hyung clinging to your arm,’ Yoongi pointed out. Namjoon and Jin were both laying on a mattress, Jin had his eyes closed and was indeed clinging to his arm as if it was a toy he couldn’t sleep without. ‘Shots then, Yoongi?’ he proposed. ‘You’re on. Take three vodka shots to make it equal before we start.’ Namjoon started to get up, but was held back by Jin. ’Joonie, wait. What do you receive when you ask a lemon for help?’ Namjoon frowned. ‘I don’t know, what?’ ‘Lemonaid!’ He yelled and laughed loudly. Jimin heard the pun and burst out in laughter as well. Jin had to put the bottle down because he was shaking with laughter. Hoseok shook his head, chuckling a little as well.
While Yoongi and Namjoon were preparing the drinks, Jin had somehow fallen asleep and Jungkook had agreed to being Taehyung’s two hour boyfriend. Jimin was pouting a lot and didn’t look happy at all, meanwhile Taehyung was clinging to an awkward Jungkook. ’Thanks, Jungkookie, I’ll be the best boyfriend ever,’ he said. ‘I want to be his boyfriend too,’ complained Jimin. Hoseok laughed, ‘Everyone’s in love with you.’ Jungkook just looked really awkward. ‘Can I be your boyfriend too?’ ‘No! Jungkook is mine!’ Exclaimed Taehyung. Jimin didn’t stop pouting, he resembled a child who was denied candy.  ‘I’ve been claimed,’ muttered Jungkook.
 ‘Everyone!’ yelled Namjoon, causing the others to turn. He didn’t wake Jin up, though. ‘Yoongi hyung and I are taking tequila shots, care to witness?’ ‘Can we join is a better question,’ replied Jimin. Yoongi shook his head. ‘This is between us, feel free to take more after us.’ ‘Hyungs? Isn’t it better to take a little less,’ proposed Jungkook timidly. Hoseok nodded in agreement. ‘You two especially,’ he added, gesturing to Jimin and Taehyung.
‘You can have that talk later. Ready Joon?’ Asked Yoongi, Namjoon nodded. They licked the salt, downed the shot then bit the lemon. ‘It’s been too long,’ muttered Namjoon after biting the sour fruit. ‘What? Can’t handle it?’ Challenged Yoongi, it seemed like the alcohol was finallt starting to affect him.
 He shook his head. ’It’s just been a while, don’t feel proud.’ ‘Then are you in for another one?’ Yoongi was grinning smugly, clearly challenging him. They prepared and downed another, Namjoon decided to stop after that, disappointed to find Jin had somehow drifted off. Yoongi offered it to the others, both Jimin and Taehyung eagerly accepting it out of curiosity.
Yoongi instructed them on how to do it, lick the salt, down the drink then bite the lemon. They followed his lead and as soon as they downed the shot their faces distorted. ‘Bite the lemons!’ yelled Namjoon. Hoseok and Jungkook were laughing loudly at their facial expressions. Finally they bit the lemon. ‘Good boys,’ said Yoongi and gave them both shoulder pats. ‘I regret everything,’ said Taehyung, face still slightly distorted. Jimin agreed with him and added that he wasn’t able to seek support with him. Taehyung didn’t look unhappy at all, he ignored Jimin and went over to Jungkook.
Taehyung embraced Jungkook and buried his face in his shoulder. ‘It was gross, so gross,’ he mumbled. Jungkook’s expression showed that he didn’t know what to do, his eyes were huge and his body stiff. He awkwardly wrapped his arms around Taehyung. Hoseok started to clap and laugh loudly. ‘I don’t know who to pity,’ said Namjoon, ‘Perhaps I should pity all of humanity.’ He said more, but this was inaudible because he was mumbling to himself. Yoongi wrapped his arm around a pouty Jimin. ‘Just a little over an hour,’ he told Jimin. ‘This is your fault,’ he replied. Yoongi shrugged. ‘Shouldn’t have kissed me,’ then he raised his voice, addressing the others, ‘Anyone in for some fun? I can mix the vodka with some soda, we have some games and films. Stop being boring.’
-
‘Two hours passed!’ Yelled Jimin and launched himself at Taehyung. They fell backwards on the mattress, both giggling. ‘I’m sorry Jungkook, but it’s over. You were the best two hour boyfriend ever.’ ‘He was your first,’ remarked Hoseok. Jungkook snickered, ‘It’s fine, I had a great time with Taehyung.’
Jimin’s eyes fell on the Pocky Namjoon was munching on. ‘Hey, let’s play the Pocky game,’ he suggested. ‘What the fuck is that?’ asked Yoongi. Hoseok and Jimin explained it to him. ‘No. Absolutely not,’ stated Yoongi after hearing the explanation. ‘Come on, Hyung, it’s fine,’ pleaded Jimin. Yoongi shook his head in protest. Jungkook tapped on Hoseok’s shoulder. ‘Hyung, you ask him. He’ll say yes,’ he whispered. Hoseok nodded. ‘Yoongi,’ he started, trying to get his attention. Yoongi’s head snapped up. ‘Can we please play this game? It seems so much fun,’ he pleaded, heavily exaggerating the tone. Yoongi sighed in defeat, ‘Fine.’ Jungkook and Namjoon chuckled at his response, Yoongi noticed and glared at them. ‘How do you play it?’ asked Yoongi. Jimin grabbed a packet of Pocky and turned to Taehyung. ‘Tae and I shall demonstrate.’
He fumbled with the packet and struggled to open it. Taehyung took it from him and ripped it open. Jimin took one out and placed one end between his teeth and gestured for Taehyung to do so as well. They started to eat, completely unaware of the four people watching them intensely. They reached the middle of the stick and Jimin kissed Taehyung, ignoring the rules. Namjoon and Hoseok immediately started to cheer. Yoongi frowned, but didn’t say anything. ‘You’re not supposed to kiss, they’ve lost,’ explained Jungkook to Yoongi, who nodded. Jimin and Taehyung broke away. ‘That’s the pocky game,’ stated Jimin. ‘No, you lost,’ muttered Jungkook.
‘I want to wake Jin up, he’s good at this because he wants all the food,’ complained Namjoon, softly poking Jin’s cheek. ‘No, let him sleep,’ scolded Hoseok. ‘Who will play now or should Minnie and I go again?’ Yoongi raised his hand. ‘I’ll go. With Hobi.’ He already scooted over to Hoseok. Hoseok giggled and slightly pushed him away when Yoongi sat in front of him. ‘I never said I agreed, idiot.’
 ‘Do you?
’ ‘Yes.’
Namjoon and Jungkook simultaneously cringed. Jungkook moved away from Hoseok, who he was sitting next to, and decided to sit next to Namjoon. ‘It’s safer here.’ ‘Only because Jin is asleep.’
‘I’m not supposed to kiss you?’ Asked Yoongi, seeking for confirmation. Hoseok nodded. ’Kissing means we lose.’ ‘I don’t see how kissing you is losing,’ muttered Yoongi and then put one end of the biscuit in his mouth. Hoseok followed his lead and they started to eat. Hoseok didn’t focus on eating because Yoongi’s concentrated expression as he was clumsily munching made him giggle.
When their lips almost touched Yoongi took a final bite, then pulled away. He swallowed the last bit and cheered victoriously. ‘Why are you cheering, I got to kiss my boyfriend and you didn’t,’ taunted Taehyung. Yoongi meant to flip him off, but as soon as he lifted his hand he was pulled forward by Hoseok. Their kiss was sloppy and quick, but when they pulled away they were both smiling widely. Jungkook coughed awkwardly, causing Taehyung and Jimin to laugh. Jin stirred. ‘Shit, everyone be more quiet,’ whispered Namjoon.
‘So, who’s next?’ Asked Yoongi. He had settled between Hoseok’s legs and leaned his back against Hoseok’s chest. ‘I want to go with Jungkook for old times’ sake!’ Exclaimed Taehyung. Jimin’s pout returned. ‘Only if he’s okay with it,’ Hoseok reminded them. Jungkook gave his consent so Taehyung snatched the food and clumsily scooted over to Jungkook. ‘Please don’t kiss me,’ said Jungkook before placing the food between his lips.
‘You pulled away too soon!’ Yelled Yoongi when Jungkook pulled away, a bit of the biscuit still sticking out. ‘I don’t want to kiss him,’ said Jungkook, trying to defend himself. ‘I demand a rematch,’ stated Yoongi, crossing his arms. ‘No, Yoongi. He has boundaries.’ Scolded Hoseok, defending Jungkook. ‘I don’t mind,’ commented Taehyung. He scooted back to Jimin, leaving Jungkook next to Namjoon. ‘I can’t believe Jin is asleep,’ he complained. Jimin grinned. ‘Tae isn’t loyal, so I won’t be either,’ he stated and rolled away from Taehyung. ‘Park Minnie you’re mean!’ ‘And you’re not loyal!’
‘If opportunity controls your loyalty you need to take a strict look at your relationship,’ said Namjoon solemnly. ‘Shut up,’ replied Yoongi. Jimin was now laying next to Jungkook. ‘Hyung, eat pocky with me.’ Namjoon shook his head. ‘I am loyal to my sleeping beauty.’ ‘You’re disgusting!’ Yelled Yoongi. ‘You do it with him!’ Namjoon yelled back. Yoongi shook his head. ’I don’t ever want his lips near mine again.’ Jimin pouted. ‘Am I that terrible?’ ‘No! Come back here!’ Called Taehyung. Jimin rolled back to him.
Hoseok was watching everything with a big grin on his face while Yoongi was still leaning against his back. Hoseok thought drunk people, specifically his friends, were hilarious. It interested him how different they are. Jin fell asleep after barely three bottles of beer, Taehyung and Jimin were messy and affectionate, Yoongi and Namjoon lost their filters but were less messy than the others. Observing this was funny and in a way also fascinating. He wasn’t a scientist like Taehyung, but he was curious about the influence on different people.
‘Hobi,’ said Yoongi, trying to get his attention. ‘You’re doing it again,’ he whined. Hoseok chuckled. ‘How’d you notice?’
 ‘Just do.’
 ‘Maybe it’s telepathy.’
Yoongi meant to respond, but was interrupted by a yelp. ‘You bit my lip too hard!’ said Jimin and slapped Taehyung’s shoulder. ‘I didn’t mean to! You were literally pushing your lips between my teeth,’ replied Taehyung, defending himself. Yoongi freed himself from Hoseok’s embrace. ’Oi, kids. Don’t make out and don’t fight,’ he said, pushing them away from each other. They both fell backwards on the mattress, not resisting Yoongi’s authority.
-
It was around 1:30 am when Hoseok proposed to go to sleep. ‘But it’s so early,’ complained Jimin, Yoongi agreed with him. Hoseok shrugged. ‘Hoseok Hyung and I are going to sleep. We’ll drag a mattress to someone’s room if we must,’ replied Jungkook. Hoseok stood by his side and nodded in agreement. Yoongi pointed a finger at Jungkook. ‘You. Stop stealing my boyfriend.’ He took a step towards Jungkook, who inched backwards. ‘He’s not, I’m stealing him,’ retorted Hoseok, grinning.
Taehyung threw an arm around Jungkook and leaned on him. ‘No! He was mine first when I didn’t have Minnie,’ he whined. Jimin jumped on the couch and placed his hands on his hips. ‘Stealing is bad!’ he exclaimed righteously. ‘Jin has been asleep for hours, I wanna join him,’ said Namjoon, gesturing to Jin who was sleeping. Yoongi shrugged. ‘Sleep then, I’ll have fun without you.’
Jungkook carefully broke free from Taehyung’s tight embrace. Taehyung whined, but let go. He fell over on the couch and groaned. ‘Maybe I should sleep,’ he mumbled. Hoseok nodded. ‘Good Tae, go to sleep. Do you want the couch with Jimin?’ Jimin looked up at the sound of his name. ’What?’ Taehyung reached out his arms to Jimin, but he was too far away. ‘Let’s sleep on the couch together,’ he said, slurring the words. Taehyung didn’t enunciate it well enough so it sounded like a big mush of different sounds. Yet Jimin got the message and joined him on the couch.
Hoseok was satisfied with their interaction and decided to push it more. ‘Shall I get you some blankets?’ he offered. Jimin mumbled something that sounded like a ‘Yes’, so Hoseok brought them the blankets.
‘Jimin and Tae have the couch, Joon and Jin Hyung have a mattress. Kook, do you want to share the other mattress with me?’ asked Hoseok after things had calmed down. Jungkook shrugged. ‘I think Yoongi still wants to sleep with you, so I’ll take the inflatable mattress. Good we already set it up, doing that now would’ve startled them,’ responded Jungkook. ‘Wanna brush teeth then?’ Jungkook agreed and they went to the bathroom, both happy they hadn’t touched the alcohol. Yoongi was sat on a chair and was watching everything quietly.
When Jungkook had settledon a mattress as well, Hoseok decided to turn off the lights. ‘Are you going to sit there forever?’ he asked Yoongi. ‘Yes,’ answered Yoongi, a little too loudly. He downed the final bit of his drink. Hoseok shrugged and turned off the lights then carefully found his way to the mattress. ‘Feel free to join me whenever,’ he told Yoongi, but Yoongi didn’t respond.
After a few minutes Hoseok felt a weight on the mattress. ‘Hoseok,’ he heard Yoongi whisper. His coordination in the dark was bad and the alcohol didn’t help so he accidentally fell down on Hoseok’s legs. ‘That hurts, what do you want?’ ‘Everyone’s asleep, if we’re quiet we can have a good time,’ he drawled. Hoseok attempted to push him off and tried to lift his legs, but Yoongi was heavy. ‘No. You’re drunk and I don’t want to traumatise them,’ he replied. Yoongi didn’t get off him despite Hoseok’s struggling. ‘If that wasn’t the case, would you have?’
Hoseok sighed, in any other scenario he would have laughed at Yoongi’s behaviour. But he was really tired so he didn’t feel like joking. He succeeded in pushing Yoongi off him and the man rolled to the side of Hoseok, not showing protest. ‘If you go to sleep right now I’ll consider it. You can even sleep right next to me,’ he offered, making more space and lifting up the blanket. It took a moment before he felt movement and soon Yoongi was next to him.
‘Hobi,’ drawled Yoongi, his voice high pitched. Hoseok hummed in response. ‘I love you,’ he stated. Hoseok gasped. ‘I love you too,’ he responded. Yoongi chuckled, ‘I could feel your heartbeat speed up. Cute,’ he stated. He was silent after that, making Hoseok wonder whether he was joking or being genuine. He knew his heartbeat sped up, how couldn’t it?
Hoseok thought he could finally get some sleep, but after a few minutes Yoongi spoke again.
'Hoseok,' said Yoongi, drawling out the name. He pressed himself harder against Hoseok's body. 'Go to sleep, you're keeping me awake,' he responded. Yoongi groaned. 'I'll be quiet, I wanted to ask you something,' he said, not moving away. Hoseok really wanted to sleep and he didn't know whether he was comfortable with Yoongi practically on top of him. Everyone else was sleeping but them. 'Ask me then.'
It’s been quite a ride since we met, right? What’s your favourite memory?' He asked, still slurring words. Hoseok's breath hitched, surprised by the serious question. He didn't expect something like that to be asked, especially not because of the state Yoongi was in. He thought about it for a few seconds before responding. He did think a lot about his past, he did think about his life since he accidentally texted Yoongi.
‘Honestly most of them. I always enjoyed texting you, even before things really started happening. Seeing you perform was astounding, getting coffee was nice. I still remember seeing you enter the café and my heart skipping a beat. My performance and you asking me out was one of the best days of my life. Honestly I can’t pick a’-' he stopped talking.
 Yoongi had fallen asleep, his head resting on Hoseok's chest. Hoseok smiled, he couldn't see him in the darkness but he knew Yoongi looked cute. He didn't know whether the weight he was feeling was from Yoongi's body or sleep. With his mind filled with thoughts of Yoongi he drifted off to sleep.



Chapter End Notes
EVERYONE! As you can see this is no longer listed as the final chapter. BECAUSE! I despise this chapter. I had writers block throughout the entire thing and it’s just so so so so bad. I am not satisfied with this as an ending and all of you lovely readers do not deserve this neither as a chapter nor as an ending. Therefore I am writing a final, short chapter that will be posted soon. My sincerest apologies to you all. Thank you so much for reading (despite the low quality) <3


Chapter 17
Chapter Notes
This really is the last chapter, not joking this time. This is kind of epilogue-ish I apologise for the low quality in advance, it’s really shitty.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Min Yoongi (22:10): What time is the ceremony tomorrow? I forgot
Jung Hoseok (22:10): 9 am

Jung Hoseok (22:10): do you really want to come? You’re in the middle of promotions
Min Yoongi (22:10): I’ve told you a million times you’re graduating I would come even if I had to save the world
Jung Hoseok (22:10): ok clear but you can still tell me I can ask someone else
Min Yoongi (22:11): you mean Taehyung?
Jung Hoseok (22:11): yep!
Min Yoongi (22:11): he got so mad at me for being the one to goMin Yoongi (22:12): ‘I’ve been his best friend for years but this assmaster is the one who’s going’
Jung Hoseok (22:12): I still can’t believe he called you an assmaster and I can’t believe your response

Jung Hoseok (22:12): ‘Assmaster? I saw Jimin walk awkwardly the other day. You’re the assmaster’

Jung Hoseok (22:13): we should write down all of your genius moments
Min Yoongi (22:13): it’d be an autobiography
Jung Hoseok (22:13): no it’d be like one sheet of paper
Min Yoongi (22:13): fuck you
Jung Hoseok (22:13): ;D
Min Yoongi (22:13): is your family going to be there?
Jung Hoseok (22:13): yeah my parents and sister. You’ve met them before you know they like you
Min Yoongi (22:14): It’s still a little scaryMin Yoongi (22:14): any graduation etiquette and rules I should know?
Jung Hoseok (22:14): etiquette? Wow

Jung Hoseok (22:14):not really no
Min Yoongi (22:14): good to know
Jung Hoseok (22:15): I can’t believe I’m actually graduating kdlasjhf
Min Yoongi (22:15): you are. You’ve worked so hard for years and I’m so proud of you.
Jung Hoseok (22:15): thank you so much I’m going to cry

Jung Hoseok (22:15): this makes me feel nostalgic about everything, about the past few years
Min Yoongi (22:16): are we really going to discuss this through text?
Jung Hoseok (22:16): texting in our case is very romantic

Jung Hoseok (22:17):  best typo I ever made. That one 6 in your number
Min Yoongi (22:17): I still can’t believe how similar they were like it was literally that final 6Min Yoongi (22:17): thinking back we probably would’ve met without that, looking at tae and Jimin
Jung Hoseok (22:18): nope
Min Yoongi (22:18): no?
Jung Hoseok (22:18): remember how they met because Tae lost Jungkook? That was because earlier that day they explained to me who Suga is and after that they hung out. If it wasn’t for that they wouldn’t have
Min Yoongi (22:19): seriously?
Jung Hoseok (22:19): Why is my memory like this
Min Yoongi (22:19): who’s this suga guy are you cheating on me
Jung Hoseok (22:20): no he’s J-hope’s boyfriend I don’t know him
Min Yoongi (22:20): good
Jung Hoseok (22:22): omg I completely forgot to tell you
Min Yoongi (22:22): what?
Jung Hoseok (22:22): I already have a job offer
Min Yoongi (22:23): YOU WHAT?
Jung Hoseok (22:23): A JOB OFFER
Min Yoongi (22:24): HOW?? WHEN??
Jung Hoseok (22:24): ok so that internship I had ages ago?
Min Yoongi (22:24): they offered a job?
Jung Hoseok (22:25): yes! They said I ‘have a fresh way of thinking’ and ‘a bright personality’ which would be ‘useful additions to the company’
Min Yoongi (22:25): holy fucking shit fcuk look at my boyfriend conquering the world being extraordinary fuckingfuckfuck
Jung Hoseok (22:25): are you okay? :o
Min Yoongi (22:25): yes I just love youMin Yoongi (22:25): I can’t believe we’re going to live together soon and I can’t believe you love meMin Yoongi (22:26): After my promotion period over I want to take you to a stupid fancy restaurant and after that we can do some stupid shit like looking at the stars and then sleep with you because we’ve made it so far I’m gonna scream hang on
Jung Hoseok (22:27):almost two years and I’ve never seen you like this. Are you ok?
Min Yoongi (22:27): no I’m feeling things
Jung Hoseok (22:27): I’ll scream with you 

Jung Hoseok (22:27): also that sounds like an idea I’m totally in for but I have to ask

Jung Hoseok (22:28): with sleep with me you mean sleeping and not sex right?
Min Yoongi (22:28): way to ruin a momentMin Yoongi (22:28): yes I mean sleeping
Jung Hoseok (22:29): remember our first time
Min Yoongi (22:29): some things one doesn’t want to be nostalgic aboutMin Yoongi (22:29): you were the first person I met who didn’t know how it worked we ended up laughing more than actually fucking
Jung Hoseok (22:30): I still laugh every time I think about it
Min Yoongi (22:30):I bet even Jungkook knew more than youMin Yoongi (22:30): who was barely 19, never dated, is ace ‘af’ and doesn’t know what a boob is
Jung Hoseok (22:31): you’ll never let this go will you?
Min Yoongi (22:31): First times are always awkward but this was the most hilarious experience of my life and I’ll never forget it
Jung Hoseok (22:31): you are the worst boyfriend
Min Yoongi (22:31): would you want me any other way though? Don’t think so
Jung Hoseok (22:32): I mean abs would be attractive
Min Yoongi (22:32): you shutting up would be attractive
Jung Hoseok (22:32): I have abs
Min Yoongi (22:33): good for you
Jung Hoseok (22:33): all the ladies love me for it
Min Yoongi (22:34): you’re gay as if you care
Jung Hoseok (22:34): guys love it too
Min Yoongi (22:34): that’s right I didn’t fall for you until I saw your body
Jung Hoseok (22:34): really?
Min Yoongi (22:34): no you idiotMin Yoongi (22:35): anyway go to sleep tomorrow’s the big day
Jung Hoseok (22:35):ok dad
Min Yoongi (22:35): keep your kinks away from me
Jung Hoseok (22:36): oppa??
Min Yoongi (22:36): Go to sleep, I’m serious
Jung Hoseok (22:36): fine fine

Jung Hoseok (22:36): goodnight! See you tomorrow I love you!
Min Yoongi (22:36): sleep well, I love you too.-Yoongi felt incredibly out of place at the location, surrounded by strangers. He never went to university, walking through these halls made him feel uneasy. Hoseok had told him where the room for the ceremony was, but Yoongi was lost. He felt too uncomfortable to ask anyone, he would just have to suffer.He looked up when someone called his name, it was Hoseok’s sister. ‘Hoseok told me you’d be here! Why aren’t you with everyone else?’ ‘It’s huge here, I got lost,’ he admitted, not bothering to lie. She smiled warmly. She did look a lot like Hoseok, they had similar features and a similar genuine warmth. Yoongi liked her, she was nice and basically looked like Hoseok but with long hair.‘You can walk with me! Wouldn’t want to miss out on your boyfriend’s graduation would you?’ she winked at him. Yoongi smiled and nodded, he really wouldn’t want that. He followed her to the hall where the ceremony was held. He was completely silent, not knowing what to talk about. He hated small talk and was terrible at it, might as well remain silent.They arrived at the hall and he saw Mr. and Mrs. Jung were already sitting in some seats, they approached them. Cheerful greetings were exchanged and Yoongi sat down next to Hoseok’s mother. Conversation sparked and Yoongi knew he couldn’t escape it. He was bracing himself for whatever questions would be asked. Perhaps an inevitable relationship question, who knows.He remembered meeting them and Hoseok introducing Yoongi as his boyfriend. Yoongi had been scared, not for himself but for Hoseok. Hoseok had told him that he was scared too, but that he knew his parents would be supportive. Yoongi was sceptical about it until the actual meeting. They were incredibly surprised and had a lot of questions, but they weren’t hateful. Yoongi remembered the incredibly relief he felt and that was also visible on Hoseok’s face.‘How have you been doing?’ asked Hoseok’s father. Well, that wasn’t the question he expected. ‘Just fine. I’m in the middle of promotions, so I’m very busy,’ he responded. Mr. Jung nodded and opened his mouth to say something again, but a man walked to the front of the room and tapped on the microphone. The entire room became silent and the graduation ceremony started.-‘I can’t believe you spent so much money on dinner,’ said Hoseok, still surprised. They were walking through a park late in the evening, their fingers intertwined. ‘But you ate well?’ ‘Yes it was delicious but-’ Yoongi cut him off. ‘Then don’t complain, money doesn’t matter. You enjoyed it, that matters.’ Hoseok sighed and nodded.Hoseok wanted to give something back. Yoongi has given him so much, these past few weeks especially. The graduation present, this dinner, the apartment. Besides that, Yoongi is always giving him his love and time. Hoseok gave his in return, he knew that. Their relationship was built on mutual love and trust, that’s why it worked. They equally gave each other everything and gave back in return. Still, Hoseok wanted to buy him something. He didn’t know what, but he had a job now. He actually graduated and had a job, after earning money he could get Yoongi something.‘You’re doing it again,’ said Yoongi, softly squeezing Hoseok’s hand. Hoseok laughed, ‘I love that you still notice it.’ ‘That makes us sound really old,’ replied Yoongi. ‘Who knows, maybe we’ll still be together when we’re 50.’ ‘If I’m still alive by then,’ Yoongi mumbled. Hoseok stiffened. ‘What do you mean?’ Yoongi shrugged. ’Always imagined I’d live fast and die young. Since I have you I no longer do, but who knows what’ll happen.’ Hoseok shoved him, but didn’t let him go of his hand. ‘You ruined this night, you giant emo.’ Yoongi chuckled and apologised.‘Holly would’ve loved this walk,’ said Yoongi sadly. The tranquillity, the soft grass, the open field. He already started to imagine the small dog gleefully running around. Hoseok rolled his eyes. ’You act like he’s dead.’ Yoongi groaned, ‘Holly would’ve loved this walk. At least he doesn’t complain.’ ‘You know relationships with animals are illegal.’ ‘Ours is too, depending on where we are,’ retorted Yoongi. ‘You’re so cheerful today.’‘Aren’t I always?’ ‘I’ll say yes if it makes you happy.’‘It does.’‘You’re depressing.’Yoongi gasped dramatically and clutched his chest with his free hand. ‘You hurt me.’ Hoseok laughed, ‘You could’ve expected it,’ replied Hoseok. Yoongi nodded, he could have.They continued walking in silence for a few more minutes. They enjoyed the simple intimacy of holding hands. Together with the quiet noise of the city in the background combined with the silence of the park and the mild air of a summer night, it was perfect. They often went out for nightly walks when they had the time and energy to. The other guys always teased them that they were like an elderly couple for doing that, but they didn’t really care. They loved it.Hoseok yawned. ‘Hyung, I’m tired.’ And content, but he didn’t say that. ‘You are?’ Hoseok nodded. ‘Let’s go home then.’ Hoseok blinked a few times at the mention of the word, still not used to the fact that they live together now. ‘Yes, let’s go.’-
 Kim Taehyung (09:20): I JUST WOKE UP AND WHATTTTT DO I READ? 

 Kim Taehyung (09:20): NAMJOON HYUNG AND YOONGI HYUNG COLLAB STAGE @ GAYO dAEJUN??????  WHFHJJ 

 Kim Taehyung (09:21): IM FREAKING OUT!!!! 

 Park Jimin (09:21): he is. Literally jumped out of bed 

 Jeon Jungkook (09:22): I READ IT TOO!! I SCREAMED 

 Jeon Jungkook (09:22): WHY DIDN’T HYUNGS TELL US SOONER??  

 Kim Taehyung (09:22): YEAH I THOUGHT WE WERE FRIENDS? 

 Park Jimin (09:23): I knew 

 Jeon Jungkook (09:23): AND YOU DIDN’T TELL BECAUSE?? 

 Kim Taehyung (09:23): JUST THREW A PILLOW AT HIM I CANT BELIEVE MY BOYFRIEND IS A SNAKE 

Kim Seokjin (09:24): wait they are??? What?

 Jeon Jungkook (09:24): JIN HYUNG DIDN’T KNOW EITHER?? 

  Park Jimin (09:24): he does, he’s just joking  

Kim Seokjin (09:24): ehe sorry

 Kim Taehyung (09:25); I BET HOBI KNEW TOO  

 Park Jimin (09:25): yeah about that 

 Jeon Jungkook (09:25): WHAT?? 

 Park Jimin (09:25): I’m not allowed to tell you 

 Kim Taehyung (09:26): I’M MOVING OUT CAN’T BELIEVE THIS 

Kim Seokjin (09:26): I’ve known for ages

 Park Jimin (09:26): yeah me too 

 Jeon Jungkook (09:26): betrayal 

Kim Seokjin (09:27): can’t wait for Hoseok to tell them

Kim Seokjin (09:27): too bad he’s working

 Park Jimin (09:27): I have to in a few hours too, puma shoot.  

 Kim Taehyung (09:28): intern work BUT I HAVENT STOPPED SCREAMING 

 Park Jimin (09:28):I wish I could say he was lying but he’s screaming 

 Kim Taehyung (09:28): you have no right to complain SNAKE 

 Jeon Jungkook (09:28): drag him 

Kim Namjoon (09:29): “Joonie look at the groupchat” “Why?” “It’s hilarious please look”

Kim Namjoon (09:29): it was in this moment Kim Namjoon regretted his choices in life

 Kim Taehyung (09:29): COLLBV STAGE 

Kim Namjoon (09:30): please look forward to it, we’re sorry for not telling you but it was a secret

 Jeon Jungkook (09:30): secret?? Everyone knew but us 

Kim Seokjin (09:30): boyfriend privilege

 Park Jimin (09:30): bff privilege 

 Kim Taehyung (09:31): but jimin I’m your boyfriend??? Why didn’t you tell me?? 

 Jeon Jungkook (09:31): I don’t have any privilege how surprising 

Kim Namjoon (09:32): you all barely know anything about privilege and social oppression
Min Yoongi (09:32): we’re all queer here sit down Namjoon
 Park Jimin (09:32): look who rose from the depths 

 Kim Taehyung (09:32): COLLB STAGR 
Min Yoongi (09:33): I’m leaving again
 Jeon Jungkook (09:33): iconic 

Kim Namjoon (09:34): Don’t take him for an example when we were practicing he cursed in every language he knew because he stubbed his toe

 Kim Taehyung (09:34): iconic.  

Kim Namjoon (09:34): I give up.
-
Jung Hoseok (12:30): I have break now and I don’t know if anyone’s here but I’m going to tell you anyway

Jung Hoseok (12:31): so during that stage... there are some dancers....

Jung Hoseok (12:31): I... might be... one of those dancers..... 

 Kim Taehyung (12:32): WHTA 

 Kim Taehyung (12:32): HYUG?? ARE OU SERIOUS??/ 

 Kim Taehyung (12:32): HOLY SIT OH MY GOD 

 Kim Taehyung (12:33): I CANT NELUEVE THIS 

Jung Hoseok (12:33): ME NEITHER TAE

 Kim Taehyung (12:34): I’m so happy for you! This is incredible news 

Jung Hoseok (12:34): thank you so much!!
Min Yoongi (12:35): I don’t know how he manages to balance remaining healthy, putting up with me, his job and this performanceMin Yoongi (12:35): magical
Jung Hoseok (12:35): putting up with you is the worst

 Park Jimin (12:36): a romantic interaction 

 Park Jimin (12:36): also another fun revelation: I’m a MC 

 Kim Taehyung (12:36): WHATHDSSKJD 

 Kim Taehyung (12:36): no way??!! 

 Jeon Jungkook (12:36): what’d I miss 

 Jeon Jungkook (12:37): HOLYF CU HOBI HYUNG 

 Jeon Jungkook (12:37): this is amazing news! I’m happy for you! 

Jung Hoseok (12:37): thanks Kookie :D

 Park Jimin (12:37): what about me Jungkook? 

 Jeon Jungkook (12:38): I’m happy for you too 

 Park Jimin (12:38): thank you ^-^ 
Min Yoongi (12:38): Jimin I swear...
 Park Jimin (12:38): hm? 

 Kim Taehyung (12:39): wait so if hyungs are performing and Jimin’s an mc then what about jin hyung, me and Jungkook? 

Jung Hoseok (12:39): oh yeah about that

Jung Hoseok (12:39): we really tried 

 Park Jimin (12:39): we’re so sorry 
Min Yoongi (12:40): you’re gonna have to watch on tv
 Jeon Jungkook (12:40): really?? 

 Kim Taehyung (12:40): noooooooooooooooooo 
Park Jimin (12:40): I’m sorry~
Jung Hoseok (12:41): I think I’ll still smuggle you in
Min Yoongi (12:41): Joon’s the most upset
Jung Hoseok (12:41): he is~ I think he won’t survive being separated from Jin Hyung for an entire night

 Park Jimin (12:41): prayer circle for Namjoon hyung 

 Kim Taehyung (12:42): prayer circle for TaeTae who will have to watch his boyfriend mc, his best friend and his idols perform  
Min Yoongi (12:42): I’m your idol?
 Kim Taehyung (12:43): yes 

 Jeon Jungkook (12:43): mine too 

 Park Jimin (12:43): what about me? 

Jung Hoseok (12:43): let me tell you two something alright

 Kim Taehyung (12:43): oh no 

Jung Hoseok (12:43): these two ridiculous fanboys

 Jeon Jungkook (12:44): gotta go 

Jung Hoseok (12:45): The amount of times I walked in on Tae lipsyncing along to your songs is ridiculous, the amount of times he ranted on about how amazing your music is. 

Jung Hoseok (12:45): one time he walked into my room, face planted the bed and I thought he died. I asked him what was wrong and he replied with ‘Park Jimin is the single most beautiful human’ 

Jung Hoseok (12:46): Jungkook happily lip syncs, rants and dances along with Taehyung they love suga and rap monster. 

 Park Jimin (12:46): hoseok’s spilling everything oh~~ 

 Kim Taehyung (12:46):my boyfriend AND my best friend are snakes  
Min Yoongi (12:47): this is max exposure I’m loving this
Kim Namjoon (12:47): Taehyung, I’m glad you like my music so much and that you think I’m someone to look up to. I appreciate it a lot

 Kim Taehyung (12:48): at least someone is nice here! 

 Park Jimin (12:48): thank you for thinking I’m the most beautiful  

 Kim Taehyung (12:49): you’re a snake though 
Min Yoongi (12:49): poor Jungkook ran off, it’s nice of him to like us so much
Jung Hoseok (12:49): uhm?
Min Yoongi (12:49): what? It is
Jung Hoseok (12:49): is this what it feels like to be taehyung, betrayed

Kim Namjoon (12:50): anyway

Kim Namjoon (12:50): suga hyung and I will have a collab stage at daejun, Hoseok will be a dancer and Jimin will be a MC

Kim Namjoon (12:50): that’s what you missed on Glee
-Taehyung, Jungkook and Seokjin were seated on the couch in front of the TV. Taehyung had proposed watching it at his and Jimin’s apartment since they had the most space and best TV. Everyone agreed to it so there they were. They weren’t just watched because of their friends, they genuinely enjoyed the music festival.Jimin appeared on the screen along with another man. He was wearing a simple dark grey suit with a bowtie, the man in similar clothing.Taehyung jumped up. ‘That’s Jimin!’ he yelled. ‘Who’s the other guy?’ asked Jungkook, he was bouncing in his seat from excitement. ‘Someone from a band,’ answered Jin. Taehyung was staring at the screen, focused on Jimin.Jimin was the first to speak after their introductions. ‘The next will be a collab stage. Both artists released new music this year. They’re both famous for their explosive, passionate performances.’ The other man, introduced as Chanyeol, spoke after that. ‘Yes! Combine them and you get a performance you won’t forget. They’re your friends, aren’t they Jimin?’ Jimin nodded, smiling brightly. ‘Are they as amazing off stage as they are on stage?’ ‘I won’t tell you that, I don’t want to ruin their careers.’ Chanyeol laughed.‘Is Jimin flirting?’ hissed Taehyung, ‘He knows I’m watching, right?’ Jungkook hushed him.‘Do you like their music?’ asked Jimin. He was grinning and his eyes were gleaming, as if he was aware of Taehyung´s jealousy. ‘Yes, they´re good artists.’ ‘I imagined you had a better taste in music,’ joked Jimin. Chanyeol laughed. They said some more and then walked off.´Is he aware he’s on national TV?’ asked Jin, he seemed shocked but he was smiling. ‘I can’t believe him,’ muttered Taehyung and grabbed his phone. ‘What’re you gonna do?’ asked Jungkook. ‘Call him.’ ‘But Joon, Hobi and Yoongi are literally performing in 10 seconds!’ protested Jin indignantly. Taehyung shrugged and left the living room. ‘Unbelievable,’ muttered Jungkook. The remaining boys turned their attention to the TV screen.There was an entirely instrumental part first, there were four dancers. ‘Which one is Hoseok?’ asked Jin, squinting at the screen. ‘The one on the left in the red shirt,’ answered Jungkook. Jin nodded and switched his attention to specifically Hoseok instead of all four.Taehyung jumped on the couch after a minute, just in time for the performance. Suga entered from the left side, Rap monster from the right. Rap Monster started spitting the lines of Cypher part 3. Cyphers were always their collab songs, there were four in total and they were massively popular.The audience was hyped and so where the three boys watching. Jungkook and Taehyung energetically rapped along while jumping around, Jin was laughing hard. Suga’s verse was about to start when the music suddenly switched to that of Cypher part 4. Both Taehyung and Jungkook were surprised, their eyes wide and mouths opened.Suga started spitting the lines of his verse, energy and passion radiating off him and resonating in his words.Taehyung didn’t know whether he should focus on the duo or on Hoseok dancing, he wanted to do both.The performance was pure energy and passion until the very last word. With fire and dancers around them as well as a loud, supportive audience they ended the performance. They stood back to back, their heads touching as they looked up. ‘Ya playa haters you should love yourself!’They then ran off , each two dancers by their sides, leaving the stage empty. It almost seemed like they scorched the stage.Taehyung, Jungkook and Jin were enthusiastically cheering and jumping. ‘That was sick!’ exclaimed Taehyung. ‘They have a backstage interview in like two minutes,’ commented Jin. ‘I can’t handle all this fire,’ said Jungkook. The others agreed-Jimin, Chanyeol and Namjoon were all waiting backstage for Yoongi to arrive. There would be a short backstage interview. ‘Since Suga isn’t here, we’ll start with just you,’ announced Chanyeol. Jimin nodded, quieter than he was earlier. He was just about to ask the first question when Yoongi walked in, looking slightly dishevelled. Hoseok followed behind him, looking equally messy. Namjoon snorted and Jimin bit his lip to stop himself from laughing. Because they just performed no one else questioned their state.‘Sorry everyone, I was busy. Let’s start this interview!’ Namjoon shook his head, Jimin took a deep breath. ‘Right, so the first question,’ started Chanyeol.The interview went by smoothly afterwards. A few questions were asked, mostly about their collaboration as independent artists and what can be expected in the future. It was difficult for Yoongi, Jimin and Namjoon to stay serious. They had been friends for years, messing around and teasing came natural. Chanyeol was oblivious the entire time.They were grateful when it ended and the camera as well as Chanyeol left and burst out laughing. ‘This was the most difficult experience of my life,’ laughed Jimin. ‘I can’t believe you and Hoseok did that. Are you two serious? Unbelievable. Maybe Jin not being here is better.’ Yoongi shrugged. ‘I’m the real winner here.’Jimin laughed and put his hand on Yoongi’s shoulder. ‘I have to go now, MC business, I’ll see you two around,’ he said and walked away, disappearing behind a door. ‘Hyung, we’re also expected back in our seats in like 10 minutes at most. I’ll see you there or should I wait?’ ‘Nah, go back. You’ll see me soon, I want to talk to Hobi before leaving again.’ Namjoon nodded then left.Hoseok didn't have a place like Yoongi did, he was technically staff because of being a background dancer. Therefore he didn't have the chance to sit among Yoongi and the other artists, but had a place backstage with other dancers and members.Yoongi looked around and noticed there were no more camera’s around. He walked over to Hoseok who was talking to a fellow dancer. Yoongi gestured for him to come closer, Hoseok excused himself and walked over to Yoongi.Yoongi stepped closer, leaning in. Hoseok leaned backwards. ‘Not here, don’t kiss me here,’ he whispered. ‘Wasn’t going to,’ replied Yoongi. ‘I was just going to tell you that this was possibly the best night of my life and I hope to make many more memories with you,’ he rambled, voice hushed. Hoseok’s eyes widened, but then his expression softened. He pulled him into a tight embrace. They stood like that for a while, the world around them fading away, all that mattered was being in each other’s arms. Texting may be very romantic in their case, but this was real. This wasn’t a screen too bright when they're still texting at 1 am, the cold keyboard under his fingertips as he's typing another message. This was holding the person Yoongi loved and who he met thanks to the strangest mistake.



Chapter End Notes
I hate this chapter wow, but it's the end. Gonna be honest and tell you that I had no idea what I was doing throughout the entirety of this fic. I started to impulsively write this and it got a little out of hand haha. Everyone who read this, liked this, left kudos and commented, thank you so much. You all made writing this worth it and fun, I hope you liked reading this fic as much as I liked writing it. Thank you so much for reading this I hope you liked this chapter, bye <3Slight edit: if you read this long after this was published, feedback is still very welcome <3



Afterword


End Notes
Hello! thanks for reading this! The first three chapters will form a base and after that the 'story' will start. This will be partially in text and partially actual story. Feedback is appreciated?


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



