



Parallel lines - tbz - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Parallel lines
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/10543542.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Kim Taehyung | V
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Kim Taehyung | V
Additional Tags:
Romance, Angst, Alternate Universe, Unhealthy Relationships, Angst angst angst just unnecessary angst, Cheating, basically just these two needed to sort their shit out but didn't, Sad Ending, On-Again/Off-Again Relationship, Mutual Pining, Hurt Jeon Jungkook, Hurt Kim Taehyung | V, emotionally anyway
Stats:

        Published: 2017-06-17
        Words: 11067
      

Parallel lines
by tbz
Summary
But if they were to start over and meet again for the first time, Jungkook would rather want them to be like parallel lines. Similar and harmonious in every which way, but never to connect and touch.
Notes

          See the end of the work for  notes




Parallel lines

 “Let's break up.”This wasn't the first time Taehyung had said that to him. So he didn't ask why, and he didn't argue.“Okay.” Jungkook replied simply, blank and toneless. It wasn't an act, but then again it wasn't how he was truly feeling. It was all meaningless, and he was too tired to act like he cared, and too tired to act like he didn't. Last time, Taehyung had hesitated before leaning in for one more kiss. His lips were soft and warm, and they tasted sweet as always. But the kiss felt empty, like a courtesy, or an afterthought.This time, Taehyung only looked at him, not seeing, not feeling. He wrapped his arms around himself as if to protect his body from the cold, even though it was spring again. The breeze brought warm air to wash over their skin and Jungkook watched Taehyung’s hair float and dance in the wind, brushing gently over his eyes. Jungkook wanted to be the breeze, so he could touch Taehyung’s body whenever he wanted.This time, he wanted a kiss, however empty or courteous. But he just stood still and watched Taehyung turn away and walk down the empty road, beneath the warm shade of flowering trees. He watched pink petals drift and scatter through the air, falling to the ground behind his feet to mark his receding footsteps.~The first time Jungkook saw Taehyung was on their high school graduation day. It'd been spring then, as well.After they'd been dismissed by the teachers, he’d been surrounded by his giddy, rowdy friends as they all cheered and laughed, excited to start a new chapter of their lives. Jungkook had slipped away from the group. He’d been as happy as anyone else that day, but wanted a few moments to himself, to smile up at the school buildings and breathe in the sweet air of spring. He'd walked down to the empty, quiet path beside the banks of a bubbling stream, resting in the shade of trees shining gold in the afternoon sun.He glanced to the side and he saw a boy standing alone, fingers clasped loosely behind his back. He twirled a little, back and forth on the heel of one foot, small movements relaxed and aimless, and though Jungkook couldn't see his face, his head was tilted up, as if gazing up at the falling petals. His hair caught the sunlight streaming through the gaps of leaves, and shone in its golden glow. Jungkook remembered wanting to touch it.Then the boy turned and caught sight of Jungkook. He started a little as if he was surprised to see someone standing there. Jungkook jumped as their eyes met and scratched the back of his neck awkwardly, offering a smile. The boy’s eyes shone brighter than the rays of sunlight kissing the tops of the trees.The first glimpse of his face stole Jungkook’s breath away. He didn't stop to think, before he voiced the first thought that appeared in his mind, calling out to him.
 “You're beautiful.” 
The boy just stared at him for a few moments in surprise, freezing where he stood, a few metres away. The wind picked up, carrying petals off the concrete and casting them through the air between them in a swirl of pink, before they drifted away to rest on the surface of the stream. Then the boy laughed, brightly, sweetly, and the sight of his beautiful smiling face glowing in the warmth of spring was something Jungkook knew he would never be able to forget.
 “Thank you.” 
Someone that shone with such radiance that drew the eye couldn't have been alone. So Jungkook hadn't been that surprised when someone went up to him the next second, wrapping their arm over his shoulders and kissing his cheek. Jungkook could barely pay attention to the other guy at all. His eyes were only able to see the boy’s breathtaking smile as he accepted the small bouquet of flowers and tilted his head up to kiss the person that must've been his boyfriend.But as Jungkook continued to watch him closely, only one thought came to mind, as the boy hugged his boyfriend tightly.He looked bored.Later, when people had begun to disperse, and teary farewells had mostly all been exchanged, Jungkook saw the boy leaning against the brick wall beside the school gates, alone again. As he watched, many people stopped beside him and greeted him warmly, a few even hugging him and chatting cheerfully, comfortably. But they all moved on, clearly not too close with him. Jungkook wasn't usually that forward, and he didn’t have any endgame in mind. But something drove his feet forward and he too paused beside the boy on his way out.“You're not happy with him, are you?” Jungkook asked bluntly, smiling a little as the boy slowly looked up from the flowers he'd been absently staring down at. The boy didn't seem surprised or offended by the question, nor did he seem confused by what Jungkook was asking. He was even prettier up close, lovely as the flowers he held.“I'm not unhappy. He loves me, and treats me well.” The boy replied easily, returning Jungkook’s smile with a small one of his own. He didn't seem to mind Jungkook’s sudden invasive question, or the sudden approach from a stranger.“But you don't love him, do you? You don't even seem interested in him.” Jungkook pressed. He wasn’t accusing or challenging him, merely stating an observation, and the boy laughed. His smile was secretive and his gaze shadowed, but his beautiful, expressive eyes told Jungkook he was right.“First you call me beautiful, then you ask me if I love my boyfriend. Are you hitting on me? Can you make me happier than him?” The boy asked teasingly, smile bright as it was insincere, and Jungkook laughed, knowing the guy was playing around.“I could try.” Jungkook replied with a light shrug. The boy hummed as if actually considering his offer, when they both knew neither of them were serious.“You're cute. It's a shame. Congratulations on graduating.” The boy smiled warmly, seemingly genuinely this time. And Jungkook remembered thinking he wanted to kiss him.“You too. Congratulations.” Jungkook replied politely, good naturedly, and walked away, feeling eyes lingering on his body.That was four years ago.~Jungkook missed Taehyung’s touch already.How many times had it been since Taehyung first broke up with him? How many times had they gotten back together? How many times had they met, touched, kissed and drowned in each other’s arms, drawn to each other by an unnameable compulsion… even when they belonged to other people?Taehyung cheated on people. He cheated on anyone and everyone, and he'd cheated on Jungkook many, many times before. It was like he was addicted to the touch of others, and he would never be satisfied by the possession of only one. He did it remorselessly, mercilessly, and never bragged about it, but never attempted to hide it either.He was a dirty, cheating slut. But even so, Jungkook found himself falling under his inescapable spell time and time again without fail.It was fucked up, but Jungkook didn't care as much as he should. It was fucked up, but he discovered that Taehyung’s moans sounded the sweetest to him when that soft body beneath his didn't belong to him. Stolen kisses when Taehyung’s boyfriend wasn't looking were the most intoxicating. Taehyung’s face when he'd show up at Jungkook’s door late at night after a date with someone else, his smile when he ran into Jungkook’s arms in the dark, desperate for his touch… was the most beautiful.Jungkook was special to him, he knew that. Taehyung never got back together with any of his other exes, and he never cheated on someone with the same person twice. He dropped people as soon as he lost interest, and he didn't chase after anyone once they left. But time and time again, he reached out for Jungkook’s hand, let himself be pressed down on Jungkook’s bed, and whispered “I love you” in the most honest, most sincere way when it was just the two of them.And Jungkook knew it wasn't a lie, he knew Taehyung loved him. That's why they kept being drawn back to each other, that's why no matter how many times they'd tried and proven that their relationship just could not work… they kept trying.Because no matter how many times Taehyung cheated on him, Jungkook would still be happy to see him come back that night, and no matter how Taehyung used and hurt him, Jungkook still loved him unconditionally.Being this stupidly, blindingly accepting of Taehyung’s considerably shitty flaws and fucked up personality, it should be able to work out, Jungkook often thought wryly. As long as Jungkook could accept Taehyung cheating on him, they could just stay a couple, couldn't they? But to add insult to injury, as if that wasn't enough, they were just plain incompatible. They fought over everything. Surprisingly, ridiculously, it was never about Taehyung cheating. Jungkook truly had accepted that. And it wasn't as if he was a saint… he cheated too. Never on Taehyung, but always on other people.But they fought over everything and neither side ever accepted defeat, equally stubborn and unwilling to let the smallest things go. They had their good days, when Taehyung would curl up in his lap as they talked about anything and everything, his voice soft and sweet, and everything would be perfect in that one moment, making Jungkook wonder how he could ever bear to let this go. Then they had their days when they fought the moment they woke up, and Jungkook would wonder if he was a masochist, as he sat there watching Taehyung text another guy late at night.Sometimes it was too much, and Jungkook would purposefully miss Taehyung’s calls and ignore his texts, going out of his way to avoid him so he wouldn't have to see that beautiful, calculating, conniving face and get pissed off again. But then eventually when they met again, none of it would matter as he lost himself in Taehyung’s taste and got drunk off watching Taehyung fall apart beneath his touch.His friends told him it was unhealthy. He replied that Taehyung wasn't just unhealthy, he was poison. They didn't know what to say to that.It was funny watching one of them pretend that they hadn't slept with Taehyung before, back during one of Taehyung and Jungkook’s “on” periods. As if Jungkook wouldn't know. As if Jungkook cared.But he did care, he guessed. He didn't care who it was, but he cared that Taehyung slept with other people, of course he did. That's why it was all the more fatally addicting, inebriating, exhilarating when he had Taehyung to himself for the night. Knowing that in that moment, Taehyung's every gasp and moan was coaxed by his touch, and belonged to him only.He was obsessed, he knew that.He was obsessed not only with Taehyung’s body, but with his smile, his voice, his sleepy, clumsy kisses in the morning, his bright, happy, endless anecdotes during dates at cafés and parks, his sharp tongue and sharper mind, his cruel, unapologetic frankness and his unrelenting calculating nature.He wanted it all.Jungkook fell back against his bed and stared at his phone screen. He wondered who Taehyung was with right now. Was he older or younger?Once Taehyung had privately tutored a high school kid for a while and Jungkook walked into Taehyung’s room to see Taehyung bent over the desk, mindlessly pleasured face pressed against the open pages of the textbook the guy had been studying from. The guy had bolted the moment he saw Jungkook’s face as he stood there gripping the doorframe with fingers trembling with bitter anger.Taehyung wasn't the slightest bit mortified or guilty as usual. He merely straightened and asked Jungkook if he could do something about his situation, shameless and unapologetic. Jungkook told him to fuck off, but still ended up pushing him down on the bed and helping him finish. He really hated Taehyung that day. Usually Taehyung would go somewhere else to pull that shit, so Jungkook wouldn't have to see, and feel like he might go crazy watching someone else touch him.Fuck, his bedsheets still smelt like Taehyung right now. He unlocked his phone and scrolled through his contacts aimlessly, pausing at the number of the prettiest guy he knew after Taehyung. Taehyung’s cold, soulless eyes from this morning appeared in his mind, and he pressed the number without a second thought.“Hey. Are you free tonight?”~The second time they met was at college. Jungkook was the one that went up to Taehyung again, and he learnt his name and fell in love with the sound of it. By the end of that conversation he'd already begun imagining what Taehyung’s slim body would look like lying stretched out against Jungkook’s sheets. It was shallow, it was vulgar, and it was mutual, the look in Taehyung’s eyes told him.They met a few more times, chatted out of pure courtesy and politeness, and they ended up fucking before Jungkook even knew his age or what his major was, or anything basic about him.Jungkook had grabbed Taehyung’s arm and tugged him away into a stairwell hidden from sight, shoving him against the wall and pinning him there by the hips. Taehyung had jumped and blushed, squirming in embarrassment as his eyes darted to the side to check if anyone was there. The perfect picture of irresistibly shy, innocent and endearing. Only later did Jungkook realise it was a very well crafted act.But he didn't believe Taehyung’s breathless gasps and soft moans later that night had been an act.Then in the morning, Jungkook had woken up to see Taehyung propped up on his elbows, typing on his phone. The weak morning light had caressed his soft bare skin and painted it gold, illuminating strands of his hair that curled over his forehead in a soft, prettily messy way. Jungkook had grinned and pushed himself up, wrapping an arm around Taehyung’s waist and kissing his neck.
 “Who’re you texting?” 

 “Hmm…? You're awake.” 

 “Taehyung.” 

 “Ah, don't look at my screen…” 

 “You have a boyfriend? Right now? What- I- What the fuck, man?” 
Jungkook’s opinion of Taehyung dropped down quite steeply once he realised he'd unwittingly slept with someone else’s boyfriend. It didn't help that Taehyung just smiled mildly, almost peacefully, and confirmed that his boyfriend was unaware. Jungkook had never met someone… not so much shameless, though that was definite, but more… uncaring. Jungkook could tell in that moment, that Taehyung just genuinely did not care if his boyfriend found out or not.Jungkook left immediately, each movement stiff and forced, and Taehyung just turned over and went back to sleep easily, guilt-free and relaxed.Jungkook tried to distance himself after that. But Taehyung came up to him everyday, like it was a game to him, a fun challenge he’d taken on... and it was hell. Taehyung acted so bright and sweet and innocent, and Jungkook fell for it every time, despite already having an inkling of what Taehyung’s true personality was like. He’d walked into Taehyung’s trap on his own two feet, and now that he was caught, Taehyung didn’t let him go. He didn't let him breathe for a second, always smiling up at him in that mesmerising way, touching him with gentle brushes that lingered just a little too long, teasing him with subtle, inviting movements of his body.Once Jungkook had tasted him, he couldn't stop wanting more.So before long, he'd given in. He'd reached out as Taehyung walked in front of him. He snaked an arm around his narrow waist and tugged him back sharply into his body, fingers creeping beneath his shirt. The tiny surprised sound Taehyung made, somewhere between a gasp and a whimper, escaping his lips as a breath of helpless want… It drove him wild. So their lips met again and their bodies joined once more later that night, and each stolen moment, each unlawful, morally forbidden touch was that much more tantalising, that much more addicting. It made him dizzy. It made him  want. That night Taehyung kept repeating how badly he wanted Jungkook all to himself, as endless moans and prayers spilled from his slack lips, breathing how badly he needed Jungkook’s touch and wanted his taste alone. Then by morning he was calling his boyfriend, saying “I miss you” and giggling softly as he made plans to go on a date in the afternoon. Jungkook didn't think either was a lie.It was repulsive, it was ugly, it was cruel, but Jungkook didn't stop. Even if Taehyung didn't think so, at night Taehyung belonged to him. He worshipped and pleasured that perfect, irresistible body till tears filled those beautiful eyes and Taehyung begged for more with hoarse, desperate cries.Jungkook was far gentler when he touched Taehyung’s body than he'd ever been with anyone else. But it wasn't to be nice. He purposefully went agonisingly slow, teasing Taehyung and making him want more, making him reach out and seek Jungkook’s heat, making him want Jungkook. He'd slide his hands all over his body except where Taehyung wanted him to touch the most, he'd kiss every inch of skin except the most sensitive place. He’d touch and kiss compulsively, obsessively, and align their bodies just so, making Taehyung writhe and arch and lose his mind. He wouldn't give in and give Taehyung what he wanted till Taehyung told him what he wanted to hear, till he said “I want you alone”.That in itself was a blatant, shameless lie, but in that moment it wasn't. And Jungkook found himself sinking deeper and deeper beneath the numbing waves of Taehyung’s allure, and he discovered that that was all he needed to keep going.Taehyung of course broke up with his boyfriend at the time quite soon after, as he never kept the same one for very long. By the time he was on his fourth boyfriend since Jungkook first met him, Jungkook was in love. He hated it with every fibre of his being, and he rejected it with all that he had at the start. But Taehyung had stopped finding him just for sex, and sometimes they would just talk for hours, aimless and unhurried, and Taehyung would grab his hand before he left and steal sweet kisses by the riverbed of the park they often met at. Jungkook felt like he was in high school again, faced with his first love.He fell in love with the sound of Taehyung’s laughter, and the smile in his voice when he called Jungkook’s name.He started wanting more and more, more of what he couldn't have. He wanted Taehyung to himself, he wanted his undivided love and attention, and he wanted something pure. Three things he couldn't get. So he became a little petty, a little possessive, and one day he held Taehyung down and left a map of hickeys marking his body for his boyfriend to find. Unsurprisingly, they broke up the next day.Taehyung laughed and asked Jungkook why he did that, and Jungkook just yanked him forward and held him close, letting his silence answer. Taehyung didn't say anything and just returned the hug slowly, almost gingerly.“I love you” had rolled off Jungkook’s tongue all too easily, all too suddenly one wintry night as Taehyung ran up to him on the street, breath misting in the air before him as he wrapped his scarf tighter around his neck. Taehyung hadn't looked surprised by the statement, but looked a little thrown off at the timing, and more so when Jungkook didn't follow it up with anything. He'd had another boyfriend at the time.It'd been another couple months before Taehyung returned the statement, but Jungkook didn't mind the wait, because everything was perfect in that moment. He didn't know exactly when, but he knew Taehyung truly had fallen in love with him too. He could see it in the bashful way Taehyung smiled when he caught Jungkook’s attention, and how he cleared his throat a little before whispering those three words.Later Jungkook had asked him why he'd been so shy in that moment, since it sure wasn't a part of his character. Taehyung just snuggled in closer against his body and replied that he'd never said it to anyone before. Jungkook believed him, because he knew Taehyung never lied.That's what he kept repeating to himself, over and over, after they started dating, whenever Taehyung would come back home with the smell of another man on his body. Taehyung had never once told him or even suggested that he was going to stop sleeping around, and Jungkook had been fully aware of that when he'd asked him out. Taehyung never apologised, and Jungkook never asked him to.~“Hey. Let's stop today.” The guy suddenly spoke quietly, calmly, reaching up and nudging Jungkook’s shoulder. He blinked, jolting back to the present, yanking his mind back from where it chased after the image of Taehyung’s body. The guy Jungkook often rebounded on, whose name he always ended up forgetting during sex, smiled wryly up at him.“Sorry. This isn't doing anything for you, is it?” Jungkook murmured, lifting his body up. The guy laughed, letting his fingers trail down Jungkook’s chest, pausing before dropping away.“Just looking at you does plenty for me. But you're not into this at all today. Let's stop.” The guy smiled easily, pleasantly, and Jungkook had never felt like more of a dickhead.“I… I'm sorry. I feel bad… I mean, I called you over and everything.” Jungkook muttered. The guy laughed again, shaking his head and pushing Jungkook away lightly.“Yeah? Well we can just cuddle or make out or something. Or talk about your relationship problems.” The guy offered with a bright grin. Jungkook just laughed and shifted to the side, wrapping an arm around his waist and burying his head into his chest. This guy was always so easy going like this. Unlike a certain person Jungkook knew.“Why do you always wanna hear about Taehyung and I?” Jungkook mumbled into his warm skin. The guy hummed in thought, threading his fingers through Jungkook’s hair.“I dunno. It's interesting. I'm pretty invested in your relationship at this point, to be honest. I feel like I know this Taehyung, even though I've never met him before.” The guy mused thoughtfully, and Jungkook snorted.“Right. Well, I got dumped again this morning. I'm in a pretty shitty mood, because we fought over fucking nothing again, and I didn't see him for a week, in which I  know he was with some other guy… and then he suddenly called me outside to break up with me again.” Jungkook explained quietly, trying for casual and careless and falling short.“How long’s this break gonna last, do you reckon?” The guy asked curiously. Jungkook stiffened, swallowing as the tired, hopeless stirrings of despair he'd been suppressing crept over his body again.“I… I don't know. I'm scared. I know I love him more than he loves me… and the gap is growing. Every time we break up, he gets a little colder, a little angrier, and the time it takes for us to get back together gets a little longer. I can't… I can't count on him coming back anymore.” Jungkook whispered, unable to pretend he wasn't breaking into uneven shards, trembling and cracking under the pressure of Taehyung’s fickle, unhealthy love.“I know this is pretty much impossible for you but… ever thought about letting him go?” The guy spoke quietly, seriously, and Jungkook let out a long sigh. Of course he had. He thought about it every day.“If he just stopped coming back, I think I could just do that. I might go insane, but who knows, maybe I'll meet someone new. But even when we break up, he always comes to me. He doesn't let me stop loving him. He comes to me when he's happy and wants to talk to me, he comes to me when he's crying and wants to be held. And of course, he comes to me when he wants sex.” Jungkook replied, listless and distant.It was like Taehyung couldn't stay away from him. Sometimes Taehyung came to him and begged him so desperately, it was as if Jungkook’s touch was the only thing that could keep him alive. Sometimes he started crying in the middle of a kiss and he would hit Jungkook’s shoulder and chest over and over, as if angry that he was back in Jungkook’s arms, angry that he couldn't control himself and stay away. As if he was angry that he couldn't stop loving him.“Why even break up then?” The guy sounded confused and Jungkook shook his head slowly.“I have no clue… The only difference of when we’re together and when we’re not is that I'm not allowed to call him mine when we’re not. And everything is at his pace. He comes to me when he wants to, and I wait for him.” Jungkook explained simply, to which the guy snorted in disbelief. It was true. Taehyung had never stated this rule, or imposed anything of the sort on him, but Jungkook never tried breaching it all the same. He knew he could never turn Taehyung away, but if he went to Taehyung of his own accord, Taehyung was very capable of shutting the door in his face.“Uh, sorry but honestly, it sounds like everything is at his pace all the time anyway. No offense but, what a dick.” The guy commented dryly and Jungkook laughed, closing his eyes.“None taken, from either of us. Even if you said that to his face, he'd just smile and agree.”~The first time they broke up was over something really stupid. In all honesty, every time they broke up it was over something stupid. Jungkook couldn't even remember exactly what it was about, but he was pretty sure it had something to do with rubbish on the kitchen counter. Of course that wasn't the main, sole reason for them to break up, but it was little things like this that accumulated over time. Every day, an added dissatisfaction or annoyance would appear, and each time they argued over who did what and who was right and who was wrong, the hostility and irritation grew.
 “I can't do this anymore. Let's break up.” 
Taehyung had said, as if it had been hard for him. Maybe it had been. From what Jungkook knew, Taehyung never broke up with anyone, it was always his partners that would break it off once they realised Taehyung’s heart didn't lie with them, or once they reached their limit of tolerance.It was a small, fucked up victory, but Jungkook felt a sense of vindictive satisfaction that he'd been a first for Taehyung. A first heartbreak. Or heartache, rather. Back then, though it felt like it, that level of sadness couldn't even measure up to heartbreak.Jungkook had been surprised the first time Taehyung came to his door not long after they'd broken up. He hadn't expected to see Taehyung again so soon, perhaps ever, and he certainly hadn't expected Taehyung to press their bodies together and kiss him with a desperate hunger that screamed how much he'd missed him. He hadn't questioned it though, and he pulled Taehyung inside and locked the door behind him without a second thought. He'd been equally as desperate, deprived of the touch he'd grown hopelessly addicted to, scarily dependent on, months before they'd even started dating.Taehyung appeared on his doorstep every other night for another month before finally asking Jungkook if he wanted to get back together again.The less Jungkook could have Taehyung, the more desperately he wanted him. The more Taehyung played around with other men, the more his sweet smile wordlessly demanded of him… the more Jungkook loved him. And just like that, they kept repeating the same mistakes over and over for years, as if either of them still believed that they could ever work out in the end. Jungkook had believed that up until the last time they broke up. He wondered when Taehyung had stopped believing. Or if he ever had.~Jungkook hadn’t seen Taehyung since graduating college in spring.Maybe this time, it was over for good.Jungkook didn’t know if that was a good or bad thing. At least Taehyung had stopped using him for sex. At least now Taehyung didn’t show up at his door late at night, every time Jungkook dared to think to himself that he might be able to let him go and slowly forget him, or begin to think of him only as his best and worst memory. At least Taehyung didn’t come and go now, bringing with him the taste of other people on his lips, bringing his desperation and loneliness, and leaving Jungkook feeling simultaneously so empty he could barely breathe, and so full he could burst.But he missed him so much it was driving him insane.He missed the sound of his voice, his smiles - the soft, sleepy ones and the sharp, somewhat cold and calculating ones - his scent, the way he mumbled “good morning” and whispered “goodnight”, his bright, bubbly laughter, and the heat of his body. He missed his quick wit and sharp tongue, and he missed the way his eyes would melt with warmth when Jungkook whispered “I love you”.It’d been three months, and he’d started dating someone else, someone far less poisonous, but at the same time less radiant and beautiful.“Night, babe.” Jungkook pulled his girlfriend back into a quick, sweet kiss just before she left, beneath the weak, flickering light outside his door. She smiled happily, brightly, and didn't pull away immediately, leaning up for another kiss.“Hurry up and go to sleep. You better not be late tomorrow. The museum closes at lunch, remember.” She reminded with a mock stern voice, poking his forehead. Jungkook laughed, reaching out to stroke her hair once, affectionately.“Got it. I'll pick you up at eight, I haven't forgotten.” Jungkook grinned and shooed her away goodnaturedly. She flashed him a pleased, cheery smile, and turned to walk off without another word. Jungkook’s smile faded as soon as she turned around, and he ran his hand through his hair, leaning against the doorframe with his eyes closed for a second.He liked her. He really did. It was safe and comfortable with her, and he genuinely cared about her interests, her as a person, and cared for her wellbeing. He liked being with her, and wanted to be with her. He really did.But he had to remind himself of that, sometimes, when he felt it was all a bit hollow and fake. Bland. Boring. He appreciated and cherished her, and they were good together. They supported each other and helped each other grow. They were friends and lovers, and they enjoyed each other’s company. It was how a couple was meant to be. A textbook healthy relationship. But Jungkook had never desired her or anyone else with that fierce frenzy of passion. That without, sometimes he just felt empty.It wasn’t her fault at all, no. She could never match the chaotic whirlwind that was a particular someone in his life, and she could never give him the wild, fiery, intoxicating romance filled with barbs and thorns he’d grown used to. But it was better this way. Just because he was used to it didn’t meant it was right.“A date at the museum? How romantic.” Taehyung’s soft voice suddenly sounded a few metres away. Jungkook jumped in surprise. He opened his eyes to see Taehyung leaning against the railing of the corridor wrapping around the length of the side of the building. An unreadable expression rested on his lovely face. He never got jealous when he saw Jungkook with other people, but he was never happy about it either.All other thoughts were wiped from his mind, just upon seeing him. Jungkook didn't bother asking how long he'd been standing there, and why he'd just been watching them, or why he was even there. It was pointless. He was just pathetically happy to see him. It'd been a much longer time than he'd expected. God, how he’d missed him.“She likes art.” Jungkook replied simply, neutrally, and Taehyung hummed, pushing himself off the railing and walking over, all at his own pace. Jungkook didn't know why he even bothered standing still with a calm expression plastered on his face, as if he wasn't itching to reach out and pull Taehyung into his arms.Taehyung slid his warm fingers over his jaw and up through his hair, leaning in for a slow, lingering kiss that burned Jungkook’s lips and clouded his eyes. Fuck, he’d missed Taehyung’s taste so badly he had no idea how he was keeping himself together right now. There was an absence of desperation today in Taehyung’s slow movements. Maybe he was here after having sex with some other guy just earlier. Jungkook didn't care, snaking his arms around Taehyung’s waist and tugging him forward against his body, holding him close, intimately and possessively, just because he could.“Do you love her?” Taehyung asked softly, calmly, and Jungkook took his time replying, pressing slow kisses down his neck. He tugged the neck of his shirt down to expose more of that unbearably warm, flawless skin and kiss lower.“Does it matter? I obviously love you more.” Jungkook replied emotionlessly. Taehyung just hummed in response, letting a small, irresistible gasp slip out as Jungkook grazed his collarbone with his teeth.“So you're okay with cheating on her with me tonight? Because I really wanna move this inside.” Taehyung breathed, whimpering softly and grabbing onto Jungkook’s shirt as Jungkook licked the shell of his ear, curling his tongue over the small earring and tugging at it gently with his teeth. Jungkook snorted his words, blowing over his skin gently, teasingly, feeling the usual dizzying, overwhelming addicting spike of heat as Taehyung shivered against his body and pressed himself closer.It was so unfair to his girlfriend. He was, for being an unfaithful piece of shit, and Taehyung was as well, for just being him. Anyone would pale in comparison.“When am I ever not?” Jungkook replied dryly and yanked Taehyung forward sharply, tugging him inside past the door without wasting another second. Taehyung giggled and fell into his arms, visibly pleased, and Jungkook loved him when he was like this, soft, happy and easy to love. But then again Jungkook loved him when he wasn't, as well.Later, when Taehyung lay in his arms, sleepy and sated, he whispered cruel, honest, empty words in Jungkook’s ear. Words that Jungkook heard over and over, time and time again, words that he was sick and tired of, but words that he craved to hear so desperately, words that he ate up like a man on the brink of starvation.“I miss you.” Taehyung whispered softly, almost inaudibly, and Jungkook closed his eyes, chest constricting painfully as he shifted a little and pulled Taehyung closer. He smelt so sweet… like lingering traces of shampoo, like the fresh air beneath the summer sun, like crisp apple slices.“Yeah? I miss you too. I miss you so much.” Jungkook murmured, tightening his arms a little and losing himself in the feeling of how perfectly Taehyung’s soft body fit against his. Taehyung curled his fingers against Jungkook’s chest, pressing his face into his skin with an airy sigh.“Don't go tomorrow.” Taehyung breathed, words floaty and weightless. Light and insubstantial as they were, each word still managed to land precise, heavy blows on Jungkook’s aching heart. “Don’t go to her. Stay with me.”Jungkook wanted to laugh. How selfish. How typical.“If I don't go… will you really stay? If I stay with you tomorrow, and the day after, and the day after that, and I lose her… will you be mine again?” Jungkook asked, too tired of it all to keep the barbs out of his voice. He was tired of trying to salvage this. He was tired of backing down, compromising, giving in to Taehyung each time. Of course, he still wanted to. He still loved him and wanted him with the force of blinded, unguided, wild frenzy, but tonight… he just didn't have the strength. Taehyung didn't reply immediately, entire body stiffening and freezing solid with tension.“I… can't. You don't know how much I cried after the last time we fought. I just can't do that again… at least, not anytime soon.” Taehyung spoke a little shakily, voice broken and hoarse, and Jungkook wondered for the thousandth time how someone that held so much power over Jungkook’s mind, body and heart… could be so weak. But he loved him for being weak, needy, unfair, manipulative and cruel. He loved every bit. He wanted all of it.“Then I won’t stay. I’ll go to her tomorrow.” Jungkook replied simply, bluntly, and he wondered if Taehyung ever thought  he  was cruel, as he kissed the top of his head, stroking the soft skin of his lower back gently. Perhaps he did, as Jungkook felt a drop of something wet against his skin. Taehyung was crying. It hurt, it ripped and teared at Jungkook’s chest, the pain nauseating and paralysing, but Taehyung deserved it.Jungkook hated making Taehyung cry. He hated it when Taehyung was in pain, hurting because of Jungkook. He would rather want Taehyung to be cold and distant once more, pulling away from Jungkook’s touch, closing off his heart and regarding him with estranged, emotionless eyes. Maybe he really was a masochist. He wanted empty, courteous kisses again.But he wasn’t going to retract his words. Taehyung couldn’t expect to have Jungkook all to himself if he wasn’t prepared to give the same - at least while Jungkook had someone else. That was just about the last intact shred of pride and dignity Jungkook held onto.Taehyung was gone by morning. Jungkook woke up to cold sheets and the last fading traces of Taehyung’s sweet smell.~Jungkook didn’t see Taehyung for another three months. He had no idea whether Taehyung was doing it on purpose, but it seemed to be timed with the change of the seasons. It was getting colder now.But it was unplanned so he guessed they met just by chance, beside the banks of the river that had shone so brightly in past summers, but looked so dull and lifeless to Jungkook’s eyes now. Taehyung looked the same, breathtakingly beautiful as always, and Jungkook swallowed, needing to close his eyes for a second to compose himself. He kept his distance, standing a safe metre away as he broke the silence first.“How've you been?” Jungkook greeted him quietly, distantly. Taehyung smiled, gazing down at the water.“...Good.” Taehyung replied simply, pausing for a second before glancing up at Jungkook, wordlessly returning the question. Jungkook chose not to answer, searching for himself in the reflection of Taehyung’s beautiful eyes. Taehyung held his stare for a few moments more, before dropping his head, as if defeated. There was a bittersweet smile on his face as he spoke again. “I have a boyfriend.”“As usual.” Jungkook muttered, maybe a little petty. Taehyung gave a short, wry laugh.“I think I might be serious about him this time. He makes me happy. He's so attractive, and bright and funny… He loves me very much, and accepts that I cheat on people, and that I always have and probably always will. I think I love him too.” Taehyung murmured, lifting his head and gazing up at the reddened leaves above them with a small, content smile that made Jungkook feel sick. It was only autumn, but Jungkook felt a chill seep into his bones like ice carried through wintry air.“I accept that about you too. And we both know you love me.” Jungkook countered, and Taehyung turned to him, expression so blank and unreadable Jungkook could hardly breathe.  So why not me? The words were not spoken but heard clearly in the silent air between them.“I do.” Taehyung replied softly, in a gentle way that pierced Jungkook’s heart and tore it open for the world to see. Taehyung took a slow, hesitant step towards him, then another, and another, until he stood right before him. Jungkook could only blame himself for being too weak to move away, as Taehyung leant forward and pressed a soft, chaste kiss to his lips. Jungkook wanted to scream and curse and shove him back as roughly as he could.  How much more do you want?  But he just stood still, wanting Taehyung’s lips back on his the very moment he drew away.“Don't kiss me anymore.” Jungkook forced himself to say through gritted teeth, swallowing the building burn in his throat down as much as he could. Taehyung paused, something flashing in his eyes, something like a forlorn melancholy that Jungkook didn’t think he had much right to feel.“Finally had enough?” Taehyung whispered, and Jungkook really, really hated him. He knew exactly how Jungkook felt. He knew how much he hurted him, and he still did it anyway. And now that Jungkook was trying his best to place a limit, building a barrier in place and trying to protect himself like he should’ve years ago…  Taehyung  felt sad?“You're so cruel, Taehyung. I always knew that, and I've accepted you… all of you… but it still hurts. You know what you do to me when you touch me. You're such a heartless bitch. But even so, you're still so beautiful to me.” Jungkook breathed, laughing a little, empty and humorless. Taehyung didn’t even flinch, but as Jungkook watched, his eyes shined a little with slowly gathering tears, gleaming like glass. It was easier to think of his eyes as shards of glass, cold and unfeeling. That way Jungkook didn’t have to think about how brightly and warmly they glowed with so much life and happiness whenever he laughed.“I love you.” Taehyung murmured, like an apology that Jungkook wished he didn’t want to hear.“Then show me that you do.” Jungkook replied flatly, tiredly, knowing he wouldn’t, and Taehyung just swallowed, glancing away.“See you around.”~Jungkook thought that had been goodbye. He’d wanted it to be.“Why are you here?” Jungkook managed to force out after getting over the initial shock of seeing Taehyung standing on his doorstep again for the first time in half a year. He could barely speak, completely, utterly mesmerised by the gleam of Taehyung’s deep, beautiful eyes in the dark. His body, a dark, inviting shape edged with silver beneath the night sky seemed to sway ever so slightly, calling out for Jungkook to touch and make up for the lost months.“You've never asked me this before.” Taehyung’s voice sounded oddly thin, strained as if it was hard to breathe. Jungkook stood his ground, shaking himself and clutching onto his resolve that threatened to shatter just by looking into Taehyung’s lonely, desperate eyes brimming with emotion.“You've never been this serious about your boyfriend before. You haven't come to me in six months.” Jungkook spoke tightly. He gripped the doorframe for support, digging his fingers into the wood to keep himself still, to hold himself back.“And it's killing me.” Taehyung whispered, stepping forward and wrapping his arms around Jungkook’s waist, burying his head into the crook of his neck and holding on tightly. Jungkook felt something splinter in his chest and he struggled to fight against every instinct that screamed at him to return the embrace and pull Taehyung even closer. He smelt so irresistibly sweet, as he always did, and Jungkook hadn't felt this scarily powerful, mind numbing intoxication in far too long, already feeling his mind begin to cloud over in a soft red haze.“Taehyung-” Jungkook started weakly, but Taehyung cut him off, seeming to sense his attempt at telling him no.“Please. I miss you so much I might go insane.” Taehyung pleaded, voice trembling with emotion and catching on a sob that stabbed at Jungkook’s already bleeding heart. Jungkook gritted his teeth so hard he could hear them grind. He used every ounce of his willpower to shove Taehyung away, dizzy and almost staggering back from the effort of fighting himself. Taehyung just stared at him with those wide, wide eyes flooded with pain. Jungkook felt his knees go weak.“You've never pushed me away before.” Taehyung murmured slowly, like he couldn't quite believe it. Jungkook gave a short, empty laugh, crossing his arms over his chest and closing himself away.“I never had the strength to.” Jungkook muttered, low and bitter. Something hardened in Taehyung’s eyes, his pain morphing into the cruel edge to the soft smile he gave. Jungkook could see it in Taehyung’s eyes that he wasn't going to back down till he got what he wanted tonight.He took a step closer, reaching up for his own shirt buttons and undoing them slowly, going down one by one, maddeningly controlled and teasing. Jungkook hated that he couldn't tear his eyes away no matter how hard he tried, as Taehyung slipped his shirt off his shoulders and let it slide down his arms to fall to the floor. His bare skin glowed a tantalising silver in the moonlight, and Jungkook could feel his pupils shaking as Taehyung reached out to grab his hand, guiding his trembling fingers over to touch.“And you do now?” Taehyung asked, his tone undeniably cold and derisive, though his voice remained mockingly soft. He was right. Of course Jungkook didn't have the strength now, either.It was laughable, really. Even though Taehyung was the one desperate for him, the one whose eyes were filled with so much pain and loneliness, he still managed to keep things at his pace, going exactly how he wanted. He was able to toy around with Jungkook effortlessly because Jungkook always weakened so easily to his every demand, just by the look in his eyes and the sight of his body.Jungkook gave in, like he knew he would. He pulled Taehyung inside, kicking the door shut and dragging him through the corridors into the bedroom. Taehyung just went with him easily, a small, darkly satisfied smile curling his lips as Jungkook shoved him down on the bed roughly. Taehyung was angry at something, Jungkook could tell, even as his smile sweetened and he lay back, soft and pliant, letting Jungkook set the pace.“I love you so much.” Taehyung breathed like a gentle prayer as Jungkook climbed over him and ran greedy hands over every inch of perfect, inviting bare skin. He felt rational thought already begin to dissipate into nothingness from the dizzying feel of Taehyung’s body beneath his fingertips.“Obviously not enough.” Jungkook muttered as he forced himself to pull back for a second to tug his own shirt off, tossing it aside carelessly. Taehyung’s eyes glittered with a strange mixture of displeasure and pained sadness as he reached up and curled his fingers around the back of Jungkook’s neck, tugging him back down.“No. I love you more than I love him.” Taehyung replied almost with a hiss, eyes simultaneously flashing heatedly with challenge and drowning in longing. His fingers dug into the back of Jungkook’s neck painfully, as if daring him to dispute the statement. He  was angry. Taehyung’s touch was never this forceful, his tone never this intent and unyielding when he lay beneath Jungkook like this. It didn't have to be. It wasn't part of his character. All Taehyung had to do was flutter his eyelashes, arch his back a little and smile up at him to make him completely lose his mind. He always seemed to prefer that approach, keeping everything soft and sensual. But today… maybe he was just pissed off. But two could play at that game.“Then why?” Jungkook growled, ripping Taehyung’s hand off him and pinning it down beside his head by the wrist. Taehyung glowered up at him for a few tense, defiant moments. Then the fire died in his eyes and he let his stare drop. He suddenly looked like he was about to cry. Before Jungkook could instinctively regret, Taehyung answered him, blinking rapidly to keep the tears at bay. Of course he knew exactly what Jungkook had been asking again.  Why not me? “We just don't work. You know that as well as I do.” Taehyung replied quietly, suddenly tired and defeated. Jungkook had to close his eyes, turning his head away sharply.“Then why don't you just leave me alone and stay away once and for all so we can forget about each other?” Jungkook sighed, unable to even try and keep the misery and despair from his voice. It'd been five years of this shit. He was tired.“I… can't. I told you. I love you. I need to feel your touch. I need to hear your voice.” Taehyung spoke softly, voice barely above a whisper.“I hate you.” Jungkook muttered into his warm skin as he leant down to press his lips against his neck.One more night. He couldn't do this anymore. This would be the last time.~“Hey. Thanks for coming.” Taehyung greeted quietly, offering a small, polite smile. Jungkook took a seat opposite him at the small café table, pretending as though he hadn't frozen solid for a good ten seconds when he'd stepped into the café and caught sight of Taehyung for the first time in… it must've been a year now. Taehyung still hadn't changed, it was almost infuriating. He still shone brighter than the summer sunlight streaming in through the windows, radiant and beautiful.It was getting better now, but then again, it wasn’t. Jungkook could sometimes go for days without thinking about Taehyung once, going about his life normally, happily, and pushing haunting thoughts of Taehyung’s smile to the back of his mind. But then some days, it just caught him. All the feelings that had never died down, the emotions that had never faded. His regrets, his longing, his loneliness, his hunger, his love. Jungkook was happier now in general, but he also cried more often.Looking at the way Taehyung sat rigidly in his seat, hands in his lap, no food or drink sitting before him… this looked to be a short conversation. Taehyung certainly hadn't called him here to have lunch together. Perhaps that was for the best. Every second spent seeing Taehyung’s lovely face was nothing short of torture.“I haven't seen you around in a while.” Jungkook forced himself to speak normally, as lightly and casually as he could. Taehyung nodded, gaze drifting off to the side as he brought his arms up to rest them against the table.“Mm… I haven't been around these parts.” Taehyung replied a little distractedly as he watched something outside the window with blank, unseeing eyes. Jungkook wondered what he was thinking about, that had him so visibly preoccupied. He wondered why he’d called him here today.“Figured. How's everything? Are you… Have you been okay?” Jungkook asked a little hesitantly, awkwardly, and Taehyung didn’t even seem to have heard him, a glassy sheen to his eyes as he continued to stare absently out the window.“I'm getting married.”What?Jungkook didn’t know if he’d voiced that aloud or not. He stared at Taehyung mutely, in a momentary, blissfully blank stupor. What…?Taehyung was… getting married?He could only continue to stare in silence, all words dried up on his tongue that weighed heavy as lead. He understood the words. But the meaning wasn’t clicking. It wasn’t making sense in the terrifyingly blank, uninterrupted white expanse of his mind. Then his unfocused eyes drifted down to the glint of silver resting on Taehyung’s finger. An engagement ring.It was like a switch had been flipped, like his entire world had split in two, like the floor had opened up beneath him and he was suddenly tumbling down into an endless void. Shock couldn’t quite describe it. He couldn’t breathe. Black spots teased the edge of his vision, and he dimly registered that his fingers were shaking. Nausea slammed into him with the force of a physical blow, such that he almost blacked out just like that, as Taehyung smiled slightly.“It's funny right? Someone like me getting married… I never saw myself as someone who would reach that point. But I guess… I guess it just worked out this way.” Taehyung mused distantly to himself, the gleam of a world of endless new possibilities captured in his softly curved eyes. A world Jungkook always knew he could never be a part of, and gave up on hoping for, but now… It was forever closed off to him completely.He’d always known Taehyung would eventually marry someone else, someone who didn’t make him cry, someone with whom his relationship  worked, no compromises, no breaks, no fights that lasted for months on end. He and Taehyung were both so much older now, than when they’d first met. Twenty-six was an expected, reasonable age to get married. It wasn’t like Jungkook hadn’t known how serious Taehyung was about his boyfriend for the past two years.So why was he so shocked his tongue could barely remember how to produce words? Why did devastation weigh down every inch of his body, tearing his world asunder, blackening the brightness of the day and freezing the warmth of the summer? Why did blinding pain rip and gnaw at his heart that felt like it had burst into a million fragments the moment the words had sunken in?But all he replied with was,“Congratulations.”Taehyung didn’t looked surprised or fazed by his short, simple answer, turning his head back to smile faintly at him. God help him, Taehyung was so beautiful. Jungkook returned the smile with a bland, deceivingly steady one of his own that he himself was impressed by. He was beyond amazed he could even produce a smile right now. Taehyung slid a pretty, tinted gold card across the table to him, withdrawing his hand before it got too close. A wedding invitation.“Will you come to the wedding?” Taehyung asked far too brightly, cheerily, to match the deadened look in his eyes. Jungkook clenched his fingers into a tight fist, barely hanging onto his sanity by the skin of his teeth. What was Taehyung looking so resigned about? What was he looking so lost for? What was he looking at Jungkook like that for? If this wasn’t making him happy, what was the fucking point? Who was he doing this for? Didn’t his boyfriend - no, his fiance - make him happy? Didn’t getting married make him happy?Jungkook didn’t voice any of this. It wasn’t any of his business anymore.He stood, taking the invitation card out of politeness more than any actual consideration of attending the wedding.“I'll see you around.” Jungkook gave a small, insincere smile, and Taehyung’s smile dropped as if in response.“Jungkook.” Taehyung spoke softly. He didn’t follow it up with anything, not stating anything or asking anything of him. Just calling his name. Jungkook met his gaze evenly for a few silent moments, drinking in the sight of his face that never ceased to steal his breath away. Then he smiled, still small, but for real this time.“I still love you.” Jungkook murmured quietly, resigned smile widening a little as Taehyung’s expression twisted. Jungkook watched him press his hand tightly over his mouth, pain exploding in his reddening eyes as he finally allowed his emotions to come through.“I…” Taehyung whispered, a tear dropping from the corner of his eye to land on his finger, an abrupt, ever so brief gleam. Jungkook could only nod and hold up a hand to stop him from finishing that sentence. If he didn’t stop Taehyung from saying the words that didn’t belong to him anymore, he might never be able to leave.“I know. Don't say it. Stay faithful to him from now on.” Jungkook smiled a little wider still, letting his voice drop down to a low, soft and almost warm tone of encouragement. What the fuck was wrong with him. He was paralysed by so much pain he could barely move, yet here he was, trying to offer Taehyung a bit of warmth, a last little bit of support. Taehyung just nodded, what Jungkook could see of his expression crumpling as another tear rolled down his cheek. Jungkook turned away without another word, walking away before he could no longer force himself. He knew he was going to go home and scream his throat hoarse, and cry himself to sleep tonight. Might as well get a headstart on that.Jungkook ended up going to the wedding. He wore funereal black, as if he was mourning someone’s death rather than celebrating a joyous occasion. He hadn’t done it consciously, but perhaps he’d been mourning his own.~It had been four months since the wedding. Only four months. Yet here Taehyung was again, standing on Jungkook’s doorstep, shivering slightly from the winter cold, breathing heavily as if he’d run the whole way here.“Thank God. I thought you might've moved. You changed your number.” Taehyung spoke breathlessly, a sick, crazed sort of relief flooding his voice. His chest was heaving slightly as he stood there, staring at Jungkook with eyes so haunted Jungkook felt his slowly mending heart completely shatter again, just like that. Jungkook quickly snapped himself out of his inevitable shock and stepped outside, shutting the door behind him so his girlfriend wouldn’t see them from the living room. Just in case Taehyung did anything stupid.“Don't you dare try and come inside.” Jungkook growled in warning, sharpening his eyes to flint. He glaring as icily as he was able to, to try and get Taehyung to back off now, before he did anything that might cloud Jungkook’s better judgment. It had been ridiculously immoral and risky even back then when they were younger - there was too much more at stake now. Jungkook absolutely could not allow anything to happen. Taehyung was married. Jungkook was thinking of proposing to his girlfriend soon. Taehyung didn’t belong here anymore.Yet, Jungkook wanted to melt at Taehyung’s feet just from being able to see him again like this, being able to see his gorgeous face so close, being able to touch if he just reached out in front of him.“No, I- I’m not going to try anything. I just miss you. I wanted to talk to you.” Taehyung replied hastily, a little nervously. His voice was thin and strained as if trying to suppress the obvious fear that was written all over his miserable face - that Jungkook might deny him. Jungkook felt all fight and resolve just drain out of him in a rush, leaving him as an empty, cracked husk lined with nothing but desperate loneliness and a heart that refused to let go. He wanted to touch Taehyung so badly, he craved the feel of his warmth so strongly he stumbled back a step from dizziness. He ran a hand over his face roughly and dropped his head down, not even able to look at Taehyung for too long in case he burst into a million unsalvageable pieces.“Even after all this time… why can’t you leave me alone?” Jungkook cried out in frustration, voice cracking with a dry sob that escaped from his lips out of nowhere.“It gets harder to breathe every day I don't see you.” Taehyung sounded like he was speaking through gritted teeth, and Jungkook lifted his head to see Taehyung take a step closer towards him. He internally screamed at his legs to take a step back, to move away and avoid his touch. But they didn’t listen and he just tipped his head back, letting out a shaky breath as Taehyung wrapped his arms around his neck and pressed himself against Jungkook’s body with an urgency that both scared and exhilarated Jungkook to no end.“Taehyung- don't. You're married.” Jungkook’s protest sounded laughably hollow and half-assed even to him, his voice falling flat by the second word.“And it was the worst decision of my life. I thought- I thought I would be happy, and I honestly would be, since he's so good to me and loves me so sincerely… but I can never forget about you. It's slowly killing me.” Taehyung breathed, sounding absolutely desolate, voice trembling as much as Jungkook hands were as he slowly allowed himself to wrap his arms around Taehyung’s waist.Each word was a shard of pain stabbing into his chest, and he thought, fuck it, he could deal with logic, morals, hate, resolve and all that bullshit later. Right now, he focused only on holding Taehyung close, letting his self-control disintegrate as he hugged him so tightly it was hard to breathe, although, he hadn’t been breathing easy for a good several years now. He rested his chin on Taehyung’s shoulder and let his eyes shut as his warmth bled through his clothes where their bodies touched. Taehyung was shaking, and as he pressed his face into the crook of Jungkook’s neck, Jungkook could feel hot tears against his skin.“Do you regret it?” Jungkook forced out, not wanting to hear either answer, not wanting to hear that Taehyung was here destroying his sanity over something he didn’t regret, but also not wanting to tease himself with the hopeless, unreachable imaginations of what could have been.“Yes. So, so much.” Taehyung’s voice caught on a thick, helpless sob. Jungkook welcomed the burn across the bridge of his nose as his own tears seeped out from under his closed eyelids. Fuck, it hurt. Everything hurt.“So do I. I regret that I didn’t ask you to reconsider. I regret that I didn’t beg you not to leave. I regret that I didn’t stop the wedding and voice my objection, and I regret that I didn’t try and fight to get you back, no matter the outcome.” Jungkook spoke tightly, biting back on each word as they left his lips, even though he knew they couldn’t be held back. Taehyung’s fingers dug into his back.“I love you.” Taehyung uttered miserably, wretchedly, and Jungkook slid his hand up to stroke the back of his neck and hair, as if any gentle caress or intimate gesture could help even the slightest at this point.“I love you too. So much it hurts. And I want you,  fuck, I want you so bad. I want you to be mine, I want to be the one you chose, why… Why wasn’t I the one you chose?” Jungkook’s voice trailed off into a whisper at the end, too weak to maintain any substantial sound as he tightened his grip on the back of Taehyung’s head and the side of his waist, unable to ever hold him close enough. Taehyung just cried harder, each breath heavy and ragged.“Why did you never say that back then? You never chased me. You never fought for me. It's too late now.” Taehyung gasped out, every note of resentment, regret, sadness and love jarringly clear in his broken voice. Jungkook couldn’t say anything to that, knowing it was true. He might have hated Taehyung for controlling the pace all these years, but in reality, Jungkook had never tried making his own. Ever since that first night, he’d never been the one to reach out.He held Taehyung in his arms for just a while longer, stroking his back almost compulsively, committing the feeling of every shudder and tremor against his body to memory, forever locking away the sound of Taehyung’s pain in his mind. He didn’t dare hold on for too long though, in case he could never pull back again. Once Taehyung’s sobs had died away to silent tears, and his shaking had reduced to the occasional shiver-like tremble, Jungkook slid his hands up to grab Taehyung’s shoulders firmly but gently. He pushed him back a little, though it was just about the last thing he wanted to do. Taehyung looked up at him through tear-stained lashes and Jungkook wondered if he would ever see anything more beautiful.“Don’t come back again. Be happy with him.” Jungkook murmured softly, gently, carefully wiping Taehyung’s tears away and, unable to resist, leant in for one last kiss. He let his lips linger, tasting the salt of tears and the sweetness belonging to Taehyung alone. This time, this time for sure, it would be the last. He’d make sure of it. Taehyung didn’t have his phone number anymore, he’d move somewhere far away, and hopefully by then he too would be married, and he could finally, finally leave this behind him.“I won’t forget you. I can’t. Every night, I’ll pray to the stars that I’ll wake up and it’ll be spring again. We’ll both be eighteen again, graduating from high school and seeing each other for the first time.” Taehyung whispered, like a promise, a secret known only between them. Jungkook let his arms drop and stepped back. He knew it wasn’t as simple as turning back time and starting over. They just could not coexist as they were. They would never work out. Perhaps if Taehyung wasn’t calculating and manipulative, and perhaps if Jungkook wasn’t headstrong and stubborn and argumentative, perhaps if their opinions didn’t clash more often than they ever saw eye to eye… who knew what the reason was.But if they were to start over and meet again for the first time, Jungkook would rather want them to be like parallel lines. Similar and harmonious in every which way, but never to connect and touch.Jungkook smiled tiredly.“And I’ll pray that you’ll be alone this time.”~



Afterword


End Notes
I watched a very pretty anime that left me with a lot of Feelings and so I just randomly wrote a little something inspired by those Feelings. This was quite rushed and is not proofread so I hope it makes sense!I lost my train of thought so many times while writing this l m a oThanks for reading!


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



