



Reason the Card - trialanderror12 - Marvel Cinematic
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Reason the Card
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/3344363.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
Marvel Cinematic Universe, Thor (Movies)
Relationship:
Loki/Thor (Marvel), Loki/Thor, Loki & Sif (Marvel)
Character:
Loki (Marvel), Thor (Marvel), Odin (Marvel), Frigga (Marvel), Sif (Marvel)
Additional Tags:
Arranged Marriage, i dunno guys it's 3am what tags should I use you tell me, Sif is awesome, Odin maybe not so much, Angst, Humor, Courtship, Álfheimr | Alfheim
Stats:

        Published: 2015-02-13
          Completed: 2019-05-12
          Chapters: 6/6
        Words: 16888
      

Reason the Card
by trialanderror12
Summary
Odin arranges a political marriage for Thor, for the good of Asgard. Loki, unwilling to see his brother trapped in a loveless marriage, coaches Sif to become Thor's perfect partner—hoping Thor will fall for her and call off the wedding. Will Loki's plan succeed, or will he end up with far more than he bargained for? Loki/Thor.
Notes
"On life's vast ocean diversely we sail,Reason the card, but passion is the gale."
-Alexander Pope




Chapter 1
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




They were about halfway through a quiet family dinner when Odin suddenly spoke up. “I received word from the king of Alfheim today,” he said out of the blue, drawing his wife and sons’ attention. “They have accepted my proposal to eliminate trade restrictions by joining our realms in marriage. They are sending their youngest daughter, Princess Ilyn, to wed Thor as soon as we can make arrangements.”
At first there was silence. Loki felt lightheaded, and shortly after reminded himself to breathe. He had just managed to pull in one shaky breath when Frigga gathered her senses and rounded on Odin.
“Absolutely not,” she said flatly. Her stare was like ice. “You are still King; there is no reason for Thor to wed as yet. And I will have both my sons marry for love, not state.”
Loki had to fight back borderline-hysterical laughter at that. Oh, if she only knew.
Odin remained unphased. “Our trade with Alfheim has suffered greatly of late. Political disputes are rendering our people without many of the items they have become accustomed to. You may not notice here,” Odin told his sons, gesturing to the richly-piled meats, cheeses, and delicacies their table bore, “but among those not so fortunate as to be born with royal blood, many are facing difficulty in these times.” He turned back to Frigga, but kept watch on Thor from the corner of his eye. “A union between the two realms would solve these problems. Thor’s marriage to the princess of Alfheim will return Asgard to prosperity.”
Loki’s mind was racing. Surely there had to be another way. They had to look out for the citizens of Asgard, of course they did. But they couldn’t force Thor into a marriage of convenience to do so. There had to be a diplomatic solution. Alfheim had been working tirelessly to gain easier access to the Bifrost for decades, hadn’t they? Maybe they would lessen trade restrictions in return for a little Asgardian technology. Asgard didn’t trade in science, as a rule, but such a burden upon their people certainly warranted an exception. And anything was better than shackling Thor to a woman he’d never met. Especially not before I tell him how I feel. The thought came unbidden, and Loki quickly tucked it back away where it belonged.
“Then we will find another way!” Frigga insisted, and that was good because Loki wasn’t sure he could form coherent sentences yet. “Loki is a skilled diplomat. I will accompany him to Alfheim—”
“I have made my decision,” Odin said icily, and Loki knew then that something more was going on. Something Odin wasn’t telling them. He’d overheard his parents arguing often enough over the years (usually over the latest mess he and Thor had gotten themselves into), but Odin had never spoken to Frigga that way.
Frigga opened her mouth to retort, but Thor spoke first.
“Mother, please,” he said gently, and there was a softness in his eyes that Loki didn’t think fit the circumstances. “It’s all right,” he continued, leaning back in his chair a bit to catch the eye of both their parents. “I’m perfectly willing to do as Father says.” Loki made a cut-off, choked sound that he sincerely hoped no one heard. Thor kept talking, and no one looked at Loki, so chances were good it had gone unnoticed. “The good of the people is our highest calling. If we don’t look after their interests, who will? It is my duty to protect the citizens of Asgard. And I am happy to do it.”
Loki’s grip on his fork was so tight his hand was shaking. Little drops of blood slid down the handle where it had cut into his finger. This cannot be happening. Who in the nine are you, and what have you done with Thor? His stubborn, abrasive, slightly self-centered brother would never agree to have such a vital choice taken away from him. And with no argument at all, not even a token attempt to assert his own preference? Loki wasn’t foolish enough to think Thor had him in mind, but surely there was someone of his acquaintance who would make for a suitable mate. Wouldn’t Thor rather be paired with someone he knew than a complete stranger?
Odin was nodding, pleased, but Frigga wasn’t anywhere near finished. “Thor, marriage is not an arrangement. It is a lifelong commitment to another person. To love and cherish them, all the rest of your days. To stand by their side always, whatever may come; to share their grief and their joy… To listen to what they have to say, even if you disagree.” She cast a pointed glance in Odin’s direction at that, but he wasn’t paying attention. All his focus was on Thor. Not that there’s anything new about that, Loki thought bitterly. But this wasn’t really the time to dwell on that particular wound. “Marriage is a sacred covenant, and you should enter into it with someone you know you will love for the rest of your life. Your marriage is yours, Thor, and I would not have you waste it on someone who will not give you the love you deserve.”
I will love you for the rest of my life, thought Loki, still unable to take his eyes off Thor. I will remain ever by your side, counsel and defend you, protect you from all that comes, even from yourself. I will do all of those things, even if you never come to love me as I do you. And if you do… Loki swallowed thickly. If you do, I will give you everything I am, the good and the bad, to do with as you will until I draw my last breath. I will always, forever, be yours. Loki took a small, shuddering breath and closed his eyes. Please, please don’t do this. Give me a chance. Let me love you. Look as hard as you like; I swear you will never find another who will love you so much or so well as I.
If only he’d had the courage to say it aloud before. Now it might be too late.
“Mother…” Oh, right. People were still talking. Loki forced himself to release his death grip on the fork and open his eyes. Thor was looking down at his half-empty plate, almost embarrassed, not that Loki had the slightest idea why. The room was quiet for several long moments before Thor met Frigga’s eyes again. “I know that love of which you speak. I have felt it.” The lightheadedness was back with a vengeance, and Loki’s heart was beating at a thousand miles an hour. His mouth was uncomfortably dry—not that he could begin to fathom what he’d say if it weren’t. 
“That’s wonderful, darling,” Frigga said kindly, sending Odin a triumphant look, but Thor shook his head.
“No, I… Well, yes. I suppose it is a blessing to know this love. I wouldn’t trade it.” Thor smiled sadly. “But as much as it is a blessing, it is a curse as well. I’m afraid that the one I love is beyond my reach. We can never be together. As much as I would wish otherwise…” Thor’s eyes went unfocussed for a moment, but he quickly came back to himself. “But it isn’t possible. No amount of wishing will change that. And so… If I have no hope of a marriage that will make me truly happy, should I not jump at the chance to turn that personal loss into Asgard’s gain?” Thor paused, but those gathered around the table kept silent; it was clear he wasn’t finished. 
“Sometimes I struggle to reconcile my decisions with the various weights upon me. I am pulled one way by my wants and needs; physical and emotional desires common to all mankind. And then elsewhere by Father’s teachings, in attempting to make choices that embody a king.” He looked to Frigga. “And then yet another by trying to make you proud, to be the only thing you have ever asked of Loki or I: to be a good man.” Frigga’s gaze softened slightly, and Thor gave her the barest hint of a smile. “In this, I have no such doubts. This is the calling of a king and the choice of a good man, and I want nothing more than to protect the interests of Asgard.”
But what of you? Loki screamed inside. So many love you dearly. You needn’t choose me. But you mustn’t hand yourself over to a stranger who bears you no love. You are worth so much more than that. I could give you so much more.
Odin was nodding curtly, clearly thinking the matter concluded. Loki didn’t think it could be farther from it, but clearly his traitorous mouth wasn’t in the mood to speak. He felt a little faint.
Frigga studied Thor carefully for a moment, and then let out a long, disappointed sigh. “All right, then,” she said, resigned. “I won’t stand against this. But under one condition,” she added firmly, looking back at Odin. “If Thor does find a way to make things work with his true love before the wedding, I insist it be cancelled and Thor allowed a chance at true happiness.”
Odin frowned and turned to Thor, his gaze searching. “You’re sure this suitor won’t come after for you?” he asked, drumming his fingers on the table in thought.
Thor shook his head ruefully. “I am quite certain, Father. They… do not return my affections.” His face drooped a little sadly at that, but Odin seemed satisfied. He leaned back in his chair, clearly glad to have come to a conclusion that didn’t involve being the target of his wife’s anger.
“Very well,” he agreed, grabbing Gungir from its resting place beside the table. “Arrangements with Alfheim will be made.”
He brought the staff down against the floor with a clang, and they all felt the small ripple of magic make its way through the room.
“Should Thor win his true love’s affections before he is wed, the engagement shall be void and he will be free to wed as he chooses. The wedding will take place in 30 days.” The soft humming from the staff subsided, and Odin set it down again.
Yes. Yes, Loki could work with that. Thirty days. He could help Thor fall in love with someone worthy by then. He felt dizzy with relief; everything was going a little swimmy.
“Loki, you’re bleeding!” Loki looked down at his hand in surprise; the fork had dug much deeper into his hand that he’d realized. Copious amounts of blood were pouring over his lap and the tablecloth, and he noticed with some degree of surprise that the deep gash in his palm was causing him quite a bit of pain. He felt suddenly dizzy. He heard shouts of alarm as the world started spinning, and the last thing he knew before he closed his eyes was that Thor’s arms had broken his fall, Thor’s worried face was filling his vision, and he reached up blindly to try to wipe the fear from his eyes but only succeeded in smearing blood on his cheek. The world went dark.



Chapter End Notes
Okay, so Sif doesn't come in until the next chapter, but let me just say this up front: I only tagged this as Loki/Thor for a reason. What happens between Thor and Sif is not enough to merit a "relationship" tag; if it really went anywhere, this wouldn't be Loki/Thor. Sif is also an awesome character and I like her, and nothing in this story will portray her otherwise. All three of them will be perfectly happy in the end, I promise!


Chapter 2



The first thing Loki noticed when he woke was Thor.
He was sitting in a rather uncomfortable-looking chair at Loki’s bedside, chin to his chest and letting out the occasional soft snore. Loki rubbed his eyes and gathered his wits enough to realize he was in his own bed, which meant he couldn’t be in too much danger. He wasn’t sure how to reconcile being well enough to leave the healing chambers with Thor’s overnight vigil.
He turned his hand over to examine his palm; not a single mark. The healers had done an excellent job, not that he’d expected any less. That done, Loki had suddenly run out of things to do. So he turned his head to the left and stared up at Thor, who looked so damn peaceful while he was sleeping that Loki wasn’t sure if he wanted to kiss him or strangle him. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d slept peacefully. There were pros and cons to being constantly on guard, even while trying to rest.
Just as Loki was deciding that even Thor-watching grew old after a while and had begun to form a plan to sneak out of bed without knocking into the too-close chair and waking him up, Thor began to stir. He sat up straight and yawned silently, then opened his eyes. Loki saw first shock, and then relief.
“Loki,” Thor said breathlessly, and if he reached out instinctively to grab Loki’s hand, well, Loki wasn’t complaining. “Are you all right? Do you feel dizzy? Any pain?”
Normally Loki would tease him right now; make a sarcastic remark or enact an obvious (or maybe not-so) show of having a mortal injury. But Thor looked altogether too earnest, and to be honest Loki wasn’t really at his best at the moment. It wasn’t because of his hand—he felt pretty well recovered from that. But everything that had happened at dinner was starting to come back to him, and that was rather overwhelming, to say the least.
“I’m fine,” he reassured Thor, taking a chance and squeezing his hand. When Thor chose to squeeze back instead of letting go, Loki let out a breath he hadn’t known he was holding. “Just still a little tired.”
Thor finally relaxed. “I don’t think I’ve ever been so scared,” he admitted quietly, apparently finding something terribly interesting about the hem of Loki’s sheets. “You were—there was so much blood,” he continued, and Loki held on tighter when his voice broke. “I carried you down to the healing chambers as fast as I could, but you just kept bleeding, you were so pale—”
“Come now, that’s not so different from the everyday, is it?” Loki tried with a half-smile, hoping some humor would pull Thor away from the memory.
Thor let out a hoarse laugh. “I do try to get you out in the sun,” he said mulishly, but he was smiling a little too now so Loki counted it as a win.
He held out his free hand for inspection, showing Thor the seamlessly reknitted skin. “Not even a scar,” he said, then: “Not that this is a war story I’m particularly interested in telling,” and they both laughed. 
Loki sat up in bed and turned to face Thor a bit, their joined hands falling to rest comfortably on his knee. “Seeing as my hand seems perfectly fine… Were the healers worried about something else? The blood loss perhaps? I imagine it must be something serious if they asked you to keep an eye on me all night.”
Thor flushed a bit and looked away, absently pulling his hand from Loki’s to lace his own fingers together nervously as he thought. The loss burned, and it took every ounce of Loki’s willpower not to snatch it back. 
“I just… I wanted to be here when you woke. In case you needed anything.”
And Loki had suspected that, but hearing Thor admit it did things to his heart that he really couldn’t afford to dwell on right now.
“Well,” he said, gesturing expansively at the room and his own person, “as you can see, I am awake now. And I can assure you I am just fine.”
Thor nodded, just a hint of red remaining on his cheeks. “Well, I suppose I’ll leave you to rest, then,” he said awkwardly, getting to his feet and wobbling a little as he did, stifling a yawn with his hand. Loki rolled his eyes and turned back the covers. Thor hesitated only a moment before slipping in beside him, and they curled up together, Loki safe and warm in the cocoon of Thor’s arms, exactly as they had done so often as children. Thor fell asleep almost immediately, but Loki lay awake for some time. He wanted to memorize every detail, so he would never forget how Thor looked or smelled or felt in his embrace. Who knew when (if) he’d have the chance again? 
But eventually Loki’s eyes grew tired, and he laid his head against Thor’s chest and allowed the illusion that Thor was his to comfort him. Tomorrow he’d have to start searching for an appropriate partner for Thor to make his queen. For now, though, he could have this. He was lulled to sleep by the rhythmic beat of Thor’s heart. And for the rest of that night, he slept peacefully.

—————
Loki’s first order of business was find a suitable target. 
With an entire kingdom to choose from, one might think it would be an easy task, but of course nothing in Loki’s life was ever that simple. The lucky lady would have to be genuine enough to impress Mother, and high-born enough for Father to even consider the switch. And then there was everything she would have to be to be worthy of Thor. Well… Loki actually wasn’t sure there was anyone out there who was good enough to deserve Thor. But he was determined to find whoever came closest.
Thor would need a wife who wasn’t afraid to spend time outside in nature, so there went about half of the shut-in courtiers’ daughters that would probably top Odin’s list. She had to be smart, and kind, and beautiful. (There went half the list again.) That still left a fair number of eligible young ladies, though, so how to narrow it down…
Loki snatched a tart from the kitchens on his way outside and chewed slowly as he thought. Thor would also need a good mother for his children. God knows how the two of them would have turned out without Frigga. But who could be all those things? Nurturing enough to give his nieces and nephews a mother like Frigga, but bold and adventurous enough to challenge a partner like Thor? 
Loki was still pondering, crossing the training grounds on his way to a glade where he did some of his best thinking, when a burst of hearty feminine laughter caught his attention. He turned to see Sif bent over double in front of Fandral, whose hat had been cleanly shot off his head.
“It’s not funny!” Fandral snapped, and Loki grinned for several reasons. First: it kind of was. Second: He really, really didn’t like Fandral. Last but not nearly least: Sif was exactly who he was looking for for Thor. 
Why hadn’t he thought of it before? She was a skilled warrior, and all the battles the six of them had fought together had engendered closeness and trust. He still didn’t care for Fandral and thought Volstagg a bit of a brute, but he’d fight to the death for any one of them any day, and he knew they would all do the same. Most importantly, Thor knew it. What more could he want in a wife? Sif was beautiful, courageous in battle, someone Thor could trust with his life… And someone Loki could trust with his secret. This was even better than he’d hoped; not only had he found someone who could make Thor happy, he’d found someone who could keep him safe when Loki wasn’t around to help protect him. He hadn’t realized how much that had been weighing on him until he’d found a solution.
“Sif!” he called out, and she turned around and caught his eye and grinned. She gave him a little wave hello, and he gestured for her to come closer. She turned her head to toss Fandral one last parting remark—a doozy, if the almost constipated look on his face was anything to go by—and jogged over to where he was standing.
“Hey Loki!” She was still smiling brightly. “You want to spar?”
“Not today,” he demurred, but he let the corner of his mouth tick up the tiniest bit to show he appreciated the offer. “Fandral in one of his moods?” he asked, hoping for a little dirt to use against him (in a totally friendly, not-cruel kind of way. Definitely). 
Sif just rolled her eyes. “He’s been in a snit all week. Something about his latest “romance” going wrong. I’m just ignoring it until it goes away.”
“That shouldn’t be too hard; he’ll have another lover in two, three days tops. Then all this lovelorn foolishness will be forgotten.”
“And then he’ll start complaining about her, too!” Sif started laughing again, and Loki actually managed a small smile. Come to think of it, Fandral’s flavor-of-the-week love life was probably a very large part of why Loki disliked him so much. He couldn’t understand treating love so casually.
“So what brings you out here today, then, if you’re not up to sparring?” Sif asked, and Loki brought himself back to the topic at hand.
“I was looking for you, actually,” he told her, and that wasn’t technically a lie—he’d been in search of a partner for Thor, and she just so happened to be the perfect person for the job. “Take a walk with me?”
Sif nodded, clearly curious, and he led the way to the glade he’d been heading for in the first place. They settled side-by-side on a large log on the outskirts of the clearing, and for a few minutes they just sat in companionable silence. But Sif could tell there was something on his mind, and she bumped their shoulders together playfully. “Come on, what did you want to talk about?” she asked, and Loki sighed.
“Father’s forcing Thor into an arranged marriage,” he said simply. Sif looked at least as shocked as he’d felt—thankfully she, at least, didn’t have any cutlery at hand.
“But why?” She sounded more sad than angry, and Loki scooted a little closer so that they were almost touching. Of the rag-tag bunch they’d put together, Sif really was his favorite. He wouldn’t even consider trying to comfort her if the others had been around, but when it was just the two of them it was harmless enough. Sif had done a lot of things he was grateful for, and at first it had bothered him; the struggle to keep them “even”. He’d eventually learned that she didn’t keep score, and that she appreciated it when he acted like a decent human being. So he was as much himself as he felt safe to be around her, which was a hell of a lot more than he could say about most people. Frigga and Thor had more of his confidence than Sif did. He was certain Odin had less. As for the others… There was a very big difference between trusting someone with your life and trusting them with who you were. He’d gladly place his life in their hands, but never his heart.
Sif was looking at him expectantly, and he realized he’d been lost in his own thoughts a few moments too long. “Sorry,” he said with an apologetic shrug. “A lot going on.”
She laughed. “No kidding! I can’t believe Thor has to get married. Why does it have to be now? He won’t be King for centuries yet.”
Loki sighed and rested his head in his hands, wishing he knew the answer to that. “Something about trade arrangements with Alfheim,” he told her, unwilling to share his private suspicion that Odin had other motivations just yet. “Mother and I think we could find a diplomatic solution, but Father insists that intermarriage between the two royal families is the only solution.”
That earned him an incredulous snort. “Right, and the next time the economy takes a nose dive they marry you off? What about the time after that? Are they hoping Thor’ll have kids by then that they can betroth?”
Loki agreed—it didn’t make sense—but debating that wasn’t going to get them anywhere. “Not they,” he corrected her, shifting a bit to face her. “Mother is dead-set against it, Father’s just stubborn as a mule. She did insist on a provision, though—Thor can choose someone else before the wedding, if he’s in love. Then the Alfheim wedding is off, and he marries the woman of his choice instead.”
“Oh!” Sif brightened. “So he still has to get married, but at least it can be someone he knows?”
“Exactly,” Loki returned, pleased she’d caught on so quickly. Another reason he liked her; she was quite intelligent. “But the wedding is in thirty days and Thor’s resigned himself to a marriage of convenience, so we have to act quickly if we want to help him. We don’t have much time.”
“Help him how?” Sif asked, confused. “Doesn’t he have to decide how he feels himself?”
Loki grinned outright this time, his teeth glinting white in the bright morning sun. “Oh, he does,” Loki agreed, leaning forward to whisper conspiratorially in her ear. “But we’re going to get him to fall in love with you.”



Chapter 3
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“I still think this is a terrible idea,” Sif said morosely, frowning dubiously at the lavender-and-gold courting gown she was wearing.
“Spin,” Loki insisted, gesturing emphatically, and Sif sighed and obediently spun. Loki hummed and waved his hand a bit, teasing out one of the strands of gold embroidery and restitching it a bit to the left. “There,” he said, satisfied. “Perfect.”
“Are you kidding me? This is ridiculous,” Sif huffed. “I look like a giant purple bird.” She did, a bit. But saying so was hardly conducive to Loki’s plans.
“Nonsense, you’ve got it easy,” he told her instead. “If it were me I’d be wearing a kilt. In fact, it will be me, someday. Thor’s rather lucky to have skipped this part, at least. Can you imagine me in a kilt?” Loki shuddered. “And lavender does not suit my complexion.”
“Well excuse me for sleeping through Royal Courting Rituals 101,” Sif snapped. “Oh, that’s right. I never thought I’d need to know any of this. And I still think this is the worst idea you’ve ever had. Which is saying something.”
“Oh, how very kind of you,” Loki said haughtily. “And after I just spent the better part of two hours transforming you into the loveliest giant purple bird in all of Asgard.”
Sif sighed. “Loki, I’m serious. This just feels… wrong. Thor’s one of my best friends, and we’re tricking him into falling in love with me? Why can’t we just tell him?” she asked earnestly, and Loki had to fight very hard not to sigh aloud. “We tell him your idea and let him make his own decision. If he wants to marry me, he can. If he’d rather choose Princess Ilyn…”
Loki did let out a weary sigh at that, and he conjured two small stools for them to sit on. “We’ve been over this,” he said, as little frustration as he could manage leaking out into his tone. “Thor deserves a worthy partner, and Asgard will need a strong queen. You are more than capable of filling both roles. You are,” he insisted when she opened her mouth to interrupt. “I wouldn’t have breathed a word of this to you if I weren’t quite sure of that, and you know very well what Thor and Asgard mean to me.”
Loki didn’t much care for the too-knowing glint in her eyes as she nodded at that, but he brushed it aside and moved on. “We aren’t tricking Thor into anything. You’re going to straightforwardly announce your intent to compete for his hand, and then you’ll show him that you’re someone he could enjoy spending the rest of his life with. I’ll help you with that part, because I know him best. And that’s not cheating,” he emphasized, fixing her with a small glare as she made to interrupt again, “because I’ll teach you how to make him happy and then you’ll be able to do it yourself afterward, so you will in fact be everything you purported yourself to be.”
Sif sighed resignedly and hid her head in her hands. “Oh, stop that!” Loki leapt up from the stool and batted her hands away, frowning as he tilted her chin up with one finger and surveyed the damage. “Honestly,” he exclaimed, exasperated. “Do you have any idea what delicate work it is to apply this properly? Now I have to start all over, and—no! You have lipstick on your fingers, don’t you dare touch that gown!” Loki caught both her wrists in his hands and closed his eyes, counting backwards from twenty and trying very hard not to grind his teeth. 
He got to seven before Sif spoke. “Are you going to be like this all month? Because if you are I’d rather start off with the finale and get this over with sooner rather than later.”
Loki bit his tongue so hard it bled. “If I don’t have a heart attack from the stress first,” he ground out at last, and then set about cleaning Sif’s hands and fixing her makeup. She seemed to realize how much this was affecting him, because she stopped teasing him after that. Loki wasn’t sure if that was a good thing or a bad one. If just the courting ceremony took this much effort to set up, how was he going to make it through the entire process?
This is for Thor, he reminded himself as he corrected a particularly tricky swirl in the indigo runes painted onto Sif’s cheeks. You can do anything for Thor.
Anything? another part of his mind echoed, uncertain. Loki didn’t deign to answer it.

—————
The courting ritual itself was a lot less pomp and circumstance than you’d expect, given the elaborate preparations. Sif walked purposefully into the dining hall that day at dinner and knelt before Thor’s place at the head table. Loki was seated casually next to Thor, and he gave Sif an almost imperceptible nod when her eyes darted briefly over to him. He knew she was shaking with nerves on the inside, but she was doing an excellent job of affecting calm. His heart warmed a bit with pride in his friend. He’d chosen well.
“Your Majesty,” she began, ducking her head, and the entire dining hall fell silent. “Thor Odin-son, Crown Prince and Heir Apparent to the throne of Asgard. I renew my solemn vow of loyalty to you and yours and this realm, and humbly submit to you my intent to formally court your hand in marriage.” Sif raised her eyes—a bold move, and one Loki had not coached her into making—and held Thor’s gaze steadily as she finished reciting. “Do you accept?”
“I do,” Thor said after only a moment’s pause, his voice booming across the hall with certainty and just a hint of surprise that Loki didn’t imagine many could detect. Sif smiled at Thor genuinely and departed with a nod and a bow, as was customary. On Thor’s other side Odin was fuming, and Thor himself still seemed a bit shell-shocked.
“What nonsense is this?” Odin demanded, turning to Frigga as the doors closed behind Sif and the hall erupted in gossipy whispers. “Not even a day has passed, and already you scheme to muddle our son’s head with other suitors?”
Frigga’s glare could have turned the sun to ice. “I have done no such thing,” she said crisply, “and I would have you consider your words carefully before you choose to speak to me again.” With that she stood primly and turned her back on the table, exiting the room without another word.
“I could hardly tell her no, Father,” Thor said a moment later, and oh, how lovely, Odin had found another target for his misplaced rage. Ironic that it wasn’t turned on Loki for once, when this time it actually was his fault. “It won’t affect the wedding plans,” Thor assured him. “I am not going to fall in love with her.”
“I’m hardly worried about that,” Odin muttered angrily under his breath, and Loki filed that away along with all the other things he’d been saying lately that just didn’t add up. He felt an increasing sense of unease over whatever it was the Allfather was hiding, but he didn’t have time to dwell on it now. He finished the rest of his meal quickly, surprising Thor when he declined his offer of a second helping of toffee cake.
“But it’s your favorite,” Thor protested, wide-eyed and far too emotionally invested in a matter so trivial as cake, and Loki couldn’t help but smile at him indulgently.
“And I always take more than my fair share, which is all the more reason you should have the chance to enjoy it for once. And you’ve just begun a courtship! That’s something worth celebrating.” Loki stood and turned to leave, already planning his and Sif’s next move, when a sudden thought made him pause and face Thor. 
“My blessings on your courtship,” he began, the old-fashioned invocation falling smoothly from his lips. “May it serve as a solid foundation for your marriage, and bring you joy, peace, and contentment.” He bent down to complete the gesture, pressing a soft kiss first to Thor’s forehead, then each of his cheeks. “May you be blessed with every happiness,” he breathed into Thor’s ear, and if he hadn’t known any better Loki would have said Thor shivered in response.
Odin was glaring daggers at him as he left the hall, but that could be attributed to any number of things. Loki chose not to think about it, or how soft Thor’s skin had felt against his lips, as he made his way back to the glade where Sif would be waiting for him.

—————
Sif was glaring at him when he entered the clearing, her arms crossed and one foot tapping impatiently against the soft ground. “Dress. Off. Now,” she demanded, and oh, maybe that little spell preventing her from removing the gown herself hadn’t been the best idea. But she had put up such an awful fuss, hemming and hawing and going back and forth on whether this was a good idea or not, and Loki’d thought it better to be safe than sorry. 
A decision that seemed to be backfiring on him now, if the murderous glare Sif was sending his way was anything to go by. Well, she wasn’t going to be of much use to the plan whilst radiating this much anger. Perhaps…
Loki waved a hand and Sif squawked as she was enveloped in a light pink cloud of smoke, which quickly dissipated to reveal that she was indeed no longer wearing the ostentatious gown—for it had been transformed into an equally color-blind kilt.
Contrary to his intent, Sif did not appear amused. “What?” Loki asked innocently, giving her a small shrug. “You asked me to remove the dress. If you wanted something else, you should have been more specific.”
“I will end you,” Sif said through gritted teeth, hands clenched into fists and voice frighteningly monotone. “I will kill you slowly and tear you into a thousand pieces and they will never find the body.”
Right. Wrong again. “Oh, very well…” Loki sighed, easing himself down onto his usual log and restoring Sif’s original clothing with hardly a thought. She didn’t thank him but she wasn’t glaring at him anymore either, and after a little while she came over and took a seat next to him.
She leaned a friendly head on his shoulder—an olive branch—and Loki sighed. He couldn’t quite bring himself to apologize, but he rested his head against hers and offered an explanation. “I think Father might have more than one agenda in pushing Thor to this marriage,” he began. “It’s nothing concrete, just… A bunch of little things that don’t make sense. Too much so to be coincidental.” He sighed. “And I can’t spend time thinking about it because I’m worried about Thor and for all I like to pretend I know exactly what I’m doing… I’m making this up as I go along, and I’m afraid we won’t succeed and Thor will be trapped in a loveless marriage he can never escape for motives I can’t even begin to comprehend.” He said the last a bit too quickly, the words coming out jumbled, torn between keeping the thoughts in and hurrying to get them out. 
Sif didn’t seem to mind, though; she sat up and tugged at his sleeve until he looked at her, eyes shadowed with the weight of the responsibility he’d placed on his own shoulders. “We’ll figure it out together,” she said firmly, and Loki envied her confidence. “We’ll stick to the plan, and Thor will get to decide what makes him happiest. It’ll all work out.”
Loki wasn’t sure he believed that, but he sighed softly and decided to pretend he did, at least for a little while. This time he leaned against her, and she put a comforting arm around his waist to hold him to her side. It wasn’t the same as when Thor held him—not even close. But it reminded him of those times enough that he could finally relax a bit and let some of the stress go. Sometimes he wished Sif had been born his sibling instead of Thor. Then he’d have an excuse for being so close to her, and no one would bat an eye if Thor took him as a lover.
“You’re thinking too much,” Sif said gently, and Loki closed his eyes and tried valiantly not to think. They stayed there long past nightfall, until the air grew chilly and the wind stung too much to stay outside, and if it occurred to Sif that they hadn’t made a bit of progress toward the next step in their plan, she stayed blessedly silent on the matter. Loki bid her goodnight at the palace gates and shifted into a raven, flying up and up and through his open window and into bed. He intercepted snippets of a strange conversation before he shifted back, ominous fleeting thoughts that carried Odin’s touch, but he fell asleep the moment his head hit the pillow and he remembered nothing of the odd exchange when he woke the next morning.



Chapter End Notes
See? Told you guys I love Sif. She's my favorite :)
To my dearest Sigyn: see, you didn't have to worry! No lovebirdiness and no one getting their heart broken. The only angst will be Loki/Thor angst. Because this is only really Loki/Thor. <3
The reviews for this story have been inspiring like you won't believe. This is the first time I've managed a WIP. I usually start them and never post them because I can't finish. But this story? I've got chapter 5 written (notice the increase in chapter count) and 90% of chapter 6 is there. I'm struggling with the *next* chapter (of course! Isn't that always the way?) but it's going to be finished soon. I can't leave you guys hanging too long, now can I? :)  It's been so encouraging to actually write something with a multi-chapter plot and to have you guys enjoy it. So thank you for every comment and kudo! It makes my day! <3


Chapter 4
Chapter Notes
So… Nearly four years later, I have no valid excuses. I can only say that the final scene of this chapter was the first part of this story I ever wrote, and what sparked the idea in the first place. I had it, as well as much of the next chapter, nearly finished before I even wrote chapter one.
Writer’s block eviscerated me when I attempted to write out Sif’s courting of Thor. No matter what I tried, I couldn’t come up with anything that fit. I stopped writing, completely. I’d come back to this every few months and try again, to no avail. I’ve had so many ideas lately for things I want to try and write, but I couldn’t do it with this story still hiding away needing to have its ending told. So I decided that if my choices were to never finish this story at all or to handwave the courting process and finish the other missing scenes that led to the end of the story, the latter was a better choice. And here we are.
To anyone out there who actually remembers this story, I’m thrilled to have you back with me and owe you a huge apology. I promise you that this story will be finished. The rest is 85% done; I’m only missing two tiny scenes and a final edit. To anyone visiting this story for the first time, thank you so much for giving it a read. I very much hope you all enjoy this chapter!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




The next two weeks were a blur of furious activity, and Thor found his time consumed by frenetic wedding preparations peppered with surprisingly bright spots which came in the form of Sif’s exercises in courting him. Thor had been rather surprised at how well Sif knew him, at which he felt both pleasure and a twinge of guilt. Had he needed to plan such elaborate outings for her, his selections would not have been nearly so inspired. He cared deeply for all his friends, and until recently he’d have said he knew them quite well. But it was evident in the gestures she made that Sif had paid closer attention to him over the years than he’d realized or reciprocated.
They shared lighthearted conversation as they walked, picnic baskets in hand, to a location that Sif had been surprisingly reticent to share. They walked for some time, and Thor was so caught up in laughing at her story—this really did just feel like spending time with his friend, he could almost forget they were here because she was courting him—that they mystery slipped his mind and he didn’t notice where they’d been heading until they arrived.
Only when Sif stopped walking and spread out the blanket they’d brought with them did Thor take notice of his surroundings, and what he saw made him stop and catch his breath for a moment. They were stood a few yards from the edge of the lake, on a small outcropping of land carpeted with soft grass which extended out into the water. If you sat down just right, you could look straight ahead and see nothing else around you for miles, as though you and your companion were all that existed on a tiny little island of land floating in a never-ending ocean. Just the two of you against the world.
Thor tore his gaze away from the view and his memories, sitting down and unpacking the basket Sif had packed for them. It was full to bursting with bright fruits and flaky pastries, and hidden in one corner he spied a small container of the candied sweetbreads that were one of his more closely guarded guilty pleasures.
Thor leaned back on one elbow, content, a warm smile on his face as he felt the gentle breeze ruffle his hair. Sif made a face at him when he popped a sweetbread into his mouth, and Thor laughed, taking another. The chatter they’d shared while walking had faded into quiet, but it wasn’t an uncomfortable silence. They were surrounded by nature, light birdsong in their ears, soaking in the brightness and beauty of the world around them. Sweet summer air filled his lungs, and Thor couldn’t fathom why he’d gone so long without seeking this place out.
“This is where Loki and I used to come with Mother on warm summer days when we were children. I’ve always loved it here… It feels like peace.” He glanced over at Sif, all soft and relaxed and equally at peace here as he. “How did you know of it?” he asked curiously, and Sif grinned and shook her head. 
“Sorry, I’ll never tell. Sworn to secrecy.”
Thor let out an undignified snort. “You’ve been spending too much time with my brother.” As if he needed further reminders of Loki than this place itself provided. 
Sif’s laughter was bright and clear, as warm and friendly as it had been on any occasion they’d enjoyed each other’s company, and Thor couldn’t help but puzzle over it all. Sif had never showed any romantic interest in him before her sudden proposal of courtship, which had come so quickly on the heels of Thor’s betrothal. And despite the purpose behind their outings, Thor always felt perfectly at ease in her presence. He had expected to feel somewhat awkward—how did one go about getting to know a lifelong friend as a prospective spouse? But those fears had been unwarranted; their camaraderie was the habit of nearly a lifetime, and the conversation flowed easily. It was so easy to forget, as he had done for a few moments just before, that they weren’t simply spending the day together as friends. That there was another purpose to this time spent together. And for the life of him, Thor couldn’t figure out what Sif was thinking or feeling.
Just ask her, you dolt, came the Loki-timbred voice in his head, its timing rather appropriate. How often had he and Loki given each other advice on this very spot? It had been their haven, once upon a time… A place to open confidences and share hopes and dreams and fears they might not have otherwise spoken aloud to another soul. It had been decades since they’d sat here together, centuries since they’d shared such secrets, yet just sitting in this spot made Thor feel closer to Loki than he had in a long while. Well… his brother had tended to give sound advice.
“Sif…” She turned a questioning gaze upon him in response, still chewing the last bite of her apple, and Thor took a breath and mustered the courage to ask the question that was burning through his brain. “I would like to know… Why is it that you chose to court me?”
Sif’s eyes skittered away from his, and there was silence again for a few moments. Thor’s lips parted, starting to form the words to excuse her from answering the question, when at last she spoke, her eyes faced forward toward the sunlight glittering off the lake’s surface but her gaze turned inward.
“I am far luckier than I deserve, to count you among my closest friends,” she began, twisting the apple core between her fingers as she thought. “You are courageous, and kind, and Asgard will be lucky to have you as her king.” She turned to look him in the eye, and the seriousness and determination he saw in her face surprised him. “I hold no illusions that kingship will come without trials. No one could bear such a burden by themselves, and I fear it would only worsen the load to be unsure of the one who stands beside you. You and I… we make a good team. I think we could be content. And I think Asgard would prosper for it.” She was silent a moment longer, and then her face broke into a grin. “And of course, I have plenty of experience performing the most important duty of a wife and queen: telling you when you’re wrong.”
Thor’s jaw dropped in feigned offense, and he began pelting her with grapes. She shrieked with laughter and threw one back at him, and before long the picnic blanket and the grass beyond was littered with flung fruits. She snatched the last from the basket and Thor raised his hands to cover his face, but instead of flinging it at him she simply raised a brow and ate it, a quiet smirk on her face.
Maybe this could work, Thor allowed himself to think as they fell back into a comfortable silence. He trusted Sif completely, and they got along well. She wouldn't feel threatened by how much time he chose to spend with Loki—she knew them both far too well for that to come as a surprise. She was strong and level-headed, and would make a wise and just ruler were anything to happen to him. Asgard would be safe in her hands, which was a weight off his shoulders he hadn't realized he'd been carrying. Alfheim had been willing to stand idly by while the people of Asgard suffered for her pride, and now he was to accept one of her rulers as Asgard's queen? That was the only part of this that hadn't sat right with him. Sif... Sif he could trust, unconditionally. If he couldn't have Loki at his side, Sif was always his next choice—whatever the battle. Why should this be any different?
He looked over at Sif, his gaze considering. Convincing Father wouldn't be easy, but surely the good of Asgard would be enough to sway him? It had prompted this entire debacle after all. Mother and Loki had seemed confident that a diplomatic solution with Alfheim could be reached, and he had no reason to distrust their judgement. Perhaps he and Sif could do this. Could have a marriage of dear friends and quiet contentment and raise children he knew Loki would dote on, however he tried to mask it with disdain, and bring Asgard into peace and prosperity when the time to rule came, centuries of trust and familiarity at their side.
It all sounded quite nice, to be honest. There were worse fates than peace and content. And he'd still have Loki to interject a little chaos and excitement, now and then. It was nothing like what he wished for, in that darkest place at the bottom of his heart, but he thought he could be something close to happy. And that was leaps and bounds ahead of how he'd imagined the rest of his life just a few short days ago.

 — — — — —
Thor looked every inch the god he was, laid out on the grass with his hands tucked behind his head, moonlight illuminating his chiseled features as he stared up at the stars. Loki had to take a moment to breathe at the sight, nearly forgetting his purpose in his awe of Thor’s beauty.
“Fifty-three years,” he said in opening, taking the four steps necessary to cross from the lake shore their little ‘peninsula’ and then settling down at Thor’s side. “Or three hundred, depending on how you look at it.” He sat with his knees brought up to his chest, and he turned to look at Thor just as his brother turned his gaze from the stars to meet his eyes. “That’s quite a few years of secrets untold…” His tone was light, but a seriousness lurked beneath the surface. “But I imagine there’s one that weighs quite heavily on your mind, this night.” 
Thor’s eyes remained unreadable, and Loki gracefully turned to lay on his side, propping himself up on his elbow as he faced Thor. “Tell me what troubles you, brother,” he tried; the same words they had exchanged here since they were boys. It had inevitably led to confessions, in the past, though Loki had always kept hold of his greatest secret. He was less sure than he pretended that it would work now.
“Asgard,” Thor said at last, just when Loki had given up on getting an answer out of him and resigned himself to the silence. “My friends, my people. My heart.” He looked back up at the sky; Loki knew that Thor had always had an easier time dealing with his emotions when he could look the universe in the eye rather than him. “You really think that you and Mother could make alternate arrangements with Alfheim to lift trade restrictions?”
“Yes,” Loki said quickly—too quickly, if the small smile that curved his brother’s lips was anything to go by. 
“I suppose I know where you stand, then,” Thor said mildly, a hint of humor in his voice.
“You know no such thing,” Loki replied archly, staring at Thor and silently urging him to meet his eyes. His brother sighed, and after a moment he did. There was no reason for him to look at the stars, Loki thought, when he could look at those beautiful eyes; there was no more priceless a jewel in all the realms, and the sight of the stars reflected in Thor’s clear blue eyes was more breathtaking a sight than the heavens could offer. “I only want you to be happy, Thor,” he said more gently, honesty in his eyes and his voice. A comfortable silence passed, an understanding growing between them, and at some point their fingers twined together as they had in Loki’s room so many—yet so few—nights ago. “Who do you think you will choose, then?” Loki asked after a time, and Thor sighed.
“I don’t know,” he said at last. “Part of me wants to choose Sif. But then I would be taking away her chance at love, as well, and embarrassing Father by dismantling his plans, and that would in turn make your trade negotiations more difficult…” He sighed. “It’s probably best that I marry Ilyn,” he said, but to Loki’s ears he didn’t sound certain. 
Still, his gut twisted. They hadn’t yet done enough. 
“Well,” Loki said with false lightness, “whatever you choose, I’m sure it will work out just fine.” I just have to find a way to make you choose correctly, he thought to himself.
“Thank you, brother,” Thor said sincerely, and they lay there watching the stars well into the night.

 — — — — —
When they returned to their own chambers in the wee hours of the morning, Loki didn’t sleep. Neither did he toss and turn; he knew a hopeless cause when he encountered one. Instead he sat at his writing desk, trying to think of any other plan but the one that had first occurred to him. 
Whatever Thor had said of politics or their father, Loki knew that his friends’ wellbeing was his chief concern. His family, his friends, his people… They were everything, to Thor. A political kerfuffle could be smoothed out; Odin’s anger burned hot but would not last forever, certainly not against his oldest son. No, it was the prospect of a loveless marriage for Sif that made Thor balk at the suggestion, Loki knew it. And try as he might, he could not seem to think of a way to change his stubborn, good-hearted brother’s mind but to convince him that Sif was indeed in love with him. 
Dawn began filtering through the windows, and Loki wet his quill with ink and began to write.

 — — — — —
Sif laid awake a long time that night, the parchment feeling far heavier in her hand than she knew it to be. She’d had reservations all along, but what Loki had asked of her today... Did it go too far?
Up until now she’d managed to avoid outright lying to Thor; Loki had coached her to skirt the line between truth and deceit with more agility than she felt comfortable with seeing in her friend—or in herself. Desperate times called for desperate measures… Perhaps. But how desperate were things, really? They were talking about a wedding, not a declaration of war.
Then again, not just a wedding… Thor’s wedding, her dear friend, and also the future of Asgard… Fair or not, it was impossible to consider one without the other. Would she truly make a good queen? She supposed she must be at least a passable candidate… Loki had assured her of such often enough, and he had no reason to lie to her—he had even more reason to be invested in Asgard’s well-being than she. But what proof was there that Ilyn would not be equally or more fit to the task? Even Loki could not claim to know her. None of them did. Maybe she would make the perfect wife and mother, and rule both realms well, and keep Thor happy and well to the end of his days.
And maybe she wouldn’t. There was no way to know. Loki couldn’t even be truly certain that she herself could make Thor happy. He was certainly far more well-positioned to guess than anyone else, save perhaps Thor himself. But Loki seemed convinced that Thor wasn’t looking out for himself, right now. Well, but wasn’t that his choice? Were they making the right decision for him when he wouldn’t himself, or were they taking away his power to choose the good of his people over his own? Sif’s head spun. How could they even know that she would suit him better than Ilyn? she thought again. How had Loki decided that?
Better the devil you know. She laughed out loud at that, raising her hands to cover her mouth when the sounds turned a bit hysterical. The irony was almost too much. Oh, she loved Loki as her own brother. He was even dearer to her than Thor. Thor had a warm, generous heart, and many friends who were grateful for it. There was no shortage of men and women ready to jump to the task if he ever came to call. Loki was quieter at heart; outwardly he could be showy, boastful even, but he carefully guarded his true self from sight. A scarce few were deemed worthy of a glimpse within those walls, and Sif felt honored and humbled to have been let so far inside. Sharp wit and pretty lies were blades he wielded masterfully to protect his heart, and that he had set them aside to trust her with this plan told her far more than she thought he had meant to say. He could have easily manipulated her into winning Thor’s affections (she liked to think she would have put up a good fight, but she could admit in the privacy of her own thoughts that she was no match for Loki at the top of his game), but instead he had asked her outright to help him. He had far more honor than the carefully-crafted facade he’d created would admit.
But Loki could be a little devil when he wanted to. He’d caused more than his fair share of trouble over the years, and she’d once had a memorable conversation with Frigga where she’d termed him “her little angel of chaos”. (She’d teased him about that for weeks, carefully out of earshot of the others. Loki had put up a fuss but she knew he’d noticed her discretion, and he hadn’t minded nearly as much as he’d pretended.) He danced too close to the edge, and he’d gone over the line at times. Sif had never hesitated to chastise him when he did, and as the years had worn on he’d begun to take her more seriously at her word, trusting her moral compass when he’d fallen out of sync with his own. Then there were the times she didn’t have to say anything; when Frigga would chasten him with a single glance, or Thor would take his brother softly by the shoulder and lead him away to ‘talk’. In recent years they’d all begun to stay their hands more often as Loki had started to police himself, the minute twist of shame and sorrow on his face as he observed the bitter consequences of his actions showing them that this was all the lesson he needed. Odin, of course, blustered his way through each and every situation alike in a manner akin to a rampaging bull, bellowing with rage and reprimanding Loki for any half-step out of line as if he’d brought the palace walls to the ground. Sif could perhaps see where he was coming from; he was King, and Loki’s behavior reflected upon him… But she couldn’t blame Loki for despising him, either.
Back to the start, then: was this going too far? Did they have the right to choose this for Thor? Should she have stood her ground more strongly when Loki had first come to her; had she failed to steer him away from a destructive course of action?
Was she far too close to this to be a fair judge of what was right and wrong?
Sunlight filtering through the curtains brought Sif out of the haze of indecision, and she quickly stood to wash and dress. There was nothing for it; she had no better plan to try to help Thor than Loki’s, and no more time to fashion one.
She stopped halfway out the door, turning suddenly back to stare accusingly at the the poem. In all her musing, she hadn't had time to memorize it. She lifted the piece of parchment from her bed and frowned at it, assessing. Loki had instructed her to destroy it, and he’d been insistent from the start on her following his directions to the letter. She’d thought him a bit demanding at first, but several times now little oddities she’d deemed insignificant had seemed to have meaning to Thor. She stared at the lines for a few minutes longer than she really had time for, and for the life of her she couldn’t imagine why bringing the parchment along would be a bad thing. Maybe Loki wanted Thor to think she’d made it up on the spot? Well that wouldn’t hold up long-term… She’d never be able to repeat the feat. And she doubted Loki intended to impress Thor with her excellent memory. That was a bit beyond even the incomprehensible little quirks he’d insisted upon before.
In the end took the parchment along with her to the library, snatching a few tomes from the closest shelf to carry along with the poem so Thor wouldn’t guess her intent right away. She’d gathered fairly early on that Loki rather ingeniously exploited the element of surprise in all these interactions.
Thor strode through the doors a few minutes later, just a tiny bit late as he often was, and Sif’s face lit with a genuine grin at the sheepish look on his face. This, at least, was familiar territory. She’d been poking fun at his tardiness for centuries. “Get lost, then?” she teased, grin widening at the answering smile on Thor’s face.
“Well, you know,” he replied, and Sif’s conscience jerked uncomfortably at the too-fond look in his eyes. “I’m not often one for libraries.”
“Leave that to your brother, do you?” she countered without thinking, reverting to habitual friendly banter while the rest of her mind was preoccupied with Thor’s apparent investment in their ‘relationship’. He wasn’t supposed to get this attached. He wasn’t supposed to have any sort of real feelings for her. The pained expression that crossed his face when she mentioned Loki stung even more, and her heart ached for him. She’d always known that Loki… But Thor, at least in this, had been harder to read. Oh, it wasn’t fair. The both of them deserved far, far better.
She cleared her throat nervously and tried to speak, but found she wasn’t quite sure what to say. Thor quirked a questioning eyebrow and came closer, settling casually on the edge of the reading table a few inches to her left. “I assume you asked me here for some purpose?” he asked lightly, and Sif told herself firmly to get a grip. All this would have been for nothing if she faltered now.
She tried again. “I have—” not written a poem for you; that was a lie, and whatever else she and Loki were doing she would not lie—“a surprise I want to share with you,” she settled on, and it hurt her differently that Thor looked surprised and pleased at that. Thor did so much, so often, for so many. How often did people do things for him in return? Everyone assumed that mighty Prince Thor had everything he could ever ask for. But Sif was beginning to wonder if even she had judged him wrongly; she wondered how often he felt alone even in a crowd, surrounded by those he called his friends. Had she been unfair to him, to invest more time and energy into her friendship with Loki than with him? How much of his affection for her was a result of being chosen, feeling special, knowing someone had devoted time to devising ways to make him happy just because? She felt even guiltier at that. Someone certainly had done those things, but it had been Loki, not her.
Thor was still smiling at her gently, that small crinkle at his eyebrows showing he was truly pleased, and Sif swallowed her guilt and her doubts and began to read. “O, to behold that which is Thor,” she began, and if nothing else, the carefully cultivated words of Loki’s adoration fell easily from her tongue.

—————
Thor was torn between allowing the rhythmic flow of syllables to lull him into lazy contentment and fixing his attention carefully on every word, deciphering its meaning and contemplating why it had been chosen. Each line was artful, there was no doubt. He hadn’t known Sif to be a skilled poet; the past weeks had shown him there were many things he hadn’t taken the time to know about her. He vowed to make a better effort with his friend, whether he wed her or not.
And wasn’t that the question of the hour. His last talk with Loki had left him unsettled. His brother had been oh-so-careful not to lead Thor down either path—apparently he was above meddling in at least some things, or perhaps simply wished to avoid any chance of taking the blame for Thor’s unhappiness if it didn’t work out—but Thor knew him far too well to be fooled. Loki was firmly opposed to the idea of his marrying Ilyn sight-unseen, and far too eager for him to take Sif in her stead; any other option, he supposed. He didn’t think Loki completely callous of her feelings; he knew his brother cared for her, very much so. There had been a time in their adolescence when Thor had thought the two of them would someday wed, but he had come to realize he had simply been unaccustomed to Loki taking anyone but Frigga and himself into his confidence. He had been quite happy, then, to know that Loki had made a true friend; he had been less pleased with the accompanying realization of the reason he had fixated so on his brother’s love life, and the bittersweet goodbye it meant for his.
For everything his brother was and wasn’t, Thor knew he was most often right about things. He was eerily perceptive at times, and had a gift for seeing the big picture that Thor couldn’t always grasp. Thor had the best of intentions, and a good heart and plenty of strength. But he knew he could be single-minded and stubborn, and that he had been served well in the past to take a breath and heed Loki’s advice.
If he were honest with himself, his own head and heart were telling him the same thing. He was confident he’d be happier with Sif than some stranger, and he was sure she would make a perfectly competent queen. Beyond even that, the merging of the realms that was part and parcel to marrying Ilyn made Thor feel a frisson of unease. He knew precious little of Alfheim, for a man who might be heir to it in a matter of days. He knew nothing of how the unification would benefit Asgard, except that Father thought trade would improve, and what did he know of ruling Alfheim? He’d had centuries to prepare to lead Asgard, and still he felt small and inadequate and unprepared at times. What business did he have agreeing to take the reigns of a people and a world he was unfamiliar with? Or agreeing to rule any other land when he knew, deep down, that Asgard would always come first in his heart?
He didn’t want to admit it, with a terrible confrontation with Odin waiting at the end of that path, but he was starting to think it far wiser all around to choose Sif as his wife. He couldn’t help but wonder how Mother would react. Odin would be furious; Loki would sit silently aside, quietly pleased. But Frigga’s reaction he could not predict. He was sure he had hidden his love for Loki from her, but he feared she knew him far too well to believe he’d fallen for his dear friend. Would she out him to Father, he wondered, or would she rather he wed a woman he loved as a friend over one he loved not at all?
He was thinking far too much. Sif was still speaking, pretty words falling from her lips, and he did her a disservice not to pay attention. She had been reading for a long time, in fact; more words than he expected to fill a single sheet of parchment. She must have excellent penmanship to be able to read back such tiny letters so smoothly. A fine attribute for a queen; she could write all the proclamations, then.
Thor himself had a large, childlike hand; letters hadn’t been his most favored pastime as a child. He’d always rushed through his lessons, eager to get outside and run and practice fencing and play knights and dragons with Loki. His letters were big and scrawled and sprawling; clear and straightforward, just like he was. Loki’s spidery script suited him, too… All curves and elegance and little embellishments. Thor had always teased him for taking far longer to write letters than he thought was worth the time, but Loki had always tilted his chin haughtily and insisted that the written word was an art, and it ought to be treated with the appropriate respect.
That was usually around the time Thor had had enough of waiting on him and would snatch away his jar of ink, running out of the classroom and into the gardens with it. Loki would chase after him, at first angrily but soon after with a grin, and by the time Loki had caught up and managed to wrest the jar away from him the ink would be gone, a telltale trail behind them leading back to the classroom. Loki would glare then, but Thor would always laugh, and Loki would pout because he couldn’t ever stay mad and then tackle him and hug him and they’d always end up playing hide and seek or roughhousing some more or anything that was warm and outside and together, and that’s all Thor had ever wanted anyway so he'd considered that Mission Accomplished. Plus Loki was even more adorable than usual when he pouted. That was definitely a bonus.
Thor grinned at the memory and came back to himself, catching Sif’s eye and letting her see his smile as she continued to read. Thor pushed up off the table and leaned over the stack of books in her arms to see the parchment, wondering if her handwriting would match her just as well. Would it be soft and flowing like her hair? Concise and strong, matching her swiftness on the battlefield?
Thor craned his neck a bit further, straining to catch a glimpse of her script. Maybe it would be—
Thor stopped cold. He felt like a bucket of ice water had been dumped on his head. This was… This was impossible. It made no sense; it couldn’t be. Sif’s handwriting didn’t resemble her at all. Because it wasn’t Sif’s hand on the parchment… 
It was Loki’s.



Chapter End Notes
Here’s my note-to-self from more than three years ago when I first realized that the long, detailed courting-process chapter was beyond my reach:
Can I handwave all this courting crap? “Over the next few weeks, Sif took Thor on a number of outings and did super special awesome things he loved… Cut to the lake scene… Cut to the Loki not-so-subtly asks Thor who he plans to marry and Thor says probably still Ilyn… Cut to Loki is in his room scheming and ends up writing the stupid letter. End chapter. Please this? Please? Frsrs. Then the whole story is almost *done*.
I’m sorry that it took me so long to take my own advice!
I very much hope you enjoyed, and I promise the rest of the story is coming regardless, but any comments would make my day!


Chapter 5
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Loki was busy trying to calm down a flailing Sif, who was babbling and crying a little and waving her hands in the air like a madwoman. It was all very unlike her, and Loki had a bad feeling curling up in the pit of his stomach. “I’m so sorry,” she gasped at last, taking shuddering breaths and hugging her arms to herself. “It’s all my fault. I… I was worried about what we were doing. If it was the right thing. If it was fair to Thor.” Shit. “I stayed up all night thinking, and I didn’t have time to memorize the poem. Thor took one look at the parchment, and he—well it took me a minute to figure it out but he must have recognized your handwriting because he went white as a sheet and he ran out of the library as fast as he could and oh, I’m so sorry. He must hate me now. And he’ll be stuck marrying Ilyn and he’ll be cross with you too and I… I should have listened to you, I should have destroyed it, it’s all my fault, I’m so sorry Loki. I’m so sorry.” She finally paused for breath and Loki was struggling to control his. Damn it all. It had been a foolish, impulsive ploy, and now he could have lost everything. Damn him and his arrogance and and pride. Everything had been going according to plan, and he’d just had to push it. To have the quiet satisfaction of knowing Thor had been wooed by the depth and the truth of his love. To have that one thing to sustain him for the thousands of years to come when he would have precious little else to console him. Foolish, damnable sentiment. His nails dug painfully into his palms. “It’s not your fault,” he said gently to Sif on the end of a carefully controlled exhale. “It isn’t, really. This was all my idea; anything that goes wrong is my fault. Truly,” he insisted, placing his hands carefully over hers and waiting until she stopped shaking. “You've done nothing wrong.”Sif blinked several times in a row, and though her eyes were still wet no more tears fell. “What are you going to do?” she asked quietly, her voice sad and subdued.Loki looked down, unable to hold her gaze. “I don’t know,” he told her, eyes tracing patterns in the stone floor to slow his mind and calm himself down. “I don’t know.”

—————
By the time Thor reached his quarters the shock and adrenaline were fading, replaced by quiet hurt and bone-deep sadness. He’d passed by anger by with nothing more than a blip, settling easily into eerie calm. He examined the events of the past few weeks through the filter of this newfound knowledge, and thought wryly that he really shouldn’t have been so surprised.All the things Sif had done for their courting… How everything had suited him so perfectly, how he’d been startled by things she couldn’t have known. She hadn’t known; it had all been Loki. Loki pulling the strings, feeding her information, crafting the illusion of the perfect partner for Thor. He must have convinced Sif it was the right thing to do—for all he’d recently come to learn he didn’t know about her, he knew that much. She would never have done this to hurt him.And that poem…It had shaken him. It was hard to imagine that it had been written with anything but the truest of loves at heart—and equally difficult to imagine that Loki had written it for him. He supposed Loki could have copied it from somewhere… But it had been far too specific for that. The things Sif had said, the words Loki had placed on her tongue... They had called up raw emotion, in Thor. Spoken to a place of longing inside him that he had long thought no other could understand. Star-crossed love was something written of in books; in reality there was only the messy complexity of love unrequited.Did Loki truly love him, then? Even if he did, he hadn't been able to bring himself to tell Thor how he felt to his face; had gone through Sif instead, filtered his pretty words through her mouth. What good was that supposed to do them? Loki had spent weeks working to present Sif as the perfect bride for Thor, then at the last moment—what? Poured his heart out and given the message to another to deliver? He couldn't see how Loki had thought this would bring them together.Did he really love Thor at all, or had he simply used the intimate knowledge he had of Thor to his own advantage? Was this a trick to humiliate Thor? Did Loki truly think he would be better off if he married Sif, to the point that he would do even this to ensure it? Was he trying to get Thor to call the wedding off and lose their father’s favor, that Loki might gain it?It was too much to process. There were too many possible motives, and not one of them sat well with Thor. He still loved Loki; he did. There was nothing that could ever change that. But all he knew for certain was that nothing Sif had done had really been her; Loki had orchestrated the entire courting. And he could hardly marry Loki anyway, even if he had the slightest idea as to if his feelings were sincere. That was what had gotten him into this in the first place; “I’m in love with my brother, Dad, so yeah, go ahead and marry me off. It’ll never work out anyway.” Oh, how simple it had seemed at the time.But nothing about life was simple, especially when you were to be King. Odin had been telling him that for as long as he could remember, and Thor was really starting to wish he’d listened. He would always love Loki, no matter how much his actions hurt him. Always. Whatever his brother might think he felt for Thor, it wasn’t the same. Thor's was a deep, pure love that was unconditional and all-forgiving. A love that saw beyond the now and could see what was best for them. The sort that broke enchantments in all the stories Frigga had read to them at night. He would love Loki unendingly, until he drew his last breath. But they couldn’t be together, and whatever Loki had been trying to accomplish wasn’t in either of their best interests. He couldn't allow Loki's scheme to backfire on him—he loved his brother. All these centuries since he’d first acknowledged them, and the words still tasted sour in his thoughts. He was sure no other had been caused such grief by them as he.Mind made up, he sat up in bed and made his way to his desk, penning a short missive before he could change his mind. He felt strangely at peace when the servant took it away, and he was surprised to find there was comfort in resignation. At the very least it was familiar; he’d felt this way for a very, very long time. From the moment he’d realized he was in love he’d known he could never have it. And for a few decades it had burned, having Loki so close and yet forever out of reach. Thor had longed to touch him; to hold his hand as they lay outside at night gazing at the stars and kiss away his worries and fears. He’d settled for brushing flyway strands of hair from his eyes and holding their embraces just a moment too long. Innocent enough touches that could pass as brotherly affection. And over the years there had ceased to be a difference between the two; Loki was just love. The very definition of the word, his to keep and protect and cherish for all eternity. From a distance.Several decades after that and Thor had fallen into a comfortable rhythm of keeping Loki close but loving him from afar. The quiet acceptance that this would always be his place in Loki’s life had become a constant companion. He’d known he would never find another true love; that one day his marriage would become a business transaction, hopefully with someone bearable, definitely with someone who would benefit Asgard. The past few weeks had shaken that belief, and he’d started to hope for a marriage based at least on friendship and mutual respect. But that was done, now, and a return to what he’d known for most of his life was a stabilizing force in the presence of all the recent upheaval.There was a knock on his door and he got up to answer it, expecting a response from his father’s page. Instead he found the last person he wanted to see right now.Loki.“I’m getting married in the morning,” Thor said quietly through the crack in the door. The myriad emotions that crossed Loki’s face in the next moment flashed by too quickly for Thor to process, and honestly he was too exhausted to try. Loki was shaking, his hands trembling a little as he looked down at them, and he bit his lip before inhaling sharply and meeting Thor’s gaze.“I did it because I love you,” he said plainly. Thor didn’t believe he meant it, at least not the way he wanted him to, and at this point he wasn’t sure it would have mattered if he did.“I’m getting married in the morning,” Thor repeated, and he watched Loki’s face crumple. “It’s all right,” he said kindly. “I forgive you.” Loki looked up at him again, eyes sparkling with unshed tears. “Get some rest,” he practically whispered, and he closed the door gently and turned the key in the lock. He heard one choked out sob from the other side of the door before Loki’s feet carried him away, and Thor bit his lip, hard, and refused to succumb to tears.He was getting married in the morning.

—————
The palace was a flurry of scampering feet the next morning, as servants scrambled to complete the wedding preparations a week in advance. The wedding dress wasn’t a problem, thank heavens—Ilyn would be wearing her mother’s gown. Odin had requested the date be moved up right after receiving Thor’s message, and her father had happily agreed. Her mother had passed some years prior and the King was in another realm on business, but he was happy to solidify their arrangement (Thor was not so stupid as to guess he’d missed rumors of his and Sif’s courtship) and had gladly placed his daughter in Asgard’s care. She and her wedding party had arrived early that morning, and everyone was preparing frantically for the ceremony at noon. Thor had been riding the wave of that preternatural calm through most of the morning, going through the motions and blindly making selections when his input was required. He usually relied on Loki for that sort of thing. That train of thought got shut down immediately.He started to get nervous, though, when Frigga started fussing over his outfit, smoothing out his cape on his shoulders and making sure everything was in place. His heart started beating a little faster. This was really happening. He was going to walk out there and get married. To a woman he’d never met, who he was going to make Asgard’s queen.Frigga departed and Thor sat down heavily, trying to clear his head. It filled with a dull buzzing instead, like static numbing him to his surroundings. It could have been minutes or years before the servant came to fetch him; Thor had no comprehension. A heavy weight settled in the pit of his stomach. It was time.A hush settled over the hall as he entered, striding forward with confidence he didn’t feel to take his place. Odin was sat regally on the throne, gazing out unseeing over them all. He didn’t acknowledge Thor. He moved to his place on the right side of the stairs, where Loki and Frigga were waiting to stand behind him. Frigga gave him a small smile, and somehow he managed to return it before bracing for the inevitable and facing his brother.Loki looked like hell. His eyes were red and his face tired, his posture slumped and bent. If Father had been paying any of them a whit of attention, he’d have been livid. Thor bit back the impulse to voice concern. He knew exactly why Loki was upset, and it was his own fault. He’d forgiven him, but that was all Thor could manage right now. He turned his back and planted his feet firmly, hands behind his back and standing at attention to await the arrival of his bride.He cast his gaze over the assembled subjects in one last attempt to take his mind off Loki. Both sides of the hall were filled with Asgardians, as there hadn’t been enough time to gather an audience for the bride. He spotted Sif near the front, looking small and sad, and he managed to catch her eye and smile. She perked up a bit, smiling tentatively back, and he gave her a slight nod that said everything was okay. If he’d forgiven Loki, he could certainly do the same for her. She hadn’t cut him nearly as deeply. Her answering smile was more genuine, now, and Thor felt a little better. He hadn’t meant to upset her with his abrupt retreat. At the time, it had been all he could do.He smiled politely at the gathered audience, spotting several more friends near Sif, but he didn’t have the energy to acknowledge them all. So he turned his attention back to the golden steps beneath his feet.The bride had been accompanied by a wedding party, and several people had filed in to stand opposite Loki and Frigga while Thor had been distracted. A tall, skinny gentleman on the Alfheim side of the aisle looked a bit worse for the wear. “We never should have trusted Miracle Max’s hangover cure,” Thor heard him mutter to the similarly miserable larger man beside him. The other man nodded tiredly, and let the speaker lean back slightly against him. Thor’s heart twinged. The casual intimacy made him ache. How he longed to touch Loki like that; to have the right to take his hand in public or brush stray strands of hair from his face when he was too consumed in reading to notice them. He shook his head to clear it, a bit angry at himself now. He had put these desires to rest a very long time ago. He was stronger than to fall prey to them now.The bridal march began and Ilyn entered the hall, two ladies-in-waiting following behind her. The traditional veil was pulled back over her hair already and revealed her face—an elven tradition, perhaps? Thor couldn’t say she looked any more excited about this than he was. She shot a quick, miserable glance at the two men Thor had observed earlier, who were now standing straight and tall. He imagined Loki was doing the same behind him. Pretending. They were all pretending. Exactly who were they trying to fool?He took Ilyn’s hand as she reached the fourth step and they took the next two together, standing before the altar that had been quickly brought out of storage early that morning. Odin stood and approached the other side, staring first at Ilyn and then Thor, gaze assessing. After a moment he nodded and turned back to Ilyn, and the ceremony began.“Do you, Princess Ilyn, come here of your own free will and by your own choice, to enter into marriage?” Odin needed nothing to amplify his voice; it echoed, booming and decisive, out to everyone in the hall.Ilyn closed her eyes a moment, and he saw her crossing the fingers of her left hand. Her right was shaking slightly in his. “I do,” she lied, and Thor felt the first stirrings of frantic helplessness bubble up in his throat.“And is it your intent to wed Thor, Odin-son, Crown Prince and Heir Apparent to the throne of Asgard, and join unto his your life, your fate, and your realm?”She looked down, now, unable to look Odin in the eye as she gave away her last chance at freedom. “It is,” she said, and now Odin was rounding on him.“Do you, Prince Thor, come here of your own free will and by your own choice, to enter into marriage?”What was choice? Thor thought. He did what he had to do, as he had always done.“I do,” he said aloud, and he felt rather than saw Loki wilt behind him. “And is it your intent to wed Ilyn, daughter of Dulgor, Crown Princess and Heiress Apparent to the throne of Alfheim, and join unto hers your life, your fate, and your realm?”For a moment the words wouldn’t come, and then they slipped out before he even realized he was saying them. “It is,” they all heard, and Thor felt the final nail slide smoothly into the coffin. The time to go back had passed. It was nearly done now.Odin lifted the sacred cup from beneath the altar and placed it atop with more care than Thor had ever seen him bother to show anything. “Place your hands above the cup,” Odin commanded. Ilyn seemed to fear him, so Thor squeezed her hand reassuringly and carefully maneuvered them both into the proper position. Odin began chanting the spell that would bind them, join them in blood and fill the cup with wine as a symbol for them to drink of each other. The casting took a few moments, but Thor knew he would know when it was complete. A cousin had once described the feeling as utter belonging and peace; like coming home. Thor doubted he would feel that way.Odin finished and Thor looked expectantly at the cup, waiting for it to fill and for the spell to fill him with whatever emotion was to characterize his marriage. He frowned slightly when he saw nothing, and looked up at Odin to find him equally perplexed. Odin said the words again, louder and with significantly more hand-waving this time, but the cup remained empty and still. Odin was getting angry now, and Thor turned his head to smile apologetically at the gathered audience. He heard Odin cursing under his breath and he couldn’t figure out what was happening until—Until his eyes stopped on Loki as he was turning back to the altar, looking hopelessly sad and broken and slumped over in defeat at Frigga’s side, and he knew. Thor’s breath caught in his throat and he breathed out slowly, trying to remain calm as his entire world flipped on its axis. Loki looked—he shook his head, couldn’t find the words to express it. Gods, how had he ever doubted?He let go of Ilyn’s hand and took a step to his right, reaching out just a little toward his brother. “Loki?” he said quietly, and Loki snapped to sudden attention, red-rimmed eyes shining up at him through the glamour he now knew was there, and Loki was back with them, returned from whatever daydream had pulled him away.He looked quite startled at the change of events, glancing quickly from where Ilyn stood alone to Thor’s outstretched hand to the empty cup and Odin’s glare and back again to Thor. “Get back over there,” he hissed, eyes darting over to the assembled audience and back. “Father’s going to murder you.”“Loki,” he said again, taking another step forward, and Loki straightened completely and leaned a half step back, not actually moving his feet but putting himself in danger of overbalancing. Thor crossed the remaining distance between them and put a steadying hand on his arm, curling his fingers around his wrist. He could feel Loki’s heartbeat beneath his fingers, the blood pumping dizzyingly fast through his veins, and he met his brother’s astonished gaze unflinchingly.“Do you remember what Father said?” he asked, gently leading Loki to the answer he knew in his heart was true. “The day he told us I was getting married. Mother made him promise. Do you remember?”Loki blinked at him, uncomprehending, but searched his mind for an answer anyway. “He said that he had betrothed you. That he was contacting Alfheim to make the wedding arrangements.” Thor nodded. Asked him silently, what else? Loki’s eyes widened. “He said…” Loki’s adam’s apple bobbed as he swallowed nervously. “He said that if the person you were in love with loved you in return, the wedding was off,” he breathed incredulously, holding his breath as he held Thor’s gaze.Thor nodded and leaned closer, raising his free hand to cup Loki’s cheek. “Do you love me, Loki?” he whispered, amazed his voice didn’t break over the question.Loki’s lips moved soundlessly for a few moments, and then he shook his head and let out an exasperated huff of breath. “Of course I do,” he said at last, and Thor could feel him trembling. “How could I not?”The hall erupted in shouts, all dwarfed by Odin’s howl of outrage, as Thor pulled Loki in for a long-overdue kiss.



Chapter End Notes
Never fear, there will be an epilogue! It does not end here!Bonus points for anyone who catches the reference I added to this chapter years and years ago when I first conjured this story in my mind. It's either way too obscure or way too obvious, I can't figure out which.Comments bring my puppy and I joy!


Epilogue
Chapter Notes
Here we are at last! I am so grateful to everyone who stuck around with me for this wild ride. I know it was a long wait for some of you, but here you have it: the conclusion to this story. 
I know everyone wanted to know more about Odin's motivations, and I had the backstory in my head but nowhere to put the scene, so I hope it works okay here. Thank you so much for all your support!




Three Months Ago

"I think you're drunk, brother."
Thor laughed, nudging Loki in the side. "I am not," he said, his face lit by the warm light of the hall sconces as he stared at Loki fondly. Loki reached out and barely thumped his arm, and Thor swayed a little, catching himself on Loki's shoulder and laughing. "All right, all right, perhaps I'm a bit tipsy," he allowed. "But surely however inebriated I am, you are equally as much so, for you drank as much as I."
"I appeared to, perhaps," Loki grinned, though in truth he was feeling a bit warm and fuzzy inside himself. "It is quite a simple matter to slowly drain the wine from one's cup, offering the semblance of partaking equally when actually consuming much less."
"Trickster," said Thor, his tone fond. "I'll have to bring you with me when next I travel to Nidavellir. Eitri is forever challenging me to drinking games that I inevitably lose." 
"You want me to help you cheat?" Loki gasped, ostensibly scandalized. He leaned back against the stone pillar behind him, resting some of his weight against it. "For shame, Thor Odinson. What would Mother say?"
"That I finally had the good sense to ask you along with me? It's been too long since we've spent time together off-world," he said, a hint of melancholy entering his voice.
"It has," Loki agreed after a moment, their inhibitions lowered by drink but their desires unaltered. It warmed his heart that Thor wanted them to grow closer again as well. Perhaps he would come to Nidavellir with Thor. Provided he asked him again in the morning, that was. "If you've still got this foolish plan in your head when you're sober," Loki said, pausing when Thor leaned forward to rest his forearm against the pillar above Loki's head, "...then ask me again, and perhaps I'll go with you," he finished, somewhat more quietly.
"I will," Thor said certainly, eyes filled with unbridled affection, and he leaned in to press a featherlight kiss to Loki's forehead. "Good night, brother," he said, clapping a strong hand on his shoulder, unaffected as he always seemed to be by such casual intimacy. And off he went, ambling down the hallway, the loss of heat generated by the solid warmth of him stinging Loki like a physical wound.
Loki turned his head to watch him walk away, staring helplessly until he was out of sight and then releasing a burst of half-hysterical laughter. He slid slowly down the pillar, his knees tucked into his chest and his head in his hands, as his laughter turned into an almost-sob. "Fuck," he said, scrubbing his hands over his face. "Couldn’t I have fallen in love with anyone else?” He sat there a minute longer and then shook his head,  letting out a long, heavy sigh as he stood and made his way to his rooms.
Hugin and Munin flitted away from the balcony, the image of Loki slumped against the pillar transmitting to their master's mind's eye, and Odin began to plan.

—————

Present Day

“So you tried to get me to fall for Sif?” They were lying in bed together, reclining lazily on their sides and their hands clasped loosely together between them. "Why her?" Thor teased. "What were the requirements for this would-be queen you planned to throw at me?"
“Hmm, let’s see," Loki thought aloud, taking the question seriously despite Thor's intent in asking. "Well, you had to have someone who could fight at your side. You’d be far too bored leaving your partner home when you went off to battle. Intelligent—for all I tease you, you do need someone with a quick wit to keep up with you. Stunning, of course. Finding someone to match you on that front would be nearly impossible, but you do deserve the best. I had to find someone who wasn’t afraid to call you on your bullshit—your ego doesn’t need any more stroking, and what good is a king who doesn’t have someone to tell him he’s wrong now and then?” He thought another moment and then shrugged. “I suppose that’s about it. Though, I suppose—how this all started was that I was looking for someone who really knew you. Who could take the good and the bad and love you anyway. Someone who would really see you. Because you deserve that. You deserve to be loved for you, not for your title.” 
He’d been ticking items off on his fingers and letting his gaze go a bit unfocused as he thought, and now he turned back to Thor to find him staring at Loki like he was very, very slow. “What?” he asked, just the tiniest bit annoyed, and Thor shook his head in exasperation.
“You do realize that you just described yourself, right?”
Loki hadn’t, and it took him a minute to absorb that information. Then he took another, just for good measure. “Well,” he said at last, leaning closer to Thor, “I suppose that means I’m not the only one here who’s a little slow on the uptake.”
Thor huffed out a laugh but met him halfway for a kiss, and there was another trait to add to his list. Compromise. They were too bloody stubborn, the both of them. Now and again, one or the other was going to have to compromise. Their marriage would just be a series of fistfights if they didn’t. Though, Loki mused absently, the makeup sex might be something worth causing a few fights for. He might have to investigate that sometime. Purely for empirical research, of course.
Thor had managed to roll on top of him and start pressing sweet kisses to his jaw by the time Loki’s brain caught up with that thought. Their marriage? Were they getting married? Would that just throw salt in the wound for Alfheim, whose king was sure to be furious (even if his daughter had practically danced for joy) that his agreement with Odin had been broken? Well, nothing to do about it now. What was done was done, and Loki—turning his head and drawing Thor back in for another proper kiss—wasn’t exactly personally invested in trying to change the situation. No, he was pretty well content with things remaining just as they were now. He would find a way to placate Alfheim well enough to make things better for Asgard, though; he was absolutely selfish enough to claim Thor as wholly and entirely his, but calling off the wedding didn’t mean their subjects had to go hungry. Maybe he could—but Thor was breaking their kiss again and moving down to his neck, this time, and Loki decided he could definitely wait to deal with that until tomorrow.

—————
In the end, everything went as well as it could have. Loki had spent a few weeks at the negotiating table in Alfheim, and a little Asgardian technology had been more than enough to convince them to lift the harshest of their trade restrictions. Asgard’s economy was booming again; Loki was the recipient of many a smile or wave as he walked through the palace’s neighboring village. Everyone knew that the younger Prince was the one to thank for their change in fortune; Mother and Thor had made sure of it.
Loki was trying to decide whether to bring plain or herb-dusted bread home for lunch with Thor when a small child came barreling toward him out of nowhere, jumping readily into his arms. Loki almost fell over in surprise, but years of sparring helped him catch his balance at the last possible second, arms coming up instinctively to hold the child safely to his chest.
“For you!” the boy grinned, holding up a handmade necklace strung with bits of brightly colored rock and crystals and hanging it proudly around Loki’s neck. “Thank you for saving my daddy’s job! He says you’re the bestest prince Asgard could ever have!” The boy pressed a loud, smacking kiss to his cheek before wriggling out of his arms and leaping away, running back toward a small group of children who had been playing ball, but were now all focused on gathering around their comrade, pointing and whispering at Loki and grinning as the child gestured boldly and recounted his tale. 
Loki raised his hand to the necklace and smiled softly, causing a few of the children to raise their hands to their mouths and giggle. Loki gave up on decisions and paid for both loaves of bread, his hand never leaving his new treasure as he gathered his purchases and made his way to the gardens where Thor would be waiting. 
Thor beamed at him when he turned the corner into their favorite area of the gardens and entered his line of sight, standing from the blanket he'd laid out on the soft grass and catching Loki in his arms. Loki laughed, wrapping his arms around his neck and pulling him into a kiss, the bag of foodstuffs tossed carelessly onto the blanket.
"Mother wants us to choose a color scheme for the wedding, among a thousand other things," Thor said with a wrinkled nose, some time later when they'd detached themselves from one another's embrace and settled down to eat. "I told her it didn't matter, that I just wanted to marry you and everything else was irrelevant, but she insisted. Apparently we're having a meeting with the wedding planner next week to iron out the details." Loki hummed absently in reply as Thor continued on, still thinking about how much had changed in such a short time.
He’d been invisible before. Thor had been blind to his affections, Father to his talents, his kingdom nearly blind to his existence. But everything was different now. He didn’t have to hide anymore. Didn’t have to push his dreams to the side, try to convince himself that what he had was enough. He could have what he wanted now… There was little Thor would deny him; he only had to ask. Loki rubbed absently at the beads around his neck as he remembered the warmth of the child in his arms, how perfect and right it had felt to be the recipient of that innocent kindness and joy.
“I want a baby,” he said suddenly, interrupting whatever else Thor was relaying about their wedding plans.
Thor’s answering grin was blinding. And Loki would get to see it, every single day, for the rest of their lives.




Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



