



Reassurance - DaltonG - The Avengers 2012
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Reassurance
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/778413.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
The Avengers (2012)
Relationship:
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson, Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Character:
Clint Barton, Steve Rogers, Tony Stark
Additional Tags:
Dom/sub Play, Painplay, Subspace, Emotional Hurt/Comfort, Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot, Angst
Series:
Part 1 of
Orion Bound
Stats:

        Published: 2013-04-29
          Completed: 2013-05-08
          Chapters: 4/4
        Words: 7256
      

Reassurance
by DaltonG
Summary
Phil is in London. Clint is in crisis. Tony and Steve are there to help.
Notes
No beta. Now Part 1 of "Orion Bound".




Chapter 1



 
Steve knelt on the mattress next to Clint, tying a black silk blindfold 
around his head with gentleness. Despite his sure touch, Clint's 
breathing sped up. 

 
Steve looked worriedly at Tony. 

 
"Breathe easy, little archer," Tony said, laying his hand firmly on 
Clint's bare shin. "Remember, Phil is watching every minute of this. 
We're playing by his rules; he instructed me very thoroughly." 

 
This didn't seem to do anything to ease the tension evident in all of 
Clint's muscles and in his soft cock, lying quiescently against his 
thigh. Steve bit his lower lip, and Tony reached over to ruffle his 
lover's hair. 

 
"Both of you calm down. I know exactly what I'm doing and we're all 
going to have a really, really good time." Tony's tone was lascivious 
but his smile to Steve was gentle and reassuring. 

 
Clint's wrists were already bound with leather lined with fur; the cuffs 
had D-rings that were latched into those built into Tony's massive oak 
headboard. Other than the cuffs and the blindfold, though, Clint was 
naked; extensive restraint wasn't part of his and Phil's scenes. 

 
Tony knew he needed to get the two subs past the raging case of nerves. 

 
"Steve, doesn't Clint have a pretty cock?" Tony asked. 

 
Clint's cock jumped a little in response. 

 
Steve hummed in agreement. 

 
"Don't you just want to taste it?" 

 
Steve licked his lips without realizing it. "Yeah, I do," he said in a 
low, soft voice. 

 
"Why don't you go ahead and do that, then. But just lick it for now. No 
sucking," Tony ordered. 

 
Clint whimpered and his cock filled out a little more. Steve bent down 
and applied his wide, warm tongue with a long lick from the base upward 
and then started flicking the glans with just the tip of his tongue. 
Clint's cock stiffened until it was lifting a little from his leg. 

 
"Oh god," Clint murmured. 

 
"Now now, you know the rules," Tony said as he knee-walked to the head 
of the bed and laid his finger against Clint's lips. "No words or else 
I'll have to gag you. And I don't want to gag you; I want to be able to 
hear your pretty sounds. Can you be good for me and not say any words?" 

 
Clint nodded. Phil had learned early on that the burden of speaking was 
part of what Clint needed to lay down in order to enter subspace. 

 
"Good boy. Oh, I can tell you are going to be so good for Steve and me, 
aren't you? You're going to just lie there and take whatever we want to 
give to you. And we want to give a lot to--hey, no SUCKING, I said no 
sucking Steve, didn't I?" Steve looked up guiltily with Clint's fully 
hard cock between his wet, red lips. 

 
"Drop it!" Tony ordered. Steve immediately opened his mouth and Clint's 
cock fell out, slick with spit. Clint whimpered again. 

 
"If you're going to forget how to obey me this early on, you know what 
happens next," Tony scolded. Steve nodded miserably. Tony slid off the 
bed, walked to the other side, and strapped a little leather cockring 
around Steve's cock and balls, snapping it shut by pressing against 
Steve's turgid flesh, which he knew hurt but not too much. 

 
"I'll be good, Tony," Steve pleaded. 

 
"You bet you will, no cumming for you for a while, naughty thing." 
Steve's whimper echoed that of Clint moments ago. 

 
--- 

 
Phil was in London. Phil did not want to be in London. Phil was, in 
fact, quite angry that he was in London. He was handling Natasha on a 
relatively easy job, but while he was gone, Clint had been called out 
with the Avengers and the mission had gone badly. An agent had been lost 
and Clint blamed himself. Tony and Steve had tried to explain to him 
that there was nothing any of them could have done; they showed him 
footage from multiple cameras, both S.H.I.E.L.D. and NYC, which proved 
that he was much too far away to have saved the agent, but Clint was 
especially bad at dealing with losses after the Loki mind-capture 
incident and after almost losing Phil. The three months that Phil had 
been declared dead--Fury nearly lost the team by keeping them in the 
dark--had nearly killed Clint and it was all too fresh. 

 
When Phil called for his nightly phone call with Clint and heard his 
voice, he ordered Clint to go find Tony immediately and hand him the 
phone. Which Clint did without thinking; thank goodness for their years 
of D/s training. Phil explained to Tony that Clint was in a bad way and 
that he needed Tony's help, and he went on to spend an hour filling Tony 
in on what exactly needed to be done to keep Clint sane. Tony took it 
very seriously and thanked Phil at the end of the call for trusting him. 

 
"I trust you as far as I can throw Captain America, which is maybe a few 
inches. You're going to have cameras set up in the room and will be 
broadcasting the procedings to me the entire time." 

 
Tony grinned. "Fair enough, Agent. I don't suppose you'll get any 
enjoyment out of watching yourself, now, will you." 

 
"Not until you have him out of the woods I won't," Phil replied, and 
Tony sobered up. 

 
"Don't worry, Phil. I understand what needs to be done and while I'm 
sure Cap and I will have a good time, this is about Clint." And Tony 
meant it...until he put the cuffs on Clint and realized just how bad 
Clint was doing, and then he vowed to himself to do everything he could 
to ease Clint's pain. 

 
--- 

 
Tony rubbed his slippery forefinger gently around the outside of Clint's 
anus while Steve chewed on Clint's left nipple. Clint was beginning to 
sigh a little but the muscles on his legs, stomach and arms still bulged 
with tension. Tony picked up a small leather slapper and lightly tapped 
Clint's right nipple. Clint yelped far out of proportion to the pain, 
simply because it was the first pain and was completely unexpected with 
the blindfold on. Tony chuckled softly and tapped him again, multiple 
times, in the same place with a very faintly increasing pressure. Clint 
began breathing a little more deeply. 

 
"Tony, I want to worship his balls," Steve asked politely. 

 
"Go ahead dear heart," Tony agreed, and began alternating the slapper on 
each nipple, the left one wet and more sensitive and peaked due to 
Steve's work. As Steve leaned down to lave Clint's hairless sac, Tony 
eased his finger into Clint's warmth. 

 
"Dear god, so tight," Tony breathed. Then he pulled out. 

 
"No," whined Clint. 

 
"Oh, that's it. I warned you." Tony sounded triumphant and authoritative 
but he was actually very glad that Clint had held out as long as he had. 
He'd kept an eye on the clock (actually his Bulgari watch) and it was 
just about the right time to gag Clint per Phil's instructions. He moved 
back to the head of the bed. 

 
"Open." 

 
Clint clamped his lips shut. 

 
"Jesus Christ, Clint. Phil is watching you. Open your fucking mouth." 

 
At the reminder that Phil was watching from his hotel room in London, 
Clint gasped inadvertently and Tony pressed a short cock gag into his 
mouth, carefully avoiding his teeth, and then buckled it roughly around 
his head, yanking his hair at the end for good measure. 

 
"There, that'll shut you up. What a pushy sub." If Clint could have 
protested, he would have; instead, his dick did it for him by wilting a 
little at the insult. Steve noticed and quietly wrapped his huge, warm 
palm around the shaft, pumping lightly in place instead of stroking, a 
gesture of sub-solidarity. He doubled his efforts to pull both of 
Clint's balls into his mouth at once, opening his jaw wide to 
accommodate the larger-than-usual organs. 

 
Tony, for his part, gave Clint a soft kiss on the forehead as he tugged 
his hair a few more times, tugging for sensation instead of yanking for 
the pain. He knew he needed to build the layers of pain slowly, keeping 
them just this side of pleasure, because Clint needed the pain tonight, 
but knowing that eventually they would blur into sensation and pleasure 
when he was deeper into subspace and more able to accept it. 

 
"Now that we've got some peace, I think we can attach these." Tony 
pulled up Clint's right nipple--Clint breathed sharply through his nose in anticipation--and placed 
a reasonably nasty alligator clip around the tenderized flesh, making 
sure that it wasn't particularly tight at this stage.  

 
"Oh, now that's pretty. Isn't that pretty, Steve?" Tony flicked the 
reddened nub that stuck out from the metal with his finger. Steve rolled his eyes up to 
look without stopping his sucking and made a sound that was probably one 
of appreciation but mostly just sounded like humming with his mouth 
full. 

 
"I think one just isn't enough, though, don't you, Clint?" When Clint 
didn't respond, Tony tapped Clint's cheek very lightly. 

 
"Clint? You with us? You remember your bell?" Clint was holding a bell 
in one hand, in anticipation of the gag, to use as an alternate 
safeword. He nodded slightly, reluctantly. 

 
"Clint, give me your level, 1 is the start, 5 is down deep." Clint held 
up one finger. 

 
"Thought so. Let's help you down a little more." And Tony snapped the 
other clamp on with a little less care, eliciting a muffled yelp of pain. 

 
"Good boy, that's a good boy there, taking all that pain and pleasure at 
once." Tony stroked Clint's hair for a moment while snagging more lube 
out of the bedside table. 

 
"Now Clint, what you probably don't know is that Steve has to come at 
least five times a night to feel human." Steve glared at Tony as best he 
could with his mouth full of balls. "And you probably didn't see, but 
he's trapped in a cockring right now. It's really very sad for him, 
actually." As Tony was talking, he was very slowly pressing two fingers 
into Clint's ass. The clench was tight and he knew he needed to work on 
that situation before Steve's cock got anywhere near that tunnel; anal 
pain was not on Phil or Tony's list of okay things for subs to 
experience.  

 
"Have you ever seen Steve's cock, Clint?" Tony didn't wait for an 
answer, rubbing his fully spread hand firmly on Clint's belly in a 
circle while he stroked gently inside his asshole, his fingers tight together. "It's 
REALLY big, Clint. I mean ridiculously big."  

 
Steve tried to glare harder. 

 
"I mean like those dildos in the display case, nobody on earth really 
has a cock that big, big. I don't think you're quite ready to take that 
sort of sledgehammer up this teensy little ass of yours. But Steve 
really needs to get off. What to do?" Tony pretended to think. Clint was 
breathing deeply to deal with the throbbing in his nipples and the 
warmth of Steve's mouth. Steve was mewling around Clint's balls because 
he really was ready to have the cockring off, thank you very much. 

 
"Oh! I've got it! Steve, see what you think of this. What if we took the 
gag out of Clint's mouth, and he promised to be REALLY GOOD and not 
talk, and we let him blow you? Would that work for you? You can take his 
balls out of your mouth now and give me an actual answer." Tony was 
amused at how hopeful Steve could look even with his jaw spread wide. 

 
"Yes, yes, I think that's an excellent idea. I think Clint can be good. 
Can't you, Clint? Please? Pretty please?" 

 
Even Fury was helpless in the face of Steve's mildest pleading, and Steve 
was pleading with all the impetus of an aching, dripping, ring-blocked 
cock. Clint nodded vigorously. 

 
"Well, okay, if you vouch for him, Steve, I GUESS we can try it." Tony 
reached behind Clint's head and unbuckled the gag, lifting it out with 
care around the teeth again. 

 
"Now come up here, Steve, and kneel over Clint, like this," Tony helped 
Steve climb up, "and just ease your cock on in here." 

 
"Tony?" Steve whimpered. 

 
"What, is there a problem? Look, look at Clint's beautiful mouth, wide 
open, ready for you, and he's being so good, he hasn't said a word! What 
more could you want?" 

 
When Steve was into subspace, Tony's amused, fake-shock voice just 
seemed completely straightforward and he whined. 

 
"Tony!" 

 
"OH, oh, I bet you want me to take that cockring off, don't you! Now, 
you could've taken that strap off yourself, couldn't you?" Tony gave 
Steve a sharp look. This scene was for Clint, but it couldn't hurt to 
make sure Steve was feeling good, too. 

 
"No, Tony, I couldn't." 

 
"Why not?"  

 
Poor Clint continued to hold his mouth open, at the ready. 

 
"Because you put it on me, Tony." 

 
"That's right. Good boy. What a good boy you are for me." And Tony 
unsnapped the strap and guided Steve's throbbing, dripping cock into 
Clint's wide-open mouth. 

 
~ to be continued ~ 




Chapter 2
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




 
Clint and Phil were together as handler and agent for four years before 
Clint had the guts to kiss Phil. It happened late one afternoon after Clint had finished an informal debrief 
in Phil's office after a routine op which Phil had overseen and already 
knew inside-and-out.  
 
Phil had sighed. "I'll take care of the paperwork, Clint. You can stand 
down." He had been shuffling papers when Clint had walked to the side of the 
desk, leaned over, kissed Phil quickly--mostly missing and getting more 
cheek than lips--and then had run out of the office.  
 
Clint had found the first 
men's room and vomited in the furthest stall. He was fearless on the 
field but he'd been building up to that kiss for a very long time and 
was sure that Phil would have at least six reasons why they couldn't be 
together, some of them so humiliating that he would have to leave 
S.H.I.E.L.D. and would never see Phil again. 
 
Phil had stared at the door which Clint had slammed shut behind him. So 
Natasha was right. What the hell was he going to do about this? The only 
way he had held his feelings in was by being sure that Clint would never 
return them. Phil was not strong enough to hide his aching heart in the 
face of a possibility of having Clint, the one person he had ever wanted with 
this severity. 
 
Phil had gotten up and walked slowly to Clint's tiny S.H.I.E.L.D. 
apartment unit. Clint had answered the door with a miserable "I'm so 
sorry..." and any plans Phil had had for a long, intellectual discussion 
of their options disappeared and he had pulled Clint into a 
lung-crushing embrace, kissing him open-mouthed for a full minute. When 
he had pulled back and seen the relief on Clint's face, there was 
nothing else to be done but hash out the details. 
 
--- 
 
"Oh god, Tony, his mouth is so hot...I can't hold back. Do I pull out?" 
Steve moaned. 
 
While Tony had been fully briefed on the scene and all of Clint's 
boundaries, he hadn't let Steve in on any of it, figuring that Steve 
would get more out of being led through the scene--and wouldn't have 
time to worry himself out of doing the scene at all. 
 
"No sweetheart, he prefers to swallow. Shoot everything you've got down 
that sarcastic throat of his," Tony instructed, and Clint didn't even 
have time to take a breath before Steve was squirting hot cum into Clint 
and groaning with each jerk of his cock. Clint swallowed as fast as he 
could, but Steve was copious with both his pre-ejaculate and his 
eventual cum, and at least half dribbled down Clint's chin. Tony laughed 
softly at the sight. 
 
Steve finally finished and gracefully rolled to sit beside Clint on the 
bed, panting. 
 
"It's sweet," Clint said softly, wonderingly. Tony decided not to punish 
him for that verbal infraction; Steve's taste still surprised him every time. 
He assumed it had something to do with the serum, or maybe with Steve's 
assiduous avoidance of all things dairy. 
 
"It is, isn't it," Tony said instead, using the side of his palm to scoop 
the mess off Clint's chin and licking it off his hand. Then he gave Clint 
a short but deep kiss for a job well done. 
 
Steve flopped back against the pillows. "What now, Tony?" 
 
"Now you recover for a minute and then we're gonna give ol' Clint here a 
little ride." Tony could see Clint's asshole contract with nerves; 
luckily that wasn't the kind of ride Tony meant. Not yet. 
 
"I want you to unhook Clint's wrists from the bed--" Clint whined at this, displaying 
yet more nerves, "--and give his arms a nice massage. I'll be right 
back."  
 
Steve set to unlatching the cuffs and then curled his larger body around 
Clint's, to warm him, and grasped one archer arm and began expertly rubbing the 
muscles with his long, intelligent fingers. Tony ducked out of the 
bedroom and pulled a Starkphone out of his jeans pocket. 
 
"It's a nice start, Stark, but you've got a ways to go. Do you see what 
a wreck he is?" Phil scolded without preamble. 
 
"Calm your jets, Phil, it's pretty fucking clear. It's going to take 
some time, and I've got nothing but time." Of course it wasn't true, 
there were at least three projects half-finished, down in the lab, that StarkTech engineering was 
eagerly awaiting, but Tony had his priorities straight. Pepper would 
just have to make excuses. Again. 
 
"Do you have any specific suggestions for the next layers of pain? The 
next set of activities is to get him off and loosen him up a little; 
then I want to make him hurt some more," Tony said. 
 
"How are you going to get him off? It's pretty early for that; he 
probably won't put up with it." 
 
"That's for me to know and you to watch, Philster. Trust me. This would 
work on a monk. Well no, that's a terrible example, a stiff breeze would 
work on a monk. This would work on the sluttiest slut there is. In other 
words, this would work wonders on me." 
 
Phil scoffed audibly. 
 
"Look, if it doesn't work, we'll move on to the next layer. Which should 
be?" Tony prompted. 
 
"Probably some flogging, ass and backs of thighs. Be careful to avoid 
balls until he's deeper under." 
 
"DUH. Jesus Phil, I do have a clue." 
 
"Can the touchiness, Stark, this is my boy we're talking about and 
you'll fucking listen to what I say or call it quits right now." 
 
"Sorry, Agent. You're the only one who gets to be touchy here, got it." 
Tony took a deep breath. 
"Seriously, don't worry. He's in good hands. And whether you believe it 
or not, you picked someone who really gives a shit about him. So just 
sit back, unzip, and enjoy. I'll check in later." Tony hung up before 
Phil could harangue him any more, slipped the phone back in his pocket, 
and re-entered the bedroom. He could see that Clint was slightly more 
relaxed from the massage than when the scene had started; small 
victories. It was hard for anyone to stay stressed under Steve's magic 
massaging fingers, anyway. 
 
"Okay, that's enough coddling, Steve. Time to put Clint through some 
paces." Tony moved to the side of the bed and held the gag back up to 
Clint's lips. 
 
"Open," he said quietly, and this time Clint opened without hesitation. 
Tony rebuckled the gag belt and then reached down to hook the cuffs 
together. 
 
"Didn't want all the blood to fall out of your arms, dear boy, but we don't want 
you having free reign either, do we." Clint sighed a little through his 
nose when his wrists were re-restrained, even that small bit of bondage 
an obvious relief. 
 
"Now, Steve?" Steve looked up at Tony eagerly. "Get down here at the 
foot of the bed. I want you to eat this boy out like he's made of candy 
floss." Tony had made sure to require Clint to take a thorough shower 
before he came to the scene; none of them were into scat. 
 
Steve crawled around until his tummy was at the foot of the bed, his 
legs propped on the floor, and pushed Clint's legs gently but firmly 
apart until they were as spread as they could be. Then he bent his head 
to his task. Steve's tongue was longer than most peoples'; had been even 
before the serum. He started by licking lightly at the entrance as Tony 
had taught him, flicking back and forth around the sensitive, taut pink 
flesh surrounding the anus as a tease and then back to press softly at 
the rosebud, back and forth, until Clint was whining and rocking his 
hips a little. 
 
Tony let Steve work on Clint until he could see--and hear--that the 
flesh was very wet and that Steve was starting to push inside. Clint's sounds were getting a bit louder, a bit more rhythmic. 
Tony sat on the side of the bed near Clint's hip and watched for a few 
more minutes so that when he suddenly bent down and engulfed Clint's 
cock deep in his mouth it was a complete surprise to Clint, whose hips 
rocketed up as he yelped around the gag. 
 
Clint had just a little precum, a more normal combination of bitter and 
salty, and Tony sucked it down like ambrosia. He wrapped his hand around 
the base of Clint's shaft and began to suck softly and rhythmically. 
Steve's tongue was pressing in deeper and deeper in a counter-tempo, and 
Clint's hips didn't know where to move when. Sweat began to bead on 
Clint's forehead; his hair started to look damp. He raised and lowered 
his bound wrists helplessly; his stomach clenched tightly. 
 
Tony lifted off Clint's cock; Clint whined loudly through his nose. 
 
"Oh, by the way, Clint? Any time you want to come, you just go ahead and 
do so. No need to ask my permission." Tony smirked at his little 
gag-related joke. By now he could see Steve's tongue was buried almost 
all the way in Clint, dragging slowly, wetly in and out of his anus. God 
bless Steve's salivary glands, Tony thought. Tony reached down to lick 
cruelly at Clint's cock and was rewarded with a groan. 
 
"Oh, what was that? Were you trying to tell me something, Clint? What, 
you want me to stop sucking on you?" 
 
Clint shook his head in the negative rather vigorously and Tony counted 
it a win; another step down into subspace, he was communicating 
willingly now. 
 
"No, no, you don't want me to stop sucking on you. But you want 
something. What could that be. Steve? Any ideas? Don't stop what you're 
doing, but if you could give me a hint..." Steve pointed rather urgently 
to Tony's mouth. Clint, who was not far gone enough to ignore or to be 
amused by Tony's fake-ignorance, was frowning as hard as someone 
blindfolded and gagged could frown. 
 
"My mouth? He wants my mouth...what, oh, you're pointing to his cock, he 
wants my mouth on...on his COCK, oh, well I guess that makes sense." Enough 
teasing; Tony eased back down and began sucking harder, and the break in 
the rhythm had worked; within moments Clint was cumming into Tony's heat 
and grunting with the effort. 
 
Tony sucked just until Clint stopped ejaculating, not wanting to play 
with oversensitivity, especially since he had plans to make Clint come 
at least one more time. He sucked up as much semen as he could when he 
pulled off and then grabbed a soft washcloth and dried the rest. 
 
"Okay, Steve, you can stop for now." Steve raised his head and let his 
tired tongue comically dangle from his mouth. 
 
"Oh, poor baby!" Tony leaned over and kissed Steve deeply, caressing 
Steve's tongue with his own, tasting Clint's soap-clean flavor. He 
stroked Steve's hair. 
 
"What a good boy, you did a great job," Tony said, and he pointed 
silently and obviously to Clint's now relaxed anus. Steve's eyes widened slightly in 
understanding.  
 
"Clint, honey, level of 1 to 5?" 
 
Clint held up 3 fingers of his right hand as best he could, his left 
clasped in a fist beneath it via the leather cuffs. 
 
"Good, we're getting there. Don't worry, we're not going to leave you 
hanging. So to speak," Tony said, stroking Clint's leg, taking a measure 
of the lessened but still-present tension there. 
 
~ to be continued ~ 




Chapter End Notes
Sorry, I'm vacillating wildly between the spelling options of "cum" and "come". Feel free to beta and you can have your pick of a standard.


Chapter 3



 
~earlier that night~ 
 
"Yeah?" Clint answered his phone in a monotone. 
 
"Clint? Give the phone to Tony. Right now," Phil ordered. Clint got up 
from the couch, walked into the communal kitchen, and handed the phone 
to Tony without a word. He returned to the couch and sat facing forward, 
staring unseeing at the TV. Steve was sitting next to him, twitchy, 
agitated, trying not to stare at Clint. Every once in a while Steve 
would lift a hand as though to put it on Clint's arm, get a good look at 
Clint's face, and drop his hand back to his lap with a sigh of 
frustration. 
 
Clint was glad Phil was gone. He wasn't entirely sure what he was going 
to do, but whatever it was, it would need to happen when Phil wasn't 
around. There were too many deaths on his name now. He'd thought he'd 
been getting past the Loki incident with a lot of therapy, both the 
formal kind and Phil's special brand, but today's loss was one too many. 
If he wasn't limited to archery, of all archaic things. If he was 
faster. If he didn't depend on fucking Iron Man to be deposited in the 
right place like a helpless lump. If he could have aimed better. If he 
could have been better. 
 
He wasn't necessarily considering suicide. He wasn't brave enough for 
that, he could admit that to himself. But he was clearly a liability for 
The Avengers and it was time to leave. Phil would never willingly let 
him go, so he would have to make his move before Phil got back. Phil 
would get over him; so would Natasha. No one else really cared. All Fury 
cared about was having a warm body in his employ; there were plenty of 
people far more qualified on the waiting list for S.H.I.E.L.D. 
agenthood. Tonight, when everyone--especially the ever-hovering Captain 
America--was asleep, he'd make his move. He had backup plans layered 
upon backup plans, made years ago and kept up just in case. No one would 
ever find him and he could live out his useless life in quiet, obscure 
poverty. 
 
He realized his head was aching from how hard he was clenching his jaw 
and he eased the tension. Couldn't be clear-headed enough to disappear when pain was a 
factor; he'd need all his stealth tonight. 
 
"Get in the shower, Clint. My bathroom. Now." Tony stood in front of him 
using a commanding voice Clint had never heard Tony use before. He shrugged and 
stood up, following Tony into the elevator and up to his penthouse 
apartment. He might as well be clean when he disappeared; god knew when 
he would have another hot shower. 
 
He would've used the ceiling in Tony's bathroom to escape, but Tony sat outside 
the shower on the sink vanity directing his activity. "Scrub your face. Now 
your shoulders. Now your chest." And so on and so on, like Clint had 
never taken a shower before. He stared unseeing ahead of himself into 
the steam and did 
everything Tony said to do without thinking. 
 
"Okay, dry off." He took a thick towel heated from Tony's electric towel 
rod and scrubbed at his damp body. As he rubbed his hair perfunctorily, he 
looked up to see Steve in the bathroom, too. 
 
"Gonna need your help with this, Steve," Tony said, and Clint watched 
each man wrap a cuff around one of his wrists. Even so, his gaze 
remained distant, and he simply followed as they pulled him, wrists 
first, into the bedroom. Steve lifted him onto the bed. It wasn't until 
he felt his arms spread and registered the cuffs being attached to the 
headboard that he finally reacted. 
 
"Oh HELL no. Fuck you, Stark. No fucking way." 
 
Tony held a phone up to Clint's ear. 
 
"Clint? You will do everything Tony tells you to do, without question. 
You are under his command now. I am watching everything that happens and 
I will make sure that you stay safe. Do not. Fucking. Disobey me." From 
years of training, Phil's voice was enough to command acquiescence, if 
not willingness. Clint's jaw clenched tight again and his expression 
went blank. Okay, fine. He would endure this and still have plenty of 
time to vanish before Phil got home. 
 
It was harder to ignore them once the blindfold was on and Steve's hot 
mouth was around his cock. His traitorous dick reacted as though he 
wasn't in the deepest emotional crisis of his life, as though this were 
just a sexy little scene with friends. 
 
He could resist Tony playing with his ass. He could even resist Steve 
eating his balls with a thoroughness no one else had been able to 
achieve. It was the gentle touches that Tony kept bestowing that were 
agony. He didn't deserve gentleness. It was obscene; he should only be 
punished for what had happened today. 
 
When Steve shot a load and a half down Clint's throat, he swallowed 
automatically. But then Steve uncuffed Clint from the bed and panic rose 
up in him. They expected him to stay here voluntarily? He felt Steve's 
hot skin surround and cuddle him and he reinforced his mental walls, 
breathing deeply. He'd been in worse situations on assignments, sexual 
situations where he had to pretend to want to be where he was. He could 
do this. Even if Steve's fingers were pressing into all the aching knots 
in his too-tense arms and forcing the muscles to relax. 
 
And then Steve was giving Clint the rimming of his life, and Tony was 
blowing him expertly, and again, no matter what his mental will might 
be, his body took over and he came in spite of himself. 
 
It felt really good. 
 
Which just made everything worse. 
 
--- 
 
Phil watched Tony with, well, a hawk's eye. He knew the razor edge 
Clint's sanity had been teetering upon, and when Captain America texted 
him the summary of the day's mishap, Phil knew Clint was in danger. Even 
if he took the Quinjet home--which Fury never would have authorized 
during an active mission--he 
wouldn't have gotten back fast enough to keep Clint from doing something 
stupid. So Phil realized he had to put his trust in the one team member 
he could least rely upon--Tony.  
 
While the public knew of Tony as an 
unrepetant slut, Phil knew what Pepper, Steve, and a handful of other 
people were privileged to know--that Tony was an extremely skilled Dom. 
He and Tony had even talked shop a few times about where to get the best 
equipment and what techniques worked well with their respective subs. 
 
When Phil heard Clint's emotionless voice on the phone--when Clint 
knew he was talking to Phil--he realized it was worse than he 
had imagined, and now it was up to Tony. 
 
Phil was far from turned on, even though the vision of a naked Captain 
America doing naked sexy things to his sub would normally have left him 
in a puddle of helpless lust. Instead he was still fully clothed--having 
only conceded to loosening his tie--and was sitting at the hotel room 
table in front of his secure StarkTech laptop, watching the procedings 
via several of JARVIS' cameras, a bundle of nerves. 
Natasha had been given the bare outline of events and had quietly left the room 
for parts unknown. Phil kept realizing that he was holding his breath 
and that his fists were clenched so tight his knuckles were white, and 
he would force himself to flex his hands and take a deep breath only to 
fall back into the same rigor. 
 
The orgasm was too soon. Clint would never accept pleasure without being 
much further in subspace. Tony wasn't paying attention and he was going 
to fuck this up and Phil was going to lose Clint for good. Phil realized 
that he'd bitten his lip so hard when Tony hung up on him that he'd 
drawn blood. If only he could be there! 
 
--- 
 
"Okay, let's get those clamps off before your nipples turn blue. Oh, 
they're already purple, aren't they? Hm, you'll have to trust me on that 
one, Clinty. Steve, take the first one off." 
 
Steve put a warm palm on the center of Clint's chest, to steady him, and 
carefully opened the clamp jaws on one nipple, knowing that even if he 
was gentle it wouldn't help. 
 
Clint screamed into the gag. 
 
"Now suck, Steve, suck good, lick him and warm that flesh up. Let him 
feel it, that's it."  
 
Steve bent down and did just that, alternating between sucking softly 
and pressing his tongue flat against the abused flesh. When Tony did 
that for him it always helped ease the pain back from a sharp agony to a 
more satisfying, dull ache.  
 
Tony carded his fingers through Steve's 
hair. Steve was a natural at this. Tony had taken a chance, knowing that 
it was killing Steve not to be able to help Clint out of the scary place 
he seemed to have gone in his head. Tony was actually hoping to heal all 
four of them if this went well. 
 
"Okay, good, that's very good...now it's time for the other one," Tony 
instruted. 
 
Clint drew in a breath and held it. Tony reached up and slapped Clint's 
cheek oh-so-lightly. 
 
"Now now, you know better than to hold your breath against pain. 
Breathe..." Tony waited for Clint to take a breath. 
"...breathe...breathe...NOW." Steve jerked off the clamp a little harder 
than he meant to and Clint's face contorted so that the blindfold 
slipped a bit. Tony calmly adjusted it and pressed Steve's face to the 
other cold, tortured nipple and Steve laved it without being asked. Now 
Clint was breathing deeply, almost too deeply. 
 
"Clint. CLINT. Listen to me. You are hyperventilating. I need you to 
slow down. Breathe with me." Tony pressed Clint's crossed wrists against 
his chest above the arc reactor. "Feel me breathe. 
In...out...in....out." Tony did this for a few minutes, holding Clint 
against himself, keeping his free hand 
on Clint's chest, until Clint's breathing evened out 
again. 
 
"Good boy. You are such a good boy for me." 
 
(On the other side of the world, Phil winced. Too soon, Tony, he thought 
frantically. Too soon.) 
 
~ to be continued ~ 




Chapter 4
Chapter Summary
Catharsis.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




 
Tony unbuckled the gag belt from behind Clint's head and carefully 
removed the blunted silicone cock gag. Steve saw the panic in Clint's eyes 
and raised an eyebrow at Tony, who shot him his best "I know what I'm 
doing, trust me" look. 
 
Tony wrapped his strong fingers around Clint's jaw and turned him so 
that he had to look into Tony's eyes. 
 
"Clint? I don't like how erratic your breathing is getting. No more gag 
for you but you are under orders to stay silent unless you need your 
safeword. Hand me the bell." 
 
Tony put his hand under Clint's clenched left fist where his non-verbal 
safeword element had left imprints it was clutched so tight. Tony gently 
unbent each finger until the bell fell into his hand and he set it 
aside. 
 
"Tell me your safeword, Clint." 
 
Clint's first attempt to speak was just a croak. He cleared his throat 
and said roughly, "Coulson." 
 
Immediately Steve held up a bottle of cool water to Clint's lips and 
helped him drink it all. Steve tenderly brushed Clint's wet hair back from his 
forehead as he drank. 
 
"Okay, we've got a little maneuvering to do next. Steve, lie down where 
Clint is; Clint, we're going to turn you over so you're lying down on 
Steve." Tony helped Steve manhandle Clint into position so that his 
cheek was against Steve's wide, firm, hairless chest, Steve's hands 
resting on Clint's back.  
 
"Draw your knees up, Steve. This bit isn't for you."  
 
Steve pulled his legs up until his feet were flat on the bed on either 
side of Clint, who had his hands lying loosely on Steve's shoulders. 
Clint's breathing was shallow and Steve stroked his hands firmly up and 
down Clint's back, trying to get him to relax a little. 
 
Tony countered that by thwacking his multi-tail flogger very loudly in the 
air behind the bed. It took no small amount of skill to make such a 
thick instrument make such a loud crack. 
 
"Okay, Clint," Tony said softly, "let's really take you down now." And 
he began to swat Clint's ass with the flogger, slowly at first, almost 
softly, stroking it across each cheek in turn with a sure wrist flick as 
though he was brushing house paint on a wall. It was so soft, in fact, 
that Clint grumbled against Steve's chest, disgusted. Steve grinned, 
knowing what was coming. 
 
Tony worked out daily to be sure he could handle the Iron Man suit. 
While his arm muscles weren't as showy or obvious as Clint's, they were 
quite adequate to the task of his nearly nightly scenes. The strokes 
across Clint's asscheeks gradually deepened in force, beginning to thud 
hard enough for Clint's taut muscles to visually dimple at the hits. Without 
realizing it, Clint began to hum low in his chest.  
 
Then without breaking rhythm Tony swapped the flogger for a thin 
flexible cane he'd been holding in his other hand and a sharp hot 
line of pain seared itself across Clint's asscheeks, going deep and 
leaving an immediate welt. Clint cried out at the unexpected change even 
as Tony thudded the flogger back and forth again, still in rhythm. 
 
Clint looked up at Steve, tears in his eyes. Steve just stroked Clint's 
hair, very aware that Clint was not safewording. 
 
Clint had almost relaxed back into the soothing, satisfying rhythm of 
the flogger, whose hits were now requiring Tony to breathe hard, the 
scent of his sweat filling the room, when the cane came back into play, 
laying a stripe across the very tender juncture of buttocks and thighs. 
Clint screamed and bit down on Steve's chest, which caused Steve to 
grunt in turn. 
 
Tony kept this up for a good half hour, alternating until Clint had 5 
distinct thin red welts across his asscheeks under the bright red of the 
solid flogging. Tony finally threw down both tools to the floor, 
adjusted his erect cock in his jeans, and picked up a small leather 
paddle. 
 
"Clint, this is going to hurt. A lot. Get ready."  
 
Steve tightened his hold on Clint's upper arms. 
 
Tony took the paddle and tapped five times on Clint's soft, defenseless 
balls lying against the mattress between his legs. He was deliberately light, knowing from Phil that it took 
very little to deliver real pain to Clint's scrotum. The taps were meant 
to be a final sensation, not terribly painful, after the deep flogging 
and caning. But they did the trick. Suddenly Clint was sobbing on 
Steve's chest, snot running out both nostrils, drool falling from his 
lips. It sounded as though he was sobbing from the bottom of his soul. 
 
Tony ripped off his jeans and climbed onto the bed, turning Clint onto 
his side so 
that he was pressed tightly between Steve in front and Tony behind. Tony 
and Steve stroked Clint's skin wherever they could reach as Clint 
clutched Steve so tightly that he left fingernail prints in his back. 
 
"So good, you're so good Clint, you were so brave. We love you so much. 
You were so good today and we love you, we need you," Tony was murmuring 
in his ear. Somehow this managed to make Clint sob harder. 
 
Eventually the storm petered out. Tony gave himself sainthood points for 
ignoring the feel of Clint's heated assflesh pressed against his aching 
cock. Steve fed Clint another bottle of water and a protein bar. 
 
When Clint finally relaxed and had caught his breath, it was time to 
tell them. 
 
"Thank you, thank you both. I really needed that. I'm going to miss both 
of you." 
 
"Excuse me?" Tony growled. 
 
"I've got to go, I've got to leave before Phil gets here. You'll be fine 
without me. Just give me a minute to catch my breath, okay?" 
 
"What the fuck are you talking about, Clint?" Steve said. It was always 
so effective when he dropped in the rare swearword. 
 
"I have to go." Clint looked up at Steve without artifice, completely 
calm now that he'd had his catharsis. "I'm no good for The Avengers. 
It's time to leave." 
 
"What about Phil?" Steve asked. 
 
"Phil will get over it. He'll find someone better." 
 
Clint felt a cuff being reapplied to his wrist. 
 
"Cute, Tony, but that's not going to keep me here." 
 
"It is if you're locked to me." Clint looked down to see that Tony had 
padlocked the D-ring to a cuff on his own wrist; the bedside table 
drawer was open. 
 
Clint gave Tony a scathing look. "Like I can't get out of that." 
 
"Maybe not, but you can't get out of both of these." Steve had followed 
Tony's lead and now Clint's other wrist was padlocked to a cuff on Steve's 
wrist. 
 
"Not funny, guys. This isn't going to solve anything." Clint tried to 
reach with his right hand to unhook his left wrist cuff and Steve easily 
held Clint's wrist at his side. Clint grunted and tried dragging his Tony-cuffed 
hand the other way; Tony was tired, but not that tired, and Steve easily 
moved his own Clint-wrist further away. 
 
"What, you're going to keep me cuffed for the rest of my life? Yeah, 
that's a sustainable plan." 
 
"No, they're going to keep you cuffed until I get back there," Phil 
said, suddenly visible on a giant screen in front of Tony's bed, his 
face dark with anger. "The Quinjet is warming up right now, Natasha's 
flying it, and we'll be there in eight hours, so you are going to figure out 
how to piss with no hands until I get there and really show you pain." 
 
Clint's jaw was actually open with shock. He had completely forgotten 
that Phil was watching. 
 
"Clinton Francis Barton. The ceremony we performed four years ago was 
for life and beyond. You are a complete fuckhead if you think you're 
getting away from me this easily. You will stay put, I will come get 
you, and you will re-learn just how much you belong to my ass." The 
connection was cut. 
 
Clint had a foolish grin on his face. 
 
"Tony, how are we going to pee like this?" Steve asked 
plaintively. 
 
"Very, very carefully." 
 
~ the end ~ 




Chapter End Notes
Poor cock-blocked Tony! He was meant to get some but sometimes the Dom has to be the adult. This is my first Avengers fic (and one of my first ever fics) so comments are sooooo welcome.



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



