



Seeing Stars - Vixenfur - Zhong warifalseserahu
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Seeing Stars
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/14337330.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Underage
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
終わりのセラフ | Owari no Seraph | Seraph of the End
Relationship:
Hyakuya Mikaela/Hyakuya Yuuichirou
Character:
Hyakuya Mikaela, Hyakuya Yuuichirou, Hiiragi Shinoa, Hiiragi Shinya, Ichinose Guren, Lacus Welt, René Simm, Urd Geales, Saotome Yoichi
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting, Alternate Universe - High School, Alternate Universe - Citrus, Citrus AU, Brief Mention of Ichinose Guren/Yukimi Shigure, Background Ichinose Guren/Hiiragi Shinya, brief sexual harassment, Mildly Dubious Consent, Sexual Tension, Yuzu!Yuu, Mei!Mika, Related by Law
Stats:

        Published: 2018-04-16
          Completed: 2018-05-28
          Chapters: 8/8
        Words: 83712
      

Seeing Stars
by Vixenfur
Summary
Before Yuu could ask anything more, the front door opened behind him.When Yuu turned around, his head was already bursting with questions. But the last person he was expecting to see standing in the doorway of his very own home was the breathtakingly beautiful, blond, blue-eyed Student Council President.MikaYuu x Citrus.
Notes

          See the end of the work for  notes





Chapter 1
Chapter Summary
After his father Guren remarries, Yuu begins attending Hyakuya Academy. He quickly gets in trouble with the Student Council President over his punk-like appearance.Upon returning home, Yuu is shocked to discover that because of Guren’s remarriage, the Student Council President himself has become his new family member and moved in with them.
Chapter Notes
Hey all! Here's my new fic- I hope you enjoy it! The chapters will be longer, but that means the story will be shorter. I think it'll have around 5 parts to it.This fic will have a style closer to Unwritten/Get Rekt Yuu-chan- it's more lighthearted and humorous than something like Angel of Music. Thank you for giving it a shot!That being said, this is based off of the manga (and recent anime) Citrus. It's a yuri manga about love between these two step-sisters. In the series there's a really heavy emphasis on the "sister" bond between them, so it really screams 'incest' a lot... but in this story, there will be emphasis on 'family' instead. After all, that's how it is in canon.The series is also notorious for dubious consent/non-consensual actions. There will be mildly dubious consent in this fic- I made sure to tag this- but because this is Mika and Yuu and not Mei and Yuzu, things will be different. The fic is very similar to Citrus right now but things will change as we go along.If you don't like this sort of thing I advise you not to read, and don't get bitter at me in the comments. I've given you a warning! It takes no effort for you to close this window and go read something else you would enjoy more. :)I hope you like it! Comments/kudos are appreciated!Support the cover art here!





The summer sun blazed vividly down onto the glistening skyscrapers of Shibuya, where the people below hustled and went about their daily business as per usual. Thankfully, beneath the shade of the convenience store overhang, the sun was not nearly as scorching. Seated on the bench next to his friend Yuji, Yuu was distracted with the bagged snack he purchased moments before. He fiddled with the packaging, opening it after a few failed attempts to break the seemingly airtight seal.Beside him, Yuji and Yamanaka chattered on, sighing and groaning as they complained about this and that. From schoolwork to annoying family members, the topics they droned on about were of little interest to Yuu. Yamanaka was standing beside the bench, one hand in his pocket and the other holding a popsicle stick, which he waved around as he ranted about his irritating, overprotective mother.Yuu was hardly listening, his mind too swamped with thoughts of his new life ahead.He would be continuing his second year of high school, but it wouldn’t be at the school he was at currently. No, in the next week, he was transferring because of all times, his dad decided to get married  now. Meaning, they were moving out closer to where his dad’s new husband lived to make things easier. Plus, their new home would be larger- large enough to accommodate both Yuu and Guren as well as Shinya.Knowing this, Yuu was conscious that this week was his last chance to show off in front of his current friends. Over and over they had told stories about fights, booze and girls- all things Yuu didn’t have much experience in. Sure, he had a few fist-fights when he collided with a punk now and then, and he had a sip of alcohol before when Guren wasn’t looking, but… girls?Yuu was a terrible liar, but he somehow had Yuji and Yamanaka believing that he was one  hell  of a womanizer. Yuji and Yamanaka must have been real stupid to believe him this entire time. It was also entirely possible that they were simply pretending to believe him just to humor him, but Yuu doubted that. They would have shrugged Yuu off by then, deeming him a loser and moving on to a different friend.For that, Yuu had every reason to assume that they took his word on these wild stories of frisky encounters with women in shady, secluded places.Blinking himself out of this thoughts, Yuu tuned back into the conversation as Yuji scoffed and chewed on his gum.“She totally ticked me off, so I dumped her.” Yuji blew a large, round bubble, his eyes lazily trailing off to the parking lot to briefly acknowledge a man getting out of his car. Then, it popped and stuck all over his lips. Yuu scrunched his nose at the unappealing image. What girl would want to kiss...  that? “What!?” Yamanaka gawked, his voice as loud as ever as Yuji noisily pulled the gum back into his mouth with his teeth. Yamanaka blinked a few times, shifting between his feet as he pressed further. “Didn’t you say you two went… you know…” He spoke quietly as his cheeks turned a light pinkish shade. “...all the way last week?”The image amused Yuu. He was the virgin here, and yet it wasn’t hard for him to believe that Yamanaka might be as well. Maybe they were all liars, tricking each other over and over, boasting made up stories and attempting to one-up each other every time. Yuu wouldn’t be too amazed if that was truly the case.“Yeah, but it could have been better.” Yuji shrugged, as if he was talking about a mild inconvenience and not his own love and sex life. He glanced at Yamanaka with little-to-no expression, his eyes dull and loaded with boredom at the mere thought of this ex-girlfriend of his. Yuu wondered what it was like to do something so intimate with someone, yet feel little to nothing for them mere days after the fact. And to make matters worse, Yuji added, “I’ll find a replacement soon, you know.”“I…”Before he thought too deeply about what he was doing, Yuu began to speak up and tell his own story. And now that Yuji and Yamanaka looked at him, Yuu realized he had no idea what he was going to say next. He felt a nervous clench in his gut and he slouched back, trying to seem casual and cool like his friends. He had to keep up his reputation and make them think he was as badass as he had been playing himself up to be this whole time. Unfortunately, he couldn’t think of a story fast enough, so he blurted out the next best thing that crossed his mind.“I’ll get a new girlfriend, too.” Yuu  knew  that wasn’t going to happen, but he tried his best to keep a normal expression, a smile tugging up on the corners of his mouth. Then, he reached into his bag of chips and popped a few in his mouth.“Ohhh?” Yuji arched his eyebrows, and for a chilling moment, Yuu feared he was being seen through. Luckily for him, Yuji continued to speak normally, paired with his vaguely interested expression. “I would invite you to the mixer happening next week, but it’s the day after you leave.”“Long distance isn’t worth it,” Yamanaka added minutely with a nod.Yuu leaned back and, after swallowing and giving them a self-confident grin, he boldly stated a huge lie.“I’ll get a girlfriend that you’ll all be jealous of- as  soon  as I transfer!” *** Luckily for Yuu, he could lie all he wanted from a distance with no fear. Constructing a whole story would be nothing if done over texts.Plus, it wasn’t very likely that Yuu was going to even continue being close to those guys. They didn’t have any sort of close connection that would last over a distance, anyways. Sure, they would check in with each other now and then through messages, but Yuu couldn’t imagine them becoming very significant in the future. Yuu had nothing to fear in the end.Now, it was the morning of his first day at his new school- the Hyakuya Academy. To Yuu’s excitement, his new last name shared the title of the prestigious high school.Guren really outdid himself by marrying a rich guy like Shinya, who was next in line to inherit the Academy. Yuu could only imagine how ritzy he must be, and considering the lavish new apartment he and Guren just moved into, he believed his luxurious life was only just beginning. His new grandfather was the head of the academy, after all! The Hyakuya family was loaded, and Yuu was thrilled to be part of them now, even if only by name.He had a brief vision of himself dressed in a lush fur coat, sunglasses perched on his nose as he stepped out of a limo. Everyone at the school fawned over him, cheering and throwing money at him in thick wads. Ah, yes… the rich life.  Yuu nearly skipped when he got out of bed, feeling so lucky now to be financially loaded.Yuu was pretty peeved that Guren never introduced Yuu to Shinya face to face, but he prayed that his idiot father had enough common sense not to marry a weirdo. Even if he was a weirdo, Yuu thought to himself, at least he was a rich one. Yuu nodded to himself a few times, then grabbed his uniform and got changed.Standing before the mirror, Yuu was fully dressed in his new school uniform for the first time. His old uniform was entirely gray with turquoise and black stripes on the collar, so he couldn’t get around it easily to dress in his usual style. The gray pants ruined his entire look. However, with this uniform… Yuu had many options.He  did  have to wear a dress shirt underneath a blue-and-silver blazer, but maybe he could get away with a different colored tie, cool pants and sneakers rather than slacks and stiff, uncomfortable dressy shoes!Yuu smirked at his own clever plans. He immediately removed the pale blue tie he was required to wear and put on a black one, leaving it stretched out and slightly loose. To match with his casual appearance, Yuu unbuttoned the first few buttons to reveal the shape of his neck nicely. He left his shirt untucked and fastened a wallet chain to his black skinny jeans. There were tears across the knees and some on the thighs, revealing small windows of skin and giving him the gruffier appearance he wanted.That sort of look was hard to accomplish with his old uniform, but at this new Academy, with his elevated social status? He was certain he could get away with it. He was related to the head of the school now. Hell, he might as well be the  king  of the school!Grinning with excitement, Yuu reached up with gel on his fingertips and roughed up his hair, spiking it at the ends and giving himself a casual, messy look. He parted his bangs around his eyes and smirked in the mirror, posing a few times to ensure that he indeed looked cool enough. Then, he paused, wondering what was missing from his getup. It needs one more thing…  Yuu tapped his fingertip to his lower lip as he mused over what else he could do to appear more grunge-y than this. The wallet-chain was a nice accessory, and he was wearing a couple leather bracelets around his wrists, but he needed something that added just a little more. His eyes trailed over to his desk, seeking a solution, and almost immediately he noticed his black earphones, tossed haphazardly over a few books that he never read for his upcoming classes.The earphones were the touch he needed to his outfit. Yuu fastened them about his neck and nodded to himself, his heart hammering in excitement at his cool, roguish reflection in the mirror. He looked real tough, that was for sure! Yuu nearly laughed haughtily before grabbing his bag and stuffing his books inside. He was reminded once again that he didn’t bother to read up on any of them, but what did it matter? He was the chairman’s grandson now! He could do whatever he wanted without consequence! Or so, he thought, but he didn’t want to face the truth so soon.After tossing his book-bag over his shoulder, Yuu trotted out into the kitchen, where he saw a bento box wrapped neatly on the counter. Beside his lunch was a simple note: 
 Don’t fuck anything up, idiot Yuu. 

 I hope you’re enjoying the new place. Sorry I can’t be here on the first morning after moving in. To make up for it, I made your favorite for lunch. 

 - Guren 
 “Yes! Thank you, Guren!” Yuu cheered out to the empty kitchen, grabbing the lunch with a rosy smile on his face. Guren was already out at work, so Yuu locked up their apartment and nearly skipped out of the building- but before anyone could see him doing something so childish and embarrassing, he slowed down his pace and began to master his ‘perfect’ walk.He had to have a little bit of swagger, but not  too  much- most of all, Yuu had to look calm and stoic, yet also emit an air of strength and confidence. Yuu lowered his head and peered at everyone from just under the fringe of his bangs, his hands stuffed in his pockets as he took semi-lazy steps in the right direction.With a small smile on his lips, Yuu knew this was the best walk he could do. Everyone would think he was  so  cool!Yuu couldn’t wait to get to school and meet some awesome new people, to show off and impress everyone on the first day. He was a lone wolf before, always sulking on his own and not bothering to make friends, but this was going to change now. He moved to a new city, and so it was time for a new life and a new Yuu.Snickering under his breath, Yuu marched through the school gates, peering briefly at the other students around him. They were all glancing at him, clearly not recognizing him at all. Yuu nearly preened under all the attention, his heart pounding wildly in his chest. People were already noticing him- it was the perfect start to an exciting, promising day.Maybe even some girls would notice him, too.Yuu had fooled the guys up until now, but the truth was, he had never once been in love, nor had he ever kissed anyone. The guys back at his old school were always sleeping around, having fling after fling, talking about boobs and thighs.Honestly, Yuu didn’t find anything about their conversations appealing. He looked at girls at school and even borrowed Yuji’s magazines when the other boy insisted, but he felt nothing when staring at such provocative images. They were beautiful people, but Yuu wasn’t getting the same reaction that other guys talked so much about.He was beginning to think he was… different, in some sort of way, but he shoved the thought to the back of his mind before he could dwell on it for too long. He just hadn’t met the right girl yet, and when that day came, he would understand everything the guys always talked about.Right?Yuu sighed as he pulled out his phone, reading over his newsfeed and mindlessly liking a few posts. If he was being honest with himself, he was unlike the other guys: he was a romantic. He wanted something more than just… the sex that they always talked about. Maybe that was Yuu’s problem: he wasn’t thinking with his dick like they were.But to admit he wanted a rosy, flowery love story was too embarrassing for a guy like him. He could never be himself around Yuji and Yamanaka, that was certain.“Excuse me.”Yuu’s thoughts were interrupted by a voice, calm yet stern and directed in his general direction. He blinked a few times and looked around, his eyes meeting with those of another student- a tall, black-haired guy, with a  serious  case of eyebags. Either that, or it was just really smudged eyeliner. Yuu froze as the student peered at him suspiciously, scanning his body up and down with narrowed eyes. The student pursed his lips, then sucked in a sharp breath.“Do you have your Student ID on you?” the student asked.“Why?” Yuu asked blankly, his head tilted slightly.“Your… general appearance is in violation of the school rules,” the guy stated flatly. Yuu tensed up, blinking rapidly at the accusation. He noticed a red armband around the student’s sleeve and he gulped, realizing he must be in a position of power.“Huh?” Yuu stammered, still trying to play dumb. He couldn’t believe he was caught before he even entered the building! Did he stand out  that  much? Sure, that was his intention, but he thought there would at least be a few others around similar to him. Did no one else dress cool at this school like he was?“Also… cell phone use is prohibited, so I’ll have to confiscate that,” the guy went on, lowering sharp brown eyes to his clipboard. Then, when he looked up, he extended his hand and Yuu recoiled. He shoved his phone in his back pocket and waved his other hand around, dismissing his request like it was nothing important.“I just transferred here today, so I didn’t know about any of that!” Yuu covered up with a slight, nervous laugh tailing his excuse. He stepped closer to the student and softly said, “Can we let it slide?”“We  cannot  do that!” Another voice chimed in, much more uppity than the student standing in front of him. Yuu flinched and glared to his right, noticing yet  another  red-armband student. This guy was different; he had bright purple hair tied back in a bun. The second student frowned coldly, his eyes narrowed judgmentally at Yuu as he went on, “It would set a bad example for the other students.”“Ehh… that’s one hell of a style, though,” Yuu noted, glancing up at the purple-haired guy’s fancy hairdo.“This style is not a violation, so it’s acceptable!” The student snapped back, clearly offended that Yuu had pointed out his rather unique hairstyle. “Meanwhile, you…” The student glared at him, then stared pointedly at the tall eyebag guy. “Tell him, Rene.”The student apparently named Rene had been writing the entire time. He lowered his pencil and read off his list. “Not only has your cellphone use violated school rules, but also your top buttons being undone, your headphones, your non-approved tie, your accessories, your torn pants, and your shoes- they are all prohibited.”
 “Hah!!?” 
Yuu’s yell was so loud and obnoxious that other students paused to watch the scene. Yuu couldn’t believe what he was hearing- he couldn’t help his reaction! What fun was being a teenager if they couldn’t express themselves in any way? It was ridiculous and restrictive, and these students must realize it. They were the same age as him, weren’t they? Yuu’s mind was reeling with disbelief at the thought of such boring people, dressing the same every single day without a second thought. They had some sort of hive-mind mentality, Yuu assumed, to thoughtlessly follow these rules without question.“What’s the point of being a high schooler if you’re dressing all the same goddamn way!?” Yuu yelled, stomping up in front of Rene with a scowl. Rene stepped back, eyes widening with the force of Yuu’s colorful outburst. “That takes all the fun out of it!”“Hey, back off!” The purple-haired student stepped between them and shoved Yuu back, putting space between him and Rene.“Besides, how we’re dressed doesn’t affect how we study!” Yuu rambled on, despite now being a pace away from Rene. His eyes blazed with passion about his statements, his hands balling up in fists. He wanted to be a high schooler, dammit! Who were these guys to take all of his fun away?“It does.”Another voice had joined the conversation. Yuu clicked his tongue in irritation, glaring hard at whoever had just spoken up. How many people did he have to prove wrong today? Yuu flexed his fingers, then turned around briskly, fixing his eyes on the pretentious snob who dared to go against his reasoning.Yuu wasn’t prepared for the perpetrator to be so… stunning.Walking towards him was a tall, lean student, with eyes sharp and ice-blue, coldly fixated on Yuu. Blond, wavy hair framed his face, the silky ends licking at his neck. Not a strand was out of place as it glistened in the sunlight, glowing like a golden halo, and Yuu gulped, not realizing he had been holding his breath the entire time as the man advanced closer.“President…” The purple-haired student whispered beside him.So this guy was… the Student Council President. Yuu nearly stumbled back as the President approached him, close enough so that Yuu could see the perfectly sculpted shape of his jaw, his broad shoulders and narrow waist. Was it possible for a man to be both handsome and drop-dead gorgeous at the same time? Yuu wondered about this as the President calmly defied his argument, his eyes only slightly tensed with irritation.“School rules are for our social education, teaching us to obey designated rules,” the President said, gaze unmoving from Yuu’s. “Everyone is held to the same standards here. If you wish to attend this academy, then you must obey its rules.” Yuu was nearly trembling in his shoes, intimidated by the close proximity of the painfully attractive man before him. But the words he spoke were utter crap, and Yuu wouldn’t be silenced so easily.He glowered, his eyes glaring intently at the President as he shoved all of his nervous fear aside. His heart fluttered and his cheeks felt a tad warm, but he spoke regardless. If anyone needed to hear this, it was the President.“Isn’t that kinda crazy?” Yuu challenged, eyes locking with the President’s stoic blue gaze. “I just transferred here and didn’t know the rules, so the rules are new for me.” Feeling proud of himself, Yuu stepped closer to the President, staring daggers up at him through the parts in his bangs.  “What do you think about  that, Mister Student Council President?” Yuu snickered, frowning stubbornly up at him with his eyes narrowed in defiance. He held his stance, keeping himself together before such a formidable person like the President. Yet no coolheaded remark was spoken from those soft-looking lips, and Yuu smirked in triumph.“See, you can’t even deny-”But before Yuu could keep talking, his words were caught in his throat. Suddenly, the President was right before him, shadowing Yuu and bringing their faces close together. Yuu stiffened with shock, his eyes widening as the President’s nose brushed his own, and…  hands  trailed down his waist.Yuu felt like sparks had just shot through his body. From the palms of the President’s hands straight through his core, Yuu gasped from the sudden touch and feeling of those elegantly-shaped fingers sliding down his body. He was so startled that his heart leapt into his throat, making it impossible for him to speak smoothly.“W-What are you-” Yuu struggled with his words, his lips trembling as those hands slipped down, down, down until they were grasping his butt, groping unashamedly and causing Yuu to make the most embarrassing, choked sound he had ever made in his life. He caught a whiff of apples coming from the President’s hair, but he could barely focus on such a nice feature while he was being groped the way he was.The President stepped back and Yuu collapsed onto his knees, which were trembling from the shock and embarrassment Yuu felt. His skin burned hot under his clothes where he was felt up, and a humiliated flush bled across his cheeks as he tried to shrink into himself.“W-What the hell was that about!?” Yuu scowled, lifting his head weakly to glare angrily at the President’s back. “You bastard, I-” His angry threat was halted as he noticed his phone sitting in the palm of the President’s hand. The blond looked over his shoulder, azure eyes glittering cleverly.“Please follow all rules starting tomorrow,” the President said, and then without another word, he faced forward again and continued walking away, leaving Yuu a trembling mess on the pavement. Yuu’s heart was still racing despite now knowing that the President was only grabbing his phone… but did it have to be so  sensual!? Maybe it was all in Yuu’s head- perhaps he had only imagined the feverish edge to the man’s touch- but still, he wasn’t ready at all! Yuu felt the hot sting of tears in the backs of his eyes, but he swallowed them down, not wanting to succumb to the embarrassment pulsing through his veins in that moment.“T-That guy is totally crazy…” Yuu breathed out shakily. He barely listened to the reprimands of the other Student Council leaders as he got to his feet- his mind was whirling, replaying the moment over and over in his mind. Despite this, there was nothing he could do about it now. Without another word, he defeatedly trudged inside the building, his “cool walk” completely forgotten. *** By the time Yuu got to his homeroom class, most students had already settled in, as per their usual schedule. Yuu, being a new student, got to show off and introduce himself before the whole class. They were already midway through the year, and it was an odd time for Yuu to be transferring schools at this time, but it couldn’t be helped. He was excited to introduce himself before these students, eager to impress them and make new friends.Besides, what were the odds that anyone from this morning were in his class? The school was huge, so Yuu put his embarrassment behind him as he wrote his name across the whiteboard. He had to make friends somehow, and where else to start but his homeroom class introduction? He grinned to himself as he wrote the characters across the board, even pausing to draw a little star next to his name.Feeling confident once more, Yuu turned around and faced his future classmates and friends.Unfortunately for Yuu, his focus locked straight onto the icy blue of the President’s eyes. He tensed up, his whole spiel immediately forgotten as his heart leapt into his throat. His voice came out shaky and somewhat quiet, and after feeling a flustered blush rise to his cheeks, he took his seat with his eyes glued to the floor.
 How awkward. 
The school day ended quickly, giving Yuu his last chance to mingle and meet new people. He shot out of his desk almost immediately after the bell rang to dismiss everyone, his smile bright and inviting as he ran up to a pair of guys talking about what to do after school. He figured he could join them by being sociable and friendly, not thinking twice about being  too  friendly, or  too  excited.“What are you all up to? Karaoke? A mixer?” Yuu butted into their conversation without even asking anything else, but they both trailed off slowly and gave Yuu nervous looks. Maybe Yuu should have asked for their names first, but it was too late now. He waited with a smile on his face, despite the uneasy expressions the other two guys wore.“What do we do? The delinquent is bothering us…” The smaller guy said nervously to his friend, and Yuu waited for their direct response, feeling his blood run cold. Had he just ruined his chance at a normal, casual introduction? Why did this keep happening to him, anyways? Maybe Yuu was just unable to be the “normal” that he was trying so hard to be. Yuu opened his mouth, about to say something else to try and recover his awkward introduction when a hand grabbed his wrist and began tugging him away.“Ah- oi, who are…” Yuu turned around as the person began dragging him off, catching sight of lavender hair done up in a bun. A large black ribbon kept her hair together, and she peered over her shoulder at Yuu with a sly look in her eyes. She raised a finger to her lips, shushing him before facing forward and leading him out of the classroom. Yuu had no choice but to follow, so with a sigh he trekked along, glancing occasionally at the others they passed by. The girl pulling him along was short and someone Yuu was vaguely familiar with, and he just realized that she was the person who sat in front of him in class.Once in a secluded place, the girl released his arm and turned around abruptly. Her eyebrows were arched, finger extended as she began to scold Yuu without any sort of proper introduction.“Yuu-san, it doesn’t work that way!” On top of that, she knew his name. He assumed it made sense, since he had introduced himself before class, but he was certain his voice had cracked and that it made his voice nearly inaudible. Yet somehow, she remembered, despite the odds against Yuu.“Uh… who are you?” Yuu asked dryly, feeling exhausted after so many failed attempts to appear cool to his classmates. He had given up on keeping his facade, now simply staring at Shinoa without any deeper intentions.“Shinoa Hiiragi,” the short girl said, her hands on her hips authoritatively. “But just Shinoa is fine!”“Then, ‘just Shinoa'… what was wrong with my introduction?” Yuu asked hesitantly, peering at her in disbelief. Shinoa took a deep breath, as if she had to prepare some sort of lecture for Yuu to understand. He leaned up against the wall, tilting his head back as she sucked in a curt breath and began to explain.“Almost all the kids here have been part of the escalator system since elementary school. They’re all sheltered, with a capital S.” Shinoa frowned as she peered at the students passing by in distant hallways, then looked back at Yuu with a small smile. “I’ve been here since before I can remember, but I know the system well enough to get around it and not fall into their group mentality.” She looked up and down Yuu’s body and added, “You understand, right?”A small smile crept onto Yuu’s face. “I think I get it.” Shinoa wasn’t like the others here- she was cool, too. Yuu felt a little spark of excitement in his chest at the prospect of making a new friend. He watched as Shinoa went to stand next to him, leaning up against the wall beside him.“The students at this academy have all grown up bound by the school rules and this school’s scary chairman,” Shinoa continued. Yuu tensed at the mention of the chairman, feeling a small jab of fear in his gut. The chairman was his grandfather by law now, right…? He gulped, hoping that maybe he was only stern for his job. Of course he would be lenient with Yuu, because Yuu was his new precious grandson. Yuu assured himself of this, nodding to himself silently.Then, Yuu’s attention trailed to a group of modest students, all walking together and speaking softly to each other. It almost looked like they weren’t enjoying themselves at all. Yuu frowned, wondering if they ever laughed at a joke. They seemed so uppity and stiff. Yuu had no idea how to relate to those types of people.His eyes wandered and spotted the President, who was standing with a clipboard in his arms and writing things down about the students who passed by him. Yuu narrowed his eyes, trying to ignore the flashback that surfaced and with it, the slight flush on his cheeks. He cleared his throat, hoping to make the blush fade away.Shinoa noticed who he was staring at and nodded in the President’s direction. She nudged Yuu’s side with her elbow and said, “I see who you’re looking at so longingly.” Yuu flushed, sputtering a jumbled excuse that was incomprehensible, and Shinoa only chuckled. She continued on. “He’s an exception. He’s smart and pretty, plus he became Student Council President in his first year.” Shinoa’s lips curled up into a smile as she went on, “Not to mention he’s a stellar student, at the top of the class. It’s no surprise he was elected so quickly, good looks aside.”“Huh…” Yuu trailed off, his attention sliding back over to the President. He sighed softly as he stared at the blond, wondering what sort of life he had. It sounded boring, strict, and proper. He likely had no time for love or friends. Yuu couldn’t imagine such a lifestyle. Before he could continue thinking about him, Shinoa clapped her hands together, like punctuation at the end of her thoughts.“Well, that’s the gist of it! So let’s be friends, and exchange addresses!” Shinoa declared, then pulled out her phone and extended it to Yuu. Without thinking, Yuu nodded and took it, entered his information, and then froze up with the belated realization of what was happening.“Wait, a  smartphone?”  Yuu blinked widely at it, as if it were a sacred treasure never before seen. Then, he sulked from the empty feeling in his own pockets. With a defeated sigh, Yuu admitted, “I had mine taken away this morning…”“It’s not a violation if they don’t find out, Yuu-san,” Shinoa said in a sing-song voice, then slipped her phone into what looked like a secret, handmade pocket in her blazer jacket. Yuu stared, making a mental note make the same alteration to his own blazer when he got home. He didn’t know how to sew, but he would try his best to learn, just for this trick. He would have been far more clever before if he knew the cellphone-ban even existed.“Oh, that said, if you didn’t get it back from the student council, then it’ll be in Krul’s room,” Shinoa told him while adjusting her blazer. Yuu had no idea who Krul was, but he needed to get his phone back before he went home, after all. After learning where her office was thanks to Shinoa, Yuu headed over to the doors, wondering why Shinoa was wishing him luck the entire way there with a gleam in her eyes. *** It turned out that Yuu really  did  need all the luck he could get.He sat in the chair before Krul’s desk, barely suppressing his shivers of fear, his hands clenched tightly as the overwhelmingly intimidating woman before him stabbed him repeatedly with her words. He practically flinched with every word directed to him, and it didn’t help that her eyes were unwavering, staring down at Yuu like a queen on a throne.“It’s important to conduct yourself properly on a daily basis,” Krul was scolding him, her eyes sharply trained on Yuu, unrelenting and icy. Yuu swore he saw them glinting red, but he couldn’t look long enough to tell; it was like facing Medusa. He had no idea why such a short, youthful-looking woman was so terrifying, but there was something about her aura that made Yuu want to run and hide. He swallowed nervously, peering up at her like a kicked puppy begging for forgiveness. “That applies not only at school, but at home as well.” She paused, glaring at him pointedly, waiting for a response.“Yes,” Yuu choked out, clenching his hands tighter together. He lowered his eyes, not wanting to appear disrespectful by staring at her for too long.“What were you thinking, dressing like that?” Krul spat out, giving Yuu’s body a sharp once-over. He could feel her judgemental gaze, tearing him apart inch by inch. He just wanted to leave already. “A proper student must always take care with their appearance, remaining diligent so as not to embarrass themselves at any given time. That will contribute to proper mental growth and a mature, healthy lifestyle. Teaching students to follow rules and receive a proper education is the founding principle of this academy. Yet, here you are…”It went on, and on, and on. Yuu prayed for the time to pass quickly so he could escape this room- a room that felt like a dungeon, where victims of moral torture had to sit for hours and hours.When he was  finally  released, Yuu felt grateful that he had his phone again, but he was mentally drained. Listening to that woman yak on and on was just exhausting. He sulked as he trudged down the halls, making his way out of the school step by step.Before he completely left the premises, however, his eyes caught sight of one particular person.Yuu stiffened, stopping dead in his tracks without thinking about it. His attention locked onto the blond student a few paces before him- the one who he had encountered a few times today, the first being in… surprisingly close proximity. Yuu’s cheeks burned from the memory of the President’s hands on him, slim yet strong and purposeful as they slid along his body.He wondered why he was so hung up on just one pat-down. It was a little… touchier than he would have expected, but perhaps it was unintentional. Yuu could have been thinking into it too deeply. He was really worked up over nothing.Yet still, it was so hard for Yuu to tell the truth when the President had such a stoic expression. He showed no indication of messing around, so it didn’t make any sense that he would touch Yuu like that. Yuu sighed out, shaking his head as if to dismiss his thoughts through a physical action. He was about to keep walking when he noticed his homeroom teacher, Mr. Bathory, walking over to the President with a sly smile on his face.Yuu squinted, watching as he joined the blond’s side. Yuu assumed they had business together, and he was going to continue walking out, but something stopped him from leaving.Yuu’s eyes widened at the sight of Mr. Bathory’s hand.It reached down and unmistakably slapped, then  grabbed  the President’s ass. Yuu’s jaw dropped open. The President barely flinched, and instead turned a cold, sharp glare up to his teacher, a scowl on his face before he swiftly stepped out of his grasp. Yet the President said nothing- he only lowered his eyes and clicked his tongue harshly.“Obedience is something you must learn here as a student, you know...” Mr. Bathory threatened lowly, but Yuu could clearly hear his venomous tone, even from the distance he stood. The President looked back up at Mr. Bathory, his lips parted as if he was going to retort.Yuu should have kept walking, pretending that he saw nothing of the sort- it wasn’t his business, after all- but before he could slip away unnoticed, the President’s bright blue eyes flicked over Mr. Bathory’s shoulder and met with Yuu’s.“Shit-!” Yuu flinched, now realized he was caught seeing something so scandalous. Their eyes clashed for only a second, but it was enough to kick Yuu into frightened action. He immediately ran past them, not looking back and risking any discussion with them. Whatever just happened was something he was not meant to see.On his way out, Yuu bumped into Shinoa, but he didn’t bother to stop and chat with her. He only waved and continued on out, his heart pounding and pounding like a frantic drum-beat. For some reason, being spotted by the President flustered him so deeply- every time those eyes settled on Yuu, his chest seized up and he felt an urge to run away from the weird feeling inside of him. After seeing the President in such a compromising situation, his face burned hot and his heart fluttered in confusion.
 Just who is that guy, and why do I get so worked up when I see him…!? 
 *** At last, Yuu was home.He exhaled heavily once he unlocked the door, feeling like a huge weight had been lifted from his shoulders now that he wasn’t at school anymore. At least he could relax for the evening, away from the chaos of that Academy, away from the intimidating presence of the alluring Student Council President.“I’m home…” Yuu called out as he walked in and removed his shoes. When he turned around, he nearly tripped over a stack of boxes that were placed a few steps from the doorway.“What’s all this…?” Yuu blinked down at the stacks of boxes, noticing a moving company’s stamp on each of the cardboard boxes. Did Guren forget some things from their old apartment? He scrunched his nose, not quite understanding, considering that he had obviously helped Guren move out, and he was next to Guren when they gave their last look over their old apartment and closed the door one last time. There wasn’t a single thing left in there, so...“There you are,” Guren’s voice called out from inside, interrupting his speculations. Yuu stepped around the boxes and found where Guren was. He was hauling two boxes to the dining room table, stacked on top of each other. Yuu looked at the boxes suspiciously, but before he could ask about what was inside, Guren questioned him first. “Where the hell have you been all this time?”“Aha, well…” Yuu smiled awkwardly, not wanting to admit the truth of his wild first day at school. If Guren knew he already got in trouble-  multiple  times- he wouldn’t hear the end of it. Vaguely, Yuu answered him while leaning down to pick up one of the boxes in the foyer. “Things came up, things happened, and…” He grit his teeth, straining to try and lift one of the boxes- how the hell was it so heavy? “The hell, Guren, what’s in this thing, cement blocks?” Yuu squinted up at Guren as he approached Yuu, hands on his hips.Ignoring his question, Guren said, “You promised to help clean up after moving, right?” Then, he kneeled down and took the box from Yuu’s trembling arms, lifting it up with ease. Yuu glared at him and his large, straining biceps in frustration, not bothering to stand up quite yet.“Is Shinya here already? Is that what all of these boxes are for?” Yuu peered around at the other boxes, begrudgingly hoping to find something a little more lightweight.“About that…” Guren murmured, then placed the box down on the table alongside the others he had already hauled into the apartment. “He said he was going to see the other side of the world and then he disappeared.”“Eh!?” Yuu gawked at the casual tone in Guren’s voice when saying something so outrageous. Did Yuu actually have a reason to be concerned with who Guren married now? What kind of strange person was going to be living with them? Yuu frowned and accusingly asked, “What kind of weirdo did you marry, Guren!?”“Shut up,” Guren scoffed defensively, shooting a glare at Yuu. Then, he sighed and elaborated more seriously, “He’s living out his dreams, let him enjoy himself. Anyways, he won’t be back for a while.”“Really…?” Yuu sighed, frowning as he looked to the ground. He had to admit, he was a little bummed out knowing he wouldn’t be meeting Shinya for a while. Then again, now he understood why he hadn’t met Shinya before. If Shinya was always out traveling, of course the little time he spent here was precious.If they were lovers, naturally they wanted to spend that time alone together… Yuu sighed, still feeling melancholy about it all.“I was looking forward to seeing what kind of person he is,” Yuu said while standing up, giving up on picking a box to carry. “He’s going to be our family, after all… I really hope you didn’t marry a wackjob, Guren.”Guren rolled his eyes, then went into the kitchen. “Have a little faith in me, kid.”Yuu grinned and stepped into the kitchen, following Guren around as he pulled out some ingredients from the fridge to prepare dinner. He hauled himself up to sit on the counter’s surface, swaying his feet over the edge and grinning cheekily at Guren. “Well, as long as you’re happy. You’re happy, right, Guren?”“Of course,” Guren murmured as he started up the oven. Yuu thought he saw a little flush on his cheeks, which made him giggle under his breath with amusement. The sound caused Guren to look over his shoulder at Yuu, squinting at his smirking expression. “Get your dirty ass off the counter. I just cleaned it.”Yuu sighed, then decided to listen to Guren in the end. He slid off the edge and settled for leaning against the counter instead.“I need to get in that drawer,” Guren sighed, stepping towards him, then flicking his hands off in a different direction, as if pushing away a pest. “Shoo, go bring the boxes in or do something productive.”“Fine, fine,” Yuu groaned loudly, then trudged over to the foyer again. He grabbed the first box he encountered- luckily, it was lighter than the first one- then brought it into the dining room. As he set it down beside the dining room table, he continued to talk. “But you’re sure you’re happy, Guren?”“Yeah,” Guren responded shortly. Yuu smiled lightly as he went back to the foyer to get one of the last boxes.Just to keep bothering him, Yuu stopped for a moment and pressed, “Happier than ever?”“I have you with me,” Guren said simply and honestly. Yuu listened with a small smile as he scanned the boxes, wondering which to lift next as Guren continued talking. “And Shinya’s son, too. It’ll be nice to have two around here, for a change. I hope he’s not stupid like you, though. I can only handle so much stupid in one household, especially since you never fail to keep me on my feet with all of your impulsive decisions...”“Oi, who are you calling stupid-” Yuu had poked his head in the kitchen to bicker, finger raised to point accusingly at Guren, but he interrupted himself as the rest of Guren’s words caught up with him. His raised hand froze mid-air, eyes widening with confusion. “Wait, two? Shinya’s son?”“Oh, did I forget to tell you?” Guren responded nonchalantly as he cracked open a couple eggs, then dropped their yolks into a bowl. He tossed the shells into the trash as he said, “Starting today, our family is getting another member. Shinya’s son. He’s your age, older by a couple months, I think.”Before Yuu could ask anything more, the front door opened behind him.When Yuu turned around, his head was already bursting with questions. But the last person he was expecting to see standing in the doorway of his very own home was the breathtakingly beautiful, blond, blue-eyed Student Council President.It felt like the world turned in slow motion. Yuu was suddenly unaware that he was holding his breath, that his heart had stopped in his chest, that he was standing there, mouth hanging open stupidly as he stared at the guy who was standing in his home.It had to be a mistake. There was no way Guren would purposefully forget to mention something like this. It was a joke, a hilarious prank- it  had  to be! This guy might be living next door, but not here, not  with  them-“I’m home.”The words were spoken from his mouth, so simply and calmly and yet the word sent a thousand alarms off, screeching loudly in Yuu’s muddled head. The door clicked shut behind him, and he stood there nonchalantly, looking at Yuu without an inkling of surprise in those unfairly captivating eyes.Then, everything about the moment finally caught up with Yuu. “Hah!!?”  Yuu yelled and staggered away from the President, slamming his back into the counter just behind him. “Ow- shit-” He leaned down for a second as pain sparked from the impact, hissing from ache that followed, but in mere seconds he whirled around and pointed an accusing finger at the blond. “W-W-Why on earth are  you  here!?”The President stared at him levelly, his eyebrows tensed in slight irritation before he faced Guren, expression hardly changing. “It’s nice to meet you,” he said politely while entirely ignoring Yuu’s question. Yuu sucked in a tense breath, about to continue yelling, if only to keep his attention. Before he got his chance, the President continued to speak. “I’m Shinya Hyakuya’s son, Mikaela Hyakuya.” Then, he proceeded to make a tiny bow as Yuu made a tiny, strangled gasping sound. “I’ll be in your care starting today, Guren-san.”“No, no, no, no, no, he’s just  Guren!  He’s my dad, my family, and-” Yuu waved his hands frantically, but he was interrupted by Guren’s advance. Yuu’s words were cut off as he watched Guren come nearer, a genuine smile on his face. It was such a rare expression that Yuu faltered, watching as he extended a polite hand to Mikaela.“No need to be so formal,” Guren said lightly, then grabbed Mikaela’s hand and gave it a single, firm shake. “We’re family now, after all.”Yuu gasped in betrayal. Guren sent a firm glare in his direction. “You be nice to him too, Yuu. You’re sharing a room after all, and I don’t want your obnoxious antics to give Mikaela here a bad message.”They… were sharing a room!?
 “What!?” 
 *** “So, Mikaela… have you been doing council work this whole time?”“It’s always been like this, yes,” came Mikaela’s formal, straightforward response.“Wow, so noble,” Guren chuckled as he flipped the meat that was sizzling on the pan. “I bet you’re hungry, right? I decided to go all-out tonight, so enjoy it.”“I’m looking forward to it,” Mikaela said politely. Yuu continued to hover in the kitchen, not wanting to go sit down at the table beside him. Luckily for him, Guren hadn’t scolded him for it just yet, so he was going to keep stretching out his freedom as long as-“Yuu, go keep him company,” Guren hissed under his breath, nodding in the direction of the table. Yuu flinched, then sulked in defeat. It seemed that his freedom was taken from him at last. His heart clenched nervously, then he sighed and slowly dragged his feet to the dining room to go sit next to his new “family member.”He flopped down into his chair and stared at the table’s surface, his heart beating irregularly as he caught a whiff of apple-scented shampoo. It brought back memories of that morning of Mikaela’s hands, snaking around his body, giving his ass a gentle squeeze as he apparently reached for his phone. Yuu tensed, feeling a blush trailing across his face from recalling the moment. Even thinking about it made his skin tingle where he had been touch. Yuu coughed softly and awkwardly shifted in his seat to try and shake the embarrassing thought from his head.“Aren’t you happy to have such a cute younger brother, Mikaela?” Guren snickered from the kitchen, causing Yuu’s eyes to widen and his blush to return, bleeding red across his face from ear to ear.“We’re not  brothers!”  Yuu retorted, bumping into the table in the process and shaking all the glasses. He fumbled for a moment and let out a surprised yelp, managing to steady his glass of water before it spilled.He heard a soft sound to his right, and with a start, he looked up in shock. Mikaela was  laughing  at him! He gaped at the sight, his blush only deepening as his embarrassment ran deeper and deeper. Feeling defensive, Yuu stammered for a second before narrowing his eyes challengingly.“Oi, what’s so funny-” Yuu began, clearly trying to pick a fight, but Guren interrupted him before he could say anything else.“Alright, settle down, dinner is served!” *** Eating together made Yuu feel like he was being third-wheeled on a date. Guren and Mikaela talked away as if he wasn’t even there, with Guren asking Mikaela all kinds of questions and ignoring Yuu very pointedly. Yuu was frowning, leaning his face against one hand as he slowly chewed on his food, glaring at the opposite wall from the table.Maybe if he ate faster, Yuu could go sulk in his room. He began stuffing his mouth faster at this thought, but the sudden clanging of his silverware and rapid chewing caught Guren’s attention. He paused in his conversation and sternly looked at Yuu.“Slow down, brat,” Guren scolded.  “I’m growing!” Yuu defended himself between chewing, his eyes glimmering with a stubborn shine. Rather than trying to fight him any longer, Guren merely rolled his eyes and focused back on Mikaela, to Yuu’s utter disdain.“Mikaela, you’ve been living with your grandfather until now, right?” Guren asked, then leaned back and took a sip of water. Yuu found himself glancing briefly at Mikaela as well, unintentionally wondering about Mikaela’s life now that Guren had brought it up. He didn’t look for too long, for he continued to keep rapidly chewing his food.“No, I lived in my father’s house,” Mikaela answered simply.“Oh… but Shinya’s always traveling, isn’t he?” Guren asked nonchalantly, but silence followed his question. Yuu stopped wolfing down his food and peered at the two of them, blinking curiously at Mikaela’s profile. His blue eyes trailed off to gaze out the window, and Yuu noticed his eyebrows tensing slightly with thought.“I haven’t seen Shinya in nearly five years.”Yuu lowered his fork, a small frown on his face at the realization that Mikaela had been living by himself the whole time. With a tiny pang of empathy in his chest, Yuu wondered how lonely he had to have been.Guren blinked in surprise, similar to Yuu’s. “Ah… it must have been hard living on your own.”“My grandfather took care of my finances,” Mikaela responded, eyes still fixated off to the side, looking out the window. Then, he turned his attention back to Guren, expression just as collected as before.“Makes sense… he’s the chairman of the school, after all,” Guren murmured around a mouthful of food. Then, he perked up after swallowing as if he remembered something. “Oh, doesn’t he have a mansion?”“Yes, but I haven’t visited my grandfather’s home very often,” Mikaela admitted. “My grandfather is usually at the Hyakuya home near the Academy.” A mansion…  Yuu thought to himself, practically twitching in his seat with curiosity. He would love to go explore such a large, rich home! Maybe one day he could go visit- after all, they were  technically  family. Yuu would use any excuse he could to get into such a cool place. Yuu continued to wonder as they ate and talked, barely participating in the conversation.Dinner ended anticlimactically, and Yuu dismissed himself to take a bath. *** Entering his own room felt… wrong, somehow. Yuu had only just moved in, so it wasn’t like he had been here all his life and was well-adjusted to his own space, but he had unpacked all his things already and envisioned what to do with the rest of his empty room. It was so large, and he felt so spoiled. Yet now… it made sense why he had so much room when he wouldn’t need to use all of it. It was meant for two, after all- and now it looked much more complete with the addition of more shelves. Except the new shelves were filled with boring, stuffy-looking books, and a simple desk sat beside it all.Yuu scrunched his nose. Of  course  books were the only things Mikaela would bring. He was so  boring,  with no interesting personality traits whatsoever.Yuu immediately cringed at his own thoughts. He was being so quick to judge, yet he didn’t know the complexities of Mikaela’s life.As he learned at dinner, Mikaela lived alone for so long and his whole life revolved around school. No wonder he only owned stacks of books. Yuu sighed and reminded himself to have more understanding in the future, even with weird, quiet people like Mikaela.Yuu rubbed at his wet hair with a towel and glanced over to Mikaela, who was crouched by one of his bags, pulling out even more books and flipping through them. Yuu’s eyes lingered on the back of his head for a moment, and then he spoke. “Bath’s open.”Mikaela didn’t even bother to turn around or acknowledge that he said a word. Yuu grimaced, closing the door behind him and taking a deep breath.  Don’t judge, don’t judge…  Yuu peered at what Mikaela was unpacking and his eye caught sight of a stuffed bear keychain on the zipper of his bag. He smiled, feeling warmth bloom in his chest- he also had a soft spot for teddy bears. … Not that he’d ever admit that out loud.“That’s an interesting keychain you have-” Yuu started to say, his voice playful and teasing, but as he approached, Mikaela quickly hid it out of sight. Yuu paused, frowning for a moment, then decided to hover over Mikaela’s other shoulder to get a better look at it. “So, you’re into that kinda cute stuff?”Mikaela simply closed up the bag and glared at Yuu.Sighing deeply, Yuu stood up straight and stood in front of Mikaela, hands on his hips as he gazed down at the blond with a frown.“Uh, I get that a bunch of stuff happened and now it’s hard to talk to each other…” Yuu murmured, then gradually extended a hand down to Mikaela. “But we’re family now. It doesn’t matter if it’s just for show at first, but let’s try to get along. That way, stupid Guren- w-woah!”Yuu stumbled to the side as Mikaela suddenly stood up and walked past him. Their shoulders brushed and Yuu nearly lost his balance, but he managed to keep himself standing despite the quick, unannounced movement. Yuu watched in shock as Mikaela approached a different bag and opened it, likely getting his pajamas to bring with him to the bathroom. Yuu blinked in disbelief, then ground his teeth together in irritation. Ignoring me!?  Yuu scowled silently, his hands balled into fists as he glared at Mikaela’s back.  Well, if that’s your plan, then I’ll  make  you talk to me! “So…” Yuu said, then sat down on the bed and leaned back, eyes trained on Mikaela. Maybe if he brought up something to talk about, Mikaela would reply. Yuu sucked in a tense breath and said, “I saw Mr. Bathory grope you earlier.”Mikaela froze, the shuffling in his bag paused to listen. Yuu’s heart beat awkwardly fast, but feeling slightly successful that he managed to grab Mikaela’s attention, he continued on. “I mean, isn’t that sort of thing really messed up? Shouldn’t you report it to someone, like your grandfather? You can get that teacher fired immediately with your kind of power. Why are you staying silent about it?”Mikaela turned around, looking at Yuu with a troubled expression. Yuu looked up to him for a moment, then looked away, swaying his feet and continuing on. “I mean,  I  can always report it if you’re too afraid. That kinda stuff is so wrong on so many levels. I’m surprised you didn’t tell him off when he touched you like that-”Yuu’s eyes widened as a shadow stretched over him. He brought his focus back up, blinking at Mikaela in confusion.Before he knew it, he was being pushed down onto the bed and Mikaela was hovering over him, eyes narrowed and expression tense.“W-Wh-” Yuu choked out, his heart pounding with the surprise of such an action. His back hit the bed and in seconds, Mikaela had him pinned down, his hands wrapped around Yuu’s wrists as they pushed them into the mattress. Yuu stared up at him, lips parted and eyes shimmering with confusion.Mikaela was so beautiful, even from this angle- his blond curls tickled his cheeks and neck so elegantly that Yuu wondered how Mikaela was even real. His eyelashes were even curly and long- he could be mistaken for a girl if he dressed up like one, Yuu thought, if it weren’t for his rather broad, masculine stature.Yuu gulped nervously, feeling embarrassed at his own thoughts. A flush burned his cheeks as he stammered, “U-Uhm…”Mikaela leaned down, bringing their noses so close together that if Yuu shifted the right way, their lips might accidentally meet. The lack of space between them had Yuu’s face flushing hotter, and he immediately squirmed, attempting to get away. His eyes flitted around nervously, but Mikaela was on top of him like a predator holding down its prey, his eyes now dangerously fixed on Yuu’s.“Don’t tell  anyone  about that,” Mikaela warned. “He is our teacher. We must respect him. It’s the school rules, and I don’t want to cause a scene. I have a reputation to uphold.”Yuu tensed up, immediately becoming enraged at Mikaela’s mindset. There was no way Yuu could be silent while his family member, even if only in name, was being sexually harassed like that! No matter if he was the President or not, it was just wrong that he was being treated this way and being expected to quietly deal with it.  “Like hell!” Yuu retorted, narrowing his fiery eyes in challenge. “I’m gonna get that guy fired! Just you wa-!!”Yuu whimpered as a hand slid down his arm, tickling the skin teasingly. The hand brushed up his neck and then, Mikaela was gently grasping his jaw. Mikaela tilted his head to the side, eyes flicking down to Yuu’s lips as he aligned their faces. Yuu’s body seized up in a panic and he laid there, heart pounding and eyes widening at the suggestive position they were suddenly in.“I can shut you up like  this,  if you prefer,” Mikaela said, his voice low and all too alluring, yet Yuu shivered from the cold edge in his tone. He shook his head quickly if only to make Mikaela back up and give him some space.“N-No, no, no, I’ll keep quiet, I promise,” Yuu whispered, his heart fluttering faster and faster. A moment of silence stretched between them, and Mikaela backed away gradually until he slid off the bed. Yuu exhaled heavily, eyes following Mikaela as he stood up straight and peered down at Yuu, appearing unimpressed.“I’m taking a bath,” Mikaela announced, then grabbed his clothes and left the room.Yuu laid there on the bed, suddenly taking in the first deep breath he had since he entered the room. It felt suffocating when Mikaela was there with him. He slumped down, the blood finally rushing up to his face and making his skin burn much hotter than before, all due to how flustered he felt. He reached up, covering his cheeks with his palms and groaning through his fingers.
 What was with that guy…!? 
He dragged his hands down his cheeks and sighed again, his eyes blearily peeking up at the ceiling. It was like Mikaela was still there, holding him against the bed, so close that he could almost taste Mikaela’s breath.Sure, that was strange, but…… why was Yuu so worked up at the thought of being so close to Mikaela?Even stranger- why wasn’t he disgusted?



Chapter 2
Chapter Summary
As Yuu remains bewildered by Mika’s actions towards him, he gets on bad terms with the school's chairman, Mika’s grandfather, Urd- to say the very least.
Chapter Notes
Thank you for all the positive reception to this story already, I really appreciate it! I hope you like part 2!Again, this fic is probably only going to have around 5 parts to it, maybe a little more. We will see. So far, it's a lot of fun to write.Thank you for the comments and kudos already! Here's chapter 2.



A deep sigh passed by Yuu’s lips as he dragged his feet down the road. The morning sun stung his eyes, making him want to turn around and go home so he could get back to sleep. Other students swarmed around him, talking modestly amongst themselves, all dressed in their proper uniforms.Today, Yuu didn’t bother to do up his hair or try and look cool. He still rebelled a little bit by wearing his favorite jeans and leaving his shirt loose, but gone were his accessories and attempts  really  to stand out.He was too tired to bother with anything this morning. Yuu hadn’t realized until late in the evening that he and Mikaela would be sleeping in the same bed- and for whatever reason, that fact had Yuu’s heart pounding relentlessly. Its constant, heavy beat had kept him up, tossing and turning all night. He drifted in and out of sleep occasionally, but as soon as his foot or hand brushed against Mikaela’s skin, he flinched and was wide awake once more, haunted by his heart-rate going faster and faster.And every time he woke up, he was brought back to the previous day- Mikaela touching him to grab his phone, his hands skirting along his skin and squeezing at his body. Mikaela pushing him down, tilting his head an an all-too-seductive fashion and hinting that he would kiss Yuu to keep him quiet about Mr. Bathory. What’s his problem…?  Yuu thought to himself while reaching up and rubbing at his stinging eyes. He scrunched his nose and realized he was thinking about this all the wrong way. Yuu should be wondering what  his  problem was, not Mikaela’s. He was the one who couldn’t stop thinking about Mikaela, after all.Who could blame him? Their first meeting was very strange, and the shock of realizing he would be living with Yuu in  incredibly  close quarters inevitably on the very same day, mere hours later was mind-boggling. Of course Yuu couldn’t get enough sleep last night. He really should have skipped school, but he didn’t want to make his first impression at the school worse than it already was.Yuu was suddenly and shockingly yanked out of his thoughts by a small, yet heavy body hurdling into his side. Following the impact that had Yuu nearly falling over was a cheerful, “Morning!”When he was finally able to process just who had practically drove over him, he turned and noticed Shinoa, who folded her arms around Yuu’s elbow and smiled nicely up at him. “You look sleepy, Yuu-san.”“Yeah… I am.” Yuu frowned and looked at the other students absentmindedly. They started to walk together and Yuu continued to lazily watch them, searching amongst faces and trying to find any behavioral similarities between them. It was entirely possible that Mikaela’s intimate actions were considered normal here. Maybe everyone here acted flirtatiously here and Yuu just wasn’t informed about it before. Student culture and their habits could change dramatically from school to school. There was one way to easily find out about it all, Yuu realized as he glanced to Shinoa.“Hey…” Yuu murmured, leaning down so Shinoa could hear him better. She perked up, and leaned in to hear whatever secret Yuu was going to tell her. Instead, he asked, “Is it normal for students to flirt with each other, even if they’re… the same sex?”Shinoa peered at him with raised eyebrows, but surprise was not on her features whatsoever. “Isn’t that normal?”“It is?” Yuu asked with confusion. He furrowed his eyebrows as he tried to think back to the habits the students had at his old school. People were rather flighty there when it came to romantic relationships, but they at least mostly focused on those of the opposite sex.No one was like Mikaela at his old school.Yuu’s cheeks had begun to heat up at thoughts of the blond, and for some odd reason, he was perturbed at the thought of Mikaela acting that way with others.“Well, sometimes it’s less about romance and more about sating their fleeting lusts,” Shinoa went on with a small shrug. “Most of the people here have been raised in tight, conservative homes. A lot of them wanna fool around before their parents eventually make them tie the knot. It’s like they’re all in heat or something.”“I see…” Yuu murmured, his eyebrows tensing in thought. Perhaps that’s all it was- Mikaela might just be messing with him because he wanted a quickie. Yuu frowned deeply at the thought. He didn’t like the sound of anything so… emotionless and temporary. If he was going to be taken advantage of, he’d at least like it to be by someone who he loved deeply. He only just met Mikaela yesterday- something like a purely sexual relationship was out of the question for Yuu.“Why do you ask, Yuu-san?” Shinoa’s voice became playful, causing Yuu to tense as her hand slid around his waist, then began to lower down to his ass in a shocking reenactment of what happened to him yesterday. “Are  you  going into heat, too?”“N-No way, cut it out!” Yuu squirmed away from her, his cheeks burning hot with embarrassment as he swatted at her hand. She laughed in amusement at his flustered response, causing him to groan and abruptly turn away.Could she have been one of the people who saw Mikaela touch him yesterday morning? It would explain why her touch mimicked Mikaela’s so accurately. His heart raced at the memory and his stomach tightened as he remembered it.Yuu opened his mouth, about to reprimand her, but he noticed that Shinoa had stopped in her tracks. Yuu paused as well, peering over his shoulder, wondering what caused her to freeze up so spontaneously. She was standing still, brown eyes stretched wide and trained on the front gates. Yuu followed her gaze and saw a few adults standing there.“What?” Yuu asked, not understanding what the big deal was about those people. He briefly wondered if they were important.“The chairman is here!” Shinoa hissed incredulously, as if she couldn’t believe that Yuu couldn’t tell who they were upon sight. She reached out and grabbed his arm again, alarm clear in her eyes. “Yuu-san, this is bad. Your outfit…”Yuu’s eyes brightened as the situation caught up with him. Feeling excited, Yuu glanced back at the chairman with a grin. He was a tall, stern-looking man with platinum-blond hair, smooth and shiny and parted to the side. His eyes were pale blue and not as stunning as Mikaela’s, but considering his serious, stoic expression, Yuu could see the resemblance immediately. He began to smile widely in anticipation, knowing this was his chance to impress the chairman and introduce himself as his new family member.He shook Shinoa off of his arm and raised a fist to his chest, a smug expression on his features as he looked at his friend, eyes sparkling with self-confidence. “Well, sit back and watch, Shinoa! Behold, the power of the elite Yuuichirou Hyakuya!”After boldly stating his name and lavish title, Yuu turned on his heel and began marching over to the chairman.“What’s with the confidence?” Shinoa gawked, taking one step in his direction before pausing entirely, as if she was too stunned from what Yuu just said to move any further. Lost and worried, Shinoa doubtfully reached out to him. “Huh? Y-Yuu-san?”Ignoring her obvious concern, Yuu chuckled to himself and approached the chairman with a bright smile and sparking, naive eyes. Then, when he was slightly closer, he raised his hand and waved broadly as he yelled, “Good morning, grandpa!”Yuu noticed the other students freeze up in shock, all stopping to watch as Yuu walked through the crowd, who stepped aside to let him through. He felt like Moses parting the Red Sea; he was a powerful rich student strutting through a group of commoners. He was the chairman’s grandson now, after all- it made sense that they would make way for someone so impressive and so special!The chairman turned his pale eyes to Yuu, first out of surprise and then out of… was that… disdain?“Who are you?” The chairman asked firmly, though it didn’t feel like a question. It was more of a command than anything.Yuu’s blood ran cold with dread. He froze in place, halting in his steps immediately. His hand was still raised in a friendly greeting, and he felt unable to move as the chairman faced him and began taking heavy steps towards him.“What are you doing with that uniform? You’re not one of our students, are you?” Every question felt like stabs to the gut, jabbing him over and over, his overwhelming pressure pushing Yuu farther and farther into a corner of realization.A realization that the chairman hadn’t heard about the remarriage at all.Yuu lowered his hand, his throat now suddenly feeling tight. It was one thing to mess up in front of the Student Council President, but that couldn’t compare to messing up in front of the Academy’s head chairman. He wanted to shrink back and apologize. His lips parted nervously, but before he could squeak a word out, the chairman turned around swiftly to face someone who was standing beside him.“Mikaela!”The chairman’s attention was now focused on that person, shooting a stern glare down to none other than Yuu’s new family member. Mikaela was right there beside him and Yuu hadn’t even noticed! Yuu looked to Mikaela, intense regret clouding his green eyes, but Mikaela wasn’t looking at him at all. Mikaela looked as stoic as always, attentive and listening as soon as the chairman barked out his name.“Yes,” Mikaela said, raising his chin to meet his eyes directly with the chairman. Yuu felt his heart sink. Wasn’t that Mikaela’s grandfather? Why was he turning to Mikaela with such anger…? Yuu frowned, wondering what sort of relationship they had if his grandfather had to be that stern with his own family. Sure, Guren was harsh sometimes, but he always ruffled Yuu’s hair or teased him to make it clear he wasn’t actually upset, just worried or whatever else he may feel. But this was different, Yuu realized- there was no warmth in this man’s eyes as he glared at Mikaela.“What is going on here?” He demanded to know, finger pointed directly at Yuu. Being pointed at had Yuu flinching in his shoes. The chairman’s voice became more infuriated as he went on, “Why are you allowing such a  fool  to run loose?”Yuu sucked in a tense, shocked breath at his accusation. Hold on a minute- this isn’t Mikaela’s fault at all!  Yuu grit his teeth in anger at the scene before him, and he was even more amazed at the sight of Mikaela obediently bowing his head down, slowly and deeply to convey his remorse over something he shouldn’t even be blamed for.“My apologies,” Mikaela murmured, his voice low. Yuu couldn’t see his expression- he was sure it was as statuesque as ever- but he thought he heard a faint tremble from Mikaela’s voice. Yuu’s eyes widened further and his heart twisted painfully at the feeble sound.Mikaela was being scolded by his own family… because of  him. “Are you really directing these students regularly!?” The chairman’s voice verged on a yell, and Yuu’s blood began to race through his veins with an urge to defend Mikaela. Then, his feet moved on their own. He couldn’t just stand there and watch as Mikaela was punished for his own actions!“Hey, Grandpa!” Yuu hollered, storming over and forcing himself between them. He extended his arm to shield Mikaela, angrily and defiantly glaring up into the chairman’s cold, heartless eyes. “He’s not to blame here! If you’re going to be mad, be mad at me!”“Why do you think you can call me such a thing?” The chairman asked sharply, eyes narrowed and unmoving as he stared down at Yuu. His face crinkled in disgust as he spat out, “An indecent boy like you has no place in this academy.” He paused for a moment, narrowing his eyes further as he then commanded,  “Leave!” Yuu winced as the word stabbed through his chest painfully. Yuu choked out, “What…?”The chairman stared down at him, his eyes devoid of empathy and emotion. He looked like a cruel, ruthless leader, with no mercy to be found in his heart. Yuu trembled for a moment, eyes beginning to water as he realized what sort of enemy he was facing. Was there really nothing he could do to fix the situation?Silence stretched between them for a painful second, but during that silence, Yuu’s hurt quickly boiled into anger. Yuu couldn’t believe how irrational this man was being. He wasn’t even giving Yuu a chance to explain or apologize, and on top of that, he had scolded and yelled at Mikaela, his dutiful grandson, for no good reason and for no fault of his own.Yuu scowled at him, then clenched his teeth together, his eyebrows twitching with anger. “You idiot...” After hissing out his insult, Yuu felt his rage bubble up inside of him.Finally, it exploded. “You’re  the bigger fool here, refusing to listen to other people!!  Idiot!!” After yelling his words for everyone to hear, Yuu took off in a run, charging away before anyone could see his angry tears spill down his cheeks. Another pair of footsteps followed him, but he didn’t bother to slow down or see who it was until he was far enough away. He ran and ran, making sure to keep an eye on the wall that surrounded the school so he could get in some other way.His legs began to ache and he was feeling lightheaded, so he slowed down and took in a few deep, long breaths. Then, he came to a stop, leaning over with his hands on his knees as he panted. Not far behind him, Yuu heard a delighted laugh and knew precisely who had tailed him the entire time.“Calling the chairman ‘grandpa’ might be the funniest thing all year!” Shinoa wiped a tear from her eye as she caught up with him, laughter still bubbling out of her between heavy breaths. Yuu stood up straight and took in a final deep breath, blinking a couple times to ensure all possibilities of crying were gone. Now that he had his breathing back to normal, Yuu huffed and pouted slightly as he looked at the ground.“My plan failed, that’s all,” Yuu grumbled. Then, he looked up and glared at the school’s obnoxiously tall wall. “Anyways, we need to find a way to climb over this.”“I know a spot,” Shinoa waved her hand, now walking past Yuu to lead the way instead. She flashed a smile at him over her shoulder, gesturing with her hand as she called back to him, “Follow me!”Shinoa guided Yuu to a secret place where kids like them got inside the school in case they were late and the gates were locked. It wasn’t too hard to scale, even for a short girl like Shinoa, thanks to the presence of a dumpster and right beside it, a few newspaper boxes that were easy to jump onto.Once they landed on the other side and were on school grounds, Shinoa turned to him with sparkling eyes and said, “I’m glad you’re not leaving, either. It’s already been so much fun with you, and it’s only been two days!”“Of course I’m not leaving!” Yuu said, bewildered at such a possibility. “I refuse to give in to that guy’s demands! Even if I sometimes sleep through class, I don’t skip school…”They successfully snuck in through the back unnoticed, and from there, Yuu and Shinoa got to their class, only a few minutes late. *** Yuu couldn’t rest at home until he talked to Mikaela. He spent much of his time pacing in their room, waiting for Mikaela to arrive. He stared at the door, then stared at his phone. He even played a few games to try and pass the time, but he couldn’t even enjoy them without getting anxious. He tried to listen to music but he kept on thinking, and he wasn’t feeling any better just laying around. He was physically restless more than anything.Yuu migrated into the living room next, seated on the couch and staring at the door while bouncing his leg up and down to exert some of his nervous energy. Finally, when the time Mikaela should get home was nearing, Yuu ended up standing right by the front door.Mikaela finally got home what felt like hours later. Yuu was leaning up against the wall, cross-armed, fingers drumming his elbows with impatience. He looked away from Mikaela when the door opened and stared at the ground, feeling incredibly troubled about what he should say. He swayed his foot out and murmured, “Do you have a moment…?”Mikaela simply stared at him without giving any sort of verbal response. Yuu hesitated when there was only silence, but he finally willed himself to look up to Mikaela nervously. Blue eyes met green, and Mikaela nodded once and proceeded to remove his shoes.Yuu felt awkward as Mikaela followed him into their room; the silence was brutally uncomfortable. He knew Mikaela wouldn’t be the one to talk first, so he had to suck it up and start the conversation. This was proving to be so much harder than he thought.Mikaela began unpacking his bookbag, setting his notebooks and novels for their literature class on his desk. As Mikaela went about with his normal mundane tasks, Yuu pursed his lips, then sucked in a tense breath and decided to start. His eyes watered slightly as he started to speak, nervous and apprehensive about his own apology. “Sorry about this morning. It was my fault…”“If you’re going to apologize, why don’t you start wearing the proper school uniform?” Mikaela sighed dismissively as he shrugged his blazer off his shoulders. Yuu was momentarily frozen in place, stuck staring at the way Mikaela’s shoulders flexed under his shirt as he removed the layer of clothing. He gulped, far too distracted with the slope of his back and his temptingly narrow waist, but he did finally manage to snap himself out of it and respond.“This is…” Yuu started to say. He fell silent with his mouth hanging open, but no words came out. He realized he had no good defense for his appearance. There was no excusing how he continued to deliberately break the rules, even if he thought it was screwed up that there was such a strict dress code in the first place- not only at the school, but at other Japanese schools in general. He really hated having to conform to these ridiculous, nonsensical, stuffy traditional standards. Yuu sighed and rubbed his head in defeat. There wasn’t much else he could do about the past and what he had done already. They weren’t able to time-travel. “Whatever, I apologized.”Mikaela didn’t answer him. Yuu noticed how he was loosening his tie, and the action should have not been a big deal, and yet there he was, feeling his heart flutter at the simple, strong action. His throat suddenly felt tight as butterflies fluttered in his stomach. Yuu gripped his fingers, feeling agitated that he always got so goddamn  nervous  when talking to Mikaela.“Also…” Yuu paused, feeling a stab of doubt go through him. He began to doubt if bringing up family matters were even appropriate for him to talk about. Yet, he had started speaking and there was no going back. Yuu nibbled on his bottom lip as he debated on what to do, but he inevitably decided to go through with telling Mikaela what he wanted anyways.“I… saw how your grandpa talked to you. And I don’t think it’s right. He didn’t seem to think about your feelings at all… that’s not what family should be.”“I know,” Mikaela replied shortly, then pulled his tie free from his shirt collar in one smooth, graceful movement. He dropped the material to the floor. “What about it?”“What?” Yuu breathed, beginning to frown. Suddenly, he wasn’t totally sure why he was bringing this up to begin with. His heart began to patter as he tried to think up of a good excuse, or any sort of tangible reason for his concern. His face began to warm as he softly admitted, “I-I’m your family, so…”“A child who disobeys the rules shouldn’t act like he understands things like this,” Mikaela said coldly as he unbuttoned his shirt, one by one until he was shrugging it off.Yuu’s breath hitched at the sight of his bare skin, so smooth, yet clearly so muscular underneath. His skin looked soft to the touch, and Yuu’s fingers tingled with an urge to find out just how nice his skin felt under the palms of his hands. His face became even more inflamed with embarrassment, both at his own perverse urges and Mikaela’s scolding remark.“D-Don’t get all high and mighty with me, I’m not a child!” Yuu protested, his heart pounding hard against his chest as he raised his voice with his humiliation. “I’m just worried about… you…”His statement faltered as Mikaela turned around and stared at him, expression empty and cold. Yuu gulped, resisting the temptation to admire his bare chest, perfectly on display for him to gawk at. Instead, Yuu chose to look at the ground, feeling too ashamed to admire him in that moment. Yuu was silent as Mikaela put on a comfortable t-shirt, then left the room without another word.Yuu looked at his back as he left, a disappointed frown settling heavily on his lips. Mikaela had that look again- that look that was so empty and even... desolate. He grit his teeth and let out an aggravated groan. Why!?  Yuu clenched his fists as he fell back onto his bed, then angrily grabbed his hair and sighed with immense frustration.  Why do  I  have to keep going through these emotions!? He felt like a total idiot, being the only one worried about Mikaela. Yuu well aware that he was just an empathetic person by nature. He always felt the emotions of others deep in his core- if someone else was crying, he was bound to tear up with them. If anything, he got angry for the ones he loved, especially if they were hurting and doing nothing about it.It wasn’t like Yuu’s feelings for Mikaela ran that deep just yet, but he still pitied Mikaela for what he went through today, and probably what he always went through. Years of living alone must have really messed up his capacity for human emotion and empathy- especially if he grew up around someone as stone-cold as his grandfather. The memory of those stern, pale blue eyes had Yuu shivering in fear.It made sense why Mikaela was like this… but how could Yuu help him to open up his heart and change the way he behaved? Was it really Yuu’s job? Was Yuu overextending himself by caring this much about someone he only just met, even if they were technically family now?Everything was so damn confusing now and it had only been a few days.Yuu let out a long, deep sigh, then willed himself to sit up and find something to do to pass the time. ***Yuu prepared himself for another sleepless night when Mikaela entered the room that night and slid under the covers. He didn’t speak a word to Yuu or even say goodnight, which made Yuu groan in defeat before he just decided to turn over. Hopefully he could sleep better and not bother Mikaela any longer- last night, Mikaela was so still when he slept. He didn’t move an inch one time, and yet there was Yuu, who spent most nights fidgeting and squirming around.He worried he was bothering Mikaela, but so far, Mikaela hadn’t said anything about his wiggly nature. Yuu couldn’t help himself from shifting around so often- his mind was racing, his thoughts sometimes tumbling even faster through his mind than the pace set by his rapid heartbeat. He gripped the blankets tightly and, after a while, risked a quick look over to Mikaela.Mikaela looked at peace, laying on his back with his eyes closed and blankets pulled up to his nose. Yuu sat up slightly, intrigued at the sight and how… cute Mikaela looked when he was asleep. He scooted closer, peering at his long, curly eyelashes while licking his lips slightly. Yuu wasn’t sure how long he was staring at Mikaela as he slept, intrigued by his delicate features and the graceful contours of his face. He was actually getting sleepy, staring as long as he was at just one face. It was just one face, yet it was such a captivating, gorgeous one, one that had Yuu’s heart thumping over and over, lulling him into a content, light doze.His peaceful state was interrupted all of a sudden- Yuu nearly jumped out of his skin when Mikaela rolled over, now facing Yuu in his new position. For a moment, he feared Mikaela woke up, aware that Yuu had been staring at him for a while before that moment. Though after he observed Mikaela’s peaceful face at this new angle, he realized Mikaela was still indeed fast asleep. A relieved sigh escaped Yuu’s lips and he relaxed again.Yuu laid on his side and got comfortable. His new position had him facing Mikaela now with his head resting against the pillow. He blinked slowly, studying the curved shape of Mikaela’s face, how his hair rested against his jaw and forehead elegantly, like brush strokes brought to life. He was so beautiful- almost too beautiful to be real. Yuu exhaled a little shakily and scooted closer, yearning to observe Mikaela even more.He found himself staring directly at Mikaela’s slightly parted lips. They were the faintest shade of pink and not as plump as a girl’s, but still enticing enough to invoke... weird thoughts into Yuu’s imagination. His heart fluttered nervously. He wanted to touch those lips, to feel them somehow, but to ask such a thing when they were awake was out of the question and… just strange. It was strange even if they were close friends, but it was even weirder when they didn’t know each other well at all.It would be simplest to experiment with these feelings while Mikaela was asleep. Yuu got closer and closer until he was face-to-face with Mikaela, watching his eyes to make sure he didn’t wake up. When Yuu felt the coast was clear, he gradually lifted his hand, fingers extended to touch those lips gently and carefully. His heart raced with anticipation as they inched closer, and closer, and... “...leave…”“S-Sorry!!” Yuu flinched at the sound of Mikaela speaking, immediately putting distance between them and retracting his hand quicker than he thought possible. He squeezed his eyes shut and curled in on himself, his cheeks flushing with shame at the realization that he had been caught doing something really,  really  weird. Mikaela had woken up and felt him coming nearer, surely…! It was the most embarrassing thing that Yuu had ever been caught doing, that was certain.… but when silence followed his outburst, Yuu blinked his eyes open and looked at Mikaela again in surprise.He looked exactly the same as before, except now, his eyebrows were tensed as if he was thinking about something deeply. Yuu held his breath for a few heartbeats, then realized that MIkaela was still in a deep sleep. He’s sleep talking…  Yuu blinked down at Mikaela once he sat back up, undoubtedly intrigued at the… rather adorable sight before him. Yuu tilted his head to better listen for what Mikaela might be saying.When he did this, Yuu saw something he wasn’t expecting.Tears dotted Mikaela’s beautiful eyelashes, glistening like tiny diamonds in the pale moonlight filtering through the window. Yuu froze, eyes round with shock as they followed the beading tears on their journey, slipping down his curled eyelashes and rolling along his face. They slipped all the way over the bridge of Mikaela’s nose before dripping onto the pillow below.Weakly, Mikaela murmured, “Shinya…”Yuu swore he could the hear the sound of his own heart breaking.For a few moments, Yuu couldn’t move. Pain shot through his heart, powerful and suffocating as he witnessed the guy in front of him, looking so frail and desperate and… vulnerable. His throat was tight with empathy, his own eyes tearing up from the emotions he felt. Yuu’s slow exhale was shaky. He reached up, clutching at his own heart meekly, then lowered his head and clenched his jaw tight together, even as Mikaela’s tears dried. He wanted to comfort Mikaela, but he had no idea how. Especially not when he was asleep like this.One thing was certain: Yuu was beginning to understand Mikaela better. That stoic, empty expression was not as hollow as Yuu thought.It was a guarded expression. Mikaela simply had a wall up around his heart.Yuu flopped onto his back and stared at the ceiling through bleary eyes. He sniffled and raised his hand to wipe at the tears rapidly building in his eyes. He had no idea how to make everything better for Mikaela. He came up with little to nothing, but he supposed he could do his best to be a welcoming family member.Yet there was one problem, something that Yuu  could  solve if he put his mind to it. It was an issue that Yuu didn’t want to be left behind and forgotten: Mr. Bathory and his horrible treatment of Mikaela.The first thing Yuu would do would be to get rid of that teacher. It was the least he could to do lessen the burden on Mikaela’s shoulders. *** The Morning School Assembly was something that was perfect for what Yuu needed to do, and on top of that, it was easy to take advantage of. If Yuu needed to get important news out quickly, there was no better place than on a stage, with a microphone in front of the entire student body and all of the faculty, all attentively listening.Yuu had spent the rest of his restless night scheming on how to expose Mr. Bathory’s disgusting behavior, and lucky for him, he had thought of the perfect way to do it the very next day.Rene was on the stage now, announcing that Mikaela was going to address the class. Before Mikaela had an opportunity to approach the stage for his speech, Yuu took his chance to make his announcement. He shoved past everyone and stormed on up to the microphone, despite the many voices telling him to sit down and asking what he was doing.“Oi, what are you-” Rene stammered into the microphone, but Yuu slung an arm around him as if he was his buddy and held him in place. Yuu then lifted his hand to silence the shocked gasps of the crowd.“Yeah, yeah, pardon me for a moment,” Yuu said into the microphone, eyes set on the crowd calmly as his voice echoed out over them. Rene tried to shove his way out of his grasp, but Yuu tightened his hold and waved at the students with determination. “I’m a second-year, Yuuichirou Hyakuya! Today I have a few things to say on behalf of the students! Long speeches at morning assemblies are a drag, so I’ll finish quick, thanks! So…”Yuu’s eyes scanned the people, wondering how he should go about this without putting the attention on Mikaela, or getting him involved in any way. Although he had spent his night thinking about it, he was forgetting everything rather quickly in the face of the entire student body. One thing was certain, however: to avoid getting Mikaela involved, he just couldn’t say Mikaela’s name. He had to be vague, but to the point. Yuu cleared his throat as he decided on what to say.Naturally, Yuu said the first, most blunt thing that came to mind.“Our teacher, Mr. Bathory, is groping a student here at school!” Yuu yelled, watching the widening eye and jaws dropping of the many people in the crowd. It was like a domino-effect of reactions, rippling out across the rows and rows of heads. Pleased with his accomplishment, Yuu went on with a scowl, “From what I could see, he was forcing himself on one particular student, but there could be more that he’s harassing!”Somewhere off to the side of the stage, Mr. Bathory was protesting and yelling in Yuu’s direction and attempting to interrupt him. “Hey, somebody stop him!” His feeble protests were not going to stop Yuu, however. He grinned and finished up his little speech while he was at it.“Oh, by the way, as Yuuichirou Hyakuya, I’m the chairman’s grandson, so thanks again!” He grinned widely and held up a ‘v’ sign to the crowd as they began to talk amongst themselves about the scandalous news they just heard.Yuu caught sight of Mr. Bathory’s petrified expression, his features twitching with rage and hands shaking as they clenched into fists. Yuu snickered, then stood on the edge of the stage and pulled down his lower eyelid while sticking out his tongue to mock the soon-to-be-fired teacher.“Burn in hell, child molestor!” Yuu yelled at him cockily.Mr. Bathory’s expression was one of pure fury. Yuu felt victorious, indeed. *** After school, Yuu and Shinoa went to the nearby park and passed the time sitting on the swings, chatting about whatever came to mind and about the day at school. When the sun began to set, they grabbed dinner together, then went their separate ways for the night.Yuu was surprised that the day went along rather normally after the assembly- he was expecting a suspension, but nothing had happened. Yuu was amused at the fact that the school had to call in a substitute for Mr. Bathory while they dealt with him. He was incredibly happy with his decision, and hopefully, they wouldn’t be seeing Mr. Bathory ever again.Shinoa mused that after Yuu announced his relation to the chairman, it stopped any of the other staff members from trying to punish him for interrupting the assembly. He guessed that was how the system of social hierarchy worked, but it was weird to be on the upper half of it. Yuu had gotten lucky for once.“I’m home…” Yuu called out, exhausted as he entered his house and removed his shoes at the doorway. He stepped inside and saw Guren, though he wasn’t watching TV, cooking a meal, cleaning the house or reading a magazine. In fact, he was doing… nothing. Yuu felt a pang of concern as he came closer.Guren was seated at the dining room table, his hands in his hair, hunched over as if he was very agitated about something. Yuu paused and stared at him, completely lost as to why he would look so… distressed. “Guren? What’s wrong?”Guren’s voice was thin and edged with rage as he answered. “They took Mikaela away.”Of all things, Yuu wasn’t expecting that sort of straightforward and painfully…  alarming  response. Yuu’s jaw dropped open in confusion.“What? Who?”“Urd. Mikaela’s grandfather. He came with his men and said they were taking Mikaela back to his home,” Guren explained, showing his tense and stressed expression to Yuu. He frowned deeply, creasing the lines between his brows even more. “They wouldn’t explain why. Mikaela seemed to accept it, too. I couldn’t do a damn thing.”Yuu tensed and stared at his feet in shame. It made sense why they would come take Mikaela away after the stunt Yuu pulled that morning. Maybe that’s why they hadn’t punished him yet.All of this was his fault. Because of what I did at the assembly today, Mikaela was taken away…  Yuu peered up at Guren guiltily. Guren probably was blaming himself somehow, not knowing of the incidents at school. Yuu could tell that Guren was beating himself up over this, likely because he had wanted to make a good impression on his new husband’s kid. Having Mikaela leave after just a couple days was only a bad sign to him. What would he say to Shinya next time he called?Yuu gathered his feelings and stood up straight. This was his fault, but because of that, he had to be the one to fix things. No one else could do it for him. Yuu nodded with his resolve and said, “All right. I’ll go ask how he really feels.”Guren fixed him with a hesitant, questioning look, violet eyes clouded with doubt.“But if he still says he prefers his grandfather’s, then let’s give up, okay?” Yuu said, nodding in determination in Guren’s direction. Guren stared at him with a mixture of surprise and hope, and so Yuu gave him a reassuring smile. “I’ll talk to him, tomorrow at school. First thing in the morning. I promise.” *** Sure, he was doing this for Guren, but Yuu also genuinely wanted to know how Mikaela felt. His own determination and motivation was what had Yuu leaning against the lockers that morning, right next to where Mikaela’s locker was. He peered up as Mikaela approached, but as soon as he noticed Yuu was there, he continued to walk on by, as if he didn’t need to stop at his locker in the end.Yuu’s eyes followed him the whole time as he walked past Yuu, and when Mikaela likely thought he had gotten far enough away to avoid confrontation, Yuu stood up straight, placed his hands on his hips and faced Mikaela’s retreating back. Loudly, he said, “Hey, you. Got something to say to me?”Mikaela paused and peered over his shoulder, eyes glassy and gorgeous as ever. He tilted his head innocently, arched his eyebrows slightly and said, “Such as?”Yuu’s mind went blank at the way Mikaela casually and elegantly brushed him off. All that came out of Yuu’s mouth was, “Huh?”Before he could recover from the shock of Mikaela’s response, a swarm of students surrounded him and began asking what his plans were for lunch. Mikaela gave them his attention, turning away from Yuu to discuss with them instead. Yuu’s hands slipped from his hips and he stood there, dumbfounded as Mikaela walked away with his group.
 What’s with that reaction…? 
 *** Still perplexed, Yuu sat restlessly throughout his classes. Their new teacher, Mr. Eusford, introduced himself and explained that Mr. Bathory left the Academy “for personal reasons.” Yuu smirked in satisfaction at the news, but after the exciting feeling of triumph melted away, he totally tuned out of the lecture in favor of staring at other things in the room.He found himself gazing at Mikaela’s profile from his seat in the far corner of the room. Sure, Yuu was to blame for Mikaela’s decision to move out to his grandfather’s, but… Mikaela was acting like such a stranger. Acknowledgement would be nice, at least- especially when Guren was so worried about him. Mikaela didn’t have to act like he felt nothing about the situation at all. Yuu knew that couldn’t be true, not with the loaded looks he gave Yuu under a mask of vacancy.Yuu sighed, then turned to look out the window for the duration of the morning classes.By the time it was lunch, Yuu was still thinking deeply about Mikaela, so much that he had only managed to pull his bento out of his bag before he got distracted with his buzzing thoughts again. Shinoa turned around in her seat and tilted her head at him, for she likely noticed his silence and perturbed expression.“Hey, hey, you look like you’re in a bad mood today,” Shinoa observed, nudging Yuu’s bento with an extended finger. She gave a small shrug as she mused over what the cause could be. “Well, we have a test tomorrow, so I guess that’s expected.”Yuu sighed and placed his chin in his hand, then looked down at the lunch she was poking at. He wasn’t feeling very hungry. “Tests are just par for the course.”Shinoa hummed, then sat upright in her seat and smiled widely, like an idea just occurred to her. “Now, now, don’t be so down, Yuu-san! I brought something good for you!” She pulled out her phone from her blazer and faced the screen to Yuu. “Ta-da! Coupons for the ramen shop opening next week! We can go together!”Yuu tried to be excited, but thoughts about Mikaela still made his heart feel heavy. He couldn’t fake a reaction, so he only sighed and murmured, “Huh… that’s cool.”“Hey now, you’re not into it?” Shinoa asked cautiously, leaning closer to him with a concerned frown on her lips. “This isn’t like you. You told me you were so excited for this.”“Well, I am excited, but…” Yuu leaned down, placing his forehead on his desk with defeat. Shinoa sat back slowly. Yuu muttered, “We can go, I guess.”Shinoa was silent for a moment before she sighed deeply. “Yuu-san, you’re being no fun.”She wasn’t wrong about that. Yuu peeked his eyes open to look at his shoes, knowing that a little while ago, he would have been gung-ho about going to the ramen shop. Maybe he was already starting to get pessimistic like the rest of the students in the Academy. He eventually sat himself up and picked at his lunch, despite having barely any appetite. As soon as he was done, he left the classroom in search for Mikaela.They had to settle this sooner than later. *** After tracking Mikaela down and bothering him until he agreed to go with Yuu, the two of them ended up alone in the courtyard between the various buildings. Yuu paused in his tracks once they were beside one of the grand trees in the center, shaded from the bright summer sun. He fiddled with his fingers for a moment before beginning his second apology that week.“Sorry about the morning assembly… I didn’t think it would lead to this,” Yuu admitted, scratching the back of his head with a regretful hand. Mikaela didn’t answer him, so Yuu lowered his hand and went on. “I wasn’t there last night, so I have to ask… are you really planning on leaving our home?”Yuu lifted his chin, staring into Mikaela’s stony eyes, prepared for whatever answer he would give to Yuu.What he wasn’t expecting was for Mikaela to come closer… and not show any signs of stopping.“H-Hey, what-” Yuu took a few steps back, but when Mikaela continued to advance to him, he froze, not sure of what to do next. Yuu’s eyes widened as Mikaela’s hand brushed along his jaw, coaxing him to maintain their eye contact. He tilted his head in that horribly attractive way, a small, teasing smile on his tempting lips. Yuu trembled, trying his damndest not to stare, but it was so difficult when they were so close together. He forced his eyes upward, swallowing nervously.“Will you steal me away from grandfather’s home?” Mikaela asked lowly, his voice playful and suggestive. Yuu tensed as his heart began pounding in his ears, his face and ears burning with embarrassment from their close proximity. He was captured by Mikaela’s eyes, gazing so intently into his own, glittering with amusement and…… was that... sadness?Yuu’s lips parted and the embarrassment melted away from his cheeks with every passing second. His heartstrings were tugged harshly at the sight of Mikaela, looking so painfully upset underneath his flirtatious facade.Before Yuu could point it out, Mikaela closed his eyes and took a step back, his hand falling away from Yuu in a graceful motion. With a fake smile, he lightly said, “Just kidding.”He turned his back to Yuu and began to walk away. Yuu was stuck in his place, watching with an aching heart as Mikaela put distance between them. Then, Mikaela paused and stood still. Yuu held his breath in anticipation and waited for his actual answer, hoping that he paused to tell this to Yuu.“My grandfather told me to stop associating with you,” Mikaela said, voice oddly empty, “so I’m not going back there.” He paused for a painful moment, then added, “I decided that on my own.”Yuu blinked to try and hold back the stinging tears in his eyes. Mikaela peered over his shoulder, showing one icy blue eye as he flatly and sharply said, “Leave me alone already.”Yuu couldn’t move for a long time, even after Mikaela was long gone and out of sight. It was amazing how quickly he went from being rosy and warm to feeling cold and hollow. ***A week passed since that encounter in the courtyard. Yuu spend the time feeling hopeless and, oddly enough, very lonely.Mikaela had only lived there for 2 days, and yet his room felt too big, too empty. It was far too large for just one person. He spent his time sitting on the ground, mindlessly playing games on his phone, trying to keep his mind off of Mikaela. He had to stop thinking about the other man and focus on his friends, his homework (sometimes), his family- the family he knew wouldn’t leave.Yet Yuu found it painfully difficult to stop thinking about him. He saw Mikaela every day in class, always avoiding Yuu’s eyes, always finding ways to slip past Yuu without even so much as a wave or a nod in his direction. It was like Yuu didn’t exist. Yuu was half-tempted to start breaking rule after rule of the Academy just to force Mikaela to talk to him, but he never got the energy to do anything.Shinoa was giving him his space when he needed it, though he could tell she was bored and sad that Yuu was in such a depressing rut. He wished he could pick himself up easily, but he found himself losing all motivation and slipping further and further into hopelessness.What were these feelings? He hated them. At night, they always came and hit him much harder, like the hot, messy emotions swirling through him were going to crush him to nothing. He sometimes scooted to the other side of the bed and clutched onto Mikaela’s pillow, savoring the remaining scent of apples that lingered on the pillowcase until it entirely faded away. He hadn’t been able to sleep on his own side of the bed since Mikaela left.When did he become such an… obsessive creep? *** During P.E. that week, Yuu pretended that he wasn’t feeling good and sat out during the class. The teachers told him he would have to participate later in the class, but they had left him alone and Shinoa came to keep him company for a while.When she approached, she Shinoa sat down behind him suddenly and began pushing on his back, forcing him to stretch and reach his toes. Yuu groaned in frustration and reluctantly reached out, teeth gritting from the physical strain. He couldn’t remember the last time he attempted to stretch like this, which was probably a bad thing.“I know P.E.’s a drag, but it’s way better than sitting all day for a test,” Shinoa said as she pushed him down harder and harder. This form of stretching torture must have been Shinoa’s way to comfort her sullen friend.“Ow-” Yuu hissed, reaching out further until he could firmly grip the tips of his toes. Once he successfully made the stretch, he looked up at the other students through narrowed eyes, frowning as his focus naturally went straight to Mikaela. It was hard for him to not look at Mikaela- he was a shining star amongst a dull sky of boring people.A whole week had passed and Mikaela still hadn’t said anything. Yuu stared longingly at the blond, letting out a drawn-out sigh as Mikaela tied his hair back in a tiny ponytail, showing off the graceful slope of his neck. The way the tiny hairs at the nape of his neck curled against his skin made Yuu gulp slowly. He watched, hypnotized momentarily as a drop of sweat rolled down Mikaela’s temple, gradually sliding and leaving a gleaming trail on Mikaela’s smooth skin until it dripped down his sculpted jaw. Yuu suddenly felt parched.His view was obstructed by a few other people who had all begun to gather around him, praising him for the score he just made in the volleyball game the class was playing. Yuu was envious; Mikaela was always surrounded by other people. He sat up again now that Shinoa left him alone to participate in the game, then leaned up against the wall and craned his head back to watch the game. It wasn’t his turn to sit out, but he had been cleverly avoiding the eyes of the gym teachers and hiding out on the sidelines. Luckily, no one was paying much attention to him anyways- except for some of the other students.“That guy… he’s the one who claimed to be the chairman’s grandson at the assembly,” one girl’s voice said softly to her friend, and Yuu caught wind of it. He peered through the corner of his eye at them, his eyes narrowing slightly in exasperation.“Huh? A secret child?” The friend replied, her voice not necessarily hushed to keep anything a secret. Very considerate of them, Yuu thought with a self-conscious grimace.“No way, he probably just wanted to get closer to the President, right?”Yuu flinched. Were his feelings that painfully obvious to everyone? Their conversation continued, but Yuu stopped listening. He lowered his head bitterly, his fingers flexing in and out of a fist. The rumors were making him look like a total idiot. Meanwhile, Mikaela continued to be the shining star, a gorgeous, studious person amongst the average crowd. Yuu sighed as he looked closely at the sparkling, yearning eyes of the girls and guys surrounding Mikaela. I guess to them, I’m the same as the ones surrounding him…  Yuu realized with a sinking heart. Then, he remembered all the things he had done to screw up his relationship with Mikaela already. The memories forced himself to sink even deeper into his regretful feelings.  No, I’m even lower. As he sat there, alone on the polished floor of the gymnasium and listening to the squeaking of sneakers, Yuu thought deeply about what he could do next. Sitting around and feeling bad about himself wasn’t going to solve anything. Nothing would change like this- the weight on his heart wouldn’t lessen, and his guilt wouldn’t fade.Yuu stared intently at the back of Mikaela’s head, feeling a new resolve settle in his chest. Mikaela was too busy at school, so Yuu only had one choice: to track Mikaela down and seriously talk with him in his own home. *** Yuu walked down a few streets not far from the Academy, squinting at the address on his phone. He was able to find the address after digging around in the school directory. Over his shoulder was a bag of some belongings that Mikaela had left behind in their home. Yuu wasn’t sure if that meant they were things he didn’t care to have, or things he intended to come get later, or…… maybe it meant Mikaela would be returning again eventually.Yuu gripped the strap of Mikaela’s bag as he glanced at the numbers on the buildings he passed. He was close now. Surely, the next house past the massive structure to his left would be the home he was looking for. He lifted his eyes away from his phone screen, now facing straight ahead. He caught a glimpse of the number he was looking for, then did a double take and backtracked before he passed it up entirely.His eyes trailed higher, and higher, and higher. His mouth parted in awe at the sight of a towering brick house, guarded by a gate and clearly at least three stories high. It was gorgeously laid out and simplistically decorated, with a mixture of modern-style arches and columns adorning the facade of the house. It’s huge…! Yuu stared up at the massive building with sparkling, envious eyes. He realized that this had to be the Hyakuya Home- after all, the address on his phone matched with the one on the house. If this wasn’t considered a mansion in comparison to the chairman’s home, then what was the actual mansion like…?“What are you doing?”Yuu barely had time to stand and admire the house before a familiar, sharp voice spoke to him from not too far off. He flinched and looked to his side, his heart pounding as he realized Mikaela was right there, gripping his bookbag and regarding Yuu with inquisitive, suspicious eyes. Yuu blinked at him for a moment, amazed that those azure eyes were looking at him again, so stunned that he almost forgot what he was even there for in the first place.“U-Uhm…” Yuu frantically searched his head for an answer. He became aware of the extra weight on his arm- right.  The bag. It was Mikaela’s bag. Yuu lifted the bag with one arm and nodded to it. “Here… you left this behind.”Mikaela glanced down to the bag, but his eyes traveled back up to Yuu as if he was disinterested in his own belongings and more curious about Yuu himself. He studied Yuu’s expression for a moment before lightly saying, “Come inside.”Yuu nearly jumped out of his skin. He didn’t realize he wouldn’t be turned away immediately at the door. Things were already going somewhat well, it seemed. Yuu nodded and waited in his place as Mikaela walked past him and opened the gate. Yuu trailed after him hesitantly, peering around as they went up the steps to the front door.“Pardon me…” Yuu murmured as they stepped into the foyer. He removed his shoes in favor for the slippers provided off to the side, then followed Mikaela as he pushed the front door open and went into the home. Yuu gazed around at the polished marble floors, the classical-style columns, the grand windows on the opposite wall letting in golden rays of late afternoon sunlight. He was so entranced with the gorgeous surroundings that when he finally looked back to Mikaela, the other was already climbing the massive staircase.Yuu followed him hurriedly, eyes trailing around with wonder. Yuu was admiring the fancy paintings and flowers in vases as he said, “Grandpa really is super rich, huh…?”“I believe you already have your answer to that,” Mikaela responded with a hint of amusement. Yuu blinked in surprise and chased after Mikaela, rushing up the stairs to catch up as they got the top. They went down a hallway to one of the rooms, which Yuu realized must be Mikaela’s own bedroom.When they stepped inside, Yuu briefly wondered if they stepped back in time. It truly looked like some sort of Western, Elizabethan-era room. There was large bed in the corner, and in front of a massive, floor-to-ceiling window were old-fashioned chairs situated around a tiny table. Naturally, on the opposing wall were rows of books aligned perfectly on a massive bookcase. There seemed to be quite a few empty shelves, however- and Yuu realized the missing books were the ones still in his room. Yuu frowned at the thought.“When you’re finished looking around, please leave,” Mikaela told him minutely while sorting through the bag that Yuu brought to him. Yuu snapped out of his daze to turn back to Mikaela, heart racing nervously. He didn’t want to just run away when he had gotten this far already.“H-Hey, are you really not coming back to us again?” Yuu blurted out, his eyes immediately watering at the thought. He couldn’t believe himself; when Mikaela first appeared, Yuu wanted nothing to do with him, and now here he was, so upset at the thought of Mikaela never returning. He sure got attached quickly.Mikaela stopped shuffling through his bag, instead dropping his hands at his sides. “So, that  is  what you’re here about.” Mikaela paused heavily. “Don’t make me repeat myself. I chose this-”“Why do you look so sad around me, then?” Yuu interrupted, eyebrows tensed with confusion and empathy. Mikaela shifted slightly but still didn’t turn around to face Yuu. Frowning, Yuu went on, taking advantage of Mikaela’s silence. “You gave me that look in the school courtyard. It was the same look you had when I said I would report Mr. Bathory for harassing you. And even in class- for short moments, you keep giving me that look. Do you let other people see you like that, too?”Mikaela turned around slowly, as if he couldn’t believe what he was hearing. Yuu’s heart jolted- his eyes were wide in shock, his mouth parted slightly with amazement. Yuu’s pulse fluttered faster with the realization that he was finally getting through to Mikaela. Intently, he continued on, his expression stern and serious, yet simultaneously softened with concern and care.“The second night you spent at our place, you called out to your father in your sleep as you cried,” Yuu said, causing Mikaela to tense and visibly swallow as he truly listened to Yuu’s words. Yuu’s eyes became glassier as he admitted, “It made me wonder if there was anything I could do. I wanted to shake off some of your stifling rules.”Mikaela turned back around, facing away from Yuu again. Yuu stepped towards him, determined to reach Mikaela’s heart no matter what it took. “You can be freer now! If it’s too hard on your own, then I’ll help-”“Shut up…” Mikaela responded, his voice shaky and frail. Yuu paused, listening to him closely, attentive to any signs of emotion and distress. He stepped closer and set his bag down, his heart beating heavily with worry. He stopped when he was standing just behind Mikaela, then after watching the back of his head, he laced his fingers together and waited patiently for Mikaela to gather himself.What he wasn’t expecting was for Mikaela to turn around, his eyes bleary as tears cascaded down his cheeks. They were like liquid gems, sparkling in the light of sunset, slipping down his gorgeous face so smoothly and perfectly, like a crying doll brought to life. Yuu held his breath, his emotions swelling in his chest as he searched Mikaela’s shimmering, watery eyes. They were usually so stoic, so stony- and now they were like shattered glass.Yuu had really done it now- he finally reached Mikaela’s heart.“Hey… it’s alright,” Yuu murmured as he stepped closer, feeling like he was approaching a frightened animal. He slowly reached up, not wanting to startle Mikaela. When Mikaela showed no signs of backing away, Yuu carefully cupped Mikaela’s face in his hands. He didn’t let go, even when Mikaela winced slightly from the contact. Yuu felt the hot tears wet the palms of his hands and, with a gentle, tender smile, he looked into Mikaela’s eyes sincerely. “I’m with you now.”Mikaela’s eyes widened. Tears continued to sprinkle from his eyelashes, causing Yuu’s heart to pound harder and harder. The air between them was tense, yet so intimate, their proximity implying something more should happen between them. Yet despite his burning desire, his pull towards Mikaela, his itching want… Yuu dropped his hands and instead, wrapped his fingers gently around Mikaela’s wrists.“Come on, let’s sit down, okay?” Yuu encouraged and began tugging him towards the bed. Mikaela followed, lowering his head in embarrassment as they sat down, side by side on the edge of the bed. Yuu turned his body to properly console Mikaela, putting his arm around Mikaela’s shoulders and pressing his forehead against the side of Mikaela’s head. He nuzzled into his fluffy, wavy blond hair, letting out a sigh that tickled the shell of Mikaela’s ear.“Come back home to us… Mika.” Yuu wasn’t sure where the nickname came from, but it slipped past his lips before he had a chance to reconsider. Saying it made his cheeks tinge a rosy pink, but he continued to stroke Mika’s arm, hoping to comfort the other as best as he could.Yuu blinked his eyes open as Mika peered up at him, his eyes shining with a different sort of emotion that Yuu didn’t recognize. He held his breath, noticing the way their noses brushed when Mika faced hm, how their eyes aligned along with their lips.Yuu didn’t dare to move. He sat there, still and waiting, wondering what Mika was up to.And then he was pulled, his arm yanked hard enough to force him onto Mika’s lap, knees bordering either side of his hips. Yuu yelped at the movement, so sudden that a rush ran through his veins and heated his skin instantly. Mika’s hands were situated on his waist, sliding up his sides, tickling his skin and making Yuu shiver.“W-Wait, Mika, what are you-” Yuu stammered weakly, feeling dizzy at the sudden excitement and desire clouding his mind. Mika looked up at him, his eyes shaded and wanton, lips parted as he was leaning in closer. Yuu sucked in a tense gasp, his eyes squeezing shut as his heart threatened to leap out of his chest. Mika’s breath fanned over his lips, warm and ticklish and-“Mikaela, what’s with all of the commotion?”Yuu’s eyes snapped open. His body felt like it was immersed in ice-cold water. The door creaked open before he had a chance to scramble off of Mika’s lap and act like nothing was going on.Yuu whipped around, eyes wide and petrified as his gaze locked with Urd’s- Mika’s grandfather, the chairman.Urd was deathly still for a few moments, taking in the entire scene before him and likely interpreting it the entirely wrong way. Mika’s eyes were teary, their faces were both flushed, and Yuu was in an incredibly compromising position, seated right in Mika’s lap.It felt like time had stopped for a painful few seconds. Urd sighed deeply and rubbed at his temple, finally daring to speak after seeing what he just walked into. “Nothing good ever comes of having you around. First your arrival at school, then the morning assembly.” He sighed, then raised shockingly treacherous eyes to Yuu. “As of today, you’re expelled.”“Huh?” Yuu breathed, too shocked to properly react to such news.“Don’t worry about the paperwork, I’ll handle it myself,” Urd bitterly added. He turned his back and began to close the door behind him, but Yuu stumbled out of Mika’s lap to pursue him.“H-Hey, wait!” Yuu reached out, hoping that Urd would at least give him a chance when he stopped in his tracks.Urd turned around sharply, his eyes cold and unrelenting as he snapped, “Go home!” The harshness of his voice froze Yuu in his place, his heart sinking quickly at the merciless glare in the older man’s eyes. “This is no place for someone like you!”The door slammed shut. Yuu’s shoulders sagged with defeat as the sound faded into silence.Was he ever allowed to be happy, even if only for a moment?



Chapter 3
Chapter Summary
While explaining his situation to Shinoa, Yuu comes to the realization that he has feelings for Mika. Then, deciding to confront Urd following encouragement from Shinoa, Yuu finds him collapsed on the floor and rushes him to the hospital.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Yuu couldn’t sit still for long without his mind going in circles, his thoughts becoming even more complicated and complex. Every time he got too deep into his confusing feelings, he frantically looked for a distraction, if only to avoid his problems just a bit longer. It might not have been productive, but he didn’t know what else to do.He was only able to give Mika a pitiful look before he left the Hyakuya home, and a week had passed since that incident. An entire  week.  Yuu hadn’t returned to the school and pretended to be sick every day to avoid questioning from Guren, since he was terrified to tell Guren about being expelled. Maybe there was still a chance that he could get accepted to the Academy again- Yuu just hadn’t thought of a solution yet.On Friday, Guren went to work, and once the coast was clear Yuu tossed the covers off of him and got out of bed. He stopped his fake coughs and put his feigned fever tricks aside for later. Yuu texted Shinoa knowing that class was over and promised to meet up with her within the hour. He went and got ready for their day out, and once he was dressed, left the house and headed downtown.Shinoa was more than willing to be a distraction, even though Yuu hadn’t truly explained to her what was going on in his life. He was really grateful to her for being such a thoughtful friend, even though Yuu was being so evasive and ambiguous about his problems. It wasn’t that Yuu didn’t trust her- he was just struggling with facing these problems on his own, let alone telling these faults to someone else.After they had been at the mall for a few hours, the pair emerged from the front doors, with Yuu trailing a bit behind an overly-energetic Shinoa. Yuu carried some of Shinoa’s bags in his hands, but she still had many more shopping bags own lined up on her arms, filled up with new cute clothes and accessories.“Where should we go have fun next?” Shinoa mused as they stepped out into the summer sun. Despite the bright and beautiful weather, Yuu released a heavy sigh in response, still feeling melancholy after everything that had happened. Now that he knew Mika just needed his help, he had no idea what to do next, and he had been mulling over it the entire time they were out.Shinoa paused, noticing his lack of response and sullen expression. She frowned and stepped over to him, her head tilted with question. “What’s wrong today, Yuu-san?” She leaned up on his arm, peering up at him with shiny, concerned eyes. Yuu moved away slightly, not wishing to open up. “You’re not cutting loose much,” Shinoa remarked.Yuu turned his face away, grimacing slightly at her statement. “Speaking of cutting loose, I’ve kind of been super cut off…”“Hmm?” Shinoa tilted her head, clearly wondering what on earth he meant. To her knowledge, he was only skipping school for a week of depression naps, but she didn’t know he was legitimately  expelled  by none other than the chairman himself. After taking a deep breath, Yuu suggested they went to a cafe together, promising to explain once they got there.By the time they were seated in the cafe, Yuu told almost everything to her, more or less. He left out his strange feelings for Mika and the… interesting thing that had happened on the bed between them. Yuu hadn’t thought too deeply about it quite yet. Every time his mind began traveling in that direction, the sudden burst of butterflies in his stomach and the rush of heat that flew to his face was so overwhelming that his first instinct was to distract himself from it all.“So… in short- correct me if I misunderstood anything- your dad remarried, so you became the President’s family, and then you got expelled because you stood up for him?” Shinoa summarized after his lengthy explanation, her eyes wide. Yuu nodded, assuring she had it all right. Shinoa leaned forward, shocked and clearly appalled. “What the hell? That’s mad… that chairman’s such a weirdo...”Yuu lowered his forehead onto the table, feeling defeated and exhausted after talking in depth about it all. With a groan, he wondered out loud to Shinoa, “Seriously, what do I do now…?”“What did Guren say?” Shinoa asked.“Haven’t told him,” Yuu mumbled regretfully. “I’ve been faking an illness.”“I see…” Shinoa said, then fell into silence, clearly not knowing what else to say to Yuu to help his predicament.“I’ve tried doing all those things for him, but I don’t understand how he really feels, and it looks like I called out his deepest insecurities the last time we talked…” Yuu said in between small sighs, still going on about Mika with his head laid mournfully on the table. He tilted his face so that he was looking out the cafe window, cheek squished against the wooden surface of the table. “I guess in the end, I couldn’t become his family… not with Urd standing in my way.”“Now, now, Yuu-san, I think you did your best,” Shinoa tried to console him, even if he seemed like a lost cause. “Anyone would be truly happy to have a family member going such lengths for them. I’m sure your feelings are getting across to him.”Yuu stared at his own reflection mirrored to him in the window of the cafe, his eyebrows tensing as conflicting thoughts crashed in his mind. My feelings…?  Yuu frowned deeper at himself. What did his feelings even mean?  What did I want to convey to him?  It felt like something was screaming in his head, something so obvious that it was ridiculous that he hadn’t seen sooner. He felt like he was suddenly at the brink of a realization, like he was about to understand something about himself that he had been suppressing this entire time. Memories of Mika flashed through his mind- every time they were close, every time Mika gave him that melancholy look, and  especially  the moment when Mika pulled him into his lap, his face tear-stained and tinted with a blush of desire. Desire… passion… intimacy.  Yuu’s knees pressed together as he studied himself in the window’s reflection, his eyes beginning to shimmer with powerful emotions- emotions that were slowly building, swelling in his chest and causing his heart to beat harder and deeper.
 No, it couldn’t be... 
He was such an idiot.Yuu was someone who secretly watched romance movies and read those sappy, lovey books when no one was looking. Yuu was someone who dreamed of true love deep down inside, someone who wanted to find that special person who would compliment him, support him in rough times and in good times. Someone he could make memories with, someone who he could kiss and hold, someone who would always be by his side.He was always staring at Mika, wanting to be held by those arms. Always feeling a strange pull to Mika, like if he knew him better, he could comfort him in hard times and make him laugh on better days. It didn’t make sense to Yuu, not at all, but it was crystal clear to him now. The truth came to his mind like it emerged from a dense fog.
 I get it now… 

 I have feelings for Mika. 
Yuu clutched at his chest at the sudden swell of passion, pain and longing caused his heart to ache. Yuu sat up, noticing how his vision began to blur with tears. Shinoa tensed at the sight of him, her eyes round as she stared at Yuu.Moved and amazed at the intensity of his own feelings, Yuu finally allowed his tears to pour freely down his cheeks.“Yuu-san, are you okay!?” Shinoa fretted, clearly surprised at seeing Yuu break down in tears so suddenly. “If you need to vent, just dump it all on me…!” She paused, a conflicted expression on her face as she added, “Don’t go all quiet on me like this… I seriously can’t even think about you being gone. I’ve never had a friend like you before.”“Shinoa…” Yuu murmured, rubbing his tears away with a shaking hand. Crying out his sadness made room for the determination he had lost all this time. He looked up to Shinoa with a smile on his face, despite the tears spotting his eyes. “Thank you for encouraging me. There’s still some things I need to do.” He held up a ‘v’ sign, just to show Shinoa he truly was getting himself together.At the sight of the usual, goofily smiling Yuu, Shinoa blinked a few times, the sadness seeming to fade from her eyes as well. She smiled and leaned forward, setting her drink down on her saucer cup with a dainty gesture.“I don’t really get it, but it looks like you’re feeling better,” Shinoa noted, looking far less worried and even more supportive than ever. Then, she held up a thumbs up, winked, and said, “The Yuu-san I know is back.” *** Yuu wasn’t one to waste time once he had a plan to set into action. He went straight to the Hyakuya Home once he left Shinoa at the cafe, but he was informed by a house servant at the front gates that Urd was still at the Academy, finishing up the day’s work in his office. Yuu thanked the servant for the information and went straight to the Academy, where he got over the school’s wall via the secret location Shinoa had shown him.After he made his way inside the building, he marched assuredly down to the chairman’s office. He didn’t care about status, or what others thought of him- he had to see his feelings through. He was sick and tired of running away, hiding his true feelings, avoiding them and pretending that they just didn’t exist. With this resolve pumping his heart, Yuu set his eyes on the chairman’s office doors, which were just before him now.Yuu didn’t pause as he approached the doors and barged inside. He slammed the doors open loudly, his head raised high and vivid green eyes gleaming bright with confidence as he yelled, “Pardon me!”Yuu expected to meet the calm and collected, icy gaze of the chairman. He expected the chairman to be seated at his desk, working hard on whatever stack of papers he had to sort through that day.Instead, Yuu found himself looking down to the ground, where sheets of paper lay scattered beneath and around the collapsed body of the coughing chairman.Urd was twitching, heaving and grasping at his chest, crunching up his papers beneath trembling, straining fingers in the process.The next hour was like a blur. Yuu had sprung into action immediately, calling an ambulance from his cell phone, then calling for help over the school’s intercom for any staff who were still in the building. All students were gone, so he didn’t have to concern the whole student body with this alarming announcement. Those who were still on the Academy’s premises came rushing to the office immediately, assisting Urd while Yuu stayed by Urd’s side the whole time.Urd was his family, after all, even if only by name.Once in the hospital, Yuu had to wait around in the sitting area as they treated him and got him set up to an IV.“Please, make sure to contact his grandson,” Yuu told the nurse before they rushed Urd away for treatment. “His name is Mikaela Hyakuya. I can give you his number. Things are complicated, he might not answer me, so please-”“Yeah, yeah, we will!” The nurse brushed him off as they pushed Urd into the emergency room. Yuu frowned, watching until they couldn’t be seen again. He figured they would forget Yuu’s request amongst the frantic chaos of saving Urd’s life, so he went to the front desk, asking if they could call Mika. The person at the desk said they would, but Yuu didn’t see them call him. Feeling frustrated at being so ignored, Yuu went on to harass nearly every nurse that passed by until one of them pulled out her own cell phone and called Mika, just to get Yuu to shut up.Now feeling at ease, Yuu went and sat in the waiting area for what felt like ages.He wasn’t sure why no one bothered to wake him up all that time, but at some point he fell asleep and stayed like that for hours. When he rose, it was dark outside and likely way past dinnertime. Yuu didn’t bother to check his phone, knowing Guren was likely blowing it up, asking where he was. To Guren’s knowledge, Yuu was still sick in bed, so for him to not only be gone from his room but also out of the house… it was probably mind-boggling to him. Poor Guren, Yuu thought with a small sigh. He would have a lot of explaining to do when he got home. Putting those thoughts aside for now, Yuu stretched as he stood and approached the front desk. He asked the sleepy person who sat there where Urd’s room was, and once he found out, he headed up and entered Urd’s room with a wide yawn.“Grandpa?” Yuu asked cautiously as he stepped inside, but he saw that Urd was fast asleep, looking much calmer now that he had been treated. Yuu blinked and noticed another face in the room; he flinched in surprise when he realized it was Mika, who was silently sitting in the shadows next to Urd’s bed.“O-Oh, sorry-” Yuu stammered awkwardly once he met those clear, cerulean eyes. The feeling he got when they made eye contact was startling, and so he swiftly turned away to face the door. “I’ll go home.”“Wait.”Yuu froze, feeling his heart begin to pound rapidly in his chest. He didn’t look at Mika again, but he saw him stand from the corner of his eye and approach Yuu. A gentle hand slid along Yuu’s wrist, making Yuu shudder from the simple, cool touch. A jolt shot through Yuu’s heart, bringing a blush to his face that he hid with his hair by looking aside. He swallowed, praying Mika couldn’t feel his fluttering pulse on his wrist.Mika’s hand slipped down and grasped Yuu’s own hand tenderly. His voice was soft as he said, “Come with me. I want to talk.”Yuu gulped and nodded, sparing a quick glance to Mika and allowing him to lead the way. Their hands fell apart as they left the room, which made Yuu a little upset, but he took the opportunity to stick them in his pockets before he got even more flustered.They went to an outdoors, hardwood porch far from the ground that was the roof to a large section of hospital rooms. Greenery edged the walkway, accented by warmly glowing yellow lights. A soft, summer night breeze combed through Yuu’s hair as Mika walked over to the edge of the roof, which presented a view that looked over across the city. Mika leaned on the balcony, peering down at the cars that lazily drove by and the occasional person or two wandering along the sidewalks.Yuu awkwardly looked off to the side, his cheeks tingling with warmth and his stomach clenching queasily. No matter what he did, he just couldn’t calm down, and Mika’s soft touch on his wrist wasn’t helping him, either. Being unaware of his attraction to Mika before today was one thing, and being painfully conscious of it was another. Yuu couldn’t even look at him without fearing Mika would see everything written all over his face.Yet, he knew he should say something to Mika eventually. The silence between them was getting to be way too awkward. Yuu still hesitated despite this, fearing that he wouldn’t be able to talk to Mika like he used to if their eyes met. He was sure if he could keep his frail composure if he looked right at Mika’s gorgeous face again. His heart would leap into his throat, making it impossible for him to speak coherently. What if he made a fool of himself? No, stop it Yuu, that’s enough!  Yuu shook his head, forcing his fears aside once and for all, even if his heart continued to race anxiously in his chest.  I decided not to run anymore! “U-Um!” Yuu blurted out, facing Mika with clenched fists and a quickly flushing face. He parted his lips, still completely unsure what to say, but frantic to think of something anyways.“Use that nickname again.” Mika said something strange in response to Yuu’s outburst, causing Yuu to short-circuit and freeze, his eyes owlish with his confusion.“Huh?” Yuu relaxed, gaze locked on Mika’s elegant profile. His skin seemed to glow, like he was some sort of angel illuminated in the lights of the city. His hair was radiant and golden, even more stunning than normal under the soft lights of the hospital rooftop. Yuu felt like he was suddenly short of breath.“My name… you called me Mika.” He smiled softly, his delicate lips curling upwards and causing Yuu to exhale shakily. He blinked dumbly, unable to find a way to respond. Likely noticing his stupefied silence, Mika kept talking. “The nurse told me earlier… that you helped my grandfather, and it was because of you that he got here safely… and in time before anything worse happened.” He turned to face Yuu now, his eyes glittering with a soft emotion Yuu hadn’t seen before. “You did that, despite how he acted towards you. I assume it’s because he’s your family now, too. So… you should think of me less formally. That’s part of being a family, right?”Yuu was glued to his place, unable to speak as a strong breeze wafted over them, blowing Mika’s wavy blond locks elegantly. His captivating, deep blue gaze was unwavering as he looked at Yuu, his countenance still relaxed with gratitude. Mika softly added, “Also, could you tell Guren not to worry?”Yuu blinked suddenly, his heart swelling with a satisfied, content happiness that he hadn’t felt in a long time. He understood now- Mika was trying to move forward. He grinned widely and said, “All right! I’ll go home now so he doesn’t keep blowing up my phone. I’ll pay another visit tomorrow.” He began to walk away, his steps light with giddiness.Then, Yuu waved and called over his shoulder, “Good night, Mika!”Mika didn’t respond, but Yuu felt Mika’s eyes following him, his attention locked onto Yuu until he couldn’t see him anymore. Knowing this filled Yuu with a buzzing sensation he didn’t quite understand, but it was a feeling he admittedly enjoyed… quite a lot.Yuu knew this was the beginning of a brighter future- and the beginning of a stronger bond between Mika and himself. *** The next day, Yuu arrived to the hospital just after lunch, feeling exhausted after dealing with Guren’s… explosive reaction, to say the least. After learning that Yuu was faking his illness when Yuu got home, he demanded that Yuu went to school on Monday “no matter what shitty excuse he tried to pull out of his ass.” Yuu simply accepted his furious conditions, too tired and admittedly, too afraid to tell him about being expelled.That could be talked about… on Monday, if things didn’t work out that day like Yuu was hoping. Now was his chance to try and talk to Urd about everything. He planned to apologize and pray that Urd felt bad for him, or at least gave him a second chance. Anything at all, as long as Yuu could go back to the Academy.Yuu slipped out of the house once Guren was at work and arrived to the hospital. Mika was waiting for him downstairs, and together they walked up to the room to check up on Urd.“Can… uh, can I talk to him first?” Yuu asked, peering hesitantly at Mika. The blond answered with a silent nod, then allowed Yuu to go inside first. Urd was sitting up in bed, gazing out the window before turning his attention to Yuu and Mika as they entered the room. His eyes were as sharp and cool as ever, but Yuu saw exhaustion clear on his features. He looked more tired than imposing, especially slumped over in his hospital bed.“... we need to talk,” Yuu said slowly, frowning as he glanced to the side nervously.“About your expulsion?” Urd said, which surprised Yuu enough to make him flinch and bring his attention back to Urd.“Y-Yes!” Yuu replied, his heart fluttering nervously. He was about to ask how Urd knew, but Urd went on to talk unprompted.“Before we get to that, I need to thank you.” Urd lowered his eyes, shocking Yuu as he tilted his head in a small, yet unmistakable apologetic bow. To have the chairman bowing to him, no matter how small of a bow it was, had Yuu frozen in his place with amazement. Urd said, “I’m sorry for the trouble I caused yesterday.”Barely believing what he was seeing and hearing, Yuu responded, “No, no, there’s no need to thank me. I only did what anyone else would have.” Then, Yuu frowned, his eyes shimmering in concern as he added more sincerely, “Grandpa, I couldn’t ignore a family member who had collapsed.”Urd gazed at him, studying his face closely before sighing slowly. “Well, that’s not the only reason, but I’ve decided to revoke your expulsion.”Yuu gasped, his heart leaping at the words. “Really?” He breathed, elated at hearing the words he was praying to hear. Yuu forgot the speech he had prepared in his mind, staring silently at Urd with wonder. Urd nodded in response to his shock, then furrowed his brows as he continued to speak.“I thought about when we first met, after hearing Mikaela’s perspective as well… it seems I was being too prideful both as an educator and a grandfather. I’d like to take this hospitalization as an opportunity to reflect on my shortcomings,” Urd finished, and Yuu found himself glancing to Mika with relieved, grateful eyes.Mika had talked to Urd on Yuu’s behalf. He couldn’t believe what he heard, but he was so, so thankful. His heart was pounding his chest- everything was finally falling into place now that everyone was having a change of heart. Yuu had no words to say; he merely smiled and rubbed his lips together, trying not to appear  too  happy at the words he heard.Urd turned his attention to Mika. “Also, Mikaela, you should take this time to make your own choices.”This must have meant something deeper to Mika, for his eyes widened suddenly and he seemed to go short of breath. Yuu watched with awe as Mika sprang to his feet, reaching out weakly to Urd. “Grandfather…!”“You understand, right?” Urd said to him, expression serious and relaxed rather than taut with pent-up anger and arrogance. Mika stared at him for a moment, lowering his hand as he took in Urd’s request. Then, Mika stood up straight, seeming to fully comprehend Urd’s words, even if Yuu was unaware of the depth between their exchange.“I understand,” Mika replied, firm and confident. Yuu peered his determined, thoughtful face, wanting to know what this all meant, even if this wasn’t the place to ask just yet. He hoped he would learn more about what they meant sometime- perhaps Mika would share with him when the time was right.On the walk out of the hospital, Yuu and Mika were quiet with thought for some time. After they emerged from the front doors, Yuu decided to speak up. He wanted to express how he felt he was indebted to Mika, now that Mika had helped convince Urd to let Yuu attend the Academy again. Casting a glance to the blond, Yuu smiled and murmured, “Thanks, Mika…”“I didn’t do anything,” he replied easily, like what he did was no big deal in the end. Yuu thought he saw a hint of pink on his pale cheeks, which made Yuu feel victorious in some odd way. Yuu smiled widely, skipping ahead of Mika to face him while walking backwards.“Hey, Mika! Come home to our place!” Yuu insisted with a bright, sunny smile. “Grandpa insisted you should do as you please, after all! Guren’s lonely without you, too, even if he’s too embarrassed to say it.”“My father’s simply absent,” Mika replied levelly, making Yuu freeze with the fear of rejection. He paused in his steps, feeling suddenly stricken with the change in the atmosphere. Mika continued to walk, closing his eyes as he passed Yuu by while saying, “So that home is still my home, too. I’d return to it even without you asking.”Relief and anticipation of the best kind seized Yuu’s chest. He smiled broadly, his emerald eyes sparkling with a newfound joy as he ran to catch up with Mika and walk by his side.For the entire rest of the walk home, he bothered Mika with his overexcited ideas and plans for all the things they could do together. He was pretty sure Mika wasn’t too annoyed with him, but who knew when he was so stoic all the time. Despite that, Mika’s impassive appearance didn’t bother Yuu in the slightest- he was really starting to understand Mika better and all of the different expressions he wore, no matter how subtle the changes between them were. They were far from vacant- they all had meaning, even if Yuu couldn’t tell them apart in the very beginning.After glancing at Mika’s face, Yuu determined that Mika seemed content now, which was all that mattered to Yuu in the end.***They arrived home together, side by side for the first time in days. Guren was home and already hovering by the door, likely waiting for Yu’s arrival to continue to scold him for lying all week long about being sick. When Yuu stepped inside first, Guren’s eyes remained narrowed, his mouth parting to start reprimanding him. But then, he saw Mika come in behind him.“Mikaela…!” Guren exhaled, clearly forgetting all of his anger or at least pushing it aside. Guren rushed over and pulled Mika into a tight hug without a moment’s hesitation. Yuu stood to the side, watching fondly as Mika’s eyes widened and shimmered over Guren’s shoulder. He suspected Mika wasn’t used to such familial contact or hugs in general- the sight made Yuu smile gently. Welcome home, Mika…  Yuu thought to himself, feeling relieved as Guren released Mika and patted him on the shoulder. Maybe Yuu’s pushy invitation helped to bring it about, but regardless of the reason, Mika came back home.When Mika was changing out of his uniform and taking a bath, Yuu mosied about their room, smiling at the sight of Mika’s bag on his desk. He came close to the bag, tilting his head at the sight of a familiar teddy-bear keychain. He remembered seeing that very keychain on the day Mika moved in, but Yuu noticed one alarming difference- the stuffing was sticking out of its neck between sloppily-applied threads. The bear looked like it was going to fall apart any day now- it was obvious that the threads that were loosely embedded in the fabric were not going to last much longer.Well, Yuu couldn’t let that happen.Yuu got down to business, grabbing Guren’s sewing kit from the cabinet and going back to his room. He sat down, cross-legged on the floor and took the keychain in his hands. He wasn’t a seamstress, but he knew some basic sewing skills- at least, enough to know how to fix this teddy bear for Mika.Yuu was focused on his task, tongue sticking out from the corner of his mouth as he threaded the torn bear shut when Mika appeared, standing in the doorway silently. He paused in his steps, peering at Yuu with surprise before he spoke up. “What are you doing?”Yuu looked up, smiling at Mika with glittering eyes. “He was hurt, so I’m treating him.”Mika closed the door, looking slightly flustered at his childish choice of words. After exhaling softly, Mika murmured, “Don’t do that without permission…”Yuu smiled a little wider at his modest reaction. “Did you try and sew this up before?”Mika came closer, standing above Yuu with a troubled and mildly embarrassed expression. “What about it?”“You’re surprisingly…” …  bad at sewing. Yuu left the rest of his statement unsaid and trailed off instead, voice edging with a small laugh.“What?” Mika asked, narrowing his eyes in offense.“Well, uhm…” Yuu laughed nervously, not wanting to disrupt the lighthearted mood. He decided to rapidly change the subject instead. “Oh, what’s his name?” Yuu held the bear up slightly, head tilted inquisitively.“Name?” Mika blinked, as if he never heard of the concept before. Yuu glanced down at the bear, threading the last part together before finishing the job. He cut the thread and set everything aside, then got to his feet with the bear clutched in his hands.“Yeah, what you call him, you know?” Yuu said, holding the bear up to his face over his mouth. In a cutesy voice, Yuu mimicked the bear while wiggling its arm. “Mika-chan, Mika-chan! Thank you for caring for me this long! I hope you’ll continue to love me…” Mika stared at the bear, wide-eyed and slightly appalled at the goofy way that Yuu was acting.With every syllable of the impromptu name that Yuu spoke, Yuu inched closer, pushing the bear in Mika’s direction with a playful smile. “A… ru… ka… nu!”He giggled as Mika reached out and took the bear, looking down at the stuffed toy with a sort of tenderness in his eyes. “Arukanu?”Yuu tilted his head and smiled, so proud of his handiwork and naming ceremony that his cheeks pinkened with happiness.Mika looked up at him for a moment, but before Yuu noticed, he turned away. Unluckily for Mika, Yuu caught the flush burning on Mika’s cheeks, even as he tried to hide it from Yuu’s view.***“Yuu-san!!”Immediately after arriving to school on Monday, Shinoa leapt onto Yuu and hugged him while laughing girlishly, clearly relieved at seeing Yuu back again. People stopped and stared at them, murmuring amongst each other at the sight.“Shinoa!” Yuu scolded, embarrassed at her overly physically affectionate nature. People were going to think they were dating at this rate. “Stop, cut it out!” He pushed her away, but she only extended her arms with a broader smiler on her face.“I thought I’d never see you again!” She cried out, squeezing Yuu against her tightly, despite his protests. He scrunched his face in embarrassment, glancing self-consciously at the other students staring at them quizzically.“No one else knows about that, okay?” Yuu hissed at her.“Then just keep going along with your act,” Shinoa replied simply, then very loudly yelled, “You were so sick, I thought you were going to die!”Hearing this had the other students convinced, and they turned away from them, whispering into each other’s ears. Yuu didn’t care if they thought he had a week-long illness, as long as they didn’t find out he was nearly expelled. A relieved sigh escaped from Yuu’s chest.“Yeah, yeah, you can let go of me now.” Yuu pressed the palm of his hand against her forehead, pushing Shinoa away and avoiding her little hands, which were clutching at the air, clearly intending to grab or tickle Yuu. It was a fearful thought, to be tickled by the small gremlin known as Shinoa Hiiragi. With fear coursing through his veins, Yuu made sure to avoid her hands at all costs as he bolted down the hallway, getting as far away as he could from the delightedly cackling Shinoa.They had run around so much that they got too far away from their room. Realizing this, they took an unnecessary trip to the bathroom and decided to take their time heading back to homeroom since they were late anyways. The bell rang over the speakers as they left the bathroom, but they agreed it wasn’t worth sprinting through the halls to get back. Instead, they walked slowly and chatted as they made their way to their homeroom.“So, the other day, my brother-” Shinoa was saying until someone cut them off with a brisk tone of voice.“Hey, you two.”Yuu and Shinoa turned around, and Yuu’s expression immediately brightened up at the sight of Mika. Beside him was Rene, the other student council student, but Mika was the one who had spoken up. Yuu knew Mika wasn’t in class because he patrolled the halls during a different class period every day of the week, and on Mondays he was gone during homeroom.“Oh, Mika!” Yuu called out, turning around cheerfully. Mika didn’t soften- his expression remained stern and clear-cut as he replied.“Quit carrying on out here,” he scolded, making Yuu’s smile disappear instantly. Shinoa noticed, her eyes glancing widely to Yuu’s crestfallen expression. He looked somewhat like a kicked puppy. Despite his pitiful expression, Mika sharply said, “Hurry into your classroom.”“We weren’t being loud,” Shinoa defended, a frown tugging at her lips, but Yuu put aside his hurt and grabbed Shinoa’s arm in order to avoid any conflicts.“Alright, we are!” Yuu said, then pulled her towards their classroom with a friendly wave. Mika watched him for a moment, expression unchanging before he continued along his way with Rene at his side.“What the hell…” Shinoa complained as she was pushed into the room. Yuu peeked over his shoulder before walking in, still feeling a little stung by his cold attitude towards Yuu. Even though they hung out all weekend and watched movies, played video games and had meals together, he still was so strict just now. Sure, Yuu had been a distraction and a nuisance as Mika was doing his homework over the weekend, but he didn’t think he pissed off Mika that much. Why won’t he call me by my name…?  Yuu wondered, now aware of this strange, distant way Mika always addressed him. He turned away from Mika and headed into the classroom, conflicted about this fact for the first time.***After school, Yuu and Shinoa found themselves in a nearby bookstore- apparently, one of Shinoa’s favorite authors had released a new book that day and she just had to have it. While she was off looking for a copy, Yuu wandered around the manga section, searching for some cool new comics to read.He found himself unable to focus on anything he pulled off the shelves. Everything felt so repetitive, and nothing could compare to his favorite series of all time. Vampires and demons, a cool protagonist driven by revenge… Yuu knew he couldn’t find anything better than that.His eyes trailed off to one particular section of the store- one that he had never paid any mind to, but that was now drawing him in, calling him as if the books were sirens and he was the victim. Before he knew it, he had one of the books from that very section in his hands, blushing from ear to ear as he curiously flipped through it page by page.It was a yaoi manga. BL was something that girls read, but Yuu had never looked at it once in his life. And now there he was, gulping as he stared down at manga illustrations of two men making out, gasping between messy kisses and rubbing their bodies together. One of the men pushed the other one down onto the bed and pushed up his shirt, eager to suck and lick at the other man’s nipples.Yuu’s eyes trailed over the images, feeling embarrassed at the sight of their toned bodies, skin shiny with sweat, dark blushes drawn over their faces. Their mouths were parted with ecstasy, with one of the men having beads of tears in the corners of his eyes as the other man-“Whatchya reading, Yuu-san?”Yuu nearly screamed as Shinoa appeared beside him, practically materializing out of thin air. She had the book in her hands before Yuu had a chance to cram it back on the shelves and hide it amongst the others. With dreadful mortification, Yuu stammered over his words as he fumbled to find an excuse for why he was looking at such an erotic thing.“I-I-I was trying t-to find a way to get along with Mika better!!” Yuu blurted out, his hands shaking with embarrassment as a flush bled from his cheeks all the way down his neck. Shinoa’s eyes widened as she flipped through the manga, her eyebrows raising in understanding.“So you’re going to go up to him and go, ‘Ah, Mika-san… I want to suck your cock, please-’”
 “Don’t read it out loud!!” 
Yuu snatched the book back from her and snapped it shut. After a store clerk gave them both dirty looks for Yuu’s hollering, Yuu felt it was only necessary to buy the book as atonement. At least, that’s what he told himself. A small part of him wanted to look at it again later, when he was… alone. As if knowing this, Shinoa gave him teasing looks the entire time as they went through the check out, and Yuu wondered if he could ever get her smirking, smug expression out of his mind.***“I’m home…” Yuu called out once he got back inside and removed his shoes. Mika was right there, clutching a trash bag and clearly on his way out. He gave Yuu a disgruntled look when he saw that Yuu was home so late and still wearing the Academy’s uniform.“Stops on the way home are against school rules,” Mika reminded him. “You’re wearing our uniform. You better not have been causing any trouble…”“Yeah, well, I was looking into some things…” Yuu murmured, rubbing the back of his head awkwardly. Guren rounded the corner, holding another trash bag.“Honestly, where were you?” Guren questioned with a frown. “You could have helped with dinner. Anyways, it’s ready, so go sit at the table.”Yuu took the chance to squirm away from Guren’s prying, nodding and rushing past them to put his bag back in his room. He couldn’t believe he had purchased the yaoi manga. He hadn’t stopped thinking about it the whole walk home, his heart fluttering awkwardly every time he recalled a dirty scene from within. He wasn’t sure why he couldn’t stop thinking of it, but he couldn’t talk to Mika easily, either. He figured he should know more about gay romance anyways, since he recently realized he had feelings for Mika, who was another man, no matter how beautiful and feminine he could look at times.At dinner, Yuu kept zoning out, remembering specific erotic scenes and glancing at Mika. What would it feel like to do those things with Mika…? What if he was being pushed down onto the bed, with Mika leaning down to lick on his chest in such a greedy way…?Mika looked back at him, eyebrows slightly raised in question. Yuu snapped out of his daze and flinched as he realized he was caught staring at Mika, his heart jolting in surprise. An embarrassed blush burned his cheeks and in the process, he dropped his forkful of food onto the table.“Yuu, you’re making a mess,” Guren grumbled, glaring at Yuu with a scowl. Yuu muttered an apology and continued to eat, eyes lowered with humiliation. Mika’s eyes lingered on him before he focused back on his meal. Yuu pretended not to notice his eyes.It was nighttime before Yuu knew it. His heart was still pounding as he got into bed, far too aware of Mika’s presence, even though the other was already asleep. He was laying there, facing away from Yuu, his side rising and falling steadily. Yuu flopped down onto his back and stared at the ceiling, dazed and flushed. He couldn’t get under the covers like this- he’d be overheated.Plus, he could feel the warmth of Mika’s body lying right beside him. Tonight was just strange- he was way too conscious of Mika’s presence, more than usual. He swallowed tensely, glancing to the back of Mika’s head with a racing heart.
 I don’t get it… but I want to touch him... 
Yuu focused on the shape of Mika’s body beneath the sheets, the way his his hair laid so elegantly against his neck, and how his skin looked so damn  soft  to the touch. Even if it was just his fingertips, Yuu wanted to feel him... just a little.Yuu was reaching out before he could stop himself, eyes shimmering and face reddening as he inched closer and closer, hand shaking slightly. Then, Yuu froze, fear turning his blood cold as Mika shifted and looked over his shoulder directly at Yuu. “What?”Yuu reared back and sat up, his heart beating wildly in his chest as the heat returned to his face full-force. “A-Ah! No, um-”He stopped stammering as Mika sat up with a small sigh and pushed the covers off of him. Feeling guilty, Yuu watched as Mika stood and got out of bed.“Sorry…” Yuu murmured, feeling so embarrassed that he wished he could bury himself into a hole. He stared down at his lap as Mika went to the closet and opened the door. Curious, Yuu shyly looked up and watched as Mika gathered a pillow and blanket. Frowning, Yuu cautiously called out to him. “Mika…?”“It’s too hot trying to sleep under the same covers,” Mika murmured sleepily. “Your body temperature is really high tonight.”“A-Ah… it… it is…” Yuu awkwardly stammered, looking down with shimmering eyes and burning cheeks. He kneaded at the blanket between his knees, glancing off to the side as he asked, “Hey, are you planning to sleep by yourself tonight…?”“Yes, I don’t want to get a sleepless night due to your tossing and turning,” Mika said as he got to his feet, pillow and blanket in hand. He went towards the door, but Yuu found himself calling out to Mika before he had the chance to leave the room.“Hey, Mika… why won’t you call me by my name?” Yuu asked tentatively, his heart pounding fearfully. Mika hesitated by the door. Yuu knew the question was random, but he couldn’t help himself from asking. It had been on his mind all day. Even as he read the yaoi manga, he felt jealous that the characters called out their names to each other, and yet, he couldn’t recall a moment when Mika ever spoke his name.“Don’t get the wrong idea… using our names is only necessary around outsiders,” was Mika’s calm and collected response. Yuu blinked at him, frowning slightly at the answer. Mika went on, “We might be family now, but…” he then paused. “Nevermind. I’ll sleep on the couch.”“Mika, wait…” Yuu tried again, feeling strangely upset by the thought of Mika leaving to sleep somewhere else. “I’m sorry. I’ll calm down. Just come back to bed.”“Calm down?” Mika pressed, turning around to look at Yuu suspiciously. Yuu hadn’t realized what he implied by using those words, and with a striking fear, his heart leapt into his throat and his blush burned across his face full-force.“U-Uh, it’s nothing! I swear!” Yuu flailed his hands, laughing nervously as Mika stood there, staring at Yuu in bewilderment. “I-I’m just thinking a lot about- stuff- so, uh, please don’t worry about it!”Time ticked by silently. Mika stood by the door, unmoving as he stared at Yuu, eyes inspecting Yuu’s face carefully. Yuu held his breath, wondering why Mika was looking at him so intently, with his brows tensed and lips parted slightly.Then, Mika set down the pillow and blankets. Yuu watched his movements, confused as he turned to face Yuu again, eyes glinting darkly. Yuu wasn’t sure why the look struck him into place, making him rigid with anticipation as he approached the edge of the bed, then lifted his knee and crawled onto the mattress far too seductively.Yuu was stunned, wide-eyed as Mika reached out silently, fingers extended to Yuu in a shocking imitation of how Yuu reached out to Mika when he thought he was asleep. Dumbfounded, Yuu stayed frozen in place, his breath hitching as Mika’s fingers slid along his jaw and tilted his head up. Mika was right in front of him, those gemstone-like eyes glimmering teasingly in the subtle light that filtered through the curtains.Yuu felt his face burning up ridiculously hot. Mika’s lips were curved in a smile, his eyes lidded as he peered into Yuu’s round, wondrous gaze and inched closer and closer. Their lips were hardly apart now, and Yuu lowered his eyelids, entranced at Mika’s beauty so up close and personal. Those thick, luscious eyelashes fanned over his azure stare, locking Yuu into his place. Yuu could feel Mika’s breath on his lips and his heart went wild, even though his mind was blank, too shocked to even think about reacting properly to the alluring image before him.“Are you upset?” Mika murmured, his fingers cool against the heat of Yuu’s face. Yuu swallowed, his dazed eyes raising to meet with Mika’s once again. Mika smirked and whispered, “Do you want me to call you by your name,  Yuu-chan?” Hearing his name spoken from Mika’s lips had Yuu’s heart slamming against his chest, his face plunging into a blush much deeper than before. He gaped and stammered, totally unable to respond, for he was too overwhelmed with the happiness, embarrassment and excitement at hearing the nickname that Mika had just called him.“W-Why would you… call me ‘Yuu-chan,’ of all things...” Yuu trailed off weakly, shrinking away from Mika as heat continued to bleed across his face and tint the tips of his ears bright red. Mika chuckled softly and lowly, causing Yuu to squirm slightly and lower his face to hide how flustered he was.“Because you’re being cute,” Mika said, his tone flirtatious as he leaned back and dropped his hand into his lap. Appearing far too amused for Yuu’s liking, Mika looked him up and down and smiled a little more. The sight had Yuu’s heart pattering faster. “I’ll stay if you want me to stay so badly.”“F-Fine, do what you want!” Yuu huffed and turned over quickly, curling up on his side of the bed and facing away from Mika. He heard the velvety sound of Mika’s laughter before he tucked himself in as well. Then, the room fell silent.“By the way, you and that girl will have to clean the bathroom tomorrow as punishment for making stops on your way home in your uniforms,” Mika added, all hints of playfulness gone from his tone. Yuu sat up, scowling at Mika incredulously.
 “Haaa!?” 
“Don’t yell so loud, you’ll wake up Guren,” Mika scolded lightly, flashing another tiny smile at Yuu before he turned over onto his side and closed his eyes.Yuu huffed and flopped down onto the bed in frustration. Despite the shitty punishment, Yuu still couldn’t stop thinking about the way his heart pounded and that tense, intimate moment they just shared. He sighed deeply and turned over, too tired to keep himself worked up about it. “Whatever… good night, Mika.”A few moments of silence passed before Mika replied, his voice hushed and even… slightly shy. “Good night, Yuu-chan.”Yuu had already fallen fast asleep before he had a chance to hear Mika’s response.***“Ah, jeez, why are they punishing us with cleaning just for making a stop?” Shinoa groaned and sighed as she mopped the tiled floor of the bathroom, her nose scrunched in distaste. “You can’t do anything with the Student Council President living with you…!”“Sorry I dragged you into this, Shinoa…” Yuu sighed as he dunked his own mop in a bucket, swishing it around in the soapy water reluctantly. He was hoping that Mika was only teasing about the cleaning duty, but it turned out he was completely serious. Yuu was astonished when Mika approached him and Shinoa, mops in his hand and icy coldness in his eyes as he pushed the supplies towards the pair.“No, it’s no big deal,” Shinoa admitted. Yuu sighed and turned back to his task, his mop dripping wet as he began to scrub at the floors. As Shinoa went to mop the other side of the bathroom, Yuu inevitably began to think about the night before.Mika looked so… flirtatious when he came close to Yuu and touched his face. They were so close together, lips barely a few centimeters apart, and the lack of distance drove Yuu’s heart absolutely wild.
 Do you want me to call you by your name, Yuu-chan? 
Yuu’s face immediately began to burn red at the memory. Mika’s voice was so silky smooth, laced with amusement, his eyes glittering coquettishly as if he knew all of Yuu’s deep, sensual desires just by looking at him. Yuu’s heart began beating out of control, and so he grabbed the mop and raised it to the bathroom mirror, smearing his own blushing reflection with soapy water.“Why did he have that look in his eyes!?” Yuu wondered out loud, his movements becoming more aggressive. He put his leg up on the counter to get better leverage and dragged the mop up and down, making a huge mess on the shiny surface of the mirror as he yelled, “That all confused me, you know!!”“Watch it, Yuu-san!” Shinoa replied to his boisterous actions, looking frazzled in the other mirror’s reflection. “Don’t get it dirty- clean it!”Yuu staggered away from the soapy mirror, a deep sigh escaping his lips now that he had exhausted his energy. He crouched down on the floor and stared at his shoes, his face turning redder due to the exertion of his outburst. Shinoa came beside him and crouched down, patting his back with a tiny, understanding hand.“There, there,” she consoled. Yuu ducked his head down so his face was tucked between his legs, forehead pressed against his knees.“He doesn’t make any sense…” Yuu muttered, feeling like he wouldn’t ever get over the hot, swooping feeling that always made his heart beat erratically when he thought of Mika.***“Again!? There’s another student here who didn’t take their textbooks home…”Mika was sorting through the list of students on his clipboard, checking off that each of them had taken their things home when Lacus’s outburst distracted him. He paused, peering out of the corner of his eye at the purple-haired student before focusing back on his task. Lacus was the one in charge of that row, not Mika, so he had no reason to listen in.“Lacus, over here.” Rene gestured to the vice president and Lacus traveled over to him, once again distracting Mika from what he was doing.“What!?” Lacus yelled, far too obnoxious than necessary for the situation. Mika looked up curiously and saw what they were making a fuss over. All over one particular desk was a haphazardly folded uniform, a pair of headphones, and a container of hair gel next to an entire bookbag. Mika sighed softly, knowing exactly who those things belonged to.“There’s a clear pattern of students growing more lax lately,” Lacus complained as he reached into the desk and pulled out the student’s ID. “And it’s all because of this punk… Hyakuya Yuuichirou! I can’t accept this!”Mika approached them and placed his hand on Lacus’s shoulder firmly, getting the attention of the vice president immediately. “That’s enough for today.” After giving him a slight squeeze, Mika’s hand slid off of Lacus’s shoulder. “Leave the rest to me. You two go on home.”“But…!” Lacus protested, and Mika gave him a sharp, commanding stare. Lacus had spoken so harshly of Yuu, and something about his haughty attitude had Mika peeved. He didn’t like them talking so rudely of Yuu like that. Lacus faltered, likely noticing the irritation in Mika’s eyes. He lowered his eyes solemnly, clearly feeling bad about his tone of voice before. “If you insist, President…”Mika nodded to them as they left the classroom, then finished up his work before putting the paperwork in his bag. Mika turned to Yuu’s belongings, noticing that his bookbag was unzipped sloppily. He sighed and took the hair gel, checking that the cap was secured before he stuck it into Yuu’s bag. As he was trying to fit the other items inside, he realized there was no room for all of these things, so he paused and pulled out some of the books to make some room. Manga… Mika sighed and set the comics aside. Yuu could probably leave these here for a day. Then, he scrunched his eyebrows, pausing in his place. He had forgotten Yuu was still here, cleaning the bathroom with that Hiiragi girl.Mika sighed. He had gotten too distracted with his task and completely forgot the obvious reason why his uniform, of all things, was still there. Mika went to set the manga books down, intending to leave everything as he found it until the book’s covers caught his eye. Mildly curious, Mika peered at which manga books they were. Seraph of the End… Mika blinked at the volume of shounen manga, not surprised that Yuu would enjoy something like this. He set it aside and noticed the other volume of manga, which looked entirely different than the first. The shounen manga was black with green lettering, showcasing intense illustrations of characters with elaborate weapons, but this manga…… was pink and flowery, showing two guys with their fingers laced together, peering lovingly into each other’s shining eyes. Private Teacher, Volume 3…  Mika narrowed his eyes at the book’s title, his eyes skirting around the expressions the men wore and the style of the manga itself. He flipped it open, unsure of what he would find, but having a sneaking suspicion of what could be inside anyways.Sure enough… Mika blinked down at the graphic images within the book of the two men together, nearly entirely undressed, gasping and panting together. The smaller man was trembling beneath the other man’s hands, his mouth open with gasps and cries as the larger man’s cock plunged deep inside of him. Lewd sounds and descriptives floated around the panels, making it clear just what sorts of seuxal things they were doing.Mika had a brief image in his mind of messy black hair and emerald green eyes clouded with wild desire. He cleared his throat and snapped the book shut, his own cheeks tinting pink. Such dirty material was not allowed on campus, so he had no choice but to confiscate it. Mika scribbled a note on the back of a sheet of paper and stuck it under Yuu’s bag, then made his way out of the classroom.***“Man, I’m beat!”Shinoa’s voice echoed in the bathroom as she kneeled over, hands folded on top of her broom now that the last step of cleaning was accomplished.Yuu and Shinoa stood proudly before the sparkling, shimmering, spotless bathroom. Yuu stretched his arms above his head, letting out a deep breath now that everything was shining, polished and dry.“You lost your temper there, Yuu-san,” Shinoa remarked, peering at Yuu amusedly as she referred to his outburst in the beginning of their cleaning task. Feeling flustered, Yuu’s cheeks burned pink as he turned away from her and pouted rather than responding. She giggled at his reaction, and then the two of them went to their separate lockers to change back into their uniforms.Now that they were changed, they walked back to the classroom together, since it was where the rest of their belongings were. Yuu was putting his things away as Shinoa sat on top of her desk while fanning herself with a folder.“So, what about our trip home?” Shinoa hummed, as if she completely forgot the whole reason why they were stuck after class cleaning the bathroom in the first place. “Want to grab some ice cream? After working up a sweat like this, I need to eat something cold to keep going! Even the Student Council President would overlook a reward that small, right?”“You never give up, huh, Shinoa?” Yuu sighed, moving his bag to swing it over his shoulder. He paused at the sight of a piece of paper that was suddenly on his desk- one that he hadn’t seen before. It looked like a note. He picked it up and read it with curious eyes. 
 Come to the chairman’s office. 

        - Mika  
  Yuu’s breath hitched as his heart leapt in his chest. Mika was asking for him…!? This was a first! Excitement seized his chest and he scrambled to grab the rest of his things, feeling elated that Mika wanted to see him.“So, what do you think?” Shinoa asked, tilting her head as she looked at the paper that Yuu was holding. “What’s that note about?”“S-Sorry, Shinoa!” Yuu stammered out as he shoved the note in his pocket. “I have something I need to do! Go on without me.” Without waiting for her response, he bolted out of the classroom and sprinted towards the office, his smile wide across his face.“Hey, no running in the halls!” A voice scolded from above, but it wasn’t Mika’s, so Yuu ignored it and continued running anyways. He saw the chairman’s office doors just ahead, and with a leap of joy, Yuu scrambled to the doors and shoved them open in a wildly sloppy display.“Mika!” He gasped between heavy pants, not realizing how heavily he just exerted himself, especially after cleaning the bathroom so aggressively. The door shut behind him and he leaned down, trying to catch his breath as Mika turned around and looked at him with raised eyebrows.“Could you at least knock?” Mika sighed, then waited patiently as Yuu finally steadied his breathing and stood upright.“U-Um!” Yuu tensed up, then bowed his head to Mika quickly. “I’m sorry about stopping home yesterday…”“I didn’t call you here to apologize for that,” Mika said, and so Yuu stood up again, eyes blinking twice with interest. Mika was walking towards him now, looking unnaturally stunning in the brilliant golden-orange light from the late evening sun. The whole office was painted in that golden color that cascaded in rays from the massive windows. Yuu was slightly dazzled by everything, but he was even more in awe of Mika was he came closer and closer.“Huh? Then…” Yuu trailed off, gulping as Mika stood right before him and lifted the book that was in his hand.Yuu’s heart stopped.It was the yaoi manga he bought the day before.“This was found in your belongings,” Mika said, unflinching even as Yuu’s horrified face became colored in bright red. He lowered his eyes, feeling ashamed and humiliated as Mika went on, “I don’t know what you were intending to do with this, but I wonder what Guren might think if he saw it…” Mika turned the cover so he could look at it himself, a small smile lifting the corners of his mouth. Yuu tensed, his heart racing at the teasing expression as he said, “But of course, I’ll keep this between us.”Yuu’s mouth was agape, and he stammered, unable to think of a clever response. He was so embarrassed that Mika found the book that he had no defense, nothing to say to cover up his dirty antics. Mika stood there in front of him and flipped through the pages, a smirk resting on his lips as he kept his thumb on one page and faced Yuu again.“W-What?” Yuu weakly said, voice cracking as Mika started coming closer to him. Yuu backed away, step by step until his back met the doors of the office. Now having nowhere to run, Yuu watched with wide eyes as Mika cornered him, one hand on the wooden door beside his head and the other still holding the book open to a particular page.Yuu let out a tiny gasp as Mika slotted his leg between Yuu’s, pressing his knee lightly against Yuu’s groin. He tensed as Mika leaned in, his silhouette highlighted with the golden lighting of the sun. Then, he lifted the book up, showing Yuu the page he had open- the characters were in the exact same position they were in. The only difference was that the man Mika was impersonating was much taller and larger than him, but the intimidating, flustering effect still worked the same way.“You want to do stuff like  this,  Yuu-chan?” Mika teased, and Yuu went rigid with embarrassment as his heart pounded relentlessly. His knees were trembling and he was trying not to focus on how good Mika’s leg felt when it was pressed right there, hinting at something  more,  something intimate and exciting…Yuu nearly squeaked as Mika leaned in, his cheek brushing Yuu’s as his breath fanned out over Yuu’s ear. Soft blond hair tickled his face and Yuu caught a whiff of his apple-scented shampoo, making Yuu’s mind spin with overwhelming desire. He weakened against the door, and exhaled shakily, his entire body tingling with a need to press closer to Mika.“If you keep acting this cute, I don’t think I’ll be able to hold myself back…” Mika whispered seductively, sending a wanton shudder down Yuu’s spine. He almost reached up and grasped at Mika’s back, just to pull him closer, but he held his twitching fingers back from caving into such a desire. Mika let out a small laugh and softly, smoothly added, “... is what he says in the book.”Yuu flushed dark red as Mika reached down, grasped Yuu’s hand and placed the book in his open palm. Then, he backed away with a calm expression, leaving Yuu against the door as a shaking, flushed mess.“Keep those things in your room next time,” Mika said coolly, then turned around and waved over his shoulder as if nothing had happened. “Please refrain from making any stops on your way home this time.”Yuu wasn’t sure what about Mika’s nonchalant behavior made him spring into action. His back raised off the door and he stumbled forward, his bag falling from his shoulder and crashing noisily onto the ground. Mika turned his head to peer behind him, then his body- he was clearly confused as Yuu charged at him with a little more force than was necessary.Mika’s breath stuttered as Yuu shoved him up against the desk, hand grasping Mika’s tie tightly between his fingers. He brought their faces close together, his eyes fiery, bold and passionate as he stared up at Mika. His heart was pounding harder than it ever had, and with a shaking, flustered voice, Yuu responded to his suggestive statement from before- no matter if it was a quote from the book or not.“Then  don’t  hold back.” He gripped Mika’s tie tighter, crinkling the fabric as he held Mika in his place. Mika’s eyes were wide with surprise; clearly, he wasn’t expecting such an explosive reaction from Yuu. Now, Yuu’s leg was between Mika’s, dangerously close to brushing against his crotch, teasing and demanding. “I’m sorry for being such a bad family member… I-I just can’t stop thinking about you… s-so do something about it and stop teasing me, alright…!?”Mika’s exhale brushed over Yuu’s lips, and it was such a startling sensation that Yuu staggered back with realization of what he was doing. He trembled for a moment, taking in the sight of Mika, who was all disheveled against the desk with a pinkish face, eyes wide in shock. Then, Yuu turned and grabbed his bag, running out of the office before another word could be said between them.***Mika watched as the doors closed behind Yuu’s retreating form, leaving Mika alone in the office with the sounds of his own slightly labored breathing.He reached up and touched his lips, feeling a passion unlike he had ever felt before take hold of his heart. Sure, Yuu had been pretty obvious about his attraction the entire time, but Mika still had his doubts- especially when he was so cold to Yuu in the beginning. But now, it was clear to him how strongly Yuu felt.Mika gulped and gripped the edge of the desk tightly.
 Then… I guess I won’t hold back anymore, Yuu-chan… 




Chapter End Notes
I hope you all liked how gay this chapter was. ╰( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )つ──☆*:・ﾟ


Chapter 4
Chapter Summary
As Yuu avoids coming home out of fear of having to face Mika, he is approached by Lacus, the Student Council Vice President and Mika’s childhood friend. Lacus interrogates Yuu about what their relationship is.
Chapter Notes
Check out this adorable art of Yuu looking at the yaoi manga in the bookstore! :D I love it, thank you for the fanart <333

        See the end of the chapter for more notes






Why did I do that!?



Why, why, 

why

 did I do that!?


Yuu was on top of Shinoa’s bed, attempting to smother himself with her pillow as he thrashed around, physically attempting to dismiss the embarrassment from his system. His face was burning red nonstop since he left the school, making him look like he was running a fever. When Yuu left the school, he was running at full speed until he caught up with Shinoa- he knew the route she took after school by heart. When he stumbled beside her and kneeled over to catch his breath, she was amazed to see him but waited to hear what he had to say. After he had begged to go home with her, she allowed it without much question.

Now, Yuu was clutching her pillowcase and groaning into the pillow’s squishy surface, regretting what he had already been done just hours before. The embarrassing scene replayed in his head over and over, refusing to let him calm down and let the blush fade from his cheeks. He had gotten so close to Mika, gripping his tie as he got right up in his face, pressed against Mika’s lithe body in a very suggestive position.


“Then 

don’t

 hold back. I’m sorry for being such a bad family member… I-I just can’t stop thinking about you… s-so do something about it and stop teasing me, alright…!?”


Yuu’s own words echoed in his mind over and over like a mantra, yet he had no idea why he had blurted out such humiliating thoughts for Mika to hear!

“My feelings are basically out there now…!” Yuu groaned into the pillow, fearing that Mika was completely creeped out by him now. Perhaps he wasn’t- Mika had done weird things to Yuu before, so this was just payback, right? What if Mika thought he wasn’t serious, that he was only joking around? There were too many outcomes to the situation, and Yuu had no clue what to think about it all. All he knew was that he made a move, and a bold one at that. 

Yuu kicked his legs against the mattress like a frustrated child, finally earning Shinoa’s attention due to the ruckus. She was sitting at the desk in her room before, allowing Yuu to squirm around and giving him the space he needed. But after Yuu started getting more and more obnoxious, she clearly gave up on concentrating. With a small sigh, Shinoa set her book down and came over to the edge of her bed, where Yuu was rolling around and wrinkling her sheets messily.

“Hey, you okay, Yuu-san?” She pressed with a soft sigh, and Yuu froze up as a realization suddenly hit him.

“What did I mean, ‘I’m sorry I’m such a bad family member…!?’” Yuu wailed dramatically while tossing the pillow aside. He sat up abruptly and threaded his hands through his hair, as if squeezing his head together would force the answers out of his tangled, messy mind.

“What’s that about?” Shinoa asked and blinked awkwardly, but Yuu ignored her confusion and desperately turned to her. There was no way he could return home tonight and sleep next to Mika, not after what he said. It was just too soon. If Mika actually listened to his words and… went further with Yuu that night, Yuu might explode from his turbulent, bursting feelings.

“Shinoa, can I stay with you tonight?” Yuu asked breathlessly. She blinked in surprise, searching his pleading eyes and smiling slowly once she recovered from her shock. Then, she reached up and patted his head like a doting mother.

“There, there. I’ll let my father know.” She rubbed his head, rustling his hair comfortingly as she went on, “Make sure to contact your dad too, Yuu-san.” 

“Thank you,” Yuu responded with a long sigh, his head dropping as Shinoa pulled her hand away. She stood up and left the room to tell her father, and while he was left alone, Yuu pulled out his phone and tried to relax.

Despite his attempts to distract himself, he still found himself thinking about Mika. What would it be like to interact with Mika now? Would they still get along after this? Would things change or be the same? Yuu’s mind spun and spun, not giving him a chance to rest.

His thoughts went on, spinning nonstop through the night. Yuu tossed and turned in his futon, even as Shinoa slept soundly beside him. He couldn’t stop sighing, thinking too much about Mika. He couldn’t help but imagine what it would be like to kiss him, to touch him even more, to have their bodies pressed flush together. His face burned with the thought and he curled up tightly, trying to force his heart to calm down so he could rest.

Yuu realized it was sort of a futile effort. He had a hard time sleeping that night anyways.
 
***




Mika was in a similar state, unbeknownst to Yuu.

He was curled up in their bed, staring at the door as if Yuu would come home in the middle of the night. Guren told him that Yuu was staying over at Shinoa’s place, and Mika knew exactly why he was. He was probably too embarrassed to face Mika after their encounter in the chairman’s office.

Their encounter… 

Mika closed his eyes and the various moments of intimacy they had replayed in his head. His heart pounded at the memory of Yuu, pressed up against the wall, skin flushed red and eyes shimmering with shock as Mika came closer and closer. He was entranced with Yuu’s adorable expression, his soft lips and silky hair. How he wanted to run his hands all over Yuu and listen to every cute sound that fell from his lips.

Mika turned over, gazing at the empty half of the bed.

It was cold. Mika frowned, not liking the lack of Yuu’s body heat. He reached over and pulled Yuu’s pillow close, burying his nose into it and smelling the scent of Yuu’s shampoo. He sighed, feeling at ease when his senses were filled with rose and sandalwood, his heart flickering with a little spark of hope.


Yuu-chan… come back soon.

 
***
 
The next day at school, Yuu was even more zoned out than usual. He kept staring at the back of Mika’s head, slumped against his desk, entirely unable to concentrate. Yuu wasn’t just spacing out because of any old distraction like birds outside the window or watching some other student trying not to fall asleep. He was genuinely unable to think about anything... besides Mika.

The first half of the day went by in a blur, and before Yuu knew it, the students were dismissed for lunch. At this time, Mika left the classroom without a glance to Yuu. Knowing it wasn’t meant to be cruel, Yuu tried not to let it get to him, but he found himself sighing and placing his face on the flat, hard surface of his desk anyways. He felt queasy at thoughts of Mika and how he would talk to him, or what he would even say. Yuu was nervous that Mika didn’t actually feel the same way, that he was just teasing around, that he only wanted a one-night stand. The possibilities were endless.


If that was the case… he would have had his way already, right? 

A logical voice spoke the probable truth in Yuu’s head, but he couldn’t help himself and quickly get worried and worked up again. Yuu groaned out loud and closed his eyes, trying to dismiss the thoughts from his head to no avail. 

Noticing his turmoil, Shinoa leaned over and peered at his conflicted expression with pity in her brown eyes. “Are you really all right, Yuu-san?” Shinoa asked, doubt in her usually playful tone.

“Yeah, I’m fine, I’m fine.” Yuu paused and closed his eyes once again, this time attempting to think calmly about it all. It was a failed attempt; the mere idea of facing Mika made his heart pound uncomfortably fast. He scrunched his nose and sighed softly in defeat. He was going to just keep running away, even though he told himself he wouldn’t do that anymore. Yuu murmured, “By the way, can I stay over again today?"

“Sure!” Shinoa replied cheerfully, smiling widely at the idea. “I like the company.”

Feeling relieved, Yuu exhaled and relaxed. Before he could sit up and thank Shinoa, she made a small humming sound of intrigue.
“Oh? It’s the Vice President.”

“Hyakuya Yuuichirou!”

Yuu tensed at the sound of a loud voice calling out his name. He moved so his other cheek was pressed against the desk, gazing at the guy yelling at him briefly before alarm seized his heart.It was Lacus- the Student Council Vice President.
Yuu jerked out of his seat immediately as Lacus began marching closer, eyes glittering with a strange expression that Yuu couldn’t instantly read. He didn’t look at him long enough to tell, anyways.

“Yuu-san, what did you do this time?” Shinoa inquired, appearing slightly bemused at the situation.

“Sorry, Shinoa!” Yuu stumbled out of his seat and made a run for it. “See ya later!”
“Huh!? Where are you going!?” Lacus stopped in his tracks, watching as Yuu bolted out of the room and charged down the halls. Yuu wasn’t sure where he was going, but as long as he could shake Lacus off his back, he would be fine. He just didn’t want to face the Student Council today- he might melt on the spot if he had to look at Mika right now!
“Wait up, Yuuichirou!” Lacus yelled, still chasing him down hall after hall. Yuu stumbled down the staircase and ran towards the courtyard, not sure what his plan of action was, but thinking maybe he could hide out in the bushes if nothing else. It was a stupid idea, but he was sometimes a stupid kid. He didn’t know what he was doing in the end.

“You- yesterday, you were in the chairman’s office with the President, right!?”
Hearing this had Yuu staggering to a halt. He froze up, his heart pounding in sudden fear. How would Lacus know about something like that? Was he there when they were in the office together…? Yuu’s cheeks began to color with embarrassment and he waited, standing still as Lacus approached behind him.
“Y-You finally stopped…!” Lacus sighed out shakily as he struggled to catch his breath. “Now, behave and tell me about-”

Yuu turned around swiftly and pressed his hand against Lacus’s mouth, shutting him up effectively. Lacus’s muffled voice was warm and damp against the palm of his hand, making Yuu’s nose scrunch up with discomfort, but it was necessary. Yuu glanced to the side and quietly said, “C-Can we discuss this tomorrow, outside of school?”
When Lacus agreed, Yuu lowered his hand so they could make a plan of where to meet. Once they settled on a cafe and a time, Yuu dealt with the rest of the school day and stayed at Shinoa’s place for another nearly-sleepless night. 
***
 
Yuu shuffled through the few outfits he brought with him to Shinoa’s after school now that he had changed out of his uniform. He had to wear something else after all, since it was against school rules to make stops anywhere in their uniforms. Yuu was meeting with the Vice President himself, so naturally he wasn’t going to break that rule this time around.

“You should go home first, shouldn’t you?” Shinoa asked as she sat at her desk, flipping through a magazine lazily. Yuu pulled an outfit out from Shinoa’s wardrobe, where he had temporarily hung up his clothes.

“Sorry… I keep relying on you, Shinoa.” Yuu eyed the shirt he pulled out and frowned, then set it back when he realized it didn’t quite match with his pants and accessories.

“Things are fun when you’re around, so I don’t mind, Yuu-san,” Shinoa said sweetly while looking over her shoulder at Yuu. “It’s just me and my dad most of the time, anyways. My siblings are all off in the busy adult world, handling their own lives.” Yuu smiled a bit, feeling glad he could provide Shinoa with some company while he temporarily lived at her place.

After he decided on an outfit, Yuu went out to the cafe and found Lacus sitting at a table off in the corner, sipping at a dainty cup of tea.

“Good grief, why am I wasting my weekend on the likes of you?” Lacus muttered, casting a disinterested stare in Yuu’s direction. Yuu laughed nervously and set his things down, and after ordering his drink returned to their table and took his seat.

“Uh, Vice President?” Yuu murmured, peering at him awkwardly as he attempted to start their conversation.
“Lacus Welt.” The other student sipped idly at his tea while fixing Yuu with a level gaze.
“Lacus, then…” Yuu said with a slightly shaky voice and an uncomfortable smile. “So, what did you need to talk about…?”
“I’ll get right to the point.” Lacus set his teacup down decisively, then raised his eyes to meet with Yuu’s attentive ones. Yuu gulped and stiffened in his seat at the rather intense gleam in Lacus’s eyes. Without further ado, Lacus boldly asked, “What happened between you and the President in the chairman’s office?”Yuu tensed up further and carefully studied Lacus’s eyes with a frown. Who was this guy… and how did he know about that interaction between Mika and Yuu? Most of all, how much did he know, and what was he plotting? Yuu stared at him nervously while trying to think of a way to avoid the question.“U-Um, now that I think about it, wouldn’t you be better off asking Mika?” Yuu suggested, reaching up and scratching his cheek nervously. He didn’t want to try and lie- Yuu knew from the past he was terrible at it. Not only that, but he truthfully couldn’t think of a casual excuse in time.
“Mika?” Lacus’s eyes flashed with surprise.

“Well, you’re both on Student Council…” Yuu pointed out, failing to notice the shock in Lacus’s expression in time. Lacus abruptly stood up and slammed his hands on the table, making Yuu flinch and cower back with shock.
“So you’re on a first-name basis with the President!?” Lacus snapped, leaning over the table to shove himself into Yuu’s face. “Just what is your relationship to him!?”
“Our relationship?” Yuu was frozen in place, eyes stretched wide as he desperately tried to cover up his casual manner of referring to Mika. So, naturally, he came up with the worst answer imaginable. “Classmates?”
“My class is right next to yours, so even I know that!” Lacus scolded, making Yuu clench his eyes shut in regret. Now feeling irritated at Lacus’s overly dramatic reactions, Yuu peered back at the Vice President with challenging eyes.
“And what are 

you

 to Mika, anyway!?” Yuu retorted in an attempt to divert the subject. Clearly feeling proud of his answer, Lacus backed up and placed his hand on his chest pompously as he gave his answer.


“I’ve 

been the President’s best friend since childhood!” Lacus bragged, to Yuu’s amazement and dismay.

“Huh? Seriously?” Yuu muttered, blinking a few times in surprise. He wasn’t expecting that sort of answer from the Vice President. 

“I’ve known him for over ten years already,” Lacus went on with a nostalgic expression in his eyes. “I’ve been watching over him since the day we met.” He paused for a moment, smiling fondly as if he was reflecting on a particular memory. Yuu blinked at him, tilting his head slowly. He wondered what sort of thing Lacus was recalling, but it wasn’t long before Lacus continued on and took his seat once again. “However, after a certain point, the President began speaking much less. He rarely talked about himself, which is why I’ve been worried about him.” He took another slow, long sip of tea, and Yuu sat in silence for a moment as he pondered Lacus’s words.

“Um… what point?” Yuu decided to ask while blinking curiously at Lacus. Suddenly looking very serious, Lacus set down his teacup and raised his eyes back to Yuu’s face.



Tensing his eyebrows and frowning gravely, Lacus said, “When his father left.”

Yuu’s eyes widened at this statement. His heart tensed and fluttered as he remembered the night Mika cried in his sleep, weakly murmuring for Shinya. Whatever happened between Mika and his father, Yuu had no idea. He often thought about it, but he felt too afraid to ask Mika out of the blue. Yuu sat in silence, eyes becoming glassy with emotions of sympathy and concern, but it didn’t last long before Lacus’s sharp, high-pitched voice cut into his thoughts.

“Anyway!” Lacus barked out. “That’s why I must ask about it at once! Now- what happened in the chairman’s office?”

Yuu tensed, bringing his knees close together under the table. He clutched the edge of the chair and looked down at his lap, feeling troubled for so many reasons. “Um… how’s Mika been acting lately?” Yuu decided to ask instead of answering Lacus’s invasive question. It was bothering him to think about it so much all day, anyways. 

“Another question?” Lacus complained, clearly exasperated over not getting the answer he wanted. Yuu didn’t care- whatever happened between him and Mika was personal. Yuu had no intentions of actually sharing the truth with Lacus, no matter what. After a moment of silence, Lacus slowly said, “He looked terribly confused after you ran out of the office. In fact, about as confused as when his father left. Maybe even… sad.”

Yuu froze up at this new information. He clenched his hands tightly as guilt chewed away at his heart from hearing Lacus’s words. If Mika looked confused and sad after their encounter, then that meant… 


I hurt Mika.


Yuu never considered that possibility, but maybe because Yuu ran away from him so quickly, Mika took it the wrong way. Even though Yuu didn’t know much about Mika, he was forcing his feelings onto Mika. Yuu kept his eyes lowered in shame at this realization, not wanting Lacus to see the regret in his expression.

“Do you understand now?” Lacus elaborated, a strange tone in his voice. “You bring pain upon the President when you see him. So please don’t show your face around him anymore.” Yuu frowned at his words, suddenly feeling an itching desire to act upon these negative feelings immediately. He stood up without speaking, a frown still on his face as he gathered his things and turned his back on Lacus.

“Huh? Wait, what-” Lacus stammered in shock as Yuu walked away silently and left the cafe. Yuu’s eyes were fixated on the sidewalk below his feet as he made his way back to the train station. He had no idea what to say or do yet, but he was going to go home. He could figure something out on the way back- he had time to consider what he would tell Mika.

“Wait right there!”
Yuu continued to walk despite Lacus’s shrill voice calling out after him. Lacus didn’t seem fazed by this and kept on noisily yelling, “You still haven’t answered my question!”
Yuu sighed and didn’t stop walking along to the station. He didn’t want to keep talking to Lacus, not when he could use this time to go fix things with Mika and clear up any misunderstandings. Honestly, Yuu shouldn’t have been so vague when he talked back to Mika in the office. Surely his words could have been heard differently than he intended them to sound.

Yuu glanced up as he walked ahead and his eyes met accidentally with those of another person’s. They were striking and blue, and Yuu was so surprised he stopped in his place, lips parting with shock at the sight of Mika. Mika stared back at him, seeming just as surprised until his focus moved to the person quickly approaching behind Yuu.
“P-President! What a coincidence, seeing you here!” Lacus caught up to the two of them and skidded to a halt beside Yuu, who was still unmoving in his place. “I was called out here by Yuuichirou. I gave him a harsh talking-to today!”
Yuu turned away, tensing up with nervousness. His heart had already begun to race at the sight of Mika, standing there so cooly and silently as he listened to Lacus’s rambling. He hadn’t figured out what to say to Mika yet, and he sure as hell wasn’t ready to talk right now!

“When are you coming home?” Mika’s question was directed clearly to Yuu and not Lacus. Yuu frowned, shifting between his feet, making sure his blushing face was out of Mika’s line of sight.

“I can’t,” Yuu responded softly.

“Huh?” Lacus flinched, and Yuu noticed from the corner of his eye that he was looking between Mika and Yuu incredulously.

Mika pressed on, sounding somewhat pleading. “Why not? It’s your home, right, Yuu-chan?”

Yuu’s breath hitched at the nickname and he flinched, eyes raising from the ground to look straight ahead. His cheeks instantly burned hotter, his heart pounding in excitement at the sound of his name spoken so sweetly. Mika sounded so tender, making Yuu feel even more terrible for avoiding him for so many days already. He quickly gathered himself and pursed his lips in thought.

“Isn’t it your home now, too?” Yuu responded gently, turning his head slightly so Mika could hear him more clearly.

“U-Um, what’s going on here?” Lacus blurted out and interrupted them, dumbfounded as he rapidly looked between them.

“I haven’t told you yet, Lacus,” Mika finally acknowledged the Vice President, his icy blue eyes shifting to focus on the purple-haired boy. “We’re family now.”
“Wh-What!?” Lacus nearly screeched his response, looking terribly stricken at such news. It was almost funny- Yuu would have laughed were he not so wrapped up in his own turbulent emotions. Mika regarded Lacus boredly, and it wasn’t long before he focused his eyes back on Yuu. Their eyes met again, so Yuu winced and turned away instinctively out of shyness.
“Well, I’m going on ahead,” Mika announced after Yuu refused to look at him. Alarmed, Yuu looked up and noticed as Mika turned away and started to leave. Yuu jerked himself out of his daze, realizing that he couldn’t keep running away like this- he told himself he would stop doing that!

“Wait, Mika!” Yuu’s feet guided him automatically, causing him to rush after Mika’s retreating form. After he made it a few steps, he stopped and looked over his shoulder at Lacus. Although Lacus had been pretty annoying, he had helped Yuu to learn more about Mika today, and Yuu was grateful for at least that much.

“Ah, Lacus!” Yuu smiled at Lacus, who jerked out of his shocked state and met Yuu’s eyes. “Thanks for today!” 
Then, Yuu turned and ran to Mika, easily catching up with him. Once at his side, Yuu peered at him cautiously. Mika didn’t seem confused or upset like Lacus was making him out to be, but then again, Lacus had known him for much longer. Yuu still didn’t know what to say, so they got on the train together in silence.
Once on the train, Yuu and Mika stood some distance apart, holding onto the handles dangling from the ceiling. Mika was focused on a book that he held in one hand, and Yuu looked at his profile, feeling his heart begin to pound. Mika’s jaw was perfectly shaped, his lips were so soft and Yuu had been so darn 

close

 to them before. The memory had his cheeks warming up as he thought about it.

He wanted to kiss Mika more than anything.

Yuu felt a pull towards the boy next to him. Mika was barely a few centimeters taller than him, yet Yuu felt small from how shy he was feeling. He slowly inched himself closer, glancing hesitantly out of the corner of his eye until he released one of the handles and latched onto the one that hung down closest to Mika’s.

Mika glanced at him from the corner of his eye. Yuu immediately looked at his feet and listened to the way his heart pounded faster and harder in his ears, not wanting to meet his eyes. After staring at Yuu for a moment in silent wonder, Mika went back to reading his book. Yuu risked studying his profile once again.

Mika looked relaxed, his gemlike eyes focused on the pages of his novel. Yuu swallowed tensely, admiring the curls of his eyelashes and the delicate shape of his eyebrows. His skin looked like porcelain- so smooth and delicate. His wavy hair brushed against his pale cheeks like wispy feathers, making Yuu’s fingers itch to touch them.
Yuu noticed how Mika didn’t appear to be mad, even if he was as quiet as ever. His silence was comforting to Yuu- maybe they could bring up their most recent encounter in a less awkward context at home. Yuu sighed softly and closed his eyes, deciding to simply enjoy Mika’s warm presence beside him for the time being. 
***
 
“Ah, I’m so happy!” Yuu fell back against his bed, a wide, relieved smile spreading on his face. He had missed his own room, even though he was absent from it for a few days voluntarily. Nothing felt better than laying on his own bed after days of being apart from it.

“It’s a shame the bed will be less roomy now,” Mika remarked lightly, and Yuu thought he noticed a teasing gleam in his eye. Yuu looked at him with a small pout as Mika slid under the covers with a sigh.
The realization hit him like a bus: they were in the same bed again after what Yuu had done in the office.
Yuu’s focus locked onto Mika, who had his eyes closed and was lying peacefully against his pillow, like a true angel. Yuu’s eyes trailed down to his lips, then down to his throat, where Yuu noticed the subtle bump of his Adam’s apple. His eyes went lower, eager to see defined collarbones, but the comforter was pulled up too high for Yuu to see.

Yuu’s eyes trailed back up to Mika’s face. With a start, he noticed that Mika’s eyes had peeked open and he was staring at Yuu with arched eyebrows. Yuu flinched as Mika asked softly, “What?”

“Ah, no, nothing!” Yuu stammered and rolled over as a blush colored his face red. He hadn’t realized he had been staring so intently at Mika, and worst of all, Mika noticed it before he could look away. Yuu realized amidst his embarrassment that he still needed to apologize for being ambiguous before when he told Mika to stop holding back, but fear wormed stubbornly in his gut. What if he really had hurt Mika…? What if what Lacus said was true?

“Yuu-chan.”

“Y-Yes!” Yuu sat up abruptly with a shaky voice, then turned over to see that Mika was already sitting up and looking at him.

“About what happened in the chairman’s office…” Mika began, his voice soft and hesitant. Yuu’s heart sped up in fear and he lowered his head, feeling flustered and humiliated at the mention of the memory.

“Ah, um, about that…” Yuu paused, unsure of how to keep going, and instead settled with squeezing his eyes shut, feeling too nervous to look at Mika directly.

“You don’t need to worry about apologizing,” Mika dismissed with a small, apologetic smile on his face. Yuu’s eyes snapped open and he looked up, lips parted with surprise and question. Mika glanced to the side, his own pale cheeks dusting pink. The sight was so gorgeous that Yuu realized he was holding his breath, entranced by the beautiful man before him.

“I think I pushed you into it, too,” Mika admitted, eyes steadily raising back up to meet with Yuu’s widened ones.
“B-But, I wasn’t thinking about how you felt,” Yuu responded hesitantly. “Um…” Yuu trailed off, realizing he didn’t know what else to say. Mika wasn’t acting particularly upset, so for Yuu to assume such a thing based off of Lacus’s claim was a little strange of him. If anything, Mika looked… amused. Yuu stayed silent as he wondered what to say, but before he could speak up, Mika released a small sigh and closed his eyes.
“You won’t let this go until you get some kind of closure, I take it,” Mika stated, a small smile lifting his lips. His eyes slowly parted open and they glittered deep blue, mischievous and passionate. Yuu froze in his place, watching with bated breath as Mika leaned close and raised his cool hand to cup the side of Yuu’s face. The touch was startling against the burning heat of Yuu’s cheek. He gulped, staring at Mika as the alluring man before him lowly murmured, “You said you wanted me to stop holding back.”

Yuu’s brain short-circuited from the seductive tone of voice Mika has just used. Right. Yuu had indeed said that. Yuu’s lips parted and closed again uselessly, his skin flushing hotter as Mika trailed his thumb delicately along the soft curve of Yuu’s blushing cheek. It made him shiver from the tender, subtle sensation, and he began to feel dizzy with how intensely his heart was pumping in his chest.

Just then, Yuu noticed something crucial: Mika was looking at his lips. Yuu’s heart began pounding louder than it ever had from the implication of Mika’s focus.

“T-Then… if you don’t mind… u-uh…” Yuu stammered breathily, his eyes darting around everywhere besides Mika. He squeezed his thighs together and fidgeted, wondering if this was truly the moment he had been dreaming of. He had asked Mika to stop teasing him after all, so… did that mean Mika wouldn’t back away this time…? Mika was still, watching Yuu closely, and so he meekly spoke again. “... kiss me…?”

Yuu’s anxious thoughts instantly dispersed as Mika began leaning in, a little smile on his face before he closed his eyes. Yuu did the same and shivered, sensing Mika’s warm breath on his skin, and he tilted his head slightly in anticipation.
And then, it happened.
Yuu listened to the hammering of his own heart as Mika’s soft, plush lips pressed against his own, feather-light, gentle and chaste. It was driving Yuu crazy- he was so worked up over a simple touch of lips. It was so sweet and mild, so hesitant that Yuu wanted to melt into the sheets from how flustered he felt. 

Then, after a moment of lingering there, Mika gradually pulled back, his eyes glassy and his face burning up as red as Yuu’s own. It made Yuu so happy to see him blushing so much- seeing such a shy expression on Mika’s face made Yuu realize that Mika was just as excited and flustered about this as Yuu was, even if he didn’t express his feelings the same way.

“Good night,” Mika whispered, then let his hand fall from Yuu’s face. Without waiting another second, Mika turned over and hid his face away from Yuu, leaving Yuu sitting there in silence, dazed and flushed hot red to his ears.

“A-Ah- Mika…!?” Yuu blurted out, his voice on the edge of a whimper. He reached up and touched his own lips, amazed that he just received his first kiss, and there was no way he could easily calm down after such an event. He stared at the back of Mika’s head, his own thoughts spinning and spiraling out of control. He blabbered his messy thoughts out loud, to Mika’s dismay. “W-Wait, you- you just- we- you a-and I just ki-ki-kiss-”

“Be quiet,” Mika whispered sharply while seemingly shrinking into the covers. He seemed embarrassed more than anything else. Realizing this, Yuu blushed deeper and threw himself against the bed, shaking the mattress with the force of his landing.

“G-Good night!” Yuu yelled his response much louder than necessary.

Yuu laid there and began smiling giddily as he replayed the moment in his head. He was so happy he could barely stand it, but he knew it was late and they couldn’t talk about it now. That was fine with Yuu, just for now. He cureld up rightly, hardly able to relax due to the pounding of his heart.

Soon, the pounding became a soft, gentle thumping, and it helped lull Yuu to a relaxed state, fading his thoughts into the darkness of sleep.
 
***
“My, you’re up early today,” Guren remarked as soon as Yuu appeared in the kitchen the following day. Yuu rubbed at his eyes as came closer, drawn in by the scent of sausages sizzling on a pan. He yawned and blinked blearily at Guren, who was standing in front of the stove, apron tied around his waist as he prodded at the sausages with his spatula.
“I wanted to go to school with Mika, so I have to get up earlier,” Yuu said while trying to stifle a yawn. “He always has to be there early for Student Council stuff.” Guren fixed him with a curious look, eyebrows arched with intrigue.

“I see…” Guren murmured, then turned back to the food. Yuu grinned and stretched out his shoulders while shuffling to the dining room table to eat a good breakfast. Mika joined him a few moments later, still his silent self, but clearly content as they ate their meal. After Yuu went and changed into his uniform, they headed out and began their walk to school.

“Going to school this early is a new feeling!” Yuu remarked while stretching his hands far above his head, a bright smile on his face as he walked just a pace or two in front of Mika. He gazed around, noticing how the streets were less busy, for most people wouldn’t be starting their commute for another half hour or so. “The scenery looks completely different!” Yuu was about to turn and ask Mika about the quiet morning crowds when he noticed a familiar person not too far ahead.

The Vice President stood at the edge of the crosswalk, waiting for the light to change. Yuu raised his hand and yelled, “Lacus! Good morning!”
This certainly got the attention of the other student. He turned around, scowling as he replied loudly, “Hyakuya Yuuichirou! You’re invading my precious commute time with the President!”
Yuu laughed awkwardly at his brash words, glancing at Mika hesitantly. Mika simply looked tired, so Yuu assumed this was how he usually behaved. Without saying anything, Mika sighed and joined Lacus’s side, putting the purple-haired man between himself and Yuu.

“Are you sure this is okay, President?” Lacus remarked sourly, facing Mika with a frown. “For council members to be walking with this student?” Yuu stopped paying attention to what Lacus was saying, becoming distracted with the intricate way that his hair was tied into a bun. He blinked and tilted his head owlishly, humming under his breath as he reached out with extended fingers to experimentally touch Lacus’s hair.

“It’s fine, since there’s no one else around at this hour,” Mika replied evenly. As he answered Lacus, Yuu poked at Lacus’s bun, making a soft sound of satisfaction as he felt the firm way his hair held itself together.

“That’s not the problem…!” Lacus complained, glaring at Yuu through the corner of his eye. He swatted Yuu’s hand away briskly as he snapped, “Why are you touching me?” 

“I like the way you style your hair,” Yuu responded simply, finger tapping on his own chin with intrigue. “I don’t think the style would look good on me, but purple is a nice color…”

“Like you’re one to talk!” Lacus shrugged further away from him and shot a sharp glare in his direction. After giving Yuu a once-over look, he scolded, “You’re a walking rules violation! When will you-”

“Oh, by the way, Mika…” Yuu turned back to the blond as a thought suddenly came to his mind, leaving Lacus’s rant hanging in the air unfinished. Lacus halted in his tracks, shocked at the way Yuu had simply interrupted him and focused back to Mika. Before he could reply, Yuu rushed up to Mika’s side and placed a his hand on his shoulder. “When I came back from changing into my uniform this morning, I saw you helping Guren with making the bentos for today… so thank you!”

“I don’t need you to thank me for that,” Mika regarded calmly.

“It’s fine, it’s fine! Take it!” Yuu insisted with a playful smile. “Oh, and I also noticed that you rearranged some of my bookshelves while I was gone, I really appreciate it! They were so messy...”

“You should reflect on your own actions more,” Mika said with a sigh. Then, he turned teasing eyes to Yuu, who tensed up as Mika went on and said, “If Guren had found what sorts of books you have, I don’t know what he’d think. You’re free to buy what manga you please, but be more careful of where you put them.”

Yuu felt his entire face burn up hotly and he choked on nothing but air for a split second. He turned his face away and covered his cheeks with his hands, wanting to melt into the ground as Mika let out a low, amused chuckle.

“President! What’s this about a manga!?” Lacus barged between them, shoving Yuu out of the way with a forceful push. Yuu regained his footing immediately, eyes wide with alarm and fear. Mika looked up at Yuu, a slightly smug smile on his lips- he clearly considered telling Lacus about the yaoi manga and exposing Yuu’s shameful purchase.


No, anything but the yaoi!

 Yuu tried to desperately convey his feelings to Mika, but Mika only regarded him with a raised eyebrow. Yuu panicked and waved his hands around wildly to distract Lacus from the topic.

“Ah! That’s-...!” Yuu rushed up behind Mika and hurriedly placed his hands on his shoulders, then began pushing so Mika walked faster. They went on ahead with Yuu laughing nervously the entire way, squeezing Mika’s shoulders anxiously. “It’s… a secret between Mika and I! Right, Mika?” 

“Yes,” Mika said with a sly smile, peering over his shoulder curiously at Yuu. Once they were far enough ahead, Yuu released his shoulders and joined his side again, exhaling heavily as his heart rate started to level out again. He glared stubbornly at Mika and muttered quietly, “Did you look through it some more?”

“I wanted to learn about your interests,” Mika responded smoothly, still appearing flirtatious and amused. Yuu grimaced as his blush burned hotly on his face once more.
Lacus was far behind them now, watching their backs with narrowed, envious eyes. 
***




The sun was setting in the late afternoon once school was dismissed. Mika was alone in the Student Council office, flipping through documents and checking to make sure everything was in order before he headed home.
He was glad today was a normal day and that he didn’t need to concentrate particularly hard on anything. Feeling grateful for his isolation, Mika took a deep breath and smiled as he allowed his mind to get carried away. His heart beat and fluttered quickly, making him rosy and warm with happiness.
Mika couldn’t believe he kissed Yuu last night. The memory had been repeating in his mind all day long. He couldn’t stop thinking of the way Yuu stammered over his words, how he was so warm against the palm of Mika’s hand, how his eyes had sparkled when Mika began leaning in. Mika remembered the way he could smell a slight scent of the rose-scented soap Yuu usually used, and he adored the way Yuu’s hair was still slightly damp from his bath.

Mika’s stomach swooped with happiness and longing. He was falling hard at this point and he knew it. Acknowledging it had Mika smiling widely to himself as his heart beat harder, warming his cheeks with a comfortable blush.

Then, the door opened, and Mika was forced to drop his feelings and put up his facade immediately. Mika noticed a familiar figure standing in the doorway from the corner of his eye. Mika straightened up without looking up from his papers.

Lacus finally spoke after he stood in the doorway for a moment. “Our after-school inspection is over.” After shutting the door behind him, he walked over calmly, approaching Mika step by step. “All the students have gone home.”

“Good work,” Mika said calmly, ignoring how Lacus was coming closer and closer. His eyes widened when Lacus’s hand snaked around his shoulders and he leaned close, his cheek brushing Mika’s hair. Mika simply stiffened with confusion.

“When we were younger…” Lacus murmured, his voice low and close to Mika’s ear, “I used to style your hair in all sorts of ways, President.” His hand raised to lightly comb through Mika’s fluffy hair, and the sensation might have been soothing if it wasn’t… in such an odd context. Mika blinked, still tense with apprehension. What was Lacus up to now?

“Yes, you did,” Mika responded wearily.



“I love your hair, President,” he sighed, his breath rustling Mika’s hair. Mika frowned, wanting to put some space between them. “It’s so wavy and fluffy… with my boring straight hair, I have to style it up to look nice, but you don’t even need to try. I’m jealous.” He nuzzled his nose into the blond locks, making Mika shift and try to scoot away without being rude.

“What’s with you today? You’re acting strange,” Mika muttered, sending a guarded look in Lacus’s direction. Lacus regarded him for a moment, eyes unreadable and dark. Mika blinked, tense and waiting for his response, and suddenly Lacus came to the front of his chair and stood there decisively. Mika pressed back into his chair, eyes wide as Lacus crawled onto his lap and leaned in, a smirk on his face.

“What are you doing?” Mika hissed, his eyes narrowed as he placed his hands against Lacus’s chest and pushed him back. “We’re working, stop fooling around!”

“We’ve been best friends since we were little,” Lacus whispered, leaning in despite Mika’s clear resistance. “I know you best. Please look at me, President- no, Mika…”

Mika shoved him back,

 hard.

 Lacus gasped as he stumbled back, nearly tripping over his own feet. Glaring harshly, Mika stood on his own two feet, icy eyes glimmering with fury.
“Mika…?” Lacus whispered, eyes round with hurt.
“Lacus, if you’re going to confess your feelings, forcing yourself on me is not the way to do it,” Mika spat out, his face tense with distaste. “And I’m sorry, but my heart belongs to someone else.”

“Is it that student?” Lacus narrowed his eyes and lowly said,

 “Hyakuya Yuuichirou?”


Mika studied his face, chin raised confidently. Barely suppressing his anger at the way Lacus spoke Yuu’s name, Mika hissed, “And so what if it is?” 

Lacus narrowed his eyes and clicked his tongue. He stood up abruptly. “He doesn’t have a chance with you.”



“That’s not up to you to decide,” Mika snapped back at him. Lacus simply huffed and stuck his chin high in the air. Then, he stormed out of the room before another word could be said. Mika watched as he ran away, a troubled feeling in his chest.

Lacus was his friend, but he had just acted out of line. Mika wasn’t sure how to forgive him for it, especially for the way he said Yuu’s name like he was as disgusting as an insect to him. Mika sat back in his chair and sighed heavily, thinking it best to stay here a while longer and calm down before he went home.

He wasn’t sure if he could talk to Yuu without revealing his anger at Lacus, either. For that reason, Mika went to bed early that night. He was fast asleep before Yuu returned home that night from hanging out with Shinoa. 
 
***




“Hyakuya Yuuichirou. We need to talk.”

Yuu turned away from Shinoa, slightly annoyed that their conversation during lunch was interrupted the next day during class. His eyes met those of the Vice President’s, who stood in the doorway of his classroom, hands on his hims commandingly. Yuu blinked at him strangely, not understanding what caused him to show up so suddenly and demandingly like this.

“You sure are popular, Yuu-san,” Shinoa remarked while smirking with amusement. She nudged Yuu’s arm and teased, “Maybe he’s going to confess to you.”
“Man…” Yuu muttered awkwardly and rubbed at his head reluctantly. Was Lacus never going to leave him alone about what happened that one day in the chairman’s office? He stared at Lacus with a frown, but Lacus didn’t budge and simply waited for him to get up and approach him.
Realizing Lacus wouldn’t leave until they talked, Yuu caved in to his request. With a defeated sigh, Yuu hauled himself to his feet and followed Lacus out of the classroom. Sure enough, Lacus lead Yuu to the courtyard, under the shade of a large tree. It was where Yuu had run away to before, and definitely a place they wouldn’t be interrupted or easily overheard.

“Hey, Lacus…” Yuu started to speak, questions floating in his mind about why Lacus was still trying to talk about this stale topic. “Enough about the chairman’s office.” 

“That’s not the issue here,” Lacus dismissed his concerns while turning away from Yuu with a serious expression.

“Huh? You mean it’s seriously a love confession?” Yuu gawked, his cheeks coloring red with embarrassment. He couldn’t bear to think about anyone else liking him other than Mika, and he could hardly handle that much.
“I guess so,” Lacus confirmed quietly.“Th-This is awkward…” Yuu trailed off, his face burning as he became flustered. Lacus sharply brought his focus back to Yuu.
“I’m not confessing to you!” He snapped, clearing Yuu’s embarrassment away immediately. Yuu stared at him, wide-eyed with confusion and partially relief.

“Then why…?” Yuu murmured. Lacus straightened up and took a deep breath to gain his composure. He set his eyes sternly on Yuu, making Yuu rub his lips together uncomfortably from how intensely he was staring at Yuu.

“Yesterday, I finally crossed a line with the President.” 

Silence settled between them as Yuu stared at Lacus. His mind went blank with complete confusion- he was stunned.
What did he even mean? He wasn’t saying that… no, there was no way. Yuu quickly became very uncomfortable with the implication.
“A-A line?” Yuu repeated. When he was answered with silence, Yuu rambled on, “What are you talking about? Mika didn’t say anything…”

“Of course he wouldn’t say anything,” Lacus dismissed, his eyes glinting dangerously. He stepped closer to Yuu, invading his space and making Yuu stagger back awkwardly. “Even if 

you

 love the President, he still doesn’t think of you as anything more than family.”
“Wh-What are you saying?” Yuu glanced away from Lacus, shifting awkwardly from foot to foot. “It’s not about loving him.”
“Oh, is that so?” Lacus said with a sneering tone of voice that made Yuu’s skin crawl. “Guess I misunderstood, then.” He stood up and flipped a lock of his hair over his shoulder. “In that case, please give our relationship your everlasting support!” He strode past Yuu, smirking as he said, “Okay, 

Yuu-chan?”


Yuu stood there in shock, eyes wide as he was left alone in the courtyard.

There was no way that was true. After all… Mika had kissed him.

It 

couldn’t

 be true… right?
 
***
 
These thoughts continued to bother him all day, throughout the rest of his classes and on the commute home. Nothing added up. There was no reason Yuu should feel so nervous, but he couldn’t help himself from feeling so anxious and high-strung. His stomach felt heavy and uncomfortable at the mere 

thought

 of Mika with anyone else.

This couldn’t go on, so Yuu decided he would ask Mika upfront that night. He was determined to get some answers- there couldn’t be a misunderstanding that put a rift in their budding relationship. Thinking this, Yuu poked his head in the bathroom, watching as Mika finished brushing his teeth. While peering at him curiously, Yuu lightly said, “Hey, Mika.”

Mika looked to him, his expression silent and questioning. Yuu stepped into the bathroom, a casual smile on his face. “When Lacus called me out today, he said a lot of strange things. I honestly, seriously don’t get it, so I’ll ask you. Did something happen yesterday…?”

“Something?” Mika blinked at him vacantly.

“Y-Yeah!” Yuu perked up, shuffling awkwardly from side to side. “Uhm. You know. Like… did you two… do anything?”

Mika tensed his eyebrows, a frown pulling on his lips. “We worked. Why are you so curious? What did Lacus say?”
“A-Ah, it was nothing!” Yuu blurted out awkwardly, immediately feeling stupid for bringing anything up. He waved his hands and turned to leave the bathroom. “Don’t worry about it-”
Yuu froze in his place as Mika’s arms wrapped around him from behind. The situation slowly caught up to Yuu and he tensed up, his face warming up considerably from their contact. Mika leaned in, his breath warm against Yuu’s skin as he murmured softly into his ear. The sensation had Yuu shuddering ever so slightly.

“Yuu-chan, there’s no need to be jealous over anything,” Mika assured him, his arms tightening around Yuu’s waist.
“J-Jealous? I’m not…!” Yuu protested softly as his heart began to speed up. His ears suddenly felt hot as his blush spread across his face. He added in a low murmur, “I was just wondering was all…” Yuu’s eyes widened as Mika released him, then turned him around so that they were face to face. Yuu gulped, feeling even more flustered now that Mika could see his reddening cheeks clearly.
Mika pulled Yuu flush against his body by his waist, causing Yuu to yelp softly and grip tightly onto Mika’s arms. “Mika…?”

Yuu squeezed his eyes shut as Mika leaned in, not sure what to expect. His breath hitched slightly as he felt Mika pressing a soft kiss to Yuu’s flushed cheek. It was so simple and gentle- Yuu wanted to slip away and hide under some blankets for all eternity.
“You’re so cute, Yuu-chan.” Mika’s whisper was ticklish against his skin, and then Mika loosened his grip and rubbed Yuu’s side tenderly. “And please don’t easily assume I would do this with others ever again.” Then, he walked out of the bathroom, leaving Yuu standing there with a racing heart and tingling hot skin.
Mika didn’t see it, but Yuu stood there for some time, smiling brightly down at the floor. Relief made him feel as light as air- he was silly to have doubted anything to begin with.
 
***
 
The following day at school, Yuu left Shinoa on her own to go bring bentos to Mika for them to share. Yuu was particularly excited, since he made Mika’s bento all on his own today, and he was thrilled to share it with him. With a warm smile, Yuu headed out of the classroom with the bentos stacked on top of each other, each wrapped in cute, patterned cloth.

Up ahead, he saw a head of familiar purple hair. Yuu frowned, his heart tensing up immediately. “Lacus…”
Hearing his own name, the student in question turned around with curious eyes. As soon as he noticed it was Yuu who had spoken, he scowled and snippily said, “Hyakuya Yuuichirou.” Yuu frowned and picked up his pace, walking past Lacus with his head raised high. He couldn’t get distracted right now.
“Where are you going?” Lacus asked as Yuu started to pass him by.
“Mika forgot his lunch, so I’m just bringing it to him,” Yuu stated proudly. Lacus regarded him silently, and Yuu could feel his eyes boring into the back of Yuu’s skull. Lacus quickly caught up with Yuu despite Yuu’s elevated pace.
“Really? Even after how strongly I warned you not to go near the President?” Lacus inquired, but it felt more like a jab at Yuu than a genuine question. Yuu felt exasperated and he raised his chin higher.

“I can’t help it. We live together.” Yuu was only stating facts, after all. Lacus huffed in response, glaring at the bento boxes in Yuu’s hands.

“What about that other bento, then?” Lacus accused while glancing down at them, then brought his attention back up to Yuu’s face. “If you’re just delivering his, you don’t need yours, do you?”

“Lacus, you must really love your work if you eat lunch in the Student Council room,” Yuu retorted, just noticing the bento box clutched in Lacus’s own hands. This seemed to aggravate Lacus; he ran up ahead of Yuu and stopped in front of him, arm extended to prevent Yuu from walking any further.

“Enough with your evasiveness,” Lacus snapped, eyes glittering with challenge and pride. Yuu grimaced and stood still, glaring at him irritably. Lacus smirked and said, “The President and I have crossed a line together, remember?” 
Yuu’s face flushed hot at the implications, but it was more out of anger than anything. He knew Lacus was lying, but he didn’t want to admit that he had asked Mika about it. Instead, Yuu blurted out the next careless thought that came to mind. “T-Then I’ll cross that line, too!”
This shocked Lacus enough to freeze up, stunned enough to lose his words. Yuu took the opportunity to sidestep his extended arm and rush around him, then began running to the Student Council room, which was just down the hall. He ignored Lacus’s call to stop, especially when he heard Lacus chasing after him.
Yuu pushed the door to the room open and yelled, “Mika!”
At the exact same time, Lacus had called out, “President!” 

Yuu glared furiously at Lacus and shoved his way into the room, instead focusing on Mika, who sat at the end of the table with a stack of papers in front of him. Mika looked up, clearly shocked by the noisy interruption.

“You forgot your lunch, you know! Let’s eat together!” Yuu exclaimed, but his words were talked over by a particularly loud Vice President.

“Let’s discuss the baseball tournament next month while having lunch together!” Lacus said with a raised voice, clearly fighting to be heard by Mika. Yuu scowled at Lacus and brought his focus to his annoying competitor.
“No way, let him rest while he eats, at least!” Yuu narrowed his eyes at Lacus with exasperation.
“Things are much more efficient that way!” Lacus defended hotly. But then, his expression turned smug and he snickered. “Well, I suppose that’s something he could never do with

 you, 

though.”

“What!?” Yuu snapped, stepping closer to get up in Lacus’s face while glowering daringly. Lacus returned his heated, angry stare, baring his teeth in defiance.

“Be quiet.”

Both Yuu and Lacus froze and stopped their staring competition in favor of looking to Mika, who was squeezing his temples with his hand.

“You two eat lunch together.” Mika dropped his hand slowly, then turned over his shoulder, a silent, yet furious gleam in his cerulean gaze. “I still have work to do.”

Yuu gulped and nodded, suddenly feeling guilty for barging into Mika’s office without even thinking about his work. He likely had enough distractions at home, since Yuu wasn’t necessarily the most silent roommate. Without protest, the two walked out of Mika’s office quietly, eyes on the floor in mutual defeat.
They traveled in silence to the cafeteria, where after finding an empty table, they both sat down across from each other. Yuu laid his head against the table and Lacus did the same.
Yuu exhaled slowly, feeling disappointed that he couldn’t share his lunch with Mika. “This is because you made a fuss, Lacus.”

Lacus sat up, clearly offended by Yuu’s claim. Then, he went off on a total rant that Yuu hardly paid attention to. 

“You

 were the one making a nuisance of yourself! Besides, I will never allow you to interrupt my precious time with the President! You must realize where you currently stand.” Yuu closed his eyes, not truly listening to all the rambling sentences spilling from Lacus’s lips. Noticing the way Yuu zoned out, Lacus snapped, “Hey, are you listening to me?”
“Oh, Yuu-san!”Yuu opened his eyes and sat up at the sound of his name. He spotted Shinoa, who was grinning and walking towards their table with her favorite juice in hand. “So this is where you’ve been.”“Ah, Shinoa!” Yuu whined, grateful to see his best friend in these difficult times. She paused once she arrived to their table and eyed Lacus suspiciously.
“This is an unusual pairing,” Shinoa remarked. “When did you two become friends?”

“Do we seem like friends to you?” Lacus grumbled, glancing off to the side with the same irritable expression he always had. Shinoa shrugged and took her seat beside them, and without further ado, they opened their bentos and decided to eat lunch. Yuu gave up the lunch he made for Mika to Shinoa, who was very excited and had no idea how disappointed Yuu was about it.
“Oh, by the way,” Shinoa said once they were eating. She pulled out some tickets from the pocket in her blazer jacket. “Yuu-san, want to go to an amusement park? Next Sunday, maybe?”
“You two sure are taking it easy when exams are coming up soon,” Lacus noticed, giving a pointed stink-eye to Shinoa and Yuu.

“You wanna come, Vice President?” Shinoa said, extending a ticket to the purple-haired student. Lacus stared at the tickets, eyes wide before he swiftly looked away.
“Why would I?” Lacus huffed out his refusal. Shinoa peered at the tickets in thought.
“We should invite the President while we’re at it,” Shinoa said softly. This caused both Yuu and Lacus to turn to Shinoa abruptly.

“President!”

“Mika!”
Both of them yelled at the same time, causing Shinoa to flinch and peer at them with wide eyes.“Huh? What’s with the double act?” Shinoa blinked at them, but Yuu turned away from her to glare at Lacus. The other student was already staring at him challengingly. They silently battled with their eyes, but then Yuu broke eye contact when he sat down, so Lacus followed suit.It wouldn’t be a date with four of them, but… an amusement park with Mika sounded… really fun. Yuu’s heart fluttered at the thought of Mika sharing park snacks with Yuu. Maybe they could go on rides together, and maybe Yuu could win Mika a stuffed animal in a game. Yuu was already getting excited at his own ideas.
“The President probably won’t be able to make it,” Lacus interrupted his dreamy thoughts, making Yuu wince and glare at Lacus from across the table. Lacus went on, “He’s taken on the chairman’s work while he’s hospitalized, on top of his Student Council duties. He’s spending all his free time working.”

“What? That’s ridiculous for a student…!” Shinoa remarked, eyes widening in disbelief. “Is that even allowed?” When no one had an answer for her, she huffed and decided to fiddle with her lunch instead. “Ah, Yuu-san, have some of the lunch you gave me. I have to share, it’s just too tasty!”

Shinoa raised a piece of her lunch up on chopsticks to Yuu’s face, so Yuu turned his head and ate what she offered silently. It was the pickled radish he made this morning, which was one of Mika’s favorite foods, Yuu realized with a slightly mournful heart. Lacus fell awkwardly silent as this happened, and then with no warning, he lifted an accusing hand and pointed at Yuu.

“Hey! That’s an indirect kiss!” Lacus’s cheeks had colored red from witnessing such an act. Noticing this, Shinoa cast an amused glance to Yuu. “You and the President-” Shinoa took another piece of her radish and lifted it to Lacus, shoving it in his mouth before he could keep talking. Sufficiently silenced, Lacus chewed on the food, his eyes glaring stubbornly at Shinoa.

“You’re too serious, Vice President,” Shinoa teased. “Have some more pickled radish.”

As Shinoa continued to force-feed Lacus her radish, Yuu zoned out and inevitably pondered what an indirect kiss with Mika would be like. An image of Mika came to mind immediately, holding out a stick of pocky between his smirking lips. Yuu imagined nibbling on the other end, and together, they would nip away at the biscuit until they met in the center, their lips touching, and then… 

Yuu flushed red and shook his head back and forth to clear his thoughts. That was 

too

 direct. Plus, he needed to spend more time with Mika before he thought about them doing anything more intimate than what they had already done!

Yuu looked down at the tickets and picked one up. “I’ll try asking, even if he can’t make it.” Yuu pulled out his phone under the table and checked his schedule, but he noticed that tomorrow was a particularly special occasion.

Tomorrow was the day he visited his mother.
He wanted to go alone, but he also wanted to be closest to Mika. Even if Lacus had over 10 years of friendship under his belt… Yuu wanted to try and make an effort to be Mika’s favorite friend. Plus, he wanted Mika to meet his mother, so surely it would be okay to invite him along.
Making up his mind, Yuu slid his phone back into his pocket. He absolutely wouldn’t lose to Lacus in this odd competition they had going for Mika’s heart.

Yuu would be victorious, no matter what!




Chapter End Notes
Yeesh. So much drama.These kids are out of control. :P


Chapter 5
Chapter Summary
Yuu asks Mika to accompany him as he goes to see his mother.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“I’m home!”Yuu stepped inside after school that day, having returned late because he went out with Shinoa yet again. Feeling weary, he glanced around to make sure Mika wasn’t there to catch him wearing his uniform even though he made stops on the way home. Maybe Mika would let it slide for once- Yuu hoped that would be the case in the event that he found out about Yuu’s late return from school. He sure as hell didn’t want to spend hours cleaning a bathroom ever again. With a small sigh, Yuu removed his shoes as Guren greeted him, his voice calling out from the kitchen just around the corner.“Welcome home.” Yuu heard his voice as he stepped further inside and smiled at Guren, who was washing the dishes, then scanned the living room in search for a familiar blond. When he didn’t see him right away, he turned back to Guren confusedly.“Is Mika home?” Yuu asked, glancing down at the few letters and subscription magazines in his hands. “I stopped to check the mail and there’s a letter addressed to him from Shinya.”“Oh, yeah,” Guren gestured over his shoulder with his chin as he responded. “He’s in the bath.”Yuu nodded and trotted down the hall, making his way to the bathroom. Once he approached the foggy glass door, he stood there and called out, “Mika, there’s a letter from your father!” He glanced down at the envelope, head tilted with curiosity as he went on, “Where is this from? I’m kinda tempted to open it…”Yuu trailed off when he heard a large splash followed by what sounded like… really quick footsteps. He stood there, frozen and eyes wide as he saw a blurry shape appear right in the doorway- it was his only warning before the door was opened swiftly. Then suddenly, Yuu was facing a completely nude Mika, dripping wet with bathwater and face flushed pink from the hot steam.Mika’s brilliant eyes glimmered with anxiety, momentarily distracting Yuu from the seductive sight before him. “Don’t…!”“S-Sorry!” Yuu practically squeaked out, his face flushing hot at the sight of Mika completely naked in front of him. His eyes immediately averted before he could look at anything  too  closely- he only got a brief glimpse of his muscular stature, thin waist and long legs before he looked away out of embarrassment. Mika really was like a model- so beautiful and feminine, yet authoritative and muscular all at once. Having such an overwhelmingly attractive, borderline androgynous person standing right in front of him like this was just too much for his heart to handle.Yuu blabbered out a few more shaky words in a panic. “I wouldn’t seriously open someone else’s mail! I’ll set it on your desk, okay?” Without waiting for a proper response from Mika, Yuu bolted away and shut himself in their room.He leaned against the door heavily, his face burning hot from embarrassment and heart pounding rapidly. Mika didn’t look mad at him when he pondered opening the letter, per say, he just appeared to be… afraid. It made Yuu wonder more about the relationship he had with Shinya, and why he was so scared to talk about it with Yuu. Maybe he thought Yuu would see him differently. Whatever the reason, Yuu knew it wasn’t something he should ever talk about lightly or casually.After he caught his breath, Yuu eventually stood away from the door and made his way to Mika’s desk. There, he set the letter down on its surface and dared not to glance at it again for the rest of the night.When it was time to sleep, Mika got into bed quietly, looking more troubled than Yuu had anticipated. Yuu frowned and stayed sitting up in bed, head tilted with his cheek squished against his knees as he watched Mika tuck himself in with a deep sigh.“Hey, Mika…?” Yuu asked, blinking cautiously at Mika as he peeked his eyes open and peered at Yuu questioningly. Yuu chewed on his bottom lip and said slowly, “You’re not going to read the letter?”“I don’t know,” Mika said softly, then turned over, hiding his face from Yuu’s view. He assumed that was the end of his answer. Yuu’s heart sank, feeling that he had failed in trying to comfort Mika, so he leaned closer and tried a different approach.“H-Hey, would you come with me somewhere tomorrow? I want you to meet my mother.” Yuu stared at Mika’s shape under the covers in the dark, and he noticed Mika shifting slightly as he probably considered such an idea.“Why me?” Mika asked quietly.Yuu tensed, not truly sure if he had a solid answer. It wasn’t necessary that Mika came along- Yuu had gone alone quite often to see his mother- but he wanted company for once. Not only that, but Mika never once spoke of his mother, and his father… well. Their relationship was a messy, touchy subject. Yuu knew not to pry into that right then and there, but he wanted to provide Mika with some kind of comfort. They both had Guren, but things were complicated on Yuu’s end, too.Not that Mika knew much about it, but maybe he could find out a bit tomorrow.“All right,” Mika replied before Yuu could think of an actual answer to reply with. Yuu perked up, eyes wide at his acceptance of the idea. “If you really want me to… I will.”Yuu stared at the back of Mika’s head, rubbing his lips together as he tried to think of a way to thank him for agreeing to go with.But by the time he thought of something, Mika had drifted to sleep, peacefully breathing in and out. The sight of his body gently rising and falling had Yuu shifting himself into a similar position, and he gradually calmed down, slipping into a light sleep for the rest of the night. *** The following day, Mika and Yuu were on the train on their way to see Yuu’s mother. They stood side by side amongst the moderately-sized crowd, close but not close enough to actually be touching. The slight distance between them felt oddly large to Yuu, and he attempted to scoot over so he was nearer to Mika.It was his first date with Mika, after all… he didn’t want anything to go wrong. Yuu might not have framed their outing together as a date, but they were going out together and getting food before seeing his mom, so… it was basically a date in Yuu’s mind.As he got deep in thought, Mika was looking at him questioningly, likely wondering why Yuu was getting so worked up as the train made its next stop. Before he could ask anything, suddenly the two of them were being pulled apart against their will- there were so many people that the train was becoming packed wall-to-wall. Yuu’s eyes widened as he saw Mika being pushed away, his arm extended as he disappeared behind the shoulder of a tall man. No, I have to protect him!  Yuu grit his teeth and shouldered his way through the crowd, eyes narrowed as he squeezed between bodies and tried not to hurt or offend anyone. He reached out to Mika, grasping in the general direction that Mika was- and then, he grabbed hold of Mika’s hand. Recognizing the feeling of his smooth skin, Yuu yanked Mika close without a second thought.From this action their bodies were pressed flush together, bringing them nose-to-nose. Yuu froze as soon as they collided, his heart hammering at their sudden close proximity. There was no way to back up- they were trapped there behind the backs of many other people who all faced away from the pair. Yuu flushed hot and hid his face between Mika’s neck and shoulder, feeling way too embarrassed to stay face to face with Mika.“Yuu-chan?” Mika’s voice was low and soft, brushing ticklishly against his ear and causing Yuu to freeze up. His face burned hotter at the sensation, and with every exhale, Yuu fought back shivers. He curled his fingers in the material of Mika’s jacket, biting down on his lip as he squeezed his eyes shut. He caught a whiff of the addictive, alluring smell of Mika’s apple-scented shampoo; the scent combined with the warmth of Mika’s firm body against his made his knees weak.“Are you alright?” Mika’s voice was low and husky, causing a jolt to shoot up Yuu’s spine from how close he was and how his words smoothed over Yuu’s sensitive ear. “Ahn-!!”  Yuu flushed dark red and shoved his face into Mika’s shoulder, shaking weakly from the heat coursing through him. He clamped his jaw tightly together, not wanting to make another embarrassing sound ever again. However, Mika heard it, and Yuu nearly whimpered as Mika’s hands slid around his waist and squeezed lightly. Instead of speaking, Mika’s hold around Yuu tightened, and Yuu’s breath hitched as he felt Mika’s head tilt towards him.Then, Yuu gasped as he felt something slick and wet against his ear.Mika was-  licking  his ear and pulling it between his teeth. The sensations he felt were stimulating and exciting, causing Yuu to flinch and whimper softly, his skin burning impossibly hotter from the lewd, wet sounds he heard directly in his ear. He felt heat rushing downwards between his thighs, making him tingle and causing him to squeeze his legs together fearfully. Mika was teasing him out here while he was all worked up- of course he was going to get turned on! But despite this, he couldn’t get hard out here in public, of all places…!“M-Mika, not here…!” Yuu scolded softly, pushing back to glare into Mika’s eyes with a flushed red face. He quietly hissed, “Quit fooling around…!”“I’m not fooling around,” Mika insisted, eyes glimmering with passion. Yuu froze in his place, heart slamming his chest at Mika’s tender words. “I genuinely want to be with you, Yuu-chan…!”“W-What are you saying?” Yuu breathed in excitement and disbelief, his eyebrows tensing nervously. Hearing those words were too good to be true- Yuu immediately began filtering through all of the doubts in his mind that remained. Hesitantly, Yuu mentioned, “I know you said you didn’t do anything, but Lacus keeps insisting t-that you two crossed a line…”Mika frowned, studying Yuu’s eyes closely and seriously. His hands squeezed around Yuu’s waist reassuringly, causing Yuu to gulp and stare right back at him. Mika’s eyes were steady and comforting, and then he calmly said, “I don’t know what you’ve been imagining, but there’s nothing between Lacus and I. He probably changed his story to suit himself while telling you. … Although, you shouldn’t have been fooled by that, either.”Yuu felt himself blushing from head to toe from embarrassment. He was silly to even ask about it again- of  course  nothing had happened between Mika and Lacus… Mika had even told him that before. It wasn’t like Yuu had many serious remaining doubts. It was more like… Yuu just wanted to hear Mika comfort him again.“A-Alright, I get it…” Yuu murmured, his heart racing fast as he looked away shyly. Mika looked so intense, so passionate that Yuu wanted to shrink up and hide. He couldn’t handle the intense onslaught of emotions Mika was causing him to feel. Yuu heard an announcement on the train and felt it begin to slow down, so Yuu tried to speak again. “I-I think our stop is ne- ah!” Yuu gasped as Mika leaned in, pressing his lips sweetly against Yuu’s cheek. The tender, affectionate kiss had Yuu ready to explode from how deeply he was blushing, and it was then that the train stopped and the crowds began to filter out of the train, causing space to loosen up around them. Mika smiled charmingly at him, then reached down, sliding his fingers between Yuu’s and taking hold of his hand. Like that, he guided Yuu out of the train, who was still dazed and flustered beyond belief. Mika could act like a totally different person sometimes- it drove Yuu nuts.Once they were outside in the fresh air, Yuu was able to take some deep breaths and calm down. The two entered a nearby crepe shop, where Mika bought crepes for the two of them. They ended up sitting side by side near the shop’s front window, looking at people walk by on the sidewalk as they enjoyed their fruity, sweet treats.“Does yours taste good, Mika?” Yuu asked, swaying his feet loosely above the ground as he peeked at Mika. Now that he had calmed down from their intimate train encounter, his heart-rate had steadied enough for him to speak normally once again.It wouldn’t last long, however. Mika glanced at Yuu from the corner of his eye and turned to face him, an amused smirk stretching over his lips. Yuu blinked blankly at him, his head tilting with innocent curiosity. He watched, wide-eyed as Mika reached out and tenderly held Yuu’s face with one hand, brushing his thumb along Yuu’s cheek swiftly and softly.Then, as Yuu sat there with his heart in his throat, Mika lifted his thumb to his lips and slid his tongue along its edge, eating up the frosting that was previously on Yuu’s now-burning red cheek. He smirked, his eyes glittering as he said, “It’s good, but I couldn’t help myself from trying some of yours, Yuu-chan.”Yuu felt like all the blood in his body rushed up to his face, turning him redder than the strawberries sitting in his very own crepe. Then, Mika chuckled and sat back, bringing his crepe back to his lips as Yuu sat there, practically steaming like teapot kettle from the ears.When they finished their desserts, the two of them took their time on their journey to Yuu’s mom, sightseeing and walking side by side. It was truly date-like to Yuu, who often felt his hand brush against Mika’s slender fingers. Eventually their hands were linked together again, and Yuu thought they would be undisturbed for their walk to his mother… until a car pulled up beside them with a sudden, screeching halt.Yuu couldn’t help but to look at the car, confused as the door flew open suddenly and someone familiar stepped out.“I  finally  found you two!”Lacus stood there, eyes narrowed in fury and envy as he stormed over to them. Yuu jolted in surprise, awkwardly pulling his hand away from Mika as embarrassment washed over him. Lacus stormed close to them, pointing a finger angrily in Yuu’s face. Yuu had many questions in that moment, like why Lacus was looking for them in the first place, and how he even found them- but he was too stunned to speak as Lacus began berading him.“You can try to take the lead, but I won’t let you!” Lacus snapped as he stepped closer and closer, forcing Yuu to back up and raise his hands defensively. “I’m certain you  forced  the President to come-"“Lacus.”Mika’s calm, cool voice interrupted his rant, immediately putting Lacus’s words to a halt. Now distracted by Mika, Lacus paused and lowered his hand, turning to face Mika with a questioning expression.“H-Huh? Um…” Lacus stammered as Mika stepped close to him, azure eyes glittering with a calm, cold sternness that had even Yuu staying rooted in his place.“Don’t get in my way.” Mika’s voice was smooth and controlled, but Yuu could hear the irritation embedded deep in his tone. His expression was serious and commanding, and Lacus’s eyes widened at his sharp and unmistakable words. “You can’t go putting strange ideas into Yuu-chan’s head.”“Mika…?” Lacus whispered, his eyes seeming to water with hurt. Yuu’s lips parted slightly in shock at the scene before him, but he couldn’t think of any words to say. He felt his chest tighten with empathy for Lacus, but it was true that Lacus had gone a bit too far in interfering with his relationship with Mika. He had lied and tried to interrupt them too many times now, and Yuu could understand Mika’s irritation at his actions.“Let’s go,” Mika insisted as he turned away from Lacus coldly, not saying another word to his friend.“Huh? Oh, yeah…” Yuu snapped out of his daze and stepped away, catching up with Mika’s brisk pace after a moment of silence. He glanced over his shoulder at Lacus, who was standing there, frozen in place as he watched Mika and Yuu walk away, side by side.It was a painfully pitiful sight. Yuu frowned and turned back around, feeling guilty for causing such a rift between their long-standing friendship. His heart felt a little heavy, but there was nothing to be done about it right now. Still, Yuu made it a goal of his to try and help fix things between the two of them. Lacus needed to hear those words from Mika’s mouth, but now that they had been said, Yuu hoped Lacus would change how he acted and apologize to Mika.Yuu sighed and continued to lead the way to his mother, putting thoughts of Lacus behind him for now. After all, they were close now- close to where Yuu was guiding them this whole time. Yuu smiled as he noticed the familiar red temple up ahead, high on a hill with the sun setting behind it. Yuu began climbing the stairs up to the temple, and Mika stayed silent as he followed, despite the questioning look in his eyes.Once they reached the top of the hill, Yuu crossed under the temple and continued to walk in silence until they reached the edge of the graveyard Yuu was headed to. Now standing at the edge of the cemetary, Yuu sighed with satisfaction as he looked out at the rows of tombstones.“We’re here.”Mika came to a halt beside Yuu, his eyes wide as he looked at their surroundings. Yuu glanced at him, a small smile on his lips, and then he walked on to the specific grave he was looking for. Yuu knelt down in front of it, lovingly seeing her name- Ichinose Shigure- etched onto the smooth, gray stone.“Your mother passed away?” Mika murmured as he came beside Yuu, eyes looking down at the grave that Yuu crouched before. He was likely expecting to meet a living woman, but Yuu had been vague on purpose. Shigure was still alive in Yuu’s memory, and he didn’t want to talk about her like she was some ghost of the past.“Huh? Yeah, back when I was three,” Yuu replied calmly. He could feel Mika’s gaze boring on him, and Yuu glanced back, noticing the pain and sympathy glimmering in his gorgeous eyes. Yuu tilted his head, slightly amused at Mika’s saddened expression- it was cute, after all- before he went on. “Don’t worry. I’ve made my peace with it. I can see her whenever I want by coming here.”Mika was quiet as Yuu stood up and smiled down at the grave, his eyes glimmering with excitement and emotion. He envisioned Shigure standing there, a small smile on her face, expectant for whatever news Yuu was going to tell her.“Mama, let me introduce you. This is my new family, Mika.” Yuu fidgeted with his hands slightly, feeling a bit flustered that Mika was standing right beside him. After all, Yuu had only ever talked to Shigure when Guren was beside him or when he was totally alone- but despite his shyness, he went on anyways. “Uh, he’s taller and smarter than me, but he’s also awkward, a bit rough, and lonely. So I wanted to report that now, I have something to protect, too!” He paused, feeling his heart flutter from speaking the words he had been feeling out loud. Then, he straightened up and put his hands on his hips decisively and exhaled sharply with satisfaction. “All right! Today’s mission is complete! All right, how about we go to a restaurant- Mika?”Mika didn’t respond to Yuu. Without a word, he knelt down in front of the grave, and Yuu stepped aside, eyes wide as he studied Mika’s serious, concentrated profile. Mika looked like he was pondering something, his eyebrows tense as he prayed and slowly closed his eyes and held his hands together in silent prayer. Yuu gulped, watching him closely with a fluttering heart. He couldn’t believe someone else besides himself and Guren was praying for her without even knowing her- it was touching and Yuu held his breath momentarily, feeling his heart flutter faster and faster.
 Mama, please give me courage. 
Yuu sucked in a sharp breath as Mika stood up, then placed his hand on Mika’s shoulder. “Uh, Mika-”“My father’s letters… I’ve never opened a single one.” Mika said something unexpected, causing Yuu to freeze up with surprise. He fell silent anyways, truly wanting to listen to what Mika had to share with him. “I’m afraid to know what my father’s thinking. If he has no intention of returning to the Academy…” He raised his eyes to meet with Yuu’s, showing all of his concern and fears for Yuu to see.Yuu’s breath hitched. Mika pursed his lips, then spoke up again. “Hey, Yuu-chan… do you think my father and I can be like we were again?”Standing before Yuu was not the Mika that Yuu usually saw, with his walls up around his heart, strong and unbreakable- no, now a little boy stood before him, shrinking in on himself, his eyes wide and shimmering with all sorts of turbulent emotions. Mika’s gorgeous face was illuminated in the setting sunlight, as beautiful as an angel and leaving Yuu breathless. Yuu realized he was getting choked up, his own eyes slightly watery as he looked into Mika’s pained, shattered eyes.“I-It’ll be fine.” Yuu squeezed Mika’s shoulder lightly, his heart aching with a desire to make all of the hurt disappear from Mika’s eyes. He hated seeing Mika look like that, so broken and alone, like he had no one who truly loved him.That just wasn’t true.Feeling a rush of emotions in his chest, Yuu spoke up again and said, “I’ll work with you to help you two get close again!” He paused, faltering before he decided to push on despite his hesitations. “B-Besides, you’re not alone, Mika… you have Guren and I. We’re your family, too… and… o-our love for you might be different, but…”Mika stared at him, eyes wide and glittering as he processed Yuu’s subtle confession. Yuu swallowed tensely, feeling a blush burn across his cheeks. He had only realized what he said after the words came from his mouth, but there was no taking them back now. Feeling flustered at his own bold words, Yuu stammered on, “I-I’ll do anything to help you feel better, to help you connect with Shinya again, s-so… please lean on me, Mika. I’ll protect you from now on… okay?”Despite his shyness, Yuu kept his eyes locked onto Mika, watching as he slowly began to smile. His pale cheeks turned a flushed, rosy pink, and his eyes seemed to glimmer with a newfound hope and joy. Yuu stared at him, shocked at the transformation before him that happened in mere seconds, all because of Yuu’s uneven, shaky words.Then, Yuu yelped as he was pulled close, his body pressed flush against Mika’s like they were in the train. Except this time, the way Mika held his waist wasn’t a hold of lust and desire. Now, he squeezed Yuu out of gratitude, his arms tight with emotion and overwhelming affection. The warm, sturdy feeling of Mika’s body had Yuu’s breath hitching, and he stared up at the sky behind Mika’s shoulder, allowing himself to melt into Mika’s loving embrace.“Thank you, Yuu-chan…” Mika whispered gently into his hair, and Yuu flushed warm, feeling like he was lighter than air. He was so relieved that he felt like he could drift away in the wind, carefree and safe in Mika’s gentle arms. When Yuu felt Mika’s grip relax, he took a small step back, eyes shimmering as he met Mika’s lovely, emotional gaze one more.Without a word, they began leaning in to each other, feeling a natural pull to one another. It was the most obvious thing to do, Yuu felt, to kiss Mika in that moment. Their lips meshed together, soft and tender, and Yuu’s eyelashes fluttered as he closed his eyes with bliss. Their lips molded against each other gently, and Yuu pressed his mouth against Mika’s more insistently, feeling himself become carried away with the amorous kiss they shared.It was different than their first, shy and chaste kiss they shared just a few nights prior. This kiss was loaded with passion, with trust, with…… mutual, honest love.Yuu’s body flushed with a happy, bursting warmth. His heart felt like it had grown wings and was taking off, and feeling thrilled from the rush of emotions Yuu leaned up and kissed Mika just a tad deeper. The push had Mika’s lips parting and then their eager tongues bumped together, igniting a spark of desire that made the two of them shiver.Enraptured and dazed, Yuu pressed on, a soft and subtle sound escaping his lips as their tongues entwined and slid together. It was thrilling, to feel their tongues slip along each other, to hear the wet sounds of their lips smacking as they kissed. Yuu’s hands squeezed onto Mika’s shoulders tightly, for he needed something to keep him grounded amongst the whirling emotions that made his heart feel lighter than air.When their lips finally parted, slick and tingling with sensation, the two of them were panting and entirely out of breath, faces flushed red and eyes glassy with passion. Yuu rubbed his lips together once he regained his steady breathing, blinking with slight embarrassment but mostly excitement. He was eager to tell Mika all about how he felt, even if the emotions had passed between them without words. His fingers curled in the fabric of Mika’s shirt and his breath hitched with the slightest hint of hesitation. Mika was searching his eyes expectantly, clearly noticing how Yuu wanted to say something and was simply taking his time to say it.“Mika… I…” Yuu trailed off shyly, his eyes fluttering as he looked to his shoes. His ears were burning, his face was burning- everything was blazing hot and so exciting that Yuu thought he might burst.Before he could get the words out of his mouth, Mika beat him to the punch. “Yuu-chan, will you be mine?”Yuu’s eyes shot up from the ground, wide with excitement and pure joy. He was smiling, his cheeks aching from the strain as he nodded, breathless and amazed that such a question just came from Mika’s lips. Yuu leaned forward, hugging Mika close to him once again, comforted by Mika’s soft hair tickling his face and his firm body against his own. They were almost the same size and build, Yuu realized as he held Mika tightly, with Mika only being a little more muscular in the torso, yet slender in the legs. Yuu couldn’t understand how someone could be so perfect.“Let’s go home, Mika,” Yuu whispered into his hair. Under his arms, he felt Mika warm up and nod up and down- it was really difficult for Yuu to let him go, even if he would be able to hold Mika many, many times after this. *** Things weren’t  immediately  different that night, Mika realized. Yuu still gave him the same rosy glances, still blushed in that same endearing way, still fidgeted adorably under Mika’s gaze. Mika wasn’t expecting things to go further that night, anyhow- but deep down, he wanted just a little something more.When they were both under the covers for the night, Mika felt Yuu wriggling about beside him, clearly too flustered to rest. It was painfully obvious what was going through that little head of his, and Mika felt himself warming up with similar suggestive images and thoughts. He cleared his throat eventually, catching Yuu’s attention and earning a strangled apology from a very embarrassed Yuu.Mika turned over onto his side to look at Yuu in the darkness, his eyes taking some time to focus on his family beside him- his boyfriend. Mika’s heart leapt at the word, even if it only resonated in his head and not out loud quite yet. He smiled and inched closer to Yuu, who had his back to Mika and was clearly far too tense, with his shoulders all bunched up to his ears. Mika scooted closer and closer until his body gently pressed against Yuu’s, and then he laid his arm over the gentle dip of Yuu’s waist.Yuu’s breath hitched. He practically squeaked out Mika’s name. “M-Mika…?”“I thought maybe if I held you, you would stop shaking the bed and let me sleep.” Mika made sure his lips were close to Yuu’s ear, just to tease him, and he smiled when Yuu shivered and barely managed to bite back a whimper. Mika wondered if Yuu could feel his heartbeat against his back- Mika sure felt it pounding in his own ears.He leaned down and pressed a tender kiss to the back of Yuu’s neck, causing Yuu to gasp softly and tense up. Mika laughed, his breath tickling Yuu’s skin briefly- he watched as goosebumps rose on Yuu’s flesh and how he shuddered softly in response. Mika held still for a moment, tempted to sink his teeth in, to make Yuu gasp and squirm beneath his grasp. His heart sped up alarmingly quickly, but Mika dismissed his thoughts with warm cheeks and a soft, slow sigh. Not tonight. Mika made himself relax and instead nuzzled his nose into Yuu’s silky hair.“Goodnight, Yuu-chan…” Mika yawned slowly and relaxed- he fell asleep with a smile on his face when he heard Yuu reply to him, his voice soft and giddy.“Goodnight, Mika.” *** Yuu woke up alone and late for school a few days later, much to his disappointment. The bed wasn’t warm where Mika had been, and now Yuu felt cold waking up out of Mika’s arms. He inwardly cussed at Mika for not waking him up sooner and made his way to school begrudgingly, all by himself like some sort of loser.Despite this, he could barely stop smiling all morning. Mika was…  officially  his boyfriend. They were together and every time Yuu reminded himself of that, his feet felt lighter than air and his face instantly warmed, making him feel content and luckier than anyone else. He wanted to tell the whole world, but he was flustered about it all at the same time- what would people think?Sure, Yuu had Guren and Shinya to look up to- they were both men, but they didn’t really flaunt their relationship or show off- especially since Yuu had never met Shinya and only had memories of Guren and Shigure. Hell, Guren was so nervous about his bisexuality around Yuu that Yuu himself had never met Shinya. Their wedding was a simple signing of documents without any formal ceremony. Not to mention, kids Yuu’s own age were so harsh and judgemental… yet at the same time, Yuu also remembered Shinoa’s words from early in the year, when she told him that same-sex couples weren’t unusual at the Hyakuya Academy.Maybe things were different in this area of the country. Yuu hadn’t particularly noticed many gay couples wandering around school together, hand-in-hand, but he also hadn’t been really looking for them. Mildly lost in thought, Yuu sighed softly as he made his way to homeroom, feeling far too distracted with questions amongst bubbly thoughts of Mika to concentrate in class. He wondered how he’d make it through the day without zoning out and staring at Mika from his seat in the corner of the room.“President!”Yuu snapped out of his daze when he heard Lacus’s voice, shrill and alarmed and echoing from the staircase. Yuu blinked and turned to the source of the call, instantly stopping to lean over the balcony with wide, worried eyes.Lacus was kneeling beside Mika, hands extended with concern. “Are you alright!?”“Don’t shout so loudly,” Mika was saying from where he was crouched on the floor, papers scattered all around him. Yuu inhaled sharply as he tried to get a better look at Mika. His head was lowered and his bangs were hiding his face- what was going on?“Are you not feeling well?” Lacus asked, his voice quieter this time. He lowered his hands and simply knelt there while staring at Mika with shimmering eyes. “Perhaps you should skip the meeting?”“I told you, I’m fine.” Mika looked away, and from his angle at the top of the stairs, Yuu could see his sweaty, flushed complexion. Yuu felt a pang of concern in his heart and he came down the stairs, eyes focused on Mika for any more signs of severe sickness.“You really don’t look fine to me,” Lacus insisted with a frown while reaching out with a caring hand to place it on Mika’s shoulder. “I’ll have someone come get you at once-”“Cut it out!” Mika snapped and shoved his hand away before Lacus could touch him, his breathing already shallow and labored. Yuu froze on the stairs, shocked at the harsh, defensive gleam in Mika’s shimmering blue eyes. Mika spat out, “Could  you  ever take my place there?”Lacus lowered his hand and visibly began to sulk, his head turning so he could avert his eyes ashamedly. Yuu felt his heart sink low at the sight- even if Lacus was annoying at times, that was uncalled for, especially when Lacus clearly cared so much about Mika and was just trying to help. Frowning, Yuu felt irritation well up in his chest.“Hey!” Yuu snapped and stormed down the stairs, catching the attention of both Mika and Lacus. Mika raised surprised, yet exhausted blue eyes to Yuu, his hand braced against the wall for support. “That was flat-out cruel! Lacus is worried about you…!”“I know that,” Mika replied flatly, struggling to get to his feet. “I don’t need you to tell me…” Then, he staggered and collapsed again, erasing Yuu’s concerns about Lacus entirely for fear of Mika’s health. His eyes widened and he lurched forward, catching Mika in his arms before he could hit the ground and hurt himself any more.“Mika!?” He gripped the blond in his arms, feeling fear course through his veins. Mika’s cheeks were flushed but everywhere else was so pale- too pale, even for Mika- and sweat rolled down his temples in rivulets. He panted weakly, eyes shut and eyebrows tense with discomfort.“I’ll go call someone for help!” Lacus shot to his feet instantly and began running for the stairs that lead down to the first floor.“Wait!” Yuu called out, causing Lacus to freeze in his steps and look over his shoulder, eyes watering with worry. “Lacus, you go to the council meeting.”“W-What are you saying?” Lacus gawked at him, as if he hadn’t even considered that option since Mika yelled at him.“I think that’s what’s on Mika’s mind right now,” Yuu insisted with a glance down to Mika. Similarly, Lacus’s eyes trailed to Mika, where he lay breathing heavily in Yuu’s arms. Yuu pursed his lips and lifted shimmering, determined and vivid green eyes up to Lacus, his eyebrows tense with encouragement. He nodded as a gesture for Lacus to go along and said, “Lacus, please, for Mika.”Lacus clenched his fists, still staring down at Mika for a lingering moment. He sucked in a tense breath and agreed. “Alright. I’ll go.” *** The sun was setting late in the evening, casting rays of golden-orange sunshine through the blinds of the nurse’s office. Shaded from the light filtering in through the window were two students, secluded by a drapery around the bed that held Mika, who was sleeping peacefully in bed.He was shifting slightly and hinting that he would wake up shortly, which caused Yuu to freeze up in anticipation. He stared down at Mika from where he sat at the bedside, face already warming as Mika blinked his eyes open and blinked sleepily at Yuu. His eyes glittered like sapphire gemstones from beneath stunning, curled, thick eyelashes; the beautiful sight of those eyes combined with his reddish cheeks caused Yuu’s heart to pound rapidly. He clenched his fingers tightly in his lap, trying to control his feelings of attraction- it was difficult when Mika always looked so gorgeous without even trying.“Where are we?” Mika asked, his voice slightly hoarse. Yuu shouldn’t have shivered at the sound,  shouldn’t  have thought it was so sexy, and yet there he was, thinking those things anyways. Yuu gulped and almost forgot to answer him before the question caught up with him.“In the nurse’s office.” Yuu bounced his feet slightly from his nervous energy for a moment. “You’ve got a fever, so rest here until the nurse comes back.” Mika stared at him, processing the information for only a second before he started to sit himself up. Fear jolted through Yuu’s veins and he shot to his feet in reaction. Frowning, Yuu pushed down on Mika’s shoulders to force him to lay down. “Hey! No, you need to rest!”“I have to attend the Student Council Meeting and the Academy’s board meeting today,” Mika told him sharply, eyes glittering with a clear fear that he had missed those important events.“You collapsed because you’re pushing yourself too hard!” Yuu accused, his heart twisting with worry. Honestly, how did Yuu not notice it before? Of course Mika always passed out as soon as his head hit the pillow when they went to sleep at night- he was likely drained from all of this work, even if he didn’t want to show it in fear of appearing weak or vulnerable. Yuu felt hundreds of times more guilty over how he tossed and turned in bed at night- it wa likely partially his fault that Mika never got enough sleep.Yuu frowned, recalling Urd on the floor of the office, surrounded by scattered papers and clutching his chest as a heart attack almost took his life. The image of Mika on the staircase was painfully similar to that life-threatening event, and Yuu didn’t want Mika to be pushed to the point of a hospital visit, especially not so young. Yuu shook his head slightly and said, “It’s the same reason Grandpa-”“Enough! Don’t get in my way-” Mika struggled to sit up, pushing back against Yuu’s hands. Yuu struggled, gritting his teeth to keep Mika laying down in bed, and realized the strength of his arms alone just wasn’t enough. Without thinking much about it, he leapt onto the bed and pinned Mika down with his entire body, knees bordering Mika’s waist. Mika stared up at him regretfully, eyes narrowed and hair splayed out messily on the pillow, shadowed by Yuu’s form. Yuu glared at him insistently.“I’m  not  letting you leave,” Yuu hissed, his grip on Mika’s shoulders momentarily tightening. Mika finally stayed still, staring up at Yuu with calculating eyes, and Yuu bit down on his lip. If he had allowed Mika a weekend of rest rather than taking him on that date to meet Shigure, maybe he wouldn’t be in bed right now with a fever. Suddenly feeling another, yet more powerful stab of guilt in his chest, Yuu frowned. “I’m sorry… for forcing you to see Mama with me. I’m a failure as your family…”“You’re suddenly not my boyfriend?” Mika arched his eyebrows, causing Yuu to flush red at his sudden comment and the slight teasing edge to his tone.“T-That’s not- okay, fine.” Yuu huffed, feeling his face burn a little hotter. “I’m also a failure as a boyfriend.”“It’s not your fault,” Mika replied, his voice softer and calmer now. Yuu’s grip on his shoulders loosened, now not worrying so much about Mika leaving the nurse’s office. “I chose to go with you. It’s nothing for you to apologize for.”“Why’d you work yourself to this point?” Yuu asked, genuine concern written all over his face. “Isn’t it weird for a student to be working in such a position in the first place?”“It’s to be a proper successor,” Mika responded, his voice slightly strained. Yuu didn’t really like the saddened look on his face.“Successor?” Yuu frowned more. “You’re still a high schooler… what about Shinya? Why not let him be the successor? There’s no need for you to work this hard…”“That’s right,” Mika said quietly, his eyes lowering to glance to the side. “I agree.” After he paused for a moment, his eyes gradually raised back up to Yuu, a small, remorseful smile making Yuu tense up. Then, the sadness seemed to be pushed aside, causing Yuu’s heart to thump particularly hard. Mika’s expression was soft, serene, affectionate, and even a tad… seductive. Yuu gulped, feeling slightly lightheaded at the sight beneath him. “You always spout nonsense, but occasionally even you get something right.” Mika laughed softly and closed his eyes momentarily. “You’re right. It’ll all be worth it when that day comes.”Yuu tensed up, staring down at Mika for far too long in silence. He noticed the delicate, pink shade of Mika’s lips and remembered their kiss in the cemetery. He recalled the sensations that made his skin tingle with heat as their tongues slid together, and he remembered the soft sounds that spilled from his lips as Mika kissed him back, insistent and passionate.Yuu lowered his eyes, feeling flustered after the look Mika had just given him. Instead of becoming wrapped up in his own feelings, Yuu started to back up, intending to get off the bed and more importantly, off of Mika. “All right! First, we need to get your fever down and get you healthy again.” Yuu stopped for a moment as he sat back, blinking down at Mika with a pout, then pointed his finger to Mika’s forehead. “First, Lacus. Even if you were in a feverish daze, you said some super-harsh things to him!” Then, Yuu lowered his finger, a more gentle and teasing smile taking place of his cute, puppy-like pout. “When you’re better, make sure you apologize. And once you two make up, we’re going to an amusement park.”Mika blinked up at him, speechless for a moment before he repeated, “Amusement park?”Yuu smiled, not answering him to keep the suspense going. As Yuu continued to shift and get off the bed, a hand suddenly grabbed Yuu’s wrist and yanked him right back down.Except, he  really  fell onto Mika this time. Yuu yelped at the sudden movement, eyes wide as he was suddenly face-first in Mika’s chest. He looked up quickly, eyes wide and blinking as Mika continued to pull him close, now gentle and caring. Yuu’s heart slammed his chest as Mika sat up slightly, tilting his head to slot their lips together.“Mmh…-!” Yuu made a small, muffled sound of surprise at the sudden and unexpected kiss. His face instantly burned red and he closed his eyes, relishing in the romantic moment and allowing himself to melt into the kiss. Because he let his guard down, Yuu barely felt the way Mika was shifting around, so when he was flipped onto his back and their lips parted, Yuu didn’t feel prepared at all.“A-Ah, Mika-” Yuu’s eyes widened with surprise as he stared up at Mika, only catching sight of his lustful expression for a second before Mika dove down, latching his lips onto Yuu’s sensitive neck. Yuu gasped and dug his hands into the sheets beneath him, feeling heat wash through him from head to do as Mika licked and sucked on his neck. His hands slid away from Yuu’s shoulders in favor of slipping under Yuu’s untucked shirt. “Hah-  what a-are you-” Yuu turned his head away, flushing hotly with embarrassment as his body arched up into Mika’s smooth, warm hands. He shivered from the feeling of being touched so slowly, so intimately by Mika that he whimpered softly, shaking beneath Mika’s exploring hands. Those hands reached up to his chest, where Mika began toying with his nipples while licking up to Yuu’s ear.“Nnh- Mi-” Yuu stammered, his words cutting off by a crack in his voice as Mika licked up the side of his ear, then pulled the edge of it between his teeth greedily. The wet, slick feeling had Yuu trembling as heat flushed down between his legs. Mika smirked against his skin, letting out a warm chuckle as he shifted to face Yuu, then dove in and greedily captured his lips with his own once more.Yuu gasped into his mouth, hips bucking up desperately for more friction. Spikes of pleasure shot through him from where Mika’s fingers rubbed at his nipples, and the little nips of Mika’s teeth against his lips didn’t help the situation at all. Sounds spilled from Yuu’s throat endlessly, escaping between messy kisses and making Yuu’s world spin with heated desire. He shifted, feeling a familiar swelling in his pants, and then he froze up in fear and realization. I can’t get hard here- what if the nurse comes back…!?  Yuu’s eyes shot open as the situation finally caught up with him. He suddenly pushed Mika back, breaking their kiss with a deep gasp.“I-Idiot, what if you’re contagious!?” Yuu scolded weakly, his blush darkening across his face from ear to ear. Mika smiled down at him, head tilted cockily, his breathing slightly short.“Well, then you just caught whatever I might have.” Mika’s eyes glittered with mischief, and then he sighed softly with mild disappointment. “Yuu-chan, fevers caused by stress can’t be spread to others.”“Y-You don’t know what you have yet!” Yuu protested. When he sat up, he was suddenly all-too-aware of the fact that he was pinned right beneath Mika’s body, even if the sheets of the bed were all tangled around them. He was suddenly affected by Mika’s thighs against his hips and he shot out of the bed, heart pounding way too quickly for him to handle. “A-Anyways, I’m going to go get your bag, okay? It’s in the classroom still…!”“Don’t take too long,” Mika murmured, his voice lilting with a flirtatious edge. Yuu tensed, blinking widely at Mika’s smiling face. “I don’t want to be left alone for too long… and I want to continue what we started, Yuu-chan.”“The nurse will get here first,” Yuu said nervously, his heart racing faster in his chest. “I’ll be back soon, and don’t get up, okay?” Then, Yuu rushed out of the office with a pounding heart, feeling far too jittery for his own good. Would he ever stop being this flustered over Mika? Would these feelings continue, even while they were dating? Yuu wanted to melt into a puddle from all the hot feelings churning inside of him, and what was more embarrassing was that they were all caused by Mika.Yuu was almost to the classroom when he noticed a particular person standing by the door, as if he was waiting for someone. Yuu froze in his place, recognizing that it was Lacus. He already had Mika’s bag in hand, but he didn’t look like he was headed to the nurse’s office to give it to him. Instead, he turned and fixed Yuu with a serious gaze and extended the bag to him.“Mika’s always shouldered things alone since he was very young,” Lacus said, voice slightly hushed as Yuu approached him step by step. Yuu tilted his head and took the bag, not facing any resistance from Lacus’s end. He shrugged it over his shoulder. “I managed to notice Mika wasn’t feeling well, but I…-”Yuu lightly brought his hand down onto Lacus’s head in a chop-like motion. Lacus scrunched his eyes together, frowning at the scolding gesture. “You’re also one to shoulder too much yourself, right? Why not be more honest with yourself?”Lacus reached up to rub at his head where Yuu had lightly hit him. “Good grief, I’m glad you take everything so easily.” He turned away from Yuu at that moment, but Yuu thought he noticed a small smile on the Vice President’s face. With a short sigh, Lacus raised a casual hand as he walked away. “Good day.”Yuu watched as Lacus left, a small smile settling on his face. He sure hoped Lacus and Mika would make up soon; even if Lacus had gotten overprotective of Mika, it was for good reason. They were best friends, and Yuu didn’t want to be the cause of their fights anymore. Feeling slightly better about the two of them, Yuu headed back to the nurse’s office with a short, content sigh. *** Yuu beamed as he was handed the thermometer from Mika a few mornings later. He looked down at it, seeing that it reported a normal, healthy body temperature. Noticing his wide smile, Mika sighed and gazed at him expectedly. Yuu held a thumbs up, signaling to Mika that he had Yuu’s approval to go back to school. Then, the two of them got ready and left together, taking their first commute together for quite some time.Mika was bedridden for a few days, mostly sleeping and in a dazed state whenever he was conscious. Every time Yuu came near him, Yuu was yanked into bed and deeply, passionately kissed, flustering Yuu to no end (especially when Guren was home and able to walk in any moment). Though finally, Mika had woken up, no longer flushed and instead back to his usual porcelain complexion.On their walk to school, Yuu yawned and stretched his arms high above his head as they strode down the street, still not used to waking up so early for Mika. It was more challenging than he thought to adapt to Mika’s rigorous schedule.They both came to a synchronized stop as they noticed a particular student just up ahead. Lacus stood in his usual spot by the crosswalk, waiting silently for Mika to approach him. Yuu peered at his boyfriend, a smile on his face as he nudged Mika’s side with his elbow. Mika fixed him with a silent, guarded look, clearly hesitant, but Yuu didn’t budge and instead stood there, nodding slightly to encourage Mika to continue on. After studying him for a moment, Mika’s eyes slid away from Yuu to focus back on Lacus.Mika took a deep breath and strode forward, step by step until he joined Lacus’s side just up ahead. Yuu hung back, keeping a respectful distance as Mika talked to him, then bowed his head in apology.A few more words were exchanged, and finally Lacus threw his arms around Mika, wailing like a child who had found its mother after being lost. Yuu smiled a bit and chuckled at the sight, relief making his heart feel lighter than before. At last, they had made up now, and now they could go from there.Yuu began heading towards them slowly, making sure to take his time so they could talk as much as they needed. *** That night, Yuu was seated on the couch next to Mika, simply wanting to be beside his boyfriend even while Mika clearly had important things to do. Mika shuffled through a stack of papers, trying to focus on the task at hand despite Yuu’s distracting presence.“Maybe I’ll join the Student Council, too…” Yuu murmured as he reached out and took one of the papers from the stack. A small, uplifting smile rested on his face as he looked at the chart printed on the page, even though he had no idea what it meant. “I might be able to help you guys.”“If you joined, we’d only have more work to do,” Mika pointed out, moving his eyes from his papers to the one in Yuu’s hands. He reached out, genty taking it from his grasp with a small smile on his lips. “Why don’t you start by following the school rules first?”Yuu pouted childishly. “I’m just a-”The sound of the door opening interrupted them. Yuu perked up and got to his feet, expecting that his father had just arrived home. He called out, “Guren?”He walked to the doors that lead to the foyer, a smile on his face as he peered inside. “Welcome home-” Yuu paused, seeing someone he had never met before standing in the doorway beside a suitcase and a huge present, wrapped up and tied with a ribbon. Yet despite never having met this man, he was so oddly familiar, with piercing blue eyes and a charming smile. Yuu stared at the stranger with wide eyes.“Hey, I’m home!” The man waved while smiling wide, his sing-song voice cheerful and friendly. Yuu frowned and came closer, weary of the suspicious man despite his resemblance to someone Yuu knew very,  very  well.“Who are you?” Yuu peered up at the silver-haired man.“Are you Yuu-kun?” The man asked, a smile lifting his lips. Yuu furrowed his brows.“Huh? I am, but…” Yuu’s eyes followed the man’s movements as he set the gift box down to the side, then straightened up with a glimmer in his eyes. Yuu fidgeted, wondering what it was about the man that reminded him so much of…“I see, so  you’re  Yuu-kun!” The man beamed widely, then without a warning, he stepped forward with his arms extended. Yuu’s eyes widened as he was suddenly pulled into a crushing hug, and he squirmed about, attempting to get away from this random man. Why was this guy hugging Yuu when Yuu didn’t even know his name!? “I’ve been wanting to meet you, ahaha!”“Pervert! Stop that! What the hell!?” Yuu hurled insult after insult at the guy who simply kept on laughing, despite Yuu’s wriggling to free himself from the guy’s strong arms. He failed to notice another set of footsteps near the foyer. Mika had approached, likely wondering what all the ruckus was about. “I can’t breathe- don’t squeeze harder!! Cut it out already! And besides, who the hell are you!? Why have you barged into our house and how do you know my name-”“Sh…”A soft sound caused Yuu to fall silent. He twisted around in the man’s arms, peering over at Mika inquisitively.Mika stood in the doorway, eyes round and watery in disbelief. Yuu’s lips parted in shock from Mika’s distraught, yet slightly… hopeful expression. Mika looked overwhelmed with emotion and Yuu barely heard the name that was spoken through a trembling exhale.“Shinya?”The man around him was Shinya-  Mika’s father and Guren’s new husband. Yuu gaped at him, now completely understanding why he felt a sense of familiarity at the sight of the older man. His eyes were a different shade of blue than Mika’s, and his hair was silver, but… their smiles were almost identical. If only Mika smiled half as much as Shinya.“I told you not to call me that, Mika.” Shinya laughed and loosened his hold on Yuu, who immediately stepped away when he got the chance. “You don’t need to be so formal. Call me Papa!”“W-Wait, you’re my family now too, right!?” Yuu pointed a finger at Shinya, eyes sparkling with amazement. Shinya placed a hand on Yuu’s head and ruffled his hair, a grin still settled on his carefree face.“Nice to meet ya.” Yuu smiled widely up at him. Now that Shinya was back home, Mika wouldn’t have to work so hard anymore! Yuu turned back to Mika, feeling hopeful until he saw Mika’s… strangely guarded expression. He was suddenly reminded that they weren’t getting along very well before this. Yuu tensed up as Shinya’s hand slid off his head, and his focus went to studying Mika’s serious, hesitant eyes. Shinya grabbed the present that he previously set down and started approaching Mika with a small, calm smile on his lips. “This is…”“Excuse me.” Mika turned away as soon as Shinya got close to him and walked briskly into the house. Yuu felt his heart twist- this wasn’t the soft, tearful reunion he had anticipated.“Oh, hey!” Yuu took off after Mika and caught up to him before he could get too far. “Wait a sec, Mika.” He grabbed his wrist, causing Mika to pause and look over his shoulder at Yuu, his eyebrows tensed and eyes misty with the threat of tears. Yuu hesitated, but then looked back at Shinya and gathered himself. He smiled at Shinya, hoping to try and mend things for them like he promised before.“Hey Shinya, Mika’s amazing, you know? He’s been Student Council President since he was just a first-year. He’s smart and popular, too! Plus, he’s been working hard while Grandpa’s out, so you can inherit the Academy-”“Stop it!”Yuu flinched as Mika ripped his arm from Yuu’s hold, bringing his wrist close to his chest like he had been burned. Yuu turned around immediately, feeling his heart sink low. Did he do something wrong…? “Mika?”“I’m not going back to the Academy.”Both Yuu and Mika turned abruptly to stare at Shinya, whose face had fallen into a serious, unchanging expression. All lightheartedness was gone from his eyes. The silence was painful- Yuu only caught a glimpse of Mika’s crumbling expression before he turned and ran, taking refuge in their room with a slam of their door.“Mika? Mika!”Yuu paused rather than chasing after Mika, despite his aching worry. Maybe it was best for him to give Mika his space to deal with the fact that Shinya was back; Yuu could go comfort him later, once he had time to think about it and calm down. Yuu sighed and turned back to Shinya, feeling guilty that their reunion was so painfully awkward and tense.“I guess I said something I shouldn’t have…” Yuu murmured regretfully. Shinya sighed and set the gift box down, an apologetic smile on his face.“Sorry for getting you tangled up in this.” Then, Shinya put his hands on his hips decisively, a welcoming gleam in his eyes. “I’m hungry. Wanna go buy dinner?”The two of them ended up going to the convenience store down the street and getting a bunch of easy-to-make foods for home. As they walked side by side back to the apartment with all sorts of grocery bags in hand, Yuu eyed one of the bags Shinya was carrying- it was loaded with all sorts of cute, sweet treats.“Mika loved these when he was a kid,” Shinya said, noticing exactly what Yuu was curiously peering at. He turned a playful smile to Yuu as he asked, “Think he’ll eat them?”Yuu paused for a moment, remembering the contented expression on Mika’s face as he nibbled on a crepe. “I think he still likes sweets. Last time we went on a date- uh, I mean, went out- we had crepes together.” Yuu felt his cheeks burn up at his own fumble. His heart began to race as he remembered the way Mika took the frosting from Yuu’s cheek and licked his off his thumb in a seductive, slow motion. He gulped and looked to the side, hoping Shinya didn’t notice his embarrassing expression as he remembered such an intimate moment.“That’s good to hear,” Shinya remarked, seemingly unaware of the implication in Yuu’s phrase. But then, he smirked and said, “It sounds like you like him, Yuu-kun.”“I-I’m not saying I like him…” Yuu stammered nervously, feeling his cheeks blaze up redder at being subtly called out by Shinya. This was too awkward to talk about around Mika’s dad…!“Thank you.” Yuu raised his eyes in surprise at Shinya’s sudden, tender words. He studied Shinya’s profile, noticing how Shinya’s deep blue eyes were fixed far ahead of them. “Thank you for sticking by Mika…” He sighed and glanced down to the ground after saying this, a troubled expression in his eyes. “So, he’s still been making sure I can return to the Academy, huh?”Yuu paused, remembering Mika’s words in the cemetery:
 I’m afraid to know what my father’s thinking. If he has no intention of returning to the Academy… 
Yuu frowned as his heart twinged sadly. Mika did indeed still have some hope that Shinya would come back, and that troubled Yuu since he was starting to realize Shinya didn’t want to return.Shinya went on, catching Yuu’s attention again and causing him to look at his profile once again. “I’d rather move forward than go back. I feel bad for Mika… but right now, I’m still seeing this whole wide world. Mika’s a smart guy, so I think he’ll realize it before growing old, like I did.” Shinya turned to face Yuu again, eyes glittering with a level of wisdom that left Yuu slightly breathless. “But there’s no right way to live one’s life. Our path in life just forms behind us.”Yuu smiled thankfully at Shinya, seeing something in his expression that was caring and thoughtful. In that moment, the pieces began clicking together in Yuu’s mind. He realized that Shinya was actually looking out for Mika, even when he was far away, and especially by avoiding the Academy. It seemed to Yuu that Mika and Shinya were just missing each other at some point, leading to misunderstandings. If that was the case… then maybe there was something Yuu could do to make them see each other’s hearts more clearly.Yuu made a promise to Mika that he would help fix things, after all. Yuu decided that he was going to do all that he could to keep to his word.



Chapter End Notes
Finals week is about to actually kill me but I still managed to write this while procrastinating. ᕕ( ཀ ʖ̯ ཀ)ᕗ


Chapter 6
Chapter Summary
Shinya's return home was jarring for Mika, and luckily for him, Yuu is there to hold his hand through it all. Unfortunately, getting the father and son to see each other eye-to-eye is trickier than Yuu had anticipated.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




After Yuu and Shinya arrived home that evening, grocery bags in hand, Yuu was filled with a new resolve to try and make Shinya and Mika bond again after years of being apart. He was more encouraged than ever to take action and bring the fractured father and son together after years of miscommunication.While Shinya was busy in the kitchen preparing some food for their dinner, Yuu decided it was a good time to try and talk to Mika. He headed down the hallway towards their room, eyes set determinedly on the door. He hoped he could convince Mika to come out and join them for some food, if nothing else in that moment. And even if it was too soon for that, he wanted to at least comfort Mika and make sure he knew he wasn’t alone- not with Yuu around.Yuu paused as he reached the door, gathering himself by taking a deep breath. Then he announced, “Mika, I’m coming in.” After hearing no protest from the other side, Yuu gently turned the doorknob and peered inside the room.It was pretty dark in there. The blinds were opened, allowing light from the moon and the city to filter inside and cast shadows across the room. Yuu paused, seeing Mika sitting on the bed and facing the window silently. When Mika didn’t tell him to leave, Yuu stepped inside and closed the door behind him, frowning as he felt his heart aching with worry.Yuu stepped closer to the bed, his eyes shimmering apologetically. “Sorry about getting carried away earlier… I didn’t mean to upset you. I just wanted Shinya to know more about you…” Yuu paused, waiting hesitantly for Mika to say something. He fiddled with his hands as he watched the back of Mika’s head, studying the way his shoulders were slumped and he looked so, so… small. And defeated. Yuu hated seeing all of Mika’s energy and confidence drained from him like that.“It’s all over now.” Mika’s voice was thin and strained, and Yuu stared at him, eyebrows tensing with concern. Mika went on softly, “The father I admired was very strict and talented. He put the Academy before his own happiness, and was strict with me, his own son, as well. I thought becoming like my father was the path I should follow. I even accepted it when he and my mother divorced. I wanted that father to return to the Academy again… so five years ago, I turned down his invitation and resolved to stay at the Hyakuya household. I was ready to do anything it took to protect the place my father would return to one day.”Yuu listened carefully, his heart sinking lower and lower as he listened to the words Mika spoke. Shinya put the Academy above his own happiness, and Mika  admired  that? Yuu was troubled at what Mika had admitted, knowing that such a mindset was clearly damaging and not the right way to think. Shinya seemed like such a cheerful man now, and compared to the uptight man of Mika’s past, Yuu assumed Shinya was much happier now. He had talked about the Academy like it was some kind of prison that he escaped from...  but Mika was still troubled that he left. Mika was still so locked up with the expectations of his family and thinking that he had no other choice but to work his ass off for the rest of his life without any help at all. Mika could work if it made him happy, but to do it all by himself was just ridiculous.“Mika… don’t try to do it all on your own,” Yuu shook his head, closing his eyes momentarily as he tried to think of more to say. How could he voice these thoughts in his head without hurting Mika, without offending him and having him get the wrong idea? He had to go about this carefully, or else he might think Yuu didn’t understand him.“Then what else was I supposed to do to protect the Academy?” Mika said, his voice hushed and tense. Yuu’s eyes widened and he noticed how Mika bunched up the sheets beneath him between his fingers. “I’ve lived my life for my father, so who else should I turn to for support now?”Yuu fell silent with awe. He watched as Mika began to tremble, heard as his voice shook with silent, breathy sobs.Mika felt  alone,  of all things. He was trying so hard to be just like Shinya, but now Shinya was embracing a new path in life, and Mika’s ideal role model had completely vanished from sight- at least, that’s how he perceived it. Of course Mika would be distraught. Yuu pursed his lips and slid onto the bed, then crawled over to sit in the center of the mattress, just behind Mika. He reached out to Mika, one hand extended, nervously attempting to comfort him without really knowing the best way to do it.Before he could pull Mika into a hug, Mika turned around, looking at Yuu from over his shoulder and revealing a heartbreakingly beautiful expression. His tears glittered and beaded in perfect, dewy shapes, slipping down his smooth cheeks like crystalline droplets. Yuu’s breath hitched and he stared, amazed that Mika could be so beautiful even when crying this way- he was just as stunning as ever when he cried, and at the same time it pained Yuu that he had even seen Mika crying so many times already.Those azure eyes shimmered with grief and longing, sparkling with the city lights twinkling in the window, and Yuu felt his heart race from the gorgeous sight. Before him was a shattered, extraordinary man that Yuu was lucky to call his own. Yuu inched closer, not finding any words to say, but wanting more than anything for Mika to know he was always here. He wanted Mika to understand that he wasn’t alone, even if he felt that way right there and then.Mika turned around and cupped Yuu’s face in his slightly trembling hands, eyes focusing down onto Yuu’s lips. Yuu melted into his hands, leaning in and sighing softly as Mika captured his lips with his own in a desperate kiss loaded with longing and affection. Yuu tasted Mika’s warm, slightly salty tears and he allowed Mika the physical comfort he seeked, his eyes sliding shut. Mika tilted his head, slipping his tongue between Yuu’s parted lips and tasted inside his mouth, tediously and yearningly.Yuu moaned softly, feeling as Mika crawled closer and closer until his weight was too heavy for Yuu to stay upright. He fell back against the bed and Mika leaned over him, locking their lips together again almost as soon as they parted during the fall. Yuu tilted his head back, shuddering as Mika’s hands slipped down Yuu’s body, where they settled around his waist and squeezed. Yuu panted softly as their mouths parted, and Mika looked at him closely, the last of his tears beading on his eyelashes delicately. He smiled slightly, though his eyes were still so sad, so uncertain that Yuu’s heart continued to ache. Mika was gorgeous, but he was so broken up inside… and that much was obvious from his words, his lonely expressions, his kisses desperate for love.“Will you be the one who needs me?” Mika asked softly, the smile falling from his lips. “You… will accept me, won’t you?” He paused, his hands gripping Yuu just a little tighter, bunching up the material of his t-shirt beneath his hands. Yuu swallowed tensely, and then he reached up, sliding his palm tenderly along Mika’s tear-stained cheek.“Of course I will, because you need me, too.” Yuu found himself smiling up at Mika, his heart thumping resolutely against his chest as he stroked the rise of Mika’s cheek with his thumb. He wiped away damp tears with the simple gesture of his thumb, his brilliant green eyes damp with emotion. “I’ll be here for you, Mika… no matter what happens. That’s what… that’s what family is for. That’s what  I’m  for. And I’ll depend on you, too…”He pulled Mika down for another kiss, this one more tender than the first. Mika’s exhale was shaky against Yuu’s skin and he kissed back, wrapping his arms tightly around Yuu’s waist. He hugged Yuu close, pressing their bodies flush together as they kissed, slowly and deeply, seeing out each other’s warmth and love.Yuu slid his hands into Mika’s hair, feeling the silky locks between his fingers as they kissed. Some time later they parted and Mika stuck his face between Yuu’s neck and shoulder, taking in deep breaths as he calmed down and reassured himself with Yuu’s warmth.Yuu didn’t mind. He smiled and held Mika close, only parting for a bit to grab some food and apologize for leaving Shinya to eat alone.Except before he could do this, Yuu passed the foyer and saw two figures by the front door. He caught sight Guren squeezing Shinya just as tightly as Mika was holding Yuu only moments before, and he silently crept back to their room with their food, a small smile on his lips. *** The following morning, Yuu woke up a tad late and was clearly very alone. Sure enough, Mika had gotten ready without him and went to school by himself, probably without eating breakfast or anything. It was obviously because Shinya was in their home, and the fact that he got up early and missed his meal just to avoid Shinya made Yuu’s heart heavy as he got up and prepared for the day.Mika was likely at school, covering himself with work so he didn’t have to face this issue head-on. Knowing this, Yuu decided to stay behind for the breakfast that Guren was cooking. He silently took his place at the table across from where Shinya sat with his own food. After a casual greeting, Yuu went to eating his breakfast, thinking about what Shinya had told him the night before. He had no idea why Shinya was always gone in this country and that, and maybe if he had some answers, it would help make Mika feel better.“So, you’ve been traveling around the world? What were you doing during all that traveling?” Yuu asked, head tilted to the side as Shinya nibbled on the blueberry pancakes Guren had prepared for them.“Teaching people,” Shinya said after swallowing, a small smile pulling at the corners of his mouth. “I quit that school only to build another career as a teacher!” Shinya laughed softly, carefree and bubbly as ever. Shinya put another forkful of the pancakes in his mouth and chewed happily, casting a grateful expression in Guren’s direction, who sat down next to Shinya with his own plate of food. Yuu put his chin in his hands and raised his eyebrows curiously as he studied Shinya’s face.“What are you doing, Shinya?” Yuu sighed slowly.“Seriously, what am I doing, right?” Shinya chuckled again. Then, he fell silent, looking down at his food with a sad smile. He glanced at the empty seat at the table next to Yuu, where Mika would be sitting if he had stayed behind a little longer. His eyes looked distant, and Yuu felt his heart twinge sadly at the expression he wore. Shinya softly added, “Sorry… it’s my fault things have gotten awkward.”“Shinya, you should just talk-” Yuu started, but Guren nudged Shinya in the side with his elbow and caught his attention instead.“Shinya’s just an idiot, you know,” Guren scoffed, causing Shinya to pout childishly at him. “He may be spreading love to children worldwide, but he can’t manage to do the same for his own son. Really, it’s a shame he’s not more honest, since he  really  loves him.”“Guren!” Shinya whined, leaning closer to his husband with a stubborn gleam in his eyes, as if he was some embarrassed kid. Yuu was slightly amused at seeing their dynamic like this.“He keeps coming back because he’s worried about Mika, but always gets upset trying to figure out how to act around him,” Guren pointed out, looking more disappointed than ever as he sent a pointed glare in Shinya’s direction. Shinya caught the judgemental look in his eyes and sighed, then sulked against the table and placed his head in his hand with a sigh.“That’s enough about me already,” Shinya protested. Yuu stared at him, seeing Shinya in a different light now that he was learning about his personality and experience. To Mika, it looked like Shinya was some irresponsible man who took off on a plane without thinking too deeply about how that would affect Mika, his very own son. Yet now, Yuu was beginning to see the whole story slowly unfold before him. Shinya was someone who felt cornered by his future, who was so unhappy he could barely stand it, and now that he had taken a journey of self discovery, he was trying to mend the hearts he had broken- particularly, the one heart that meant the most to him.“As for Mika…” Shinya murmured, taking on a more serious tone than before. Yuu paid attention as he began to speak. “I know I left him when he needed a parent the most. I grew up under the Hyakuya family, so my own words… would probably only confuse Mika even more.” He straightened up and looked at Yuu, causing Yuu to blink with vague question.Instead of clearing up his ambiguous words, Shinya smiled and continued on. “Yuu-kun, please give Mika the support he needs,” Shinya asked, a fond light in his eyes. “Something tells me that you mean a lot to him, and… he really needs someone like you right about now.”Yuu gulped, his cheeks warming at Shinya’s words. Shinya didn’t know about their relationship and neither did Guren, but… even Shinya could tell they cared deeply for each other. Yuu nodded quickly and shoveled pancakes in his mouth to attempt to hide his embarrassment, which was unsuccessful. For the duration of the morning, Yuu begrudgingly dealt with Guren’s teasing (now combined with Shinya) until he left for school.It was a dreary morning as Yuu made his way towards the station, umbrella opened and leaning against his shoulder. He sighed as he walked slowly, step by step while lost in thought about Mika and Shinya. Everything the two of them were saying sounded true and honest misunderstandings between them. Yuu wondered more about what he could do to cause the them to simply talk, but his thoughts were interrupted when he heard a bicycle bell ringing to his right.“Yuu-san, you’re gonna be late!”Yuu turned with surprise, catching sight of Shinoa riding by, perched on a bicycle. She smiled and waved at him as she zoomed past, not showing any signs of slowing down.“Shinoa, you rode a bike today!?” Yuu yelled, immediately taking off in a run to catch up to her. “Lemme ride!”He managed to catch up as she stopped at a crosswalk, and Yuu hopped on the back, his umbrella bumping against hers. He tossed his bag in the basket at the front and grinned as he got comfortable, then held on to the edge of his seat as she rode onwards with a complaint. It didn’t last long, however; only moments later she sighed and said, “Yuu-san, you’re so heavy.”“Shut up, I had a good breakfast this morning,” Yuu protested softly.By the time they got to class, Yuu was all worked up with worry again. Shinoa didn’t seem to notice, still bright-eyed as usual as she went towards her seat. Yuu followed hesitantly, peering carefully out of the corner of his eye at Mika, who sat facing the front of the room, as still as a statue. He was slightly slouched over and clearly distressed; the sight had Yuu frowning, his heart squeezing with concern for his boyfriend. Students were all whispering about Mika, catching Yuu’s attention as he gazed at the back of Mika’s head with a deepening frown.“Is the Student Council President feeling sick?”“He wouldn’t reply when I tried to talk to him…”“I’m worried about him, but he’s so beautiful even when he’s sad.”“Yuu-san, the teacher’s coming, hurry in!” Shinoa called to him, breaking up the chatter buzzing around the classroom. Yuu snapped out of his daze and got to his seat, his feet feeling heavy with nervousness. He found himself staring at the rain droplets on the window as hours ticked by- he was barely listening to the teacher, who droned on about vectors and diagrams and whatnot, too distracted with his worry for Mika to pay close attention.What could Yuu do for Mika? He understood what Mika was feeling, but it was so hard to make him happy when Shinya was still around. Yuu leaned down against his desk and sighed, hoping that Mr. Eusford didn’t notice and call on him for any questions.After school was dismissed, Yuu and Shinoa sat side-by-side at a restaurant while Shinoa cackled over her phone. Yuu, still feeling distracted and worried about Mika, hadn’t been able to crack any smiles- he simply sighed and looked over at Shinoa’s screen.There were the selfies Shinoa had taken throughout the afternoon. In all of them, Yuu looked like a dead fish, and beside him Shinoa was cute and chipper as always.“Why’d you start laughing outta nowhere?” Yuu grumbled, peering at the pictures with slight embarrassment.“Well, Yuu-san, you’ve been making this same face all day!” She laughed harder, tears beading in the corners of her eyes as she pointed at a few particular images. “This is crazy! Ahaha…!”“I have problems I’m dealing with too, you know!” Yuu pouted and placed his face in his hands, squishing his cheeks against his fingers comically. Shinoa laughed at him for a moment before she caught her breath and wiped the tears from her eyes.“Sorry, sorry! It does seem like things have been rough lately, Yuu-san…” She tilted her head at Yuu, eyes glittering with understanding and causing Yuu’s heart to melt with instant gratitude for his friend.“Shinoa…!” Yuu cried out softly, like some sort of whimpering puppy. Shinoa puffed up from the praise in his tone and reached for Yuu’s hair, where she placed her hand on his head in a reassuring pat.“Now, no matter what happens, I’ll always be here to comfort you, like your doting mother!” Yuu let out a miserable little sound and leaned onto her, pressing his head against her chest with a defeated whine. She laughed softly and pet his hair, truly mimicking a mother and her crying child. “There, there, Yuu-san. Mama Shinoa can tell you’re doing your best, Yuu-san!”Before Yuu had a chance to respond, he felt his phone buzzing in his pocket. After straightening up, he saw it was from Guren. Confused, Yuu answered the call with tensed eyebrows. “Hello, Guren?”“Yuu? You picked up for once,” Guren huffed, though he sounded slightly worried. Yuu frowned slightly, shifting uncomfortably at his rather… strained tone.“What? What’s wrong?” Yuu asked, causing Shinoa to tilt her head with confusion at him. Yuu frowned at her and softly told her to wait for a moment, then got up and left the table to talk to Guren more privately.“Is Mika with you?” Guren asked tensely.“Mika? No, he’s not…” Yuu paused once he got outside of the restaurant, cupping the phone close to his ear. Shinoa peered at him worriedly through the glass window, and Yuu glanced at her apologetically before focusing back on Guren.“Shinya… that idiot stopped by my work to say goodbye. He’s going abroad again this evening already.” Guren sounded exasperated and more upset than anything. Yuu’s eyes widened at the unexpected and shocking news.“Huh!?”“I asked the Academy to tell Mika, but they couldn’t contact him… I hate to ask this, but Yuu, can you see him off?” At the question, Yuu tensed up and felt his heart begin to race nervously. It already  was  the evening- when was Shinya planning on leaving?“Where’s Shinya?” Yuu decided to ask first.“Heading to the airport… he said he was boarding the 6:40 train.” Yuu grit his teeth, feeling his gut twist with fear. Things couldn’t just end like this between Shinya and Mika for who knows how many months…! Yuu looked at his phone, his eyes widening in shock.“It’s  already  five!” Yuu yelled out loud, and flinched when he heard a bike bell ring out behind him.“Yuu-san!”Yuu turned around, shocked at the sight of Shinoa sitting on her bike. She must have left the restaurant and unlocked her bike from the rack while Yuu was talking. Even though she didn’t know what was going on, she sensed the urgency in Yuu’s expression and gestured to the seat behind her. She called out to him, “Hop on!”“A-Alright, I’ll do it!” Yuu said into the phone at Guren, then hung up and shoved his phone in his pocket. He would go see Shinya, surely- but he wasn’t going to go alone. Mika had to be there, whether he wanted to be or not. Without waiting a second longer, Yuu jumped onto the back of the bike, standing up tall with his hands gripping Shinoa’s shoulders. “We’re going to the Academy, Shinoa!”“Roger!” Shinoa called back to him, then began pedaling as fast as she could through the rain. They zoomed through the streets, this way and that with Yuu squinting against the cool rain droplets still falling from the sky. He held onto Shinoa’s shoulders tightly until they came to a skidding halt in front of the school. Yuu didn’t waste a moment- he jumped off the bike and charged up the stairs.“Shinoa, I’ll be back!” Yuu yelled.“Yeah!” She called out, waiting in place as Yuu rushed inside, making a beeline straight for the Student Council room. He passed up the lockers, noticing that Mika’s locker still held his shoes, meaning Yuu was right that Mika was still here. Once he barged inside the room, Yuu only saw Lacus and Rene seated at the table, organizing various papers calmly. Their eyes immediately raised to Yuu, wide with surprise. Yuu frantically looked around- it made no sense that Mika wasn’t in sight!“Is Mika here!?” Yuu yelled, and the two glanced at each other unsurely.“If you’re referring to the President, I think he already went home for the day,” Rene told him simply.“Huh!? No way! His shoes were still in his locker!” Yuu snapped.“How very odd…” Lacus tapped his chin, his eyebrows scrunching in thought. Yuu didn’t have time for this- Mika might be in the chairman’s office. That was his next guess.“Okay! Thank you!” Yuu slammed the doors shut and took off running to the chairman’s office next. His breathing was ragged by the time he slammed those doors open, eyes wide with worry as he called out, “Mika!”The office was dark and no one responded to his call. It was clear that Mika wasn’t there, either. Where on earth had he gone…!? Yuu grit his teeth and continued to sprint through the halls, determined to find Mika one way or another.He  had  to find him, or else Shinya would be gone for who knew how long, and nothing would be fixed…! *** A long time ago, it used to be peaceful for Mika to sit in the assistant chairman’s office. It felt like his father was still there, preparing to take over the Academy, working hard to understand how it all worked under the assistance of Urd. From father to son, the Academy’s future would be ensured… and eventually that position would become Mika’s. He had always known this- for this reason, Mika never considered a different future. Thinking deeply about what he wanted rather than what the family wanted and most importantly, what his  father  wanted was useless.But now, Mika was forced to reflect on everything. He sat there in Shinya’s old office chair, knees pressed to his chest as he stared at a formal photograph of Urd, Shinya and Mika, much younger than he was now. He realized that Shinya didn’t want this future for himself- that must be why he left. He came back, looking so carefree with his hair no longer formally slicked back on the side, and instead he wore a smile bright on his face.It was a smile unlike Mika had ever seen before.Was Shinya really so happy without Mika…?Mika felt his heart clench painfully at what he thought was a perfectly reasonable possibility. Sometimes, he wondered if he was a burden to Shinya, and that’s why he was always gone, far away from him.Mika always had a feeling that Shinya didn’t want to inherit the Academy, but he never wanted to face it. Mika never wanted to find out, so he never opened the letters piled up on his desk. He refused to hear it until Shinya said those dreaded words out loud, and it was then that Mika realized the truth he feared was indeed… the truth.All of Mika’s hard work, all of his dutiful training, all of his careful control of his self-image and the hours loaded into student governing… all of it was for nothing in the end. His father wouldn’t return to step back into his rightful shoes.Mika was only doing that hard work so that Shinya’s return could be an easy transition. At least, that’s what he thought until now. And if Shinya was never returning, then… Mika wondered what he truly wanted to do for the rest of his life for the first time.Did Mika actually… want the Academy for himself? Or did he actually want to consider other options?Mika blinked blearily down at the image of his father from before, when he was stern and level-headed and strict. Shinya stood there in the photo, eyebrows tense and face unsmiling as he looked straight at the camera, eyes cold, still blue. His silver hair was gelled back on one side, and he wore a dark, formal suit.Mika recalled the day they took that photo. Just before that photo session, Shinya had knelt down before Mika and handed him a present wrapped in thin, pastel-blue tissue paper.
 “Shinya?” Mika’s eyes were wide with curiosity as he looked down at the surprising gift. 

 “This is because I couldn’t make it to your Parent’s Day,” Shinya said, a small smile on his lips. Mika blinked down at the mysterious present and eagerly untied the ribbon, then peeled the paper aside. He pulled out a small stuffed bear on a keychain, and familiarity spiked in Mika’s heart almost immediately. He smiled widely, his cheeks flushing a rosy pink with happiness as he held it up on his finger. He had seen this bear before and wanted it…! It was… 

 “You kept eyeing it when we went to the amusement park, right?” Shinya said fondly, bringing the memory back to Mika’s attention. He was too busy grinning down at the bear to notice how Shinya seemed strained somehow, like the gift wasn’t enough. He added, “I couldn’t think of anything else to get.” 

 “Thank you…!” Mika beamed anyways, even if it wasn’t the coolest toy at the moment or anything like what his classmates got from their parents. Any gift from Shinya was one that Mika treasured, no matter what. Seeming to understand this, Shinya shyly lifted a hand and scratched at his neck. 

 “Oh, right, we need to give it a name.” Shinya glanced at the bear and gestured towards it with a nod of his head. 

 “A name?” Mika peered down at the keychain inquisitively. Then, he looked up at Shinya with a grin as he thought of a simple, yet obvious name for the toy. “Bear!” 

 Shinya simply chuckled and reached over, rustling Mika’s fluffy hair with a smile. The touch was warm and comforting along with the sound of his laugh, making Mika smile even wider. “Maybe some other time.” 
Mika sighed and hugged his knees tighter against his chest. He couldn’t believe Yuu had decided to give the bear a name all these years later, not even knowing the history it held and how Shinya had said almost the same words a long time ago. Mika’s lip began to tremble and he ducked his head down, tears brimming his eyes at the emotions that coursed through him from the simple, yet touching memory.Who was he supposed to be now that Shinya was not returning? What was his future now? Even more confusing, what did Mika want and who did he  want  to be…?
 “It is now time to leave the school. All students still on campus, please turn off the lights, close the windows, and watch for cars on your way home.” 
Mika heard Rene’s voice over the intercom, but he clenched his eyes shut, not wanting to listen or move and acknowledge that he had to leave the safe haven of the office. Shinya was at home, where Mika would have to further face these thoughts and uncertainties and possibly talk about them out loud. He didn’t want to go back and deal with it all...
 “We repeat, it is now time to leave school. All students still on camp- huh? What are you doing!?” 
Mika froze up as the intercom suddenly was shuffled around. Then, the voice he didn’t know he needed to hear broke through the speakers.
 “Mika! Listen! I’ve seen how hard you work for your father and this Academy!” 
Mika’s eyes widened and he sat up, his heart leaping into his chest. Yuu was yelling over the speakers, of all people…! He held his breath, listening as Yuu’s voice echoed throughout the office, as loud and jarring as ever. Yuu was still his usual obnoxious self, of course…  “You’ve done a good job, Mika, so don’t blame yourself anymore!” Mika felt tears blurring his vision as he listened to Yuu’s genuine words. His head swam with questions, with feelings that were indescribable for the guy yelling over the intercom in that moment. How could Yuu have known exactly what to say and  exactly  what Mika needed to hear…?
 “You’ve pushed yourself enough for someone else’s sake! Mika, let’s go see Shinya off! I’ll be waiting for you!” 
Mika listened as the intercom was shut off and his words were left lingering in the office.Go see Shinya off? Did that mean…Mika’s eyes widened with realization. Dread made his stomach tighten immediately.He got to his feet instantly, his heart pounding with alarm. There was no time to waste. *** “I can’t believe that’s what you were up to!”Yuu sighed as he leaned against the lockers near the front doors, hearing Lacus’s rampage but not truly listening. He closed his eyes with a short sigh, letting the purple-haired student’s words go in one ear and out the other. The Vice President went on, “You very well may be expelled for this reckless stunt! I’m telling you this for your own-”“Yuu-chan!”Yuu jolted to attention, eyes wide as both he and Lacus turned around. Mika was there, out of breath and bright blue eyes wide and sparkling with worry. Lacus seemed stunned at the sight of Mika, so shattered and desperate rather than stoic and cool-headed as usual. He gasped, “President?”Yuu’s eyes watered with the intense emotion that rose in his chest. His heart swelled with hope at the sight of Mika, who very clearly rushed from wherever he was and understood the severity of the situation. Yuu knew that if they hurried, he could bring Mika to Shinya just in time. He ran over to the blond and grabbed his wrist, then turned on his heel and took off, dragging Mika behind him. “Let’s go, Mika!”Shinoa got off her bike when they arrived in front of her, knowing Yuu would return it to her as soon as he could. After promising to explain to Shinoa later, Yuu got on the bike and Mika hopped on behind him. Mika silently leaned forward and wrapped his arms tightly around Yuu’s waist as Yuu began pedaling away. His eyes were narrowed in determination as they went to the train station, whirring past the city as fast as Yuu’s legs could possibly take them. He grit his teeth as they rose a particularly high hill, then ducked low as they practically flew down its other side. Somehow, Yuu managed to steer the bike to make a sharp turn without crashing, and then he was driving straight through busy traffic. He zoomed between cars, eyes searching street signs to ensure he was still going the right way.“Yuu-chan, why do you always act without thinking?” Mika murmured into his ear from behind, making Yuu’s cheeks warm slightly with embarrassment.“I  am  thinking!” Yuu hotly defended, pedaling faster as they went under a bridge and passed onto a new road. “I thought about you a whole lot and decided to do this!”“That’s not answering the question…” Mika said, now resting his cheek against Yuu’s back. He squeezed onto his waist a little tighter, making Yuu’s body warm with the feeling of being held so sweetly by his beloved boyfriend.“There is no right answer,” Yuu replied from over his shoulder, a bold smile on his face. His eyes glittered as he loudly stated, “It’s because I  want  to do this, duh!”Mika didn’t say anything in response- he stared in awe at Yuu, lips parted slightly with amazement. After laughing softly, Yuu turned back around and focused on their destination, speeding up to catch traffic lights and taking as many shortcuts as he could think of. They rode along past the river, where a flock of birds were startled by their speedy pace and decided to fly up into the air. The birds glided alongside them momentarily, creating a lovely scene around them before they rose into the sky, and Yuu found himself gazing at them for a few seconds before focusing back on their route. He couldn’t let himself slow down, not now.After what seemed like ages, Yuu brought the bike to a screeching halt in front of the station. Both he and Mika leapt off and barged inside the station, simultaneously apologizing to the businessman they almost trampled on their way in.“Shinya’s still here, right?” Yuu thought out loud as they rushed down the stairs. They slid their cards along the reader for tickets just to get inside, even if they weren’t taking the train in the end. As soon as they got down onto the platform, Yuu’s eyes searched their surroundings and-  thank god-  Shinya was standing there, suitcase stationed beside him.“Shinya!” Yuu yelled, his voice echoing powerfully inside the station. Surprised, Shinya turned to look at them, eyes widened.“Yuu-kun? Mika…” Shinya blinked, stunned at the sight of them. Yuu panted heavily to catch his breath, his eyes glimmering with determination as he looked over to Mika. He joined his side and pressed his hand against Mika’s back. Mika was looking down at his feet, his expression troubled and tense with hesitation.“Go on, hurry,” Yuu whispered, nudging Mika forward. Then, Mika slowly looked up, eyes watering as he met Shinya’s gaze from the distance between them.“Shinya…” Mika finally spoke, voice trembling before he grit his teeth and looked down again. He was clearly afraid to go on, and feeling an urge to support him, Yuu pursed his lips and thought of what to say.Instead of speaking, Yuu figured something else would be more powerful than words. Yuu’s hand slid lower until it fell from Mika’s back, and then he reached down to grip Mika’s hand tightly. The firm touch seemed to surprise Mika, who flinched and looked down with wide eyes at their joined hands. Then, his attention trailed up to Yuu’s face, who smiled softly at him before turning to steadily look ahead at Shinya.Mika squeezed his hand, following Yuu’s lead and turning his face to Shinya instead. Then, he released Yuu’s hand and finally took the first step forward. Yuu hung back back, watching proudly as Mika went up to Shinya step by step until he was running to reach him.Yuu’s heart swelled as they talked, watching as Shinya smiled at Mika, cheeks pinkish with joy. He couldn’t hear what they were saying, but that was alright. Yuu wanted this moment to be theirs.It wasn’t until the train arrived that Yuu joined Mika’s side again and watched as Shinya stepped onto the train. Once on board, Shinya stopped and turned around, facing them with a fond smile as the doors closed between them, separating them for one last time.“Take care!” Yuu beamed and waved his hand back and forth.Quietly, Mika added beside him, “Take care…” Then, he looked up with sparkling eyes and a smile as he said, “Papa.”Shinya’s eyes widened and his eyes glittered with happiness. He reached up and scratched his neck, clearly unsure what to do now that he was so overjoyed. Yuu smiled even wider, watching as the train slowly began to pull away. He waved with both hands now and yelled, “Come back home soon!”The train then rode away into the tunnel, and as it got farther away, silence settled around them. Yuu took a deep breath, relieved that they made it in time more than anything else.“Yuu-chan.”Yuu turned around, eyes round with question.“I’m inheriting that Academy.” Mika had his chin raised high and eyes glimmering with determination and resolve. Yuu’s lips parted in awe at the sight, and he watched silently as Mika added, “This time, because it’s the path I chose.”Yuu smiled widely at the sight of Mika, looking so sure of himself for the first time probably… ever. Mika had started moving forward for himself, finally. Yuu nodded with encouragement, his smile barely contained. “Yeah, sounds good!” *** Late that night, when they were back in their room, Mika decided to open all the letters and read them. Yuu sat on the bed behind him, watching as Mika carefully pulled the paper out of each envelope and read silently. Then, he would fold them up and put them back, move them to a separate pile and open the next envelope. Yuu allowed him this peaceful silence for a while, but he was too curious for his own good. Yuu wouldn’t go reading through the letters without permission, but he was still wondering about some things.“Hey, Mika… what were you talking to Shinya about at the station?” Yuu asked, swaying his feet slightly above the floor.Mika lowered the letter he was currently reading as he answered Yuu. “The same thing I was five years ago. The only difference… is that I’ve matured enough to understand what my father was saying. My father wanted to look for something badly enough that he left the Hyakuya family. That’s all.” He then raised a photograph up to Yuu, extending it for Yuu to take. Yuu tilted his head and looked at the photo, which was of Shinya surrounded by a bunch of young children. He was laughing and his eyes were bright with pure, unmistakable happiness.Yuu felt his eyes blur with twisting, churning emotions. Mika finally understood, after all this time… hearing him say it out loud had Yuu sniffling, and suddenly before he knew it, he was crying. Tears streamed down his face without a single warning and noticing this, Mika turned around, eyes wide.“Why are you crying?” Mika asked, voice tense with worry.“I wonder why…” Yuu choked out and rubbed at his teary face, sniffling pitifully between hiccups. “I’m just really relieved, that’s all. Sorry… I’m sure you’re the one who really wants to cry.” He smiled awkwardly at Mika, who was staring at him with wide, bright blue eyes. Yuu looked away, flustered that he was crying so much over Mika’s family and life when Mika was right there.The mattress dipped beside him. At the same time, Yuu felt a hand on his face, turning him to look a certain way. Yuu blinked his eyes open, only catching sight of Mika for a second before their lips touched in a tender, affectionate kiss. Yuu shuddered and closed his eyes again, feeling tears gush from the corners of his eyes as he molded his lips against Mika’s.Mika’s fingers slid up into his hair, combing it gently and comfortingly as their lips meshed together this way and that. Pleasant waves of warmth washed through Yuu’s body and he felt his cheeks warm with the feeling. Their fingers sought out each other and laced together tenderly, bringing them closer together with every press of their lips.When they finally parted, Yuu was slightly dizzy, out of breath and panting slightly. Mika was in a similar state, his eyes glassy and face flushed as he looked at Yuu, searching his eyes for more. Yuu blushed and scooted closer, sitting himself in Mika’s lap and looping his arms around his shoulders before kissing him deeper than before. A surprised moan rumbled in Mika’s throat and he kissed back, tilting his head back to accept Yuu’s eager tongue.“Nnh…” Yuu shivered as Mika’s hands slid up his back, feeling and exploring tentatively. His body curved under Mika’s touch, and he flushed as Mika’s hands slid down to his hips, where he held on and rubbed circles into Yuu’s skin with his thumbs. Yuu felt a stirring in his gut and heat rushed low, making him whimper into Mika’s mouth and rock his hips forward. God,  how he wanted more… he craved Mika’s touch. He wanted Mika to kiss him everywhere, to touch him where no one else had ever touched before. He remembered Mika’s nude body, even if he had only caught a momentary glimpse of it. His skin was so smooth, his body was lean and muscular all at once, sporting a tasteful number of curves and the best mixture of delicacy and strength in the same person.Yuu was overwhelmed with the man who was holding him close. He was eager for more, and Mika could probably feel it in his hungry, excitable kisses. Yet Mika still pulled away, breaking their kiss with a teasing smirk on his lips as he said, “Yuu-chan… we have to be up early tomorrow for school.”Yuu whimpered with frustration and looked into Mika’s eyes pleadingly. “Mika…”“Not yet,” Mika whispered, gazing into Yuu’s eyes with a clever glint in those shining azure irises. “We need to get to bed for now, Yuu-chan. Be patient.”Yuu huffed and slid off his lap, a pout on his lips. “Fine…” He tucked himself under the covers, trying to fight the burning fire in his core and hot blush on his cheeks. “Goodnight, Mika…-!?”His breath hitched as Mika curled up behind him and pulled Yuu into his arms, cuddling him in a tender embrace. Yuu flushed as his back was pressed up against Mika’s front, just as they usually held each other. Sometimes, Yuu was the one to hold Mika this way with Mika’s back against his front, but he was beaten to the punch this time.“Goodnight, Yuu-chan.” Mika pressed a soft kiss to Yuu’s ear, causing a blush to bleed across his face at the soft, yet suggestive gesture.Yuu was up for a long time after that, distracted with his pounding heart. *** Yuu was completely caught off guard.In one moment, Yuu was shrugging his shirt off his shoulders, intending to change out of his uniform. He was alone in his room, so there was no need to be shy- but in the next moment, Yuu was pushed down onto the bed without warning. A gasp broke from his lips as Mika suddenly was on top of him him, his own shirt discarded and left somewhere else in the room.Yuu didn’t care to look for where their clothes went. He was too busy gaping at Mika’s heart-stoppingly seductive expression, his eyes watering with lust as he crawled over Yuu’s body. His muscles flexed beneath his smooth, delicate skin, his alluring face flushed red with desire. Yuu found himself blushing from ear to ear, shakily stammering out, “M-Mika…!”Mika didn’t say much as he came closer and closer, his hands sliding up Yuu’s arms and pinning his wrists to the mattress. His voice was low and raspy as he leaned down and whispered, “Yuu-chan…”Yuu flushed hot from head to toe, feeling blood burn the tips of his ears bright red as he averted his eyes with embarrassment. The afternoon sun shone through the blinds, illuminating them in bright sunlight. He could hear the clattering of dishes in the kitchen- and of all things, the door was even cracked open!Yuu struggled against Mika’s tight hold, feeling his heart pound faster and faster in his chest from nervousness. Guren was home, and could see them if he even walked down the hallway… Yuu hissed between his teeth, “W-We can’t go further right now…!”“Yuu-chan, I…” Mika whispered, leaning down despite Yuu’s gentle protests. Yuu froze up entirely, enticed with the sound of Mika’s voice. His eyes locked onto Mika’s glimmering azure ones as his breath fanned warmly over Yuu’s parted mouth. “I love…”Yuu’s breath hitched as Mika leaned down, pressing his body  against Yuu fully as their lips brushed against each other-And then, Yuu’s eyes snapped open. He gasped as he sat up abruptly, his head spinning and heart racing as he blinked rapidly while gradually taking in his surroundings.He had fallen asleep… on the floor of his own room.Mika was sitting just a meter or so away, seated by a pile of notebooks while flipping through an opened textbook. His eyebrows twitched with irritation as he glanced over at Yuu, clearly not impressed with his current sleepy state. “Please stay focused. I’m helping you study for your own sake.”Yuu groaned and scratched at his head as he woke himself up. He must have dozed off and gotten lost in his own daydream while looking blankly at his notes. He pouted in Mika’s direction, but to no avail: Mika simply looked back at his flashcards as if Yuu wasn’t even there. Slightly grumpy at Mika’s attitude, Yuu thought sourly, I can see my beloved boyfriend is as cold as ever today... “If you want to keep Grandfather happy, you need to place within at least the top hundred,” Mika informed him, but Yuu glanced aside, not truly listening to Mika’s advice. He became flustered as he remembered his short, yet erotic dream of him and Mika, shirtless on the bed, doing something scandalous with Guren still in the house… Yuu’s cheeks warmed quickly. The reason he couldn’t focus was because he was too damn horny to concentrate…!Mika had teased him for so long now, and now that Yuu told him not to hold back, Mika had been slower than ever! It was the opposite effect Yuu had intended and he found himself sighing deeply, slouching against his bookcase with a longing look in his eyes. He gazed at Mika with a slight frown, his face reddish with desire and eyes glittering with clear friskiness.Mika glanced at him, studying his expression before tensing and swiftly looking away. He seemed shy as he fiddled with his hair, tucking a blond lock behind his ear as he cleared his throat and said, “At this rate, you’ll be held back or expelled.”Yuu stared at him closer, noticing how Mika’s cheeks dusted just the slightest shade of pink. His heart sped up, hoping that Mika’s expression meant that he had noticed Yuu’s hungry gaze. Feeling encouraged, Yuu tensed up in his spot as his heart began to race. He didn’t want to simply move on from the moment and let the tension hang in the air. He scooted over to Mika, fueled by his pounding heart and the heat coiling in his gut.“Hey, Mika…” Yuu sat up on his knees and pulled Mika into a suggestive embrace, his arms loosely around Mika’s shoulders as he leaned into his ear, hidden beneath blond waves of hair. His breath tickled the strands as he whispered, “Why are you holding back so much, even when I told you not to? Explain it so even an idiot like me will get it…” Mika’s breath hitched slightly and Yuu tightened his hold on his boyfriend, heart racing even faster. “If you tell me, I’ll be sure to study… I-I have no idea how to act around you right now, I just… I-I want-”“Yuu-chan.” Mika’s voice was slightly hushed. Yuu paused and blinked, looking as Mika turned in his arms so that their noses bumped together. He peered into Yuu’s eyes, his gaze deep blue and sincere as he whispered, “I want to take my time with you. I don’t want to rush into anything too quickly.” He paused, glancing down to Yuu’s lips as he added, “But I want to go a little further with you right now… so if I do, will you study?”Yuu eagerly nodded up and down, not giving himself a chance to speak before he dove in, locking their lips together with an eager, muffled moan. He slid into Mika’s lap again, thighs bordering Mika’s hips as he settled there and threaded his fingers through Mika’s addictingly soft hair. He stroked and petted through the silky strands as their tongues slid together, hot and wet and so damn erotic Yuu was certain he was getting hard already. He trembled, desperate to know what Mika was going to do to him, yet even more excited at the suspense of leaving it a mystery.Mika nipped down hard on Yuu’s lip, earning a pleading whimper from Yuu. He tugged on Mika’s hair, causing the blond to groan lowly and swipe his tongue long the roof of Yuu’s mouth. Yuu gasped when their lips parted with a smack, his vision hazy and heated already as Mika kissed down his jaw, pausing to lick and nip at his skin as he went lower and lower.Yuu tilted his head to the side, panting softly as Mika tugged at his shirt collar, then instead reached up to unbutton it down to his stomach. He gave up once it was opened widely enough, diving in to Yuu’s collarbones and latching his teeth onto the soft, smooth skin there.“H-Hah…!” Yuu whimpered as Mika bit into his skin, tugging it between his teeth and sucking harshly to leave a mark. His hips rolled slightly, creating a burning friction between their bodies, and Yuu made sure Mika could feel the hard-on concealed in his slacks against his stomach. Mika reached down, sliding his hands along Yuu’s hips before dipping them lower and lower, seeking out something more. Yuu trembled, flushing red as Mika began biting at the flesh on his chest, suckling another mark there while unashamedly reaching down and finally taking hold of his buttocks.“M-Mika…  nnh!”  Yuu shuddered as Mika groped the supple flesh of Yuu’s ass, kneading the cheeks beneath his palms while hungrily leaving mark after mark on Yuu’s skin. Yuu was panting against Mika’s fluffy hair- he was intoxicated with the scent of apple shampoo and everything else that made up Mika, his fingers tightening in the soft locks demandingly. He rolled his ass against Mika’s palms, loving the feeling of being fondled so dirtily. If only his pants didn’t separate them, then maybe-“Oi, do you two want any study snacks?”Yuu was shoved away from Mika so fast that he had no time to react to the push he felt on his body. Yuu hit the ground so hard he thought the world was spinning, and after he realized what happened, he sat up on his elbows weakly to stare desperately at Mika, betrayal written across his features.Despite Yuu’s kicked-puppy-like expression, Mika’s face was flushed hot red, his eyes glassy with desire as he stared back at Yuu. He hesitated for a moment, glancing at Yuu’s messy state before he forced his eyes away, then cleared his throat and looked back to his notes. Guren’s voice from just outside the door had jerked them both out of their heated states. Mika curtly replied, “No thanks, Guren, but thank you for the offer.”“The hell was that thunk?” Guren inquired from outside the door. Yuu’s heart raced with panic at the mere thought of Guren walking inside, seeing Yuu with his clothes all disheveled, face red and hickies all over his chest. He quickly sat up with an obnoxious wail.“N-N-Nothing! I just tripped!” Yuu replied loudly, his voice trembling as he lied through his teeth.“Idiot Yuu,” Guren scoffed, then after a moment’s pause, he walked away step by step. Yuu sighed deeply, feeling his alarmed heart begin to slow down as he slumped against the bookcase. He reached up, tenderly rubbing at the back of his head, where he had whacked his skull against the floor when Mika pushed him away.“Did you really have to  throw  me?” Yuu complained, sharply and stubbornly glaring at Mika.Mika took a deep breath and looked back at their notes. “Get back to studying now, Yuu-chan.”Yuu sighed defeatedly, feeling an ache between his legs as he was denied release once again. Mika was just too cruel... he wasn’t sure how much longer he could deal with this. The tension was going to  kill  him. *** Yuu groaned dramatically at the screen of the arcade game he was just playing that read, ‘GAME OVER: All hope is lost.’ It was pitifully descriptive of Yuu’s current situation with Mika, and he couldn’t help but to despair over the similarity between the desolate phrase on his screen and his own predicament.“I understand clearly…!” Yuu cried out, then slumped to his knees before the screen with an overly exaggerated sob. Shinoa sighed beside him, holding her plastic gun against her shoulder with a disappointed look down at Yuu.“Ah, jeez… you’re going too far forward on your own!” She scolded his playing tactics, but Yuu’s mind wasn’t on the game before him. He was too busy being painfully sexually frustrated over Mika- just why did he have to be such a damn  tease…!? “How can he not make a move now…!?” Yuu groaned out loud, pounding his fist against the controls with a defeated, slightly strangled whine. Small tears beaded at the corners of his eyes- he was going to burst if Mika made him wait much longer…!“You’re all over the place…” Shinoa sighed while running a hand through her lavender hair. She glanced to the side in thought, tapping her finger against her lips. “Has studying been that hard?”“I wasn’t even the first to make a move, and now he wants to take his time…!?” Yuu continued to complain out loud, barely noticing Shinoa’s remark.“Well, yeah, that’s the kind of game it is…” Shinoa murmured, glancing between Yuu and the screen speculatively. She was clearly trying to attempt connecting the game and Yuu’s rambling nonsense, not realizing they were not at all related. Perhaps she did realize it, but she was just giving Yuu some slack for once. Yuu was too distracted to ponder it.“I keep getting into my thoughts, getting worked up and then I have trouble sleeping, but still…!” Yuu talked to the ground, still slumped over on the arcade game’s controls, gripping his plastic gun weakly between his fingers.“Yuu-san, seriously…” Shinoa groaned, clearly wanting the context behind Yuu’s laments, but knowing she wouldn’t get the story so easily from Yuu when it was something so embarrassing as being  blue-balled  over and over.“Maybe I should play hard to get…” Yuu pondered through a heavy sigh. If he tried to avoid Mika, maybe Mika would come after him out of frustration… or would he be stronger than that? Yuu had no way of knowing right there and then. Sensing his hopelessness, Shinoa leaned down next to him and patted his head reassuringly.“Yuu-san, you’re putting too much into it.” Yuu was suddenly pulled back from the game’s controls by Shinoa and forced to sit upright. She made him turn his head to look to the side. “See? Look at that guy!” Yuu blinked as his attention was brought to someone a few games away, holding both guns in his hand and shooting expertly at the screen, headphones secured over his ears. Yuu blinked widely at the kid, impressed at his swift, calculated movements. Shinoa went on, “He’s adapting to his enemies’ movements and easily defeating them.”Yuu studied the kid, a soft sigh escaping his lips. He seemed so concentrated, with round olive green eyes locked onto the screen, eyebrows slanted with determination. Curly brown hair framed his face, and he was rather short and slender for a guy, but he was clearly a seasoned player, no matter how young he looked. His lips were pursed and his cheeks were slightly chubby, showing his youthful energy, but he was clearly not someone to be messed with.“Wait…” Yuu murmured, suddenly feeling the creeping sensation of recognition. The profile of that kid slowly brought memories up in his mind- particularly one recurring memory of a little boy with bright, owlish eyes, always looking up at him with a wide, cheerful smile.This little boy was always calling out to him:  “Yuu-kun, Yuu-kun!” Yuu gaped as he shot to his feet, eyes wide with realization. That guy holding the guns connected to the game was his former neighbor, the little boy who lived only a few doors down from him, who he played with for years of his childhood before he and Guren moved for the first time! It was…“Yoichi!?”“Hmm…?” The boy in question glanced at Yuu from the corner of his eye, pausing before turning to look at Yuu directly from where he stood. A smile crept onto his face, his eyes lighting up in that familiar way that Yuu hadn’t realized he missed so much until just then. “Yuu-kun, is that you?”Yuu beamed as Yoichi removed his headphones and came over to the two of them, a friendly smile on his face. “No way- Yoichi, the hell are you doing here!? It’s been ages!”“Well, I thought I’d try out a new arcade, and somehow, here you are!” Yoichi giggled, eyes glinting as he looked to Yuu’s short, lavender-haired companion. He straightened up and said to her, “Nice to meet you! I’m Saotome Yoichi!”“I’m Shinoa, nice to meet you.” Shinoa tilted her head curiously at the newcomer, a smile curling on her lips. “You were pretty badass playing that game, you know. I was impressed. I don’t think I could get that good no matter how hard I tried.”“Ahaha, I just spend too much time playing these games…” Yoichi scratched the back of his head modestly, his cheeks tinting pink like they always did when someone complimented him. Yuu was smiling so much; he hadn’t realized how much he missed his old friend.“We lived in the same neighborhood as kids, so we played together a lot,” Yuu explained with an excitable glance to Shinoa.“So he’s your childhood friend, huh?” She mused, head tilted with intrigue.“If I had to say, he’s more like a little brother,” Yuu commented as he joined Yoichi’s side. He raised a hand to ruffle his fluffy brown hair, causing Yoichi to squirm with protest under his palm. “He’s grown so much since the last time I saw him!”“Don’t treat me like a kid!” Yoichi protested, cheeks reddening with embarrassment. “I’m a second-year in middle school now!”“Sorry, sorry,” Yuu snickered, lowering his hand with a smirk. “So you came all the way out here just to try a new arcade?”“Yup!” Yoichi nodded ecstatically. “It’s a coincidence that I ran into you today, though. I’m glad! I didn’t know where you were living now, but I guess you’re in the area. So let’s have some fun tonight, Yuu-kun!”“Eh…” Yuu glanced at his phone, squinting at the time despite his excitement at running into Yoichi after all these years. “It’s late, Yoichi. Shouldn’t you be getting back home? Isn’t your sister wondering where you’re at?”“You’re so kind, Yuu-kun… you haven’t changed at all!” Yoichi said, eyes trailing down to Yuu’s phone with a curious gleam in his eyes. He expertly diverged the subject of the conversation as he asked, “Oh, who’s that on your lock screen, Yuu-kun?”Yuu blanked for a moment, staring at Yoichi before bringing his eyes back down to his phone. It was… a photo of him and Mika, close together and blushing happily with Shinoa and Lacus in the background. That’s right… they had all gone to the amusement park together and taken that photo. Yuu stuttered, too embarrassed to explain his situation to someone like Yoichi.“N-No one!” Yuu stammered and shoved his phone in his pocket, hoping to hide it away from Yoichi’s eyesight before he looked too closely. “H-Hey, Shinoa, let’s head home for today! We don’t want any patrolling teachers to find us in our uniforms. And I need to go shopping for dinner…!”“Can I walk with you to the station?” Yoichi asked, an innocent smile on his face.“Sure!” Yuu gestured for him to follow as Shinoa stepped past him. All together, they headed off to the train…… but got very easily side-tracked. The karaoke place on the way there was just too enticing, and hours later, Yuu was breathing heavily into the microphone after belting out a particularly wild song.“Yuu-kun, you’re awesome!” Yoichi cheered, clapping together excitedly as Yuu stood on the cushion inside the karaoke room, one foot braced against the table theatrically.“Thank you, everyone!” He yelled into the mic, not minding the fact that he was only talking to two people. He bowed as if he was a rockstar, yelling out, “I love you!”After a laugh and another round of applause, Yuu sat down and nudged Shinoa. “It’s your turn.”“I guess, but isn’t it about time for us to go?” Shinoa said with some concern in her eyes, looking rather surprised at the time shown on the clock in the room. “It’s a lot later than before…”“Huh? Oh, sure,” Yuu blinked, glancing between Shinoa and Yoichi with shock. He hadn’t realized how much time had passed between their initial attempt to leave and now. He reached into his pocket and said, “I’ll pay the bill first!”A moment later, Shinoa gaped at her phone, letting out a strangled sound of horror. “Nee-san…!”“Huh?” Yuu froze and blinked at Shinoa, watching as she stared at her phone with utter fear in her eyes.“Sorry, Yuu-san! I need to dash home fast! Let’s have fun together again soon, okay? It’s a promise!” Shinoa’s words came out in a hurry as she grabbed her things and scrambled to the door. Yuu watched with wonder as she bolted with a sudden goodbye, then slammed the door shut behind her.“Wow…” Yuu stared at the closed door in wonder. “That was fast. Well… uh, Yoichi, we should head out, too-” When he brought his eyes back to Yoichi, he was stunned to see the brunette with the landline in his hand, calling the front desk of the karaoke place with a grin on his face.“An extension, please!” Yoichi called over the phone, his voice sing-song and carefree.“Hey!” Yuu gaped in shock as Yoichi hung up after loudly making his request. He smiled as he turned over his shoulder.“Who cares? I’m paying for it,” Yoichi insisted. “Besides, there are still things I want to ask you.”He said the last statement with a devious smile. Yuu gulped, staring at Yoichi with a fearful, fluttering heart. Yuu felt a creeping sensation in his gut, making him nervous and flustered at the implication in Yoichi’s tone. He wasn’t going to ask about… Mika, was he?“Huh?” Yuu replied dumbly, pretending not to know anything as he stared back at Yoichi.“Hey, Yuu-kun…” Yoichi strode away from the phone, instead taking a seat on the couch across from Yuu with a knowing smile on his lips.“You’re in love with someone, right?”



Chapter End Notes
I promise Yoichi isn't evil in this fic. I can see him being sinister like Matsuri if done right, but... idk. Matsuri is a huge pain in the ass in canon, lol. I plan on doing something else with his character, so stay tuned! ^-^ Thanks for reading!


Chapter 7
Chapter Summary
Yuu's childhood friend Yoichi interrogates Yuu about the person he's in love with. Mika gets the wrong idea about it all.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




The question that came from Yoichi’s mouth was something Yuu was… slightly expecting to hear, yet it felt like a whole different situation when he asked out loud. Yoichi sat across from him, appearing as if he was smiling innocently, yet Yuu knew his friend better. Yoichi’s eyes glimmered coyishly, far too observant and knowledgeable for Yuu’s comfort.How the hell did Yoichi figure that out in such a short amount of time…? Yuu swallowed as his cheeks colored bright red, revealing his emotions without words to the other boy before Yuu himself was even ready to acknowledge them.
 Love… 
Yuu flustered over the word. To be in love with Mika was a whole different experience than simply liking him. The thought had crossed his mind in moments of intense passion, when their lips were locked together and their hands roamed each others bodies greedily- but he had yet to truly say those three words to Mika and… he had yet to admit them to himself as well.“W-Well, of course there would be someone I like…” Yuu stammered out his awkward response, immediately averting his eyes to avoid Yoichi’s prying gaze. His heart fluttered quickly as he decided to change the subject and attempt to focus on Yoichi instead. “D-Don’t you have someone, Yoichi?”“I do!” Yoichi admitted, a pleasant smile on his face. Yuu’s eyes widened and he sat upright, actually surprised to hear such a thing.“Huh? Who?” Yuu asked, head tilting curiously.“I’m not telling until you answer my question.” Yoichi smirked and placed his chin in his hand. Yuu sighed defeatedly, lowering his eyes with embarrassment. He guessed it wouldn’t be so simple to escape Yoichi’s prying personality. Part of his reluctance to tell Yoichi was because he saw Yoichi like a little brother, so it was almost awkward to talk about these sorts of things with him. And more importantly to Yuu, he wasn’t sure if Yoichi would think it’s... weird that Yuu liked another guy.Yoichi wouldn’t be the kind of person to be disgusted with him- Yuu knew that much, but it still made him nervous to admit something about his sexuality out loud to others. Shinoa knew most things, but at least they were the same age…“The one you love is the guy on your lockscreen with the blond hair, right?”Yuu nearly choked on his own breath. His eyes widened and he felt his face flush hot, revealing that Yoichi had hit the nail on the head. Knowing he was right, Yoichi laughed softly, as if he was a mother teasing her child about romance and who he had a crush on. It was ironic, considering how Yuu was the older one in the room. His heart raced rapidly in his chest, but seeing how Yoichi continued to smile, Yuu figured he was safe to assume that Yoichi wasn’t grossed out about this fact.“I’m so jealous!” Yoichi admitted with a playful smile. “He’s really handsome, Yuu-kun!”“M-Mika is…” Yuu started to say something, his voice weak with embarrassment, but he wasn’t sure how to continue on. His heart was racing and he suddenly felt so shy, talking about this sort of thing with Yoichi. How did Yoichi figure it out just from seeing one picture…!?“Oh? His name’s Mika.” Yoichi seemed pleased to learn his name. “How do you know him? Is he a classmate?”“Uh… well, he’s…” Yuu struggled with how to explain their relation. It was sort of awkward now that he thought about it, and he raised his hand to scratch the back of his head hesitantly. “Yeah, he’s a classmate. He’s… sort of like family, too…?”“What do you mean by family? Yuu-kun, you’re an only child, right?” Yoichi tilted his head again, blinking curiously at Yuu. “Oh, wait, was it a remarriage? Are you living with him?”Yuu nodded quickly, his cheeks burning a bit hotter at how quickly and easily Yoichi was reading the situation. “Yeah, he’s… Guren’s husband’s son.”“Husband…” Yoichi’s eyes widened. “Guren was married to a woman before, so… he’s bisexual?”“I guess,” Yuu shrugged. “I dunno.”“Hm.” Yoichi tapped his finger to his lip. “So that makes Mika-kun like your brother, right?”“Ew!” Yuu shook his head quickly and flailed his hands, immediately recoiling at the mere thought. “No, no, no. We don’t act like that at all. He’s my boyfriend!”After blurting it out like that, Yuu’s face flushed red again. His heart fluttered quickly as he said it, but inside he secretly got unreasonably happy.Mika was his boyfriend… that had been true for some time now, but he didn’t often talk about it out loud to others. Saying it to someone made him giddy and he dropped his hands into his lap, squeezing them together as his stomach swooped with joy.“Does the rest of your family know that you’re together?” Yoichi asked, blinking inquisitively at Yuu as he struggled not to smile too broadly. “What will you do in the future?”Yuu hesitated at that question, his smile faltering slightly. He hadn’t even thought about the future yet, let alone telling Guren or Shinya about their relationship. Now that he was talking about it with Yoichi, he began to wonder if it was too weird to say that they were dating. They were technically related in the eyes of the law… and what would Guren think?Guren wouldn’t be against the fact that they were both guys, considering how he married Shinya, but… Yuu fidgeted, now beginning to feel upset about these problems. He was suddenly getting worried about the future of their relationship for the first time thanks to Yoichi’s questions.Things were fine for now, but how long would they be fine for? How long until they had to face these problems and their consequences?Before Yuu had a chance to respond, his phone suddenly began ringing. He looked down at it, confused by the sight of an unknown number. It was from a public telephone, which was unusual, but it might be someone important. Yuu made the decision to answer. “Hello?”“Yuu-chan?”Yuu’s eyes widened as his heart jolted with surprise. “Mika!?”“Yeah, I forgot my cell at home, so I had to call from here,” Mika laughed softly at his surprised reaction. His voice was soft and tender as it usually was when he spoke to Yuu outside of school, making Yuu’s heart flutter with happiness. “I’m out shopping for our dinner, but I don’t know what to buy. If there’s something you need, would you tell me what it is?”“Yeah, sorry,” Yuu apologized with a small smile on his lips. Just hearing Mika’s voice made him so happy… their conversation sounded so domestic, like they were… Yuu shook the thought from his head before he could get even more flustered than he already was. Yuu added, “It was my turn tonight, too. Just buy whatever you’d like, Mika. I’ll make it for us when I get home.”“So figure it out myself? All right,” Mika said. “I’ll see you at home.” Then, Mika hung up and Yuu looked at the phone pleasantly. It was Mika’s first time calling him, and even if it was just to shop for dinner, it was… so tender and casual, like they had been together for years or more. Yuu took a deep breath, feeling the urge to simply cherish the feelings he had right there and then, and to worry about the future later.“Sorry, Yoichi! I need to go home,” Yuu decided to say, an apologetic laugh ending his sentence. Yoichi pouted slightly, but he seemed to understand as Yuu gathered his things and got to his feet. Feeling bad about leaving Yoichi there all on his own, Yuu paused and gestured to the door. “Wanna walk to the station together? I think the one I need to go to is a different direction than yours, but I can take a longer route to keep you company.”“Sure!” Yoichi agreed and also got up, seeming happy to spend at least a little more time with Yuu. Together, they walked out of the karaoke place and headed back, side by side as they chatted about school and the like. *** Many things were going through Mika’s head on his walk home. With dinner clutched in his hands, he made his way down the busy streets, eyes vacantly set ahead. He felt… somehow lighter recently, like his footsteps weren’t so weighed down by the pressures of the world. Mika knew it was thanks to Shinya, and even more thanks to Yuu, who pushed him to talk to Shinya after all these years.Mika had deeply thought about what he wanted his future to be for the first time on that bike ride to the train station. What did he  want  to do with his life? What were his aspirations and how were they different than the expectations of his family and society? He pondered it as he held onto Yuu’s waist and watched as the scenery blurred by.It was true that his family wanted him to inherit the school one day, and Mika thought about it seriously. He separated his own dreams from the desires his family had for him and really, deeply thought about it.Mika truly thought he was doing all that work for his father to return one day, and he began to fear it was all worthless upon learning that Shinya wasn’t going to return to the Academy. He had gotten desperate for a little while there, seated in Shinya’s old office chair with tears brimming his eyes. But after really thinking about it, he came to a conclusion.Overall, Mika felt at home in the Academy. He felt he had a purpose, like he was making a difference somehow in the lives of the students there. He liked that people looked up to him as a leader. He liked that he was seen as someone reliable enough to keep things flowing as they should. He liked working with others to make the Academy a better place, and he felt proud that the Hyakuya Academy shared his own name.Mika wanted to continue to help the Academy flourish, and his own vision of the Academy’s future had changed thanks to Yuu and even Shinya. Both of them had such a carefree nature, a casual way of living and speaking that contrasted Mika’s own strict personality greatly. At first it had upset him to see them, for he thought such behavior was foolish and immature, but now he was starting to realize that being so close to such different-minded people had a positive influence on him.Because of their company, Mika decided that when he was the Chairman, he would change the dress code and some of the other traditional rules as well. For now, he would be sure to follow the rules that were currently enforced and encourage others to obey them, but he was already considering how to change them in the future.Plus, Yuu wasn’t as aloof and careless about school as he pretended to be. Before Mika left the Academy that evening, Mika alongside Lacus and Rene had finished sorting the score rankings after the lastest tests. The other Student Council members were surprised to see that Yuu had ranked in the top 100 scores of the school, even if just by a smidge. Mika tried to mask his feelings like he usually did around those two, but both Lacus and Rene both paused to eye Mika as his cheeks flushed warm with pride. Mika didn’t say anything; he simply packed up his bag and tried to contain his smile.He wanted to congratulate Yuu somehow. He tried to find foods that Yuu would enjoy while shopping, and although his attempt to find out what Yuu had a taste for on the phone had failed, he made his best guess and got what he could find. Besides that, however…Mika’s face flushed as he recognized the desire still burning in his core. After all, Yuu’s neediness was not going unnoticed by Mika. He knew he was taking his time and teasing Yuu, but he couldn’t help himself when Yuu was just so cute and flustered all the time over the littlest things. He didn’t want to rush, but even Mika was beginning to have a hard time holding back.Perhaps he could… reward Yuu somehow that night. Feeling dazed at the heated idea, Mika’s heart thumped a little faster as he continued on home.Mika was so lost in thought that as he was crossing one particular street, he hadn’t even noticed a familiar face right on the other side. Mika’s eyes widened with recognition as he caught sight of Yuu, facing slightly away from him to talk to someone next to him. Mika was expecting to see that purple-haired friend of his, but when he looked to Yuu’s side, Mika saw someone completely unfamiliar to him. It was a younger looking boy, with big olive-green eyes and fluffy brown hair. He wasn’t wearing their Academy’s uniform, either- he looked like he was from somewhere farther away.“I told you I’d pay, though…” the other boy was saying, a stubborn frown on his lips.“This wasn’t that expensive,” Yuu replied, nudging the boy with his elbow, a cheeky smile on his face. Mika was still walking towards them, and as he parted his lips to greet Yuu, he instead paused right in his tracks as the smaller boy suddenly turned around and threw his arms around Yuu’s neck.“H-Hey- Yoichi, what’s gotten into you?” Yuu stammered out, his cheeks reddening at their close proximity. The boy apparently named Yoichi leaned all his weight onto Yuu, a big smile on his face as ne snuggled in closer. Their lips were so close together like that, and Yuu’s cheeks were flushing darker, like he was flustered at being so close to the other boy.“I just really missed you, Yuu-kun!” Yoichi cooed, and Mika felt… a strange sensation deep in his core.It twisted and sunk low, all the way down to his feet. He felt like his chest was tight.Who was that guy, and why was he so touchy with  Mika’s  boyfriend, his Yuu-chan…?The boy’s eye glinted as he peered over Yuu’s shoulder, and he blinked, staring directly at Mika with a wide-eyed expression. Mika jolted in surprise, not realizing Yoichi had spotted him. Feeling cornered, Mika decided to briskly walk around them, not bothering to stop and talk. Yuu didn’t notice the entire time, for his back was to Mika and he was too busy stuttering over Yoichi, who was hanging all over him.Mika’s heart raced and his skin bristled as he got farther away. He only caught his breath once he had turned the corner and couldn’t see them anymore, and when he did, he felt an uncomfortable feeling quelling deep in his heart. It made him grit his teeth and tense up with irritation.No one was allowed to get that close to Yuu besides him. Mika clicked his tongue against his teeth and clenched the bags in his hands tighter.Maybe he’d just have to make that clearer to everyone else. *** Yuu hummed to himself softly as he ran a soapy rag along the surface of a dinner plate. His hands were coated in bubbles and eyes were sparkling as he washed the dishes. Mika sat at the dinner table still, absentmindedly squishing the paws of a teddy bear that Shinya had bought for him when he visited last.It was a casual scene. Mika peered over the head of the large bear, rubbing his lips together as he watched Yuu’s bright green eyes and sweet little smile while he cleaned dish after dish. He wanted to know about what he saw earlier, but Yuu didn’t know that Mika saw them. He had no justifiable reason to be feeling this way, yet somehow he was… envious that Yoichi was the one to spend time with Yuu today.Yuu paid for something apparently, and Mika wondered what it was. A dinner date, perhaps? The thought had Mika squeezing the paws of the bear tighter with irritation.“Yuu-chan.”“Y-Yes?” Yuu flinched awkwardly. Mika felt Yuu’s eyes lingering on him, and he pulled the bear closer to him, glancing off to the side. He wasn’t sure where to start. He wanted to ask Yuu a few things, but he didn’t want to drill him with questions out of the blue.Maybe he should begin with something sweeter. Mika inhaled softly and said, “You ranked 97th on your tests.”“Huh!?” Yuu’s eyes widened and he stared at Mika, lips parted with shock. After he processed that much, he smiled and said, “I see! Guess Grandpa can’t complain now!” He paused and added kindly, “It’s all thanks to you, Mika. Thank you.”Well, there went Mika’s opportunity to say ‘congratulations,’ and ask if he wanted a reward. Yuu went off like usual and basically ended the conversation on his own. Mika’s heart thumped lightly from Yuu’s gratitude, but then he became stuck on how to respond. What was he supposed to say next? As he got stuck in his thoughts, too much time passed for him to reply without being awkward. Sighing softly, Mika simply blinked down at the table and fiddled with the teddy bear in his lap. Yuu went back to washing the dishes silently.Mika’s feet swayed slightly, brushing along the floor. He still had the lingering flavor of curry on his tongue and it was a pleasant aftertaste. Yuu had cooked it after all, and there was something about eating Yuu’s home cooking that had Mika feeling warm and rosy. Deciding to vocalize this feeling, Mika softly said, “Tonight’s dinner was very good.”“Huh? Yeah! It’s Guren’s personal recipe for soup curry!” Yuu explained, a bright, adorable smile spreading across his face. He held up a ‘v’ with his fingers and enthusiastically added, “I’ll teach it to you next time!”Mika nodded slightly and stroked the fur of the stuffed bear. What was he supposed to say to that besides ‘okay?’ He frowned and continued looking off to the side. The strange feeling from before still buzzed in his heart, making him itch for something more. He was getting impatient to hear the truth about Yoichi. Just who was he, and why were they together today for so long?“U-Um-” Yuu started to speak, but Mika had opened his mouth at the same time to continue on.“Why were you late getting home today?” Mika asked, his eyes now sharply raising to meet Yuu’s gaze.“Oh, sorry…” Yuu smiled apologetically, his eyes lowering down to the dishes as he continued to scrub them down. “I happened to run into someone I knew back when I was little. He was like a little brother to me. He acts all grown up now, but he’s still a kid. I can’t help but look after him, and I haven’t seen him in so long, I’m thinking of spending more time with him soon!”Somewhere in the midst of Yuu’s explanation, Mika made the decision to stand up and walk over to where Yuu was. He rounded the counter silently, but Yuu didn’t seem to notice, too busy focusing on the dishes and his rambling to hear Mika approaching.Yuu was so cute, standing there with his sleeves rolled up to the elbows and an apron tied around his waist. It showed off the subtle curve of his body, the dip of his back accented by where the apron was tied into a loose bow. His head was bent down, exposing the soft nape of his neck edged with downy black hairs. Mika exhaled shakily, feeling his heart thump hard as he stepped closer and closer, drawn to Yuu like a moth to a flame.Mika slid up behind him, pressing their bodies flush together as his arms wrapped around Yuu’s thin waist. Yuu flinched beneath him, clearly not expecting his sudden affectionate approach, and he stammered out with his sweet, embarrassed voice, “M-Mika?”Mika subtly shuddered with want. Feeling a wave of heat come over him, Mika leaned forward, his breath ghosting along Yuu’s supple skin. His neck turned redder with every passing second and Mika could feel his body warming underneath his hold. Mika got a whiff of Yuu’s rosy-scented shampoo and he parted his lips, eager to get a taste of the beautiful boy in his arms. Spurred on by Yuu’s desirable appearance and feeling, Mika leaned in and pressed a wet, open-mouthed kiss to the back of Yuu’s neck.“A-Ah…!” Yuu gasped and tensed up, pressing his soft, round bottom closer to Mika. His heart thumped with satisfaction at the friction and a nice, burning heat began flickering deep in his core. He scraped his teeth along Yuu’s skin, eyes half-lidded as he licked and nipped up to Yuu’s ear. There, he paused and pulled Yuu’s ear between his teeth, nibbling the sensitive flesh between flicks of his tongue.At the same time, his hands slid underneath the apron, fingers reaching to the buttons of his shirt. He dipped his fingers between the gaps, eagerly feeling the smooth skin of Yuu’s lean torso. Yuu flinched and gasped so Mika pushed onwards, rolling his hips forward to grind against his plump ass and hint at what they both were craving. A lovely little moan spilled from Yuu’s lips and he arched into Mika, needy for more.A subtle growl escaped from Mika’s throat and he leaned down once again, abandoning Yuu’s ear in favor of sinking his teeth into the side of Yuu’s neck. There, he sucked harshly, fully intending to leave a bright hickey right in that spot. He wanted to leave a mark for all to see, including that Yoichi kid in case he got any funny ideas. Of course there wasn’t any reason for Mika to think Yuu was cheating on him, and he knew that wasn’t the case- but he didn’t know about Yoichi’s feelings.What if Yoichi liked Yuu  that  way? What if that hug meant more to him, even if it meant nothing but friendship to Yuu? Mika couldn’t let that kid think he could have a chance with Yuu, not when Mika belonged to Yuu and Yuu belonged to Mika. He didn’t know Yoichi or his intentions, and for whatever reason Mika was feeling so incredibly…… jealous. He was  infuriatingly  jealous, and the realization of the emotion he was experiencing hit him in that moment. He shoved his hands under Yuu’s shirt and felt him up greedily, his tongue swiping harshly over the mark now blooming on Yuu’s pale skin. “H-Hanh-!  Mi-Mika- what’s gotten into you…-!” Yuu gasped, his head lolling to the side to allow Mika more access to his neck. Mika pushed Yuu into the counter, feeling heat swell between his thighs and causing his pants to feel tighter. Passion mixed with the fire of anger began to cloud his better judgement. He wanted Yuu to know he was  his  and no one else’s, that he couldn’t be shared with anyone, that he couldn’t do things like this with anyone besides Mika…“Wait, M-Mika - aah-  be careful, I-I’m holding a plate- oh shit!” Yuu suddenly squirmed away from him, and Mika blinked down, watching with irritation as water suddenly began spilling over the edge of the sink like a miniature waterfall. Yuu began flailing and reached out, hurriedly turning the sink off before the whole place could be flooded. Soapy water splashed onto the ground and subsequently, onto Yuu’s feet. Mika stepped back in time, glaring down at the sink for interrupting their moment together.Yuu cussed under his breath as he reached into the sink and unplugged the drain, allowing the water to swirl down and away. Yuu sulked against the counter, breathing heavily with relief and possibly desire, for his complexion was still reddish with embarrassment. Mika stood back, licking his lips with a darkened gaze as the sizzling air between them slowly cooled with every passing second.Mika sighed with disappointment and stepped away when Yuu leaned down to mop up the spilled water. His head was still hot with anger and he needed to calm down before he did something out of line.“Mika…?” Yuu asked as he began to leave, voice a little breathy and raspy. Mika paused in his steps, his heart fluttering with the temptation to go back and continue what they were doing, especially when Yuu’s voice sounded that alluring.But he didn’t want their first time together to be shrouded with Mika’s unreasonable jealousy. He didn’t want to be irritated when he brought Yuu over the edge for the first time- he wanted to be dizzy with love and nothing else.“I’m going to take a bath,” Mika told him curtly. It was difficult, but Mika forced himself to walk away without another word, leaving Yuu alone in the kitchen with a saddened, puppy-like shine in his eyes. It was painful for Mika to ignore him like this, but it was for the better in the long run. *** “Yuu-san!”Yuu jerked with surprise as a tiny, purple-haired girl came barreling at him the next morning outside of his shoe locker. Yuu barely had a chance to turn around before Shinoa was there, flinging her arms around Yuu’s waist and wailing dramatically.“Sorry for leaving you behind yesterday!” Shinoa clung to him, her face scrunched up with distress.“You okay? You’re not hurt, are you?” Yuu asked, nervously laughing as he stared down at her.“Oh, don’t worry about me!” Shinoa dismissed suddenly and stepped back, an awkward smile on her face. “It was just Nee-chan… she can be scary sometimes…” She trailed off, causing Yuu to raise an eyebrow in question, but she shook her head suddenly before he could ask any questions. “A-Anyways, Yuu-san, that Yoichi kid. He didn’t do anything weird, did he?”“Yoichi?” Yuu blinked wide-eyed at her. “He hugged me a lot, but nothing besides that. Yoichi’s always been clingy, ever since he was little. It’s nothing when someone who’s like a brother does that.”“You must remain pure, Yuu-san,” Shinoa hissed, suddenly cupping his hands in her own tightly. Yuu furrowed his brows at her confusedly, but she continued hurriedly, “Would you be fine with the President hugging you like that every day? Or even  kissing  you?”“H-H-He would never do that!” Yuu stammered, his face flushing red as he shook his head back and forth. She squinted at him and lowered her eyes, seeming to stare at something in particular. Yuu gulped, feeling his pulse flutter faster as Shinoa pointed…… to his neck.“If he would never do that, then... what’s on your neck?” Shinoa asked, eyes glinting with accusation. Yuu’s breath hitched- he had been caught red-handed. His eyes widened with alarm as he quickly thought of a shitty excuse.“I-I have a rash!!” Yuu declared loudly, slapping his hand up to his neck to cover the hickey that Mika left there the evening before. Dammit, Mika…!  Yuu’s cheeks flushed from ear to ear.  Why did you have to leave one in such a prominent place…!? Shinoa stared at him closely, clearly trying to decipher the truth amongst his stammered lies. Yuu stepped back hesitantly and gulped nervously, so Shinoa tilted her head and huffed. She clearly didn’t believe him, but she decided to let it drop for the time being.“Anyways, I won’t tell you to stay away from Yoichi, but you might end up hurting someone else,” Shinoa advised, her arms crossing before her chest. “You’re too nice, Yuu-san. Your actions might be interpreted the wrong way. Yoichi seemed like a kind friend and I like him, but I don’t think everyone agrees with me. The President looked a little cross today.”“Mika did…?” Yuu blinked with confusion. Mika didn’t even meet Yoichi, so how could he not like him? He was dumbfounded, but before he could ponder it longer, a sudden and very familiar voice called out to him from just a few paces away.“Ah! There you are! I’ve been looking for you, Yuu-kun!”Yuu gawked at the sight of  Yoichi  of all people, standing right there in the school with a big smile on his face. Other students were staring, clearly noticing how Yoichi’s uniform was not one of their own. Yuu frantically rushed over to him, his head spinning with questions.“What are you doing here!? Why aren’t you in school!?” Yuu scolded as he came up to his old friend, who simply smiled sweetly and tilted his head playfully.“I wanted to see you again, so I came to you this time!” Yoichi answered. He stepped closer to Yuu and took hold of his wrists, pulling Yuu close so their faces were only a few inches apart. His eyes glimmered joyfully as he said, “Hey, let’s have a date after school today! Just the two of us!”“Why just us?” Yuu asked with a frown. Yoichi glanced behind Yuu, presumably at Shinoa.“It’s nothing against her, but she doesn’t know everything about you and Mika-san being together, right?” Yoichi whispered while nodding in her direction briefly. Then, he looked up at Yuu earnestly and added, “I kind of want to ask for your advice about the guy I like and I feel better talking about it, just between us…”“Oh, I see,” Yuu spoke softly and nodded, understanding why Yoichi wanted some privacy. He didn’t know Shinoa very well to begin with, and Shinoa was one to tease. It might come off the wrong way if she was there while Yoichi was asking for genuine advice from someone he looked up to like an older brother. Yuu agreed and quietly said, “Okay, just hurry back to your own school now, Yoichi-”“You there.”Yuu flinched at the sound of an icy-cold and chillingly commanding voice. He turned, wide-eyed at the same time as Yoichi to face the oncoming person, whose footsteps were heavy and fearsome, the heels of his shoes clicking along the floor intimidatingly.Mika was the one approaching, icy blue eyes narrowed and glittering menacingly. Lacus was right behind him, suspiciously eyeing Yoichi up and down.“Who gave you permission to enter this Academy?” Mika interrogated as he approached them at an alarmingly brisk pace. Yuu gulped and stepped back, his pulse speeding up nervously as he saw the threatening gleam in Mika’s eyes. Yuu frowned as he wondered why he was being so angry with Yoichi. He had broken a rule, but...“Mika…” Yuu hissed, trying to get his attention before he terrified Yoichi any further. It didn’t work- Mika was still very pointedly staring Yoichi down. Despite Mika’s overpowering aura, Yoichi still smiled sweetly at him and released Yuu’s wrists to stand in front of Mika, hands folded behind his back.“Oh, you’re Yuu-kun’s new family, right?” Yoichi said, stepping a bit closer to Mika with his eyes glittering kindly. “Nice to meet you, Mika-kun!”Mika didn’t budge. He stared down at Yoichi, eyes narrowing even more with unnecessary challenge. Yuu glanced down, seeing the way Mika’s hand twitched, and alarm spiked in Yuu’s chest. He didn’t think he would harm Yoichi by any means, but Mika was deathly silent, and Yuu knew that meant he was pissed beyond belief.“S-Sorry, Mika! I’ll take him outside right away!” Yuu threw his arm around Yoichi’s shoulder and chuckled awkwardly while pulling Yoichi away quickly. Mika was almost like a totally different person at school- nowadays, he was rarely that harsh with Yuu, especially at home. Shinoa did mention him looking a bit irritable today, and Mika was a little… rough last night, even if that had excited Yuu in the moment. Yuu hadn’t really thought about it yet, but he was starting to feel a little worried.“Eh… but we haven’t decided where to go yet,” Yoichi murmured as they walked outside and headed towards the gates.“We can discuss that later,” Yuu told him, but they only got a few steps before a certain someone followed them from behind.“Yuu-chan.”“Yes!?” Yuu flinched at the sound of the nickname, his heart thumping instantly at the sound of Mika’s voice calling his name. Except this time, his tone was cold and knife-like, and Yuu tensed as he looked over his shoulder.“I’ve warned you repeatedly, but stopping on the way home is against school rules,” Mika reminded him, eyes trained on Yuu authoritatively.“I know!” Yuu protested softly, turning around fully to frown at Mika. “I’ll go home and change clothes first, so relax, okay?”Mika stared at him for a brief moment, then turned his attention back to Yoichi, eyes stony and unreadable. “You are currently trespassing. If you have business here, get permission first.”“Yeah, yeah, we get it! C-Come on, let’s go, Yoichi.” Yuu grabbed Yoichi’s hand and pulled him away, laughing nervously all the way. They reached the gate without any more confrontational instances with Mika, who stood behind them and watched them walk away with hawk-like eyes.“Sorry about him, he’s… strict about school rules,” Yuu explained hesitantly. With a deep sigh, Yuu said, “I’ll meet you after school, alright?”“I’ll see you later, Yuu-kun!” Yoichi waved, seemingly unfazed by Mika’s chilling, unwelcoming demeanor. Yuu waved back at him as he made his way down the street towards his own school. Then, Yuu headed back to the Academy, grateful that there were no serious consequences from Yoichi’s little visit. *** “Yuu-kun, you’re late!”Yuu caught his breath as he approached Yoichi at the station, a smile on his face despite being a bit later than he said he would be. He had to get home and change out of his uniform, after all; normally he would have rolled his eyes and snuck around behind Mika’s back anyways, but considering Mika’s temper this morning, he didn’t want to risk pissing him off any more.“Sorry, Yoichi… I had to change at home.” Yuu scratched at his hair with an apologetic smile. Yoich pouted at him briefly.“Eh… we’re going out together, so you should just ignore those stuffy rules,” Yoichi suggested. Then, he stopped frowning, instead grinning and adding, “If we were into each other that way, it’d be like a date, don’t you think?”“But we’re not,” Yuu laughed casually. Yoichi giggled as well, and then his eyes trailed off over Yuu’s shoulder. Yoichi froze and stared, surprise flickering in his expression. Yuu followed his gaze as he turned around, already having a feeling about what, or rather who Yoichi was staring at. Yuu had taken off in a run to make sure Yoichi was still waiting in their meeting spot, and in the process he left a certain someone behind to catch up.Mika was approaching them slowly, eyes stubbornly fixed on Yoichi. Yuu grimaced from his unkind expression and leaned in to whisper to Yoichi’s ear. “I’m sorry about that… he insisted on tagging along. I know you wanted to talk about the one you like, but can it wait until another time…?”“Hm? Oh, yeah, it can wait if it has to,” Yoichi smiled kindly at Yuu, seemingly unaffected by Mika’s domineering, glinting blue eyes. He grinned wider and added while nudging Yuu’s side with his elbow, “Plus, I can get to know your precious Mika-kun better!”“Precious…” Yuu repeated quietly, his cheeks warming as Mika finally joined his side. It occured to Yuu that Mika likely didn’t know what Yoichi’s name was, since he talked about Yoichi yesterday so briefly. He didn’t expect Mika to remember it, and they should have a better introduction than the one from this morning. Yuu turned to him and smiled sweetly. “Ah, Mika. This is Yoichi, the friend I was talking about yesterday!”“I’ve gathered that much,” Mika replied coldly. Yuu laughed nervously as he glanced to Yoichi. Well, that plan failed.“Right…” Yuu scratched the back of his head. He shifted from foot to foot and awkwardly asked, “Uh, so where to first…?”“I know just the place!” Yoichi came closer to Yuu once more, then wrapped his arms around Yuu’s elbow. With a friendly smile, he leaned his head up against Yuu’s shoulder. “Come on, Yuu-kun, Mika-kun!”Yuu tensed from the odd, infuriating energy coming from Mika, but before he could ask about it, he was pulled away by Yoichi as they went off to wherever Yoichi was taking them. Mika trailed behind them, eyes frighteningly cold and sinister- it unsettled Yuu but he couldn’t talk to Mika about it here. Instead, he tried to focus on Yoichi as they entered a clothing store.Throughout the afternoon, Yoichi pulled out particular jackets and hoodies he wanted from various clothing stores and asked for Yuu’s opinion on them. He made a few purchases and eventually they were off to a bookstore, where they flipped through various manga series and chattered about their favorite ones.All the while, Yuu found himself glancing around and keeping an eye on Mika. He was mostly minding his own business, looking for his own clothes and books and rarely interacting with the two of them. It bothered Yuu, but he wasn’t sure what to do about it; Mika wasn’t really the social type anyways.… But if he wanted to come along so badly, why was he lingering about, acting more like he was creepily following the two of them rather than  actually  hanging out with them?Yuu sighed softly, wondering what he could do to cheer Mika up from his weird mood. Yuu wasn’t sure what was bothering Mika so much and making him act so oddly, but maybe if he did something for Mika, it would help him feel better. For that reason, Yuu wandered over to a different section of the bookstore where they offered keychains and cute, stylish stationery. He caught sight of a plush bear keychain, similar to the bear Yuu named Arukanu, but this one was colored pastel blue.“This is cute…” Yuu murmured to himself, a small smile on his lips as he held the keychain in his hand.“You like stuff like that, Yuu-kun?” Yoichi came up beside him, peering at the bear in his hands. Yuu blinked and turned to face him.“Hmm? I was thinking it might make Mika happy, actually,” Yuu admitted with a small, embarrassed smile.“Oh, I see...” Yoichi grinned and stepped closer, then wrapped his arms around Yuu’s elbow once again. He laughed softly and smirked up at Yuu, his eyes glinting with knowledge. He squeezed Yuu’s arm tightly, ensuring he couldn’t run away so easily as he whispered loudly, “A gift for your  boyfriend.” “Y-Yoichi, don’t cling so hard!” Yuu complained, his cheeks warming quickly due to Yoichi’s teasing expression and choice of words.“But you’re warm… and getting warmer!” Yoichi giggled, reaching up to prod at Yuu’s reddening cheek.“S-Shut up…!” Yuu squirmed away, feeling his blush burn up further due to being pointed out.“You let Mika come along with us today, even though he doesn’t seem to be enjoying himself, and now you’re looking for a gift,” Yoichi went on, his grip on Yuu’s warm unrelenting despite Yuu’s attempts to escape. Yoichi smiled widely and said, “You  really  do love him, Yuu-kun!”Yuu flushed more and turned away, straining to keep his quickly reddening face out of Yoichi’s view, but he didn’t realize the consequence of that action until it was too late. Yoichi’s breath hitched and Yuu didn’t process why he was gasping fast enough.Yoichi froze up. “Eh? Yuu-kun, is that a hickey? Did you two have sex!?”Other people in the bookstore turned to look at the commotion, eyes judging and scolding at Yoichi’s loudly spoken words. Yuu felt his body heat from head to toe and he whipped around, slapping a hand over Yoichi’s mouth as he blushed furiously.“D-Don’t say stuff like that in public!” Yuu hissed, his heart racing against his chest. When he looked up, he saw Mika standing a few paces away, eyebrows arched with mild curiosity. Then, Mika snickered and looked away, causing Yuu’s mouth to gape with shock.Did Mika just... make  fun  of him!? Yuu felt his skin burn impossibly hotter with shame and he huffed, then let go of Yoichi and stepped away.“I’m going to the bathroom!” Yuu haughtily declared. He did have to go, but he also just needed to cool off. “I’ll be right back.”“Alright,” Yoichi said, a tiny smile on his lips. “I’ll be here.”When Yuu left, Yoichi turned over his shoulder, eyes curiously trailing to a particular blond not too far away. *** Mika knew he was being strange, following Yuu and Yoichi around as he was. It could be worse, he thought- he could have followed them without them knowing, ducking behind bookshelves and clothes racks, wearing some shady outfit consisting of sunglasses and a big hat. Instead, he decided to invite himself and simply… hang around while they went about.He wanted to keep an eye on Yoichi. Mika didn’t trust that the other boy didn’t have ulterior motives. He was… too touchy with Yuu and every time he held Yuu’s hand or snuggled up to him, Mika felt a surge of jealousy rise inside him like an enraged flame. He should be the one holding Yuu’s hand and making him blush, not Yoichi…!When Yuu ran off to the restroom, Mika turned away, intending to look at some magazines when Yoichi approached him. Mika pretended not to notice, but he tensed when Yoichi spoke up anyways, despite it looking like Mika didn’t even see him.“I wanted to talk to you, as Yuu-kun’s childhood friend.” Yoichi’s playful voice was now more serious, and Mika looked over to him with surprise. Yoichi gave him a relaxed smile, but his eyes were rather stern. “I thought it was odd. Yuu-kun was never interested in having a girlfriend, unlike normal boys. He never let me hang out with his other friends, so I figured he pretended to like girls around them, but he was honest with me. So in the end, it didn’t surprise me to find out he was into guys.” Yoichi paused and fixed his eyes on Mika’s. He seemed to be searching Mika’s expression, and somehow Mika felt like an open book in front of Yoichi, even though he was anything but. “Yuu-kun’s a kind person. He accepted all of you, didn’t he?”Mika froze up at Yoichi’s choice of words. How did Yoichi know that? How much had Yuu told him about their relationship, if at all? His lips parted with question, but Yoichi lifted his hand and shook his head to silence Mika before he could speak. “Yuu-kun didn’t tell me your secrets, don’t worry. I can just tell from the way you look at him.” He paused and glanced to the side, fiddling with his fingers. “Listen… Yuu-kun means a lot to me. He’s like my family, and I would do anything to protect him. I can see you feel similarly to me, yeah?”His words were true to Mika, and Mika stared at him, quietly processing what he heard. Yoichi smiled and tilted his head. “Please treat Yuu-kun well. If you hurt him, you’ll regret it and I won’t ever forgive you.”Mika swallowed tensely from his serious claim. He searched Yoichi’s eyes, seeing no trace of any sort of teasing or joking in his expression. Hesitantly, Mika decided to ask, “Is that all you wanted to say?”“Pretty much,” Yoichi said and casually shrugged. It was only a few seconds later that Yuu returned, clearly surprised to see them talking to each other. Yoichi turned around, smiling ear to ear as he rushed up to Yuu and said, “Yuu-kun, I need to go home now! It was so much fun spending time with you!”“Huh? Oh, okay… I had fun too!” Yuu smiled and accepted Yoichi’s enthusiastic hug. The sight still made Mika upset, but he didn’t say or do anything; he just stood there and watched as he clung to Yuu before finally releasing him from his tight hold. Then, Yoichi ran off, waving energetically before leaving the bookstore. Yuu took a deep breath from beside him, watching as the doors closed.Then, he faced Mika with an apologetic smile. “Sorry, Mika, for all the trouble Yoichi’s causing…” Clearly, Yuu was thinking of this morning, when he entered the Academy without getting proper permission. Mika pursed his lips and looked at Yuu, feeling his jealousy ebb away the longer he looked at Yuu. Yuu always made his heart feel warm and content, and he smiled slightly.“I’m fine,” Mika assured for now. He didn’t like how touchy Yoichi was and he was still weary, but now that it was just Mika and Yuu, Mika felt more at ease than before. “Should we head back, too?”“Sure, just one sec, I’m gonna go buy something.” Yuu turned around Mika began to follow, but Yuu suddenly stopped in his tracks and held out his hands while shaking his head. Mika stopped, blinking in confusion at Yuu’s defensive gesture. Yuu said, “Ah, no, you go wait outside. It’s a surprise and you can’t see what I’m getting.”Mika fixed him with a suspicious look, wondering what it is that Yuu was up to, but he obeyed and went outside anyways. As he leaned against the wall outside of the bookstore, he looked up at the dark sky, blinking with surprise as snowflakes began drifting through the wind. A crisp breeze chilled his skin, signaling that winter was just around the corner.After a few moments, Yuu exited the store with a little bag in hand. His eyes immediately rounded and he exclaimed, “Oh, snow!”Mika stood up from the wall and joined Yuu’s side as they began to walk down the street. Yuu shuddered and pulled his jacket tighter around him, then remarked between another shiver, “It’s  really  getting cold.”As they walked, Mika remained silent, watching the snowflakes dance in the wind around them as Yuu chattered on. “Still, I can’t believe that Yoichi, just appearing at the Academy like he did… what was he thinking? He could have just called me or something…”“That boy’s important to you, isn’t he?” Mika asked somewhat sourly. He wasn’t against Yuu having his own friends, but… he was still stubbornly feeling envious of their closeness.“Oh, how do I put it…” Yuu quirked his lips and looked up at the sky. “Yoichi and I had both just moved when we met. We were both only children. When I saw Yoichi in similar circumstances, I thought it would be nice if we could both be like family. That was when it all began.” Yuu sighed shortly. “Well, maybe I was the only one who felt that way about it. I was quick to get bossy with him, so maybe I got on his nerves sometimes.”Mika hummed softly in response as they entered the nearest train station. Just before they could enter, Mika paused and read the sign that was placed right in their way.“Eh…!?” Yuu stared at the notice with wide eyes. The trains had apparently been delayed due to the snow.“I guess we have to take a bus instead,” Mika murmured, then turned around to head out of the station. Yuu followed along, and once they got to the bus stop outside, they sat down on the bench and waited.Yuu shivered next to him, clutching his arms tightly as he tried to retain his body heat. He shakily eventually began to speak. “I wonder if Yoichi will be alright on his own…”“He left because I tagged along with you,” Mika stated dryly. Yuu looked at him with surprise and immediately waved his arms.“No, no, it’s not your fault,” Yuu argued. “You’re fine!” Despite him saying that, Yuu turned away and furrowed his brows. He placed his chin in his hand and looked at the ground, clearly troubled with his eyes shimmering in thought. Mika glanced at him, feeling his heart ache with guilt. He probably strained the relationship between Yuu and Yoichi and he didn’t want to ruin their friendship all because of his jealousy.“I’m sorry.” Mika looked aside, lowering his eyes in shame. Yuu sat upright and looked at him with shock. Noticing his stare, Mika continued by saying, “When you make that face, I feel even more responsible.”“No! S-Sorry! I didn’t mean it like that…” Yuu stammered awkwardly, and after his words lingered in the air for a moment, he continued staring at Mika with mild distress. Mika pursed his lips, feeling Yuu’s pointed stare right on his profile. It was truly adorable how easy it was to read Yuu’s expressions- he wore his feelings right on his face for all to see. Even as the time passed, Yuu remained staring at Mika for whatever reason, so Mika let out a little exhale in defeat.“What?” Mika looked back at him, arching an eyebrow in question. Yuu shook his head and looked away quickly, his cheeks blossoming an adorable pink color. Mika studied his face for a moment, admiring the cute little shape of his nose, how his eyebrows furrowed when he got nervous like he was right then, and how his blush spread across the bridge of his nose inch by inch.Yuu really was the cutest thing Mika had ever seen. His heart pounded a little faster in his chest, and before he really thought about it, Mika reached out and took Yuu’s hand in his own. The gentle touch of Mika’s fingers against Yuu’s had Yuu wincing with surprise and looking up at Mika with owlish, bright green eyes.Mika’s heart melted a little at the precious sight before him. His eyes shimmered with pure affection as he gently said, “Your hand is as warm as ever. When we first started sleeping in the same bed, it was still unpleasantly hot, but it’s very valuable in the winter.”“S-Sure,” Yuu stammered, his breath forming in a little cloud before his face. Mika’s heart fluttered again.“I think I seek out another person’s warmth like this because I’m so lonely.” Mika spoke quietly, his eyes lowered to the ground from his somewhat melancholy statement. Mika could tell that Yuu was looking at him, but Mika didn’t look back. He didn’t doubt his feelings for Yuu in the slightest, but he was careful to consider the possibility that he was simply lonely and not in love like he thought. He quickly realized that was blasphemous, but Mika knew he was an isolated soul for much of his life, so it was important to think about. After all, Mika never had someone like Yuu in his life before.“I don’t know about everyone else,” Yuu spoke up, his attention now focused up at the night sky. Mika turned to look at him when he felt Yuu squeeze his hand a little tighter. “But if you’re lonely, then I must be pretty lonely, too. I’m always wanting to touch you, Mika… gosh, what am I saying…”Mika smiled a bit at his words, admiring the flush darkening across Yuu’s face as he muttered on. He parted his lips to respond, but his eyes caught sight of the notice now flashing across the screen behind Yuu’s head.“Ah… Yuu-chan, the buses have stopped running…” Mika pointed out, causing Yuu to snap out of his flustered daze and get to his feet.“Eh!? No wonder they weren’t coming…” Yuu murmured, blinking disappointedly at the sign. Mika got to his feet and took in a short breath.“Let’s walk,” Mika decided. Yuu met his eyes and nodded, likely knowing they were out of options at this point.They headed towards their home slowly, trudging through the snow amongst a silent neighborhood. There were hardly any people in sight and it was dark out, giving Mika a feeling of isolation, but not necessarily a bad type of isolation. He was with Yuu, and Yuu’s presence was all the comfort he needed.“I hope it snows on Christmas, too.” Yuu stretched his arms above his head, eyes raised to the snowing sky. He turned to look at Mika with a childish grin. Then, he reached over and took Mika’s hand in his own, and Mika’s heart buzzed with happiness at the feeling of Yuu’s warm fingers. “We hold a party every year, Guren and I. This year you’ll be with us too, Mika. Make sure to leave your schedule open!”Mika felt as their hands squeezed around each other. Slowly, he laced their fingers together, a flush spreading across his own cheeks from the happiness he felt. A warm feeling filled his chest and softly, Mika responded, “All right.” *** Not wanting to waste any time, Mika hurried around the school to ensure that he would be free on Christmas day. He didn’t want to miss spending the holiday with Yuu for the world, and although he felt guilty as he approached the Student Council office, he had decided what he had to do to get the day off.He stood in front of the office door for a moment, and inside he heard the muffled sound of Lacus’s lively chatter amongst some of Rene’s more subtle comments. After waiting for a moment, Mika opened the door and stepped inside, abruptly and unintentionally interrupting Lacus in the middle of his rambling. Lacus froze up and blinked at him, but Mika paid his odd expression no mind as he faced the two of them. Mika frowned slightly, unsure how to go about his request without sounding irresponsible.“I’m sorry to bother you while you’re working…” Mika started, his eyes meeting Lacus’s gradually.“P-President! You’ve been here?” Lacus blurted out as he got to his feet, eyes wide with shock. Rene simply looked tired, as per usual. Mika regarded Rene with a simple, polite nod.“Do you think we can finish the Council work by the 23rd so we can be off after closing ceremonies on the 24th?” Mika asked hesitantly, glancing between Lacus and Rene. The two shared a look and wordlessly, Lacus turned around, briefly regarding the pile of papers that contained the next term’s budget in progress. Lacus then nodded his head once before he turned back around to Mika.“Given the workload left, that shouldn’t be a problem,” Lacus assured, his eyes glittering with promise.“How unusual for you to adjust the schedule, President,” Rene stated, arching his eyebrows at Mika with interest. Mika lowered eyes as he once again felt slightly ashamed for inconveniencing the others.“I have plans with family that day…” Mika explained briefly. He pursed his lips before looking between Lacus and Rene with an apologetic frown. “I’m sorry for being selfish at such a busy time. I’ll be sure to finish the remaining work tomorrow.”Despite his troubled expression, Lacus smiled broadly and placed his hands on his hips. Rene also seemed content as he looked between the two of them, and without missing a beat, Lacus proudly raised a hand to his chest as he declared, “You needn’t worry, President. You have us on your side. Don’t worry about the work and please enjoy yourself! It will be your first Christmas with your new family, after all!”Mika let out a deep sigh of relief and smiled at Lacus. Gratitude filled his chest and made him feel like a load was off his shoulders. Lacus lowered his hand and approached Mika, all traces of jealousy for Yuu gone from his eyes. He simply seemed joyful and understanding, which Mika was thankful to see.“Your family… your family, understood!?” Lacus said shrilly, then threw his arms around Mika in a tight hug. With a joking attitude, Lacus added on, “If it’s just you and Hyakuya Yuuichirou alone, I’ll never accept it!”“Now, now, Lacus…” Rene interjected, taking a step closer to them with an outstretched hand. Mika simply smiled at the hug, for he had caught on that Lacus was simply teasing at this point.“Please be sure to enjoy yourself.” Lacus’s voice was quiet and slightly muffled by Mika’s shoulder, but Mika caught on to his genuine tone of voice. Despite still dealing with some jealousy for Yuu, Lacus had clearly started thinking more maturely about his feelings and decided to support Mika instead.Mika was truly grateful for Lacus’s friendship in the end. He had been there for so long and Mika never really appreciated him enough- even though he caused some trouble before, he was proving to Mika that he had a change of heart and would be a better friend from now on. Feeling a need to express the happiness in his heart, Mika peered at Lacus’s silky purple hair and tenderly murmured, “Thank you.” *** After school that day, Yuu clicked his tongue as he sat down on the edge of his bed and looked down at his phone. He frowned at the weather forecast for the upcoming week, seeing that there was little to no chance of snow whatsoever, and a disappointed sigh broke past his lips. The sound caught Mika’s attention, who was currently sitting at his desk and unpacking his bag.“I guess we’re not getting a white Christmas again this year…” Yuu said with a frown. Despite this, there wasn’t anything he could do to change the weather, so he turned around to look at Mika. His boyfriend blinked back at him, showing a vague yet similar disappointment. Yuu felt his heart warm despite his prior sour attitude, feeling excited that Mika would be with him on Christmas. Snow or not, at least he had Mika’s company to look forward to.So instead of feeling down, Yuu smiled and expressed his happiness to be with Mika by lightly saying, “Oh well!”Mika smiled back at him, his own cheeks turning slightly rosy. Yuu admired his cute expression before he tucked his phone away. Then, Yuu slid his blazer off his shoulders and hung it up before grabbing a change of clothes. Once he switched his uniform for something more casual, Yuu closed his dresser doors and headed out of their room. “I’m going out with Shinoa for a bit, so I’ll see you later, Mika!”“Yuu-chan.”Yuu paused when he felt a hand wrap around his wrist. He turned around, a questioning look in his eyes as he met Mika’s gaze. Immediately, his eyes widened as Mika leaned in and pressed their lips together in a soft, chaste kiss.“Have fun.” Mika’s eyes glittered with joy and the fondest, most gentle smile Yuu had ever seen rested on Mika’s lips.Yuu’s face heated up instantly and he stuttered, his heart leaping in his chest from the sweet tone of voice Mika had just used. All traces of Mika’s former irritation and anger from the days before were gone. Whatever he had been dealing with must have gone away, considering the relaxed expression he wore. Still, Yuu felt a need to talk about it rather than letting it go unspoken, so he paused and shifted between his feet as his eyes lowered to the side.“Mika… are you okay now?” Yuu asked hesitantly. “You were really prickly the past few days…”“I’m sorry, Yuu-chan.” Mika squeezed Yuu’s wrist slightly before sliding his fingers down his palm, slotting them with Yuu’s. “I was feeling… really jealous of Yoichi. I was unnecessarily rude to him.”“Jealous?” Yuu’s eyes widened with surprise. Yuu had no idea Mika was feeling such a way and he stared at him with complete wonder. “Why?”Mika paused thoughtfully. His eyes flicked between Yuu’s, pondering for a moment before he suddenly reached out and wrapped his arms around Yuu’s waist. A tiny, surprised yelp broke from Yuu’s lips and his heart raced in his chest as their hips bumped together. Heat flushed up Yuu’s neck and he stared into Mika’s eyes, lips parted with question.Mika leaned in, his breath fanning over Yuu’s mouth as he whispered, “Because  I’m  the only one who should touch you so much… I didn’t like how clingy he was with you. I want you to blush because of me and me only, Yuu-chan.”Yuu shivered and felt his ears begin to burn hot alongside his cheeks. He swallowed tensely and lowered his eyes, flustered now that his heart was pounding so heavily. “Y-You should have just said so, Mika… I’ll tell him not to be so physical and I’m sure he’ll understand.” After a pause, Yuu quietly decided to mutter, ”B-Besides… every time he made me blush, he was teasing me about you… Yoichi doesn’t like me, if that’s what you’re thinking. He told me it was this kid named Shiho, so you don’t need to worry...”Mika’s cool, smooth hand slipped under Yuu’s chin and tilted it up, causing their eyes to meet directly for a split moment before their lips meshed together. Yuu shuddered and leaned into Mika’s body eagerly, his hands sliding up Mika’s chest before looping around his neck to pull him closer. He melted into the feeling of Mika’s tongue entwining with his own, tiny gasps escaping the corners of his mouth as their kiss became sloppy and wet.When Mika moved to pull back, it felt like the kiss had ended too soon. Yuu found himself chasing Mika’s lips, desperate for more, but after lingering there a moment longer Yuu quickly got embarrassed and allowed the kiss to break. A thin trail of saliva connected their bottom lips briefly before it fell apart between them. Yuu flusteredly rubbed the drool away, his face reddening impossibly more as Mika let out a tiny, adoring chuckle.“Enjoy your time with that girl,” Mika said, giving Yuu one last gentle kiss on the tip of his nose before releasing him and backing away. He casually went back to his desk and sat down, leaving Yuu standing in the doorway by himself, dazed, flushed and aching for more.Eventually, Yuu shook himself out of his heated daze and cleared his throat. When he finally left the room, Yuu blurted out behind him, “S-See you later, Mika!”Yuu’s heart pounded relentlessly from the moment he left the house all the way throughout his journey to the store.How was he supposed to go buy cake ingredients after a kiss like  that? 



Chapter End Notes
Yoichi's a little shit and he knows it but he has good intentions in this AU, I swear. Unlike Matsuri. Lol.I think the last chapter might be the last? Or second to last?? We'll see lol thanks for supporting me so far!


Chapter 8
Chapter Summary
Christmas Day arrives, and both Yuu and Mika make time for each other- to spend the holiday together but also to do something they had both been craving.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Honestly… it cost 

that

 much for a container of cream? Yuu squinted at the carton in his hand disapprovingly, then set it back to look at a different brand. He had a basket of ingredients for cake balanced on one arm with some essentials already inside.

His search was going relatively undisturbed until a childish voice piped up some distance away from him.

“Hey, Mama, buy this!”
Yuu looked up, eyebrows raised in question as he looked at Shinoa, who stood at the end of the aisle and posed ridiculously. She wore a party hat over her hair, and on her face were  oversized, obnoxious hot pink sunglasses perched on her nose. Yuu simply stared at her for a moment, not finding it in himself to laugh when he was so concentrated on his task. He was on a mission to get cake ingredients, and he only agreed to let her come along because she insisted. He wasn’t here to get distracted for once.“No, don’t need it,” Yuu said shortly, then turned back to look at the cream without even a hint of a smile.“That’s cold!” Shinoa complained. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Shinoa drop her hands and start marching over to him. “I was making a joke, and you act all serious!”
“I don’t have time to be your comedy partner today, Shinoa…” Yuu replied with a sigh as he looked down at the list on his phone. Shinoa huffed at his bland response, but Yuu simply continued to determine which kind of milk he should buy as she shuffled around indignantly. Suddenly, she cried out and threw her arms around Yuu’s waist like some sort of child having a temper tantrum. An actual toddler not too far away in the aisle stared at her with concern and wonder.

“I wanna go to the party, too!” Shinoa whined from behind him. Yuu sighed again.
“This one’s for the family, so no,” Yuu denied her easily. She sighed and loosened her hold on his torso, clearly unable to fight back against that sort of rebuttal. Instead of continuing on, she looked around Yuu’s arm to peer at what was on his phone.
“Still, you’re really getting into it,” Shinoa remarked as she skimmed the list of cake ingredients on his screen. “You’re making everything by hand?”

“It’s my first time taking on a cake, but I’ll do it because I enjoy it,” Yuu replied proudly, despite the nervous flutter in his chest. He really hoped he didn’t screw up terribly. Yuu added, “The rest are pretty standard dishes, so it should work out… I think.”

“You’re amazing,” Shinoa remarked with a slow whistle. “I can’t bring myself to learn how to cook beyond what my father taught me.” She smiled and nudged Yuu in the side and said, “I’m sure you’ll make a 

great

 wife someday, Yuu-san.”

“W-Wife!?” Yuu stammered as his face heated instantly. Unwillingly, an image of himself in a wedding dress surfaced in his mind, and in the image he was being cradled in Mika’s arms to make matters worse. His heart raced with embarrassment as he haughtily added, “I’m a man, you know!”

“Yeah, yeah,” Shinoa waved her hand, a smug grin on her face. Yuu expected no less from her- it was typical of her to tease, after all. 

After he gathered the last of his ingredients, Yuu made his way back home to begin baking. He had no experience in the way of sweets, especially not something like a strawberry shortcake, but he was going to give it his best shot!
… Or so he thought. He pulled out his seventh failed attempt of a strawberry shortcake from the oven many hours later, and sadly, his depressing cake display on the table- where all his previous cakes were laid out- was seen by Guren himself.
“What the hell is all this?” Guren asked as he stepped inside and set his keys down on the table. He stared at the various cakes, if that’s what they could be called, varying from lumpy to exploded to burnt in all different ways. It was almost impressive how many times Yuu managed to mess up during the same recipe.

“Welcome back, Guren…” Yuu muttered as he brought over his most recent, depressing-looking cake, an exhausted sigh breaking past his lips. It was by far the most burnt one so far, and it had exploded at the top, leaving a large crack along the surface.
“There’s sponge cake everywhere,” Guren remarked flatly.
“The cake’s the hardest part!” Yuu complained with a wail. 

“I would’ve bought one if you asked,” Guren said casually, but Yuu balled up his fists and shook his head determinedly.

“No! I decided to make it from scratch this year!” Yuu huffed and then grabbed his phone, looking over the recipe again. There had to be something he was consistently getting wrong over and over. Yuu wasn’t going to give up unless he got the perfect cake. It was for Mika and Guren after all, and he didn’t want to fail now!

“Hmm… it has to be the temperature that I keep getting wrong, right?” Yuu murmured as he peered at his phone screen. “Maybe I need to preheat the oven more? The measurements should be right, but maybe I’m mixing it wrong?”

Guren watched him with a raised eyebrow, a small smile spreading on his face. Quietly, Guren looked over the collection of distorted cakes and regarded to himself, “Sounds like we’ll have a fun Christmas this year.”
 
***
 
“It’s done!!”

Yuu beamed and wiped the sweat from his forehead as he looked down at his amateur, yet finished strawberry shortcake. He had managed to balance strawberries on top alongside a tiny teddy-bear cake topper and a sign that said ‘Merry Christmas.’ It wasn’t perfect, but it also wasn’t burnt or exploded or lopsided, either. The frosting turned out well- it was creamy and the perfect texture of softness without being runny, which Yuu was grateful for, and he felt pride swell in his chest as he looked down at the completed cake.

“How cute,” Guren said with a soft laugh as he joined Yuu’s side to inspect the final cake. All around them in the house were decorations Yuu put up in between waiting for the many cakes to bake in the oven. There was tinsel and fake snowflakes hung up… as well as a mistletoe Yuu sneakily added inside his and Mika’s room. Not knowing that little detail, Guren went on, “I didn’t take you to be the kind to make cakes. It turned out well. Maybe I should stop buying them at the store and ask you to bake cakes from now on. The decoration in the house is nice and festive, too.” He paused and pointed at the cake, then asked, “What’s this bear for?”

“Good, isn’t it?” Yuu smirked and turned proudly to Guren, hands smugly on his hips. “I went around to different stories and picked out a cake topper I thought Mika would like. I’m sure he’ll-”

Just then, they heard the front door opening. Yuu’s heart leapt with excitement, for it could only be one person. His eyes sparkled with joy as he called out, “Welcome home, Mika!”

“How was Student Council?” Guren asked as he turned around, also facing the door as Mika stepped inside and removed his shoes. 

Yuu practically bounced over to Mika with a broad smile. “We’re getting things ready for Christmas, but is there anything you’d like to eat? If you’ve got a request I can pick stuff up tomorrow!”

Mika smiled at him and said, “Curry. You made it really well last time, Yuu-chan.”

Yuu’s chest swelled with pride and his cheeks flushed happily from the praise. Curry was his favorite as well, so knowing that Mika enjoyed it enough to want more made Yuu indescribably happy. “Roger that! After school tomorrow, I’ll go get the ingredients! Do you wanna come with?”
“I’ll have to help out with Council work for a little while, but I can meet up with you later if you tell me where you’re at when I get off.” After saying this with a fond smile to Yuu, Mika turned to Guren and greeted him. Meanwhile, Yuu got to work on cleaning up the ruined cakes and got excited for the holiday approaching them. 
***
 
School couldn’t end fast enough the next day. Yuu was excited for the year to finally end, for he would finish up his second year soon after their break and begin his last year as a high schooler next April! The year had gone by in a blur, but Yuu didn’t mind- so much had happened that year that it was almost overwhelming. Yuu met both Shinoa and Mika in the past year, and his life had changed drastically thanks to the events that unfolded since then.

He couldn’t wait to see what was ahead of them.

As Yuu headed up to the school for the last time before the new year, he was interrupted by the sound of someone screaming at him from not too far behind him.


“Hey, Yuu-san!!”


Yuu yelped loudly as a student’s bag smacked him 

hard

 in the ass. He staggered over, nearly falling on his face before he regained his balance and turned around, glaring with shock at the person who smacked him. The person was none other than Shinoa, who stood there with her eyes narrowed disapprovingly at him, her bag held accusingly in hand.

“That hurt! What’s with the sudden attack!?” Yuu complained, rubbing his backside with an offended expression. Shinoa stomped up to him indignantly with her cheeks puffed out in a childish pout.

“I’ll tell you what’s with it!” Shinoa complained, and her sharp tone of voice had Yuu flinching in shock. “Yesterday I said, ‘Let’s go home together,’ and you left me behind!”

“Huh? Seriously?” Yuu blinked in shock down at Shinoa, who was now leaning up on her tiptoes to glower at Yuu with angrily shining eyes. Her arms were crossed at the chest, but as Yuu realized what was going on, he moved his hands- which were raised in defense- into a praying gesture. He scrunched his eyes closed as he apologized, “Sorry, Shinoa! I didn’t hear you…” Yuu was probably too wrapped up in searching for his cake ingredients that he just left once he finished without looking for Shinoa in the store. No wonder she was mad at him for ditching her.

Shinoa sighed and leaned back down on her heels, seeming to feel better now that her anger was out of her system. She fixed Yuu with a curious expression as she remarked, “You sure look excited today. Is it because it’s Christmas, or did something happen?”

“Both!” Yuu beamed, glad that Shinoa’s wrath had died down as she quietly accepted his apology. She slowly began to smile at him, clearly over her momentary hurt over Yuu’s careless mistake the day before. Yuu went on cheerfully. “Mika’s not as busy with the Student Council today, so he can make it in time for the party- and he wants curry for dinner, which is my favorite food, too!”

“That’s impressive,” Shinoa said with a wide smile, joining his side as they walked up the stairs of the Academy. Then, she sighed and thoughtfully added, “He should take today totally off, at least…”

“Yeah, but I’m glad he can still make it to the party,” Yuu remarked, his heart beating faster out of pure joy at the thought. They made their way to the classroom for the last time that year, and Yuu was grateful for the fact that it was indeed the last time for a few weeks. The school year would end shortly after they returned from winter break, and Yuu secretly hoped he got into the same class as Shinoa and even Mika next year as well.

Once school was finally out, Yuu gave Shinoa a temporary goodbye and headed out to get the ingredients for curry. When he was wandering about the town however, he ran into someone he knew quite well.

“Yuu-kun!”

Yuu turned wide eyes to the person calling his name. Yuu was walking down the street to the grocery store, but he stopped in his tracks in favor of turning around to seek out the one waving him down. Sure enough, it was Yoichi who came running after him, a bright smile on his face.

“What are you doing out here?” Yuu asked as Yoichi caught up to him, then came to a stop beside Yuu. He smiled and lifted a few bags higher up so Yuu could see them.

“Christmas shopping!” Yoichi said cheerfully, then lowered his arms again. “It’s last minute, of course. I was just about to stop into a cafe for a snack, do you wanna join me?”

“Sure, I’m free!” Yuu agreed. He could spare some time to spend with Yoichi. Shortly after going along with Yoichi, they were seated in a modest bakery, where Yoichi munched on a strawberry tart and Yuu had some cheesecake on a plate before him. It was so tasty that Yuu wondered why he hadn’t been to this bakery before, especially when it was so close to their school. Yoichi smiled around his spoon as he scooped mouthfuls of the tart onto his tongue.

“I think it’s been a while since I’ve seen you so happy, Yoichi,” Yuu said with a grin, noticing the pinkish tint to Yoichi’s face and the way his eyes gleamed with joy. Yoichi laughed in response once he swallowed a mouthful of his tart.

“The tart is delicious, you know?” Yoichi said, his cheeks becoming even rosier with glee. “Well, that’s not the only reason I’m happy.” 

“What do you mean?” Yuu asked, leaning his head into the palm of his hand as he studied Yoichi’s expression.

“Because I’m with you, Yuu-kun!” Yoichi said earnestly, making Yuu laugh softly in response. Then, Yoichi eyed the cake in front of Yuu with a nod. “How does yours taste?”

“It’s good,” Yuu nodded down to the half-eaten cake with a smile. “I was practicing baking cakes up until yesterday, so I thought I might be sick of eating them by now. It’s scary that I can keep going just fine- even though cheesecake is different than the cake I was making, it’s all sweet stuff!”

“Oh? You were baking the Christmas cake from scratch this year?” Yoichi tilted his head with mild surprise.

“It’s hard getting the fluffy consistency right,” Yuu pointed out. He let out a mildly exasperated sigh, then ate another forkful of the cheesecake. As he chewed, he peered up at Yoichi and remembered something about their childhood. When Yuu swallowed, he spoke up and said, “That reminds me, you used to join us for Christmas every year, too. When I saw you playing by yourself because your parents were busy, I called out to you, and then that was the day we started acting like family.” Yuu paused, thoughtfully remembering the day they met, when Yoichi was squating in the sandbox trying to make a little castle tower. Yuu joined him with a bright smile and kept Yoichi company, which sparked their friendship from that day on. Since then, Yoichi was over at their house a lot because his parents were rarely around.

Frowning, Yuu decided to ask about his parents since the thought crossed his mind. “Hey, Yoichi. Are your parents still busy with work like always?” 

“Hm?” Yoichi gathered more of his tart on his spoon as he contemplated Yuu’s question. He scoffed softly and replied with a somewhat sour tone. “Those two are married to their work.”

“I see…” Yuu murmured, feeling his heart ache slightly at the sight of Yoichi’s mildly saddened smile. He knew Yoichi’s family was a bit dysfunctional, and he always relied on his sister, but it was hard when she was at high school and always busy doing other things. Yuu raised his fork as he got an idea to maybe help Yoichi’s situation. “Then, hey! Why don’t you join us for our Christmas party again? Guren would be happy if you joined us. And I’m sure Mika would be happy too because he’d have more family.”
“There you go about Mika-kun again,” Yoichi smirked at him from across the table, eyes flicking between Yuu’s knowingly. “Mika-kun this, Mika-kun that. That’s all that ever comes out whenever you open your mouth. It’s kind of adorable, you know!”
Yuu’s face began to heat up with embarrassment at his teasing statement. Yuu grumbed, “Shut up… so is that a yes or a no?”

“I appreciate the offer, but I actually have a date after this.” Yoichi smiled and held up the ‘v’ sign with his fingers. Yuu’s eyes blinked wide with surprise, but before he could ask who the lucky person was, Yoichi continued on as bubbly as ever. “Remember Shiho? He got all red in the face and asked if I would go with him to a restaurant tonight. He’s really a prince charming, even if he’s so awkward sometimes!”

Yuu smiled, feeling happy to hear that Yoichi wouldn’t be totally alone on the holiday. He parted his lips to reply, but then his phone suddenly started ringing and buzzing on the table. When Yuu glanced down to see who the call was from, his eyes widened with surprise. The call was from Mika!

“Hello, Mika!” Yuu cheerfully answered, his heart thumping against his chest with excitement from having Mika call him. At the same time, Yuu tried to ignore the cheeky grin Yoichi was giving him from across the table.

“Yuu-chan?” Mika’s silky voice came through the receiver. “Where are you right now?” Right before Yuu could answer, he noticed someone quite familiar walking down the sidewalk just outside the cafe, phone cupped to his ear.
“Hey, look to your right! I’m inside!” The person Yuu was watching paused in his steps and turned, blinking his wide blue eyes at Yuu through the window. Then, Mika smiled as he hung up the phone and headed inside to join them. By the time Yuu finished his cheesecake, they all had a quick chat and stood to leave the cafe. Yoichi joined them on their journey to the grocery store as well, for he needed to bring a few things home, and afterwards they all got on the train. While Yuu and Mika were going home, Yoichi was meeting his friend Shiho at a nearby restaurant a few stops past Yuu and Mika’s stop.
When they were finally seated, Yuu got so comfortable, leaning up against Mika’s shoulder on the train ride. The rocking motion of the train lulled Yuu off to sleep, and despite this, no one even bothered to wake him up.
 
***
 
After Mika realized that Yuu had passed out against his shoulder, he peered curiously at Yoichi, who sat on the other side of Yuu and played on his phone. He felt bad for the past, when he was so rude to Yoichi, and he felt a need to make amends for that. Mika pondered on what to say, since starting up conversation was difficult for him to begin with. Finally, he thought of something, so he glanced to the brown-haired boy and parted his lips to speak.

“Well? Did you have a fun Christmas?” Mika decided to ask, head tilted to regard Yoichi more formally. Yoichi looked up from his phone, bringing his big, olive-green eyes to meet with Mika’s gaze.

“The day isn’t even over yet for me,” Yoichi kindly smiled back to him. “I have a date to get to after this. I’m really happy because I think I’ve finally found someone to look at me and me only.” He paused, thoughtfully looking off to the side as he wondered what else to say. Then, Yoichi quietly continued, deciding to be honest with Mika. “I’ve never had that before. My parents don’t really care for me… so I felt empty a lot. But I don’t feel that way around Shiho. I really like him...”

Mika managed to smile slightly at him. Something in the way Yoichi spoke touched Mika’s heart; he felt like he knew exactly how Yoichi felt. Even though their experiences were different, Mika was also left behind by his parents quite often, and ever since it really distorted his idea of love.

Feeling the need to connect to Yoichi after how he treated him before, Mika decided to open up a little. Mika inhaled slowly, then carefully said, “You and I are alike. I always sought love, too. Not necessarily romantic love, but any love from anyone at all. Except… I hated those around me, closed my heart, and refused to accept anything. Before I knew it, I was empty. But there are meddlesome people in this world who will give you love even if you don’t ask for it.” Mika paused to glance down at Yuu, indicating to the other boy that he was indeed talking about his obnoxious, yet painfully adorable boyfriend. He smiled subtly as he went on, his voice tender, “We’re blessed just by knowing someone like that… I hope this Shiho guy is that person for you, Yoichi.”
“You’d be better off being more honest, Mika-kun,” Yoichi suggested, his head tilted to the side as he looked back at Mika, a genuine, caring shine in his eyes. “That’s how I got over my emptiness. I think it would work for you, too."
Mika made a soft sound of acknowledgement and looked off to the side. Yuu snuggled into his shoulder, cuddling up to him like a sleepy kitten. Mika’s heart warmed as he murmured, “You may be right about that.”
 
***
 
Finally, they arrived to their stop, and Yuu was awakened by a gentle shake from Mika’s hand. He blinked his eyes open, surprised to find out that he had fallen asleep.

“It was great seeing you two today,” Yoichi said as the train was coming to a slow. Yuu rubbed at his eyes and nodded in agreement as he yawned. Yoichi smiled as Mika got this feet, but his eyes remained on Yuu. He gestured with his hand for Yuu to come closer as he said, “Also, I have something to tell you, Yuu-kun. Lend me your ear.”

“What?” Yuu leaned closer to Yoichi, tilting his head down so Yoichi could say what he wanted to say to him.

“Mika-kun may look all aloof, but… he really likes you, Yuu-kun,” Yoichi whispered. Yuu gaped as his face flushed red from ear to ear, his heart leaping up into his throat from embarrassment at the sudden and unexpected statement about Mika. Yoichi then pulled back, a snicker on his face as he teasingly added, “Well, as family, that is! Yuu-kun, you turned all red! How embarrassing!”

Yuu sputtered as he stood up abruptly. The train was almost at its stop and Yuu nearly toppled over, but luckily he managed to retain his footing. Yoichi then waved at the two of them with a grin on his face. “Enjoy the night together, you two.”

“H-Huh?” Yuu flushed red at the implication Yoichi just made. To make matters even worse, Yoichi smirked and decided to say more.

“Oh, once you’re used to each other, let’s have a threesome, or maybe even a foursome with Shiho!”
Yuu’s entire face plunged into red, all the way down to his neck. What the hell was Yoichi saying now!? Similarly surprised, Mika sputtered on his breath beside Yuu.
“Three? 

Four?” 

Mika echoed, but then the train stopped and the doors opened, so it was time for them to get off. Overly flustered by Yoichi’s teasing, Yuu grabbed Mika’s hand and stormed out of there in an attempt to ignore Yoichi’s delighted laughter.

When they were off the train, Yuu turned around and pointed at Yoichi through the open train doors with a burning red face. “Yoichi!! Don’t scare Shiho off with things like that!”
“I’ll be cute and innocent for him, I promise!” Yoichi replied with a laugh before the doors closed, separating them until their next meeting. The train took off towards its next stop, leaving Yuu and Mika on the platform along with everyone else who got off the train. Yuu let out a sigh as his embarrassment finally began ebbing away, and he eyed Mika with a more relaxed expression.
“Let’s head back, yeah?” Yuu smiled and took Mika’s hand in his own. Mika nodded in agreement, so the two of them made the rest of their journey back home- luckily with no more interruptions.

As they approached the front door, Yuu sighed as he fiddled with the keys. “This is the first time I’ve been so exhausted on Christmas. Guren’s probably asleep already... he said he had work early this morning, so he probably got dinner on his own. I feel bad we took so long to find ingredients… I guess you and I can eat late and save some for Guren for tomorrow.”
Sure enough, once they got inside, it was completely dark. The only light was from the moon and stars outside paired with the city’s thriving energy. Yuu picked up a handwritten note on the table from Guren, saying he was looking forward to celebrating next year and that the cake was delicious. Yuu felt bad that they couldn’t all celebrate together, but Guren was never one to get overly sad over these sorts of things, anyways.“Hey, Yuu-chan?” Mika waited to continue until Yuu looked up to him questioningly. Mika stood beside him, eyes glimmering with subtle excitement as he asked, “Can I have some cake?”
“Huh? Before dinner? You could always wait until tomorrow,” Yuu responded with furrowed brows. “It’s so late, anyhow…”

“You baked this cake for today, right?” Mika said as he turned to the fridge to retrieve the cake anyways. He declared, “It won’t be as good if I don’t eat it today.” 

“You’re pretty stubborn, aren’t you, Mika?” Yuu laughed as Mika pulled the cake from the fridge and cut out his own slice. “You’re just like your grandpa on that front.”

“I’m honored.” Mika peered at him briefly before focusing down on the cake. Then, he took a forkful and stuck it in his mouth. Yuu watched with bated breath as Mika chewed and swallowed, his expression rather unchanging.

“H-How is it?” Yuu asked nervously, his heart racing far too quickly. It was just a cake, yet he was so flustered over it- he wanted Mika to enjoy the cake after he worked so hard on making the perfect dessert for Mika and Guren. Upon hearing the question, Mika froze and looked straight ahead, eyes unwavering.
“Awful.”
Yuu cringed and recoiled, feeling his heart twist in disappointment. He only managed to let out a strangled gasp before Mika turned to him, eyes glittering with amusement as he added, “Did you really think I’d say that?”

Yuu sighed deeply with relief. Then, without missing a beat, Mika went back to eagerly eating the cake. Yuu sulked over and glared at Mika, then raised his hands in the air like a child. He protested, “You can at least be honest about it!”

“This is who I am,” Mika replied, a little playful smile on his lips. Yuu huffed and crossed his arms as Mika ate his cake, silently enjoying it until he finished every last bite. Yuu was secretly very happy about this, feeling proud that Mika had liked the cake Yuu worked so hard on completing.

Yuu stood there for a while, studying Mika’s face, carefully taking in every detail of his calm expression. He looked relaxed and content; his eyebrows weren’t tensed up, his cheeks had  a gentle tint of color to them, and he had the slightest hint of a smile on his lips. Yuu felt his heart warm with relief, but truthfully, deep down he still was bothered by the previous instances with Yoichi. The feeling wouldn’t fade away no matter how Yuu tried.
Honestly, Yuu felt he should have noticed he was hurting Mika. Even Shinoa had pointed out how upset Mika was acting and tried to advise him to be considerate of Mika’s feelings. It was true that Yoichi was so physical and touchy with Yuu, but since it meant nothing romantic to Yuu, he didn’t think of how it might look to his own boyfriend. Mika had already apologized for being rude to Yoichi, but Yuu didn’t apologize to Mika for being so oblivious to his hurt and jealousy. Yuu realized this as he was zoned off, lips pursed as he finally gathered his thoughts.
“Mika…” Yuu softly spoke up, his eyes regretfully lifting to meet Mika’s own questioning ones. He hesitated and took in a tiny breath, then squeezed his eyes shut and said, “I’m really sorry about before, with Yoichi. I’m really dense and a bad family member. I didn’t see that you were hurting... I’m probably the worst boyfriend, too.” Yuu hadn’t noticed when his voice started to shake, but before he knew it tears were brimming his eyes and his vision was blurring. As he blinked open his eyes, he lowered his gaze and sniffled pitifully as regretful tears dripped down his cheeks.

“You really are a crybaby,” Mika murmured, a small smile lifting the corners of his lips. He stepped over to Yuu and pulled him into a gentle hug, causing Yuu’s breath to hitch and his eyes to widen from the consoling embrace. Mika’s voice was soothing and lacked any trace of anger as he softly spoke into Yuu’s hair. “I’m not upset with you, Yuu-chan. I was the one who acted out of line. You have nothing to worry about.”

“Mika…!” Yuu wailed softly and lifted his arms, hugging him back enthusiastically as relief washed over him. He snuggled into Mika’s neck as his tears slowed down, but he still felt emotional beyond belief about the fact that he might have caused Mika some pain. At the same time, Mika should have spoken up, but Yuu wanted to make sure nothing like that happened again. 
Thinking these things, Yuu spoke up again. “Just promise me this. Never burden things on your own, because you will get hurt. If you get hurt…” Yuu backed away from Mika’s hug, sliding his hands along Mika’s shoulders and gripping them tightly. He stared into Mika’s eyes through the remains of his tears, a stubborn flush across his cheeks. He wanted Mika to understand he was never alone anymore and he could stop struggling all by himself- it didn’t just apply to his work with the Student Council. In general, Mika had people who loved him and supported him- he had a family to lean on now.
“...it hurts Guren and I many times more! Keep that in mind!” After his childish outburst, Yuu huffed and placed his hands on his hips. Then, with a more serious and thoughtful expression, he looked to Mika with honest concern. “If you have any problems, just talk to me.”

Mika smiled at him, his stunning blue eyes glittering in the pale light that came through the windows. After releasing a short laugh, Mika seemed to fall into a more serious state of mind. He studied Yuu’s face briefly, eyes searching Yuu’s as he calmly and softly said, “Well, then maybe I’ll try being a bit more open.” Yuu blinked at him expectantly, his head cocked to the side as he waited for Mika to speak up about whatever he wanted to say. However, Yuu wasn’t expecting Mika to step so close to him, his eyes glinting as he hooked an arm around Yuu’s waist and pulled their bodies flush together.

“H-Huh? Mika?” Yuu stammered, his face flushing hot at the sudden lack of distance between them. He stared into Mika’s eyes with question, though his cheeks still reddened with shyness as Mika reached over and gently took Yuu’s wrist in his hand. Then, he brought Yuu’s hand close to his body, where he pressed Yuu’s hand palm-up against his chest- right over where his heart was. Yuu stammered as he felt the gentle, yet speedy thumping beneath his quivering fingers.

“Well? Can you feel the beat of my heart?” Mika murmured, eyes lidded low as he peered seductively at Yuu. His handsome face was slightly tinted pink, but Yuu blushed even darker at the intimacy of their position, fidgeting from the way their hips slightly rubbed together and how tenderly Mika held him in his arms. Yuu’s fingers flexed slightly against the fabric of Mika’s shirt, and he gulped, lowering his eyes as heat overwhelmed him from head to toe.

“Yuu-chan… there are things inside me that would please and terrify you. Both are there.” Yuu raised his eyes back to Mika’s, feeling his heart swell with emotions from concern to overwhelming affection. Mika tilted his head at him, his eyes glimmering with a vulnerability that Yuu only rarely saw. Mika looked almost… frightened, and Yuu held his breath as Mika said, “Do you still… want to look inside? Into me?”
Yuu stammered on his words, feeling his own heart begin to race. He gulped, his voice shaky as he said, “Wh-What’s gotten into you, Mika…?”“I’m grateful to you,” Mika said honestly, his eyes glittering with earnest emotions. “Between the incident with my grandfather, and my feelings about my father… you forced your way in and led me through them. I can’t thank you enough for everything…” Mika’s grip on Yuu’s wrist tightened slightly. “Oftentimes, I wonder if I can fall any harder for you.”
Yuu’s heart slammed his chest as he studied Mika’s eyes. 

Fall harder…? That means... 

Yuu swallowed and shakily exhaled. Words were scattered in his mind but he couldn’t find anything intelligent to say. His head seemed to be spinning, and all he could manage was a quiet and anticipating exhale. “Mika…?”

“I’m in love with you, Yuu-chan…” Mika leaned in closer, his eyes glimmering with such intense emotion that Yuu’s breath hitched. “And I’m tired of waiting for what we both want to do. Yuu-chan, if you’re ready, then I want to touch you, more than we have touched each other before…”

“I love you too-” Yuu breathed, almost too quickly before he threw his arms around Mika’s shoulders and kissed him enthusiastically. Their lips collided harshly and a muffled sound of surprise sounded from Mika, but Yuu didn’t care about their slightly painful impact. His heart felt like it was going to race out of his chest, for he was just so incredibly happy he could barely stand it.

 Finally, 

after all this time, they could embrace each other as they had been desiring to do for weeks and months.

Yuu was overeager as he molded their lips together, eyes fluttering shut as he moaned into Mika’s mouth. After his initial surprise, Mika kissed back happily, moving so that his arms were looped around Yuu’s waist. He held Yuu close to him, sharing their body heat as they gasped between each other’s lips. Yuu’s heart pounded and pounded and his face became hot very quickly, his eyes hazy with desire in mere minutes.

He had been waiting for so long, he was more than prepared for all the love Mika had to give him. He rocked his hips against Mika’s needily, peering up at his lover through thick, black eyelashes as he whispered between heavy breaths, “Mika… let’s go to our room, yeah…?”

Mika wasted no time in nodding and taking Yuu’s hand in his own. The two went to the bedroom and once inside, Yuu shut and locked the door behind them. When he turned around, he couldn’t get a step further- Mika came up and pushed him against the door, locking their lips in a passionate, tongue-heavy kiss.

“Mnh…!” Yuu shuddered and arched up from the hard surface of the door, seeking Mika’s warmth once again. His hands were pinned against the door and Yuu trembled, enjoying the mild restraint as Mika’s tongue dove deep inside his mouth. His hips kept rolling up towards Mika’s body, thrilled from the feeling the grinding motion against him caused. Their rocking movements created a burning, sensual friction between their clothed bodies.

Mika’s hands trailed down his arms, farther and farther until they settled down by Yuu’s hips. Those nimble fingers reached underneath Yuu’s shirt, where he felt Yuu up with cool, curious hands. Yuu trembled and whimpered into Mika’s mouth, feeling heat rush and swell between his thighs as Mika rolled Yuu’s sensitive nipples beneath his adept fingers. 

“M-Mika-ahh… j-just take it off…” Yuu begged once their kiss broke, sloppy and wet with a lewd sound that had Yuu flushing red to his ears. Mika breathed sharply against his mouth, then reached up to start hurriedly unbuttoning Yuu’s shirt. When the shirt finally hung open, Mika pushed it over Yuu’s shoulders hastily, clearly impatient to have Yuu naked before him. The clothing fell into a crumpled heap on the floor, forgotten in seconds.

Mika’s hands reached down to Yuu’s belt, which he quickly undid and slid free from the loops of his pants. Yuu’s eyes widened as Mika continued on without any sign of stopping, unbuttoning and unzipping his pants without a second thought. Yuu gasped as Mika reached in, seeking out his half-hard cock with restless hands. “M-Mika, wait, wha- 

ahhh-!!”


Yuu’s mind spun as Mika’s cool fingers wrapped around his length and began pumping. It was the first time anyone else besides Yuu had touched him there, and the sensation of someone else doing such an embarrassing thing and touching in such a private place had Yuu’s face flushing hot. He bucked his hips, eager for more of Mika’s touch, but suddenly the warmth of Mika’s presence began to trail down his body.

Yuu blinked open his bleary eyes, noticing how Mika’s hands slipped down and brought Yuu’s trousers and underwear down with them. All the while Mika was crouching down, positioning on his knees as he peered directly at Yuu’s now fully-erect cock. It stood upright before his eyes, and the fact that Mika was seeing Yuu from that angle had Yuu whimpering with embarrassment and need.


Oh god… 

Yuu gulped as his heart slammed his chest from the erotic sight of Mika before him, kneeling on the ground with parted lips, blue eyes blazing brilliantly up at Yuu with one hand wrapped around his length. He slid his wrist up and down, stroking Yuu slowly as he licked his lips hungrily and studied Yuu’s eyes.
Could he look any more enticing than he did right there and then? Yuu had no idea, but he stared down at Mika with a furiously blushing face. Mika’s breath was hot against the tip of his erection, causing Yuu to whimper between a shaky exhale. Noticing his wanton expression, Mika kept his eyes locked onto Yuu as he raspily asked, “Yuu-chan, I want to make you feel good. Can I suck you off?”
Yuu’s mind spun as heat rushed down to his cock and up to his cheeks at what felt like the same rate. Was that even a question? Yuu stared down at Mika in wonder and nodded up and down, lips parted eagerly as Mika smirked up at him knowingly. Mika knew what effect his smoothly spoken words had on Yuu and he took advantage of it, looking up at Yuu so charmingly while stroking his length up and down. 

God,

 how was Yuu so lucky to have a lover like Mika…?

Yuu’s eyes began to flutter shut as Mika lapped at the head of his cock, dipping his tongue along the slit and lapping up all precum he could reach. Enraptured, Yuu tilted his head back and sighed as he lost himself in the feeling, shuddering when Mika’s hands dipped down to play with Yuu’s balls and stroke them as he continued to lick and lick to his heart’s content. The combined sensations of Mika’s tongue and his hands on his balls had Yuu feeling weak and hot, his knees trembling as he leaned all his weight onto the closed door behind him. At this rate he was going to slide down, unable to stand himself upright- but he forced himself to stay there, thighs quivering with the strength he had to hold himself there.

Yuu felt his entire length become enveloped in hot, slick heat and he gasped, his hips unintentionally rising to sink himself deeper into that addictive feeling. With a start, he realized that heat all around him was 

Mika’s mouth

 and his eyes peered open, not wanting to miss the image of Mika with Yuu’s cock buried inside him, sheathing him down to the base. 

The sight was utterly 

stunning.

 Mika’s long, curly eyelashes fluttered against his fair cheekbones and his lips were slick around the girth of Yuu’s cock. He bobbed his head diligently, clearly aiming to bring Yuu to the highest peak of pleasure, and Yuu trembled with anticipation and gratitude. He reached down and stroked Mika’s soft hair, feeling the silky blond strands beneath his fingers as he lightly rolled his hips into Mika’s throat.

His head was clouded with desire, completely overwhelming him as Mika dragged his tongue up and down the sides of Yuu’s throbbing heat. Gasping heavily as he felt a surge of pleasure deep in his core, Yuu warned him between moans, “M-Mika- 

hahnnh-

 I-I think I’m close…

 a-ah…!”


After Yuu managed to speak those words, Mika sucked and moved even faster than before, clearly encouraging Yuu to climax into his throat. The mere thought had Yuu a shaking, panting mess against the door and the hand on Mika’s head tightened into a fist around his hair. He felt it coming closer and closer, all due to Mika’s unfairly skilled tongue-


“Hnnaaahh-!!”

 Yuu cried out, his head tossing back as he felt his orgasm wash over him as a hot wave of relief throughout his entire body. He bucked his hips forward and squeezed his eyes shut, cum spurting from his cock all the way down Mika’s dutiful throat. He hadn’t realized it in the heat of the moment, but he had grabbed Mika’s hair and shoved himself into Mika’s mouth, forcing Mika to stay in place as Yuu released inside of him.

When Yuu’s grip loosened, Mika pulled back and caught his breath. Yuu trembled from how sensitive he felt and he gasped, peering down at Mika with hazy eyes. “Mika, I-I’m sorry if I hurt-”

“You didn’t,” Mika assured immediately, his voice raspy. Mika slowly got to his feet, licking his slick lips while fixing a dark look onto Yuu’s flushed face. He smirked slightly and leaned close, his eyes fluttering shut as he tilted his head and pressed their lips together. Yuu felt weak and his feelings of guilt melted away almost instantly. Mika clearly was still enthusiastic about pleasuring Yuu, and knowing this, Yuu leaned into Mika and moaned softly. He was incredibly grateful for the amazing orgasm he just experienced thanks to Mika’s talented tongue.

He tasted something slightly salty and bitter on Mika’s tongue, and with a quickly flushing face Yuu realized it was 

himself

 that he tasted in Mika’s mouth. He groaned and ran his hands along Mika’s chest, fingers splaying out across the fabric of his shirt. As Mika’s tongue entwined with his own, Yuu began shakily unbuttoning Mika’s shirt, sliding one button after the other out of their holes as he made his way down Mika’s torso.

Finally, when the shirt was completely undone, Yuu shoved it off of Mika’s shoulders eagerly while breaking their kiss in the process. Mika backed away once the shirt fell to the floor, beckoning with his hand for the two of them to head to the bed. Then, Mika sat down on the edge of the bed and peered up at Yuu expectantly. Yuu followed his alluring boyfriend, leaving his clothes behind in a heap by the door, and then he eagerly climbed into Mika’s lap. He was already becoming hard again as he nudged himself up against Mika’s lean stomach, looping his arms around Mika’s neck as the blond leaned in and latched his teeth onto Yuu’s neck.

Yuu groaned with pleasure as Mika suckled on his skin, teeth scraping against his sensitive neck as he left a dark mark right where one had been some days before. Mika didn’t stop there- even after he parted from Yuu’s flushed skin with a 

pop,

 he continued by biting down on the skin of his collarbone, eyes closed in concentration. Yuu whimpered as Mika’s hands roamed Yuu’s body, with one of his palms squeezed around Yuu’s ass and the other lazily stroking his squishy thigh. His fingers brushed dangerously close to Yuu’s swelling erection and Yuu trembled from the sensation, sticking his ass out further into Mika’s groping hand, silently begging for more.

Mika’s own pants were tented, which excited Yuu so much he could hardly stand it. He ducked his head down, gasping and panting and letting out little mewling sounds as Mika sucked mark after mark into his creamy skin. Mika paused to lick and suck on Yuu’s pert nipples, which sent even more unbearably good sensations through Yuu’s already-heated body.

“Nngh… 

Mika…

 I-I want more of you...” Yuu admitted breathily, his hips rolling slightly with need. His blunt nails dug into the back of Mika’s neck, scratching lightly at the skin and causing Mika to gasp breathily from the subtle sensation.
“Yuu-chan…” Mika panted, peering up at Yuu with glimmering azure eyes. They were clouded with fervent desire, causing Yuu to bite down on his lower lip to hold back a thin whimper. Mika glanced to the side briefly, eyeing his nightstand as he softly and somewhat shyly admitted, “I’ve prepared for this and I bought lubricant and condoms. Can I use them with you?”
“Y-You did what?” Yuu stammered with surprise, feeling a new wave of embarrassment color his face deep red. Mika nodded in response, then silently reached over and opened the drawer and pulled out the bottle of lube and a condom, as if to prove he actually had them. Yuu gawked, his heart racing faster in his chest at the realization that Mika was ready for this and even took care to buy the proper things they needed.

Considering Mika’s past, he didn’t have any experience in this sort of thing, so that meant… Yuu felt his heart jump to his throat as he weakly said, “Y-You did 

research

 on how to have- s-... s-s-sex?” He was barely able to get the word out as he slowly colored red from the neck up. The sight of Yuu’s flustered countenance caused Mika to laugh softly.

“If we’re going to have sex, you should at least be able to say the word out loud, Yuu-chan.” Mika closed the drawer and focused back on Yuu, the bottle of lube held in his hand. “I’ve also looked up how to prepare, so I will do my best to take care of you and to make you feel good. Please tell me if anything hurts or if you want me to stop, okay, Yuu-chan?”

Of 

course

 Mika would look into this so thoroughly. Yuu was so embarrassed that he felt like throwing the blankets over his face and never coming out, but also… the thought of doing something so intimate with Mika was thrilling. To have sex with Mika and go all the way had been what he was craving for all these weeks after all, so obviously, Yuu wanted to go through with it. After pursing his lips, Yuu tried to swallow the rest of his shyness and nodded up and down quickly.
“Alright, Mika… lead the way for me.” Yuu raised a determined face, his emerald gaze vibrant and unwavering as he peered into Mika’s sapphire eyes. Nodding in response, Mika leaned back in to eagerly kiss Yuu, meshing their lips together in a heated collision, likely in order to get Yuu into a flustered mess once again. Naturally, getting Yuu to that heated state didn’t take very long, for Yuu was more than willing to melt into Mika’s lips and give himself to his lover entirely.
Gradually, Mika maneuvered them so that Yuu was laying down on the mattress, his head supported by pillows while Mika situated himself between Yuu’s spread thighs. The sight was suggestive to what they would be doing shortly, and Yuu swallowed thickly as Mika began opening the bottle of lubricant. Without missing a beat, he coated his fingers and brought his hand down between Yuu’s legs.

“Nhn…!” Yuu winced at the cool, wet feeling of Mika’s fingertips pressing against his untouched hole. Yuu himself had only toyed down there a few times before, but since he lacked the proper lube to spread himself, he never got very far with his experimenting. This experience would be all new to him, which both excited and slightly frightened Yuu. However, he knew he could trust Mika with something like this, so Yuu laid there, body tensing as Mika rubbed at his hole with the slickened pads of his fingers.

“Yuu-chan, relax…” Mika murmured as he leaned down over Yuu, azure eyes cloudy with lust. He pressed a few kisses to Yuu’s stomach and sides- the press of his lips against his skin was ticklish and Yuu squirmed lightly, his cheeks ablaze with nervousness and desire. Slowly, Yuu took Mika’s advice and breathed in deeply to help loosen himself up. Yuu figured it would hurt if he remained all stiff and awkward, so he put his full trust into Mika and rested against the pillows, his blush burning hot on his cheeks.

It was hard for Yuu to stay relaxed when Mika’s finger slipped inside of him, causing Yuu’s toes to curl and his breath to hitch. It didn’t feel good yet per say, but Yuu got caught up with the fact that 

Mika

 was touching him there- that a part of Mika was inside Yuu, just like Yuu had been inside Mika. It thrilled him and sent chills of desire down his spine, making him let out a little breathy moan from the realization. “Mmnh… Mika…”

The man in question smiled slowly as he wriggled his finger around. Mika didn’t respond, but he seemed to quietly understand the way Yuu was feeling as he moved his finger in and out in a rhythmic pace. He poured more lube over the hand that was currently working at Yuu’s ass and carefully added a second- the gradual stretch had Yuu twitching and whimpering softly. It stung a little, but not enough to actually hurt- he simply felt his heart speed up faster at the intimacy of their actions.
“You look beautiful,” Mika whispered, voice earnest and laced with pure adore and love. Yuu gazed at him with glittering green eyes, his chest rising and falling shallowly as Mika pushed his fingers deeper within him. Soon a third finger was added and Mika was reaching in deeper than anyone ever had, even Yuu himself; Yuu craned his head back and gasped at the foreign sensations.
“A-

Ahhn…!” 

Yuu cried out as Mika’s fingertips prodded against him, somewhere deep within- it was sensitive and sent a jolt of pleasure right through his cock, making Yuu’s eyes shimmer and his entire body tremble. Mika continued rubbing against that spot, making Yuu seize up and wriggle under Mika’s touch. Amazed and confused from how good he was feeling, Yuu’s lips parted in question, his heart racing even faster than before. “M-

Mika,

 wha-

ahhhn-...! 

Wha… what are you touching-”
“Your prostate,” Mika answered, his voice level but also somewhat breathy. “It’s what’s making you feel good, Yuu-chan. The sounds you’re making are… lovely,” Mika admitted, his own cheeks coloring a darker shade of red as he fingered Yuu, thoroughly and insistently. Yuu’s mind was clouding with all sorts of fantastic sensations, making him gasp and tremble under Mika’s nimble fingers. If it kept going at this rate… Yuu felt a rush of heat down to his core, where it settled and threatened to burst. Everything that Mika was doing felt so good, but he knew Mika was going to do more with Yuu soon and he didn’t want it to end just yet.
“Mi

-kahhh…! 

Mika- stop, I’m gonna cum if you don’t-!” Yuu whimpered, his hips bucking up into the pleasure Mika gave him. But despite this tempting display, Mika was a good listener and he pulled his fingers away, leaving Yuu a burning red, gasping mess against the sheets. His cock stood upright, leaking generous amounts of precum onto his stomach as he breathed in and out heavily. Yuu could hear the rustling of clothes, and he blinked down between their bodies, watching as Mika slid his pants and underwear off. He swallowed deeply, taking in the sight of Mika’s gorgeous, smooth nude body briefly. He watched, stunned with awe as Mika pumped his flushed, shiny cock up and down.
Even Mika was all worked up and dripping with precum despite the fact that Yuu hadn’t touched him yet. Yuu knew that Mika got himself that hard just from sucking Yuu off and touching him all this time, and realizing this had Yuu biting back a low groan. Yuu’s breath stuttered as Mika opened a condom packet and then, with careful concentration, rolled the rubber sheath onto his length.
This... was really happening. Yuu was almost dizzy with the realization as he spread his legs unashamedly, a blush spreading from his neck up. Mika gripped the backs of Yuu’s knees and lifted his legs, positioning himself against Yuu as if he had done this many times before.

Mika really was incredibly smart, Yuu realized as he stared at Mika with bleary, lust-ridden eyes. He probably only looked this stuff up a few times and after his research, he was able to do these bold, sexual things with Yuu without a moment’s hesitation. That made Mika rather brave, too… Yuu whimpered and chewed on his bottom lip when he felt the head of Mika’s cock nudging against his twitching, slick hole.

“Yuu-chan, can I…?” Mika asked, his voice hesitant and low with need. Yuu nodded up and down frantically, his hips wiggling with impatience. His cock already ached and his body felt like it was squeezing tight deep inside- he needed stimulation against his prostate again or else he’d go mad. Noticing his eager and desperate expression, Mika licked his lips and rolled forward, sinking his length all the way inside of Yuu with a careful, thoughtful pace. Yuu’s body arched into the feeling, his exhale trembling as he felt his heart pound and pound, overly excited about the fact that Mika was 

finally

 all the way inside him.

“Nnnhh…! M-Mika… 

hahh…!”

 Yuu quivered as the head of Mika’s cock reached all the way to his prostate, nudging against it ever-so-slightly before he pulled away and thrust himself back inside. Yuu tilted his head back, trying to relax himself as Mika built up a steady pace of thrusting within Yuu, switching between burying his cock deep within him and pulling back enough to make Yuu long for that full-feeling once more.

At first, it was only mildly enjoyable, for the sensation of being stretched so wide was still mostly uncomfortable- but it wasn’t long before Yuu was a gasping, moaning mess as pleasure took over his foggy mind. He shuddered every time Mika thrust into him, especially when he felt Mika’s balls press up against his body. All the sensations combined with Mika’s alluring expressions was like heaven to Yuu- he whimpered as he looked up at Mika, heart racing and face flushing impossibly redder.

Mika looked almost just as breathless, his lips parted as he plunged himself deep into Yuu over and over. A sheen of sweat was across his skin, causing his blond hair to stick to his temples and forehead. He turned his head slightly, lovingly pressing kisses to the side of Yuu’s leg, which he held up against his shoulder as he pounded inside of him again and again. Every thrust that met his prostate sent sparks down Yuu’s spine and jolts of pleasure up the length of his cock, which throbbed and heated more every passing moment, warning Yuu that he was going to release soon.


“Hahhn… hhah! 

Gnnh- Mika

-ahhh…! Mika-

 I- it feels so good…!” Yuu practically babbled between thrusts, his nails digging into the headboard behind him. His body arched off the bed to meet the force of Mika’s movements, his eyes clenching shut as he felt the beginnings of an orgasm coil up in his core.

“Y-Yuu-chan…! You’re-

 nhhhn- 

so tight… feels…

 hhan-

 amazing…” Mika managed to shakily speak as well, his own expression hot and loaded with fervent passion. Yuu couldn’t take it any longer in the end- he tossed his head back and cried out as his climax rippled through him, hot and so damn 

good

 that Yuu seized up even tighter around Mika’s throbbing erection.

 “M-Mika

-ahhh…! HHahh-!!” 

As he finally reached his release, Yuu swore he was seeing stars sparkle behind his eyes, glimmering along with the most mind-blowing orgasm he ever had in his life. In the haze of his climax, Mika bent down over Yuu, his eyes closed and eyebrows tensed as he gasped and bucked his hips, driving himself as deep into Yuu as he could go. When he tensed and shuddered, Yuu knew he came, so he reached up and weakly wrapped his arms around Mika’s shoulders.

The two of them laid there, breathing heavily as they came down from their mutual, pleasured highs, embracing and basking in each other’s warmth. Yuu nuzzled against Mika and then pressed their foreheads together while stroking Mika’s wavy hair. Besides being sated and satisfied from their lovemaking, Yuu felt all sorts of joyful emotions course through him and he smiled blissfully.

“Mika… that felt really good,” Yuu whispered honestly, peering up at Mika with a lovesick smile. “Did you feel good, too…?”
Mika nodded in response, turning to press a gentle kiss to Yuu’s lips. “I want to do it again, Yuu-chan.”
“R-Right now?” Yuu stammered, his heart pounding faster at the implication. Mika laughed gently from his flustered reaction.

“No, but soon,” Mika murmured, then pressed more tender kisses along his lips, cheeks and nose. Yuu smiled at the flutter of kisses all over his blushing skin, gratefully holding onto Mika just a bit tighter.

“Merry Christmas, Mika…” Yuu whispered, then turned his head to kiss the side of Mika’s head. “Let’s spend every Christmas like this from now on.”

“Okay,” Mika whispered in response, nuzzling into Yuu’s neck gently. Yuu felt a swoop of joy as he felt Mika smile against his skin, broad and uncontained.

All tangled up with Mika like this was where Yuu knew he belonged. He wouldn’t trade Mika for the world- not for 

anything.

 The future was definitely uncertain, but Yuu knew things would be okay as long as they had each other. No one and nothing would get in between them, not ever again. They would move forward together, supporting each other through the good times and the bad. Yuu coudn’t wait to watch Mika and Shinya bond again, for Mika to make new friends and to achieve his dream as he grew up. Yuu still had to figure out his own aspirations, but he knew that Mika would be there for him through it all. Thinking these things, Yuu squeezed Mika close to him, his heart thumping steadily with all the love he had to give.

Yuu exhaled, his breath brushing against Mika’s silky blond hair. Laying there, coddled in Mika’s warmth and overwhelming affection, he dazedly could think only one thing over and over again.


I love you more than I can say.



END




Chapter End Notes
WOOOO ITS DONEEE!! The fic that was only meant to be 40-50k turned out to be double its length, but hey what did you expect from me? Get Rekt Yuu-chan was meant to be around 15 chapters and ended up being my longest fic (for now). Angel of Music doubled in length as well. What can I say? LOLI hope you all enjoyed my Citrus adaptation, both what I changed and didn't change, and thank you for excitedly supporting me all this time with your enthusiastic comments and even fanart!!! I love you all and appreciate it so much! <3I am commissioning some cover art for this fic so stay tuned for that :)If you weren't already aware, I've begun my Shadowhunters/Mortal Instruments AU with my dear friend Zeta called City of Dust and Shadows. Please go check it out if you haven't yet, I am STOKED for this fic :DI had fun writing this story because it had been a while since I wrote in my more lighthearted, humorous style. Angel of Music was all elegant and fancy which was TONS of fun to write but I didn't want to lose touch with this kind of writing! If you want more fics like this one, not to worry, my next fic will be a very similar level of humor and fun...It is going to be an Ouran High School Host Club AU, appropriately named Kiss Kiss Fall in Love :D !!I hope you decide to check it out when I start writing it! Thanks again for all your support on this fic! :)



Afterword


End Notes

Check out my twitter for updates on fic status, to see my daily musings and more!



Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



