



Si Deus Me Relinquit - ElopeToTheSea - Pu falsehiroakademia
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Si Deus Me Relinquit
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/13954314.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
Graphic Depictions Of Violence
Category:
Multi
Fandom:
僕のヒーローアカデミア | Boku no Hero Academia | My Hero Academia
Relationship:
Midoriya Izuku/Todoroki Shouto, Bakugou Katsuki & Midoriya Izuku, Ashido Mina/Uraraka Ochako, Iida Tenya & Midoriya Izuku & Uraraka Ochako, Iida Tenya & Midoriya Izuku & Todoroki Shouto & Uraraka Ochako
Character:
Todoroki Shouto, Bakugou Katsuki, Uraraka Ochako, Iida Tenya
Additional Tags:
Villain Iida Tenya, villain ochako, Villain Todoroki Shouto, villain vs heroes, Anti-Hero, a bit of character analysis but you know me by now, Villain Midoriya Izuku, Villain Deku
Series:
Part 2 of
From One Lost Person To Another
Collections:
HighQualityBNHAFics
Stats:

        Published: 2018-03-12
          Completed: 2018-07-31
          Chapters: 10/10
        Words: 36821
      

Si Deus Me Relinquit
by ElopeToTheSea
Summary
So...Is anyone curious about what happened to the Hero Lovers after their leader died?
Notes

          See the end of the work for  notes





Preface
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




The shuffling of the cards echoed in the room. Brown eyes staring straight into them, as the grin of the Dealer, widened. Fingers dancing across the table to the sound of the cards, eyes cast down in full concentration.“You need to be kidding,” the girl said, her voice traveling through the air in a wave of shock. It rifted the space between them, as the Dealer stopped his movement. “The Heroes want to do what?”“I have a bad feeling about this,” another voice said from beside the girl.“Well, duh,” the girl commented, eyebrow rising. The Dealer continued his movements with a light smile on his lips. “It smells rotten from miles away…even by Hero standards.”“I hope you’re not lying,” the man said to the Dealer, edge cutting through his words.“Hey, I’m just the Dealer,” the Dealer said with a loud laugh. The hands stopped the cards abruptly, just to carefully place them back into a deck. “No need to take it out on me, big man.”The girl’s eyebrow twitched.“I don’t trust you,” she said, eyes narrowing towards the man.“You don’t trust anyone, last time I checked,” the Dealer replied, a grin in his face. The shuffle of the cards grew louder. “Well, except your sidekick and…” Eyes shifted to the corner of the room. A dark shadow rested against the wall. “…your friend.”“Ignore him,” she said. Her voice was quick, breaking through the room.“Not talkative much, huh?” the Dealer said, finally spreading the cards towards the girl. “Pick three.”“Forget about him, he won’t mutter a word,” the girl said and complied to the Dealer’s orders. “Tell me about the hero operation.”The Dealer also offered it to her companion, who begrudgingly picked three too. It left the Dealer with a satisfied grin.“They plan to take The Hero Lovers down,” he said, shuffling the cards again. “They want to corner you down with a bait.”“Aww, what a lovely surprise,” the girl said with a voice that dripped sarcasm like melted fluorescent candy. She smiled at the innocence of an Angel. “They must be really desperate!”“They are,” the Dealer answered. “You know class 2-A?”This made both of them flinch.“Brings back memories,” the girl said. She brought the three cards to her lips, eyes shimmering. “The Elite Kids.”The words tasted like honey in her mouth, bringing a sickly wide smile to her face. It was a wolfish grin, a predator ready to eat her favorite dinner.“Right,” the Dealer continued. “Pro Heroes are aware you have connections with them.”“Pretty little heroes~,” the girl singsong, waving the cards in the air dismissively. “Unhatched eggs. It’s our duty to crush before they get the chance to be reborn.”“They’re bringing them to your next attack,” the Dealer said, neverminding the girl’s words. The cards kept hitting the wood of the table, as the girl glanced at her own cards with a perfect poker face. “They think it will lure you out to actually have a fight.”“Finally. They’re thinking,” she said. Her loud sigh was accompanied by the drop of her cards to the table. The Dealer whistled, and the girl grinned. “Maybe now we can actually have fun!”“Confident much?” the Dealer asked.By her side, the boy dropped his cards too.“As much as always,” the girl answered.  “Judgement, Hermit,” the Dealer read the cards out loud from the man’s side. “…and Sun. The fortune seems to be on your side.”“I don’t believe in fortune telling,” the man replied, pushing the cards towards the Dealer with a frown.“That’s the fun thing about Fortune,” the Dealer said with eyes closed in a contempt. “Whether you believe on it or not, it’s true.”“Yeah, right,” the girl laughed. It was loud and boisterous filling the air like an ocean.The Dealer smirked and reached for her cards.“Yours is quite interesting too,” the Dealer said, making the girl perked up. “For the Past: Death. For the Present: The Empress, and for the Future: The Wheel of Fortune.”“I have no idea what it means,” the girl confessed, shifting her weight to rest on the chair. “Sounds really ominous, just like you.”The Dealer looked at her with hesitation.“What about your side of the deal, Angel?”“Loverboy,” she called. The man who was in the shadows walked towards the Dealer. Without so much as a word, he dropped the files to the dealer’s table.“A pleasure making deals with you,” the Dealer replied. However, he took another glance at the man standing before him. “Hey, Equilibrium. Pick three cards.”The man just stared at him, not moving an inch. The Dealer had his cards spread out in front of him. But Equilibrium didn’t reach for the card. Instead, his cold stared burned holes in the Dealer as the minutes went down.Finally, Uravity sighed.“Just humor him,” she said, standing up and ready to leave. “He’s a good ally.”It was all it took for him to reach out.He picked three. He turned them around to show them.“The Fool,” the dealer said and then laughed. The man just stared with dead eyes. “Lovers…And Death" The man threw the cards to the desk, frown in his face as he turned around, walking to the door.“We’re leaving,” Ingenium finally spoke. To that, the other two complied. “Thanks for the help, Dealer.“Always here to help my friends on the other side,” the Dealer smiled as he spoke. The door closed, leaving him to stand alone with the nine cards on the table. “Hero Lovers, huh?”He reached for the cards.
“That man creeps me out,” Uraraka said, dropping to the couch in the small run-down hotel. She propped her legs up on the coffee table and looked up at the ceilings. “If it weren’t for the info I would have his head in a pitchfork by yesterday.”“Information from the inside will always be welcomed,” Iida said, reaching to sit down next to her. He brought a cup of tea to his lips and breathed in. “Now more than ever.”“We shouldn’t need to get information,” Uraraka spat, frowning deeply as she glared at the ceiling. It stared back accusingly and stale. “We could conquer the world if only-!”“Uraraka,” Iida called her name, making her stop. She turned slightly to her partner, who just shifted his eyes to the other figure left in the room.“Todrooki,” Uraraka called. The boy was standing on the counter of the makeshift kitchen they had. His eyes were darkened as he read the information given to them by the Dealer. Her eyes softened. “Hey, sweetie, why don’t you come relax with us?”“I can’t,” Todoroki replied. Eyes dancing from the papers to the notebooks to the newspapers. “I think I might be able to-”Iida was the one to get up this time, handing Uraraka his tea.“Todoroki,” Iida said, making his friend look up. “You should rest.”“But-” he tried to say but was shut down by Iida’s hand resting on his head.Todoroki could feel his body grow more and more tired with each passing day. He was aware how his hair was covered in grease from the number of days he had spent without bathing and the growing eyebags underneath his eyes.He was a mess.“You won’t solve anything by tiring yourself out,” Iida reminded him, a soft smile on his face. “That’s what I told him, and that’s why I tell you. Don’t overwork.”Todoroki didn’t want to stop. He felt the clues were just at his fingertips reach, just waiting for answers to be found.But he knew better.“Come drink tea with us,” Uraraka intervened, a bright smile on her face as she patted down next to the couch. “There’s still one spot for you!”Todoroki clenched the pencil he was holding.“I have to do this,” he said instead. Neither of them moved. “I need to find him.”“You’re two peas from the same pod,” Uraraka commented, laughter getting the best of herself when she snickered. “Suit yourself, Loverboy.”“I stand my point,” Iida said, handing him a cup of tea before going back to Uraraka. “Don’t overwork yourself.”“But this is going to be fun,” Uraraka said, looking back to the ceiling. “Class 2-A will be there for our next raid…What a lovely thing!”“You want to meet Pinky again?” Todoroki asked, mildly amused. Uraraka laughed.“Of course! She’s my soulmate after all!” she cheered.
Mina stared down at her whiteboard, unsure of what she should write on it. Million of names came to her mind, but none seemed appropriate.Hero Names.She held on to the marker, hoping the pressure she was putting wasn’t too strong. It was hard to tell how much strength she was putting when the prosthetic didn’t allow her to feel.“Yet!” Mei’s cheerful smile had provided. “I swear to you and me, Mina, that I will make a prosthetic that will let you defeat those nasty Villains as if It were your own arm!”She smiled at her new friend’s antics in calm.She wrote something on the board quickly and went ahead.“Alien Queen!” she shouted, showing off her board.“What? That sounds like something out of a horror film,” Midnight said, tilting her head to the side. “I want it to sound like one,” Mina replied, her eyes fell on her arm. Rage filled her eyes. “I want Villains to fear my name.”“Villains are one thing,” Midnight sighed. “But civilians are other. You’ll scare children. How about a more child-friendly name? Like ‘Pinky’?”Mina froze. The image of a bubbly girl smiling, calling her “Pinky!” as she held an ice cream to her nose came flooding her. Her heart beat faster and her blood reached boiling point.“No,” she spat the words, without intending to. She glared to the rest of her classmates, even if they had nothing to do with the memories. “Just one person calls me ‘Pinky’…and I will make sure I can spot them miles away when they call my name. That’s a battle between us two, I can’t lose.”Midnight saw the way Mina’s eyes narrowed, and how she seemed completely lost in her own world.This was…Not safe.“Okay, if you’re so sure about it,” Midnight complied, but part of her was still not sure of this turn of events.The name seemed like a genuinely bad idea.
 The Dealer picked the three cards that represented the future of the Hero Lovers with curiosity.“The Fallen Angel,” he said, placing the Wheel of Fortune in the left side of the table. Change.“The Dark Knight,” he continued. By it’s right side he placed the Sun. Freedom.The Dealer lingered his eyes on the last card.“And Lilith,” he finalized, hands placing the Death Card in the middle. Rebirth.  A grin spread through his face and reached for the deck of cards.Playing around with the last card he had, he let it drop right on top of the three cards.
The Devil. 
“I’ll be waiting, Lucifer.”



Chapter End Notes
I know it's kind of short but the rest won't be. A lot of people wanted to know what happened after Deku died, so I guessed, why not continue their story?


Pale Blue Moon
Chapter Summary
Are we dancing in our chains?Blinded by the by pride inside our veinsI once feared the end, praying for my lifeNow I greet that darkness as a friend
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




The steps were heard across the abandoned bus station, piquing the interest of Uravity. Equilibrium still didn’t look up from his note, while Ingenium stood up to move forward.
“Protective much, darling?” a voice called in the dark. Despite that, Ingenium didn’t move an inch.
The laughter that followed echoed in the room. Wind gushing as the footsteps grew louder. The corners of Uravity’s lips inched upwards. She let her head fall to the side, eyes narrowing towards the door.
“Himiko Toga,” Uravity pronounced her name like a spell. It tasted like acid, but it was so familiar it had an underlying sweet aftertaste that brought back memories. A pleased smile settled on her lips. “What brings our old friend back?”
Soft giggles came afterward, and she stepped into the fluorescent dim light of the abandoned place. She looked just like they recalled. Wide smile, unfocused eyes, and the scent of cheap perfume mixed in with blood. It made Todoroki’s stomach churn, but he stayed silent as he kept on inspecting the papers at hand. Her clean school uniform made Uravity glare.
“I thought you wouldn’t show your face again,” Ingenium said when Himiko didn’t say another thing. He finally relaxed, letting his arms fall to the side, inspecting her over his glasses. “Not after Midoriya left.”
“How mean!” Himiko cried but her wide smile didn’t falter. “It’s true, though. I was heartbroken after what happened to Izuku…But I actually found info you might find helpful!”
“Info?” Uravity asked, raising her head to look at Himiko directly into the eyes. “What do you mean?”
“I was going to let it slip,” Himiko said, reaching for something in her pocket. “But…after all you guys did for me, I guessed it was only fair.”
Carefully, Himiko placed something in Ingenium’s extended palm.
“Is this-?” Ingenium began, unsure of what he was holding.
“You remember the Hero Killer?” Himiko inquired, pointing her finger towards the sky. Ingenium nodded. “He’s back at it again.”
“I don’t care,” Ingenium said, frowning at the newspaper in his hand. “A long time ago I stopped caring about him.”
“So noble, even for my knight in shining armor,” Himiko laughed in response and shook her head. “That’s not my point though. Apparently, Heroes are dying to meet him now, so they’re setting up a trap for him.”
“Just like they are for us, I’m guessing,” Uravity wondered out loud.
“Bingo!” Himiko cheered. “Nothing less from my bestie!”
“I’m blushing,” Uravity joked, giving Himiko a smile. She then turned to Equilibrium. “What do you think, Loverboy?”
“Stop calling me that,” Equilibrium answered, reviewing the papers once again. “I guess what you’re suggesting is to sneak in their attack when they’re expecting the Hero Killer?”
“It would be a nice play,” Himiko nodded.
“That’s really nice of you, Himiko,” Uravity’s eyes softened. “But we’re dancing into the trap, willingly.”
“You’re gonna get captured for sure,” Himiko said without missing a beat.
“It’ll be worth it,” she said. Finally, getting up and reaching for the newspaper with her own hands. “I’m meeting my Alien Queen after all!”
“Oh! The pink lady?!” Himiko asked, pushing Ingenium to the side. Her eyes were shining. “She’s gonna be there?!”
“Yes!” Uravity said, running through the pages.
“I get why you like her,” Himiko said with a sigh. “If I were into chick, I would totally go for her…”
“That would have been fun,” Uravity said. She turned to look at Himiko with a glare. “Who would have won, I wonder.”
Himiko laughed. She seemed to genuinely be having fun despite how cruel Uravity was. It was part of the charm it had to be with Himiko. It was never stale, mood always changing, air shifting. It was fun.
“So, if you’re risking it all in this attack…” Himiko wondered, looking at the ceiling. “Do you think I could go with you?”
“Why?” Uravity asked, sitting on the couch.
Himiko did too, her legs hanging off the edge.
“I miss the random missions with you guys,” Himiko confessed. Then smiled. “Not all the time, of course! You guys are crazy! But…The thrill I would get when Izuku would come to my high school to ask for help…”
Himiko licked her lips.
“Alright,” Uravity agreed. Equilibrium looked up at her with questioning eyes. “You were always a huge help. I guess one for old times sake would be fun…And we do need a distraction.”
“Yay!” Himiko cheered, to what Uravity just smiled.
“Remember, though,” Uravity warned with a dangerous tone and a wicked smile. “…steal all the hero blood you can, babe.”
Himiko’s eyes glistered in delight at this.
“All of it?”
Uravity laughed.
“They die easier if you do, don’t they?”

"You really think this will work?” Yagi asked, trying his best not to cough out blood. Surrounded by the rest of the teachers, whose grim expressions gave away the answer better than words ever could.
“It’s our only option,” Midnight said, gripping the papers at hand. “With the rise of the Hero Killer, and these Hero Lovers running around also damaging us without hesitation…If we don’t stop this now, even the kids will end up injuring themselves in the Internships.”
They all knew she was right.
“I still wish there were a way to leave them out of this,” Yagi answered, feeling the energy leave his body.
Midnight sighed.
“They’re the only ones with any sort of connection with the Hero Lovers,” she said, holding up the pictures they had taken of the girl and the boy. She frowned. “It doesn’t help that one of our own kids…”
“Todoroki,” Aizawa said out loud. Everyone fell silent.
“Those two were beyond our control,” Midnight said, grinding her teeth. “But Todoroki-!”
“Let’s not think about that,” Nezu interrupted. He was as shaken as anyone else but showed it less. “How about we discuss your plan for the Hero Killer.”
Midnight sighed and took out the pictures.
“He’s back,” she said as a matter of fact. “But he’s not alone this time.”
“He was difficult enough to control back when he worked solo,” Yagi said, reaching for the pictures. “But two Hero Killers…”
“I actually believe he’s getting weaker with this new partner,” Midnight said, looking over the pictures. “Far weaker. His partner is not someone…of his same caliber.”
“What do you mean?” Eraserhead asked. Midnight frowned.
“We cannot know for sure,” she said holding up one of the blurry photos of the stacks. “But it…might be a kid.”
“What?”
She turned the photo to show it to the rest of the present Heroes. It was a picture of the Hero Killer on the top of a building. If you squinted, you could see the smaller frame of someone standing a few meters away.
“The shape of the head is off,” Eraserhead pointed out.
“They call them ‘The White Rabbit,’” Midnight explained, turning the photo back to her eyes. “They wear a rabbit mask to hide their face.”
“Do you have any more information?” Yagi asked. “Anything?”
Midnight shook her head.
“Unfortunately…There are few witnesses left after the attacks,” she frowns, “and those who are left…Well, there’s a reason why they are called “The White Rabbit”. It sends them all the way to Wonderland.”
“Lucky are the ones who can speak after that,” Nezu explained further. “Some can’t walk, some can’t speak, or hear…But they all fall into a panic state whenever they see a rabbit.”
“Not the most limited of phobias if you ask me,” Eraserhead said, raising an eyebrow.
“You underestimate the word panic then,” Midnight said, crossing arms over her chest. “They genuinely fear for their lives. They lose themselves in this delusion.”
“In short,” Yagi said, holding the same picture Midnight had on her hands. “They’re more dangerous than the Hero Lovers?”
“Definitely,” she said, tossing the photo to the pile. “We should be warier of them than anyone else. The Hero Lovers, at the end of the day, are just kids.”
“You underestimate kids, Midnight,” Yagi told her.
“You overestimate them, All Might,” she answered. “That’s why they’re Villain.”
“They’re Villains because we failed them,” Yagi pressured.
“They’re Villains because they failed themselves,” Midnight finalized. “They can’t blame us for what they chose.”
The room was left in silence.

The four of them walked into the old building, feeling the chills run up their spines.
“This brings back memories,” Uravity said, her smile wide. “Remember the plan?”
“Yes, captain!” Toga said in a cheerful tone, which Uravity gave back.
“Thanks, babe,” she said with a bright smile. “You’re a literal lifesaver.”
Without a second to lose, she handed Toga the bottle of blood in her hand. It was shiny and cold, enough to last her a couple of hours.
“This is a lot~,” Toga said with gleaming eyes. She licked her lips in excitement and turned to Uravity. “How’d you get so much?”
“It’s my secret weapon,” Uravity said with a wink. She showed off her arm. There was a small, barely there, band-aid that covered the vein underneath. “Now, princess, go kick Hero ass with my face.”
Toga laughed.
“That’s my Angel!” Toga said and drank the blood in one go. Skin melted as she shapeshifted. “I had forgotten how much fun I had with you!”
“You’re making me blush,” Uravity said, holding her cheeks in her hand. “Now babe, break loose!”

“This is rotten,” Ground Zero spoke as they neared the place where the Villains were. “What are they doing robbing this place in the middle of nowhere?”
“They’re Villains,” Red Riot reminded as he ran as fast as he could to keep up with the rest of the team. “They must have wanted an easy catch.”
“Stop fooling around,” Alien Queen chastised from their side. The words falling from her mouth were filled with pure venom. “I can finally kick those idiots’ asses, I’m not waiting a second longer!”
“Calm down, Alien Queen!” Red Riot tried to soothe her. “They’re not going anywhere, they’re surrounded! And, besides it’s just Uravity-”
“As if!” Ground Zero spoke. Red Riot turned to see the way Ground Zero’s frown deepen. “Those bastards never work alone.”
“What do you mean-?” he started talking but before he could finish, Alien Queen stopped running.
Ground Zero stopped too.
Kirishima’s eyes traveled towards Alien Queen, who was looking up to the building in front of them. Her eyes were burning in the way a firepit could only dream. Stance wide, ready to fight.
She was burning up.
“What a lovely sight,” Alien Queen muttered under her breath, as she stared at the familiar silhouette. Her eyes locking up with those familiar hazel eyes of her. “The little Angel finally decided to show up…”
“Pinky,” the woman replied. The sound of that single name rolling off her tongue was enough to make Alien Queen shiver. Not Mina, not Alien Queen. Pinky. Pinky. Pinky.  “You are so grown up.”
“Of course, I did, Angel,” Alien Queen replied, a wide smile blooming on her face. It was scary. Deserving of her Hero Name: Alien Queen. “And I did, for this entire moment.”
“Oh, I’m flattered,” Uravity said. Her voice strained to maintain the façade of an innocent girl. Her own eagerness for the battle was a dead giveaway. “Me, nothing more than a humble Vigilante, catching the eye of one of the best heroes of the world!”
“Vigilante? Don’t make me laugh,” Alien Queen said, holding up her arm to show her case. It was a metal prosthetic. One that wouldn’t feel the warmth or the cold. One taken from her by the monster in front of her. “You’re villains. You took my arm. You took Yaomomo’s future. You took-!”
“Yeah, yeah, we took a lot of things from you, I get it,” Uravity said, her tone condescending to the point of silliness. She took a step forward, not bothering to look at Alien Queen. She landed on the balcony of the building, barely ten meters away from Alien Queen. “You like to think you were the only one who lost everything that day…”
“What could you have possibly lost that could equal what you took from us?” Alien Queen asked. The anger that was boiling in her pit was  
It made Uravity grimace. Eyes narrowed, black as coal as they dug into Alien Queen’s skin. She gripped the banister as tight as she could without drawing blood.
“What!?” she shrieked, making Alien Queen wince. Her screams getting bigger as her eyes unfocused. She let out a laugh so loud it hurt Alien Queen’s ears. Kirishima backed away in concern. “What did I lose!? You must be joking! What did I lose!? I lost my everything! I lost my family! I lost my best friend! I lost-!”
Uravity sighed. Hair falling to her face, looking through it to glare.
“I lost what little you heroes hadn’t taken,” she finished, hands dropping to the side. She felt her eyes water. With the strength she had left, she bit her lip.
Alien Queen blinked, for the first time noticing something. Something that should have made her wary if she hadn’t been blinded by the rage.
Uravity was twitching. Like a madman. Shaking to the point her hands couldn’t stay still.
“I lost everything…” Uravity repeated. Big fat tears spilled from her cheeks. “And despite everything-…I only blame myself…I don’t play saint, trying to blame others.”
Alien Queen lowered her guard. Out of pity, she felt her metal arm raise. To try an offer a hand. But she stopped herself.
No.
She was a villain.
She could never let that fade away from her mind. Momo’s smile from the wheelchair was one she should never forget.
“That doesn’t change all the pain you caused the world,” Alien Queen spoke. Her words turning cold in her lips. “You’re breaking the law, you’re hurting other-”
“I defy Heroes,” Uravity said, her words like a chant to remind her the path. “I defy gravity, and more importantly…I defy fate.”
Uravity raised her head to glare at Alien Queen through her tears.
“I am Uravity, The Fallen Angel,” she said, her smile broken. “I will cleanse this world from the Heroes’ Light!”
“Suit yourself,” Alien Queen said, readying herself into a fighting stance.
“Let the game begin.” Uravity grinned.
Ground Zero stepped back at the clash of fist that started going in the background.
“Icyhot,” he said out loud. The pair of mismatched eyes stared at him from the shadows. “It’s been a while.”
“I needed to cool my head,” he said, stepping out into the light. “If I had come months ago, I would have killed you on the spot.”
Ground Zero let out a huge laugh, snarky and condescending.
“As if you could!” he snarled.
“After you turned down Izuku?” Equilibrium glared. “I would have destroyed cities if it meant you were gone.”
“Deku had what he deserved,” he said, even if inside of him the guilt was eating him alive. “He was a villain!”
“He was my friend!” Equilibrium shouted, making Ground Zero freeze. His eyes wandered across the face of his ex-classmate. It was full of emotion, the most he had ever seen the boy muster. Face torn between helpless eyes and anger in his mouth. “And you hurt him!”
“Welcome to the world, asshole,” Ground Zero said, raising his arms into the air. “Everyone hurts!”
“Well, then your world is not very good,” Equilibrium said. His eyes narrowed. “And that’s why we’re doing this. We are fixing the world that took away what we loved the most.”  
“You can’t bring back what you have lost,” Ground Zero replied.
“That’s only because you’re weak,” he snickered. He raised his hand towards Ground Zero. “You are too weak to chase after what you really want…That’s why you always lose it.”
Explosions crackled in Bakugou’s hands as he snarled at Todoroki.
“Take it back!”
He jumped towards the Villain and began punching.
“A servant who is loyal to his mater, huh?” Ingenium said, throwing a punch towards Red Riot. “I wonder what value you actually have.”
“I’m not a servant!” Red Riot shouted. His fists were hardened but still wouldn’t pierce the armor of the Knight.
Ingenium laughed.
“Keep telling yourself that,” Ingenium moved away from the punches as he spoke. “But a servant with no master is as good as dead weight.”
“And what about you?” Red Riot asked. Eyes followed Ingenium's figure. “Aren’t you a servant without a master?”
“That’s where we both differ.” Ingenium threw a punch that landed right on Red Riot’s face. He smiled. “I am a Knight, of the King of Hell!”

The scream that tore into the knight could only be heard by the boy standing a few meters away. He looked down to the floor, finding it odd for such a thing to be there.
He kneeled, smelling the blood seeping through the ground, and reached for the card that was lonely sitting on the ground.
“What did you find, boy?” a voice called. He looked up to see bandages covered in red, and a body behind him.
“It’s a tarot card,” the boy commented, turning it around.
“The Devil, huh?” Stain read.
Out of the corner of his eyes, the boy saw something.
“Stain, I told you it’s bad to leave your back open that way,” the boy chastised, going to the body that was now completely motionless on the ground. “It could be dangerous!”
“He’s dead already,” Stain answered.
Without a second to lose, the boy took out a knife and forcefully shoved it into the man’s face. An inhuman shriek pierced the night sky, as the boy quietly moved the knife around.
“You were saying?” the boy asked with innocence in his voice.
“He was faking it?” Stain asked, nearing the body.
“Doubt it,” the boy took out the knife from the man’s eye, “probably passed out from the pain or fear.”
“If he’s alive,” Stain said. “Then, maybe he’s worthy of salvation.”
“You think?” the boy asked, getting up to look at the man. He was bleeding, his eye was gone and seemed on the line between alive and dead.
“If he’s able to continue being a hero after this, then yes,” Stain said, looking down at the body. “Hey. You can either chose to die here or play with little Bunny here.”
 The man was panting hard, his breath ragged as his only eye went from looking at Stain to looking at the masked white rabbit by his side. Body small, barely a threat. He couldn’t speak, but his long stare was enough to make Stain grin in understanding.
“Call it a purge,” Stain continued and looked at the small bunny standing by his side. “Go ahead, you little devil.”
With a tussle of his hair, Stain left the White Rabbit near the man.
“I’m sorry,” the boy said first of all. He reached for a small notebook from the back of his belt. It was small; the size of his hand, probably less. “Native, huh? Well, I’m sorry it has come to this, but I’m sure you will recover in no time if you’re a real hero!”
With the knife he had in hand, White Rabbit Slashed Native’s stomach. It was deep enough to show the tissue. Without a second to spare, White Rabbit dropped to his knees and reached inside. The screams that followed went mute to the rest of the world.
“Oh, come on, it’s just a little drug,” White Rabbit said, placing the pill inside of stomach of the man. He reached for his first aid kit. “It should induce mild hallucinations and temporary memory loss…Nothing short of what your kind did to me.”
He stitched him up, with needle and thread. He was passed out, not resisting anymore.
“Man, you lasted less than average,” White rabbit said, wiping the blood from the wound with alcohol. “I hope I can see you again, though! Bye, bye!”
He turned back to Stain, who was propped against the wall.
“What’s wrong?” White Rabbit asked.
“Nothing,” Stain answered, his hand going to rest on top of White Rabbit’s hair. “I’m just glad you’re here, little bun. Killing is less of an option with you.”
“I’m just doing what you wanted me to, Stain!” White Rabbit said, a cheerful tone in his voice. “Clean the world from fake heroes!”
“As I said,” Stain replied. “I’m glad you’re here.”

Uravity coughed out blood, feeling her organs spams inside of her. Eyes went to meet Mina’s but found they were no longer there.
“Fuck,” she muttered as the image of Midnight was in front of her. “Should have thought this…”
“Not so smart now that you’re against Pros, right?” Midnight said.
Uravity felt her eyelids heavy, and she knew this was the end. They were going to get captured.
“We play fair, unlike you,” she answered. Eyes were focused on the glare directed towards her. “You can play pretend all you want, but you know this is all your fault.”
“Stop playing mind tricks with me,” Midnight said. “It won’t work with me.”
Uravity kept herself up, as she looked around to see her friends. Ingenium was being captured by Eraserhead.
“Iida,” she called to her friend, who turned around to see her. ‘I’m sorry,’ he mouthed. She held her breath and clenched her fists.
“You’re lasting more than I thought you would,” Midnight said. Uravity couldn’t really move, the sleepiness was overwhelming her. But like hell, she would go down without at least fighting.
“You underestimate us,” she told her, even when her own strength was leaving her body. She really wasn’t.
“Keep telling yourselves that,” Midnight continued.
Uravity looked at Equilibrium. He was still fighting Katsuki, who was himself trying to stop Pro Heroes from intervening. Most likely, his pride wouldn’t let him win by default once again.
“Never fear, for I Am Here!” a voice said in the distance.
Uravity froze.
Tears welled up in her eyes. Ingenium’s body went still. Equilibrium let the flames surround his body.
“Shit,” she cursed.
“Scared now?” Midnight asked with a cunning smile.
“Fuck you,” Uravity said. Her words trembled. “Izuku wanted to meet All Might…He should be here…”
Her words left Midnight’s brain malfunctioning. Something felt odd…
“He wanted to be a Hero!” Uravity shouted with her voice hoarse. The sleepiness was overwhelming her, but she didn’t care. They could tie her down, they could try to silence her.
But she would never forgive the man in front of her.
“He told you he wanted to be a Hero!” she continued. It made All Might’s smile falter. Her face was red, her partner went still. “And what did you tell him!? Tell them! Tell the world how you turned your back on a kid!”
“This is all your fault,” Ingenium said, looking over his shoulder. “You’re why he’s gone. If you had told him-!”
“Heroes failed us,” Equilibrium said, letting his body still. He knew it was a lost cause to continue fighting with All Might here. He glared at the man. “You failed him. You failed us.”
“Izuku Midoriya,” the three of them said at the same time.
“You were the one who killed him!”
“That’s it!” Midnight said. With that, Uravity fell to the ground. Her body couldn’t keep her up. She was losing herself. Equilibrium was captured easily, his will to fight vanishing at the mention of Izuku’s death. Ingenium was held even tighter with Eraserhead’s bandages.
They were going to be captured.
But it’s not like they weren’t expecting it.
But it was worth it.
Uravity looked at the top of the building and saw herself on it.
Toga.
She looked so worried. Probably wanted to do something but was still afraid of being captured. Not that she could blame her.
But then she raised a necklace. Golden, covered in blood, and three bottles full in her hand.
“She did,” she whispered to herself. A bright smile showed on her face. “Good girl, Toga…Good girl…”
With that, she went to sleep peacefully.



Chapter End Notes
well i sure took my time with this one. just  to clear the water, the reason why Stain is still in this au, is because since he never confronted Todoroki, Iida and Deku, he never really got captured. More like toned down, and left the scene to recover strength. And All Might hasn't retired because he has yet to push his limits when rescuing bakugou and having to save Izuku every five minutes. 
Anyway, i tried to make this fic a tad bit darker, but im not sure if im actually pulling it off, so i apologize in advance for awkward scenes. 
Also i love toga a lot, idk if my bias show in this but i genuinely don't regret it. 
I hope you liked it, i sure do, because I feel like i will be able to explore certain aspects of heroes and villains that i couldnt in my past work!


Lacrimosa
Chapter Summary
The trap known as dreamsLures us into the inferno.To the merciless gods above the skyNo cry will get throughLacrimosa...
Chapter Notes
Our Baby’s Back

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




The footsteps were loud against the tiles. Uraraka felt the cold floor against her cheeks grow warmer with every passing second. Prison again. Great.The water falling to her head was gross but still better than the sewer that ran through the bus station. She let out a huge sigh as the footsteps stopped. She shifted her head ever so slowly to meet a pair of black eyes looking down at her.“I hope you’re happy now,” she asked with grogginess. The hair that fell on her face made it difficult to make out the complete shape of Pinky’s shape, but she still huffed out to try and clear her own vision. “What a great hero you are, baby. You’d rather grovel in submission to feed your own ambition.”“I do not,” Pinky said. Her voice was loud, and it resonated across the room. Uraraka smirked.“Keep telling yourself that, sweetheart,” her smirk soon turned into a glare. Grimace clear on her face. “What do you want?”“What I’ve been searching for since the moment I first saw you,” Pinky said, dropping to her knees, so she could be at the same level as Uraraka. “Answers.”Uraraka didn’t move. She didn’t get up from the dirty hard floor or attempted to sit down instead of lying across the cell. The only thing she did was stare back at Pinky.“And why would I answer you?” Uraraka asked, eyes narrowing.Pinky sighed.“They want to send you to Tartarus,” was her answer.A shiver was felt down Uraraka’s spine. Her whole body knew that Pinky wasn’t lying. She would never lie to Uraraka.“And?” Uraraka asked.“I’m trying to help you,” she insisted, hands getting closer to the bars that separated them. “If you tell me, maybe we can-”“You want to help me?” Uraraka asked, eyes glaring into Pinky’s. Slowly, she got up. One arm propping up her body without resistance. The lower part of her body wouldn’t move. “How about taking off the sedative from my body, huh?”“That’s too… dangerous,” Pinky said, to what Uraraka just looked in scorn. “And you know it. You escaped this place once and-”“I can’t escape again, Pinky,” Uraraka answered. She turned her body, so instead of facing down, her eyes could linger in the ceiling. “My King left me. I’m powerless in front of you, angels.”“Are you talking about Midoriya?” Pinky asked, scooting closer towards the cell. “Last time you were here, you told the Heroes he was still alive.”“He is,” Uraraka said, but her voice broke against her will. Tears accumulated in the corner of her eyes. “My King will return once again. And I’ll be there to wait for him.”“There were no remains of his body,” Pinky reminded, which only brought more tears to Uraraka’s face. “You need to realize it, baby. He’s not coming-”“He is!” Uraraka shouted. Her hands went to her eyes, choking back sobs as she glared at the ceiling. “He’ll come back! And destroy undeserving heroes!”“Uraraka,” Mina spoke, making Uraraka still. Her voice was kind. “I wasn’t sent by Heroes, you know?”“How do I know I can trust you?” Uraraka asked. A hopeless laugh escaped her lips, which soon transformed into a sob. She cried in the cell, helpless to whatever the future – the fate –  awaited of them. The creaking of metal interrupted her breakdown. Still fresh the tears on her face, she turned to see Pinky opening the cell.Without a care in the world, Pinky got nearer, crossing the small line that had previously separated them.“I want to understand,” Pinky said, a trembling smile on her lips. “I really do…”She sat down in front of Uraraka, cross-legged, with a blinding smile.Uraraka stared at her, a blank expression on her face. A tiny smile tugged at the corner of her lips.“You’re a real weirdo, Pinky,” was all she said. She let her torso fall once again to the cold concrete and gave a long sigh before continuing, “so, what do you want to know?”“Look what we have here,” Bakugou’s voice lingered in the air, as Shouto looked up from the dark cell he was held in.It smelt rotten, like eggs and sewers. Shouto had never been in a prison before, unlike his partners, but found it to be oddly pleasant. Better than back home, better than the bus station…But ten times worse than the convenience store ever was.“The traitor among traitors,” Bakugou continued, his voice was loud. Shouto hated loud. He didn’t move, since his own body was paralyzed due to the sedative and his quirk was canceled by whatever material these walls had. “Todoroki Shouto, son of the number two hero: Endeavour.”“I am no man’s son,” Shouto spat, his words echoed in the dark cell. “And the only traitor I see here is you.”“Bullshit,” Bakugou said in return. His footsteps came closer until he was staring face to face with Shouto. His red eyes were gleaming as they glared at the motionless man before him. “You are the scum of this world!”“Bakugou,” Midnight’s voice interrupted his yells. “We let you in with a condition.”“Yeah,” Bakugou said in a hushed tone.“Let All Might speak,” she insisted.Bkaugou simply kicked the ground and stepped to the side. The familiar gran silhouette of All Might came into Shouto’s vision.“You have changed a lot, my boy,” All Might said. His voice was as calm as always. He carried himself with a dignity that Shouto would never be able to emulate, but tiredness permeated the edges. Shouto didn’t bother answering. “We thought we might never see you again.”Shouto continued to look down to the cell’s floor. Finding the cracks, finding the bumps, counting the tiles and the wet spots in between. All Might cleared his throat, obviously shaken by the lack of response Shouto was giving.“We want to help you,” was the next thing he said, which managed to make Shouto look up. His glare was evident. Dichromatic eyes narrowing, frown deepening. “We know you’re a good boy, if you tell us the truth, maybe we can take you out of-”“And then what?” Shouto asked. His voice was clear, unwavering. It was ice cold, see-through and hard. “Will I become a hero? Will I turn back into a civilian? Will I go back home where nothing waits?”“We can’t say promise you’ll be back in the hero course,” All Might confessed. “But if you don’t, you might spend the rest of your life in jail-”“And what if I tell the truth?” Shouto inquired further. His eyes were no longer focusing on something. He was lost, rambling as his memories reminded him of the notebook. The small notes left by Izuku. The convenience stores. The Flames. “Would you forgive me if I told I don’t regret what I did?”Silence fell in the cells. Shouto hummed, feeling his hands twitch but never really moving. The sedative was still too strong, too present in his system.“Why did you betray us?” Bakugou was the one who spoke.“I betrayed you?” Shouto spat, his words like venom running through the air. Anger seeped into the way his hands managed to move, high enough to grab onto the collar of his own shirt. Eyes burn into Bakugou. “I stayed with him, Katsuki.”Bakugou flinched, noticeable to everyone in the room. Eyes wide. Mouth opened.“I’m loyal to Heroes ideals, more than you could ever be,” Shouto continued. “Izuku saved me. He saved you and he saved us. But you’d rather play saint and say you saved yourself.”“You’re a filthy liar,” Bakugou answered, which only brought a laugh into Shouto’s mouth.“The only liar here if you,” Shouto said, voice low. “You lied to him and that’s why he’s gone.”“I think that’s enough,” All Might concluded, slowly turning away from Shouto.“And you,” Shouto finally turned to All Might. “You were the one who left him first…He wanted to be a Hero, you know?”“Enough,” Midnight reminded, slamming her fist on the door that leads to the cell. “He’s delusional.”“Tell them!” Shouto screamed. His voice was hoarse, his eyes shut. A broken noise escaped his throat. “Tell them how you told him he wasn’t good enough! Tell them how you turned away from a helpless boy! And that’s why he became what he is!”All Might stayed silent. Bakugou did too.“If you had just-,” Shouto spoke, lips trembling, tears pouring from his cheeks. “-saved him…”“Heroes don’t save everyone,” Bakugou answered with spite. “They win.”“Then what a shitty hero you are,” Shouto laughed.“Let’s go,” All Might said.“Run away all you want,” Shouto threatened, “but what you did wrong will never leave you. He’ll be back. And when that day comes-”“Keep preaching all you want, half and half,” Bakugou said, stepping to the other side of the door, to the light. “Deku’s gone.”“You killed him,” Shouto said.Bakugou flinched and closed the door, leaving Shouto in the dark and alone. As if that was not how he had always been.At least, before he met Izuku.“He’ll be back,” Shouto whispered to himself, feeling the dark humidity of the cell envelope him. With trembling hands that could barely move, he raised his finger up in the sky. “He promised.”
‘Pinkie Promise, from one lost person to another,’ the memory of Izuku lingered in his mind. Smile wide, intact scars. ‘It’s our promise!’ 
“Here,” Mina said, sitting on the floor once again. She was holding out a tube colored red. “You liked ice-cream, didn’t you?”Ochako looked at it with curiosity more than skepticism. Her body was still useless from the waist downwards, but using her hands was more than enough to eat. As soon as she read the golden label, her mouth watered.“I do,” she confessed, licking her lips.“You can have it,” Mina said and tossed the tube to Ochako’s waiting opened hands. “As thanks, for not trying to kill me yesterday.”“I couldn’t even if I tried,” Ochako replied, opening the lid of the ice cream. Vanilla and strawberry smell filled her senses, making her melt quicker than ice cream on a sunny day. “I love Neapolitan…”“So, you said that your leader-,” Mina began.“-Deku-,” Ochako interrupted, digging her the spoon given to her in the ice cream.“-Deku,” Mina agreed, recollecting her thoughts. “He’s still alive.”“He must be,” Ochako said, taking a mouthful of ice cream. “I mean, it’s Deku. A silly thing like a bomb would never kill him.”‘But there’s no evidence,’ she refrained from saying.“You really like him, don’t you?” Mina asked, an exasperated smile on her face. At the mention of Deku, Ochako’s eyes softened.“He’s my hero, Pinky,” Ochako said. The clear honesty in her voice caught Mina off guard. Ochako licked the spoon clean. “And my best friend.”There was something off. Ochako was talking about this guy as if he were someone…almost nice. Almost an actual hero.An unsettling feeling settled in the pit of his stomach as Mina realized something: the ones in front of her were human beings.Deku was a human, just like her, just like Bakugou. The same rage that filled Mina when Kaminari was left incapacitated for the Sports Festival, was probably the same that filled Ochako when Deku had died.These people in front of her weren’t just nameless people who did wrong for the sake of wrong.“You actually believe you’re doing the right thing,” Mina said in a hushed tone. Ochako smiled.“Of course, I do,” Ochako replied. “You hurt my best friend. The villain to us might as well be you.”It made sense. In a weird, not getting it at all, way.“Oh, girl,” Mina said. Her tone felt so cheery, so alive. “You’re one crazy chick!”“What?” Ochako asked, narrowing her eyes towards Mina.“I mean,” Mina said, the weight on her chest leaving her all of the sudden. “You’re pretty cool.”“If you’re trying to fool me into giving you some of my ice cream-,” Ochako said, a teasing grin on her lips. -then nice try, but I won’t.”“Man,” Mina continued. Her fangs showed, hands going to the back of her head. “I thought I could get some.”“Well,” Ochako wondered with a sheepish look. “If you promise to bring me more tomorrow, then I guess I could give you some.”Mina laughed.“Deal,” she said, offering her hand. Ochako handed a spoonful of ice cream, which Mina happily took to her mouth.“What do you mean a traitor?” Kirishima asked as he stared at the kid in front of him. Iida looked unamused at Kirishima’s reaction. “Iida, this is not funny.”“I’ve never tried to be funny,” Iida deadpanned. “If you don’t believe me, suit yourselves.”“Why are you even sharing this information?” Aizawa asked from behind Kirishima, narrowing eyes.Iida simply stared at the teacher. There was a rebellious tint in his eyes, despite the respect they held of the elder’s figure.“Simple,” Iida answered, closing his eyes. He breathed in the scent of humidity. “Even if you know who they are, you’ll never catch them.”“You overestimate your partner’s skills,” Kirishima said, crossing his arms over his chest. “You’ll get bitten if you do so.”“I’m afraid I do not overestimate their skills,” Iida said. His voice was calm, unwavering. It sounded like the thread of a spider’s web. Carefully placed, poisonous even. “You underestimate them. As well as place yourselves in too much of a high standard.”“We’re heroes,” Kirishima replied. His eyes were closely staring at Iida. “And you were too. Once.”“Ingenium may have been a Hero’s name,” Iida said. He wasn’t scared. He wasn’t even baffled. He answered the questions with a serenity that unnerved the present. “But I never was. I’m nothing more than a servant to the true ruler of the Hero world.”“A servant, huh,” Kirishima wondered. “I’m guessing the traitor is also one…Seeing you are all the same.”“I must apologize, but you’re mistaken,” Iida said. “My King may be my liege…But my partner’s weight is not the same as mine.”“You speak in riddles as if someone would understand you,” Kirishima said, sighing out loud. “Does anyone get what he’s saying?”“My King is alive,” Iida continued. His eyes were glaring directly into Kirishima. “And he’ll be back to take back the throne that was stolen from him.”“You’re all crazy,” Kirishima concluded. “Preaching about Kings and traitors…You don’t make sense at all.”“We make sense,” Iida replied. “But you’re too scared to find out the meaning of our words, that you prefer to see us as crazy.”“We should get going,” Aizawa said. “I don’t think we can get more information out of this guy.”“You’re right,” Kirishima complied, turning around from Iida. He gave the boy one last sad look. This was a boy destined to greatness. Born into a Hero family. Everything he could ever need was handed to him and yet-…“He’s completely done for,” Kirishima muttered, stepping away from the cell.“A traitor?” Ochako asked, licking the frozen popsicle given to her by Mina. “You mean The Dealer?”“That’s what they call themselves?” Mina asked, scrunching up her nose. “Horrible name.”“I know!” Ochako laughed. She put the whole thing in her mouth, enjoying the cold feeling in the roof of her palate. “They’re so lame!”“I thought it would take more than a few bribes with food to get you speaking,” Mina wondered, licking her own popsicle. Ochako’s was strawberry, hers was watermelon. “Not that I’m complaining.”“I mean, The Dealer is pretty much harmless,” Ochako’s muffled reply came as she munched on the popsicle. “They don’t mess in our stuff, and probably won’t mess in yours…They’re neutral for the most part. I wouldn’t worry too much about them.”“Well, that’s because you’re on the winning side,” Mina counter attacked, pointing at Ochako with her half-melted treat.“I’m sorry, Pinky, but who’s the one in jail right now?” Ochako joked. They both laughed, continuing to eat their popsicles.“Touché,” Mina hummed in approval. “Damn, these popsicles are great.”“Told ya,” Ochako laughed. “That guy by the river sells the best popsicles in the world.”“Man, I owe you twenty now,” Mina sighed. “Can I pay you back in candy?”“Hmm, I’m not really a candy person,” Ochako hummed out her response as she licked the popsicle. “You can pay me in chips though!”“Sounds like a deal,” Mina replied.They sat there, enjoying the taste of the frozen watery liquid in their tongues. Mina didn’t feel the need to rush thing. Nor the need to go away. For some reason, being with Ochako was pleasant.“Perhaps-,” Mina wondered, looking up to the ceiling. “-if we had been born in another universe…We could have been friends.”“What makes you think that way?” Ochako asked. Her eyes also went up. The patterns in the ceiling were nonexistent. But there was something comforting about no eyes staring at you, that dared to make her say what normally she wouldn’t.“You’re…Fun to be with,” Mina confessed. She smiled the tiniest bit. “I would have loved to share this with you in the open.”“I would have too, Pinky,” Ochako said. She bit down the popsicle, her teeth clashing with the wooden stick. “But I’m afraid that even with a quirk that defies gravity, I would never be able to defy what fate says.”“Fate, huh?” Mina wondered. She also bit down her own popsicle. A small shudder ran up her spine. “I guess that’s the one thing stronger than gravity…And the one thing no one can defy.”“Well, that’s where you’re mistaken,” Uraraka said. A smile on her lips as she continued to nibble the wooden stick. “My King did. Once.”“Midoriya did?” Mina asked. The amusement in her words could not be hidden. “That madman…”Uraraka laughed. Hearty and loud, precious and pink. It brought a pleased smile to Mina’s face.“That’s the perfect way to describe him,” Uraraka agreed.“We would have made a good team,” Mina said.“We would have, indeed,” Uraraka replied.They both finished their popsicles with a bright smile.[ You win! ] the stick of Uraraka’s popsicle read.“What a waste,” Uraraka commented, tossing the stick to Mina’s hands. “I can’t even retreat my prize.”“I’ll bring it to you tomorrow,” Mina promised, getting up from the dirty floor. Her hero outfit was now covered in dirt and moss.“Pinkie promise?” the words came out of her mouth before she could control them.Flushed red covered her cheeks. Mina stared at her wide-eyed. For a solid second, Uraraka felt dumb. Childish promises were never intended to be kept but-Mina laughed.“Sure! Why not?” she said with a cheeky grin. “Pinkie promise, angel.”Even if for a moment, Uraraka felt less alone in the dark cell.The static from the tv filled the room. It was small. Too small. One person could not live comfortably in it, much less two.And yet, there he was. Lying on the only couch there was, as Stain shifted in the chair of in the kitchen. They were almost touching. If Stain reached out slightly, he could pat the green patch of hair on the couch’s armrest.“Don’t watch too much tv, kiddo,” Stain said. His voice was raspy from tiredness. Part of himself was surprised with the little boy’s ability to stay awake through almost anything. The other part, however, was annoyed he was still awake. “You’ll ruin your eyesight.”“Don’t worry, Chizome-san,” the boy replied. His hands were holding tightly to the notebook in his hands. He was writing. And writing. And writing. “Just one more news report and-”“Liar,” Stain said, eyes trained to look at the mop of hair moving from side to side. “You said the same thing three hours ago.”“But if I don’t get enough information-!” the boy tried to argue, but it was useless against Stain.“I have more use of you alive and well rested-” he said, kicking the couch slightly. “-than dying and tired.”“But-”“No buts, you Hare,” Stain replied, kicking the couch once again. “I mean it. One more news report and you go to bed. It’s two am, and I’m tired.”“Fine,” the boy whined. “But if it’s about Native, I’m not watching it.”“Disappointed?” Stain asked, tilting his head to the side. A sly grin spread.“Of course, I am!” the boy replied. “I really thought he might make it! He was going to be a good hero! I could feel it!”  “You place too much faith in those fake gods,” Stain answered. The drop of the boy’s head didn’t go missed. “You’re doing great, bunny boy. It’s not your fault they lack resolve.”“Maybe I lack resolve,” the boy said, looking at the screen. [The Hero Lover Captured] read in news. “They got captured?”“The kids?” Stain asked, looking over the boy’s shoulder to stare at the screen. “Shame.”Silence fell as Stain watched the boy look at the screen. His eyes were clouded, blinking next to nothing. He was fully concentrated on every move there was on the small box of electricity before him. It piqued his interest.“You okay boy?”“I feel…” the boy said, reaching out to touch the film of crystal. “That I know them.”“The crazy ones?” Stain asked. “Any memories coming back?”“A bit,” the boy frowned. “Do you think they know something?”“I know as much about you as you do,” Stain replied. “Which is nothing.”“I’d like to talk to them,” the boy said. Stain stared at him with penetrating eyes. The boy’s gaze was not moving from the tv. He seemed fixated by the way the three vigilantes were moving. Big green eyes shining like marble stone, mouth gaping. “I feel they know something.”“They got captured,” Stain reminded him. “Probably on their way to Tartarus.”“The minimum age for a prisoner in Tartarus is seventeen,” the boy said. “Even in extreme cases…”The boy had that look, Stain noted. The same look he had when he had first met him. The same look that had driven Stain to look after him in the first place. That look that showed up, sending shivers up their enemies’ spine. The White Rabbit, they called him. A glad guide towards Wonderland he was.He had the calculating look of a beast. Someone who wanted something more than anything.It was the first time Stain had looked at it directed to something other than heroes.“Stop,” Stain said with a sigh. The boy halted to a stop the moment the words left Stain’s mouth. “You’re gonna hurt yourself, kid.”“Sorry,” the boy replied. He twirled with his fingers underneath the blankets.Stain sighed.“You can plan whatever in the morning,” Stain said. The boy turned, wide-eyed, toward Stain. The excitement was palpable from the way he jumped ever so slightly from the couch. “But this will no longer be training. You need to prepare for it.”“I will, Chizome-san!” the boy cheered. “I won’t let you down!”Stain seriously doubted the boy could let him down, even if he tried. He was an enforcer of his believes to the very core. The fact that he gave his hundredth and ten percent for everything was living proof of his ideals.“That’s my little devil,” Stain said with a proud smile. The boy gave him a shy and embarrassed look, probably not used to being complicated a lot. Stain should change that. The boy was definitely a gold mine. A true savior of the hero world. “You’ll go far, Deku.”The boy closed his notebook in a swift motion.“It’s my duty to save the heroes from themselves, Chizome-san,” the boy said. “Just like a Hero’s job is to save the ones who need it the most.”  



Chapter End Notes
I'm getting kind of tired of writing. In general. For some reason, people don't seem to read my works all that much despite the effort I put. I had so much planned for this AU but there's a high chance that I'll drop this story due to a lack of response. After all, what's the point of writing a story with no audience to it?


Paradise Lost
Chapter Summary
“Better to reign in Hell, than to serve in Heaven.” John Milton
Chapter Notes
I read every single one of your comments. I was going through a rough patch. I was really going to drop this, but every time i saw a new comment in my inbox I decided to write a little more. I thought the people who liked this were so few that no one would miss it if i stopped writing. But i can see now that i was wrong. Thanks a lot for your support, I'll keep writing this story for a while more, hopefully making those who have read this since the beginning, proud. Thank you for sticking with me. Thank you for the comment. Thank you for the kudos. Thank you for everything.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Ochako heard the sound of the opening door before she even realized she was awake. She didn’t bother looking up since the only person who ever came by to greet her was Pinky. And Pinky had already stopped by before.
It must be another Hero, her mind supplied. A bitter smile settled as the idea of having to confront a stranger came to her mind.
“You’re not as sneaky as you think you are,” Ochako said, her body still mildly paralyzed from the sedatives given to her. Her legs were completely immobile, and her left arm was numb. “If you’re trying to pry information out of me, you’ll first have to kill me-”
“Sorry,” a voice said. A tiny voice, almost a whisper. It startled Ochako enough to flinch. She tilted her head up, ever so slightly, to see the shadow that hid in between the cells. It moved. Closer. “I was just wondering if you…Could help me.”
“Me? Help a Hero?” Ochako asked, narrowing her eyes. The voice seemed familiar. Oddly, uncannily familiar. “Who are you?”
“I’m not a Hero!” the voice continued. The shadow stepped forward once again. The dim light that came from one of the broken lightbulbs illuminated their feet. “I’m just…lost…”
“Odd place for you to get lost in, kid,” Ochako continued. With what little strength she had left, she crawled towards the cell bars. Her eyes tried to scan the little movement the shadow made. From how it moved, to how it breathed, to how it sounded. “You…remind me of someone…”
“I do!?” the excitement in their voice could not be missed. It stepped even further ahead and Ochako instinctively moved backward. “Do you know me?!”
“I can’t know you if I don’t have a name,” Ochako supplied, hesitant. This whole scenario was way too bizarre. “…Or a face…”
“If I step forward…” the voice said, strained and slow. “…would you help me?”
“I could try,” Ochako replied. “I’m not one to turn down a needing hand when it’s not a hero’s.”
“Thanks,” the voice said. It paused for a second and then continued. “And you won’t be scared?”
“I can’t make promises like that,” Ochako said, tilting her head to the side. “You’re freaking me out. Just step forward…” 
The shadow did. A white rabbit mask came to light, which made Ochako suppress a shiver. It was such an ugly mask. Hyper-realistic, with a long nose, and big eyes. Not to mention the splattered red on its cheeks…Was it paint or actual blood? Ochako couldn’t tell by smell alone.
The white rabbit then reached for the mask. It slowly pulled it away, making Ochako tremble. There was something…strange about this person. Something that made her want to cry.
As soon as their eyes met, Ochako let out a loud gasp.
“Sorry,” the boy apologized, going to cover his face with his hands. His hands were trembling as much as Ochako’s. “I guess you wouldn’t remember me, I’m so so-”
“Deku…” a broken whimper came from Ochako’s mouth. Tears were rolling down her cheeks as she tried to stifle her sobs to no avail. “You’re alive…Deku…”
“You know me,” Deku said in a breathless whisper. “You really do know me?”
“You…You’re m-my be, best friend,” Ochako cried. Her shoulders were trembling, as she tried to reach for him from behind the bars. “I ca-,can-t belie, believe it…”
Deku took a slow step forward, placing his body at Ochako’s arms reach. It didn’t take long for her to grab him by the shirt and cling to it in desperation.
“You’re alive…” her voice was choked. “I knew it…I always knew it…My king would never leave us…”
The grip on his ribcage was making him hurt, but Deku couldn’t care less. Whoever this person was, whatever they knew about him…It brought a sense of familiarity to his skin. A need to protect her…
“I’m sorry,” he said, placing his hands on hers. He gripped them lightly, not wanting to make her pull away. She didn’t. “But I…I don’t remember…anything. I don’t remember myself…or you…or whatever happened before...I..”
She didn’t let go.
“Memory loss?” she asked. Her voice was soft. Kind. Nice. Deku closed his eyes tight, holding back the tears that threatened to spill. Her hand went up to touch his cheeks. Deku opened his eyes to see hazel eyes staring at him without a trace of anger. “Must have been difficult, sweetheart…”
“I-It kind of was,” he confessed.
Ochako smiled.
“My name is Uraraka Ochako,” she said, squeezing his cheeks tightly. It made him squee in pain. She giggled. “I’m your best friend. You call me Ochako, and you’re my Hero!”
“Hero?” Deku asked, blinking slowly.
“Yeah,” she nodded. “You’re the one who saved me, after all!”
“I-I…” Deku began. “I’m not sure…what to say…”
“It’s alright,” Ochako replied with a smile. “You’ll get your memory back in no time! We still have your notebooks, and Iida can fill you in…I’m sure The Dealer can dig up some info from inside, and Himiko will be delighted to help you out once again!”
Deku blinked.
“That’s…A lot of people,” Deku said, carefully looking into Ochako’s eyes. “Are you sure…those people like me?”
“Like you?” Ochako asked. She grinned. “Deku, we all love you!”

Drip, drip. 

“Deku?” Ochako asked in worry. She tried to sneak a look into Deku’s face, just to find his face drenched in tears. “Are you okay?”
“I just-,” he began, trying to swallow down the sobs escaping him. “I-I never thought I would have-…Friends.”
“You have something more than friends, Deku,” she said in a whisper. There was nothing she wished for more than for the bars to be gone. To reach out and melt into Deku’s embrace. To escape the jail society had put her in and get into her Savior's arms. “You have a family.”
“Family,” he repeated. His mind went back to Stain and a small smile crept up his face. “I’m really lucky, aren’t I?”
“Luck?” Ochako asked in mockery. “There’s no such thing as luck. Just fate.”
“Then fate smiled at me,” Deku replied. His own smile was bright. Bright like the Sun that Ochako would have never thought to see again.
“Well,” Ochako felt relief wash through her very core. “It did to me.”
“We should hurry, though,” Deku said, reaching for the black key in his pocket. “They’re gonna get in here any minute now! We need to save the others.”
The click of the cell being opened made Ochako turn her head up. Deku opened the gate, making her stumble a bit forward. She managed to gather herself up and look up.
“Let’s go!” Her eyes shimmered at the sight. Deku. Deku. Izuku…Deku had his hand stretched out towards Ochako. Memories, from when she was just a lost nameless thief in a convenience store, flooded her head. Without a moment to hesitate she reached to take it.
She stood proudly tall and stretched out her hands.
“Use me!” she shouted, taking Deku aback. She was holding tight to his hands and her eyes were wide open. “Use my Quirk to be someone who helps others!”
“You’re kind,” he managed to say. “You’re so kind…”
“You’re the kind one, Deku,” she replied.  “The kindest person ever…”
She took one last look at the cell. The memory of Pinky fresh in her mind.
Traitor.
She wasn’t. She was faithful to one person. And one person only.
“Come,” he said, and easily swept her off her feet. “We’ll help our friends!”
She closed her eyes.
‘I’m sorry, Pinky,’ was the last thing she thought, before going into battle mode. ‘But…not really.’

“Ochako, this is Chizome-san,” Deku presented his new friend to her old friend. Unfortunately, at this point, he couldn’t tell which one was which. “He’s helped me a lot in this last months.”
“You sure this is safe, kiddo?” Stain asked, tilting his head to see the girl.
“I trust her!” Deku replied with his chest puffed out.
“And I trust Deku, Mister Stain,” Ochako replied, holding her hand out. Stain took it and shook it. “So, what’s the plan?”
She was being carried by Deku as they ran across the jail
“The door three down,” Deku said, his eyes calculating the very moment they made. “Chizome-san, three-quarters of the strength. Five dashes with an angle of 80 degrees…”
Uraraka smiled to herself. This was really Deku…
Stain followed the instructions without missing a second. They dashed into the room, dark just like Ochako’s had been.
“We have five minutes,” Deku said, checking the clock in his wrist. “They’ll find out soon that we’re breaking you out.”
“Iida!” Ochako called. The person inside of the cell stirred. She teared up at the sight. “Iida!”
“Uraraka,” came the reply.
“He’s back, Iida!” she said with eagerness. “Deku’s back!”
The shuffle of the body moving was heard. Deku stepped forward so he could see the guy who was supposedly his friend.
“Midoriya!” Iida cried. “You’re alive!”
Carefully, Deku placed Uraraka down. She held on tight to the bars by the side, hoping it would serve as enough support for her not to fall.
“Iida Tenya, right?” Izuku asked with a wobbly smile. “Sorry if I get stuff wrong…I’m afraid my memories are kind of…blurry.”
Iida looked at Ochako for help. She, in turn, simply sighed.
“The bomb probably caused memory loss,” was all she could offer.
Iida nodded.
“It doesn’t matter,” Iida said. “I’ll serve you just like a served you before.”
“Thanks a lot, Iida!” Deku said with a smile.
Iida recognized that smile. It was that same smile that had been offered to him years ago.
Yeah, no matter the changes, this was still Deku.
“Chizome-san! Think you can help us?” Deku asked, stepping to the side.
“Whatever boy,” Stain replied.
Iida froze.
He was face to face with the Hero Killer.
“Wha-” he said, his body unable to react on its own. “Midoriya…This is…”
“Something wrong?” he asked with a tilted head.
“What’s he doing here?” he asked.
Anger boiled as he met soulless eyes in complete black.
“Chizome-san?” Deku asked. His innocence was almost painful to Iida. “He’s my mentor!”
“He injured my brother,” Iida said. To be completely fair, long ago he had grown out of a petty revenge. His soul had just one purpose now. And that was to serve the best man in the world. To serve that person who offered a helping hand to anyone and everyone. “Ingenium.”
“Oh, but Chizome-san isn’t a bad guy!” Deku interrupted with a bright smile. “He saved me after all!”
Saved him, huh…
Iida sighed.
“Well, mister,” Iida spoke. “Maybe our values are not the same…But anyone who Midoriya deems worthy of salvation…Cannot be all that bad.”
He had been on the lost path once too, after all.
Stain grinned. It was full of saliva and blood around the corners.
“I like your way of thinking boy,” with a swift movement, Stain destroyed the lock that kept them separated. “Let’s hurry before these fake heroes reach us.”
Iida felt a smile tug the corner of his lips.
“I couldn’t agree more with that, mister.”
“Perfect!” Deku beamed. He reached for the back of his belt, taking a syringe out of it. “I only have one shot of this, so I’ll give the antidote for the paralyzer to you, Iida. Please carry Ochako on the way out.”
Iida closed his eyes, baring his neck for Deku to find a vein easier.
“Sorry if it hurts,” Deku said, and the syringe reached his neck.
Only then, did the mild worry entered Iida’s brain. What if this wasn’t Deku? What if this was one of the fake heroes trying to drug him even more?

What if this was poison? 

He let out a deep breath, feeling the burn in his body. It brought back sensation and in mere seconds Iida was on his feet again.
“Thank god it worked,” Deku said, letting out a relieved sigh. “They made the paralyzing serum out of unknown chemicals, so I had to run various test…I was ninety-three point sixty-two percent it was correct but-”
“You can never be a hundredth percent certain,” Ochako finished on his behalf.
Deku nodded.
Iida stared down at the boy.
It was like a dream to see him again.
Iida kneeled down, feeling the weight of the world lift from his shoulder.
“My liege,” he said, his voice carefully woven through the air, eyes glancing at Deku’s feet. “I swear to protect you this time around again.”
Deku shifted from one side to the other, playing around with the hem of his shirt.
“Iida, please,” he said slowly. He was nervous, eyes looking everywhere. Iida dared to look up to meet his King once again. He looked the same as he had back in the sewers, those many months ago. Iida felt like smiling. “Get up! We’re friends, aren’t we? Friends help others. That’s just natural!”
“I suppose it is,” Iida answered. He got up and looked over to Stain. “So, we need to get Todoroki, right?”
“Right!” Deku agreed with a smile. “Let’s go, guys!”
Iida took Ochako in his arms. She was light; lighter than before. No wonder, with how little they had been eating. It was hard to survive when they didn’t have a stable income. Still, Ochako smiled.
“He’s back,” she whispered. She held on to Iida’s arms as tight as she could. Tears welled up in the corner of her eyes. “He really is back…”
Iida looked forward, as Deku rushed to the entrance. His back was small, probably smaller than he recalled, but held the strength of a warrior. He closed his eyes, feeling relief wash over his body along with control over it.
“I never doubted he would be.”
They all rushed to the exit as the alarms blasted. They had found them.

Todoroki heard the door open with force but didn’t bother looking up.
“Get up you bastard!” Bakugou yelled as he rushed to the cell.
“I would love to,” Todoroki said, not moving an inch. “But may I remind you I’m sedated.”
The cell was opened. Bakugou forcibly reached for him in a fit of rage.
“You’re coming with me,” he spat.
Todoroki heard the sound of the alarms go off. There was so much noise it was making him shudder. Bakugou seemed to get more irritated by the minute, as he dragged him away from the cell.
“Bakugou!” Midnight called. “Get him out of here! They’re getting close.”
“That’s what I’m trying!” Bakugou yelled back. “How did they even manage to break out?!”
“Someone else is working with them,” Midnight said, eyes narrowing towards Todoroki. “Who is it?”
Todoroki didn’t answer. He stayed silent, glaring at both of them.
“Get him away,” Midnight resigned herself to fight without knowing. “If they get to their leader, it’s going to be even more difficult to take them down.”
“I’m not the leader,” Todoroki said. He looked at Bakugou with a side glance. “And you know it.”
“Shut up!” Bakugou replied.
With that, he took him away and ran in the opposite direction from the one Midnight was heading towards.

Three, four, six…
Deku felt the rush of energy in his body as he took his surroundings in. There was just so much information to absorb…
His eyes landed on the woman standing in the middle of the corridor. His eyes lighted up as he scanned her body.


Nemuri Kayama 


Hero Name: Midnight    


Quirk: Somnambulist


Height: 175 cm

Deku licked his lips as everything he knew about the woman started pouring inside of his brain. It was a rush of every single detail he had memorized coming to him like an ocean.
Her movements matched the ones he knew by heart, her eyes were the ones of a sadistic woman trying to win over them.
Fingers itched to record everything he was seeing in a notebook.
But there were more important things at hand.
What a shame.
“Stain three-quarters long, Iida try to reach a fourth of your maximum speed,” Deku began speaking in a low voice. His eyes roamed her body, searching for the weakest part of her body. He smirked when he found it. “Ochako, could you try to attack her by the front?”
“Roger,” she replied.
Iida increased the speed, tossing Ochako towards the woman. She reacted accordingly by releasing her Quirk. As she was distracted, Stain reached from behind, slashing her body.
“Now!” Deku yelled. Stain licked the blood from his sword and Midnight froze.
Without missing a second, Deku tossed the syringe towards Ochako. She was fighting the urge to fall asleep.
But she knew she could handle it. Deku was trusting in her, after all.
“Not so smart against pros, are we?” Ochako whispered, thrusting the long needle into her throat. Midnight screamed. Ochako felt the grin spread across her face. “Scared now?”
“We’ll stop you,” Midnight managed to mutter.
Ochako didn’t hold back and barked out a laugh. Wicked and loud, echoing in the corridors of the prison.
“Our King is back, Kaya-chan,” her ear pressed against Midnight’s ear as she muttered her words. Fear growled inside of Midnight with the words. “Good Night, Midnight.”
Ochako bit the ear with glee. Her teeth digging into the flesh. Raw anger and bile rose up in her chest. She bit harder. And harder.
The tissue tore in her mouth.
Even with the sedative in her system, Midnight felt the pain as she cried out.
Ochako spat out the chunk of ear she had bitten off. The taste of blood overflowed her mouth as she looked down at Midnight.
“That’s for hurting my friend, bitch.”
She landed a single punch on her, finishing the job of letting her fall unconscious.
As she stared at the unconscious woman, Ochako pushed her torso up. She wiped her mouth clean with the back of her wrist. Slowly, she turned around to see the rest of them.
Iida looked slightly horrified and Stain unimpressed. Her cheeks darkened in shame.
“Did I take it too far?” she asked.
Deku laughed a bit. More out of nervousness than anything.
He handed her a cloth to wipe away the remains of blood.
“We need to get you disinfected,” he said. “Who knows what kind of bacteria she had in her!”
Ochako smiled a bit, taking the cloth in her hands.
“Once we get home, it might be a good idea,” she answered. Her eyes returned to Iida. A shy smile was given. “Carry me again?”
Iida snapped out of it.
Then he laughed a bit and kneeled in front of her.  
“As the princess wishes for,” he said. This time his tone gave away he was playing around. It made Ochako feel more at ease.
“Let’s go get Todoroki,” Ochako replied, holding on to Iida.

Bakugou stopped to a halt when the knife grazed his cheek. It landed on the floor, stuck in the concrete with little effort.
He turned around to see a silhouette he was all too familiar with in the dark.
“Hero Lovers,” he said in a whisper. His smirk widened. “You came back to pick up your trash?”
He was holding Todoroki by the neck. The sedative was still potent in his system since he was considered to be the leader. He could barely move his hands.
Todoroki raised his head, pleased to find his friends a few meters away.
But also confused.
How had they managed to escape?
His eyes landed on the Hero Killer, making more question pop up in Todoroki’s head.
And then they landed on the White Rabbit.
“Hand him back, Ground Zero,” Uravity said, holding on to Ingenium. “We’ll go without breaking any bones and you can run back to your heroes.”
“As if!” Ground Zero yelled. He stood in a fighting stance, ready to attack. He just needed to hold on until those idiots arrived-…
“Sorry,” the White Rabbit spoke. His voice was distorted by the mask on his face, making it hard to fully understand from so far away. “But the rest won’t be coming. I closed off the prison from inside. They’ll be lucky to escape without someone opening the gates for them.”
Bakugou glared at the White Rabbit. There was something obviously strange about him, but he couldn’t tell what it was.
“I’ll just have to beat you three then,” Bakugou spoke back. “Bring it on!”
“I would rather not,” White Rabbit said, stepping forward. “This mess is big enough at it is. It’s much more convenient to end it without a hitch.”
Bakugou didn’t wait for another second and launched himself forward to attack the White Rabbit.
The guy was small. He had expected this to be an easy win. Two or three punches and jump to the rest.
But the guy evaded his moves with ease.
“Wow, you’re so easy to read!” White Rabbit said.
Rage overcame Bakugou. He threw more and more punches, but they were easily dodged. He had managed to get one or two hits. But they were not enough. The bastard was still standing, not even doubling in pain.
White Rabbit took one of his hands and flipped him over.
Bakugou’s lung emptied themselves as he hit the concrete. He glared at the White Rabbit whose mask was now slightly loose from the fighting. 
“Time to leave, kiddo,” Stain called. While Bakugou had been busy trying to win, the others had reached for Todoroki.
White Rabbit turned around, ready to run.
Bakugou felt rage fill him. He took the knife that was still lying around and threw it at White Rabbit.
Instead of landing in his head, the White Rabbit caught it mid-air, with the knife barely touching his hair.
"Thanks for giving it back!" 
The only thing his attack had done was give the guy a weapon.
And break the string of the mask.
Bakugou’s eyes widened as he saw the guy’s face turned around to him. Red met green as a flood of memories came to Bakugou. 
“Deku,” he managed to mutter.
“Izuku!” Todoroki’s voice overpowered Bakugou’s, making Deku look away from Bakugou. Todoroki was on his knees, hands trying to reach for Izuku.
Without a moment to even think about it, Deku rushed to Todoroki’s side.
“Are you okay?” Izuku asked Todoroki.
“Does it matter?” Todoroki asked in return, reaching out to touch Izuku’s face. “What about you?”
Izuku’s eyes shone at this.
“It matters to me,” he replied. His closed his eyes, enjoying the feeling of Todoroki’s hands against his skin.
“Of course it does,” Todoroki said, feeling the warmth in his chest grow bigger. He traced the small cuts and scars that were sprawled across Izuku’s face. “Who did this to you?”
“I wonder,” was Izuku’s only reply. “There’s…A lot of stuff I don’t know.”
“We’ll help you figure out,” Todoroki said. “Let’s go home, Izuku.”
“You remembered,” Izuku said, a little startled. Tears started to form on his cheeks. A small memory of a note once written in torn pages and pain. “You remembered my name.”
“Of course, I did,” Todoroki replied with a bittersweet smile. “You’re Izuku Midoriya. Not a Hero. Not a Villain. Just Izuku.”
“Izuku,” he said his own name like a spell. It wasn’t much but it was more than he had before. It felt so precious to have it back. “My name is Izuku, huh?”
“It’s a nice name,” Todoroki said before he could stop himself. At that moment, he was scared he might catch fire, even when his Quirk was supposed to be disabled.
Izuku himself felt light-hearted at this.
“Deku,” Bakugou’s voice cut through them. His limbs were shaken at the sight of his childhood friend back with the living. “You’re alive.”
All Izuku could do was stare at Bakugou, who was struggling to get up.
“Come back, Deku,” Bakugou yelled, stretching his hand towards Izuku. “I’ll go out with you! I promise to love you back! Just come back!”
Izuku stared at the stretched hand towards him and tilted his head to the side.
“I’m sorry but-” he said. His voice was less than a whisper and more than a scream in Bakugou’s ears. “-Who are you?”
Bakugou froze.
“Heroes are coming!” Iida yelled. The sound of rustling came back to them, making Izuku flinch and return to his friends.
“We need to go!” Izuku said. He picked up Todoroki with ease. “Ochako!”
“On it!” she said.
She touched everyone, one by one, and started making them float. She just had to hold on until they reached the top of the building in the west…
“Angel!” Mina’s voice cut through the air. “Angel, what are you doing!?”
Uravity looked over her shoulder. A sad smile spread across her face.
“I’m so sorry Pinky…” she said.
Mina dashed, barely managing to hold on Uravity’s hand.
“Angel, come with me!” she begged her. Finger interlaced, holding tightly to Ochako. “If you come back with me,  you can still be one of us!”
“Ochako!” Deku called from on top of the building. She released.
“Think of what we could do! We would be unlimited!” Pinky continued. Her eyes were darting back to the handful of heroes who were still struggling to reach. She seemed desperate to keep Ochako by her side. It made Uravity hesitate on taking the rope that had been thrown to her by Deku. “You can have everything you ever wanted!”
Ochako sighed. The rope graced her fingertips, Deku’s word run in her mind.
“I’m sorry, Pinky, but…I don’t want it…” she confessed. Her hands wrapped around the rope. She looked up to Deku, who looked at him with patience and kindness underneath the moonlight. “I…can’t want what you offer me. My heart belongs with Deku…With the Hero Lovers…With my family.”
“Angel,” Mina said. A small smile formed on her lips. “Are you sure?”
Her fingers started to lose its grip on Ochako’s hand.
“Positive,” Ochako reassured her. The grip on the rope tightened.
“Don’t regret this,” Mina said.
The moon was shining brightly.
“I won’t.”
Mina let go.



Chapter End Notes
Quick Question though: Has someone actually read Paradise Lost? I watched a summarized youtube version of it because I'm in college and it's either read paradise lost or write something loosely based on the youtube recommendations vids.


Heaven's Light
Chapter Summary
But suddenly an angel has smiled at meAnd kissed my cheek without a trace of frightI dare to dream that sheMight even care for meAnd as I ring these bells tonightMy cold, dark tower seems so brightI swear it must be Heaven's light
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Izuku stepped inside of the bus station. His eyes roamed across the vaguely familiar posters hanged on the walls, the lightly decorated halls with hero merch and the three new people seated on the couch.“Not much, I know,” Uraraka said with a melancholic smile. “We used to have more…But the bomb kind of blew everything away.”“It’s what little we could save,” Iida added. His eyes were cast down as he spoke, unable to meet Stain’s eyes.“It’s amazing,” Izuku breathed out. He ran his hands over the walls, touching the burnt edges of the posters. “Was this mine?”“Yeah…All of it,” Uraraka said. She stepped forward. Her arms draped over Izuku’s shoulders, ever wandering across the poster of All Might. Her voice was low, lost in her own happiness. “Do you remember something?”“Vaguely,” Izuku confessed. “But all of this…Just seems so perfect to be true.”“It was,” Iida said. His eyes softened as he looked at Izuku. “It was perfect. Like a dream.”“One we didn’t want to wake up from,” Ochako murmured, eyes half opened. “But, you’re here now…That’s what is important.”“I wish I could remember,” the fingertips dragged from the poster to the wall. Izuku’s eyes were glued to the greasy wallpaper that covered the walls. “I-…I wish I coul-…”Uraraka could only stare, holding to Izuku with dear life. She was so scared he would leave again. That by the second she let go of him, she would be all alone again. If she looked back to Iida, she could see the same fear in his eyes.They were lost without Izuku. He was their hero…-She held on tighter to him, swallowing the tears in her throat-But they were not his.Izuku didn’t have a hero.If he was in trouble, what could they do to help him?Would they even be able to save him?“Izuku,” Todoroki’s words traveled across the room. “Midoriya.”They both turned back to him. Izuku was met with dichromatic eyes that stared at him…differently.In a way, he didn’t know someone could stare.“Todoroki?” he asked. Uraraka let go of Izuku, in favor to let him move.Izuku walked slowly towards Todoroki, who was simply standing there. He couldn’t name the feeling, but there was just something that led him to move. To reach out.“You are Izuku Midoriya,” Todoroki repeated. He was holding on to something. A notebook, Izuku noted. Todoroki placed it carefully in Izuku’s hands. The weight felt familiar. “That’s all you need to know. No one can change that…No one will change that.”Izuku looked up to Todoroki. They held each other’s eyes, full of wonder. A flicker of a memory passed through the back of Izuku’s mind. It was a nice memory, tasting sweet in his mouth like-…“A chocolate bar,” Izuku said. His eyes were foggy, still lost in the memory. “I…kind of want one…”Todoroki flinched.“We-,” he felt his throat dry. His eyes couldn’t tear away from Izuku’s face. The suffocating feeling surged in his chest. He wanted nothing more than to reach out. To hold Izuku’s hand tightly and never let go. To take him to the convenience store, where everything was okay. Where they could be themselves, without the pressure of the world above them. “-We, could…Go, get some…”Izuku gave him a warm smile. Precious and innocent. One that took him back in time. Back to the convenience store, when his biggest problem was if he should buy a candy or a chocolate bar.It was beautiful.“That…Actually sounds nice…” Izuku confessed. He took a step forward. Todoroki could feel his heart beat loudly in his ears. “And a slushie?”“And a slushie,” Todoroki agreed. “But we should bring back-”“Chips!” he said with a bright smile. He turned around and pointed at Uraraka. “Because Ochako likes them!”“You remembered!” Ochako cheered. Small dots of tears formed in her cheeks.“And-” Todoroki continued. “What does Iida like?”“That’s not playing fair, Todoroki,” Uraraka laughed.“I can’t remember,” Izuku said, frowning slightly.“I don’t like convenience store food,” Iida reminded him. “It’s gross.”“What?” Izuku asked, turning his eyes to Iida. “But it’s fun going there!”“It’s not healthy,” Iida said, he scooted over so Izuku could seat by his side. Uraraka sat on the opposite end.Izuku stared at the place he was being left with. He looked back at Todoroki and Chizome-san.He gave Uraraka and Iida a weak smile.“I think we might need a bigger couch,” he said.The night sky was staring at him back with the vast immensity. Todoroki had grown used to these quiet moments when the light of the moon was his only confidant. His hands went to rest on the rail that kept him from leaping off the building, the coldness biting through them.“They fell asleep,” Iida’s voice came like a lullaby. “I thought you were going to bed.”“I was,” Todoroki spoke back. His eyes lingered on the moon, round and wide. Welcoming him like a lost child, searching for hope. “But, I still feel like I’m dreaming. I’m scared of waking up.”Iida stepped forward, so he could stand side by side.“I know,” Iida replied. Todoroki turned slightly to face him. Iida’s eyes were also glued to the moon. “This doesn’t feel real at all…I can’t help but feel like I was blessed by-”“A god?” Todoroki asked.Iida let out a low chuckle.“Do you think gods would be on our side?” Iida asked. He closed his eyes, feeling the breeze hit his face. “Maybe it was something more powerful than a god,” Todoroki stared at his hands. They were hands of a sinner. He knew that far too well. “Maybe it was Izuku.”“You love him,” it wasn’t a question. Iida simply looked at the moon. “Or is it maybe worship?”“Can you blame?” Todoroki inquired. His hand went to meet his left side. The scar that grew on his face, like that one of a monster. There to remind him of everything he hated. Everything he had left behind when he met Izuku. “No face as hideous as mine, was ever meant for heaven’s light and yet…”“He reached out,” Iida completed.The memory of Izuku rushing to his side came back. Forgetting the world, forgetting of the right or wrong. His fingers tracing across his cheeks, a hushed whisper. Kept promises.Izuku, with no memories, reached out for him once again. With no fear, with no disgust…In those hazy eyes, lost and confused, he could see the undeniable care that Izuku held. For Iida, for Uraraka, for Stain…How big could his heart be?“He’s more than heaven,” Todoroki said. “Heroes turned their back on us. Gods did too. Izuku…Didn’t.”Iida could only nod in agreement.“Maybe heaven hates us,” Iida commented. “If following Midoriya makes me a sinner, though…”“I can’t say I hate it,” Todrooki completed.Iida hummed in agreement.“I would gladly live in hell, if it meant being with him,” came the reply. “But honestly, can you call this hell?”The moon begged to differ.   “Cheer up, blasty!” Kaminari said, making sure his body dropped by his friend’s side.The couch of the common room was big enough to fit them all four. However, only Kaminari dared to get near Bakugou when he was obviously boiling in anger.“Shut it,” he said, shrugging off the arm.Kaminari sighed, retreating his arm. He gave Kirishima a questioning look, but all that could be return was shake in the head.‘I don’t know man.’ The message was clear. Kaminari turned to Mina. She shook her head too, eyes lingering on the ceiling. Kaminari frowned at this. Mina had been looking at the ceiling an awful lot lately. It creeped him out.“Come on, man,” Kaminari tried to say once again. He let his body weight rest against Bakugou. “You’re grumpier than usual! It’s as if a girl rejected you!”Bakugou couldn’t stop the flinch in his body.‘Who are you?’“I’m leaving,” he announced, shoving Kaminari out of the way.But to his friends, it was obvious how shaken he had become at Kaminari’s suggestion.“She’s so stupid!” Kaminari shouted out the nowhere. Everyone froze. Kaminari didn’t care and simply stood taller.“What the fuck?” Bakugou asked.“She’s stupid,” Kaminari said once again. A grin covered his mouth. “You’re Bakugou Katsuki, man! Yeah, you’re an ass, but you’re the top in the class!”Kaminari kicked Kirishima, who sat on the carpet. Kirishima quickly continued.“Yeah! You’re like the manliest guy I know!” Kirishima cheered, raising his fit in the air. “You’re amazing, Bakugou!”“They’re right, you know?” Mina chirped in. “If you weren’t my friend, I would love to go out with you!”“Any girl should be proud to be considered by you!” Kaminari said. The words began spilling out of his mouth.Bakugou turned around, slowly.“What?” he asked. Kaminari’s eyes shone at this. It was impossible to ignore the way Bakugou’s face softened at his words.“She’s probably in denial,” Kaminari said. His body began to make its way across the common room. “I mean, you’re…the hottest guy I know.”Kaminari gulped after this. His eyes lingered on Bakugou’s arms.“Yeah!” Mina cheered, trying to make Bakugou feel better. “What kind of dumb chick turned down our man?!”“She must be totally nuts,” Kirishima chuckled at the idea of someone saying ‘no’ to Bakugou.“Or playing hard to get!” Kaminari continued. He circled around Bakugou, so he was standing right in front of him. His eyes shone like stones, making sure to touch every inch of Bakugou’s body he could. “You’re the kind of guy in every girl’s wet dream!”“Do girls have wet dreams?” Kirisihima asked Mina in a hushed whisper.“We are as horny as you guys,” Mina replied. Her mind went to a pudgy girl who danced in the wind. Pure brown eyes, a smile of an angel. Her face went red, and she licked her lips. “We’re just better at hiding it.”“I bet she has a loose screw,” Kaminari insisted. “She doesn’t deserve you!”“…Bullshit,” Bakugou said, turning away from Kaminari. “They were perfect.” “Quitting is not manly, Bakugou!” Kirishima interrupted as he stood up. “You’re gonna tell me you’ll give up!? That’s not the guy I thought you were!”“Getting all sad because a girl turned you down?” Mina snickered. “Lame.”“As if you’re any better, Pink Face,” Bakugou growled.“I’m sorry Bakugou,” Mina said in a condescending tone. None of the guys knew of Ochako. It was a secret she would carry with her forever. However, teasing them a bit wouldn’t hurt. “But when the love of my life was at arm’s reach, I didn’t let go. Right now, maybe they’re far away, but they won’t ever forget me.”
‘Who are you?’
Bakugou clenched his hands into a tight fist. Blood running wild in his veins.He wanted Deku. He wanted to hold him. To kiss him.“Kaachan, I love you!”What wouldn’t he do for that smile? For that voice calling his name in sweet need?Nothing. Nothing, was the answer.“Chain her up,” Kaminari whispered. He held Bakugou’s shirt tightly in his hands. “Don’t let her escape again. Don’t let her forget that you are the number one hero here, Bakugou.”The idea of Deku once again by his side, completely at his devotion was enough to send chills down his spine. Deku worshipping his very existence.“I’ll make him remember,” Bakugou said. A wide grin spread in his mouth, like a wolf ready to hunt. Kaminari looked up, feeling ecstasies run in his vein as the word ‘him’ rolled off Bakugou’s tongue. The devious glint in Bakugou’s eyes could not be missed. “I’ll make you remember me, Deku.”The fire pit that burned inside of Bakugou grew. He would make Deku remember who he was. Carve out his name in his skin, so he’d never forget him again. He’s make him fear him, make him love him…Make him adore him.Ochako tapped her foot against the wooden floor to the sound of the music in her head.“For all of the lives you’ve taken, we’ll no longer be mistaken,” her lullaby echoed in the closed room. By her side, Iida stared at the door, feeling the uneasiness crawl up his back. “Spears will rain down from the heavens~”“Your song is lovely, Fallen Angel,” a voice spoke.Ochako grinned, feeling the tips of her finger buzz in energy.“You and your weird names, Dealer,” Ochako said with a smile. “I was getting worried you weren’t coming.”“Why wouldn’t I? You’re my best customers,” The Dealer laughed, reaching for the table. He placed his cards on it. “I missed our chats.”“Maybe because you gave us fake information?” Ochako asked, reaching for a random card. The Dealer stared at it. Wheel of Fortune. She twirled it around, unaware of the meaning of the card.“I told you it was a trap,” The Dealer replied. He offered Iida the deck, so he’d pick a card. Unsurprisingly, it was the Sun. “You were the ones who rushed in.”“Yeah, well, the bait wasn’t the class 2-A,” Ochako said, shooting him a glare. “It was the guards in the Yakuza entrance.”“Details,” The Dealer hummed.“Details is what we pay you to give us,” Ochako spat. She threw the card towards The Dealer. “Anyway, we need inside information.”“I guessed so,” The Dealer complied, taking the card in his fingers. He showed it off to Ochako. “Do you know what this means?”“I don’t care about your tarot readings,” Ochako said.“The Wheel of fortune, specifically, means that when you were once at your lowest point-,” he shifted the card, so it was upside down, “-now you’re at your highest one.”“Charming,” Ochako raised an eyebrow.“And the Sun card-,” he continued, “-means Joy. Happiness.”“Your point?” Ochako scoffed.“Your King is back.”Silence fell.“That means you no longer need me,” The Dealer said. “You can get info easily-”“He lost his memories,” Iida interrupted. Ochako gave him a light glare. “We need you to get whatever information there is of him from the Hero side.”The Dealer simply raised an eyebrow.“He’s a ghost in this side,” The Dealer said. He shuffled his cards. “What little info we have is made out of rumours and papers that hide the truth.” His hands rested on the top of the deck. “He’s nothing. Officially, he’s been dead for years.”“We know,” Ochako said. “What we need is not information from the core. We need the rumours.”“The rumours?” The Dealer asked with a frown. “What good can rumours be? They’re nothing more than white noise with half-baked truth.”“There’s no smoke without a fire,” Ochako simply answered. “Heroes don’t know the truth, but they are aware that Deku exists. If we want to tear this society from the ground up,” she flickered the cards that were lying in front of her, “we can’t let him touch him. Again.”Her eyes were completely darkened with wrath. She raised her head, so she could completely burn through The Dealer.“I’d sell my soul to the Devil to save him,” she declared.The Dealer let out a low chuckle. He tossed the Death Card towards her.“You already have,” he replied and then laughed. “You foolish sinner.”“Whatever,” she said, giving a scornful glare at the card. “So, we have a deal?”“Sure, I’ll help you. But about the payment-”“Yeah, yeah, information about the League of Villains,” Ochako waved her hands. “-Or what’s left of them. Sure. It’ll take us a while, but we can-”“Oh, no,” The Dealer chuckled. He shuffled his cards once again. “This time I want something…a bit different.”“Different?” Ochako asked. She looked at Iida with a side glance. “How…different?”The Dealer took out a random card from his deck and turned it around.“I want to meet Lucifer,” he said. His eyes left the card and looked over to Ochako. “Your King.”“You what-!?” Ochako exclaimed, eyes shooting wide. “Why would you want to do that!?”“I’d like to read his future,” The Dealer simply said. “Every time I try to reach for him with the tarot…It blurs like a pixelated game.” The Dealer frowned slightly. “I can’t help but wonder, what is he?”“He’s not a toy for you to play around with,” Ochako hissed, eyes narrowing venomously. “If you think I’ll let you hurt him-”“Oh please,” The Dealer sighed. “As if I wanted to harm my best clients. I just want to have a small chat.”Ochako held on to the edge of the table with white knuckles. Her eyes wandered across The Dealer’s face, hating every inch of the grin spreading in his face. Gritted teeth creaked in the air, and she wanted nothing more than to reach out with her knife to tear him apart.Still.“We need the information, Uraraka,” Iida said besides her. She hissed once again, aware that Iida only spoke the truth.“I’m the only one who can give you want, am I not?” he asked.His hand stretched out, offering it to Ochako. It was covered in a purple glove that screemed at her, ‘liar’.This was such a bad idea.“Come on, Princess,” the Dealer spoke, “won’t you shake a poor sinner’s hand?”Ochako bit her lips enough to draw blood.“Deal?”It was information. They needed it. To protect Deku…But her protective heart couldn’t help but feel dread. Show Deku to this middle ground thief?She locked eyes with the dealer.“Touch him and you die,” Ochako said with a glare. In a rapture of emotions, she reached out, gripping it with the strength that would make an angel cry in pain. His hand was cold to the touch. A shiver ran up her spine. “Deal.”The Dealer grinned.“Perfect.”“I can’t help but feel I’m making a contract with the devil,” she joked, letting go of his hand.“Oh, baby,” The Dealer’s voice was a song corrupted by malice. “At least I don’t serve the king of them.”The Dealer tossed the Death card towards her, once again.“Give it to Equilibrium,” he said. “His fate is sealed.”“What does this one mean?” Ochako asked, more out of pure curiosity than actually believing in fate.“Ending of a phase,” The Dealer assured. “And it’s getting nearer.”“We don’t need fake fate to live,” Ochako sighed, tossing the card back into the deck.“You’ll regret it,” he said, but shrugged as he took back the card.“I don’t regret my choices,” she spoke with a cold voice as she stood up. “Ever.”They stared at each other for a long second, before Ochako sighed.“Let’s go, Iida,” she said, turning around to leave the room.“Bye, bye, hot stuff~,” The Dealer joked at Iida. He smiled widely. “By the way, I lost my Devil Card. If you find it, please do let me know.”Izuku blinked awake, as he stared around the room.“You woke up?” Todoroki’s voice made him turn around. He was sitting in a chair nearby, his eyes going thtough some notebooks. “It’s still early. You can stay asleep a bit more.”“Where is everyone?” Izuku asked. He looked down to find a blanket covering him up. He wished Ochako and Iida were back. The warmth when they had cuddled to sleep has been comforting enough to lull him into slumber.“Uraraka and Iida went to meet The Dealer,” Todoroki explained, turning the pages from the notebook. “And Stain went out to get something to eat.”“I wanted to see them,” Izuku said, getting up slightly. The blanket fell off into the ground as he neared Todoroki. “What are you reading?”“Your notebooks,” Todoroki answered. “They’re full of information…It always amazed me.”Izuku looked over Todoroki’s shoulder, into the notebook. His hair tickled on to Todoroki’s neck, making him feel light headed. There was something just so precious about having him so close by.“I wrote all of this?” Izuku asked, reaching out to turn the pages. “Wow…”“Most of them were lost when the bomb exploded,” Todoroki said with a sigh. “You had so much more.”“The bomb?” Izuku asked.“It was a trap for the League of Villains,” Todoroki decided to explain. “You were caught in the fire and-…We thought we lost you.”Todoroki gripped the corners of the notebook, feeling the tears prickle in the corners of his eyes. Izuku stared at him with worry, reaching out to hold Todoroki’s hand.“Todoroki?”“You had everything,” Todoroki said with a broken voice. “But because I failed to save you I-…You lost it-” A single tear slid down Todoroki’s cheek.Izuku ran his fingers on Todoroki’s cheek, reaching for the drop of water before it touched the floor. Todoroki’s tears were warm against his frozen cheeks. Izuku was careful not to startle him.“It’s alright,” Izuku reassured him. “It’s alright if things break down sometimes, you know? They can always be rebuilt. Notebooks? Poster? I don’t really need them.”“But-” Todoroki tried to say.Izuku shushed him with a warm smile.“They’re not important,” Izuku said, his soft hands guiding Todoroki’s face to turn to see him. In between velvety hands, Todoroki’s tear-covered-face was cradled. It was held with such care, almost as if Izuku were scared Todoroki might break. And maybe, he might, because Izuku was treating him like a treasure. As if he were worth protecting. “We are alive right now. That’s what matters.”Todoroki stared intensely into Izuku’s eyes. They were bright and full of life. They were the heaven light that he had been forbidden from for so long.Tears collected on the edges of his eyes.“Todoroki!?” Izuku exclaimed, suddenly worried that he had said something weird. He didn’t want Todoroki to cry, he just wanted…“Izuku,” Todoroki breathed out the name with care and worship. His hand went to meet the ones that were holding him firm. “Izuku, Izuku…”Panic subdued in Izuku’s chest when he saw Todoroki’s eyes close. Peace formed in his face, making Izuku feel like he was doing something right.Maybe not everything. But at the very least, this was.“It’s okay, Todoroki,” Izuku murmured, tracing patterns in Todoroki’s cheeks. “I’m here…I won’t let anything happen to you.”Izuku brought their bodies closer together. He let Todoroki’s head rest against his chest, threading his hair softly. Todoroki melted in the embrace, holding tightly on to Izuku.They were both broken beyond repair. Izuku had been denied the key to the Hero world. Todoroki on the other hand, had it handed to him in silver plate. But their place wasn’t up there, where everyone blindingly turned away from the poor souls being broken by society.No.Their place was right there. Limbs tangled up, breaths mixed. Future uncertain.Their place was right there, in hell. Where they were acutely aware of the completely illness that reigned in the shadows.   “Everything is going to be fine, Shouto,” Izuku’s voice was a soft piece of paradise. Todoroki held on, hoping this moment would never end. “I’m here now. You don’t have to be afraid of the future.”Izuku hummed out the lullaby he knew by heart. It was Ochako’s lullaby. He couldn’t remember the lyrics, but the tune was engraved in his very core. In his very soul.Todoroki trembled against his chest. But he would protect him. He would make sure Todoroki was okay.He would protect this family that had so generously taken him in. That so happily made him feel like he belonged.  Everyone else might have agreed that they were sinners, yet Todoroki couldn’t agree. This felt like heaven.“Never fear,” he whispered against Todoroki’s ear. A soft smile in his lips, tracing every little curve in Todoroki’s heart. Careful not to break any of them. Careful to feel every single one. “For I am here.”  



Chapter End Notes
I really, really, enjoy writing about The Dealer. Hey, you remember the small prank I pulled off when I was first writing "Remember Me"? Let's make a deal for real this time , shall we? The first person who finds out who The Dealer is...can have a free 1k fanfiction of whatever they want me to write.  (I pinky promise from one lost person to another, that this time it's not a trick question. It's a fair deal)I will PM you if you get it right, but you'll have to keep the secret~


Hellfire
Chapter Summary
Confiteor Deo OmnipotentiBeatae Mariae semper VirginiBeato Michaeli archangeloSanctis apostolis omnibus sanctis
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




No.This was not how things were supposed to be.Bakugou stared at the mirror in his room in the dorms, feeling anger bubble up like acid up his throat. His eyes were glaring at his own reflection.Deku should have come with him.In his mind, day by day, it replayed like a broken record. The feeling of Izuku’s hair underneath his fingers. Those sweet lips pronouncing three words that echoed in his dreams. Big eyes looking at him in wonder. In need.Deku, who loved him, who obsessed over him. Who had notebooks piled up in the corner of his room with every detail he could find about heroes. About him.He was meant to be by his side. To run into his arms when he offered a second chance.But now.
‘Who are you?’ 
Bakugou couldn’t stop the scream that ripped his throat. He tossed the books in his desk, thrashing and screaming.He shoved away the mirror, yelling at it with no remorse. It shattered into a million pieces, covering the floor with broken glass. Bakugou dropped to his knees, his throat sore as he tried to scream away all the pain that bubble up inside.His knees dug into the glass that laid on the floor. They bled into the carpet, turning it red like spilled paint. He tugged at his hair, feeling the anxiety swell up instead of diminishing. His eyes were locked into the floor, watching as the mess in his room grew bigger.He felt his hand heat up and out of pure desperation, he punched the carpet. A loud explosion echoed in the room.  The fragments of shattered glass dug into his skin. “Deku,” he snarled, voice low and deep. The bile fresh in his mouth, tasting like iron and acid. “Deku!”Bakugou groaned, red eyes unfocused as the image of Izuku filled his mind.Why wouldn’t Izuku leave his mind?“Why are you always there?” he asked. The pain felt barely there as he tried to get up. Staggering to reach for support, he turned to the broken mirror. He was met with his own bloodied body, red eyes glaring at himself. “Deku…”‘I love you,’ a voice filled with honey echoed in his mind. Bakugou froze. He could feel the tenderness of hands smaller than his, gently caressing his neck. ‘Kaachan, you’re so mean…I really love you.’Suddenly, Bakugou felt blessed. Like all anger inside him evaporated. He melted in the false embrace, arms holding him firm. As if the touch a lost lover.His eyes went glossy at the touch.His lips moved on his own, “I do too…”‘Joking~,” the teasing voice came back.Bakugou’s eyes shot open.‘Can’t believe you bought it!’Anger coursed through his bones, he turned around and slapped the air.There was nothing to hurt. Nothing to touch. Izuku was not there. Instead, only the shattered reflection of the broken mirror stared back. Red deformed eyes glared back, staring with both hunger and desperation. Bakugou moved, trying to reach out. To get a hold of something. Anything. Even if it was just an illusion.He needed to touch Izuku.‘I’m not here,’ Izuku’s voice continued. Bakugou wished with burning fire that he could see where it was coming from. ‘I’m no longer here, Kaachan…And you wanna know why?’Bakugou recognized that tone. It was that painful tone, one that Izuku used all the time when he was near tears. When he was about to start crying.‘Because you left me!’ the voice shouted. Bakugou punched the wall, trying to get rid of the voice inside of his head. ‘You left me Kaachan! I trusted you and you left me!’“That’s bullshit!” he cried. He let out more explosions, feeling his heart contract. As if it were being played around. “I’m not the one to blame!”‘Then who is it!?’ Izuku yelled.“You!” Bakugou yelled back. His eyes were red like boiling blood, as he tried to attack everything in his room. “You left me! You were supposed to follow me! Everywhere!”The ghostly hands came back into his arms. Bakugou went limp.‘I know,’ Izuku’s voice was hell in life. Burning him up like fire. It was addictive and precious. His fingers caressed his cheeks. ‘But I won’t stay if you keep pushing me, you know~?’ “What? You want me to tie you up?” Bakugou mocked but needed to suppress the shiver that runs up his spine. “Want me to lock you down?”‘Wouldn’t that be fun?’ the illusion simply laughed. ‘Make me stay, Kaachan.’Bakugou could picture it. Izuku on his knees, hugging him with dear life.‘Make me love you.’Out of instinct, Bakugou’s arms went up to hold Izuku’s waist. The memory of the warm feeling of the other’s skin was enough to full whatever delusion he was in.“I will,” Bakugou said. His voice was low and powerful, running into his very core. “I will make you mine, or you will die at my hands.”He was sitting in the room alone. His hands gripping onto nothing. Shattered pieces of the broken mirror sprawled around him. Body covered in blood as his eyes were lost in the emptiness of the room.“Deku…”Izuku sat down in the makeshift living room of the bus station, trying to suppress the shivers in his body. Uraraka stared at him with a worried look.“Are you okay, Deku?” she asked calmly. Her hands went to touch his, in an attempt to soothe. “I could lend you my sweater…”“It’s alright, Ochako,” he replied with a small laugh, rubbing his arms to keep the warmth in his body. “It would be awful if you got sick!”“But what about you?” Ochako asked in return. There was obvious distress in her eyes.“It would be awful for you to get sick too, Midoriya,” Iida intervened too. “You’re also a precious member of the Hero Lovers! We need to protect you too!”“You’re overreacting a bit,” Izuku laughed nervously.“They’re right, kiddo,” Stain said from the other side of the room. “If you get sick, someone’s gonna have to stay to take care of you.”“Chizome-san,” Izuku said, feeling a bit of pride pool in his chest. Stain was really worried about him. “Thank you so much, guys!”“It’s nothing at all,” Ochako said with a smile, bright like the stars.“Guys!” a new voice came from the entrance. Ochako immediately recognized it and got up to go greet it.“Baby!” she cried in enthusiasm. “You’ll never guess what happened!”“You’re all over the news!” Himiko said. As soon as she saw Ochako, she went to hug her. “I’m so glad you’re safe!”“What did the news say?” Ochako asked, suddenly interested in the phone that Himiko was holding.“Oh, you know, the usual,” she shrugged, handing it to Ochako. “The Hero Lovers escaped with the help of the Hero Killer Stain. No further notice has been handed to the media.”Ochako laughed at the news article that had gone viral.“Girl, what did you do?” Himiko asked with a raised eyebrow. “No further notice? This must be super confidential!”“Well,” she said with a cheerful tone. “You’ll be surprised to find out who we found on our way out!”Himiko looked at her with curiosity. Then at Iida. And then beside himA wide grin spread across her face.“Izuku!” she cried, rushing to go by his side. Izuku flinched at her loud voice. “Oh my god! You’re alive!”Izuku froze in his place at the nearest of the girl. His entire face went red and he stuttered as he spoke.“S-sorry, uh, I don’t t-think I can’t-t, remember yu-you?” he tried to say. His eyes went to look at everywhere but the girl.“You don’t remember Toga-chan?” Himiko asked with a pout, but her tone was overall cheerful. “Even when she’s told you how much she loves you?”Izuku continued to stutter, completely embarrassed, to what she simply laughed.“Stop teasing him, Himiko,” Ochako said with a grin. “He actually lost his memories after the bomb incident.”“What?” Himiko asked. “So, he doesn’t remember us?”Ochako shook her head with a strained look. Himiko smiled in understanding, getting up to stare at the rest of the crew.“Sorry about that,” Himiko gave a sad smile towards Izuku. “I just got excited to see my adored idol once again!”“Idol?” Izuku asked, tilting his head. Himiko showed him her teeth, slightly stained with blood.“The leader of the hero lovers, the Quirkless wonder,” Himiko replied. She snickered slightly. “You inspired me! I wanted to create a world where life is not so difficult, where its easier to live…”She looked up at the ceiling as if silently looking up at a god. Her smirk came wide and bright.“And Izuku was the one to give them that chance!” she said with complete endearment. She laughed. “Not to mention you’re totally my type!”Izuku blushed at this.Ochako felt relief wash over her at this. It was as if a lost part of the puzzle was falling into place without a problem at all. It felt familiar.Almost heaven like.“You did a good work last time, Himiko,” Ochako praised, going to pet her hair. Himiko blushed. “You helped us a lot!”“The yakuza were super weak!” Himiko replied with confidence. “It was soooo easy!”“Yakuza?” Stain asked, raising an eyebrow.“They were extorting people for money,” Ochako explained, with her eyes lowered to the earth. “Heroes wouldn’t do a thing about it…That’s why we took matters into our own hands.”“You wiped them away?” Stain asked.Ochako turned to Himiko, whose smile grew bigger.“Every last one of them,” Himiko replied. She showed off a little purse she had. When she opened it, bottles of blood stored inside were shown. “And collected a bit of blood. It might help at some point.”“Good girl!” Ochako said with delight.“Ah! You kept it!” Izuku said at the sight of the container. Himiko blinked, while Izuku suddenly blushed. “I gave it to you…right?”“Yes!” Himiko answered with shimmers in her eyes. “Izuku gave it to Toga-chan to make my job easier!”“I’m glad you liked it!” Izuku replied back, a light blush spreading through his cheeks.“It’s my favorite toy,” Himiko grinned brightly.“Seems like the amnesia is temporary,” Iida said, reaching to check Izuku’s injuries. “Nothing hurts?”Izuku shook his head.“Good,” Iida gave a gentle smile. “Your head used to hurt a lot before.”“We should help you regain some of the memories,” Ochako decided, reaching for another bulk of old notebooks. “Maybe you’ll remember something good!”Himiko sat on the floor, her head laying on top of Stain’s lap as she read through the newspapers. Izuku sat in between Ochako and Iida, holding up one of the notebooks. Ochako was already nodding off, while Iida was in deep slumber.Izuku looked into the notebooks, turning the pages with curiosity overflowing in his body. The words that were written in those notebooks echoed in his mind. They resounded. Everything in them was so familiar yet so strange. He knew that the information in these pages were things locked up inside of his mind.But, no matter how much he tried to reach for them, they were muddy and uneven. Not quite the piece to fit in the puzzle.“Are you alright?” a voice asked. Izuku looked up to meet dichromatic eyes that stared at him in worry. His hands were holding a mug, which he offered to Izuku. “You shouldn’t push yourself so hard.”Izuku rubbed his eyes, trying to wipe away the sleep in his brain. He smiled at Todoroki and accepted the mug in his hands.“Thank you, Todoroki,” Izuku said. The mug was hot in his hands, a pleasant feeling overtook him with this. The smell of cocoa and marshmallow made him sigh in relief. Izuku took a small sip from the hot liquid, feeling his heart envelop in the sweet taste of chocolate. A smile bloomed on his face, like a carnation in spring. “It’s delicious…”“I learned how to make it when you were gone,” Todoroki explained, sitting by Izuku’s legs. “Iida had trouble sleeping and Uraraka wouldn’t calm down. It was the only way to get them to relax.”Izuku gave a nervous laugh, side-eyeing his partners.“They don’t seem to be all that worried right now,” he commented and took another sip of the hot chocolate. Todoroki offered a soft smile.“They don’t have to worry anymore,” Todoroki said, resting on the couch. “You’re here after all.”Izuku hid his face behind the mug, hoping to blame the hot liquid for the bright pink hue that covered his cheeks.“I can’t believe they cared for me so much,” Izuku kept wondering. His hands hugged the mug tightly. It was such a marvelous feeling, to be loved without bounds is.“We do,” Todoroki continued. His eyes were staring straight into Izuku’s emerald ones. “We would do anything for you…Izuku, we love you.”It was said with such conviction and passion that Izuku couldn’t help the burning feeling in his cheeks from traveling across his face. Todoroki’s eyes burnt like fire. As if Izuku were a star and not a simple boy who just got lucky.“You really shouldn’t,” Izuku said with a low voice. He placed the mug down. “I’m…broken. I don’t know who I am, or what I’m supposed to be…I can’t even remember you, who love me more than anything…I can’t even remember me!”Todoroki’s hands went to meet Izuku’s. They were both holding the mug, as Todoroki stared at Izuku’s tear-filled eyes.“You don’t need to,” Todoroki said. His words were filled with pure cyanide infesting Izuku’s lungs. Making it unable to breathe, making his eyes tear up. “I can remember for both of us. I promised once, I can promise forever. To remember you, even when you can’t remember yourself.”Izuku’s eyes shone at this. Like the stars in the sky, they shone in a pearly glow, making Todoroki’s heart burst from his chest. He loved Izuku more than words could describe, more than the stars could attest.“Todoroki…” Izuku murmured with a soft smile. He took Todoroki’s hand in his own, entwining their fingers in a tight grip that promised to never let go. “Pinky promise?”Todoroki’s chest felt on fire. The words were spoken like out of a dream, out of paradise itself. He would have wondered if this was all an illusion, a prank, or a torture method…But that would mean doubting what was in front of him. Doubting Izuku and the beauty that his world held.And Todoroki would never doubt him.He would never doubt Izuku.So, with trembling lips and tears in his eyes, he nodded.“Pinky promise,” he answered. His voice felt weak and uneven, but he couldn’t bring himself to care.Izuku smiled.“Then it’s a promise!” he said with a cheery laugh. “From one lost person to another…”“It’s our promise…” Todoroki agreed. He let his head rest on Izuku’s lap, as the hands went to tread on his hair. It felt good to have Izuku so close by. Right there. By his side. He let the tears roll down his cheeks. “It’s our promise…”Uraraka blinked and rubbed her eyes as the grogginess began settling in her body. She had fallen asleep like a baby.It had been so long since that had happened.She smiled to herself. It was the first time, in a very long time, since she felt so content. So happy. Her eyes turned to her side, and she let out a soft laugh.Iida was sleeping stiffly, as Izuku rested against him. Todoroki, in place, rested his head on Izuku’s leg, holding his hand tightly.This was it. This was the thing she had been fighting for.And it was all worth it. “So-,” Himiko said, as Uraraka yawned awake. She placed the newspaper down, to turn and give her friend a Cheshire grin. “-you and the Pink Hero?”Uraraka burst into red from the words.“What?” she yelped, unsure of where to look. Himiko laughed at her friend’s innocence.“Are you really going to tell me you spent time in a cell alone with the love of your life and you didn’t do anything?” Himiko asked, raising an eyebrow.Uraraka laughed nervously, as she tugged the tip of her fingers.“Maybe?” she tried.“I want deets girl,” Himiko said with a grin. “Did you kiss? Did you hug? Oh my god, did you get to third base-”“Toga!” Uraraka all but cried to shut up her friend. Himiko laughed heartedly. By her side, Chizome rolled his eyes at the youngsters’ shenanigans. “We just shared ice cream!”“Just?” Himiko asked with a sly look in her eyes. Uraraka tried as hard as she could so as to not look at her.“I didn’t get a chance to touch her,” Uraraka said, looking away from Himiko. “We were in a cell…We could only talk and…share food.”“Aww that sounds like a really sweet date,” Himiko teased, rolling on her side, to look at Uraraka upside down. “You think she’s into you?”“Maybe?” Uraraka said but it sounded more like a question. She hid behind her hands. “Yes?”“Don’t ask me!” Himiko said excitedly, poking the side of Uraraka’s leg. “You’re the one who flirted with little miss hero!”“I mean,” Uraraka bit her lip, “she did…kind of…share a popsicle with me…”“Girl!” Himiko beamed.“I know!” Uraraka said in return, full of excitement. Her cheeks were flushed red as she grinned widely. “And she told me that she wanted to partner up.”“Ohh,” Himiko said with her mouth in a cute ‘o’ shape. “Do you think she wanted you to stay so you can smooch?”“I do,” Uraraka confessed with a sigh.“And what did you answer, babe?” Himiko asked although she knew far too well the answer.“The obvious thing,” Uraraka said with determined eyes. “That my heart belongs here. With Deku.”“She said anything in return?”Uraraka smiled.“That…” Uraraka felt the warmth in her heart spread through her body. “…she hoped I was happy.”“She’s gold, girl,” Himiko said with a delighted sigh.“She is,” Uraraka answered, her eyes shimmering in hearts and clouds.Izuku flipped through the notebooks, reading and analyzing as everyone around him slept. He smiled at Todoroki, who slept at his feet, Uraraka who was resting by his side, and Himiko who was curled up with Chizome-san. His heart felt full of the idea that this was really his home. Somewhere where he could be himself and still be loved.His eyes landed on one of the entries that explained people he knew. There was one page about Uraraka, about her Quirk and personality. How they met, how he wanted to help her…followed by a bunch of plans that were sure to have taken up months of strategizing. Then Iida’s page. Then Todoroki’s…He turned the page.He frowned, unsure of the name that was sprawled across the pages.

Bakugou Katsuki. 

Izuku wouldn’t have cared all that much…If it weren’t for the countless of pages there were about this person. One, two, three, four…six…nine…Twelve pages, full of descriptions and analysis. Drawings covered the pages, along with footnotes and extensive descriptions. Izuku felt a shiver up his spine as he read everything.No one had mentioned this person. Why was he in so many pages? Sweat ran in his hand as three words caught his attention.“My childhood friend,” he read out loud in a murmur. His eyes traveled towards the borders of the pages. Something tasted like both bile and sweetness in his mouth. It was disgusting and intoxicating. “Kaachan?”The words felt too familiar in his mouth. The adrenaline rushed through his veins. In a full-blown panic, Izuku closed the notebook completely and tossed it to the other side of the room.It made a loud sound in the room, which made Iida startle awake.“Midoriya?” he asked, as Izuku shivered up beside him. “What’s wrong? Are you hurt? Is your head okay?”The worried tone in Iida’s voice made Izuku snap back into reality. He stared at Iida in the eyes, feeling the soothing in his body spread at the sight of the golden tint. A small smile managed to settle itself in his mouth as he reached out for Iida.“I’m okay,” he tried to say against chocked tears. “I’m just…scared.”“Scared of what?” Iida asked, but he still hugged Izuku. The tender and cozy touch of Iida made him feel better. “You can tell me. I won’t tell Uraraka.”Izuku hummed in agreement.“I’m your knight and confident,” Iida said in a silent moment. “I promise to do whatever you ask me. Even keep secrets.”“I don’t need a knight, Iida,” Izuku said with a soft laugh. “I just need a friend.”Iida smiled. Of course.“Then, as a friend,” Iida said with his smile as delicate as a flower. “You can tell me anything that bothers you.”“Let’s sleep, for now, Iida,” Izuku said instead. “I’ll tell you in the morning…”“Deku,” the words of the madman echoed in the lone alley. It was the growl of a wolf who wanted to hunt down its prey. A red tint could be made out from the deepest parts of the place. “Where the fuck are you?!”Bakugou walked down the streets with the palm of his hands crackling in warning to anyone who dared to see him in the eyes. His steps were loud, ringing against the pavement. His eyes were wandering as he looked over the city, hoping to find a clue. Anything.“Oh, if it isn’t the messiah walking,” a mocking voice came from the alleyway. Bakugou turned slightly, sensing the person staring at him. “Are you searching for All Might’s failure?”Bakugou groaned.“I have no idea what you’re talking about, extra,” Bakugou spat, his hands ready to launch an attack.The voice laughed.“You’re searching for the king of hell,” the voice repeated, this time coming closer and closer. “Lucifer himself.”“Stop speaking in riddles,” Bakugou said with fury in his eyes.“Isn’t it more fun this way?” the voice asked with a soft laugh. “They call me The Dealer.”“So?” Bakugou asked.“I can tell you where your precious little toy is,” The Dealer continued with a smug grin. This caught Bakugou’s attention. “But, nothing is for free, my friend.”“I’m not your friend,” Bakugou snarled. “What do you want?”“I’m a Dealer of information,” The Dealer said with confidence. “Information for information. What do you have to offer that could equal what I’m about to give you?”“The hell do I know,” Bakugou replied, irked by the manner of speech of the guy. His hands twitched.“How about information that only the U.A’s elite would know?” the Dealer asked. “Like…All Might information?”Bakugou flinched. The Dealer’s smile spread wider.“I don’t know shit.”“We both know that’s a lie,” the Dealer said, his eyes suddenly turning stone cold. “I’m offering you a chance to go bring your little Midoriya back…Is he really worth so little?”Bakugou clenched his fists tighter, a stoic line forming on his lips.Was he really going to lose Deku again, when he could reach out so easily?No.Bakugou wasn’t a quitter. He wasn’t going to give up. Not this time. Not ever again.He raised his head to lock eyes with the Dealer’s eyes. They gleamed like a child in a store.“So,” he said with a devilish tone. He extended his hand towards Bakugou. “Do we have a deal?”Bakugou stared at the hand for a fraction of a second. His mind went to so many places in that second. From his mom, to All Might, to the rest of U.A., to Deku…He wouldn’t lose this time.He reached out to the Dealer’s hand with a deep glare.“Deal,” he said without a hint of hesitation.The Dealer smirked.“Perfect.” 



Chapter End Notes
IM BACK BABY you thought i was done with this story? WELP THINK AGAIN.  (I already have this whole thing outlined either way, so you'll never be left without a conclusion blep) I was just busy with other projects and school! But since I had a little bit of free time, I decided to update this fic. I really hold dear this project so I won't be dropping it anytime soon! Expect more chapters sometime this summer! Also! Someone managed to pinpoint who The Dealer is, HOWEVER, they did not leave any way of contacting them rip. So they'll have to wait until I've revealed who the Dealer is for me to contact them about it in the comment section. I also hope you like the way I'm developing Bakugou (and his dynamic with Izuku). I swear it's all going to make sense by the end. Without any further ado, I thank everyone who support this fic. Every comment fills me with joy, and I'm glad you all like it. If you want a live blogging of my creative process AKA how i spiral into despair right before i post it, follow me in tumblr @stardustizuku


God Knows
Chapter Summary
Even if everything around us seems as if it’s hopelessI am prepared to take on the worldIt’s all for my wish, I ask if it will come trueBut that only God knows …
Chapter Notes
OH MY GOD THIS TOOK ME AGES TO DO. I'm actually in summer school in college, so i was trying really hard to concentrate on my grades, and unfortunately it meant distancing myself from some things that take up my time. Writing takes up A LOT of time, but i enjoy it. I had to reserve writing for very few instances when i was free. Okay, so quick shoutout to @paperheart in youtube. They have really cool animatics that reminded me of my fic. This one especially : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n0CNv95Wqxw, because I also used "I am damaged" in the finale of the first fic "Remember Me" (although it was with tododeku) They also have a few other villain deku animatics that i will incorporate in the future to the narrative, so give them a watch wink wonk.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Izuku stared down at the little bottle he had in his hands. All eyes focused on the purple liquid inside of it.“This is how we save heroes,” Izuku explained, showing it off. He placed it carefully in Ochako’s hands. “It’s the antidote for all the corruption that has seeped in the system…”“What is it, exactly?” Ochako asked, looking at it through the light. It had weird shimmers inside of it.“It’s a potent drug full of LSD and ketamine,” Izuku explained from the couch. His legs resting on Ochako’s lap, his shoulder used to let Himiko sleep. To his side, Ochako was slightly resting against him. “It causes numbness and hallucinations, some internal bleeding…Anyone who survives a sip of it has the mental and physical fortitude to go against the worst of all!”“Oh!” Ochako said with gleaming eyes. “Have you tried it, Izuku?”With a grimace, Izuku gave a slight nod. “It’s…the thing that Tomura gave me...Although it's more like a homemade replica, ” Izuku confessed with blurry eyes. “I know first-hand how awful it can be…”Ochako couldn’t help the smile that came to her lips. This was it. This was what she had always dreamed of.This would show the heroes just how much pain Izuku had been put through…If they died, it was a symbol of how pathetic they truly were. How weak-willed and inadequate they were in face of true horror.And those who overcame it?They would know the pain that Izuku carried. They would understand the pain of those who were left with nothing…The pain of the outcasts of society...Maybe, just maybe, those who overcame it could be true heroes.Just like Izuku.A quick glance towards Iida gave Ochako the reassurance she needed. Iida was thinking the exact same thing.“Can we drink it?” Ochako asked with a small giggle. Wide eyes turned to her.“No!” Izuku said quickly, rushing to take it away from her. “It would hurt!”“But it would help me understand you!” Ochako said. The bottle was taken away from her.“No!” Izuku insisted, shielding the bottle from everyone. Or more, shielding everyone from the bottle. “This thing really hurts! It should only be used to prove heroes! Not innocent people!”Ochako pouted.“I still think you should let me have it,” Ochako said with a sigh. “We want to share the burden you carry, Izuku.”“It’s…” Izuku said with a low voice. “…not a burden I’d like you to carry…It’s a really horrible feeling, this drug…”Ochako gave a soft smile to Izuku at his words and then nodded.“It’s okay,” she reassured him. “If you don’t want us to drink it, we won’t.”The relieved expression in Izuku’s face was enough to warm her heart.“Thanks.”Izuku’s eyes fell to Iida’s hands. They were gripping tightly the armrest.“Iida?” Izuku asked, feeling nervousness overcome him.“I’m sorry,” he said, getting up from the couch. “I need fresh air.”He walked away from the group, leaving the room with an uncomfortable silence. “Iida?” Ochako asked, suddenly feeling a bit worried.“I’m going to go talk to him,” Izuku said, getting up from the couch to follow Iida, making Himiko snap awake. Toga blinked, staring at the situation. Ochako bit her nails in nervousness. Todoroki was fidgeting in his place. Stain seemed not that interested in the situation.“Is the cavalier going to be alright?” Himiko asked with a tilted head.“I’m not sure…” Ochako said in answer. The worry was obvious on her face. “I have never seen him that upset…”“I wonder why he was so angry,” Himiko pondered.“I don’t think he was angry,” Ochako said. “He looked more…”“Upset,” Todoroki finished the sentence, without looking up from the newspaper. “He was upset.”
“Iida?” Izuku asked as he stepped into the balcony. “Are you okay?”“I’m sorry for storming out that way,” Iida said, looking up to the night sky. The pale blue moon was staring back at them. “It’s okay,” Izuku said, reaching to stand by Iida’s side. “What’s wrong?”Iida's eyes were fixated on the moon that shone brightly upon them. He sighed, feeling the coldness in his bones from the wind.“Do you trust us?” Iida asked. His words were fragile in the wind.“Of course I do!” Izuku replied with eagerness. “You’re my friends!”“It doesn’t seem like it,” Iida said, looking towards the city that bathed under the shine of a satellite.“Because I won’t let you drink liquid poison?” Izuku asked, raising an eyebrow.“Yes,” Iida replied. “We want to walk by your side. To help you. But…You simply brush us away…Like we’re not even that important.”“But you are!” Izuku said immediately. “You are important to me! That’s why I don’t want you to ever get hurt!”“We don’t want you to get hurt either!” Iida yelled back, startling Izuku. His eyes were red, glaring at Izuku with tears in his eyes. “We care about you, Midoriya! We don’t want to lose you again! If it means drinking poison, just to understand a bit of how you feel then-!”Iida choked back a sob.“Iida…” Izuku said with a very low voice. His heart was aching for his friend as small drops of tears formed in his eyes.“I want to understand you,” Iida said, wiping away the tears in his eyes. “It’s not exactly easy to follow the lead of someone teaming up with my brother’s assassin when you don’t understand what’s going on.”Izuku winced.“Are you still wary of Chizome-san?”Iida nodded slowly.Izuku sighed.“Would it help-” Izuku said, looking towards the same moon. “-if I told you about how I met him?”Iida finally looked towards Izuku, who was entranced by the moon.“It’s mostly blurry,” Izuku confessed with a soft smile. “But if it would help you…then I’ll tell you!”Iida stared at Izuku as he readied himself to start talking.“I woke up in the ashes of a building, with the sound of sirens surrounding me,” Izuku began explaining, “I was scared. Really scared. I couldn’t remember a thing. Everything around me was blurry and black…I couldn’t move. I was paralyzed in fear. Nothing seemed to make sense. The only thing I knew was that…I was alone.”« Just barely, I managed to move. I escaped the sirens that seemed to follow me. I remember running. Running until my breath ran out and I couldn’t continue moving…And then I… »« I found Chizome-san »« He was there when some thieves tried to mug me. He jumped in and offered to walk me home but-…Well, I didn’t remember where my home was. If I had a home. Or if I had a family…So he decided to take me in! »« At first he didn’t want me following him when he was going to attack heroes…But I remembered something. I remembered I loved heroes. So, I spent day after day looking at the news, making notes about heroes and eventually-! Chizome-san said I was really something! He let me join him, with the promise I hid my face… »« I found some of his ideas a bit flawed. Why would you kill all heroes? And why just hurt them if they were halfway worth it? Why not give them a challenge? To see if they were really worth it! He liked my idea better and we started helping heroes! »« Iida, with this idea, we might be able to save more heroes! I was really excited but-…a lot of them didn’t make it…And it was not helping me regain my memories. I liked Chizome-san but-…I really wanted to go home -If I had one-…That’s why, when I saw the three of you on the tv, I wanted to meet you! I knew you were important to me! I knew you were part of my past! »“And-,” Izuku continued, clenching the fabric of his shirt in his hands. “-when I finally found you three…I realized I really did have a home! A place where I could be me…Where I didn’t have to hide behind a mask to be accepted…” Izuku’s hands went to the large scar that covered his right cheek. It was most likely from the explosion of the arcade. “…And I didn’t want to lose it…I don’t want to lose you!”Tears were streaming quickly down Izuku’s cheeks like a fountain. They overflowed and spilled on the floor. Izuku’s hands trembled, trying to hold in all the emotions that were bottled up inside.“I love my family,” Izuku confessed. He turned around to look Iida straight into the eyes. They were completely wet, with red marks underneath. “I want to protect it! I’d rather die than let anything happen to it! Chizome-san, Himiko-chan, Ochako, Todoroki, Iida! They’re all my family! Just like you want to help me, I want to help you!”Izuku continued to sob, desperately trying to wash away the tears in his eyes. But it was impossible. The broken sobs wouldn’t stop and the tears seemed endless.Iida could only stare.“I’m sorry,” he managed to say. He opened his arms awkwardly, but Izuku didn’t hesitate to accept the message. Izuku rushed into the hug, hiding his head in Iida’s chest. “I’m sorry Izuku…We just want to-”“I know,” Izuku said with a choked back sob. “I know…”They sat there, holding each other.“I’ll protect you, Iida,” Izuku reassured him. “I’ll protect my family. I…That’s what a king does.”Iida was right. He had always been.Izuku was the best man he had ever met.He was glad this was the path he chose.
Momo stared at Mina. The pink girl was sitting in front of her with a gloomy expression.“What happened?” Momo asked, placing her hand on top of Mina’s.“I think,” Mina said with a grim look on her face. “I fell in love…”“Oh!” Momo said excitedly, holding Mina’s hand tighter. “That’s great! Who is it?!”Mina’s face scrunched up even further.“…Ochako Uraraka,” she said. The pain in her eyes was completely defined. The flinch in Momo’s body didn’t go unnoticed.“Uraraka…” Momo repeated, holding Mina’s metal hand in her hands. It was barely noticeable with the pink tone and Hatsume’s craftsmanship…But it was undeniable when Momo held it.“I’m sorry,” Mina said with guilt in her voice.  She hid her face with her hair.“Why?” Momo said with a soft voice, tracing patterns in her hands.“Because they’re villains!” Mina said, feeling the pain crawl up her throat.“Hmm,” Momo hummed but looked not at all phased. “Is she really?”“They were the ones who ruined your legs and your heart!” Mina all but yelled. “You’re in a wheelchair because of them! And I fell in love with her-!”“Mina,” Momo said with the kindness of a goddess. “Can she be so evil when you’ve fallen in love with her?”Mina stilled. Momo smiled, bringing Mina’s hands to her legs. They were covered in a blanket to hide it from the world. Underneath, scars and bruises that would never heal were hidden.“You’re a good girl, Mina,” Momo reassured, petting Mina’s hair as she spoke. “I’m sure whoever won your heart, can’t be that bad.”“But what if she is?” Mina asked with her voice trembling in anxiousness. “What if she continues to do terrible things and I can’t stop her!? What if I let her mess with me?! What if-?!”“Mina,” Momo continued, her voice still soft, still gentle. “Are you weak enough to let yourself be fooled?”Mina stayed silent for a second. Lost in thought for some minutes, she wondered.Would she hesitate to put Uraraka in jail again?The answer came faster than she had expected.

No. 

It was her job as a Hero…And besides, where would be the fun in that?“See?” Momo said with a soft laugh. “You want to save her, don’t you?”“Yes,” Mina answered without hesitation. Her eyes were sparkling as realization dawned on her. “I want to save Ochako!”“Cling to that feeling,” Momo offered, softly touching Mina’s nose. “If you lose against her, you won’t be able to save her.”“Defeat her, to save her,” Mina said. Determination filled her in a second. Her eyes fell on Momo’s covered legs. Part of her boiled in anger, while another part soothed in the coldness of a soft snow.She hadn’t been able to save Momo…But if she tried real hard…Maybe, just maybe, she could save Uraraka. Bring her to the light.“I want to eat ice cream with her again,” Mina said out loud, resting her head on Momo’s legs. “And chat with her…She’s a funny girl, you know?”“She sounds marvelous,” Momo said with a giggle. She began threading Mina’s hair. “But if you fell in love with her, she must be.”“She is,” Mina continued, enjoying the soothing feeling of Momo’s hands in her hair. “We could even become partners…She’s powerful enough to defeat half the villain in the streets!”Momo continued to listen to Mina ramble about everything and nothing. She enjoyed these moments. Moments where she could forget her broken legs, her shattered dreams.True, she had been robbed of her future…But…
‘Yaoyorazu!’ a voice always came to save her. ‘Run!’ 

‘I won’t leave you!’ Momo’s foolish answer came. 
Momo had tried to face Shigaraki by herself. It was only because of Izuku that she was even alive at this point.She owed him her life. Still, it was inevitable that the bitter feeling didn’t wash away.Oh, what wouldn’t she give to, once again, touch the ground with her feet.Fate was a cruel lady, dangling her dreams as a chandelier in front of Momo.“Become a hero who can save everyone,” Momo begged Mina, although it sounded more like an encouragement. “For me…for us.”Mina nodded as she closed her eyes. The weight of days and days of emotional and physical strain, finally taking a toll on her. The comfort of Momo’s hand was the only thing to bring her peace after so many tragedies had swallowed her. “Sleep, my beautiful Eva,” Momo whispered softly, a small smile on her face.
“Deku?” Ochako asked. “Where are you going?”Izuku looked back to the couch where everyone was sitting. Iida had grown a bit more comfortable with Stain in the same room, so he was sitting on the floor kind of close by him. This left Ochako on the couch with Himiko and Todoroki to cuddle with. Himiko had a sly smile as she hid her face in Ochako’s breasts.It was such a lovely picture.Izuku smiled, reaching for the doorknob.“I want to go walk for a bit,” Izuku answered. “Take a bit of air.”“Be careful,” Uraraka warned, but too comfortable in the pile of people to actually move.“Will be!” Izuku answered with enthusiasm.He took a step out of the bus station, feeling his body cold against the midnight air. Izuku giggled at the feeling.“There’s no turning back from all of the sins that you’ve committed,” Izuku sang with ease as he walked down the lonely path of the night. It was such a comfortable feeling to return to the darkness that had embraced him for so long. “It is time you face it head on…”Ochako’s lullaby danced freely in the air as Izuku took steps forward. The melody and the lyrics brought peace in Izuku’s heart.With some twirls, he began dancing on the streets. This part of the city was rundown and mostly abandoned, so he felt safe as he did so. No one to watch him as he sang and danced. No one to judge him for how awkward his movements were.The feeling of happiness could not die.At least…“Deku,” Izuku froze in his place. “Deku!”Izuku turned around, eyes wide as he encountered his nightmare come to flesh. That voice so heavy in venom, making him shiver in place.“Katsu-…” Izuku tried to say but found the words stuck in his throat. His lips moved on their own. “Kaachan.”The name brought a grin to Bakugou’s face.“I finally found you, Deku,” Bakugou growled as he walked forward. Izuku had half the mind to take a step back. “I was searching for you…”Izuku’s mind went flashing to the past. Memories of his childhood, along with rejection and pain. A bomb. Helplessness.Kaachan.“H-How did you find m-me?”“I followed the white rabbit,” Bakugou answered with a giant smirk on his face. It made Izuku’s legs tremble, making it impossible for him to move from his spot. Bakugou’s eyes turned dark, as he took a step forward. “We’re going home, Deku.”“Home?” Deku asked, his eyes going wide. His mind went to Iida, Uraraka, Chizome, Todoroki…“Back to U.A.,” Bakugou said. His eyes were glowing in the dark, like a beast hunting down a rabbit ““N-no, you don’t understand!” Izuku said, covering his body with his arms. He had gone out without a sweater. He felt completely naked. Cold biting his skin. “I-I’m happy here, Kaachan! I won’t bother you anymore! You don’t even have to-!”“I said,” Bakugou repeated, his voice raising tone with every word. Eyes dug into Izuku like a pyre to a witch. “We’re. Going. Home.”“Kaachan, you don’t have to take care of me anymore,” Izuku tried once again. His voice felt so small against Bakugou’s. “You don’t have to pretend to care…I found people who…actually like me!”Izuku was hoping this might make Bakugou back down.He hadn’t expected the hardness in his eyes to deepen, or the grip of his fist to tighten.“Like you?” Bakugou repeated in a slow tone, dripping with hatred and licorice. He snorted. “How can someone like you, Deku? You’re useless! No one but me can tolerate you!”“Kaachan?” Izuku felt his heart becoming smaller and smaller, fear eating him whole.“This is why you can’t be left alone!” Bakugou yelled as he took a step forward. “This whole story you’ve created! This world where you can actually survive! This just proves you’re a useless child! An absolutely, absolutely, useless child!”Izuku cowered as Bakugou’s voice kept being raised in tone. There was something so scary about how Bakugou was moving…It was odd, off, strange…Wrong. “Why would they like you!?” Bakugou screamed. Izuku felt his spirit crumble. His world; shatter. “Come on, Deku! Tell me one thing they’d like about you! Look at you!”Izuku tried to hide behind his own arms, but it was impossible. Everything he hated about himself was laid bare in front of Bakugou. Everything to be torn and destroyed, at the reach of a hand.“Don’t be stupid, Deku,” Bakugou’s voice suddenly turned softer. Almost nice, almost welcoming. Izuku dared to raise his head, just to see an extended hand towards him. “Come home.”Izuku stared.And stared.And stared.He didn’t move from his place, his mind swimming in doubt and hatred.A pang of pain shook his head. The memories were coming back. The pain from those days with Shigaraki…Bakugou growled again.“Take my hand!” Bakugou screeched.Bakugou tried to move forward. Izuku’s eyes widen, his throat opened.“Don’t!” Izuku yelled. His eyes were directed to the ground. Silence fell. “…don’t come near me…Kaachan.”Bakugou froze in his spot. Izuku felt bad, but he couldn’t allow himself to be swallowed. Not again.People were depending on him now. He had a family…He didn’t trust himself near Bakugou…His heart ached still, freshly wounded.“Deku," Bakugou’s voice felt so frail. So weak. So small.“I’m happy here,” Izuku continued, biting his lips. “…Really happy!”“Oh,” Bakugou said. A sick laugh echoed in the night. Izuku felt more scared than ever. “I see…You think you know better than me!”“No!” Izuku tried to say. “I’m-!”“You think they actually love you!” Bkaugou let out a boisterous and mocking voice escape him. It was dripping with hatred. “This is gold!”“They do!” Izuku insisted, tears threatening to spill down his face. “They told me they-!”“They’re lying, Deku,” Bakugou replied, shooting a nasty look towards Izuku. “They hate you. The only who could ever like you is me!”Izuku remembered Todoroki’s hands. Uraraka’s words. Iida’s tears…It didn’t seem fake.It was real.At least, it was real to Izuku.And that’s all that mattered.“I don’t care,” Izuku choked out. “It doesn’t…matter if they hate me. It doesn’t matter if they’re lying…I’m happy, Kaachan. I’m so happy I could die…” Izuku gave a smile as the tears began pouring like a river. “I love them…I want to stay by their side!”Izuku held tight to himself. He was scared like he had never been. His shoulders were shaking, his heart was trembling…Yet, he had never felt more powerful - safer- than at that moment.Maybe he didn’t remember a lot of things.But…The fact that he loved them…That was everything he needed.“Ha…” Bakugou let out a heavy sigh. “You’re really such a sad, very sad, good for nothing kid…”Izuku stood there for a few seconds. Bakugou didn’t take a step forward. Nor a step back.“I’m sorry,” was everything Izuku could find himself saying.With that, Izuku ran away.Bakugou could have caught up. Easily.Or at least, he liked to think he would have. But after so much time apart, maybe even that had changed.Bakugou fell to the ground.“Despite everything…” Bakugou choked out, feeling the tears prickle his eyes. “…that child won’t trust me at all…”He punched the concrete underneath his knees.“Fuck,” he cursed. “Fuck!”This was not over, Bakugou promised himself.If he couldn’t have Izuku…Then no one would have him.He would make sure of that himself
Izuku ran back to the bus station, not daring to look back.‘Kaachan,’ his heart couldn’t help but constrict in anguish.Once upon a time, he had loved Kaachan more than anything. He could feel it. But that…had been a lifetime ago. When Izuku was lost, unsure of his future, unsure of what being a hero meant.But now…He knew it.He knew his purpose, his motivation. His drive.Izuku was going to become the savior of the heroes.Just like Chizome-san, he would destroy those unworthy. From the ashes, a beautiful hero world would be born.One where he didn’t have to fight. Where no pain would bloom. Where heroes were powerful and dedicated.What doesn’t kill you, makes you stronger…Well, Izuku was going to become the poison, so no hero would be weak.

“Chizome-san..” Izuku called his mentor as he sat in front of the tv. “Do you like heroes?”

“Real heroes, yes,” Stain had answered. “Why do you ask, runt?”

“I think Heroes are really cool,” Izuku replied. The cool glow of the late-night television painted Izuku’s face. He was kneeling way too close to it. “I would love to become one…”

“To become a hero, you need to be willing to throw everything for your cause,” Stain replied. “Do you think you can do it?”

“Of course, I would,” Izuku said with a sigh. “But…I don’t have a Quirk…even if I wanted to…I could never become one, could I?”
“A hero is made of ideals, not Quirks,” Stain answered, sitting by Izuku’s side. “I think you could be a great hero.”“Really?” Izuku asked, his eyes shining in the dark. “Even if it’s a bit late?”
“It’s never too late to be a hero,” Stain replied.

“Do you think…I could help heroes?” Izuku asked, turning to face Stain. “Maybe that way…I can redeem myself!”

“Help heroes?” Stain asked, raising an eyebrow. “How?”

“By making weak heroes stronger,” Izuku smiled wide. “Making heroes with weak ideals turn away from this path…And save those who have a light inside of them.”

Stain stared at Izuku.

“If I become someone powerful,” Izuku spoke. “Only the strongest of all will thrive!”

“So, like a vaccine?” Stain asked.

Izuku smiled.

“Deadlier.”  




Chapter End Notes
my baby is out there murdering heroes and y'all still call him a cinnamon roll. Also, this won't be the last time we see Yaomomo. She will be the most meritorious saint.  (i wonder if anyone has caught on the theme of this fic)


King Of Hell
Chapter Summary
Your undeniable spell is the LuciferYour undeniable magic is the LuciferWhen I approach you, with your angelic faceYou say that the reason you live is for me, you say
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“Oh my,” a voice made Izuku stop to a halt. His panting was still harsh, as he tried to escape Kaachan. His eyes lingered in the night, hoping to find something to cling on to. “If it isn’t the forsaken child of the Hero World.”The muddiest part of Izuku’s brain recognized that voice. He was sure that, at some point, he had encountered this person before.But, he couldn’t recall where. Or if the memories were actually his, and not a horrid ploy from his broken mind.“Who are you?” Izuku could all but ask. His eyes tried to steal glances from behind him; too scared to run into Bakugou again to free himself from the anguish.“You don’t remember me?” the voice mocked. Izuku didn’t like that voice. “You wound me, Lucifer.”Izuku stilled at the name being thrown at him.“Don’t call me that,” Izuku replied, trying to back away.The person in front of him began laughing. Loudly and wicked, full of genuine joy for the situation.It was disgusting.“You’ll like it with due time,” the man said with a grin spreading in his face.“I highly doubt it,” Izuku answered with skepticism, an eyebrow raised as he stared at every movement the stranger made. “Who are you, and why are you here?”“Oh, I apologize for the rudeness, your majesty,” the stranger said with a mocking tone. “Your friends call me ‘Dealer’.”“Dealer?” Izuku couldn’t help but feel he had heard that name somewhere else. “And what do you want, Dealer?”“Not much, little prince,” The Dealer hummed in acknowledgment. “I was just dying to meet you.”  “I’m no one important,” Izuku replied with furrowed eyebrows. He took a step back, unsure of what to make of this strange person talking to him.“Oh, but you are!” the Dealer said excitedly. “Someone so important, that you can change fate with the flicker of a coin! Defeat gods, drag angels to hell, and become the heir to a throne that never belonged to you.”“Change fate?” Izuku asked, unsure of what the words meant. “No one can change fate…And I’m no god! I’m just a kid trying to help heroes!”“You seem to underestimate yourself, Lucifer,” the Dealer laughed. “But I guess that’s what makes you interesting.”“I’m not Lucifer,” Izuku insisted. His eyes were becoming hard as he stared at the wicked grin in the man’s lips.“Really?” the Dealer asked. “Your future says otherwise, though…”“I don’t have a future,” Izuku said with a firm tone. “I’ve never have and never will. Future is for heroes!”“You’re absolutely right, Izuku,” the Dealer said with a devouring smile. “Whenever I tried to read your future…it all was empty. Nothing certain, nothing there…Just a single gleam that seemed to fade with time…Wanna know what it was?”“No,” Izuku replied, maybe too quickly. The Dealer laughed.“The Devil card,” the Dealer answered. “It was the only constant thing…And it can mean a lot of things but…”The Dealer’s eyes gleamed in the darkness. His grin was white against dark, like a predator waiting for his little sheep to discard the fake skin.“Maybe it means you are the devil himself?” the Dealer laughed. “Or will be, at least!”“I’m leaving,” Izuku said, turning away.“Oh, you really should,” the Dealer said reaching for his tarot deck. “After all, didn’t Lilith draw the Death Card?”“Lilith?” Izuku asked.“You know, Adam’s first wife,” the Dealer shrugged walking away. “But she ditched him and the heavenly world to elope with Satan…What a foolish girl.”Izuku froze in his place.Lilith…His legs began running towards the bus station, without him even thinking about it. Breathing ragged, pain in his chest.He ran and ran, hoping he could be faster than before. Hoping he could be stronger. Braver.Memories swallowed him whole, as he tripped and fell to the ground. But despite that, he didn’t stop. With staggering steps, he continued to run towards the station. Towards his home. Towards his family, Towards…
Shouto. 
Momo looked up from the window, feeling a shiver up her spine. The night was quiet, staring at her with tenderness. In her knees, a weight shifted. Mina was sleeping with a soft smile on her lips.Momo traced her hairline, breathing out in content.What wouldn’t she give for this to be the future she wanted. Simple peace, quiet moments, nothing to worry.Her hands feel from Mina’s face to her knees. She gripped them tightly.She couldn’t feel a thing. Her legs wouldn’t move, no matter how much he tried, or how much he wished for them to react.She was chained to this chair, unable to become the hero she had once dreamed of.“Momo?” Mina’s voice called. The pink haired girl blinked awake to stare up at Momo. “What happened?”“Nothing,” Momo lied. Her hands drew forward to close the curtains, shielding herself from the moon, and Mina from reality. “Go back to sleep.”“Are you sure?” Mina asked. Her hands went to touch Momo’s, stopping them before she could completely close the curtains.“It’s late, Mina,” Momo continued, not moving her hands from the fabric. Smoke appeared in the corner of her eyes. “You have classes tomorrow, don’t you?”Mina made a face, doubting Momo.“Please,” she begged. Eyes focused on Mina, desperate for them to reach out. To save, at least one person. “You can sleep on my bed for tonight.”Mina held her gaze for a moment. A moment which Momo was sure she stopped breathing.But at the end, Mina complied. She tore away her eyes from Momo, slowly moving towards the bed.“Wake me up before classes start,” Mina said, letting her weight drop on the bed.“Will do,” Momo smiled. She took one last glance to the outside. The night burnt like hellfire. Far away, she could see a building burning up. Swallowing whatever there had once been in it. Her eyes narrowed.She closed the curtains.She wouldn’t let Mina jump back into a suicide mission again.At least one more soul. At least one more person…She was still a hero. She would save as many as she could, in the poor state she was in.“Sweet dreams, Mina.” Izuku fell to the ground. Tears rolled down his cheeks as he stared at his home. His family.It was destroyed.  “Why,” Izuku asked. He wasn’t sure who he was asking this too. Who could be listening at this point? “Why are you hurting us!?”“Izuku!” a voice called from the smoke. Izuku recognized the voice. His eyes widened, quick to get up and meet the tight embrace. “Thank god you’re okay!”“Ochako!” Izuku cried, clinging tightly to her shirt. “Ochako, what happened?!”“I-I don’t k-know,” she replied. Her voice was trembling, stuttering with every word. “W-we were just-…”Ochako couldn’t even finish her sentences. She was shaken to the core, scared and weak.Izuku looked down at her body. Burnt marks or fire danced across her arms and legs. They were heavy, painted and blistering as they broke the skin. Bruises and cuts, surely from when the building collapsed over her, were shown across her once pale flesh. “Where’s everyone else?” Izuku managed to ask with his face covered in tears. His own body was paralyzed in place, as he saw his dear place burn.“I don’t know,” Ochako answered in a whimper. “I managed to get out but-…”Without a second to miss, Izuku tossed Uraraka to the side and ran towards the building.“Don’t!” she shrieked, holding tightly to Izuku’s arms. Her face was a mess, completely drenched in tears. “There might still be bombs inside!”“I need to save them,” Izuku said with a soft smile. “I need to save my family…”“I don’t want to lose you!” Uraraka pleaded.“You won’t,” Izuzku replied. Rough and scarred hands went to grab Uraraka’s, gently encouraging them to let go. “I’ll be back soon, Ochako.”Ochako’s hands wouldn’t stay still. Nevertheless, she let go.Her tears fell down to the ground, as she saw her beloved king running towards the scorching heat of hell.“Deku…” she sobbed into her hands. “Deku!”“Runt.”Izuku turned quickly into what used to be their living room, to see a familiar silhouette standing among the smoke.“Chizome-san!” Izuku cried, rushing to help the man out.“Try not to breathe in the smoke,” Stain adviced. “Help me out, runt.”Izuku looked down, towards where Stain was pointing out, to see Iida completely passed out underneath a pile of wood.“Tenya…” Izuku breathed out the name of his friend. His hands went to touch his face. He was still breathing. Thank god.“The ceiling fell over him,” Stain explained. “Help me move it.”Izuku nodded, quickly rushing to help his friend.As he worked to get him out, Izuku couldn’t help but smile. Stain had stayed behind to help Tenya. Even when the older man knew that Tenya didn’t like him.“Let’s get out of here,” Stain said as soon as they had gotten Iida out of the pile of burnt wood and ashes.“I need to find Toga and Shouto,” Izuku said.“Crazy girl is fine. She went searching for medical help, but she might not be back soon,” Stain commented, making sure to let Iida’s weight rest against him. “…The other guy though…”Izuku’s eyes started getting wider, his mouth agape.“I haven’t heard a thing,” Stain asked looking around. He coughed loudly.“Shouto is fine,” Izuku reassured himself. “I-I’ll save him!”“You’re a real hero, bunny,” Stain said. “I’ll take Iida outside…Just be careful.”Izuku gave Stain a quick nod, before running again.His feet began moving uncontrollably, searching in between the ash and smoke for signs of life.Where could Shouto be?… Why wasn’t he making any sound? Was he injured? Was the fire too much for him to put it out? Was he-…?“Shouto!” Izuku screamed. Words rapturing his throat as he tried to find anything. “Shouto, please! Answer me!”He ran. Searching everywhere he could until he could no longer keep walking. His movements became sluggish, fighting to keep his eyes open, even when the smoke kept stinging them close.Out of the corner of his eyes, Izuku managed to catch the color white in between the concrete.A small watery smile spread across his face.“Shouto,” Izuku managed to breath out. He crawled towards it, feeling finally like he was okay. “Let’s get out, Shouto…”Izuku reached out to take Shouto’s hand.Just to feel it completely limp against his.“Shout?” Izuku’s voice cracked as he called his name. “Hey, Shouto, wake up…”Izuku got closer, tracing patterns against Shouto’s hand.“Let’s go home, Shouto,” Izuku begged. He sat, letting his face rest near Shouto’s. He couldn’t feel him breathing. Izuku’s tears began pooling in his eyes. “Please don’t leave me…”Hot droplets fell to Todoroki’s cold cheeks. A whimper escaped Izuku’s lips, as he held on close to Todoroki’s body.“Don’t leave me alone, Shouto,” Izuku breathed out. “We…still need to go to the convenience store…And fight side by side…”Izuku’s eyes landed on the notebook that Todoroki had been holding. It was his diary. Number 13. Burnt.A single world scribbled on top of it.“DEKU”Izuku felt his body freeze. Eyes wide enough to pop out of his skull. Fire burning in the pit of his stomach.Kaachan.A bomb.A deafening shrill ruptured the midnight air.“Curse you!”Izuku carried Shouto into Toga’s house. She apparently was living with an old friend of hers named Dabi. Izuku couldn’t really care less.“Bring me some alcohol!” Izuku said, reaching out to what little Ochako had found in the debris of the building. There was nothing really helpful. “Hurry!”Izuku began inspecting the body, hoping to find anything that could potentially save Shouto. His injuries were minor, so he was unsure what exactly had happened. He couldn’t know what it was that had caused him to die.“Shouto,” Izuku told the now weak body. He closed his eyes, resting forehead against forehead. “I promise I’ll save you…”Pinky promise.From one lost person to another.“I know what to do,” Izuku said, turning around to reach for the door. “I need to find Tomura…”“No!” Ochako said. The worry in her voice was obvious. “He’ll kill you.”“He has what we need,” Izuku said without stopping. His hands were already on the doorknob. “I won’t let heroes take away the last good thing I have.”“Wait, Dabi,” Toga asked out loud. “Isn’t he your boss?”Izuku turned around to stare at Dabi.“Ah, right,” Dabi answered. “Scarred body, hand for a face?”“That’s him,” Izuku said. He looked back at Shouto. The pulse in his body was so low he probably wouldn’t last. They had to be quick. They had to find a solution fast. They had to-… “Take me to him.”“I could do that,” Dabi said. “But he’s not a nice person. He probably won’t give you what you want unless-”“I know,” Izuku interrupted. He knew. Far too well. His hard-cold eyes bore into Dabi’s rotten skin. “I know what I’m willing to sacrifice.” Izuku’s eyes narrowed. “Take me to him.”Dabi let out a huge sigh.“Follow me.”They were standing in front of Tomura. Izuku’s eyes didn’t show hesitance.“You’re back,” Tomura said.“Not for what you think,” Izuku replied.“I thought you died,” Tomura pointed out. The air that surrounded both was thick.“I did, actually,” Izuku answered. “But it takes more than a bomb to keep me dead.”“I’ll keep that in mind,” Tomura said. “What brings you here, you fucking traitor?”“A deal,” Izuku said, closing his eyes. “I need something from you. And you need something from me.”“I don’t think you do,” Tomura replied.“You have no followers,” Izuku raised an eyebrow.“Thanks to you,” Tomura glared.“No power,” Izuku said, looking up to the ceiling.“We will,” Tomura said.“No master,” Izuku pointed out.Tomura could only grit his teeth.“I can give it back,” Izuku said, looking down on Shigaraki. “I could give you a kingdom to rule. Let you raise hell on earth. Give you the power and knowledge you need to bring down All Might. Avenge your master’s name…He’s pretty much a living corpse at this point, isn’t he?”“Shut up,” Tomura said. “I don’t need your help.”“Well,” Deku glared. He spat, “I need yours.”“And you either give it to me now when you can have something out of it,” Deku’s eyes narrowed, stepping closer as his words echoed in the room. “Or I destroy what little you have left.”“Don’t threaten me,” Tomura said in disgust.“I don’t threaten,” Izuku kept his voice on a leveled cold tone. “I promise.”“And the Hero Lovers-,” Uraraka spoke.“-Never break their promises,” Iida finished. “I’m not really giving you a choice here, Shigaraki,” Deku said with a snarl. “You either help me now or perish.” Deku felt wicked as he said those words. “You, better than anyone, know what I can do.”Tomura stared at Izuku. The person before him was no longer the innocent wide-eyed vigilante that he had tried to monopolize. He was staring at a monster that could destroy him slowly if he wanted.  Tomura could order what little servants he had to attack him but-…“You’ll help me become the best villain there is,” Tomura stated.“If your bar is so low, sure,” Izuku shrugged. “I’ll give you anything you want, Shigaraki. I just need one thing.”“What is that?” Tomura asked.Izuku smirked.“A quirk.”Izuku coughed blood as he limped towards Shouto. His pulse was still there. He could still save him.He fell on top of Shouto, holding tightly his shirt. His hands were trembling as he held on, everything hurt too much. Everything burnt.“I promised,” Izuku murmured, clinging to him. He coughed again. “That I’d help you…”He placed his hand on his face, tracing patterns on top of his scars. Eyes welling up in tears as he felt the power at his fingertips.So, this was a quirk, huh?He could feel the poison boiling up inside of Shouto. It was such an intense dose…the fact that he was alive, was a miracle on itself.
Let his flesh not be torn. 
Izuku continued to cough, as the poison traveled from Shouto’s body towards his own. The metallic taste of his own blood overflowed his mouth. It was infecting him.
Let his blood leave no stain. 
“I’ll save you,” Izuku said, bile rising up through his throat. “I promise! Shouto!”It hurt so bad. His whole body was on fire, eating him up alive as he tried to keep his body from breaking.He was vibrating with raw power flooding his system. Red and green infected his body as he tried to absorb the horrendous pain that Todoroki had in him.
When they beat him, let him feel no pain. 
Is this what happens when you try to help others? This was infecting Shouto. This had been implanted by heroes.His home had been destroyed.His family left in such a state.Heroes, huh.They were nothing more than fake gods.
Let his bones never break. 
“I won’t let them take someone else,” Izuku said, letting the tears damp his cheeks. The memory of his mother. The burning building. The torture and the hate. It all was swallowing. He took in more of the poison that was cursing through Shouto’s veins. “I won’t let them win!”
And however they try to destroy him, let him ever die!
“I don’t want this,” Izuku breathed out. “I just wanted to help heroes! I didn’t want this!”
Let him never die! 
Probably they were right.No good deed goes unpunished.“I won’t ever do good, I promise,” Izuku said with a low voice. “Just…Help him. Let him live…”Shouto breathed in. He coughed out, splatting the room with little bits of the poison that had been inserted in him.Their eyes met.“Izuku?” Shouto asked with glimmers in his eyes. Izuku matched them, feeling a blessing in his heart at the sight of Shouto being alive.Izuku smiled.And immediately collapsed.“Izuku!”Izuku blinked awake with Uraraka by his side. She was holding tight to his hands, trembling in fear.“Ochako,” he called. His voice alone made Uraraka look up with tears in her eyes. She was delighted.“Deku!” she cried, reaching out to hug him. “You scared me so much, you idiot!”Izuku smiled.“Is everyone alright?” he asked, his voice too weak to go above a whisper.“Yes,” Uraraka replied with softness. “Thanks to you, Izuku.”“I’m glad,” he coughed. “How is Shouto?”Uraraka smiled.“You want me to call him in?” she asked with the tenderness of a mother, carefully combing Izuku’s hair. “He was worried sick…”“Please,” he asked.Uraraka went to the door and left Izuku alone for a second.Meanwhile, Izuku stared down to his hands with a frown.Having a quirk…It somehow felt so wrong…So alien.So…horrible.Or maybe it simply was the unpleasant Quirk he had acquired.“Izuku,” Shouto called as he entered the room.“Shouto!” Izuku beamed. “How are you feeling?”“I should be the one asking you that,” Shouto replied. His hands went to meet Izuku’s face. They cradled it softly, as Izuku nuzzled against it. The worried look on Shouto’s face didn’t go unnoticed. “You almost died because of me…”“And I would again,” Izuku replied with a soft laugh. “A thousand time over, if it meant you were okay.”Izuku grabbed Shouto’s hand, holding tightly. Shouto felt his heartache.“I don’t deserve you,” he said in a whisper.“You deserve the world, Shouto,” Izuku answered. “And I would give it to you.”“I don’t need the world,” Shouto hummed in a sweet tone. “All I need is right here before me.”Izuku’s smile widened.“I love you, Shouto,” Izuku confessed, caressing with soft circles Shouto’s hand. “With the intensity, only a lost heart can.”Shouto returned the smile. Small and hidden by a dust of pink dancing in his cheeks.“I love you too, Midoriya Izuku,” Shouto replied. He wouldn’t dare let go of that hand. “More than you could ever know.”They touched foreheads, feeling the warmth of a home finally seeping into their hearts.After so many years. After so many lost places. After so many broken pieces. They had finally found it.A place they could call home.“So,” Uraraka asked, sitting by the counter of Dabi’s house. “How does it work?”Izuku blinked. By his side, on the couch, Shouto held his hand. Iida was sitting by his other side. Toga was at their feet and Dabi on a chair next to Stain.“Your quirk,” Uraraka clarified. “I only saw you cough up blood out of the nowhere, and then you collapsed.”“Well,” Izuku began explaining. “It’s not really a fighting Quirk…It’s called, ‘One From Many’. Pretty useless to the league of villains, that’s why they gave it to me!”“What does it do, though?” Urarala asked tilting her head to the side.“It absorbs the ‘bad’ things from someone’s body into mine,” Izuku replied with a shrug. “I have a slightly faster healing process thanks to it. If I manage to survive it, I can inflect it on others.”Everyone blinked.“Isn’t that…” Uraraka began.“-like hella dangerous?” Toga asked, with a raised eyebrow.“It is,” Izuku sighed. “It was lucky I even managed to survive it…. Apparently, All for One took it from someone who was on the brink of death from the Quirk.”“The more you use it,” Dabi explained. “The more likely you are to die.”“Basically, yes,” Izuku replied, staring at his hands.“It’s basically self-destruction,” Stain said. “You sure you can handle it?”“I don’t really care,” Izuku said, looking up to the ceiling. “I don’t think I’ll need it. I just took it, so I could save Shouto, after all!”“Don’t ever do something so dangerous again,” Shouto interrupted, making sure to lightly hit his boyfriend in the shoulder. “You’re going to give us all a heart attack one of these days.”“I needed to!” Izuku exclaimed. “I’d rather die than lose my home!”“We technically already lost it,” Uraraka said with a laugh.“Thank you for letting us crash here until we have somewhere else to go, Dabi,” Toga smiled at her friend.“Do I have an option?” Dabi shrugged.“Not really,” Toga chuckled.“Well, yeah, we kinda lost everything again,” Izuku said with a small smile. “But we can rebuild it! This time right!”Uraraka laughed heartily.“And how exactly do you plan to do so?” she asked. “We are back at square one!”“Easy!” Izuku said with a bright smile. “To rebuild everything, we first need to destroy it!”He got up, and he stared up at the ceiling.“We’ll create this world anew! A world were no fake gods stands above us!” he turned back to stare at his friends. “And if to do that we have to become the bad guys…So be it! We will destroy this worthless world, and from the ashes, a bright new hero world will be born!”Izuku smirked as everyone stared at him with wide eyes. “I will destroy heroes,” Izuku’s eyes gleamed in excitement. “So they’ll become stronger! Braver! Only those who can defeat me should be able to rule this world!”Izuku laughed. It echoed, filling the room.“We’ll become the poison of this earth,” he stated. “Let god punish me for dragging his angels to hell.”All Might, Izuku thought to himself with delight, I do hope your descendant can defeat me.



Chapter End Notes
as i said, this time around Izuku will no longer be the cinnamon roll of the first fic. And yeah, no one really has caught on the theme. Uhm, I thought i was being kind of obvious. Oh well, I hope you enjoyed the chapter. I was actually pretty bumped out because I don't feel like my work is that good in comparison to others...But i'm glad to see that a lot of people support me, and like to read my story! (Also next chapter will deal with the aftermath of katsuki's actions. Consider it a kaachan vs deku)


Deus
Chapter Summary
Omnias ianuas praecludo, Sic omnias precationes obsigno
Sed, Qui me defendet Ab me terribilissimo ipse?
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Katsuki stared at the full moon. Everything that had happened before seemed like a blur. Something out of a dream, something that he should never speak about.
It weighed on him like a chest whose key he would never find. It was a secret; the truth. One that no one would ever know.
Except himself.
He walked down the streets. It wasn’t far from the dorms, so the teachers allowed as much. Maybe Not even a full block down the road.
He cursed at the air.
A part of him wanted to regret what he did. Even if they were villains, The Hero Lovers were humans.
And he had tried to take it away from them.
However.
The loudest part of him was winning. Telling him he had done the correct thing. Todoroki, Uraraka, Iida…they were corrupting Deku. They had tried to keep them apart.
They were villains.
And if a few buildings had to suffer so they died and set Deku free?
So be it, then.
He wanted to find remorse in himself, but it was lost.
It was lost alongside Deku.
“Ah, look who we have here!” Katsuki stilled at the voice. There was no human way he could mistake it.
He needn’t even turn around as he spoke the name, “Deku.”
His neck turned over his shoulder, to see Izuku on top of a lamp that illuminated the path. He was grinning childishly.
“Hi, Kaachan!” he replied without breaking his smile. “I was just about to break into the U.A. to have a chat with you.”
He stood up. His figure was darkening the moon, the only light left in the night sky. His grin was replacing it.
“What the fuck do you want?” Katsuki asked, feeling angrier as he saw Izuku’s grin. The fucker should be crying. Begging to come back. He smirked. “Here to beg for forgiveness?”
Izuku’s laughter echoed in the street. It was loud, obnoxious. Nothing like the one Katsuki recalled. He narrowed his eyes.
“Forgiveness?” Izuku asked, tilting his head. “What a cheap word, Kaachan.”
“What else would you have said?” Katsuki snarled. “How else would you get into U.A?”
“Oh, believe me, getting is easy,” Izuku grinned. “Heroes are currently…very weak.”
“As if,” Katsuki said with a glare.
“Wanna try me?” Izuku’s eyes in the night were shining emeralds that burnt like stars. The wide smile that he carried did nothing to ease the discomfort in Katsuki chest. Izuku finally stood up, and Katsuki wondered how the lamp was able to stand his weight. “U.A. has nothing on us, Kaachan.”
“Then why are you here?” he asked instead.
“Oh, you see,” Izuku hummed. “Something reeeeaaaally strange happened…” Izuku jumped from the lamp, towards Katsuki. “…someone…” he took stared into Katsuki’s ruby eyes in a look between hatred and love. “…blew up my home and hurt my boyfriend.”
A knife was held against Katsuki’s throat, and his fist tightened.
“You have a boyfriend?” Katsuki managed to ask, his voice cracking at the idea. “Lame.”
Izuku hummed once again.
“And you know what?” Izuku asked, tilting his head slightly. He poked Katsuki’s face with the knife. “I don’t really mind.”
Katsuki glared.
“Wanna know why?”
“I couldn’t care less,” Katsuki lied.
“Because this taught me something,” Izuku replied, taking the knife away from Katsuki’s neck. There was a hopelessness in his eyes. “You really can’t trust your heroes…”
“Deku…” Katsuki’s eyes widened.
“I believed in you, Kaachan,” Izuku said, his voice shaky. Hands trembled. “All Might may have been my god…But Kaachan was…”
“Kaachan was my hero.”
Katsuki clenched his fists, unable to look at Izuku in the eyes.
“And if Kaachan hurt me…Then heroes are really no good anymore…” he said, looking at his feet.
“Deku, I-”
“Heroes betrayed me,” Izuku spoke with a clear loud voice. Eyes meeting each other. Katsuki wished he could decipher what they were trying to say. “But I could never hate them.”
Izuku’s smile was back. It sent shivers down Katsuki’s spine, for some reason.
“I will help you, Kaachan,” he said taking a step forward. His eyes were sparkling. “I will help all heroes!”
“What are you talking abou-?” he tried to ask, but he was met with a grin that didn’t match his eyes.
“I’ll purge it,” Izuku declared. He looked up at the sky. “Ragnarok, Noah’s Flood, the Suṣama-suṣamā…They were all right!”
Izuku turned back to Katsuki, who was staring in disbelief and disgust.
“Deku…What are you trying to…”
“I’ll end the world,” Izuku said with a wide grin. “I’ll kill it. Burn it. Crush it. And then…From the filth and ashes…The world of true heroes will rise!”
Katsuki paled.
No, no, no…This couldn’t be happening.
Deku was supposed to come back. To redeem himself. To save them…
Not this.
“Deku, stop it!” Katsuki tried to argue, but it fell on deaf ears.
Izuku’s fingers touched his chin.
“If you want to save the world,” Izuku smiled, “then destroy me.”
Katsuki was left frozen in place.
Izuku took steps back, reaching for the lamp on the side of the street.
“And become the number one hero, Kaachan,” Izuku giggled. “But if you don’t…Ah! Shou-chan!”
From the top of the lamp, a figure fell.
Framed by the moon, and the light of the lamp, Izuku held Shouto’s chin as he kissed him in the night. Everything froze in place, as Izuku reached to bring their bodies together, hoping the moment would never end.
Katsuki, despite himself, didn’t stop staring. Wasn’t that bastard dead, from the poison?
“You can’t save me anymore, Ground Zero,” Izuku said, holding Shouto in his arms. He glared from above his shoulders. “You either destroy me…Or I destroy you.”
With that, he left the scene.
Katsuki didn’t have half the mind to alert the teachers. Or return to U.A. Or run. Or chase or…
He simply stared at that same lamp.
Unsure what he should do.
He clenched his fists. He tried to save Deku…
But he ended up sealing his destiny, didn’t he?
The locked chest in his heart just became bigger.

Izuku danced in the night, on top of the buildings of the city.
“Are you sure it’s okay to just leave him?” Shouto asked.
Izuku hummed, as he twirled in the air.
“Don’t worry,” Izuku said, taking the time to turn around in sync with the soundless music. “Kaachan won’t tell. He’s at conflict. Pride versus truth…Those are his biggest values.”
“What if truth wins?” Shouto asks, genuinely worried, following Izuku close by.
“Doesn’t matter,” Izuku stopped to a halt. He looked to the sky again. “Heroes…are still missing the pieces of the game…They won’t ever win.”
“But what if they do?” Shouto asked, his voice increasing in tone as the worry grew. “What if…Izuku, what if they win?”
Izuku kept staring at the sky. He closed his eyes, feeling the breeze hit his face. The distant, yet palpable memory of All Might came to his mind.
“We were standing right here…” Izuku said as he looked towards where Shouto was standing. All Might in his normal form -weakened- telling him quirkless people couldn’t be heroes.
“Izuku?” Shouto asked. The wind was shaking his hair. Izuku’s eyes softened at this.

Shouto…you’ll never forget me, right?

 “I don’t want to think,” Izuku said with a bitter smile, as he stared down at his hand. “I want to forget… About what I am, or what I was. Of what I should do, or what I should be..." his voice grew smaller. "...of what I could have been..”
Shouto stepped forward. He took Izuku’s hand on his own.
Izuku raised his head, staring at a pair of dichromatic eyes. They were shining.
“Then let’s forget,” Shouto said with a determined look. “About the world…Just tonight. You’re no one. You’re not Izuku. You’re not Deku. You’re not Midoriya. Neither a villain, nor a hero, or in between.”
Izuku let out a bitter laugh.
“Then what am I?” he asked.
“Mine,” Shouto replied. Izuku’s ears turned red at the passionate eyes that were staring at him. “Kenopsia.”
“Uh?” Izuku asked, confused.
Shouto smiled.
“It happens when places that are usually filled with people, are empty. Your brain is trying to fill in the blank spaces from this place and, kind of, failing,” Todoroki explained. The words sounded familiar to Izuku. “Maybe this isn’t the convenience store…But we can create the feeling here.”
Something inside Izuku’s mind clicked.
The memories from the convenience store came flooding back. Tears rushed to Izuku’s face, as Shouto’s face became clearer.
The lonely boy with lost eyes that had helped him. The only hero he had left.
“May I have this dance?” Shouto asked, holding Izuku’s hand tighter.
Izuku couldn’t bring himself to do anything other than nod.
They brought their bodies together. Ochako’s lullaby danced through their minds, as they followed the pace neither knew how to follow.
They danced under the moonlight, forgetting their names. Their futures, their pasts. Nothing at all mattered.
Shouto took Izuku’s hand and spun him in his place, earning himself a laugh from the smaller one. He dipped him until his head almost reached the floor.
 Izuku stared up at him with those green eyes that reflected the moonlight. They were beautifully bright, shining with the stars in the sky. His smile; still pure and untainted. If Shouto really tried, he could count each and every freckle that rose up with Izuku’s blush.
He was breathtaking.
“I love you,” Shouto whispered. “I love you, Midoriya Izuku. More than anyone will ever be able to attest.”
“Shouto…” Izuku’s blush became deeper, as he tried to control his own breathing. “I-I…”
“Even if you ended up being a thief yourself,” Shouto said with a soft smile.
“Wha-? I’m not-”
"You stole my heart, as some would say," Shouto said, his smile turning cheeky.
Izuku blinked. Blinked again.
Then laughter filled the air.
“You’re such a sap!” Izuku said with the brightest of smiles. He cradled Shouto’s face in his hands. “I never stole your heart! That would be rude…”
“You’re right,” Shouto said, bringing them closer. He closed his eyes. “It was always yours.”
The gap between their lips closed.
The moon was the only one to witness their secret.

A knock from Mina’s window made her stand up from the bed.
She had been restless, unable to sleep. On her desk, there was a newspaper from a few days prior. A building that had collapsed. In the blurry photos that had been taken, she had been able to decipher a silhouette. Ochako’s bubbly smile from prison echoed in her memories.
She opened the window.
The night sky was clear, without a single cloud to make itself known.
“Pinky…” it was a soft voice. Mina turned to her side, to see Ochako floating with grace by its side. She was red like a tomato, which brought a pleasant smile to Mina’s face.
“Hey there you little thief…” she said with a cheeky smile. “I thought you died.”
“It takes more than a silly bomb to kill us off,” Ochako laughed. She spun in the air. “Do you think you can let me in?”
“Uhm…I dunno…” Mina faked hesitance. “A villain like you? What if you’re trying to steal from us?”
Ochako gave her a raised eyebrow with a grin.
“Baby, if I wanted to mess with the U.A. I would have done it a million other ways,” she declared. “Entering it isn’t an issue…I just wanted to see my Pinky.”
Mina laughed. She stepped away from the window.
“Come on in, you silly girl,” she said.
Ochako touched the margins of the window. She gripped them tightly and sat down on it.
“Nice room,” Ochako commented, stealing a look in. “Suits you!”
“You really can’t be coming here every time you want,” Mina said with a sigh. “You’ll get caught.”
“Aww, are you worried about me?” Ochako asked trying to tease Mina.
“As a matter of fact, I do,” she replied, crossing her arms over her chest. “You keep getting in so many troubles…I’m the one supposed to put you behind the bars, you know?”
“I could surrender right now,” Ochako offered, showing off her wrists. “Take me, oh brave hero!”
“Where’s the fun in that?” Mina laughed. With her prosthetic arm, she pushed Ochako’s wrists away. “Take care of yourself, little thief.”
Ochako smiled.
“This really would be impossible…”
“Our paths were never intertwined,” Mina said, propping herself up, so she was also sitting on the window. “I’m a hero and you’re a…”
Mina hesitated.
Ochako chuckled.
“Say it, darling,” Ochako teased. “I’m a villain. Through and through.”
“I didn’t fall in love with a villain,” Mina replied, taking Ochako’s chin in her fingertips. She lifted it up ever so slightly. “You’re more than that.”
“Well, I’m not a hero either,” Ochako gave a weak bitter laugh.
Mina’s eyebrow furrowed. Hands slid down until they were gently pressed on top of Ochako’s.
“The path is still not closed,” Mina reminded her. She tried to give her an encouraging smile, despite her broken heart. “You can still…”
“Be a hero?” she asked, looking up to the sky. The corner of her lips tugged upwards. “They have taken everything I love away from me…Mom, dad, Izuku…” She squeezed Mina’s hand. “…You.”
“Your eyes changed,” Mina said with a warm smile. Ochako turned around, to see Mina’s pink face illuminated by the moon. “Are you still loyal to your king?”
Ochako chuckled, closing her eyes.
“Always,” she replied. “He saved a lowlife like me.”
“We can save you,” Mina tried again, but her tone was faltering. She knew it was a lost fight. “You could come back.”
“Why would I ever want to come back,” Ochako said, looking up at the sky, “when he’s out there?”
“I guess this really is impossible…” Mina said with a sad smile. She tried to pull away from her hand.
Ochako held on it.
“I don’t want it to be impossible,” Ochako said. Light tears dusted her face. She locked eyes with Mina, trying her best to return the smile. “I want this to be real.”

Standing among echoing flowers that no longer recite

Ochako reached out, pulling Mina closer. She waited for her to fight away from her touch.
She didn’t.

Holding onto the idea that everything will be made right

Mina’s lips tasted like cherries. Ochako’s tasted like strawberries. Maybe it was the chapstick, or maybe their lips were just that sweet. Mina opened her mouth, letting Ochako in. They deepened the kiss, both of their eyes filling up with tears.

There’s no turning back from all of the sins that you’ve committed

They separated. Breathless as they stared at each other eyes, a small smile grew in their lips. Lips a bit swollen, pink under the stardust.
They rested their foreheads against the other, trying to fill their bodies with the warmth they would never have.

It is time you face it head on 

“I defy Heroes,” Ochako said, her words like a chant to remind her the path. She wiped away Mina’s tears with her thump. “I defy gravity and fate…”
Uravity raised her head to see Mina in the eyes, through her tears.
“I am Ochako Uraraka, The Fallen Angel,” she said with a wide smile. “If this is impossible…the I will defy it too.”
Mina gave a soft laugh.
“You little thief,” Mina said with no real bite in her words. She closed the gap again, drowning herself in Ochako’s lips.
“I love you, Mina,” Ochako breathed. Mina stilled, feeling her body flush. “Hero or villain. Good or bad. Nothing will change my feelings.”
Ochako let go and looked up to the sky.
“I-…” Mina said, also looking up at the sky. A small smile on her lips. “I guess I’ll try defying gravity.”
“I won’t be afraid of loving you, Pinky,” Ochako said. “Not ever.”
Mina laughed. Loud and happy.
“That’s the crazy girl I fell in love with,” Mina said, reaching for Ochako’s cheeks. “Once I catch you…Once you’re behind bars. Don’t think I’ll ever let you go.”
Ochako laughed too. Bliss filling her chest.
“Not if I catch you first!” she replied with a wide grin. “Wish you luck then, Pinky. You’ll need it.”
Mina grinned, “I know.”
Ochako got up and stared at the sky.
“Every time you want to see me,” Ochako said. “Look at the sky. I’m sure I’m floating out there.”
Mina wondered if that odd habit of Ochako, of looking up to the ceiling, came from that idea. That someone up there in the sky -up there in heaven- was there. And she was searching solace it in.
“Until we meet again, Hero Pinky,” Ochako said one last time with a smile.
And then she was gone.
Mina smiled. It all felt like a dream.
And maybe that’s how it should stay with everyone else. To everyone around them.
A dream. Of a little thief under the moonlight, that came to kiss Mina goodnight.

Izuku sat down on the rooftop of the same place that he had first talked with All Might. He hummed out a tune, feeling the freezing air bite down onto his bones.
The memories came rushing, filling him up to the brim. They kept coming and coming…until there was nowhere he could hide from them.
The pain from his head spread. The headaches were back.
He gripped his head with his hands, trying to ease the pain. Flashes of pain crossed the back of his eyes, as he tried to contain the bursting of knowledge.
He breathed through his nose, focusing on a single one.

‘Do you think a quirkless person…can be a hero?’

The answer.
‘No.’
He couldn’t deny it hurt but…To have your god tell shut you off…
“You were right, All Might,” Izuku sighed to the air. “I’m better off as something else.”
His job now was far more important than a hero’s. He had to make sure the world had the best heroes. If he had to corrupt himself to allow it to happen then…
Izuku stretched out his hand. Outwards, towards the sky, towards the moon. He tried to reach for something.
That something that he could never attain. A sad smile spread.
“Si Deus me relinquit…” he sang in a sour tune. He closed his fist, tears welling up in his eyes. “…Ego deum relinquo…”
Slowly, he brought his hand towards his body. It was cold from the air, scarred from the awful quirk he had been given. So ugly…It contrasted with the beauty of the moon. “Solus oppressus…”
Slowly, he opened it. Hoping maybe, just maybe, he had caught it. The secret key to becoming a hero. To turn the path and make sure everyone was safe. To keep Ochako with money, so she can survive. To get Iida to meet his brother once again. To get Toga the mental health aid she needed. To keep Chizome-san out of jail…
To get Shouto to go back to the heroes.
His palm was stretched open.
There was nothing.
Izuku smiled.
Secretly, he was glad.
If the heroes wouldn’t give him what he needed.
Then he would just have to steal it back.
And he knew exactly what to use to do so.
“…Nigram clavem habere potest…”
The biggest weapon was information. True information.
And soon, they would have it all.
Izuku would make sure to cut off Hero’s little wings, so they wouldn’t be able to escape him.
“Kaachan…” he muttered to the air with a wicked grin. “I am the one who has the black key.”
He stood up, looking through the city. It would soon turn to ashes. Civilians would be fine, or at least the greater part. It was heroes he wanted, after all.
He gave it one last smile, before disappearing into the night.
“Checkmate,” he said, as he was enveloped by darkness. “fake gods."



Chapter End Notes

SI DEUS ME RELINQUIT 

////
I wrote this entire fic with a heavy reference to god and the bible. Kind of an "everyone is a sinner" vibe. As much as the story within the fic goes, I will leave it right here. You can stop reading if you're only interested in the story presented in this fic. 
The next chapter is an epilogue of sorts, and a preface as well. I was thinking about maybe writing the third part. This was an idea I got around the first weeks I was writing the sequel. I wanted to see Izuku at his absolute worst, but couldn't picture him doing so without erasing his caretaker and loving heart. I decided to write this as an interlude, to what comes next. Adjust dynamics, tie loose ends, and give Izuku a deeper motive to what he was doing. For you to be able to witness, step by step, how exactly he got to where he is. 
Remember Me and Si Deus Me Relinquit were a...preface. For my true intentions. 
Write a Villain Deku fic...that actually has a backstory. One that, although he's wicked as can be, you understand were this comes from.
One that, if you hadn't read these two fics, you would believe is heinous and irredeemable. 
But knowing his past already...
Why would you want to read the third part?
Let's just say a little girl who likes apples will be joining the team. 
Best of wishes. 
Expect the epilogue soon.


Burn
Chapter Summary
I’m erasing myself from the narrativeLet future historians wonder how ElizaReacted when you broke her heartYou have torn it all apartI am watching itBurn
Chapter Notes
Shout out to  @papperheartt  they made this lovely drawing of Izuku from Remember Me and i completely screamed the moment i saw it!!! It's the first time i ever had fanart like this drawn out of my fanfic. It really touched my heart in ways i won't ever be able to describe. I'm so in love. Please support them, because they really made me happy as soon as i saw the image. They also inspired this chapter with their animatic for  first burn  That last scene wouldn't have occurred to me, without that animatic. Anyway, I liked how this last epilogue came out. I hope you enjoy it.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




The only sound that filled the room was the echo of the fumbling cards. The Dealer’s hands moved across the table, patiently waiting.“Happy to see your little playground is still open,” a familiar voice called. The Dealer smiled.“Hello there, Lucifer,” The Dealer greeted, as from the darkness Izuku stepped in. “King of Hell.”“Oh, you flatter me with formalities. Just Deku is alright,” Izuku said with a smile. “Besides, Lucifer wasn't even the King of Hell.”“He isn’t?” The Dealer hummed.“It was gifted to him…by god,” Izuku explained, sitting down in The Dealer’s table. “It’s a punishment for his sins, y’know? Managing the unmanageable, forfeiting the land he so desperately wanted to be a part of.”The cards shuffled again. They were spread up, then packaged in three little mounts.“By that logic, All Might gifted you the League of Villains?” The Dealer hummed in amusement. “What a kind-hearted man.”“You compare Hell to the League of Villains?” Izuku asked. Then he laughed. Hard. “Please. Those idiots barely count as purgatory.”“Then…” The Dealer asked, taking one of the mounts and shuffling again. “What’s do you count as Hell?”Izuku smirked.“I guess everything and nothing,” Izuku explained. “For now I’ll... just become the manager of all these idiotic villains.”“How noble of you,” The Dealer laughed in mockery. He spread the cards. “Pick three?”“Still that game?” Izuku asked with a raised eyebrow. “I thought I called out your bluff long ago.”The Dealer laughed. Despite this, Izuku took the cards.“Thought you’d forgotten,” he tried to defend himself. “I mean, you forgot about me last time I saw you.”“I’m assuming I don’t have to explain myself for that,” Izuku sighed. He tossed the cards to the table. “The World, The Lovers, Death. Greedy of you to try that.”“It’s in my nature,” The Dealer said with a pleased smile.“How cheap, recurring to silly games to draw out information,” Izuku said with a dismissive wave. “You throw cards into people, hoping their facial expression speak instead of words. If they flinch with the card Lovers, that means they have someone. If they flinch with Death, you can see how scared of it they are. Wide smile at The World? Greedy. Angry at the card of Fools? Prideful. You just read people and put biases on them.”“Learnt from the best,” The Dealer laughed, taking the cards. Izuku just frowned, unsure if that was a compliment or not. “How about we get down to business, then, Deku?”“We’ve been doing one since the moment I walked in,” Izuku said. The Dealer frowned. “You think all I just said was just catching up?”“Well, it is kind of worthless,” The Dealer said. “You’re just talking about yourself-““It’s more valuable than you think, Shinsou,” Izuku asked, making The Dealer flinch. Izuku grinned. “Soon the world won’t even know my name.”Shinsou looked at Izuku with a skeptical eye.“That’s why I came here to make you an offer,” Izuku said. “You can stay with that much info, and I’ll take the payment of you simply not spilling who gave it…”“Or,” Shinsou prompted, holding the cards close by.“Join me.”“Ha! Sure, right!” Shinsou fake laughed hard enough to hurt Izuku’s ear. “I work alone, Quirkless wonder.”“Yeah, I know,” Izuku spoke. “As soon as your customers agree to your question ‘Deal?’, you trap them into making you whatever favor you need or spilling whatever truth you want.”Izuku’s eyes narrowed.“That’s how you managed to trick Kaachan into destroying my home, didn’t you?”“Am I that predictable?” Shinsou asked in mockery.But instead of answering, Izuku just smiled. Sweetly and nice.Shinsou clicked his tongue. Of course, that wouldn’t work with Izuku.After a long pause -long enough for Shinsou to tire himself from trying to use it-, Izuku spoke again, “Yes.”“Fine,” Shinsou said, frowning. “What do I get if I get into your little Court, King?”Izuku sighed, muttering a small ‘stop calling me that’.“Well, more information, for starters,” Izuku said. This was what managed to catch Shinsou’s attention. “From the core. I can’t risk you leaking information. That’s why you’ll have all the access you can to it, and the will to sell it to the highest bidder-”“What’s in for you?” Shinsou asked quickly.“Who you sell it to,” Izuku smiled, “when. And for how much.”“You want information about my customers?” Shinsou asked with a smile.“And what they give you, of course,” Izuku said, taking one of the cards from his pocket. He played it around. “It serves me a lot to have you spilling certain secrets to the higher-ups. If not, how can I even expect heroes to stand a chance?”He tossed the card towards Shinsou.“However, I do expect our secrets to be worth…” Izuku said with a singing tone. “…A lot.”“If your promise of your name being erased from the Heroes data is true,” Shinsou said, looking at the card with a wicked grin. “Then I will be pleased to put the highest value in yours.”“Perfect!” Izuku said, clapping his hands. Hard. “Is it a deal then?”Shinsou stared at the hand. Then back at the card. The Devil.He laughed.“You’re fucking crazy, Midoriya Izuku,” he spoke with a cruelty behind his lips.“Deal.”
“What do you mean, someone broke into Tartarus!?” Midnight screamed, searching for the documents of the mission gone haywire in her absence. “How did anyone manage to do that!?”“No one has information about it,” Fat Gum commented. His form had been completely deflated. He shivered. “It was fast and seamless. Luckily no villain escaped.”“Why would anyone want to get into Tartarus and not release the villains?” Midnight asked, organizing the papers.“Because that was not their objective,” All Might said. He handed her a single paper. “They stole the achieve.”Midnight’s eyes went wide and snatched the paper.“No way…” she gasped.“This is not a run of the mill villain,” All Might state, looking around. “The villains released were the exact amount for us to struggle…But not enough so they’d escape.”“They didn’t want this to reach us,” Midnight spoke, holding the paper tight. “...So top heroes didn’t have to step in…”“And they could get in, steal and leave before we noticed anything,” Fat Gum intervened. “That’s an interesting tactic but…Still doesn’t explain why they would like to get into the archive…Isn’t it better to just let loose dangerous villains?”“They know how to play their cards,” Midnight said, tossing the paper into the desk. “They needed the information. Only that. The rest was probably rubble to keep us entertained.”“But if all they took was information,” Fat Gum tried to reason, as he was still a bit weak from the consuming attack. “Why worry so much?”“Because that means they’re not dangerous in a typical way,” All Might was the one to speak. “They’re smart.”Midnight punched the wall.“Very.” She glared. “Smart.”“They’re collecting information before making an attack,” All Might spoke. “If with outside information they managed to get into Tartarus-…”“With inside information, they could do anything,” Midnight finished, biting her nails. She frowned, trying to keep the anger inside her body still. “Shit.”“It feels like they’re looking down on us too,” Fat Gum sighed. “They can easily get into Tartarus, and they only stole papers.”At the words, ‘looking down on us’ a memory flashed in Midnight’s mind.
‘Not so smart against pros, are we,’ the little girl whispered, thrusting the long needle into her throat. ‘Scared now?’
Her eyes widened.“Where are the Hero Lover’s archives hidden?” she asked, getting up suddenly.“Ah,” Fat Gum thought out loud. “Wasn’t it in the previous prison they ended up in? We didn’t have copies, so you’d have to go there and-”“Rush there!” she screamed out of the nowhere, feeling the blood in her veins rise. “We need those archives!”
They stood before the empty cabinets of the prison. Among the scattered papers, All Might could see the last bits of hope escape through her fingers.“What does this mean?” Eraserhead asked, picking up a single piece of paper at his feet. There probably about ten others in the room. But they’d all probably amount to nothing either way. “Did we at least make copies?”“They have them for high profile villains,” All Might said, still unsure on how to react. Midnight by his side cursed. “But since they were kids…”“Those aren’t kids anymore, All Might,” Eraserhead said with a sigh. The paper in his hands was barely recognizable. “They’re villains.”“I still think that-”“You can save them?” Eraserhead asked with a raised eyebrow. “They’re plenty powerful already. If you underestimate them even the slightest bit…”He pushed the paper into All Might’s chest.“You’ll get burnt.”All Might took the picture in his hands. He stared at it with uncomfortable eyes.“But I’m-”“You were the symbol of peace,” Eraserhead sighed. “You’re too weak to do anything. Leave it to Lemillion.”“Leave this mess to the next generation?” All Might asked. His scrawny body deteriorated due to the time. “Why should they clean up our mess?”“It’s their mess too,” Eraserhead replied.“They had no say in this,” All Might tried again. “They weren’t the ones to…”He stared at the familiar pair of green eyes and messy curly hair.They weren’t the ones to fail them, was left unsaid.“We got information,” Midnight said with a sigh, stepping in with several pieces of paper. “Numbers, at the very least.”“Where did you find it?” Eraserhead asked with a raised eyebrow.“Not important,” Midnight replied with strained eyes. Her tone indicated to drop the subject immediately. Aizawa did as much. “According to it…It was a coordinated group attack. There were about five people creating the diversion in Tartarus…And two managed to break in a steal info.”“A ruse within a ruse,” Eraserhead commented, looking towards the empty cabinets. “Whoever we are up against…”“They are not normal villains,” Midnight said, eyes narrowing at the sight. “I have a fair idea of who they are.”“We all do,” Eraserhead replied. “But there’s no solid evidence…Didn’t the informant say anything else?”Midnight scoffed.“Something stupid about a King,” she said with a glare. “The King of Hell is playing you on the palm of his hand, they said.”“Well, we have a number and a name, then,” Eraserhead replied. “The King of Hell and his little court of miracles.”All Might pretended to listen to all of this.But his eyes couldn’t stop scanning the picture of the boy who had been declared dead last year.What kind of hero was he?He couldn’t even save a single kid.How did he expect to save the rest?
Izuku sat at the top of the rooftop, letting the air hit his face. He smiled, as he felt a presence near him.“Shinsou-kun,” he said in a singing tone, not bothering to open his eyes. “What happened?”“Midnight came,” Shinsou replied. He dropped the case files to Izuku’s side. “Lemillion’s school data.”“What did you give her?” Izuku asked, popping an eye open.Shinsou shrugged.“A number and a hint,” Shinsou replied with a shrug. “To her, it seemed like this information was as worthless as that.”“She either underestimates Mirio-san,” Izuku said, picking up the classified information. “Or is really at lost of what to search for.”“You really think all of this is important?” Shinsou asked, slightly tilting his head. “Those files seem pretty useless.”“Shinsou-kun, that’s why you only collect data,” Izuku gave a tiny laugh as he scanned through it. “This…is more than you could ever begin to imagine.”Izuku smiled as he analyzed the graphs. The date on which Lemillion’s abilities skyrocketed…The day he met All Might…It all matched up.“Also, got to sneak these out,” he handed Izuku the last of the Hero Lover’s file. “You owe me big time.”Izuku took it. Gladly.“You know anything you want, you can ask.” Izuku smiled.“I’ll hold you to that,” Shinsou laughed. “See ya later, King!”Izuku smiled as he heard the clicking of Shinsou’s footsteps.When he was finally gone, Izuku sighed.“All Might…” he said, staring at Lemillion’s data. His eyes narrowed. “If what I know is really true…If what Kaachan told Shinsou is true…”He stood up.In the corner of the rooftop, a small fire burnt.The files of the Hero Lovers felt like heavy metal in his hands. He took a quick glance at it.A smile full of nostalgia filled him.Photos and notes. He had copied most of the necessary things in his current notebooks. The ones he held on to dear life.He bit his lip.This life…he didn’t want to forget it. He didn’t want for it to disappear.The last shred of his humanity…“No one can know…” he said, tears rolling down his cheeks. He gently tossed it into the fire, watching the flames engulf it.His eyes landed on his notebook.No.13He took it in his hands.Kaachan…“You know, Kaachan,” Izuku laughed bitterly. “Uraraka never really liked you. Not even back then…when it was just us three. She thought you were really selfish.”He tore the first page up. The sound it made as it was ripped, broke Izuku’s heart.This was…“I didn’t want to listen,” he continued. His hands were trembling as he forced himself to move. It was as if his soul was the one burning when he threw into the fire. “You were my hero…Of course, she also said heroes were awful…I never realized how right she was! About everything! Heroes failed us…” Izuku glared at the flames. “…and you failed me.”Despite how much it hurt, Izuku didn’t stop. He tore the next page. Everything was aching. His heartbreaking in too, his soul poisoned, throat closing up.“I kept this…” Izuku said as he fought back the tears. “Because I thought…One day I could become like you! That we would meet again, that it would be beautiful, and you and I would be-…But that was all just that. A dream…And I need to wake up!”Another page, and another, and another…They were all burning.Along with every single page in the archives that ever had the pleasure of having Izuku’s name on it.“I can’t let them know,” Izuku muttered, deep in thought. “I can’t ever let them know…I existed!”He tore them. Bent the notebook. Destroyed it. Pages and pages were floating, being dragged into the pits of the fire.“I’m burning everything,” Izuku whispered to himself. The images stared at him accusingly. Heroes, knowing his secrets as he burns it all. “I’m erasing everything! I’ll make them forget me!”Izuku stopped.
All Might’s autograph…
He frowned, bit his lips.He couldn’t half-ass this. He couldn’t…Hands trembled as he tore the pages up.All Might…I’m sorry.“Stand back, Hero word!” he shouted on top of his lungs. The tears wouldn’t stop flowing down his face. Images of Kaachan flashed before his eyes as he thought of everything. “Watch as I burn it all! All the evidence, all your clues!”
Come with me, Deku!
 “Don’t!” Izuku shouted back. He tossed the paper into the fire. “Don’t try to make a fool out of me! This is my path! This is where I’m meant to be!”Someone like me…Someone so corrupted…Izuku’s eyes couldn’t stop staring at All Might’s autograph. It was…almost gone.His body moved before he himself could.He tried to reach out for it.A screech of pain tore his throat. His hand was aching, as he curled on the floor in pain.Through hazy eyes, he saw how All Might’s autograph completely turned to ashes.The rest of the notebook…He threw it too.He propped himself against the walls of the rooftop, watching them burn.“I saved everything into those journals,” he told himself. “I really thought I could become a hero…record it to history maybe?”He let out a bitter laugh.“But me? Someone so fucked up? A hero?” he asked to the air. He looked at his charred hand. It hurt so much… “I’m nothing more than a fuck up. I half ass hero, and I half-ass villain…I’m nothing.”He went to seek solace to the moon. It was, however, gone as soon as he looked up. Even the moon left him, huh.His eyes went back to the fire.“I’m nothing,” he repeated.The crackle of the fire echoed in his mind.A shaky smile spread through his face. Tears welled up once again.Something, akin to the mixture of a laugh and a sob, escaped him.“I’m nothing!” Izuku shouted. His laugh was intermixed with sobbing. It was a pitiful sound. “I’m really nothing!”“But…If the hero world really wants to forget I exist,” Izuku whispered. “Then I will.”Everything was burning.“I’m erasing myself from this world,” he said with a sad smile. “Today, Izuku Midoriya dies.”He kissed his hand.“Lucifer, King of Hell,” he hummed Shinsou’s words. They floated in the back of his mind. “The Villain Deku is born today.”If I have to burn the world so it will become a better place…Then it’s okay, All Might.Deku will become the Lucifer. I will create a world of chaos. A world where your pretty little masterpiece will shine.“But, All Might,” Izuku said, feeling his eyes tired. “Remember…If God has forsaken me…Then I shall forsake god too.”Don’t attempt to ask for pity. I won’t go easy on you, fake gods.“All Might,” his voice was almost lost. Too small, too tired. It was a desperate call for help, that went unheard.I will make this world, one where your precious little Mirio will shine brighter than the stars. He’ll save a million because I will be the one to hurt them.So really, All Might…“Never fear…” Izuku closed his eyes with a tender smile. “…For I am here.” 



Chapter End Notes
Thank you to all of those who stick with me. I'm glad to be able to write this. It lets me blow off a lot of steam and it's a great excuse to just-...do what i want.This last chapter is a bit of the taste you'll get for the next series. I'm planning on focusing a bit more on All Might and Deku's...strange relationship. I feel like it's the one part that it still needs to be addressed. The last thread hanging, if you will. That, and out little special lady.@stardustizuku is my username in tumblr btw. I'm working on a little something to promote the new series, so i should be uploading it soon there !EDIT: Tumblr finally let me upload it. 
 Here 




Afterword


End Notes
I know it's kind of short but the rest won't be. A lot of people wanted to know what happened after Deku died, so I guessed, why not continue their story?


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



