



slow and steadyas my - asters - Mo Dao Zu Shi - Mo Xiang
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

slow and steady(as my heart aches for yours)
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/20101546.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
魔道祖师 - 墨香铜臭 | Módào Zǔshī - Mòxiāng Tóngxiù
Relationship:
Lán Zhàn | Lán Wàngjī/Wèi Yīng | Wèi Wúxiàn
Character:
Lán Zhàn | Lán Wàngjī, Wèi Yīng | Wèi Wúxiàn, Jiāng Chéng | Jiāng Wǎnyín, Lán Huàn | Lán Xīchén
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting, Alternate Universe - College/University, Future Fic, Fake/Pretend Relationship, Pining, Sloppy Makeouts
Stats:

        Published: 2019-08-04
        Words: 8509
      

slow and steady(as my heart aches for yours)
by asters (mirabilis)
Summary
“So let me get this straight, you’re going to ask Lan Wangji to be your boyfriend for Jin Ling’s birthday party because?...” he trailed off, and Wei Wuxian rubs his forehead tenderly, ignoring the rude glares coming from across the coffee shop. This would be the third time he’s been almost kicked out (not that he’s counting). Nodding along, “because I need your mother to stop bothering so much about dating.” then pauses, “and I thought it would be fun.” he adds slyly. Jiang Cheng’s eyes roll greatly, possibly to the ends of the earth to Wei Wuxian’s explanation. “You want Lan Wangji to pretend to be your boyfriend to impress my parents, then dump him after less than twenty-four hours.” Jiang Cheng says flatly. (Or: Wei Wuxian needs a favor, and asks Lan Wangji. But it's different from the others and something unexpected comes out of it, and a whole lot of suffering and pining comes with it)
Notes
me writing and planning this fic:me: I NEED TO WRITE A FAKE DATING AUalso me: ONLY 6K at mostLittle did i know.....i hope you guys enjoy this, i've really wanted to write this au for quite some time

          See the end of the work for more notes




slow and steady(as my heart aches for yours)

It’s not Wei Wuxian’s fault.He senses he’s been saying that often. More often than necessary actually. Okay, perhaps this whole mishap was his fault, then what of it? It began as a disaster then evolved into an even bigger disaster and he dragged the only person he could trust in the situation. It was sensible in his eyes, to ask for help from the one person who understood him.But now, as he’s reviewing and analyzing the situation he realizes how horrible of a mistake he’s made. As he’s sitting across from Jiang Cheng, the blinds pulled up from the window seat they’ve chosen this time. He’s seated with legs crossed because he likes to pretend he’s angry at Wei Wuxian. Understandable, if he was in Jiang Cheng’s position he’d be angry with himself. No, aggravated and extremely confused. But… he wasn’t able to take him seriously, cobalt eyes turned upward in disgust, and perpetual irritation. Wei Wuxian gets that a lot these days.“I’m sorry but could you please explain it to me one more time? I can’t seem to sink in your stupidity,” he says, shaking his head while gripping too hard on his iced coffee. The coffee Wei Wuxian bought for him, with his own hard worked money.Drastically huffing, he sits up. “Jiang Cheng, how many times do I have to repeat myself for you to listen to my master plan?”Tethering the plastic straw wrapper once on the table, Jiang Cheng coils it and crumbles it in his hands before throwing the wad. Landing accurately at Wei Wuxian, he jumps back. His chair nearly tips 360°, as he horrifically clocks his head against the unoccupied table behind him.“So let me get this straight, you’re going to ask Lan Wangji to be your boyfriend for Jin Ling’s birthday party because?...” he trailed off, and Wei Wuxian rubs his forehead tenderly, ignoring the rude glares coming from across the coffee shop. This would be the third time he’s been almost kicked out (not that he’s counting).Nodding along, “because I need your mother to stop bothering so much about dating.” then pauses, “and I thought it would be fun.” he adds slyly. Jiang Cheng’s eyes roll greatly, possibly to the ends of the earth to Wei Wuxian’s explanation.“You want Lan Wangji to pretend to be your boyfriend to impress my parents, then dump him after less than twenty-four hours.” Jiang Cheng says flatly.Wei Wuxian winces, geesh, he didn’t have to put it like that. But, that was basically the idea. “You make me sound like a horrible person! I’ll have you know that I’m a perfect gentleman!” he proudly stabs his thumb at his chest, almost remembering that his coffee in the other hand and carefully sets it down.He snorts, “how do you know Lan Wangji is going to agree with this-?” he gestures inarticulately, and Wei Wuxian juts out his chin, clicking his fingers to the table for a split second. Then says, “it’s a simple favor, of course, he’ll agree to help a friend out.”It was a favor, right? Lan Wangji helping him out, he’s been like that for years. Dishing out requests, asking for help. That’s always how it’s been since they were kids, Wei Wuxian and his favors with Lan Wangji on the side complying without question. He’s never refused or spoke up so he assumed Lan Wangji didn’t have a problem. But that’s always been Lan Wangji’s personality. Minimal close to sounding wordless in his speech, and when he does decide to speak it’s usually punctual and straightforward.Was he using him? Now that’s debatable, but in his eyes, it’s his childhood friend helping him out with another favor. Only this favor was different than the others and Wei Wuxian was fearful that he might refuse.“He’s never refused me before, this is quite simple.” He twirls his empty plastic cup in his hands, and Jiang Cheng sighs heavily. Wei Wuixan’s been also receiving those a lot too these days.“You dumbass, this isn’t as simple as you think. Would if you catch feelings? Or he does? You shouldn’t play with other people’s feelings.” Jiang Cheng says, massaging his temples severally. His voice was calmer, more serious.Wei Wuxian pats his brother sorrowfully, adding in a smirk to lighten the mood. “A-Cheng, since when have you been the responsible one in the family?” he’s about to continue but notices the bubbling vein comes from Jiang Cheng’s forehead and scoots back in his seat. “Fine, I promise not to break his heart.” he coughs, making his voice extra sugary and sweet.His words don’t help the expanding forehead wrinkle and outrageous scowl but he does seem satisfied towards Wei Wuxian’s answer. Grinning merrily, he chomps on the sticky rice cakes he ordered extra for. From the corner of his eye, he notes Jiang Cheng suspiciously staring at him. With his mouth full of rice, dips his forehead up to seek out what Jiang Cheng wanted.“A-Cheng, if you keep looking so frowny then you’ll grow wrinkles!”Jiang Cheng snaps his head sideways before grazing past Wei Wuxian, curling his lip he grimaces, “be quiet!”Lying back against the chair gracefully unlike the previous forced attempt as the chair thumps he turns his attention to the outside world. It’s perfectly sunny, to his disappointment. He prefers colder days, filled with gentle memories and tethered beginnings. But those are in his past, and he smirks awarely. At noon, the sidewalks of the campus are packed. He can feel the warmth coming from beyond the glass windows, aside from the furnished air-condition breezing lightly adjacent to his feet.Both him and Jiang Cheng are free from their afternoon classes, being excused due to a repair in the classroom. Others walk freely, few couples strolling leisurely, fingers clasped tightly as they walk.
Is that what I and Lan Wangji would look like?
Wei Wuxian ponders, mind dancing along briskly towards the thought. Take the scenario and chance that Lan Wanji does agree, what would happen next? They’d have to pose as a real campus couple, no doubt rumors would spread. Majority speculating around himself, hence nothing new. But he wonders how’s Lan Wangji react. He’s never been expressive or forthcoming on what’s stirring in his mind but can read Wei Wuxian like an open book.Well almost.He can be the densest person in the room while actually intuitive simultaneously. Lan Wangji works in mysterious ways to Wei Wuxian. But that’s why he’s been stuck to his side forever, for as long as he could remember. This should be too hard, as he reminiscing over his plan. Wei Wuxian wasn’t known to be overly wary, but in this case, he was freaking out. All he had to do was ask Lan Wangji to do this one favor, maybe deal in this would be the last one. Would that convince himself? Or Lan Wangji?Far away, walking from the main campus, he spots a familiar figure. He frowns helplessly, trying extremely hard to suppress his incoming laugh. Wei Wuxian’s teases him relentlessly about his posture, narrow and uncrooked. Ever since they were children, he’s always walked that way. Elegantly, head held high, not conceited but composed and collected. Long flowing black mane tied in a single ponytail, pieces kept and it framed nicely around his forehead. He could shave his head and he’d still look good (but Lan Wangji would probably kill him so he’ll keep his hands out his hair for now).His bangs are curtains to hide away his rich golden eyes that seem to be covered constantly. Wei Wuxian insisted he gets a haircut or wears a clip to hold his bangs back. Only recently does he get to witness his hair fully pulled back, when they’re studying? Or Lan Wangji studying while Wei Wuxian deviates as ‘moral support’.It’s hotter than usual, but he wears an off white turtleneck paler to his slender neck, and bag bumping into his hip as Wei Wuxian watches him walk by. Right now would be the perfect opportunity, when he’s caught off guard. He’d be bewildered that have no other choice but to say yes. Or give Wei Wuxian the casual glance over that he’s become accustomed to.He sees Lan Wangji’s eyes shift to the coffee shop where he sat, and he waves wildly, flapping his arms boisterously, hoping to catch his attention. Unfortunately, in his case, Lan Wangji turns the other way, disappearing into the corner. He’s pretty sure he was seen but ignored. It’s fine, he can catch him any other time. Jiang Cheng kicks his shin under the table, and Wei Wuxian rubbed his sore knee, whining mournfully. “Stop bullying the weak Jiang Cheng, when Shijie hears of this she’ll be sure to take my side!”Jiang Cheng clicks his tongue, and with an exasperated sigh he replies, “she doesn’t have time for your childish antics. The last thing she needs is another child to take care of.”Pulling his knee into his lap, he eases himself back onto the table. Ignoring him, he declares, “Shijie loves me, I’m her favorite brother after all.” enjoying seeing Jiang Cheng’s face tear apart, as he scoffs. Knocking a punch swiftly to Wei Wuxian’s shoulder.“I doubt that after you ruined Jin Ling’s last birthday, I’m surprised you’re even invited this year.” lips twisted, as he digs into the deep pockets of his jacket and pulls out his phone. “The next classes are about to start, get your ass up Wei Wuxian.” standing up, Jiang Cheng announces.“But I don’t want to go to Professor Lan’s class.” he moans, slouching his head to the table, wailing loudly.“I’ll treat you to HongShao Rou later if you don’t make us late again.” he sighs reluctant, and Wei Wuxian grins, sprinting out of his chair to throw his cup away, before joining Jiang Cheng.“Can we get it extra spicy today?”Wrinkling his nose, he shrugs him off. “Fuck no, I don’t plan on burning my insides today.”“Jiang Cheng! Don’t leave me!” he pleads, chasing him from behind.Asking Lan Wangji is going to be easy, he thinks. All he has to do now is wait for the perfect moment and hope the rest will come with ease.* Wei Wuxian is wrong, dreadful and terribly wrong. His plan is delayed after he’s pulled aside by Professor Lan for neglecting his assignments and playing around with Nie Huaisang during lectures. Not wanting to get into any further trouble, he listens to him rant about the principles and standards of the university, all going in one ear and out the other. Once he finishes, Wei Wuxian grabs his bags, ignoring Professor’s enraged shout, “don’t run around campus Wei Ying!”“Sorry Professor Lan!” jumping past the railing, his agility keeping him surefooted and steady. He runs past the main office, and out the Literature building. They were in the same department but often had different schedules later in the evening. The class extending later than usual, he’s running late.Bumping into a student, he profusely apologizes before speeding off, but the library wasn’t going anywhere and neither was Lan Wangji. He’s memorized his schedule already(Lan Wangji doesn’t know this of course). He’s been to the library during his spare time, not to study but to accompany his friends.Wei Wuxian simply does not study.He parades through the doors, panting out of breath. Clutching his chest to regain his breath, he wipes the sweat from his forehead before entering further. Clearly, his entrance did not go unnoticed as multiple students turn to give them a mild glare. Ducking his head bashfully, he steers through the rows of tables. His heart quickens, jumping up at his throat threatening as he holds back at the sight of Lan Wangji. Seated taunt in his chair, legs folded from beneath, he rigidly writes into his notebook.Wei Wuxian adverts to the minor details. Almost choosing to kick back and stalk him from behind the bookshelf, as Lan Wangji self consciously twirls a strand of cascading strand behind his ears. It’s a slight, serene movement but Wei Wuxian captures it all.Finding it better to reveal himself, because is not a creepy stalker and he moves aside. “Lan Wangji!” He says, voice carrying more than he anticipated. Oops.Lan Wangji looks up with those unreadable golden eyes. They absorb Wei Wuxian with no recognition or solitude and Wei Wuxian is unfazed by the typical welcoming. “Lan Wangji, good thing I ran into you, I need to ask you something.” He tries again. The grip on the pen he holds in his right hand tightens and he softens his voice, “Lan Zhan, I have a favor to ask of you.”The tension in his fist relaxes and Wei Wuxian seizes the opportunity. Sliding in the chair, he flips it around. Resting his elbows on the top of the seat back, he focuses him on Lan Wangji. His eyes skirt briefly hastily, mumbling, “mhm.”Normally, he would banter with him about his one-sided response, but Wei Wuxian came here with a purpose, and he has to ask for his sake. “You know how Jin Ling’s birthday is coming up on Saturday? Well, I need a favor.” His voice dips, and he coughs, covering his face while glancing peevishly at Lan Wangji.Nothing.He presses on, “Jiang Cheng’s mother has been pushing me about dating, and well I told her I was dating someone.”In return, Lan Wangji whips his head up, finally meeting Wei Wuxian’s eyes. “But you’re not-“ he stops and then frowns. “Dating someone.” Wrinkles spread through his smooth skin.“Exactly. I need you to pretend to be my boyfriend. You’ve met Jiang Cheng’s parents a couple of times and they loved you. All you have to do is come with me, act and put a facade that we’re actually dating for the rest of the world to see.” He finalizes, feeling his throat wobble as he crookedly smiles.When Lan Wangji doesn’t respond, Wei Wuxian pales. He hasn’t exactly come out to anyone yet, not even Jiang Cheng’s informed of the true intentions behind this proposition. Though his face is indistinguishable, he can see the cracks in his expression. Maybe Wei Wuxian asked too much of him?Hiding his minimal disappointment, he laughs. “I know this is asking too much, you can refuse”-“I agree.”“I won’t be hurt Lan Zhan- wait what did you say?” He straightens, slapping his hands to the table and inept to contain his excitement(or relief).“I agree.”Rushing to stand, he clamps Lan Wangji’s shoulder disregarding his dislike for contact as he grins unbelievably wide. He felt light-headed: probably the rush from getting up too fast. “That’s great! I’ll just..” he lets go, and says, “text me later and we can meet up to discuss.. the details.” Gulping feverishly, he sidesteps out of his spot.“Mhm.” He answers. Sighing heavily, Wei Wuxian leaves. At least he agreed.As he passed by, the dirty looks come his way and he flippantly ignores them. He’s giddy with overwhelming relief. Heartbeat pulsing, he’s racing with adrenaline. Was it from the jog to reach the library or his heart straying beyond his mind? Wei Wuxian fidgets where he stood, fingers flimsy to reach over retrieve his phone. There are a few missing messages from Jiang Cheng, 6:30?, it reads and he tilts his head back relishing the cool air around him before rapidly typing back.Yup! Wei Wuxian’s jitters have begun to cool down, as he makes progress to continue outside of the library doors. Earning a nasty glare from the librarian on his way out, he graciously winks.* The next day, Wei Wuxian is resting on top of the bench table posed in the front lawns of the university. There’s no rule against how he should sit, but the scolding judgment seering his way from Lan Wangji declares exactly what he’s thinking. Folding his legs he sucks on the lollipop tenaciously, studying Lan Wangji as he sits across him.“Lan Zhan, say something! You’re being awfully quiet over there!” he chides, and Lan Wangji grunts. They’d chosen to meet up during lunch so they could come up with a plan( Wei Wuxian texted him first, and Lan Wangji responded with Ok). Now they sit together complying a strategy on how to tackle Saturday.So far, it’s been a bit slow.“Lan Zhan are you even listening?” he pushes, bumping his nose, and Lan Wangji recoils, piercing lips towards Wei Wuxian.“I am.” comes the minuscule reply and Wei Wuxian snorts, doubling up in laughter.Wiping the trickling tear down his cheek, he sits up. “Fine, fine whatever you say Lan Zhan.” an idea pops into his head and he grabs Lan Wangji’s open notebook, pages spread out and written with black ink and neat calligraphy. Gold meets quicksilver in a flash and a hand stretches to redeem the stolen item. “Can I borrow this?” and without wasting time to hear his next words, he rips a new clean page far away from his already filled pages.The cut is clean and Lan Wangji turns ghostly pale, and his eyes slender and he snatches the loose notebook from Wei Wuxian’s hands. “Wei Ying!”Luckily he doesn’t have to experience his head pop off any further as he wiggles around to rediscover the extra pen lying in his backpack, good thing he brought it today. “It’s a small rip, barely visible. Anyway, I was thinking of setting some rules as a sort of guidelines to help us until Saturday.”“Rules?”He nods, whipping open the cap of the pen and scribbles with his cursive handwriting, it’s illegible. In slanted Hanzi, he writes Wei Ying and Lan Wangji’s rules. “We can use them to remind us what we can do without being too uncomfortable but credible enough so my parents can buy it.”Scrutinizing, Lan Wangji makes no additional comment and he moves forward. “First, hand-holding. Whenever we’re around people that’s mandatory.” shedding a second to look up at him, he remembers his distaste to others touching him. Maybe that’s too much but not as bad as others he had in mind. “Is that ok? We can do other things to your pace but-”“It’s fine, I don’t mind.” Lan Wangji murmurs, and Wei Wuxian gratefully smiles, “when it’s just us, we can be our normal selves.”It’s silent communication, lacking the ability to hear him speak, Wei Wuxian can read his gestures. His modesty has become understandable throughout the years. When they were children, summers consisted of frustration over their one-sided conversation but even today it’s still the same winding circle. Wei Wuxian carries on with the list, bouncing from hand holding to hugging.“No.”Wei Wuxian frowns, “but I always hug you, why is this any different?”Lan Wangji unfolds a box of steamed dumplings, as he gets a whiff his mouth waters, smelling the spicy ground pork inside. “Because it won’t be as convincing when you do it.”That makes sense he supposes. He’s been hugging, clinging onto him forever. Jiang Cheng's mother would find the behavior no different as before. They’ve been partners, friends since their early teens meaning any regular gesticulations become discreet to his family. He needs to assure that everything they do is plausible and pleases the crowd. But Lan Wangji has never been one for PDA or any endearing actions on his part. That might be trouble in the future but currently, it’s a problem that can be handled later.“Alright then, what about kissing?” he asks, note full of how his voice quivers when he says it. Shaking his head, he wards off the persistent feeling banging against his heart before saying, “never mind, it’s not necessary. We can do whatever you feel comfortable with.”“Wei Ying, I’m fine with anything, this is me completing the favor.” Lan Wangji affirmed.He beams, jotting down the closing statement before signing his name. “Now it's your turn to sign!”Blankly, he replies, “why do I need to sign?”“Lan Zhan, think of it more as a contract, or business partners! It’s just another favor, right? This will make the transaction smoother for both of us.” he chirps. He was an idiot, a contract? Business partner? Jiang Cheng was right, Wei Wuxian was definitely an idiot.Lan Wangji nods, their hands scramble to push the pen into his grasp. They’re warm and soft, unlike Wei Wuxian’s scrapped and beaten from the years of accidents and horseplay with Jiang Cheng. Jerking back, he lets him sign peacefully. Calligraphy flawless compared to Wei Wuxian. After, he folds it carefully, “I’ll be holding onto this for now, are you excited, Lan Zhan?”“Mhm.” and Wei Wuxian pouts, unsatisfied by his half-ass answer, jumping off the table, he’s about to tease him when he hears his voice being called in the distance. Crossing the lawn was his brother and Nie Huaisang, “Wei Wuxian!” he yelled from afar.This was a good chance to test the waters, and he grabs a hold of Lan Wangji’s wrist, tugging him close. “Let’s give it a try. Go along with me okay?” he whispers, not waiting for Lan Wangji to give confirmation.“What stunt are you trying to rope Lan Wangji into this time?” Jiang Cheng retorts, and Nie Huaisang giggles, flapping his trademark fan along his face in failing to curb his own laughter.“We have an announcement to make!” he declares, holding tight to his palm. Jiang Cheng stares at him with repulsiveness and crosses his arms unamused. “Lan Zhan and I are dating!” the lawn wasn’t too spacious but Wei Wuxian wasn’t being mindful of the crowd around. He’s pretty sure others heard but oh well….The chain reaction follows Jiang Cheng’s face immerses into surprise, possibly distorting into shock before returning to it’s resting bitch face(or that’s what Wei Wuxian likes to call it).Nie Huaisang’s cheeks split into a joyous smile, “congratulations you two, I didn’t think Wei Wuxian had the guts to conf-Ouch!” he stumbles as Jiang Cheng rams his hand straight to Nie Huaisang’s diaphragm.“You better not fuck this up Wei Wuxian,” he warns.“Jiang Cheng, aren’t you the doting mother?” he teases, wondering when Lan Wangji plans on letting go, but he’s beside him, his body warm and cozy.“Wei Ying, your next class is soon. Allow me to walk you there.” Lan Wangji interrupts managing hull everything into his own bag and nods back at them both.Thankful for the chance to escape their clutches, he yanks Lan Wangji along. “I’ll be walking with Lan Zhan today, see you later!” he stammers, heaving him harder until they’re a good distance away.His heart is thumping, the sound swells inside his ears, this is the second time in a row that it’s occurred. But at least they’ve avoided Jiang Cheng, or now he’s sure the news will spread among his family and that’ll save him from the hardest part.Panting, he smiles broadly, resuming to Lan Wangji. “Good job, if we keep this up then Saturday will be no trouble.”Only the troubles in his heart won’t stop and he swallows the bitter taste down his throat.“Lan Zhan, can I have a dumpling? I’m starving.”This was going to be easy.* Apparently, nothing is easy in life, according to Wei Wuxian. When he receives a call, instead of a text from Lan Wangji, three days later. He was right, the days have blasted past them and today was Friday. He’d planned on sitting around the dorm campus with Jiang Cheng and Nie Huaisang to play video games. But instead, he’s answering his call, intrigued by the sudden change. The week has been smooth for the considerable majority of the time. Both he and Lan Wangji kept to the list of rules, scratch that, Lan Wangji abided by them solemnly.The matter was gentleman-like and polite, they stuck to the rules. Mostly holding hands around campus, sometimes while they’re eating lunch together Lan Wangji develops a habit of brushing the fallen bangs that dangle from his face. At first, it’s odd that he would show such endearment or affection. Slowly, Wei Wuxian realizes that he has his own ways of expressing himself. Projecting his own beliefs and thoughts that he could barely catch. In these few, limited days, Wei Wuxian has learned more about Lan Wangji than he has in the whole ten years of knowing him. He’s been dating him for a week yet it feels like a month or a year.Wait, they’re not dating though. Wei Wuxian has only engrossed the image, twisting and churning the burn into his heart. What was that feeling? On the positive side, this could be beneficial for both of them, when Lan Wangji does date someone. He doubts he’s straight, yet he effortlessly agreed to his favor. Or maybe he pitied Wei Wuxian’s situation? Lan Wangji was a puzzle that he struggles to piece together, mysterious and closed-off to him. Seeing Lan Wangji with someone else, someone other than Wei Wuxian, the pain ripples in his chest.He picks up the phone after the third ring, as it clicks. “Lan Zhan, it’s not every day that you call,” he observes, the shuffling noise in his background, it’s probably one of his rabbits in their cages.“Brother has offered to meet up tonight, I’ve sent the address already.” Lan Wangji says, and a second later another buzz alerts him of location unrecognizable to Wei Wuxian.Biting his lip, he stutters, “wait, tonight? But we haven’t prepared or made plans to-” he nervously, he kneads the phone between his index finger, stomaching the hollow pit lying awake inside of him. “Are you okay with this Lan Zhan?”“I’m sure my brother’s heard the news, I assume you want to handle it.” Lan Xichen’s perceptive if he’s not cautious and accidentally slip up, their facade is ruined. But if he and Lan Wangji are able to convince and master tonight then tomorrow would truly be a piece of cake.“What time should I come?”He can hear his knitted brows dig into his forehead and stifles his giggle, as Lan Wangji states, “eight o’clock, but I’ll come and pick you up, of course.”“No need Lan Zhan the address isn’t too far away from my apartment, I’ll see you tonight.”Lan Wangji is the first to hang up, and the line goes dead.Wei Wuxian sits in his bed, staring distantly at the cracked ceiling. Neither Jiang Cheng or he has had time or energy for repairs and he trails the single wavering line leading to the other side of the room. Jiang Cheng pops his head from the kitchen, hands dug into a bag of potato chips.“What was that all about? Lan Wangji rarely calls.”Rising, he sneaks around to steal a chip from inside. “Lan Xichen asked to meet us for dinner, why can’t it be the weekend already?” he wistfully sighed, leaning against the doorframe of his bedroom.“Because you’re stupid and bite off more than you chew. I told you this was a bad idea.” Jiang Cheng chastised, wrenching the bag out of Wei Wuxian’s worming grasp.“Blah, blah, blah, I can’t hear you!” he hums, slamming the door to the bedroom and flops back onto his mattresses, it creaks when he bounces.He pulls up the restaurant location on it’s near the campus and close to his apartment which is convenient. He’s never heard, considering he’s dragged both Jiang Cheng and Lan Wangji for taste testing to almost every restaurant along downtown Shanghai. It seems fancier, more conservative and he curses at his wardrobe. He has to have something decent besides jeans and bomber jackets. No doubt that Lan Wangji will arrive pristine and clean, it’s in his nature.An hour later, it’s close to the time they’re supposed to meet up and only now has Wei Wuxian found an adequate outfit. The white button-up is smaller than he expected, buried in the back of his closet. He steals his jacket in case the weather turns sour. The apartment is empty, meaning he has to take his keys with him. Jiang Cheng left a while ago to buy extra last-minute presents for Jin Ling because the kid isn’t spoiled enough by his uncle.Outside is lukewarm, and keeps his jacket tucked under his elbow as he walks. He texts Lan Wangji that he's on his way. The walk is short, as he turns the corner and crosses the street. waiting for him steps away from the restaurant doors was Lan Wangji. Dressed just as he predicted, Wei Wuxian forces himself to stray his eyes away from his black collar shirt, unbuttoned to the top and he suspects that was Lan Xichen’s doing. Slacks that hug his thighs, and he has to pinch himself twice for ogling too hard.This was bad, very bad for Wei Wuxian’s sanity and patience.“I hope I dressed properly, I didn’t think Brother Lan would choose such an expensive place.” he greets, inclining his head in his direction and Lan Xichen smiles kindly.“It’s my treat, and Lan Wangji was the one who recommended we try this place.” he bows his head, flickering a glittering smile at Lan Wangji.“We should go inside, it’s getting colder.”On the way inside, he hugs onto Lan Wangji’s bicep, whispering into his ear, “you didn’t tell him anything right?” and he shakes his head, as Lan Xichen speaks to the escort. “I did not, Brother doesn’t suspect anything.” his voice soft and melts and his breath tickling hotly against the shell of his ear.He’s following Lan Xichen as they’re lead to a private off-screen room. He sits down on the roomy pillow next to Lan Wangji, when he extends his hand to help down, Wei Wuxian accepts. This is all part of the charade, impressing Lan Xichen. “What a kind boyfriend you are Lan Zhan.” he drawls, peering at Lan Xichen but he’s examining the beverage list as the waitress opens the glassy screen.“Would you like to see tonight’s wine specials?” she asks, and Wei Wuxian licks his lips ready to peel open the menu but Lan Wangji’s grip on his elbow halts him.“The birthday party is tomorrow Wei Ying. No alcohol.” he sternly says, dropping his hand. Wei Wuxian declines the menu and orders water.Lan Xichen’s eyebrows quirk at the mention of the birthday, but he’s confident Jin Zixuan informed him of the occasion. Or possibly Jiang Cheng, they’ve spoken several times. “I’ve already ordered beforehand, now we just wait for the food to be served.” He says once the waitress scurries off with their drink orders.“Oh, really? Lan Xichen, you really didn’t have to go out of your way.” Wei Wuxian teeters, rubbing his knuckles repeatedly.Lan Xichen laughs lightly, tinkering with the empty wine glass, “it’s fine. After all, it’s not everyday my brother calls to inform me that he’s dating someone.”“Brother!” Lan Wangji hisses, and Wei Wuxian enjoys seeing the faint glow of a blush tinging his cheeks. Wrapping his arms around his waist, when Lan Wangji embraces his lurking fingers touching above his hip.Hmm.. he’s not reacting. Wei Wuxian’s enlightenment in the newly attained revelation, he buries his head into the crook of his neck. “He may not look like it but Lan Zhan be very compassionate when he wants to.”“I’m glad he’s taking good care of you.” Lan Xichen auspiciously implored.Smirking, Wei Wuxian caresses the insides of Lan Wangji’s palm. He tenses up but doesn’t flinch. “Hánguāng-jūn has been taking very good care of me.” He quips, running his finger along the edge of his thumb.It was all just an act.“Wei Ying.” Lan Wangji hesitates. Glancing between the brothers, he’s caught both guard.Suddenly, the doors open again, and piping hot tray carried by more waitresses flood in. Overwhelmed by the smell, he follows the line of trays set of the table with the rest of their drinks. Bowing they line up and leave them be, and Wei Wuxian digs in.There seems to be a range of dishes, from congee, sweet and sour pork to mapo doufu. All deliciously looking, and ready to be devoured. Lan Wangji pushes a bowl of rice in his hands. “Eat.”Gingerly, he raises the pair of chopsticks to his mouth. The first taste hits the tip of his tongue, chilly peppers and spices and his eyes widen at the explosive flavor.“It’s good!” He grins widely between bites.Lan Wangji hands him a napkin, “no talking while eating.”He masks his apathy, but beneath his fair colored eyes, lies a slanting smile. And Wei Wuxian scoops a spoonful of congee, “try the spicy one Lan Zhan, it’s delicious!” Grappling his gaze, We Wuxian trains his focus on Lan Wangji. This wasn’t discussed, but he was forced to improve. Feeding each other romantically, and could be used to their
advantage.Shockingly, Lan Wangji opens his mouth and swallows the spoonful leveled at him. He chews, and Wei Wuxian limply holds the spoon.“not bad.”Brightening, he shovels another piece of pork into his mouth, “right? Do you want some of mine?” He slides his bowl, and Lan Zhan refuses.“Eat your food, I have my own.” And Wei Wuxian nods, mirthfully chowing down as more arrives.The rest of the dinner goes smoothly, in consolation to his own fretting. Lan Xichen asks them about university, and Wei Wuxian animatedly speaks about his classes(the ones he bothered to pay attention to). Lan Wangji adds to the conversation scarcely, staying silent primarily to listen to Wei Wuxian. Every once in a while, he captures his expression. In return, he holds his hand tighter and simpers at Lan Xichen jokes.After, when Lan Xichen pays the bill, he offers a ride home. “Thank you, but my apartment is nearby.” and Lan Xichen smiles again, pulling Lan Wangji quickly, measly whispers passing but Wei Wuxian can’t hear what they’re talking about.Waving goodbye, they set off together. “Good job Lan Zhan, you were the perfect gentleman out there.” He jabs, entwining his linked arm out of his side, giving him distance between them. The distance grows heavy and the warmth he sensed at the restaurant was gone.“Mm.”“Did you have fun? You were much more talkative inside.” He sidles up to Lan Wangji, drawing in the warmth again. The chilly air peaks outside and he remembers the jacket he brought. Wrapping it around his shoulders, he shudders as a gust of wind sweeps past them.“Are you cold?” Lan Wangji asks.Shivering, he takes reins of the jacket lapels pulling closer to his chest. “Not too badly, don’t worry about it.”Lan Wangji removes his own coat, balancing it on Wei Wuxian’s shoulders, it’s a bit heavy but weighs with benevolence. “You don’t want to catch a cold, take it.” He insists it’s already in his possession there’s no way he could refuse it now.This is what Lan Wangji should be doing to his faceless future girlfriend, performing kind gestures and acting like the perfect boyfriend he is. Instead of helping Wei Wuxian, he should be living a normal life without his constant nagging of favors. As he muses, they stop to realize he’s in front of the apartment building already.“Thank you, Lan Zhan.” He says earnestly and Lan Wangji blinks back in surprise at the abrupt praise.With light post twinkling in his eyes, Wei Wuxian could kiss him. Reach over and seal his lips, to meet his desirable pink, soft lips. It’s that horrible pain in his chest, clawing its way out. He’s so close, with one complete tug, he could capture his lips once and for all.He can smell the spice and toothpaste mingling over his mouth and squeezes his collar bone. “I should go, goodnight.” His footsteps scream for him to turn back, stumble into his arms and kiss him silly.But the rules, buried and burned into him prevent Wei Wuxian from doing so. He couldn’t lead him on, especially now. He’s dug his own grave and can’t seem to find his way to the light. It’s a tragedy because it was Wei Wuxian’s idea. His idiotic self carried the slip of paper, thinly between the wall of leather material of his jacket.“Goodnight.”Without looking back, he opens the door to his apartment. Afraid of looking behind, he’ll make one more bad decision.* The party is the next day, and Wei Wuxian sleeps in. Despite Jiang Cheng prodding in efforts of waking him up, he flips over and moans in pain. “It’s too early!” He hollered, his voice muffling from the cocooning blankets around his body.“The party’s not until later, but it’s almost one! Why are you acting so moppy and depressed? I thought you had a good time.”He rolls over, flipping the covers and lazily slouches up. Lan Wangji planned on picking him up around 4, and Wei Wuxian was nowhere near ready to face him after last night. Groaning into his pillow loudly he finally says, “allow me to suffer in his wonderful bed that loves me more than Lan Zhan.” He murmurs.“Get your ass up, I’m done with your bullshit!” Jiang Cheng slams the door open. Peeking above his blanket, Wei Wuxian grins weakly.“I’m done Jiang Cheng, you were right. This was a mistake.” Jiang Cheng presses his lips together, prideful to him admitting but scornfully seethed:“And you never listen to me.”* The car ride is quiet. Only the heater blowing in their direction fills the car, but not completely. There’s an empty void between them. Wei Wuxian fumbles with the ribbons of the present he holds, he and Lan Wangji has picked it out together prior. The box lies timidly in his lap and rumbles every time they hit a stoplight.The tension was building up, and it sucked. When Lan Wangji picked him up from the apartment, it was worse. Wei Wuxian messes with the temperature controls to let his stress lessen, but it only worsens as they get closer to the house. Jiang Cheng mentioned it was in the family estate farther away from the city. He hasn’t visited in months, and now Wei Wuxian is introducing Lan Wangji as his boyfriend.Boyfriend. It rolls off his tongue bittersweetly. Fitting perfectly but has no value to it’s meaning. After tonight they would return to tomorrow normally, next week as friends. He should come up with a breakup story, something to convince his friends they chose to stick to being only good friends. Minutes later, they pull up to the estate. Balloon’s decorate the banisters ascending up the stairs to the front lawn. Lan Wangji steers the car to an empty parking space and unbuckled his seatbelt.“Shall we go, boyfriend?” he asks when Lan Wangji helps open his car door and he slides out. Nodding, he accepts his hand. Adjusting the grip of the present, Wei Wuxian swallows, his throat running dry. It all came down to this.The door is closed, but he can hear multiple voices inside. Ringing the doorbell, it chimes thrice before footsteps answer, stumbling to reach the door. It widely opens and Jin Ling answers, he’s grown older, turning more into Jin Zixuan’s as the years pass. “Uncle Wei, you’re here.” His voice dreading and slightly bored.Kneeling to mess his hair, he laughs. “Is that how you act with your favorite uncle? You brat!”“Where’s my present?” He folds his arms and then realizes that Lan Wangji was right in front of him. Panic emerges, and Wei Wuxian remembers he’s scared of him after a certain incident. Leaning against his shoulder he smugly grins at the kid. He can’t really fit the ‘kid’ description. He’s grown taller, and his baby cheeks have thinned.But he still has the worst of Jin Zixuan’s personality, sadly. “Jin Ling.” Lan Wangji greets.“Let your guests in Jin Ling, I want to see Shijie!” He pushes past him, and Lan Wangji kindly hands Jin Ling his present.Inside, the house is just as decorative as the exterior. More balloons, streamers designed with violet and canary yellow deck the halls. He can small the lotus incense that warms the main space. It’s crowded and feels like home. Tugging his shirt, Wei Wuxian navigates through family members both familiar and unfamiliar. In the kitchen was Jiang Yanli, flour-dusted on her glowing cheeks, as his sister looks up she radiates, a smile reaching ear to ear.
Why couldn’t Jin Ling inherit that from his parents?
“Shijie!” He rejoices, enveloped her into a hug. It’s been a while since he and Jiang Cheng visited the estate nor their sister. He misses the welcoming fragrance she carries, and the comfort she brings around her.“You’ve gotten bigger since the last time I saw you are you eating enough Wei Wuxian?” She taps his nose, smiling warmly but concern crosses her eyes. Then her eyes fly to Lan Wangji who’s awkwardly standing off to the end of the kitchen.“I’m in university I don’t have time to get proper meals always.” He’s mournfully, and brightens, “will Shijie cook her lotus soup next time I visit?”Patting his chin like when he was a child, “I’ll make it next time you come.”“Stop taking advantage of Shijie, she isn’t your mother.” Jiang Cheng leered, entering the kitchen. “Mother and father are expecting you.”He nods and Jiang Yanli takes Lan Wangji’s unoccupied hands as they’re leaving. “Thank you for coming, Lan Wangji. Jin Ling was happy to hear you were attending with my brother. He admires you dearly.”He flushes which is unexpected because praise usually won’t affect him and Wei Wuxian’s heart tweaks at the sight of him.“It’s my pleasure, thank you for having me.” He bows before following Wei Wuxian out.Laughter echoes and he finds his parents chatting with other family members. Jiang Fengmian was a polite, kind-hearted man who took Wei Wuxian as his own when he was younger. Yu Ziyuan, on the other hand, was similar to Jiang Cheng. The natural sneer and intimidation present 24/7. He loved them both equally, but at the moment, he feared Jiang Cheng's mother more than anything. Soundly, Lan Wangji’s hands find his, joining together.“Mother, father.” He addresses, and Yu Ziyuan frosty glare hits him unpleasantly.“Wei Wuxian, I hope the traveling was no issue.” Jiang Fengmian began.“Lan Zhan is the safer driver, I knew I’d be in safe hands.” He answers, hugging him closer. It’s his cue, and Lan Wangji folds his hands and bows respectfully.“That’s right, I see you’ve pulled Lan Wangji again with your mischief.” Her eyes glint and Wei Wuxian’s breath shallows hastily.“I came here on my own will, Wei Wuxian was kind enough to invite me. And to officially introduce myself.” Wincing, dammit, it’s too soon.Jiang Fengmian frowns in confusion. “What do you mean ‘officially’?”“He means as my boyfriend, we’re dating.”It’s silent. He wonders if the rest of the house heard. Maybe listening in on the conversation, they’ve never been best at keeping to themselves. Should he say something? Anything to wipe the unmoved expressions on their face.When Yu Ziyuan speaks, it’s full of mollification. “Finally. I never thought you’d actually listen. Though I’d prefer for you to find someone to wed, Lan Wangji’s always been a part of our family.” She sniffs and Jiang Fengmian adds:“What she means is that she’s happy for you boys. You’ve been taking good care of Wei Wuxian, we hope you continue so.”“I will.”Right now, he’s never been gladder to have Lan Wangji by his side. It was a success, now Jiang Cheng’s mother would no longer hassle him. But they approved of him, even called him as their son. Yet, his anxiety hasn’t decreased, and he stays by his side for the remaining of the evening. Lan Wangji is quiet, but he smiles every one and a while or nods in agreement with Wei Wuxian when he’s mentioned.Soon, the sun goes down and the party begins to empty. He didn’t plan on leaving for a while and hauled Lan Wangji into the backyard. Admiring the flowers that Yu Ziyuan proudly gardens, noises, and sounds waver as they make their way out to the pool. It’s hotter during the night in the far parts of town, especially in Lotus Pier.He finds the hot tub, filled with warm water and sparks with an idea. He starts to strip off his clothes, peeling off his jacket. Lan Wangji takes a step back. “Wei Ying, what are you doing?”Rolling up the hem of his jeans, just above his ankles he dips them into the water. The tub isn’t too deep, seeming larger as a teen when he and Jiang Cheng used to splash around in the pool, but wasn't the same as the hot springs Lotus Pier was famous for.“Come on, live a little Lan Zhan. It’s perfectly safe if that’s what you’re worried about.”Narrowing his eyes, He refuses. “Everyone’s inside, they could see us”.Shrugging fully dives into the water. Reaching his waist, it’s warmer due to the hotter weather. He sighs, leaning his head back against the cement of the tub. Cracking an eye open, he splashes at Lan Wangji, grabbing his hand and tosses him inside. Bobbing his head up, Lan Wangji’s hair is released from its ponytail, flowing freely in the water.“See, it feels nice right?” He whispers liltedly, spreading his arms like wings to each side of the wall. Tilting his head, he takes in the sweet air, he misses Lotus Pier more than he lets on, the people, his family, even that brat of a nephew, Jin Ling.“Shameless.”He brushes away the butterflies swarming in his stomach, digging his feet into the flooring. “Lan Zhan.”“Hm?” He says back, and his nerves falter, and he brushes his hair back. His hands are wet and sticky from the water, and water droplets scour his face.“Thank you for helping me out, I keep taking you for granted, and I just want to say I’m sorry.” He laments, twirling a loose strand of hair out of his face, lowering his head down.“Wei Ying,” He starts but Wei Wuxian cuts him off, it’s better that he continues otherwise tears might fall.“I was inconsiderate of your feelings, I only focused on myself and that was selfish of me.” Slowly, he crosses the short distance that parts them. Now appearing in front of Lan Wangji, he scans his face. What will he say next? “But aren’t I allowed to be selfish? I’m in love with you Lan Zhan! I’ve been in love with you since the day we met.”“Wei Ying-“ he tries again, but he hushes him with a single finger, and hot hands clamp around his waist and he crawls onto his lap.Trembling, he whispers, “I’ve always been selfish, but can I be selfish one last time? I know I’ve been using you as an outlet and an excuse hoping that after tonight I would get over my feelings but now, I don’t want to let you go, I’m sorry Lan Zhan.”“Why are you apologizing?” Beneath his eyelashes, are beautiful golden eyes that burn him, it’s icy but the heat is unbearable. Lan Wangji remains emotionless.Prying open his buttoned shirt, popping the second button, the material pressed firmly against his chest, it’s sheer and Wei Wuxian’s throat tightens. He’s ethereal under the moonlight, hypnotizing and magnetic to Wei Wuxian. Glistening, Wei Wuxian steadily coaxes his chin into his grasp.“I don’t know.”“Wei Ying.”Wei Wuxian hiccups into his chest, “say my name again.”“Wei Wuxian.”Gently, he brings his lips to his. The first thought that comes to him, is I’m kissing Lan Zhan, I’m kissing Lan Zhan. cupping his jaw, he skims along the pale arch of his back. His mind is blank, but he finds himself always connected to Lan Wangji. Neck bathed in the night as drops of water fall down his collarbone. Kissing him, was amazing and he never wanted it to end.He’s not experienced, neither is Lan Wangji, seemingly to being guided by Wei Wuxian. Wrapping his legs around his waist, he draws him near. The water ripples around them, bubbling as the heater installed continues to rumble. They’re both wet, clothes sticking to their skin but it does wonders to Lan Wangji’s fit figure, he’s filled out since high school, and Wei Wuxian scrawls his index finger to the outline of his bicep, he’s finally in his arms.Running his hands along the nape of his neck, he tangles them into his hair and brings him to the surface. Kissing him harder, and Lan Wangji withers. His thighs feel heavy against his skin as he cups his ear, bringing his lips above his in slow motion. He should stop, the rules, they cause him to become antsy in his lap.“We’re breaking the rules,” he whispers against his lips, and Lan Wangji blinks.“They don’t apply here.”He wants to ask him why but never gets the chance to when Lan Wangji brings back into his grasp, kissing him hotly. It’s foreign at first because he’s never kissed him like that. Desperate, needy as his hands flourish to unbutton the rest of his collar. Opening his mouth wider, he lets his tongue do the work. Lan Wangji is hesitant in the beginning but rapidly learns faster. Groaning as he wipes the inside of his cheek, hair tickling his neck and Wei Wuxian collapses into the kiss.Gasping when Lan Wangji moves to lift up the pant leg of his jeans, he purrs, “now look who’s the shameless one, Hanguang-Jun?”“Wei Wuxian, we should stop.”His cheeks turn cherry red. Looking between them, Lan Wangji’s lips are pinkened, and swollen and his hair is in disarray. He looks vulnerable, but hungry, golden eyes wanting more and more. He flips around, cuddling into his lap beside him. Gradually, Lan Wangji wraps his arms around his shoulder, hugging him.The question pops into his head and he turns, “why did you agree to pretend my boyfriend?”Kissing the top of his forehead, Wei Wuxian’s heart thumps again, and this time it’s settled and not the same heart-ache he felt before. “Because I love you.”Staring widely at him, he grins. “What did you say Lan Zhan?” and Lan Wangji points at the night sky, clear of no stars this late at night. Distracted he watches him, and he could’ve sworn he was smiling.“Nothing.”  



Afterword


End Notes
I hope you guys enjoy this and pls leave some kudos and tell me what you think 🥰🥰 and feel free to follow me on twitter for more wangxian shenanigans twitter


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



