



Something more - Unikum - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Something more
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/5245142.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Yoonmin - Relationship, JiHope, yoonseok, yoonminseok
Character:
Park Jimin (BTS), Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Min Yoongi | Suga
Additional Tags:
Polyamory, Threesome - M/M/M, Angst with a Happy Ending, Cheating
Series:
Part 3 of
Something
Stats:

        Published: 2015-11-19
          Chapters: 5/5
        Words: 6520
      

Something more
by Unikum
Summary
Yoongi finally can't take it anymore.He just can't find a way of dealing with his feelings, until one day Jimin visits him in the studio and everything chances.---Last part of the "Something"-Series! You probably should read Something New and Something Diffrent frist.




0/3



Yoongi sat down on the floor of their practice room, breath coming in pants as he gulped down half of his water bottle in one go.This new choreography was just killing him. Sure it was a lot of fun and looked amazing, but getting there was way too hard.“I asked for an easier dance and now we get one of the hardest we ever had.” Seokjin groaned as he sat down next to him, burying his head into his hands. Yoongi chuckled and let his finger glide through his pinkish fringe, which was sticking to his forehead. They told him that they will make it light blond for the new video and he wasn’t sure what to think about it, he liked himself in red and had also hoped that he could go back to black.“I said stop it!” Yoongi looked up as he heard Jimin screeching from the other side of the room. He was lying on the floor with Taehyung on top of him, tickling the smaller boy’s sides, while Hoseok was standing next to them, laughing loudly.Yoongi sighed and got up to get his phone from the other side of the room. He tried to fight against it, but Yoongi knew that it was already too late.He had been in love before; he couldn’t trick himself into thinking that this was nothing. It was something. Mainly it was a big fucking problem.No matter how hard he tried, he always found himself staring at Hoseok over dinner, always tried to sit next to Jimin when they were having a film night, just to get the chance of cuddling closer to him without it being obvious.Yoongi was more than angry at himself. As if it wouldn’t cause enough trouble for him to fall in love with one of his bandmates, but no he had to fall for two of them at the same time. He had spent most of last month tossing and turning at night, arguing if he really loves them or if he just needed to get laid more often. But this was more than lust. It was more than lust when he found himself grin like an idiot as he watched Hoseok and Jimin have one of their little play fights, which always ended in Hoseok shooting sobby compliments at Jimin and the younger boy turning a dark shade of pink, acting like he wasn’t enjoying every second of being praised. It wasn’t lust when Yoongi stopped on his way back to his and Seokjin’s room as he saw the two napping on the couch and wishing nothing more than to nudge them over and cuddle beside them, feeling their breaths hot in his neck.One night when he got his room to himself with Seokjin out shopping, he googled his problem and came up with many other people who felt the same. People who have two or more partners, who love each other equally, who are happy this way.But while Yoongi was glad to find out that he wasn’t some kind of freak, he also knew that there was no way that Hoseok and Jimin would be interested in this kind of relationship. They loved each other endlessly, they were practically made for each other and they were just fooling around with other people to spice up their sex life. Yoongi liked to think that he was something special because they came to him again, but he didn’t know if it wasn’t the same with Taehyung. And what if they had also asked the others? Jimin was always so damn clingy with Jungkook and lately the other seemed to open up more and they were always sitting somewhere, giggling. And he knew that Namjoon was open for a lot of things, he definitely wouldn’t say no if they approached him. “Are you okay hyung?”Yoongi was pulled out of his thought from Taehyung who was standing next to him, looking at him with those big, pretty eyes.  He just couldn’t be angry at him for stealing all of Jimin’s attention. They younger probably hasn’t got an idea that he wasn’t the only one the couple had approached.“Yes, Tae. I’m just really tired, that dance routine is really taking its toll on me.”Taehyung nodded and grinned at him. “But we are doing so good, ARMY will love it!”“They will.” Yoongi answered, trying to bring some glee into his voice.This had to end. He couldn’t go on like this.



1/3



Sometimes a little voice in the back of Yoongi’s mind whispered at him to just make them break up. Then he could pick one of them and would be happy.
But he also knew that there was no way that he could decide if he would like to be with Jimin or Hoseok, beside the thought of playing with their feelings this way broke his heart. It would be better to be alone with his own misery than seeing any of his two dongseangs hurt.
So he found himself at a dead end street.  Continuing to watch them, always hoping that they will approach him again, that he’ll get another taste of what could be but never will be.“Why are you always looking so miserable lately, Yoongi.” Seokjin said as he entered their room, letting himself fall down on his bed.
“You know me long enough now to know that this is my normal expression.”
“No it’s not. You like to act all cold and distance, but you aren’t your usual grumpy self. You seem more quiet, distant.”
Yoongi pushed himself up on his elbows, looking over at his hyung. “Everything is fine. First Taehyung, now you. I’m fine.”
“You know that you can talk with me about everything, right?”
“Yeah hyung, now go to sleep. We have a tight schedule tomorrow.”
Seokjin sighed but he still pulled his shirt over his head, folding it and putting it down on the chair at the end of his bed.
“Promise me you will also go to sleep soon.”
Yoongi looked at him again, trying his best to sound honest. “I will.”He had been in the studio for just one hour when he heard a small knock outside the door. Yoongi groaned and quickly closed the document he was using for writing his mixtape. The mixtape that probably would never be finished, because he had to be so damn perfectionistic.
“Yeah?” Yoongi yelled, pushing his headphones down, so that they were loosely hanging around his neck.
The door was opened slowly, revealing a tired looking Jimin with sweat soaked bangs sticking to his forehead. Yoongi bit his lip, trying to concentrate on anything but how cute the younger man looked right now.
“I was practicing when I noticed that there was light on here. I- I just wanted to- Well I don’t know, say hello I guess.” Jimin stuttered as he entered the room, closing the door behind him.
Yoongi chuckled at the embarrassment written all over Jimin’s face. He had noticed that the younger’s behavior around him had changed. There was nothing left of the confident Jimin that Yoongi had witnessed during their encounters. Nothing left of the cocky attitude that had drove him crazy. This new Jimin was all shy smiles and stole glances and he always made sure not to be alone with Yoongi.In fact the older thought that this was the first time in two weeks that he was alone with Jimin.
If he didn’t know it better, he would probably think that Jimin had a crush on him.
“You can come in if you like to. I’m actually stuck, you could help me.” Yoongi suggested nodding over to the empty chair he had pushed to the side earlier when he came to the studio.
“You want to show me something you are working on?” Jimin mumbled in shock. It wasn’t a secret that Yoongi preferred to work alone, maybe showing Namjoon something when it nearly reached the end phase.
“It’s the song I made for you, so your opinion is important, dummy.” Yoongi said, opening the file on his computer.
He had lied about the truth reason he was planning a song for Jimin, saying that it was a reward for his hard work. Well it was. But mostly Yoongi just wanted to spend more time with the younger and this seemed to be a good plan to get him into the studio more often.Jimin sat down on the chair and inched closer to Yoongi, but still obviously trying to keep distance between their bodies.
Carefully Yoongi pulled the earphones down over Jimin’s head, smiling at the way the younger flinched as his cold fingers touched Jimin’s forehead, which was still burning.
Yoongi leaned back and pressed play, adjusting the volume a bit until Jimin nodded at him.
He watched the red haired boy closely as he listened to the song Yoongi made for him with eyes closed.
Yoongi still wasn’t sure if he liked his blond hair, but he sure liked the red on Jimin’s head. But on the other hand he would probably like every ridicules hairstyle their stylists would come up with, simply because he was in way too deep.  Suddenly Jimin’s eyes flew open and his gaze met Yoongi’s.
“What are you staring at hyung?” Jimin teased, speaking a bit too loud because of the music still pumping through his headphones. He seemed to be more comfortable now, more like himself again.
Yoongi’s body reacted before his mind could even catch up. They were already so close, he had barely moved as he felt Jimin’s lips against his.
A rush of heat ran through his body. He has missed this so much, missed being close to Jimin.
Much to his surprise Jimin returned the kiss, his small hand came up to dig into Yoongi’s hair pulling him closer.
Yoongi loved his equipment enough to pull the headphones of Jimin’s head, lying it down on the desk, before he brought his arm around the younger’s waist, pulling him closer and on his lap.
While he yanked Jimin’s tank top over his head and threw it down on the floor, the thought crossed his mind that they probably shouldn’t do this without Hoseok being there.
But the way Jimin was clumsily trying to unbutton his jeans, pushed every second thoughts far away. They could deal with it later, right now he was just eager to finally feel Jimin close again.
“Let me do this.” He mumbled as he broke away from Jimin, allowing the younger to suck on his neck while he undid the bottom of his jeans and pulled the younger’s sweat pants down.
Jimin was now completely naked while he was still wearing his shirt, but the red haired boy didn’t seem to mind as his lips reconnected with Yoongi’s, his hips grinding down nearly forcefully.“Please tell me the lube is still here.” Jimin panted as they broke apart, staring at each other as they tried to catch their breath.
It wasn’t a big secret that Namjoon kept lube and some tissues near the computer, he had even invited them to use them whenever one of them was in need of some “private time” how he had put it back then. Yoongi rolled the chair back a few centimeters which was a bit harder with Jimin’s additional weight on him, but his need was enough to put enough power in his legs that he was now crashing against the drawer where the much needed items where hidden in.Yoongi was unable to do anything besides digging his fingers into Jimin’s hips, hoping that there won’t be any bruises for Hoseok to find the next day, as Jimin was bouncing on his lap. One of his hands was still buried in his hair, the other was gripping at the lean of the chair, helping him to push himself up and down.
“God Jimin slow down, I’m too close.” Yoongi moaned, but he pushed Jimin down harder with every move, lost in the delicious friction he had missed so much.
“Please hyung, I need to come, please just-“ Jimin managed to breath out before he came, his stomach muscles making a comeback as they clenched together, white painting his body and staining Yoongi’s shirt. He lazily drew circles with his hips, while he buried his face in Yoongi’s neck, offering just enough friction for the older to follow him, coming deep inside of him with a quiet shout of Jimin’s name.As Jimin finished patting his stomach clean with the tissues Yoongi gave him, he pulled his sweat pants back up and his eyes met Yoongi’s. They didn’t need to talk about this. There was a silent agreement between them. Hoseok would never know about this. This was a onetime thing, reliving he tension that had been building up between them the last weeks.
It was a onetime thing.Accept that it wasn’t.
It had been two days since Jimin had approached him and the memories of it were playing on Yoongi’s mind without stopping. He could barely bring himself to look at the younger when he asked him to pass him the water or for his opinion on the new snapback he wanted to order online. And every time Hoseok was talking to him, Yoongi couldn’t help himself but wonder if he knew. If he knew that they betrayed him.
It hurt Yoongi. He didn’t want any of them to be sad. He wanted to have Jimin, but he didn’t wanted Hoseok to be left behind. Despite Jimin actually returning his feelings, Yoongi still wasn’t able to make up his mind, to decide what he wants. Who he wants.He was in the shower after coming home way too late again. Yoongi knew that he should stop running away from his feelings, that hiding away in the studio will not help with everything and that one day he has to face the mess he created in his mind and in his heart.
Yoongi was leaning back against the shower wall, his eyes closed as he let the hot water splashing against his skin, painting red dots against his chest.
He didn’t notice the bathroom door opening, or maybe he did but he didn’t care.
“Don’t do this.” He mumbled as he felt cold air hit him.
“I will leave if you tell me to.”  Jimin returned with a broken voice, closing the shower door behind him again.
Yoongi opened his eyes slowly, blinking the water drops off his eyes to look at the boy in front him probably. He looked so fucking gorgeous, his hair quickly getting damp where the water was hitting him, droplets running down his face and onto his naked collarbones, sticking out deliciously, just waiting for Yoongi to lick and bite them.
“Okay.” He finally said, his eyes meeting Jimin’s for the first time since their night at the studio.
Confusion and fear rushed over Jimin’s features, before Yoongi reached for his wrist, closing the distance between them with one strong pull.



2/3



2/3Author(s)UnikumUpdated Nov 11, 2015Published Nov 11, 2015Status [M], CompletedTags yoonmin  x   yoonseok  x   polyamory  x   jihope  x   yoonminseok  x    Add Tag Edit  Bookmark  Save (go offline) Report Content Make Readable a a a a“We have to stop this Jimin.” Yoongi said as he pulled his shirt back over his head, scanning the floor in front of him for his socks.They had rented a hotel room, just because they were growing tied of the studio couch and basically had nowhere else to go. It wasn’t until Yoongi had come down, his blood rushing back to his brain, that he realized what they were doing. Until then, it had always been somewhat of an accident, both of them being at the same place at the same time, but this was another level. There was no more denying that Jimin was cheating on Hoseok and Yoongi was supporting it. He had rented a cheap room in a cheap motel and Jimin had been more than willed to follow him to that shady side of Seoul, where no questions would be asked.“What?” Jimin asked, as he sat up, his arms coming up around Yoongi’s waist.“This was the last time. You’re with Hoseok. We can’t continue like this.“ Yoongi mumbled, pushing the younger’s hands away to stand up and get his shoes.“We should act like nothing happened, that’s probably the best for you two.”“No!” Jimin shouted, reaching out for Yoongi’s hand to stop him from moving around. “Don’t say that! If you have second thoughts because of Hoseok, I- I will break up with him! Just please don’t leave now.”“You love Hoseok, you two are perfect together. I don’t want to stand between you anymore.”“But-“ Jimin started, looking down at his hands. “I love you too.”Yoongi stopped from putting on his boots and looked up at Jimin.“Stop talking nonsense. I will see you during practice tomorrow. Everything will be like before. Please leave the keycard at the front desk.”“Well congratulations on being the biggest asshole on this planet.” Yoongi mumbled to himself as he tossed away his empty Soju bottle.He hasn’t been back to the dorm since he left the hotel room and right now he wasn’t feeling like ever returning. Instead of dealing with his feelings like a responsible adult he fucked up everything even more. And even worse, he had hurt Jimin.“May as well drop out of the band now.”He sighed and stood up from the park bench that he had been sitting on the last half an hour after leaving the shop near their dorm with way too much alcohol in plastic back by his side, which Yoongi was now tossing into the bin next to him.He felt his phone buzz in his pants for the nth time, but he ignored it starting his way back home.--Yoongi had to say he was impressed by the way Jimin was handling all of this.It had been a week since he left him in the hotel and the younger acted like nothing had happen. Well at least in front of the others.Jimin talked to him like he did before everything happened, he was still making jokes, still teasing his hyung with the others. But they weren’t alone together anymore. Jimin seemed to make sure that there was always someone by his side. Some nights however, Yoongi’s phone wouldn’t stop lighting up his and Seokjin’s bedroom with every text that Jimin send him.Endless pleads to just give them another chance, solutions how to work all of it out with Hoseok but mostly just small notes how much the younger missed him.The rapper was sitting in the kitchen, pocking in his lunch not sure if he would be able to eat anything that evening. The texts from Jimin had stopped and the younger seemed to be closer with Hoseok than ever. Yoongi should be happy about this. But he couldn’t.Of course he had been the one stopping the thing they had, but it didn’t meant that he actually wanted it to stop. The texts from Jimin were a nice reassurance that he was still wanted.“Guess that’s over now.” He mumbled, pushing his food away from him.“Who are you talking to, hyung?” Hoseok asked beside him and Yoongi flinched, not having realized that the younger had entered the kitchen.“No one, I’m just thinking.” Yoongi quickly answered, getting up to put his dishes away.“Well it didn’t sound like something good was on your mind.” Hoseok joked, leaning against the counter next to the sink, watching Yoongi closely. “Do you want to talk about it?”“Don’t worry, I’m fine. Just stressed. The tour in the US and everything you know.”There was a short silence between them while Yoongi cleaned his plates.“Well, I- I actually was waiting for a chance to talk with you, about something.” Hoseok finally said.Yoongi could feel his heart stopping at the younger’s words.He knew.Hoseok knew about him and Jimin. He was probably going to get his face crushed in in a couple of seconds.But Yoongi wouldn’t even be mad at the other. He deserved it. If he was in Hoseok’s position, he would definitely do the same.“Yeah?” Yoongi asked quietly, putting down the plate and facing Hoseok, getting ready for what was about to come.“God, I shouldn’t say this, but it is eating me up, you know. I’m thinking about this for so long and I’m feeling worse every day. I need to tell you this, so I can stop.” Hoseok stopped, rubbing his hands over his eyes, taking a deep breath. “I fallen in love with you.”Yoongi couldn’t help but stare at the other, his mouth opening and closing as he felt speechless. Something he was definitely not used to.“What?” He finally managed, cursing himself for not getting anything better out.“God, I’m such a bad person. I feel like I’m betraying Jimin, because even just thinking about someone else like this feels like cheating and I love him so much. But I can’t deny what I feel for you, too.”Before Yoongi could even respond to the stream of words spilling out of Hoseok, he was pulled towards the younger.Having Hoseok’s lips against his again kick started his brain and he stumbled back, hitting his back against the counter.“No we can’t- I and Jimin- we” Yoongi started, pulse racing as he tried to figure out if he should tell Hoseok the truth.“Fuck.” Hoseok interrupted him, hitting his fist down on the counter. “I’m sorry. I just. Forget this. Fuck.”With this the younger stormed out of the kitchen before Yoongi could even say anything.Hoseok liked him. Hoseok liked him, too. Could there actually be a chance for this to work out?Quickly he hurried to follow the younger, a smile on his face.Soon all his problems will disappear.“What!”Jimin’s scream echoed through the dorm and Yoongi stopped in the middle of the living room, staring down the hall to where the screaming was coming from. Seconds later Jimin was storming out of his room and running towards him. He was obviously crying and just pushed Yoongi aside as he ran towards the door. He grabbed his coat and shoes and left the house without putting them on.“What the hell was that?” Came Taehyung’s voice from Yoongi’s right side, where he was sitting on the couch, watching TV with Jungkook.“I- I guess you should follow him.” Yoongi stuttered, still trying to figure out what had happened in the last few minutes.Taehyung was on his feet seconds later, quickly running after his best friend. “Hyung?” Jungkook’s voice broke through the fog in Yoongi’s mind and he started walking down the hall towards Hoseok’s room.The younger was sitting on his bed, blankly staring Taehyung’s and Jimin’s bunk bed opposite from him.As Yoongi approached him, his head turned towards him and it broke Yoongi’s heart to see the hurt in his eyes.“Leave.” Hoseok spit out, anger flashing over his face.“Did Jimin tell you?” Yoongi started, unsure if he should get closer or keep the distance between them.“All this time I was feeling miserable because I thought about you that way. And all this time you were fucking him behind my back. So fuck of Yoongi.” Hoseok’s hand was curling into a fist and Yoongi took a step back towards the door. He had never seen this side of Hoseok and Yoongi had to admit that he was fucking scared of the younger.“Hoseok-ah, please I can explain just.”“Leave. Don’t make me say it again.”



Chapter 4



3/3Author(s)UnikumUpdated Nov 17, 2015Published Nov 17, 2015Status [M], CompletedTags yoonmin  x   yoonseok  x   polyamory  x   jihope  x   yoonminseok  x    Add Tag Edit  Bookmark  Save (go offline) Report Content Make Readable a a a a“You know I would have never thought that I would have to do this.” Namjoon said, rubbing his fingers over his temple in frustration. “I really thought you were more mature than that hyung.”Yoongi groaned and bit on his lip nervously. He knew it had been only a matter of time until the others would get involved into this and now, two days after everything broke, there was no way in denying that he fucked up.Jimin had switched rooms with Jungkook and hadn’t left his bed ever since. And Hoseok wasn’t in any better condition. He had practically moved into the company’s dancing studio and denied talking with anyone. Beside Namjoon no one knew what really happened, beside the fact that Hoseok and Jimin broke up.“When they got together I just knew that it would be dirty if they broke up, but this is much worse than anything I could ever guess. It’s splitting us in two and soon Song Hobeom-ssi will find out and then we’re fucked.” Namjoon continued his eyes still hard on him. “So you are going to fix this.”Yoongi laughed sarcastically and pushed his water glass from left to right. “I’m pretty sure I’m the last person on earth they want to see.”“I’m not asking you for a favor here, hyung. I’m ordering you to do it. None of them are talking with me or any of the others. And if we don’t fix this quickly we have to delay the comeback and I don’t need to tell you what that could mean for the band.”With a loud sigh Yoongi pushed his chair away from the kitchen table and stood up.“I can’t promise you anything.”Namjoon’s and now Jimin’s room was in complete darkness, the small beam of light coming from the open door illuminated the lump on one of the beds, the only sign that there actually was a person in this room.“Jimin.” Yoongi said as he approached the younger’s bed, slowly sitting down.There was no reaction coming from the other.“Jimin.” Yoongi tried again, softly lying his hand down on the shape underneath the blanket.“I don’t want to talk.” Came a small, muffled answer.“Please Jimminie, you need to eat something. Everyone is worried about you. I-“ Yoongi stopped, considering if this was really the right way to approach this problem, but god he was tied too. “I worry about you. I still love you, I can’t stand seeing you hurting yourself like this.”There was a moment of silence before Jimin’s head appeared, his hair mushed and his eyes puffy, clearly visible even in the dim light.“How can you say something like this. You kissed Hoseok.”“Well firstly he was the one who kissed me. But don’t you think you’re being a bit of a hypocrite being angry at him.”“It’s not like that. I’m not angry at him.” Jimin mumbled, his voice breaking. “I’m angry at myself. I hate myself so much for all of this.”Jimin sat up and leaned back against the wall behind his bed, pulling the blanket up to his chin.“I was so confused the last few weeks. Ever since I noticed that I developed feelings for you, but- I still love him. I love him so much.”“I know exactly how you feel, Jimin.” Yoongi started. “I never thought that it would be possible to love two people at the same time. But here I am.” He looked up at the younger, biting his lip. “Here we are. And when you approached me, I was so happy that I could have at least one of you, but I never wanted to hurt you or Hoseok.”“Well that didn’t work out.”“Yeah we fucked that up. But I think, maybe, if we give him time to get over it and if we try to talk with him, maybe there is still a chance for you. And maybe a chance for us.”Yoongi became more anxious with every second passing. Maybe he was taking this too fast, but he just couldn’t deny the tiny bit of hope that was growing in his chest.They could fix this.“He doesn’t want to talk with me anymore. I tried to call him, I send him so many texts. And I’m pretty sure he doesn’t want to see you too.” Jimin stuttered, his fingers tightening around the blanket as he fought back tears.Yoongi leaned forwards and softly pressed his lips against the younger’s temple.“I fucked this up, I will fix this.”There was loud music pumping through the closed door as Yoongi reached their dancing studio, but as he opened it, Yoongi found Hoseok simply sitting in one corner of the room, staring down at his phone.“Fuck off. I don’t care if the others made you come here, I’m not going to talk with you.” Hoseok hadn’t even looked up from his phone.“I know that you are mad, you have every right to.” Yoongi said as he reached the music box, turning down the volume. “And I understand if you hate me now. But please at least talk with Jimin again. It’s all my fault.”Hoseok pfft and finally looked up from his phone, pushing it back into his pocket.“Yeah right.”He stood up and started walking towards the music box, ignoring Yoongi completely as he turned the music up again.“When you told me that you liked me two days ago, I was so damn happy, I thought that now all my problems were gone, that maybe we could try being together. You, me and Jimin. But I fucked it up and yeah Jimin fucked up, too. So be mad, hate me, but don’t hate him. You are made for each other.”Hoseok turned towards him, his face turning red and his eyes flickering between sadness and anger.Then with one quick move, Hoseok slapped Yoongi across the face, the smack echoing through the studio.“What the hell!” Yoongi cursed out, pressing his palm against his cheek, which was throbbing with pain.“I really needed to do this. Now leave before I do it again, it felt way too good.”“I’m not leaving until you promise that you will talk with Jimin.” Yoongi hissed.“You don’t understand anything do you. I already wrote him a message before you entered here with your little pep talk.”“Good.” Yoongi said, not breaking eye contact with Hoseok, despite being a bit afraid of being hit again.“Good.” Hoseok answered.--One month had passed since Yoongi had talked with Hoseok.Right now the younger was sitting on the couch in their living room, wrapped in a big blanket with Jimin. They had just returned from their US Tour and had one evening off before their schedule would continue.Yoongi was leaning against their kitchen sink, a cup of tea in his hand, long gone cold.During their time in America he had watched his two dongsaeng getting closer again and after the gun threat towards Namjoon they had a long talk and where now back together.And they were talking with him again, treating him like the others again.But nothing more.Yoongi often wondered if it would hurt less if Hoseok hadn’t told him that he was in love with him. If it would be easier to get over it, without knowing that there could have been more. If he hadn’t fucked up, they could be together now.“You know if you continue to stare at them that much even Taehyung and Jungkook will notice what’s up with you three.” Seokjin said as he entered the kitchen, putting an empty plate into the sink.“I have no idea what you are talking about.” Yoongi hissed back, looking down at his cup.“Don’t even try lying about it. I noticed it weeks ago and talk about it with Nams who told me everything.” Seokjin answered as he also leaned against the counter next to Yoongi.“Whatever. It’s not like anything of it matters. They hate me. I know that they act like everything is okay again, but I just know it.”“I don’t think they hate you. They are hurt, you are hurt. Give it time and everything will be okay again. Maybe you should go out some time, try to distract yourself. Find someone to distract yourself with. Namjoon had agreed with Jungkook and Taehyung to go out tonight, I’m going with them. You should come, too. I don’t think it would be a good idea for you to stay here alone with them.” Seokjin suggested, worry written all over his face.“I really don’t feel like going out tonight. I will just stay in our room or go to the studio. It will be fine.”“Don’t work too much, okay? You also need to be okay, your feelings matter, too.”“Thank you hyung.” Yoongi tried his best to smile up at Seokjin, but he didn’t quit manage to make it believable.Yoongi was sitting on his bed, notepad empty on his lap, his eyes closed as he softly moved his head to the beat pumping through his headphones.He didn’t even notice that his door was opened and nearly had a heart attack when he felt his mattress dipping down. His eyes flew open and there was Jimin sitting on the end of his bed, smiling coyly at him.Quickly Yoongi stopped his music and pulled his headphones off his head.“Ji-Jimin-ah! I’m sorry, I haven’t heard you.” He stuttered, cursing his heart for speeding up.“I talked with Hoseok and we thought we should use the opportunity of having the dorm all for ourselves.” Jimin started, nervously playing with the hem of his shirt. “You know we never talked about all of this, the three of us.”So that was how Yoongi found himself in the most uncomfortable situation he had ever been. He was sitting on Hoseok’s bed, with Hoseok sitting next to him and Jimin sitting on the floor in front of them.“I just want to say that I’m really happy that you are together again.” Yoongi quickly said, trying to calm his nerves. He didn’t even recognize himself anymore. Nothing was left of his confidence, of his wit. This whole affair had ruined him.“And I understand that you still hate me, but I’m really happy that you are able to handle it this well so we can continue with our band activities without any problems.”“Hyung we don’t hate you.” Hoseok interrupted him, a small smile playing around his lips. “We want to try it.”“Of course only if you still want to.” Jimin added.“What? What are you even talking about.” Yoongi asked. His mind was playing tricks on him, there was no way there were actually suggesting what he thought they were.“Jimin and I talked a lot about this. Of course we were mad. At you, at each other, at ourselves. But in the end it all came back to this. I still love Jimin, I always will. But, I’m also still in love with you.” Hoseok stopped, his eyes flicking over to the boy on the floor, before he looked back at Yoongi. “And then two days ago I build up the courage to talk with Jimin about it and he feels the same way. So if you still want to, we want to try this whole thing. I don’t know how it will work yet, but we will figure it out I guess.”Yoongi stared at Hoseok with his mouth slightly open. He had to be dreaming. After everything that happened there was still a change for him to get what he wanted? To become happy?“O-okay.” He softly said.It took Hoseok less than a second to pull the older towards him.



4/3
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“Fuck Jimin, there are other people in this house you know. No need to give them a show.” Hoseok cursed as he pushed his fingers into the younger’s mouth, trying to muffle his moans. He was leaning against the headboard of his bed, Jimin pressed against his chest, while Yoongi was busy licking wet trails along Jimin’s length. Today Taehyung had finally agreed to the new room plan, but only because he and Jungkook were allowed to keep the Xbox in their new room.Yoongi’s and his boyfriends’ little celebration party had quickly turned into something less innocent than watching a movie, cuddled up together.The movie was still playing, but long forgotten.Hoseok had a hard time keeping Jimin quiet as Yoongi finally inserted a third finger into the youngest hole, letting go of his dick, smiling up at his boyfriends.“It’s not like they don’t know what we are doing in here, you know.” Yoongi chuckled, causally spreading his fingers, making Jimin go crazy between them.“But Jungkook is next room and he is barley an adult.” Hoseok answered, trying hard to concentrate, but Jimin wiggling in his lap made it impossibly hard for him.“Oh yeah, I haven’t told you yet that I walked in on him and Taehyung in the bathroom. He is definitely old enough.”With a low groan Jimin pulled Hoseok’s fingers from his mouth and glared down at Yoongi.“Could you please stop gossiping and start fucking me!” He ordered pressing his ass down on Yoongi’s fingers to gain more friction.“Of course cutie, no need to be so mean about it.”Hoseok chuckled above them as he tossed the lube over to Yoongi. Licking his lips as he watched the older coating his dick with it.“Be a good boy and be a bit quieter, okay?” Hoseok whispered into Jimin’s neck as he helped the younger lifting his hips as Yoongi lined himself up between Jimin’s ass cheeks.With every trust, Yoongi pressed Jimin back against Hoseok, the later attacking Jimin’s mouth and neck with harsh, open-mouthed kisses.It didn’t matter if he would leave marks. They could always cover it with make-up and ever since they told their band mates about their relationship two weeks ago there was no need to keep it a secret.As Yoongi came, he pressed his head against Jimin’s chest, feeling his heart beat against his temple.He still couldn’t believe that this was his life now.That he fell asleep almost every night with at least one of his boyfriends cuddled against him, that he was woken up by soft kisses and warm words and that he felt so loved, so accepted, like never before. Sometimes there were still dark thoughts in his hands. The fear that maybe they don’t  love him as much as they loved each other, that he still wasn’t a part of their “we”, but in moments like this, when he lying down on Hoseok’s chest, with Jimin hugging him from behind, placing soft kisses on his hair, that he knew that they were something more.



Chapter End Notes
Haha sorry for that ending :D I needed to make it fluffy for all that angst in chapter 2!SO! Finally finished this series! Maybe I will revisit this whole thing for a little episode from their new life, but I'm super busy at the moment so not sure yet :/And I wanted to keep it 3 chapters long (I know that it's 5 chapters long, but it's 3 main parts) so I had to do a time jump instead of doing 10k words of Jimin and Hoseok fixing their relationship. Sorry about that.Also sorry that I had to put Taekook in it. But I just can't have a fanfiction without taekook and at least little bit namjin :DThanks for reading, commenting and leaving kudos!Have a good night/day



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



