



Some Furry Shite - Cj_Quinn72 - Original Work
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Some Furry Shite
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/8479459.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
Original Work
Relationship:
Derek Yeun-Mann/Oliver Powers, DeDeliforate/MikeBop, DeDeliforate
Character:
Derek Yeun-Mann, DeDeliforate - Character, Oliver Powers, MikeBop, Manny, Allen
Additional Tags:
Furry, Animal Ears, Animal tails, sharp teeth, Anal Fingering, Anal Sex, Anal Plug, flesh lights, Breeding Kink, Knotting, Knot kink, knots, Derek is a German Sheppard, Mike is a Fox, fluff for days, cuteness, laughing during sex, Cuteness during sex, Derek in a dress, Crossdressing, Teasing
Series:
Part 2 of
Delicious Shame
Stats:

        Published: 2016-11-05
          Completed: 2018-09-02
          Chapters: 3/3
        Words: 6762
      

Some Furry Shite
by Cj_Quinn72
Summary
He’d just opened his mouth and said it.“I just realized I love you more than I have words for.”Mike had been frozen and silent for a heartbeat long enough to scare Derek. He’d always just spoke and dealt with the stupidity of his thoughts later.But what If Mike was uncomfortable? What if he thought Derek was joking and never believed him?!  Shit that would suck.
Notes
So I wanna say I'm not a furry. Seriously. I'm not. But this idea was too cute to pass up!Enjoy the sin and fluff! 




Chapter 1



Derek whined in excitement, ears perking up and he spotted a familiar set of black tipped red ears. Derek fought back a boof of joy as Mike turned to see him, ears facing forward sharply when they locked eyes. They’d been at Cons and what not together before. They’d hung out and been in the same house before. But that was before Derek had told Mike how much he loved him. Now here they were, in an airport, surrounded by thousands of people. And together as a couple for the first time. Mike rushed over to Derek, tail wagging smoothly, and once he was close enough Derek could hear the small trilling, chirping noises he made. ‘Oh my god he’s so adorable. And he loves me.’ It had been such an amazing shock when he realized he loved Mike.                                                                                                 * They’d been talking about the state of the world and the realization had snuck into Derek’s thoughts silently. He’d just opened his mouth and said it. “I just realized I love you more than I have words for.” Mike had been frozen and silent for a heartbeat long enough to scare Derek. He’d always just spoke and dealt with the stupidity of his thoughts later. But what If Mike was uncomfortable? What if he thought Derek was joking and never believed him?!  Shit that would suck. Mike smiled, ears swiveling back and forth nervously, “I –I don’t know what to say, Derek. You’re not pullin’ my leg are you? This another one of your off camera Bopliforate jokes? Or….” Derek took a deep breath and swallowed the fear in his throat, “No. I’m serious. I just realized I love you more than I love Space. If I had the opportunity to go to space and you asked me not to go…. I think I might stay.” Mike understood that high praise and colored. He knew Derek would die to go to space. That Derek would stay for him? He’d liked Derek quietly for a few months now. More of a slow growing affection compared with Derek’s sudden declaration. They both seemed equally surprised to hear it. “Oh, well, I’ve loved you for months now. So…..” Derek’s eyes lit and one of his normally floppy ears perked up in the sweetest expressions he’d ever seen from him. “Oliver.” Mike shivered at his real name and for a moment they both just smiled at each other. Then Derek gasped and leaned closer to his camera, “Does this mean when I see you I can kiss you, and- and pet your ears and smell you and cuddle you and-“ He looked vaguely ashamed, “I should slow down….. When I see you may I kiss you?” Mike laughed at Derek’s eagerness, “Derek, you can kiss me as much as you want!”                                                                                 * That had been nearly a year ago. They’d meant to see each other sooner but they both had so much to do and so little free time. But Manny had messaged them both a week ago and asked them to be in a new SexyBand video with him. And Mike just had to get to America a couple days early to have more time with Derek. And now here Derek was, wrapping his arms around Mike in a tight hug. Pressing his face into Mike’s neck and making small happy sounds that made Mike’s heart squeeze.                                                                                 *** Half an hour later and a lot of giggling they got back to Derek’s house met by Sheila was just as excited as Derek to see Mike, even though she was shy about it. She bounced around their feet, making sounds similar to Derek’s aborted boofs. Derek hadn’t let go of Mike’s hand for more than a minute since their hug. And he was watching Mike enough that Mike had to ask if he was okay. While it was adorable to see Derek watching him head tilted slightly to one side ears flopping across his head with his mess of hair…. It was also a little weird to be sitting on the couch with Derek, holding his hand, knowing that he was just staring silently. Mike tolerated it for about an hour then he sighed and turn to stare back at Derek, ears forward, not blinking. Derek looked nervous, “What?” Mike shrugged, “You tell me! You’ve been staring at me since I got here. Now I figure I’ll just give you 100% of my attention right back.” He rubbed a thumb over the back of Derek’s hand still not blinking. He watched Derek blush and his ears begin to swivel. He watched him shift nervously, and smile in confusion. After a minute he whined in defeat and sighed, looking down at their hands, “Sorry for being weird. I’ll stop now.” Mike snorted and squeezed Derek’s hand, “You’re fine, Derek. Just…. A little less intensity? I’m not going to be teleportin’ away…..” They both giggled and relaxed, curling up against each other and watching whatever was on tv. Gently mocking whatever it was. When Mike started to fall asleep Derek scooped him up without warning and carried him to bed. “Derek I’m sleepy…. Not lame. I coulda walked.” Derek set him on the bed and settled next to him, “I know, but I was feeling nice so I figured I’d just…. Carry you.” Mike rolled onto his side to face Derek, he reached up and rubbed at Derek’s ear. “You just wanted to show off for me, huh?” Derek blushed, “Well yes! But also I like being close to you…” Mike smiled, “I do too….. But I have another question.” Derek raised his eyebrows. “If you were so excited to kiss me why haven’t you yet?” Derek rolled onto his side too, they were so close and he could smell Mike, all pine and clean air and warmth. “Making sure you’re still okay with-“ Mike cut him off by stealing their first kiss. Just a soft press of lips. But it spurred Derek into pulling Mike closer into his arms and kissing him back. Mike’s phone beeped and he pulled back to take it out, “Just Twitter.” He got up on his knees to reach out to set his phone on the nightstand when Derek draped himself over Mike’s back and nibbled at his neck. Derek had his face pressed to the side of Mike’s neck as he rutted slowly against his ass. He had his hands full of Mike. One hand locked in the red fur of Mike’s tail holding it to the side so he could rut, the other tangled in the shock of ginger curls so he could pull his head back and have better access to his neck. The little trills and pur-ish noises Derek pulled from Mike as he nipped at his neck made him shudder and whine. “Fuck, Mike, you’re so loud. Not that I’m surprised you always are, but damn you make the best noises!” Derek rambled, hips stuttering as Mike rocked back on him. Mike blushed and opened his eyes to smirk at Derek, “You got a Fox kink there, DeDe? Or an Irish kink?” Derek bit hard on Mike’s shoulder and growled, “I’ve got a Mike kink. I’ve got a-“ they both panted weakly as Derek worked off Mike’s pants, “I’ve got a kink for a sassy Irish Fox named Mike who I can always see and hear, but never touch.” Mike yipped in alarm when skin met skin and he realized Derek’s pants were gone too, “Did we both go commando?” Derek snorted, “I guess we did. Ah fuck, Mike.” Having his cock right between Mike’s cheeks was sooo much better than he imagined! Derek jerked in surprise when he noticed something else. “M-Mike…. You’re….” Mike heaved a sigh, “I knew you were gunna fuck me so I fingered myself open before I got on the plane an used a plug to keep lose. Took it out a half hour ago.” Derek shook with the mental image, and the heavy accent. That accent did things to him. He pulled away from Mike and let go of his hair to slip two fingers into his lubed hole. Mike, made another long trilling sound and Derek twitched, “So…. You want me that bad huh?” Mike laughed “I’m not the only one wanting someone bad.” He reached back to squeeze Derek’s cock, making him whine and thrust into Mike’s hand. “Fuck! Ugh Can I?” Derek whined, not really coherent which made Mike smile, “Yeah come on.” Mike pushed Derek away enough to flop down on his back and get comfy, “Come on, Pup.” Derek watched him for a second just panting slightly, then he let out a muffled boof, not quite a bark but Derek hardly ever barked, even when excited. Mike had to pull him closer and wrap his legs around him before Derek would snap out of it. “You okay, Derek?” Mike asked only slightly worried, Derek spaced out and just stared a lot. Like his mind was trying to process what he was seeing. Like he couldn’t believe his eyes. “Yeah, I’m just amazed you’ll have me. I mean… You’re everything…” Mike pulled him closer and kissed him, “I love you too, Derek.” One of Derek’s floppy ears flopped to the side taking them both down into the mess of his hair and they giggled for a minute at the absurdity of Derek’s ears. Then Derek slowly pressed into Mike whining loudly and trying to go slow. Under him Mike’s back arched tail tip twitching as he moaned. “Fuuuuuuuck, Derek, come on I told you I was prepped. I want you to just go for it!” But Derek held Mike’s hips down and continued his slow press, “Don’t-“ pant “Wanna come-“ pant, whine “So soon!” Mike trilled and clawed at Derek’s back in an effort to pull him closer once he was balls deep. He felt blood under his fingers and paused, “Oh shite!” He started to push Derek away, afraid he’d hurt him, but Derek leaned his head on Mike’s shoulder and breathed, “More p-please…” Mike remembered the fan theory that Derek was a masochist which was apparently true. He considered it. He didn’t want to hurt Derek, but… if how wrecked he sounded was any indication he wasn’t really hurt. Slowly Mike reached up and grabbed a fist full of Derek’s hair, to test another fan theory. He pulled Derek’s head back sharply and watched Derek’s face. His eyes locked on Mike’s and his mouth hung open, his throat was exposed showing his effort to swallow the excess drool. Mike felt Derek twitch inside his ass and shivered, “Fuck me already, damn it!” He kept his hand in Derek’s hair and moved the other to his back again as Derek started to rock slowly. They tried to keep eye contact but when Derek sped up Mike couldn’t help his eyes rolling back. They both wanted to keep going forever and ever but Mike could feel Derek’s knot start to swell and he could see the blurry eyed desperate look on his face. “Come on, Derek.” He murmured, digging his nails into Derek’s back, lighter this time. “Mike, can I- Should I- I umm.” Mike hummed when he realized what Derek was asking. “If you wanna knot me go for it, I’ve been wanting your knot for months.” Derek whined high and weak, “Fuuuck!” He slammed his knot into Mike and they both arched and shook as it stuck. The knot catching made Derek cum, but Mike wasn’t there yet so he got to watch Derek fall to pieces over him, too deep into his orgasm to care how he looked or sounded. He jerked his own cock to the show and damn was it a show. Mike’s breath caught when the first sound out of Derek’s sinful mouth was a low moan of, “Mike!” He watched Derek’s face turn up as the first wave hit him, then a loud wordless moan with a break in the middle, accompanied Derek’s head falling forward face slack and eyes glazed. His hips rocked sharply and since they couldn’t go far they went fast. He rested his forehead against Mike’s and whimpered as he just kept coming. Derek let out a soft, “Oh!” and opened his eyes to look into Mike’s, as Mike followed him down the orgasm trail. He wasn’t exactly sure how long Derek’s knot would last but he’d cum in Mike at least four times in a minute and didn’t seem anywhere near done. Nor did he seem to have any higher brain functioning left. He moaned “Mike” with every wave and rocked quickly. The small friction and the light pain of the knot pulling at him was good, but the fullness of so much cum made him cum again too. They weren’t sure how long they lay there, a tangle of sweaty limbs and cum. But when Derek’s knot popped free they swore. After a long silence of just lying in each other’s arms Mike sigh, “Do you know you have the best knot face? Anyone ever tell ya that?” Derek made an odd noise and Mike glance over to see Derek blushing darkly. “I’ve… I’ve never knotted someone before…. But I’ve been told my O face is hot?” Mike feel tingling in his chest as he grinned, “That was your first-time knotting? Damn! You-“ Mike’s eyes widened as a thought hit him and he whispered, “You gave me your first knot? Awwe! Why didn’t you ever knot before though?” Derek heaved a sigh, “Didn’t really wanna get stuck to them? I mean I loved them, I wouldn’t have had sex with them if I didn’t care but….. It never felt right….. Plus they were girls and I am still not ready to be a dad. But-“ Mike bit his lip, and tucked his face into Derek’s neck, “Yer a-feckin-dorable.”



Chapter 2



They’d cleaned up grudgingly and settled back on the couch to continue watching their movie. Mike couldn’t even remember what they were watching and he didn’t really care either. He found himself watching Derek watch the movie, watching his ears and mouth twitch in response to the screen. Derek didn’t even notice him staring until Mike started kissing at his neck and jaw. “Mike, you can’t possibly be ready to go again. I mean I’m good but I’m just one man!” Mike snorted and settled back into Derek’s embrace, “Not trying anything. Just kissing you because I can.” Derek looked down at him with a slow smile, “Oh yeah we can do that now.” He places little kiss all over Mike’s face and neck before Mike grabbed the sides of his face and kissed him insistently. They forgot about the movie all together and just goofed around. The movie ended and they didn’t notice, they’d fallen asleep forehead to forehead snuggled up in each other’s arms. But when Sheila whined and jumped on them Derek had to get up to let her outside. Potty training a pup meant that you stopped what you were doing when they had to go outside. Otherwise they’d just go inside and you had to deal with it. Derek wondered if he should get a doggy door. When he came back to the living room Mike was gone, but Derek could hear him upstairs. He smiled and turned off the tv. Sure enough Mike had gotten into his pj’s and curled up under the blankets. Derek couldn’t help watching him sleep for a minute. It was a good feeling, watching someone you loved sleep peacefully. Mike’s ears twitched and then he grumbled, “Stop staring at me and come’re.” Derek took off his shirt and crawled into bed, snuggling close to Mike and kissing his hair before falling asleep.                                                                                 *** Mike woke up horny. He rarely woke up with a craving for sex. Well yeah sex would be nice first thing in the morning but it wasn’t needed. He hadn’t really expected to wake up with this need. But he should have known better. Taking a knot tended to make him insatiable. He’d only been in two relationships where he’d taken a knot. But it always made him a little bit nympho. But Derek was recording, he could hear muffled yelling through the walls which made him smile, but damn he was horny! He got up out of bed in frustration and dug in his bag for a toy. He’d much rather go get Derek, but Derek was working and it would be rude to demand sex like that. Not only that but he could ruin the footage Derek was working on. So he found his vibrating butt plug and settled back on Derek’s side of the bed so he could smell his pillow while he fingered himself open. A half hour later Mike was in the kitchen cleaning up last night’s dishes when his ear twitched catching the sound of Derek approaching. He trilled softly in welcome and leaned his head back on Derek’s shoulder exposing his neck. “Hey, did you enjoy your game?” His voice sounded a little off to Derek who recognized the shake there. Derek smirked down at him, “Yeah…. Mike….” Mike raised his eyebrows in question but said nothing. “You’ve got something up your butt. Why…. Why do you have something up your butt?” He snorted and considered not telling him why but Derek’s expression was so interested, “Because I get a little knot hungry after I take one. And you were playing a game, so I figured I’d just put this in and wait.” Derek’s eyes darkened and he took a slow deep breath, “Oh.” Mike felt him shift his weight, he felt his breathing speed up and he noticed Derek’s ears perked up. They just stared at each other for a moment then Mike turned back to the dishes, tail swishing with a plan. He heard Derek’s confused whine and smiled, this was going to work perfectly.                                                                                 *** Mike teased him for almost an hour before Derek couldn’t stand it and he retreated to his recording room. Mike wonder if he had teased too much, as he watched Derek’s tail disappear around the corner. But that didn’t make sense. Derek had to know he wanted him for real…. Unless Derek didn’t want him… What if Derek decided he didn’t love him anymore? No that was impossible. He knew Derek. That couldn’t be right. And yet…. He felt doubt creeping and whined softly. He chewed his lip nervously and felt that little voice at the back of his mind scold him. He loves you, idiot. You know that. Yeah. Yeah, he did but he still stood there frowning at the floor wondering if he was going mad. Mad? YOU? Nooooooooo! You only hear voices in your head. He snorted at the sarcasm and took a deep breath. Maybe he should just listen to some music quietly, and relax. He found his ear buds and leaned on the breakfast bar to look out the window and watch clouds roll by. He found the music calming enough that even his confused thoughts didn’t stress him out. He thought about the situation from every angle and- Can you take out the vibrator if your gunna stand here and think for hours? Reminded of the plug he smiled and took out his ear buds. His plan may not have really worked all that well but there was a way to save this. His new plan was to sit on the edge of Derek’s desk with his legs spread and remove the plug. Then he’d just have to- When he turned around his thoughts faltered and he just stared. Derek was leaning against the door way, watching him…. Wearing a short slinky black dress. 

 And fuck did that kill any coherent though Mike might have been capable of. Derek looked him up and down, smirked and spread his legs just a touch. “So, what did you want to have for lunch, Mike? Did you wanna eat here? Or we could go out to eat…. What’re you hungry for?” Mike blinked as Derek stepped away to open the fridge and ignore his staring. The back of the dress lifted slightly to give Derek’s tail room to move. But it also showed off Derek’s delicious legs and a bit of ass. “We could make….” Derek listed several options for food and Mike was confused for a moment, until Derek’s display made sense. Oh, so this was how it felt to be teased. No wonder Derek had just up and walked away, Mike wasn’t sure how to respond. He decided to just roll with it. “Hmmm, well I don’t think I’m dressed enough to go out.” He gestured to his boxers and his BERLIN shirt. “But I’d love to eat out anyway.” Mike smirked when he saw Derek shiver, ears turned back to listen to Mike. Derek took a deep breath and closed the fridge, “Okay, well if we’re going out to eat-“ Mike cut him off with a low moan, leaning heavily back on the counter. “Fuck, just lemme get this plug out, the vibrating is killing me.” He took off his boxers and sat on the edge of the counter, he leaned back and looked up at Derek through his lashes, “Help me out here, will you?” Derek stepped closer and slid his hands up Mike’s legs to rest on his thighs. Mike sighed, tilting his head back slightly. Two could play at this game, and he was glad Derek wanted to play.  Derek exhaled slowly as he rubbed small circles on Mike’s thighs and they just looked each other over for a moment. Then he reached down and pressed his thumb against the base of the plug, making Mike gasp. “Derek, take the plug out already!” Derek ignored him in favor of rhythmically pressing on the plug, driving Mike insane. He grabbed his own cock to hold the base tightly, breathing heavily he watched Derek watch him. And Derek watched him intensely. Watching his muscles twitch, watching his ears move from flat against his head to perked up and focused on Derek. Watching the rise and fall of Mike’s chest, watching him chew his lip. Derek moved his hand away from the plug and rubbed his bulge against the base of the plug and Mike’s ass. It was an odd feeling seeing Derek move like that and feeling something vibrate in his as. It made him giggle. Derek raised his eyebrows and smiled, “What?” Mike sighed as Derek pulled at the plug finally, “The vibration and the image of it being your dick was hilarious. Your Robocock is sexy and pleasant, but still hilarious.” “Oh, you think my robocock is funny? You don’t even know how I got this!” Derek mocked as he slowly pulled the plug out and turned it off. They smiled at each other as Derek leaned down to kiss him, “How’d you get that robocock, Derek?” “Was trying follow a recipe and step one I got my dick caught in a blender. They gave me a robocock in replacement.” They dissolved into giggles. Derek leaning over Mike, with the side of his face pressed to Mike’s shoulder. Mike leaning back on his elbows head thrown back to let out his amusement. When they stopped giggling Derek started nibbling at Mike’s neck humming slightly. Mike sighed and shifted to he was laying completely on the counter, with his ass off the edge. “Your dress is one of the hottest damn things I’ve ever seen. Where and when did you get it?” Derek huffed a laugh and leaned back to he could lift the hem the short distance up so his cock was free.He rubbed over Mike’s hole smoothly as he explained, “My friend sent me a link to it online as a joke. I don’t think he thought I’d really buy it and wear it. But it looked so cute I thought why not, you know?” He pressed into Mike slowly and groaned, “And…. Uggh! And when it got here I tried it on and it just worked so well! But I thought it was too…. Something to post on social media. You’re the first one to see it on me.” Mike whined, back arching, hands gripping Derek’s shoulders. “Can I be the only one to see you in it? And possibly out of it later?” Derek snorted and settled flush with Mike’s hips. “Does that mean you wanna see me naked? Mike! Buy me dinner first!” Mike raised his eyebrows, “Says the dude balls deep in my ass! Besides I thought we were gunna eat out? But so far I’ve seen nothing to eat!” Derek shook with repressed laughter as he started to thrust slowly, “Want some nuts?” They both burst into uncontrollable laughter. Derek continued to slowly and gently rock while they laughed until Mike managed to giggle out, “Derek, I’ve had a butt plug in for hours! You’re not gunna hurt me with your robocock! Just-“ Derek slammed into Mike, pushing Mike a bit with the force. Derek set a fast vaguely desperate pace, holding Mike’s hips in a death grip. Both Derek’s and Mike’s ears were flat against their heads. Both gripped the other tightly, and both were trying not to giggle about robococks or Dez Nuts. “Close.” Derek hissed, hips stuttering. But he paid more attention this time. He saw Mike wasn’t as close. He silently promised Mike not to leave him hanging again. Mike moaned as Derek started jerking his cock and biting at his neck not a moment after declaring he was close. He was both amused that Derek was taking care of him and also enjoying his own quickly building orgasm. Derek still came first, knot locking his hips to Mike’s. And again he keened “Mike!” But this time he did his best to keep his eyes open and focused on Mike. So this time he got watch when Mike came. The pressure of his knot, and his fist around his cock brought him his orgasm moments after Derek. He squeezed his eyes shut, body arching and shaking, small whines and moans spilling from his open mouth. Derek kept jerking him, knowing Mike could come more than once, and fully intending to keep him cuming until he couldn’t anymore. Two minutes later Mike smacked Derek’s arm, “Oh too much! Too much! Fuck, that… Was just what I wanted when I woke up this morning. Thank you.” Derek kissed Mike sweetly and then scooped him into his arms for what Mike assumed was a hug. But the Derek straightened up and carried him upstairs. Mike may or may not have had a strong aftershock of cuming. He deeeeefinitely didn’t cum dry again. So he had a kink for Derek’s strength.  Who wouldn’t? When they settled on the bed Derek smirked at him, “Did you not think I could carry you? I am bigger and stronger you know.” Mike snorted, “Bulk and strength, yes. But we’re the same height.” Derek mocked being offended, “Nooo! I’m taller by at least two inches!” Mike mocked seriousness, “Derek, your hair doesn’t count towards your height! Nor does your ego!” There was a pause then they were giggling again. This had to be the best day ever. He played with the neck of Derek’s dress and smiled at him, “I love you.” Derek kissed his forehead, “I love you too, Oliver.”



Chapter 3



“Hey, Manny? Can he keep that outfit?” The camera crew had already packed up and was gone, but the cast stayed in their costumes to skate because the space was rented for another hour or two. Manny raised his eyebrows and glanced at Derek. Who Mike was staring at with a smirk. “Only if you come hang out more, we’ll play games with you or do more videos…. Or just hangout.” Mike smiled at Manny, “Of course. I just…. Really wanna fuck him while he looked like a fucking idiot. A hot leather jacket wearing idiot.” Manny laughed out loud, “Hell yeah man! Do it!” Mike shook his head, Manny and Allen were honestly the coolest most relaxed cats he’d ever met.                                                                                 *** Derek wasn’t really all that loud in bed compared to Mike. Sure he’d moan and hum, and make small noises caused by breathing. But he didn’t curse and babble and scream like Mike. But now with Mike pushing slowly inside him he babbled and swore. “Ah, Fuck, Oliver! Oh fuck, why haven’t you ever told me this would feel so- Uggh! Damn it! It’s like it hurts but it’s good and I want more but I don’t and I’m hot and cold all at once and- Ah! Oliver! This is extremely weird, yeah I mean I’ve been on the other end of this but oh! Oh! Stop, stop! What’s- what’s….. oh, fuck that’s- that’s the base. Oh you’re that deep already? Oh fuck. Oh man, oh that’s…. surprisingly warm. How are you that warm? I thought insides were warmer than a cock? But I suppose all that blood. Oh ew weird thought. Ah!“ Mike leaned down and kissed Derek unsure how else to handle the situation. He couldn’t tell if Derek loved this or not. And as soon as Mike’s un-popped knot had started to stretch him more he’d been focused on it, eyes wide, breathing heavy. Mike held still and kissed Derek until he thought the babbling had stopped. But as soon as he leaned back Derek started babbling again. “Derek! Calm down just tell me something?” Derek paused, shaking just a little. “Yeah, what? Uggh.” Mike bit his lip, “Do you like this? Cuz if you don’t we can stop and do something else….” Derek held his breath then threw himself up to knock Mike backwards so he was straddling his hips. Which pushed the rest of Mike’s cock into Derek. Derek gasped, nails digging into Mike’s left shoulder and right side as he shivered. “Oh. Damn. That wasn’t quite what I was going for….. But umm… It worked out well.” Mike couldn’t breathe. Derek clenched around him and the view…. Derek looked confused and amazed at the same time. “What were you going for?” He asked breathlessly.  Derek raised his eyebrows without opening his eyes and cleared his throat, “Oh, well, you know I was gunna try and be all sexy and just kinda sink the rest of the way down. But- This is good. Uggh fuck fuck fuck I can- I can- I can feel your pulse? That’s weird. Why does that feel good? Oh that feels good.” Normally Mike wouldn’t find rambling like this hot. But Derek’s need to explain what he was feeling was… Really hot. Like having to unsexy thoughts to stop yourself from popping a knot level of sexy. It wasn’t even that his voice was low and smooth. It wasn’t. At least not right now. Right now it was higher. Not high but above is normal conversational pitch. More like when something weird happened and he was trying to understand it. Talking about how he could feel him inside himself? Fuck! Mike groaned and closed his eyes which only made it worse for him when Derek lifted himself up and almost off them slid back down with a long whined, “Fuuuuuuuuuuuuck me. It’s better going in than coming out. Why is that? It’s oh…” Mike opened his eyes to see Derek’s eyes opened and searching Mike’s face, mouth hanging open. “I don’t know why, Derek. I like these things too. I really do, but- next time you top I’m doing this to you. Telling you everything I feel. I know your doing it because it’s new to you but it’s really really sexy and I might pop if you keep it up.” Derek just stared and Mike for a second and then smirked. Mike didn’t know what to expect but Derek suddenly rocking and circling his hips moaning loudly wasn’t it. “Derek-!” Mike choked as he popped in Derek. And they stuck. And then through his blurry vision he watched Derek’s expression shift rapidly. Surprise, confusion, ecstasy, then worry. “Oh, but I’m not cuming? I felt like I was there but it’s not OH!” Mike bucked his hips and jerked Derek’s cock eyes locked on Derek’s. “Not everyone cums from just a knot, Derek.” Derek’s face was blissed as he came twitching and pulsing around Mike who just kept cuming. Derek noticed and his short laugh made Mike twitch, “Oh, fuck, you’re just filling me up. All that pressure. How do you stand it?” He came again limbs twitching as he slowly began to flop backwards, “Oh that’s- Yeah.” Mike sat up as Derek fell down, which seemed to confuse him. “Mike?” Mike licked his lips, “If you just fell back, my knot would pull at you and hurt you.” A wave of pleasure rippled through him as Derek wiggled his hips in thanks. “Fuck! Derek! You did that on purpose!” He laughed, before jerking Derek through another orgasm, and trying to keep his eyes focused enough to watch Derek fall apart. Mike just looked at his boyfriend for a minute. Sweaty and glowing from multiple orgasms, wearing nothing but a leather jacket and cheap sunglasses. He petted through Derek’s hair and played with his ears, making Derek grin. “Hey, do you think we could try to see each other more? Even…. Even if it’s just to hang out or to go to a thing together? Cuz…” Derek smile slowly saddened, “Cuz I’m gunna miss seeing you every morning. And… I’m gunna miss just reaching over and playing with your hair. I’m gunna miss you, Oliver.” Mike leaned down and kisses Derek as sweetly as he could, “Yeah. We’ll do our best to see each other as often as possible. You know what? I’m gunna miss you too. But we still have two days before my flight back.” They tried to stay awake to enjoy the rest of their day, but with all the running around and acting all day, then sex, they were tired. Besides they loved waking up and seeing each other first thing.                                                                                 *** Mike woke to see Derek just looking at him, eyes a little teary with a soft smile, “Hey.” Derek spoke softly and he could tell Derek hadn’t been awake long. Mike smiled at Derek and pulled him closer to snuggle, nuzzling Derek’s face, “Heya.” Derek sighed and kissed his boyfriend sweetly, “I was thinking… I know you said neither of us could get pregnant… Are you sure?” Mike scrunched his nose, “That… is some furry shite, Derek. We can’t get pregnant. We don’t have the stuff….” He pulled back to look Derek in the eyes. He noted the light blush and down cast brown eyes and smiled slowly, “Derek… Do ye have a breeding kink?” Derek hid his face in Mike’s shoulder with a whine, “Maybe.” Mike smirked into Derek’s hair, “Who…. Who do you want to carry our pups, Derek?” He asked pitching his voice lower. Derek shook a little and let out a small sound but didn’t respond. Mike slowly tangled his fingers in his boyfriend’s long hair and then swiftly pulled his head back to Derek had to look at him. “Derek…. Do you wanna be stuffed with my pups?” Derek moaned, eyes going unfocused, body shaking and his ears didn’t seem to know if they wanted to stand straight up or fold back. “Yes, Oliver. I want you to fill me up.” Derek breathed, tail thumping on the bed. Mike’s little smirk made him smile back, “I kinda know the feeling you mentioned…. Being knot hungry? That was…. I want it again, Oliver.” Mike kissed Derek hard, climbing over him to straddle his hips. He nipped at Derek’s lips and ground his crotch down on Derek’s humming when he felt how hard Derek was already. “Mmm! Oliver!” Derek gasped softly, “Want you. Please?” Mike hummed low, “Oh I will. I’ll fold you in half and breed you full. Just lemme open this sweet like ass up, hmm?” Derek arched and nodded quickly, “Yes! Yes, please!” Mike moved down so his face was over Derek’s dick and he kissed the tip of Derek’s cock through his pants. Derek was groaned and squirmed and begged as Mike slowly fingered him open with vanilla scented lube and sucked his cock deep into his throat. He hardly noticed how far Mike was until the head of his cock rubbed over Derek’s hole and his eyes snapped open in surprise. “Ready to be breed, Baby?” Derek shivered at the words, he nodded quickly then paused, “Can…” He blushed and cleared his throat. Looking up at the fox through his eye lashes he murmured, “Can you take me from behind?” Mike groaned and nodded, “Oh yeah. I can do that. Get comfy.” He watched Derek scramble into position and shivered at the view. Before he could turn this into a body worshipping session he pressed into Derek with a curse. Derek moaned at the sensation and bit the pillow to stop himself from babbling without hindering the moans and whines that escaped. The fact that he was bent over on all fours, with his boyfriend pounding into him growling about breeding him made him cum oh so much faster than either of them expected. “You… You really like this, hmm?” Mike asked panting as he pounded into Derek. Derek just whimpered and pushed back on his boyfriend’s cock, “Knot me! Please! Please knot me and fill me up!” Mike groaned at that and was startled by his own orgasm. He gasped and panted and clung to Derek as he came, jerking Derek’s dick as he shook with aftershocks. Just before his knot went down Mike growled into Derek’s ear, “You make a good bitch, taking my cock so good, taking my cum, taking my knot. You feel that?” He rocked, “You feel my cum in your ass? You’re pregnant, no doubt.” Derek keened as Mike’s dick slipped out of him and the feeling of all that cum pouring out of him made him groan. “Oh my god that was so fucking good.” Derek panted as Mike got off the bed. Mike tugged at Derek’s arm, “C’mon, we should shower and get some breakfast.” Derek grumbled and winced and whined all the way to the bathroom but hummed and relaxed once he was under the warm spray of the shower. Mike watched his boyfriend carefully, “You good? Don’t hurt too much? I was kinda rough with you.” Derek smiled at his fox and sighed, “You were amazing. But later I have an idea I wanna try.” Mike raised his eyebrows. “Oh? What might that be?” Derek smiled slyly, “I wanna see if we can fuck the same flesh light and knot in it without having problems.” Mike’s breath caught at the idea and he smiled back, “Sounds good to me!”                                                                                                 *** They showered slowly, with lots of little kisses and talking. They washed each other and sang silly songs about dicks. But eventually they were clean and the water was cold. They ate curled up on the couch, watching kids cartoons and laughing. They walked Sheila and played with her at a park, until she was tired. It was domestic, it was comfortable and it was perfect. They recorded a video together and kissed on camera, a sweet chaste kiss. Derek joked that their fan base was going to cum in their pants at that. And then Mike acted that out making them both laugh. They tried Derek’s idea, and loved it. By then it was getting dark out and they curled up in bed, falling asleep quickly.                                                                                                 *** Mike woke up first and pet Derek’s hair until he woke up. “When do you have to go? Why do you have to go?” Derek spoke softly and Mike sighed. “My flight leaves at two. I-I want to stay. I do. But I have so much I have to do, and all my things are there. I have to go back, even if it’s just to pack everything up.” Derek’s ears perked up, “Are you going back to pack?!” His tail thumped against the bed as he focused on his boyfriend. Mike nodded with a smile, “Unless you don’t want me to….” Derek rolled them so he was between Mike’s legs and kissed him hard, “No. I want you here. Right here with me.” Mike smiled, “Then here is where I’ll be, Derek. I love you.” Derek kissed the end of Mike’s nose, “I love you too, Oliver.”




Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



