



Take a Breath Take a - xxdevilishxx - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Take a Breath (Take a Step)
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/8821075.
  


Rating:
General Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Jung Hoseok | J-Hope
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope
Additional Tags:
Domestic Fluff, sick hoseok, Jungkook takes care of him, if you're looking for a point or a plot there isn't any, this is just an excuse for me to write them as cute domestic boyfriends, there's a second part to it, that dwelves into their second meeting, wherein jungkook promptly fainted into hoseok's arms the minute they met
Series:
Part 7 of
Boyfriends
Stats:

        Published: 2016-12-11
        Words: 5213
      

Take a Breath (Take a Step)
by xxdevilishxx
Summary
In which Hoseok falls sick and Jungkook takes cares of him.
Notes
For Sofie, Thank you for always being ready to talk JungHope with me and not making me feel like a crazy person when I rant about them. (Also, not proofread like all my other works)



Take a Breath (Take a Step)

Jungkook fishes around the pocket of his jeans for his keys, making a small sound of triumph once he manages to dig them out, the multiple keychains that hang off a single, large keyring rattling and tinkling against each other. Inserting the narrow, golden, brass key into the keyhole, he unlocks the door and steps inside, wiping his boots across the mat in short, swift movements, leaving streaks of white onto the brown rug. A smile tugs on his face at the sight of the other pair of boots resting on the welcome mat beside his own, leaving him grinning as he swivels to the side, dropping his keys into the little bowl on the nearby short, dark brown console table.After having removed his Timberlands, Jungkook strides down the hall while unbuttoning his jacket, peeking around the corner to quickly glance into the living room. It’s rare for him to be the last one home, Hoseok almost always leaving work after him, but the knowledge that he doesn’t have to wait for the older man to get home today makes him happy as he peels off his coat.Turning the corner and entering the small living room – outfitted with a beige sectional couch, a medium-brown love seat, a low, chocolate brown coffee table, and a black, flat-screen television across from the furniture – Jungkook finds the person at the forefront of his mind lying across the length of the couch, fast asleep. After tossing his winter coat over the arm of the unoccupied two-seater and smiling at the sight of the throw pillows that normally decorate the sectional shoved haphazardly to the side, Jungkook turns back to his boyfriend, treading over to where Hoseok is lying.He eyes the older man’s slightly odd sleeping position - left leg completely stretched out while the right is bent at the knee, nearly hanging off the couch. Hoseok’s got one palm flat against his exposed navel with fingers loosely curled into his black slacks, and the other hand extended backwards behind his head, clutching tightly onto the arm of the sofa. His position has his slightly crinkled, blue and white checkered dress shirt riding upwards, hem untucked, exposing a strip of honey-coloured skin.Jungkook shakes his head, smiling to himself fondly, and pulls his cell phone out of the back pocket of his jeans. He chuckles to himself softly as he takes a photo of Hoseok asleep, focusing on the way the older man’s mouth is hanging open as he inhales a shallow breath of air, before twisting to the side and grabbing the throw blanket they frequently use to cover themselves when they cuddle off the love seat.Unfolding the folded, woolen cover with quick hands, he drapes it over the length of Hoseok’s legs, adjusting it so it covers the older man’s feet. Jungkook carefully tugs at the hem of the older man’s shirt to pull it down, covering up Hoseok’s exposed middle, and then pulls the blanket up to his boyfriend’s chest, tucking him in.Crouching down by Hoseok’s head that’s lolled to the side after he’s done, Jungkook stares at his boyfriend for a good minute, a soft smile taking over his lips as he admires his lover’s features – eyes tracing over the delicate nose, the long, black lashes, and the protruding apple cheeks they’re fanned against. Something about the sight of the other man sleeping so soundly fills his entire being with warmth, happiness bubbling inside him, and heart thudding gently in his ribcage.Jungkook jumps then, eyes widening in surprise, when, amidst his admiring and staring, Hoseok’s eyes suddenly fly open, looking straight at him. It shocks Jungkook enough to knock him off balance, causing him to fall backwards, flat on his butt. He opens his mouth to say something when Hoseok blinks at him sleepily, his pink, heart-shaped lips quirking up into a part-amused part-triumphant smile.Voice husky and scratchy, laced with sleep, eyes fighting to stay open, and head still turned to face him, Hoseok asks Jungkook with the smallest of smirks, “Am I that attractive?”Jungkook’s mouth drops open at the question, the teasing twinkle apparent in his boyfriend’s sleep-hooded eyes, but he’s quick to shake his head. Crossing his legs as if he’d planned on sitting down the entire time, Jungkook answers matter-of-factly, a smirk dancing on his lips as well, “Of course not. I was just wondering how someone could look so unattractive while sleeping.”He’s rewarded with a chuckle for his nonchalant response, the scratchy, rough sound he wishes he could listen to forever permeating his skin and making him shiver in delight. Hoseok’s laughter makes his smirk curve into a genuine, slightly dopy grin, one that he can’t keep off his face no matter how hard he tries.Hoseok nods his head in mock understanding after his reply, making a noncommittal sound of agreement, “Sure, love.”“Yes, totally,” Jungkook affirms, leaning back on his wrists and gazing up at Hoseok with bright, mischievous eyes. He watches the older man shift from his back, turning to lie on his side, letting out a soft groan as he does, before sighing out softly in contentment, eyes fluttering close.“Tired?” Jungkook asks quietly and receives a small nod and a hum in response.Sitting up on his knees, he inches closer to the couch his boyfriend is lying on, and brings a hand up to caress the older man’s hair. Gently, Jungkook combs his fingers through Hoseok’s soft, black locks, pausing occasionally to sort through a tangle, and the motions extract a blissful sigh out of his boyfriend.Hoseok makes an appreciative sound at the back of his throat under his careful ministrations, blindly reaching forward with a hand and curling it into the material of Jungkook’s shirt to hold onto him, keeping him in place. The action makes Jungkook chuckle, but he continues parting and stroking Hoseok’s hair, scratching the older man’s scalp lightly.Moving his hand away from his boyfriend’s hair when Hoseok’s hold on him starts to loosen, sinking deeper into sleep, Jungkook caresses the older man’s cheek instead, frowning when he realizes it’s warm to touch. He presses his palm flat against Hoseok’s forehead, gauging the temperature, and then shifts his hand down to touch the back of it to the older man’s neck.His eyebrows furrow together in worry at how warm the older man’s skin is, and when Jungkook lifts his gaze, he finds Hoseok looking back at him with heavy-lidded, curious eyes.“You’re warm, hyung,” Jungkook tells him in a soft voice, face concerned and lips tugging downwards. The lack of surprise on the older man’s face, however, tells him that his boyfriend is already aware of that particular tidbit of information.Hoseok smiles softly at the worry on his face, eyes fluttering close, and he tilts his head to the side, trapping Jungkook’s hand between his shoulder and neck, murmuring quietly, “Thanks. I know I’m hot.”Jungkook snorts at the statement without really meaning to, pulling his hand away from Hoseok’s neck, and then sits back of his haunches causing Hoseok’s arm to stretch out, fingers still fisted into the material of Jungkook’s shirt. Pulling the older man’s hand gently out of the fabric of his top, Jungkook instead intertwines their fingers, squeezing softly, “You should’ve let me know you were sick. Did you take a half day?”“Of course not,” Hoseok replies back in a soft, incredulous tone.“Even though you knew you were ill?” Jungkook raises an unimpressed eyebrow, pulling his hand out of Hoseok’s hold and crossing his arms.Hoseok smiles at him gently to disarm him, wiggling his fingers to ask for Jungkook’s hand back. His lips stretch further when the younger boy sighs and gives him what he’s asked for, and then says, “I wasn’t so bad then. Promise. I didn’t even have a fever until after I got home.”Jungkook’s lips press into a line, not looking pleased, before he asks, “Have you eaten anything since you came home?”Hoseok has the decency to look a little sheepish as he shakes his head, eyelids hardly staying open, “Nope.”Jungkook huffs, “Why not?”“Because I didn’t feel like eating?” Hoseok tries for a winning smile.“Bet you didn’t take any medicine either,” Jungkook mutters with a frown.“I would’ve,” Hoseok explains slowly, in a soft voice, “but you know they can’t be taken on an empty stomach, Kook-ah.”Hoseok tightens his grip on the younger boy’s hand when Jungkook sighs and turns big, disappointed eyes on him. He brings the boy’s arm closer to his mouth, kissing the inside of his wrist, “It’s not so bad, baby. Better than it looks, I swear.”“Clearly,” Jungkook mutters, shifting his gaze away from Hoseok’s. He tries to tug his hand away from the older man’s hold, but Hoseok’s grip is surprisingly firm.“Are you angry?”“A little,” Jungkook answers truthfully biting the inside of his cheek as he lifts his eyes to look at Hoseok.“Sorry,” Hoseok says sincerely. “I was going to get up and eat eventually, but I fell asleep. See, I didn’t even change.”Jungkook sighs and nods his head in understanding, “It’s fine, don’t apologize. You just worry me sometimes, hyung, when you disregard your health like that. Rest here, okay? I’ll make you something to eat.”Hoseok smiles at Jungkook as the boy stands up to leave, and then tugs at his wrist gently to pull him back where he was, “No, don’t go.”Jungkook bites the inside of his cheek to prevent the smile that threatens to burst onto his lips from breaking through, opting to shake his head fondly at the older man’s behaviour. Hoseok’s fingers settle into his belt loops, attempting to pull him down onto the couch, as the older man whines, “Lie down with me for a bit. I’m cold and you’re not.”Grinning teasingly, Jungkook leans down, face hovering inches above Hoseok’s. His grin widens when the older man’s head shifts to meet his eyes, Hoseok’s complete attention solely on him, “But I thought you were hot, hyung.”Hoseok’s face splits into a wide, happy smile at the words, and the elder teases him back, “You think I’m hot?”“Now, don’t twist my words around. I never said that.”Hoseok makes a show of thinking, humming audibly, and asks to clarify, “So you don’t think I’m hot?”Jungkook laughs, shaking his head and giving Hoseok an affectionate grin, “Not really, no.”He chuckles when his boyfriend’s face melds into an exaggerated pout, Hoseok asking, “Yeah? Why are you dating me, then?”Crouching down, Jungkook curves a gentle hand around Hoseok’s cheek, cupping the older man’s face in his larger hand, and asks with a smile, “Why? Must a person find someone else hot to date them?”Hoseok turns his face to kiss the center of Jungkook’s palm, and answers with a smile after pretending to think for a few moments, “Well, I guess not. Otherwise, I wouldn’t be dating you.”Jungkook’s eyebrows jump up to his hairline, and he tilts his head inquisitively, asking in an amused tone, “Is that so?”Hoseok aims for an innocent look, trying to curb his grin, and then nods his head, “Yup!”Jungkook moves up to sit on the edge of the couch, watching Hoseok shift backwards to accommodate him before turning to lie down on his back and looking straight up at Jungkook. Tilting his face down until their foreheads rest together, the younger boy gives his boyfriend a wide grin, saying airily, “Well, I must be something really amazing, then, to have captured your attention like that.”Hoseok laughs, and using a well maneuvered hand, lowers Jungkook’s face until he can peck the younger boy’s nose without much difficulty. “I don’t know about amazing, sweetheart, but you asking to sleep at my place on our very first meeting and then fainting straight into my arms on our second one made you kind of memorable in my mind.”Jungkook’s cheek colour at the reminder of the old memories, and he ducks his head to hide his flushed face into Hoseok’s shoulder, chest pressed flat against the older man’s. His shoulder quake with laughter as do Hoseok’s as they both reminisce, and they let out matching, pleasant sighs once Hoseok’s arms wrap around his shoulders, holding him close.“It’s a good trick, you see, the fainting, that is,” Jungkook says after a while, trying not to giggle as he speaks into Hoseok’s neck. “It’s how I’ve seduced all my previous boyfriends, too. So, don’t feel flattered.”“Is that so?” Hoseok’s voice sounds amused and curious at the same time, and his eyes flicker over Jungkook’s smiling face as the boy leans back to look him in the eye.“Yeah,” Jungkook tries to nod solemnly but a small laugh makes its way past his lips when Hoseok raises a single eyebrow at him. “It’s worked for me so far, and I have faith that it’ll succeed me with future ones either.”“Too bad you won’t get to test that last bit out,” Hoseok tells him matter-of-factly, lips tugging down and arms wrapping tightly around the younger boy’s middle when Jungkook laughs at his statement.“Is that so?” Jungkook tilts his head to the side, amused.“Yeah. I’ll just handcuff us together and throw away the key if you try to leave. I’m not good at letting people or things go, okay?”Jungkook giggles especially at the solemn expression Hoseok wears, before he nods his head, “I know you aren’t, but meanwhile can you at least me go so I can make you something to eat?”Hoseok shakes his head in response, pouting when Jungkook laughs again, and puts up a strong, unrelenting fighting when his boyfriend tries to escape from his hold. They struggle against each other for a good minute, spontaneous peals of laughter escaping both of them as they do, and despite being in the midst of a laughing fit, fingers tickling his sides, Jungkook still manages to physically pry away the older man’s hands from around him.Huffing, Jungkook stands with a smile, holding both of Hoseok’s wrists tightly in between his larger hands, and when the older man struggles against his hold, he teases, “I ought to tie you up, hyung.”“I think I’ll be okay with that,” Hoseok says with a wink, laughing when Jungkook’s mouth drops open. Hoseok laughs harder when Jungkook continues to stare at him, sending a flying kiss in his boyfriend’s direction when the younger boy shakes his head in disbelief.“You seem to be feeling better already,” Jungkook mutters to himself with a smile as he lets Hoseok’s hands go, standing up straight.Hoseok hums in agreement, extending his hand out and wiggling his fingers cutely at the younger boy, “Cuddle with me for a bit and I’ll be completely okay.”Jungkook leans down to touch Hoseok’s forehead at the statement, lips tugging down, and then shakes his head, “I don’t think so. Your fever’s climbing still.”Hoseok frowns, tilting his head to the side, but sighs in defeat, nodding his head in acceptance. He smiles when Jungkook adjusts the blanket around him again, stroking his hair gently a few times and dropping a kiss against his forehead before telling to rest for a bit while he gets started on dinner. Hoseok watches him go and after a while hears the tap running and pots and pans being moved. Jungkook’s gentle humming carries through from the kitchen location adjacent to the living room and Hoseok lets himself focus on the sound, letting it wash over him and lulling him back into a fitful sleep. --“Hey?”Hoseok blinks awake, waking up for the third time that day to Jungkook’s face inches away from his own. Weary and dazed, he looks at his boyfriend in confusion before realizing that he’s in the living room, still dressed in the clothes he wore to work in the morning. Lifting his head, he surveys the room, eyes drifting back to his lover when Jungkook’s hand touches his cheek.Jungkook looks distressed, “You have a really high fever, hyung. Come eat so you can take your medicine.”Hoseok nods, wiping at the bit of the drool at the corner of his mouth with the back of his hand. He groans as he makes a move to sit up, body aching everywhere, and lets out a deep breath once he manages to upright himself. He gives Jungkook a small smile at the look of concern on the boy’s face, and says reassuringly, “I’m okay. Just woke up, so it’s bad.”“Can you get up on your own?” Jungkook’s eyes are filled with worry, eyebrows furrowed as his hand curls around Hoseok’s bicep.The question makes Hoseok splutter with laughter, and he cups the younger boy’s cheeks between his palms, bumping their foreheads lightly, “I’m not dying, love. It’s just a fever.”“A fever can kill,” Jungkook replies swiftly, lips still tugged down into a frown.“Death needs such excuses to take you away,” Hoseok tells him. “Even if you’re careful, it’ll find another excuse.”“I don’t believe that.”Hoseok nods his head, and changes the topic, looking over at their too-small-for-two dining table, clustered with bowls and plates. He leans his head down into the crook of Jungkook’s shoulder, breathing in his boyfriend’s freshly showered scent, “What’d you make?”“Food.” Jungkook still sounds cross and his petty tone of voice makes Hoseok laugh loudly.“Good, food is always good,” Hoseok nods to himself, trying not to smile too hard when Jungkook’s eyes narrow at him. Standing up, he takes Jungkook’s hand in his own, pulling him away from the sofa and over to the dining table where the hot food awaits them.He pushes Jungkook down into his designated chair, adjacent to Hoseok’s at their square table instead of across. He gives his boyfriend a knowing smile as he eyes his favourite foods at the table, heart melting as he turns his gaze back to Jungkook who refuses to meet his eyes.“Thank you,” Hoseok says gently, sitting down, and the sincerity in his voice makes Jungkook look up at him with a smile.“You’re welcome,” the boy says clearly, a soft, affectionate smile dancing on his lips. Jungkook takes the initiative when Hoseok continues to eye the food laid out across the table, picking up and dropping a small piece of meat on top of his rice.Hoseok smiles at him gratefully, and instead of picking up his spoon to scoop up and eat some rice, he turns his body towards Jungkook instead. Jungkook’s lips form a small ‘o’ when Hoseok opens his mouth, gesturing for the boy to feed him.Jungkook looks at him in disbelief, a grin tugging on his face, as he stares at his lover sitting there with his mouth open expectantly.“You…” Jungkook starts, shaking his head. “You were just waiting for me to come home so you could do all this, weren’t you?”Hoseok laughs, nodding, “Yup! Waiting so you could make me food, feed me with your own hands, and pamper me all night long.”Jungkook snorts at Hoseok’s mischievous, bright, and full-of-mirth eyes, shaking his head and letting out a deep sigh. He picks up the spoon, nevertheless, “I suppose I could take that role on for a few days.”Hoseok playfully gasps, eyes going wide and hand come up to his chest, “A few days? Wow, I must have done something amazing to deserve my boyfriend taking care of me for a few days.”Jungkook laughs lightly, and then solemnly nods his head, giving Hoseok a teasing, smug look, “Yeah, must have saved a country or something in your past life.”“Tell me about it, huh?” Hoseok’s smile knows no bounds, gaze loving as he watches Jungkook gather some rice.Jungkook doesn’t say anything in response, gaze jumping up to share a small, teasing but knowing smile with Hoseok for a few brief seconds before it drops back down as he scoops up some rice.It isn’t much but that little look is enough for the butterflies in Hoseok’s stomach to flap their wings, warmth filling his entire being. His fingers snake around the wrist of the younger’s free arm, as he murmurs, “I really want to kiss you.”Jungkook laughs, lifting the spoon up to Hoseok’s mouth who accepts the food eagerly, and then rolls his eyes as the older man chews, gazing at him expectantly, “You’re going to make me sick, too, hyung.”Hoseok raises an eyebrow when, despite his words, Jungkook doesn’t bother switching his spoons, take a bite of the food using the one Hoseok had used. The younger boy looks up at him as he feels his stare, and Hoseok swallows his mouthful, uttering, “That’s kinda the plan, love. Then we can both take sick days off and cuddle all day long.”Jungkook chews around his food thoughtfully, swallowing and muttering, “Except I’ll probably only get sick after you recover, and then you’ll have to go to work while I have to stay at home sick.”“Not to worry,” Hoseok tells him with a gleam in his eye, prying the spoon out of Jungkook’s hold to feed himself and then the younger boy, “I’ve been saving up my sick days for opportunities like that.”Jungkook snatches the spoon away from Hoseok’s hold, giving the older man a glare when he tries to reach for it again, “Don’t waste your sick days on me hyung. Use them for when you need them, okay? You get sick easily anyway.”“But, baby, they won’t be wasted if I get to spend them with you,” Hoseok directs his sweetest, most innocent smile in his boyfriend’s direction, chuckling with Jungkook gives him an unimpressed face, a single eyebrow raised.“Eat,” Jungkook mutters, shoving a spoonful of food into Hoseok’s mouth who starts to laugh, cooing at the reddened tips of the younger boy’s ears. He rubs away at them fondly, chuckling when his hand is batted away and Jungkook threatens, “If you keep that up, I won’t let you kiss me the entire week.”“Okay, okay!” Hoseok straightens up quickly, pulling his hand away, and waits diligently for Jungkook to feed him. He makes a soft noise at the back of this throat suddenly as he remembers something, and it catches his boyfriend’s attention. “Oh, eomma texted me today while I was at work, and asked me to invite you to come home with me for the New Year in February. I know you’re going down to visit your parents, but maybe on the last day…?”Jungkook looks up in surprise, blinking at Hoseok, “Really? Your mum invited me?”“Why are you so surprised?” Hoseok tilts his head to the side curiously. “She wanted to meet you, so she did.”“Ah,” Jungkook makes a soft noise, looking down at the food. “She’s already met me, though.”“Yes,” Hoseok nods, chewing thoughtfully, “but it’s different when you meet someone who’s your son’s friend and when you meet someone who’s your son’s boyfriend, you know?”Jungkook flushes at the statement, looking up hesitantly, “I thought she didn’t like me, though.”“Why would you think that?”The younger boy shrugs, putting the utensils in hand down on the table, and rubs the back of his neck awkwardly, “I didn’t exactly make a good impression the first time.”“You were fine, baby. Don’t be worried, alright?” Hoseok tells him softly, covering Jungkook’s hand with his own, smaller one. He watches Jungkook stare at his hand rubbing small circles into the younger boy’s skin, and says, “Just think of it as a second chance to impress her even more, and be the charmer we both know you are.”Jungkook laughs, raising affectionate eyes up from their hands to look at Hoseok. He reaches forward to press his lips against the older man’s, pulling away seconds later, and murmurs, “Okay. I love you.”“I love you, too,” Hoseok confesses, eyes weary but smile brighter than the sun. “Maybe I can drop by and meet your parents for a few hours on the first day? Stay for breakfast?”Jungkook nods eagerly, “I’d like that, hyung. I’d like that a lot. I’ll let my parents know.”“Okay,” Hoseok nods in agreement.“Okay,” Jungkook echoes after him, giving his boyfriend a soft, fond smile before picking up the chopsticks and spoon again to resume eating.--“Did you take your medicine?” Jungkook speaks around his toothbrush, words nearly incoherent, as Hoseok enters the bathroom after him.“What?” Hoseok stares at him in confusion.Spitting out the foam in his mouth, Jungkook smiles and repeats, “Medicine, did you take it?”“Yes, I did,” Hoseok nods, smiling at his lover, watching him rinse his mouth. Jungkook’s eyes meet his through the bathroom mirror, and the younger boy raises an eyebrow when Hoseok just continues to smile at him dopily.“Aren’t you gonna brush your teeth?”Grinning, Hoseok leans against Jungkook’s back, weighing him down, “Hyung’s tired and sick. You wanna do it for me?”Jungkook purses his lips before shaking his head in disbelief, “I’m not going to brush your teeth for you.”“Please?” Hoseok pouts kissing the side of his neck. “Just once?”“Jeez, aren’t you the one always going on about how I shouldn’t worry and that you’ll take care of me?” Jungkook raises an eyebrow, face falling when Hoseok steps away from his back, frowning.“Fine, fine. I’ll brush my own teeth.”“It’s just a fever, you know,” Jungkook points out with a smirk, turning around and leaning against the counter, when Hoseok huffs and grabs his toothbrush. Hoseok ignores his statement, not even sparing a glance in his direction, and it makes the younger boy laugh."A fever can kill," Hoseok counters."Eh," Jungkook shrugs with a wide grin. "Death needs such excuses to take you away."Hoseok glares before muttering, "I thought you didn't believe in that."The older man's tone of voice makes Jungkook laugh before he pries the toothpaste tube out of his boyfriend’s hand when Hoseok grabs it, uncapping it and putting a small dollop of the cool mint paste on top of the bristles of Hoseok’s green toothbrush. Returning the toothpaste to the counter, Jungkook gives Hoseok a disarming smile, taking his toothbrush out of his hand.Jungkook pats at the counter space next to the sink, watching the way a large grin takes over his lover’s features, before Hoseok hops up on it gently. Settling between Hoseok’s legs, Jungkook smiles, instructing the older man to open his mouth.Hoseok does at asked, eyes full of love as Jungkook sighs and gets started on the task at hand, scrubbing away at his boyfriend’s perfect, pearly white teeth. He’s in the middle of cleaning Hoseok’s lower right molars, when the older man’s arm moves, hands coming up to press against his cheek. Jungkook looks up just in time to see his boyfriend’s eyes flutter close before foamy lips press against his own.Jungkook makes a soft sound of surprise, shifting back swiftly, but is unable to avoid the kiss. He hears and feels Hoseok’s laughter next, and a quick glance in the mirror confirms that his mouth is covered in streaks of white froth. Narrowing his eyes, Jungkook turns to his boyfriend but can only manage a half-hearted glare at the carefree, bright manner Hoseok is laughing in.The older man holds his face between both palms, leaning forward to rubs their noses together, still giggling. All the annoyance in his body leaves him at that action, but he still pretends to be cross, shaking his head.“Sorry,” Hoseok says softly, still smiling. “But you looked really hot concentrating so intently on brushing my teeth that I just couldn’t resist it.”Jungkook rolls his eyes, but the statement makes him smile inwardly as he rinses his mouth with water. He looks back at Hoseok, holding out the older man’s toothbrush, “In apology, you have to brush your own teeth, now.”“Don’t wanna,” Hoseok tells him cheekily. “Come on, aren’t you gonna continue where you left off?”Jungkook huffs, but still does as asked, unable to keep the smile off his face when Hoseok’s lips stretch into a grin mid-brushing and he loops his arms around the younger boy’s neck. Jungkook tilts Hoseok's head back when the froth starts to slip out his mouth, tsking when his boyfriend starts to chuckle, sending little bits of white foam flying.“So messy,” Jungkook mutters to himself but doesn’t stop indulging the man, wiping away at the mess with wet hands.“Thank you,” Hoseok tells Jungkook once the younger boy finishes brushing his teeth, and then hops off the counter to stand in front of the sink to rinse his mouth and gargle. Leaning up on his tiptoes once he’s done, he gives Jungkook another peck, the younger’s arm snaking around his waist and turning it into a kiss.Hoseok pulls away first, smiling blindingly at the younger boy, and Jungkook can’t help but smile back. Raising a hand, he places the back of it against the older man’s forehead, smiling satisfied when he realizes it isn’t as warm to touch as it was before.“Better?” Hoseok asks taking in Jungkook’s relieved smile.“Yeah,” the younger boy replies. “Almost gone.”“Let’s go to bed, then,” Hoseok whispers against his lips, pressing another kiss against his mouth before linking their fingers and leading them to their bedroom. Jungkook lets himself be led, following behind quietly, and kicks the door shut with a foot once they’re inside.Letting his hand go, Hoseok climbs into bed first, lifting and turning over the comforter for Jungkook to slip in after him with ease. He blinks, eyes adjusting to the dark once Jungkook turns off the lights and watches the younger boy make his way to bed with remarkable ease.Jungkook slips an arm under Hoseok’s head once he's lying down, pulling the older man into his chest and adjusting the blanket around them to keep the heat in. Hoseok lets out a content sigh once Jungkook’s finished shifting around into a comfortable position and loops his arm around the younger boy’s waist, slipping a hand under thr back of his shirt.Jungkook makes a sound of discomfort when Hoseok lines their legs up next, pressing his cold feet against the younger boy’s shins, and the noise makes the older man laugh mischievously.“Such cold feet,” Jungkook murmurs against his boyfriend’s hair sleepily.“Good thing I’ve got yours to warm mine up, then, isn’t it?” Hoseok asks in response, pressing a kiss against the base of his lover’s neck, tucking his head into the crook of Jungkook’s shoulder after.Jungkook hums, dignifying him with no response except for, “Sleep.”“Hair,” Hoseok murmurs back, drowsily, tacking on a quiet “please” at the end.It makes Jungkook smile, and he curls the arm currently under his boyfriend’s hand backwards until his fingers can reach Hoseok’s head with ease. Tangling his fingers between the black locks, Jungkook starts to hum and caress the older man’s hair gently simultaneously, lulling them into eventual sleep.If you'd like to scream at me (gently): Tumblr | Twitter



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



