



Teach me manners - liuzzia - Tom Hiddleston - Fandom
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Teach me manners
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/13080660.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
F/M
Fandom:
Tom Hiddleston - Fandom, British Actor RPF, Real Person Fiction
Relationship:
Tom Hiddleston/Original Female Character(s)
Character:
Tom Hiddleston, Original Female Character(s)
Additional Tags:
Domestic, Cunnilingus, Anal Sex, Oral Sex, lot of sex, Tom in blue, Dom Tom Hiddleston, Alternate Universe - Student/Teacher, Jealousy, Spanking, College Student, Tom with glasses, New Friends, Affairs, On-Again/Off-Again Relationship, sex in school, sex outside school, Semi-Public Sex, Blindfolds, Light Bondage, Porn With Plot, Hardcore, Phone Sex, Dishonesty, Lies
Stats:

        Published: 2017-12-20
          Completed: 2019-12-30
          Chapters: 40/40
        Words: 33813
      

Teach me manners
by liuzzia
Summary
An 18-year old college student named Laura Jenkins has moved to a small town with her parents. She's an introvert but changes completely when she meets her teacher, Tom Hiddleston. They begin a passionate affair. But who actually dominates who?
Notes
This story is based on a story I wrote when I studied screenplay writing in 2001. I just made it a bit more explicit. None of this has happened and I don't own any of the characters.

          See the end of the work for more notes





Chapter 1



It’s a sunny morning in August in a small town outside London, England. College students are standing around in the schoolyard. The summer vacation is over so they had a lot to catch up. At the gate stands the 18-year old Laura Jenkins. She’s 5’ 8” and wearing a below the knee length blue skirt and a long-sleeved cream white blouse. On her feet, she’s wearing white vans with laces. She’s a new student. No one sees her. She’s moved with her parents from central London. She didn’t want to leave all her old friends. She could have stayed but her parents couldn’t afford to pay her college education. The school bell rings and the student goes inside. The school building was in an old castle. Laura follows them. She walks down the hall and finds her classroom. When she steps inside, she sits down at the back of the classroom. Students talk to each other. Laura has put her backpack on the long table. In front of her sits 3 other girls. There were at least 15 students in the classroom and 7 of them were boys. Laura looks on her mobile. She reads a few messages on Facebook that her friends from home had sent her. She would reply to them later. The classroom gets quiet when the teacher gets there. Laura looks up and is amazed. A tall and a handsome man with light brown hair stand behind his desk. In his navy blue suit, white shirt and black tie, he looked really sexy. His black-framed specs are in his side pocket of the jacket. When he begins to speak, she was even more infatuated. Maybe moving to this town wasn’t such a bad idea after all. All the other students were familiar with him so they could joke and tease him. Laura was more interested in him. She keeps looking at him so she doesn’t hear she’s been introduced as a new student. Others are looking her way for a second and then to look at the teacher. This day would only be about the school year and what would happen in the year. The teacher hands a bunch of papers he gives to the boy on the first row to hand out the papers to the others. But none of the papers ends with her. While others are reading their paper, she sees the teacher approaching her. Her heart is beating faster. This gorgeous man sits beside her. She keeps looking at his facial features so she doesn’t hear what he says. He didn’t notice she does. His blue eyes distract her. When he walks away, she looks at him from behind. She sighs slightly. The class is dismissed and the other students leave one by one. Laura keeps sitting where she is. She sees the teacher is still at his desk. He’s put his glasses on. She wasn’t shy so she takes her backpack and gets to him. She stands by his desk and doesn’t say anything. He keeps writing something on a paper.“Excuse me, Professor Hiddleston”
Startled he looks up.
“Um yes”
“Hi” She smiles “Could it be possible to get a personal tour around the school since I’m new here”
“I guess that can be arranged but maybe tomorrow” He smiles a little
“Are you busy later on?”
“Oh, you meant me. I’m sorry but I can’t. I’ve always busy at the beginning of the school year. Maybe some of your classmates can”
She lays her hand on his and looks in his eyes.
“I would prefer if it would be you. Who knows this school better than the teacher?”
She could see this was making him uncomfortable and that’s exactly what she wanted. She might act introverted on the outside but that was only one part of her. She takes her hand away.
“Um, OK. At the lunch break tomorrow if that’s alright?”
“Good” She smiles and walks to the door while looking at him
He keeps looking at her and when she winks at him, he swallows hard. She had made clear to him that she was interested in him. She was a beautiful young woman with her long brown hair. She’s only seen the name of her teacher but she never thought he was this hot. She would only have him in English and Math but she would make the most of it.



Chapter 2



Laura had her own car but the next day she took the bus to school. She didn’t tell her parents of her first day even if they asked. She didn’t even text her friends about her teacher. The schedule for today didn’t include any of Professor Hiddleston’s classes but she would meet him anyway. Half a day she was left alone by her new classmates. She didn’t make friends easily but she was more of a loner anyway. Usually, she didn’t wear short skirts but today she had borrowed one of her mother’s. They had the same style of clothing. Her mother wasn’t that old herself so her clothes were youthful enough. Some boys in her class noticed her maroon miniskirt and a white tank top but they still didn’t say anything to her. She hasn't dressed for them anyway. She sits in the same place in the classroom. The days were quite easy and short. The real studying would begin next week.
Lunch arrived shortly. She hadn’t seen Mr Hiddleston all day so she hoped he hadn’t forgotten. She wasn’t hungry so she sits on the bench close to the cafeteria to wait. She looks into her social media accounts. People were walking past her but none of them paid any attention. While looking in her mobile, someone stops by her. She looks up and smiles.“Ready? I see you found the cafeteria”This time he didn’t wear his glasses. He had the same navy blue suit like the day before.“Hi Professor Hiddleston” She stands up and puts her mobile in her backpack“Well, this is not a very big building so this won’t take long. Let’s go”She follows him. The building was on two floors. While he shows her around and telling her what is what, she keeps looking at him. She could listen to his voice all day. She had no idea what he was saying. They get to the second floor. There were fewer people there. They stop by a classroom where the door is open. Then she takes his hand in hers and he looks at her. He didn’t take it away. She looks up at him and bites her lower lip. He looks nervously around. Luckily no one is there.“I think that was all. I have to go back” He tries to take his hand away but she doesn’t let go“Do I make you nervous?”“Mm, no” He keeps looking around“Oh come on. A student coming on to you and you’re not nervous?”“I really have to go. Lunch is nearly over. I hope you can find your way back to your classroom”She didn’t want to embarrass him so she lets him go. She can hear him sigh while he walks away. She just smiles. It’s time to go to class.
School ends at 3 pm. Laura takes her time. She knew when the teacher’s days were over and especially Professor Hiddleston. She waits outside the lounge. All the students had left when she decided to wait for him in the parking lot. She knew what kind of car he drives. It was already getting dark outside when she sees him getting out of the school building. He had no idea she had been waiting for him. He sees her by his car and looks nervously around.“Hi, Professor Hiddleston” She smilesHe had taken off his tie and opened the two first buttons on his shirt.“Still here? Waiting for someone?” He says when he gets there“Actually I’m waiting for you. Since I don’t know anyone here, maybe you could give me a lift”“I don’t think I’m going your way. There are still a few teachers that could take you home” He gets to the car door and is about to open it when she grabs his left armShe pulls him closer and stands on her toes to kiss him. She lays her hand on his chest. He’s about to respond but then he pushes her gently away. He looks around and then at her. He wasn’t upset.“I’m sorry, I couldn’t resist” She smiles“That wasn’t really appropriate”“Professor Hiddleston, I’m in love with you” She looks in his eyes while running her fingers across his chest and down to his absHe didn’t know what to say but still, he doesn’t take her hand away. She looks at his opens shirt and licks her lips. His scent was breathtaking. Standing this close to him, she realises how sexy he really was. He was no college student she usually liked. He was a real man she wanted to get to know better.“It’s getting late. OK, I take you home” He opens the door on the driver’s side and her on the otherShe tells him where to drive her. On the way, they don’t say a thing. It was just a matter of time when he would feel the same about her.



Chapter 3
Chapter Summary
It started with a kiss.



The next day Laura gets to school happier than before. She had got there by bus again. On her schedule, there would be Math. She usually hated the subject but now it would be different. She had thought about the kiss. It was wrong and it could get Professor Hiddleston into a lot of trouble. But she couldn’t resist. She had never met anyone like him. He made her feel special. All her old professors were boring and uninteresting. All the student had gone inside the school. It was already over 9 am when she gets to the same classroom. She sits in the same place, on the last row. Her classmates were talking to each other. There was no sign of the professor. Laura looks on her mobile. The three girls in front of her were giggling. The class would have started ages ago. She takes a break from her mobile.
“Excuse me” She says to the girl with blond hair and she turns around “Is the professor late often?”
“No” The girl shakes her head “Never before”
“What happens then?”
“What’s your name again?” She asks and Laura tells her “Then we usually get a substitute or we’re free to do what we like”
“OK, thank you” Laura smiles and gets back to her mobile
The girls keep talking to each other. This was the first time anyone had talked to her. The students had waited for 20 minutes when a female teacher enters the classroom.
“Excuse me, students. I have an announcement to make” She shouts since it’s quite noisy and they stop to listen “Rest of Professor Hiddleston classes are cancelled for today. Other classes are on. Since it’s only the 2nd day, the school ends at 2 pm. Thank you” She then leavesThe students are picking their stuff and some of them leave. Laura keeps sitting where she is wondering if she had something to do with his absence. The two girls stand up while the girl she talked to still sits.
“I catch you with up later” She says to her friends and they leave
Laura is looking on her phone so she doesn’t see the girl is about to say something.
“So what do you think of this school then?” The girl has turned herself around in her seat
Laura looks up from her mobile.
“Oh, seems nice” She smiles at her a little
“So where are you from?”
“Central London. I had to move here with my parents since it’s less expensive” She puts her mobile on the desk
“I know what you mean. I wanted to go to another college but my family isn’t that wealthy so I stayed here”
“So you’re born here?”
“Yes. My friends Miriam and Connor are my childhood friends. You know if you don’t have anything to do, you could hang out with us”
“Thank you but I think I have to settle first before making friends”
“I understand. Sorry I have to go. See you later, Laura” She stands up and takes her purse “By the way, I’m Lexia. If you want to hang around after school, just tell me”
“Thank you Lexia. See you”
She smiles and leaves. Laura gets back to her thinking. Her next class would start in another classroom soon.When the school day is over, Laura takes the bus home. Her parents were still at work. She didn’t have any siblings so she was mostly alone. She makes something to eat and then she gets to her bedroom to listen to music. She stays there until her parents get home at 5 pm. They ask about her school day at the dinner table. She tells her about her new friend Lexia. Her mother Rebecca was always interested in her daughter's life. She wanted her to get to know people. Laura already had and that person was half her age but she didn’t care.She lays in bed after dinner, reading a book. She’s so in the story, she startles when her mobile ring. It’s an unknown number. She usually didn’t answer them but this time she does.
“Hello, Laura here” She replies and is surprised who it is “Hi, Professor Hiddleston” She smiles
“Please call me Tom, we’re not in school now”
His voice made her weak but luckily she’s laying down on her stomach.
“You don’t sound ill, Tom”
“Well, I’m not really. Maybe a little bug perhaps”
“Like what?”
“This might come as a surprise. I thought about this all day. That’s the reason I didn’t come to work" He pauses and stays silent
“Yes”
“I think that kiss made me realise” He pauses again
She knew what he was trying to say. He wanted to confess he felt something towards her. But she wanted to tease him.
“What, Tom?” She smiles to herself
“Maybe this isn’t something I should really say. You’re my student and…” He says but she interrupts
“And you’re my professor. But that shouldn’t stop us from seeing each other”
“That’s not exactly what I was going to say. I wish I could say this to you face to face but I don’t think I can wait until tomorrow. Maybe we could meet somewhere but I guess it’s a bit late”
She looks at the time on her mobile. It was already 7.15 pm.
“I wish we could but since it’s a school night and my parents won’t let me. How about saying it now?”
There’s a long pause but she could hear he’s still there.
“Oh, Laura you have no idea what that kiss made me feel. Actually, even before that”
That really was something she didn’t expect. She thought her feelings would be one-sided.
“Before?”
“As soon as I stepped into the classroom and saw you, I felt something I didn’t think I would feel. I shouldn’t but”
“Oh Tom you don’t how happy it makes me hear that. I want to kiss you. Feel your body against mine” She sighs while closing her eyes for a while
“Please don’t tempt me or things will get serious. We still need to be careful. It’s still a small town and things move quickly”
“I try. So you’re coming to school tomorrow?”
“Yes, and it won’t be the same again. Good night Laura. I’ll think of you. Oh and please wear that mini skirt”
“Yes, I will. Good night, Tom” She smiles and they end the call
She sighs deeply. She’s even more happy than before. It was true, things wouldn’t be the same. She didn’t know if she could concentrate on her studies after this. The next day there would both Math and English.



Chapter 4



Laura wakes up earlier than she usually did. She wanted to look perfect. She washed her hair and shaved her legs. She would have a surprise for him. She wasn’t as innocent as she looked. She had boyfriends since she was 15 so she had learned a lot about what boys liked. Kissing wasn’t the only things she wanted to do with Tom. She wanted so much more. Maybe this was the day. She eats breakfast with her parents. Today she would take her car. With her backpack on the front seat, she drives to school. The morning was still quite warm so she didn’t need a jacket. When she walked into the classroom, all of the boys look at her. Her brown hair was loose and her top was quite revealing. The girls look a little jealous of her. Lexia turns around to her.“You’ll get in trouble with that outfit. Trying to impress the professor?”“I don’t think I need to do that” Laura smiles and then look in her backpack to get her thingsThe black-haired Miriam and the red-head Connor didn’t say anything. She didn’t care. The first class would be English. There would probably only be some information about it and then they would go to their next class.
When Professor Hiddleston arrives to class, he looks straight at Laura who smiles back. They keep staring at each other but as soon as the other students become silent, they stop. He’s wearing a dark suit and there was a reason for this. Only Laura would know about it. He says something to the class and hands out booklets for the students to read. Everyone is concentrating on reading when he gets to her desk. He stands behind her and bends down to her ear while leaning his hand on the table.“I hope no one will notice how hard I am” He whispers in her earShe closes her eyes and sighs silently. The three girls weren’t that close so they had no idea what was happening behind them. He moves away and gets back to his desk. He sits down and looks at Laura. They keep looking at each other. Once in a while, he glimpsed at the other students. Most of them were still reading their booklets. He dismisses the class earlier than usual. The students leave without even wondering why. Laura remains sitting in her seat. He stands up and gets to the door to lock it. He gets to where she is.
“You really want to tease me, do you? Dressing like that. I know what you really want. A kiss is not enough. What else have you planned?” His breathing is getting heavier“Who’s impatient? Maybe you should teach me manners. I’m a naughty student and I want to be released from the chains. Can you do that, Professor?” She looks lustfully at himHe laughs.“Do you think you’re in charge? I tell you when to arouse me and this is not the place”“So I should obey you? Think again” She stands up and gets to him “You think I’m some kind of prude who doesn’t know what she wants. I should be laughing”“I don’t know what I should do with you. Should I spank you or tide you up?” He looks up and down at her“You like kinky stuff then?” She smiles after being serious“Oh God Laura. You’re crazy and so is this. We’re in school for crying out loud and we’re talking about this. We should really wait until we leave”She wraps her arms around his neck and they kiss a while. The school bell rings and it’s time for another class. The intense moment they had was over for now. They would meet in a classroom that wasn’t used when the day is over. They couldn’t wait to finally realise their passion they had for each other.



Chapter 5
Chapter Summary
Sexy times begin.



Rest of Laura’s day was a pain. She kept thinking about Tom. The chemistry between them was amazing. During the day he sent her flirty messages. They’ve only met and they were already all over each other. The last subject of the day was Math. She waits for him outside the classroom. She leans against the wall with her right shoulder while looking into her phone. The other students are in the classroom. No one is moving in the hall. In a moment she sees him coming. They smile at each other. They wanted to touch each other but they didn’t want arouse suspicion.“I can’t wait to have you alone” She licks her lipsHe looks at her up and down.“You know what I want”“Yes, Professor” She looks at him affectionately
He gets to the classroom. In a moment she follows. No one suspected anything. She sits on the last row again. Once in a while, she looks at him but it’s not mutual. She decides to listen to what he had to say. It was mostly about what would happen in Math in this semester. They also get an assignment that the students protest. It was just inquiry about what they wanted to achieve in the course. While they’re filling it, he gets to Laura. All he does is giving her a note. She stops writing and reads the note. It was the number of the classroom where they would meet at 4 pm. She looks at the time and it was only 1 pm. Maybe it was his way of saying he was the dominated one. When the class is over, she remains in her seat. All of the students leave. She packs her things and gets to Tom. He cleans the chalkboard with a wet sponge so he doesn’t see she stands right behind him. She lays both of her hands on his groin. He lays the sponge on the edge of the board. She stands on her toes and gets closer to his left ear.“Do you think I really can wait that long?” She whispersHe smiles and turns around to face her. He moves her hair away from her face. The door to the class was open but it didn’t bother either of them. They were playing a dangerous game.“You’re taking too many liberties. I think I need to punish you. You have to wait until tomorrow” He then pushes her gently away“No” She whimpers when he does“So you want me that much. Well” He thinks a while and then gets to the door to lock it
She smiles but it’s not what she thinks. He gets to her and pulls her closer to him. He lifts her skirt up to her waist and gets surprised. She doesn’t wear anything underneath and she’s totally smooth. That was her surprise for him.“Just for you, baby” She touches his lower lip but he takes a grip of her hand“Always call me Professor Hiddleston when we’re in school” He says a little upset“I’m sorry”“Good. Now lean against my desk with your legs spread” He opens the belt of his pants “I hope you’re not a screamer because I’m gonna fuck your ass like you never been fucked before”She leans both of her hands on the table and stands spread-eagled. She can hear him pulling his pants down. His breathing is getting deeper. He gets closer to her and takes a firm grip of her hips. He thrust inside her from behind which makes her yelp. He didn’t take slowly. She tries not to moan too loud but it’s quite difficult. She usually didn’t like it like this but he made it pleasurable. The power of his thrusts makes the desk move back and forth. He slows down when her moans get too high.“Shh, we don’t want people to know” He pants and increases the speed again but the sounds she’s making are still too high so he slows down “Every moan you make I’m gonna slow down. Got that”
She didn’t dare to make a sound. It was still early so anyone could hear them. He thrusts faster and his grunts get more frequent. Soon he’s thrusting so hard the table moves a few inches. He then reaches his peak and slows down.“Oh fuck” He pants and pulls outThey’re both exhausted. Her arms are tired so she rests her chest on the desk with her arms bend under her. He gets closer to her and touches her behind.“You’re definitely gonna get an A” He then walks in front of herHe had pulled up his pants. She stands up and smiles. He picks up some papers from the desk without looking at her. He’s about to leave.“That’s it?” She pulls down her miniskirt“I have a meeting. Close the door on your way out”“Professor Hiddleston” She says but he gets out of the door
At first, she doesn’t realise what had just happened. She’s been taken the way no one has ever taken her. But the aftermath wasn’t the way she expected. This was too good to be true. She was just a plaything for him. When she’s leaving the classroom, she suddenly gets a text message from him. They would still meet at 4 pm. She was close to tears before but now things were good again. There was still an hour to kill so she decides to wait outside the classroom on the second floor. She’s still sore so the sitting was quite difficult so she leans her back against the wall instead. While waiting she looks on her mobile. Her old friends had asked her questions about her new school that she replies to. But she left out who she was seeing.



Chapter 6
Chapter Summary
They meet after the school day is over.



Laura walks back and down the hall. There’s a window in the end of it so she gets to it. She sees the parking lot for the staff. There’s only one car left. She looks at the clock on her mobile. It was already 4.20 pm and Tom had still not got there. She goes back to the door of the classroom where they are supposed to meet. She tries the door to the room but it’s locked. It was getting a bit chilly. She had left her underwear at home. The lights on the ceiling that was on are suddenly switched off. The only light that is on is the exit sign. Luckily there is a flashlight on her phone. Different thoughts creep into her mind. Tom was already 30 minutes late. Maybe this was his doings. She searches his phone number and thinks about calling.
“Afraid little girl?” He appears from the dark
“Was this you?” She glimpse at the light
“No, the school is closed. We’re all alone. Come here”
She gets to him. He’s left his jacket somewhere and his shirt is open. He lifts her skirt up to her waist like the first time. He keeps looking at her groin without touching. She tries to kiss him but he looks upset at her.
“No touching. I’m in charge, got it”
“I’m sorry Professor. Maybe you should punish me”
“That can be arranged. Take your clothes off”
“What, here?” She’s puzzled
“Yes here. Strip”
They were in the dark hall and maybe there were security cameras. But yet he insisted. She pulls the top over her head. It was so tight she didn’t need to wear a bra. He gasps when he sees her firm breasts. Her nipples were hard of the chill. She pulls her skirt down.
“Enough. Oh God, you’re sexy. And that pussy” He opens his pants and take his erected cock in his hand
She licks her lips while looking at it. It was as big as it felt.
“Oh Professor Hiddleston, feed me”
“No, I won't give you that satisfaction. Now get down on all fours and show me that ass”
It was a cold and dirty floor so it was unpleasant but she had to obey. She gets down her knees and hands. She arches her back. She’s waiting for his next step. He keeps looking at her while stroking his cock. She can hear his heavy breathing. He gets closer and gets down on his knees behind her. Suddenly she feels a hard push that makes her scream of pain. This was only about his needs. He tells her to scream louder. No one is there is his excuse. He keeps thrusting harder. He pulls her hair every push he makes. Tears are running down her cheeks.
“Oh fuck you’re tight” He pants
She’s still sore from the first time. With his other hand, he slaps her behind while he enters her. His balls are slamming against her cheeks. He empties himself inside her and then withdraws. His kisses her behind and stands up. The floor is full of their fluids. Even if it was tense, it still made her squirt. In a moment she stands up and turns to him. They both smile and they kiss passionately a while.
“Thank you, Professor. I love how you fuck me”
“Next time, I give your pussy a ride” He moves her hair away from her face and gives her a kiss “Sorry but I have to go. Bye Laura”
She was still amazed at what just happened. She puts her clothes back on. He leaves her there alone but she finds herself out. Her parents would be very upset that she was late for dinner. She only said she was out on a ride but that wasn’t really a lie. She did get a ride but that was something she could never tell anyone.



Chapter 7
Chapter Summary
Laura finds something out about Tom.



Next morning when Laura wakes up, she could feel pain in her anus. Tom had really been rough on her. She had to take a painkiller to manage somehow. She had to make it to school. Unfortunately, she had to sit all day so it would be quite difficult. She couldn’t show she’s in pain. It’s the middle of the week. She had been taken twice forcefully by her professor and it wouldn’t stop there. She never knew her infatuation would have come this far. They had managed to keep their affair secret. If they kept having sex in school, their luck would run out soon.
She still wore the same miniskirt but with a white blouse with buttons. She left her underwear at home this time too. She knew Tom liked it even if he never told her. Her new classmates hadn’t tried to get to know her. She hadn’t paid much attention to them either. In the classroom, before the other professor arrives, Miriam has turned to look Laura’s way. Lexia and Connor are looking on their mobiles.“You’re Laura, right?”“Yes I am” She smiles a little“So what do you think about Professor Hiddleston then?”“I guess he’s alright” She lies because she couldn’t really say her real thoughts“Just alright? I mean all the girls in school have had a crush on him. This is just gossip but there was a student who he had an affair with”The two others girls stop with their phone and join the conversation. Laura’s heart is beating faster.“I think that was embarrassing. He’s the teacher and no one should cross that line” Connor says who was the quiet one“What happened to her?” Laura is curious“I don’t know. I never saw her again” Lexia says and looks at Miriam “I think you know the story”“It’s just a rumour but he’s really highly respected so he only got a warning. The girl wasn’t as lucky. She got suspended. So you know, never get involved with him. He’s a good teacher but I think he does have a dark side”“Doesn’t everyone?” Laura asks Miriam“I guess but he got the upper hand. One more thing, if you want a good grade, study hard because he’s very strict with that. I’ve been there. Once I got an F because my essay was too short”“Really? That is tough. How did they get caught?”“You seem very interested in this” Miriam looks at her doubting “Don’t get any ideas. I don’t know exactly how but I think some student saw them in one of the classrooms in the building”“Just asking” Laura leans her back against the back of the chair
The other professor has arrived so the girls turn to look at the front. Laura thinks about what she just heard. Maybe the girls made it up. If it was true she couldn’t continue with the affair and maybe she had to change college once more.When the class is over, the students leave while Laura picks up her things. They would still have one class before lunch but she wanted to leave. She’s about to leave the classroom when Tom gets there. He pushes her back inside while closing the door behind and lifts her skirt up to her waist. She tries to stop him but she can’t. What she had heard about him could be true and she wouldn’t be his next victim.“Will you stop it?” She’s upset“We have 15 minutes” He kisses her lips while thrusting his two fingers into her “You are wet. That’s good” He makes her move to the desk“I know what you are” She takes a grip of his hand but he thrusts his fingers deeper“And what am I, Laura?” He looks closer at her“Please stop. I don’t want to be expelled”He withdraws his fingers and licks them to taste her.“Expelled?”“I know what you’ve done. I’m not your first student. There’s been more” She’s upset“What are you talking about? I swear I’ve never done this before. Now give me your pussy” He tries to touch her there again
She pushes him away and walks past him to the desk where students sit.“You think you can control me but I’m not that kind of girl”“Are you sure? You did enjoy it yesterday. I’m sure you still feel it. How is your fine ass doing?” He looks up and down at her“Don’t change the subject. I heard you’ve had an affair with a student but she got expelled. I’m surprised you haven’t been fired yet”“I don’t know who told you that but it’s all a lie. I’m sure your classmates told you this but they’re all liars. I know most of them had feelings for me but I never acted on it. Now they say lies about me”“I don’t believe you”“Fine then. Have it your way. I have to get to class. Call me when you come to your senses” He then leaves the classroomThe bell rings. She had enough of school for today so she decides to go home. She couldn’t sit anyway. She really needed a discussion with herself to decide what to do.



Chapter 8



Laura didn’t say anything to anyone. She would probably get into trouble but she didn’t care. She could not face anyone. When she gets home, her mother is there on her lunch break. She tells her she wasn’t feeling well and went upstairs to her room. She had an own bathroom so she takes a shower. Her mother knocks on her door to ask if things are OK. Laura usually talked about her problems but now they were too secretive. She hated lying to her mother but now she had to. When her mother goes back to work, she gets to the kitchen to get some more painkillers. She was still a little sore but it was getting better. She lies down on the couch to watch some TV. There wasn’t much going on but her thoughts were elsewhere. What Miriam had told her was playing on her mind. She didn’t want to end her affair with Tom but if they continued having sex in school, maybe it would be better to do so. Luckily the rest of the week they didn’t have any of his classes so she didn’t have to meet him.
Laura falls asleep on the couch. She has switched off the TV. She wakes up and looks at the time on her mobile. It was 1 pm. She looks at her last call and stares at the name, TH. She’s only written his initials so no one would suspect anything. She always had her mobile everywhere and she never let it out of her sight. You could never guarantee it though. She’s so in her thoughts, she startles when he suddenly calls. She looks at the blinking call sign. He probably wondered where she was.“Hello” She finally replies after a while“Where did you go?” He asks on the other end“That’s none of your business” She says upset“Is that a way to speak to your professor? It can affect your grades”“Is that so? You probably only grade me on my sexual skills anyway”“Well, I don’t know about that. We haven’t got that far”She could almost hear him smiling.“And we won’t either”“Say what?”“You heard me. There will be no more of that. I quit” She’s about to end the call“Wait a minute. You don’t decide that” He’s little upset“I am I your slave or something?”“I know you’re upset at me but none of those claims is true. Tell me where you live so I can see you. I rather talk about this in person” He’s calmer again“No, you only want to fuck me and I had enough”“I promise I won’t do that. Let’s meet somewhere else”“I don’t want to see you. Goodbye Tom” She then ends the call and switches the phone off
She takes it with her upstairs. After her angry moment, tears come flooding. She really didn’t want to end it this way but that was the only thing she could think of. She had to see him in class but that’s all she would let him.



Chapter 9



The next morning Laura gets to school. She had her jeans with a shirt and white sneakers on her feet. She meets Lexia in the schoolyard. Her friends hadn’t arrived yet. She asked Laura where she had went the day before. She would stay close to the girls so Tom wouldn’t approach her. They sit on the bench in the sunshine. In a while, Miriam and Connor get there. They ask about Laura and get to know her. When the bell rings they go all inside. They get to the same classroom they mostly were in. This time it would be about geography. While the students wait for the professor who would teach them, they keep talking. One of the boys sitting in the front takes Miriam’s pencil and plays with it. She takes it from his hand. He was always teasing her.“College boys” She says despiteful“He likes you” Connor says and smiles“I do not” The boy insists and gets back to his deskMiriam rolls her eyes. Laura notices the boys in the class were a bit childish. They kept teasing and joking around. She begins to think about Tom. At least he was mature. Maybe it was wrong to break it off after all. On the lunch break, she would try to find him and apologize. The geography professor arrives and the class begins.
At lunch Laura tells her new friends she wasn’t hungry so they leave without her. She takes her backpack and goes to the teacher’s lounge. She asks one of the teachers there where to find Tom. He could be found on the second floor in one of the classrooms so she gets there. When she gets to the hall she remembers the evening when they were there. It made her aroused. She was sore afterwards but it was worth it. A classroom opens and students walk out of it. She sees Tom standing in front of his desk arranging a bunch of papers together. He’s wearing a dark blue suit and a long-sleeved shirt. The first two buttons were open like most of the time. Maybe he was trying to attract some other female student. When all of them are all gone, she gets inside the classroom.“Has anyone ever sucked you under that desk?” She says and he looks at her startled but then smiles when he sees it’s her“Never do that again. Don’t you have any manners?” He gets to the door and looks around that no one saw it, and then closes it behind him“I’m sorry Professor but I thought you’re gonna teach me some”He looks at her up and down from a distance.“You’ve changed clothes. I told you to wear that miniskirt at all times”“No, you didn’t. Should I wear what you want? Is this all about you?”“That’s a lot of question at once for a little girl like you” He gets closer“So this is what this is gonna be then. You don’t want to talk. It’s just sex, sex and more sex”“I’m sorry but when I see you, that’s all I can think about. Will you forgive me?” He moves her hair away from her face like so many times before“I really thought you were different but you’re like all those college boys. I don’t want to be with someone like that”“You compare me to those little brats. Be careful what you say because you don’t want to see me angry” He’s quite upset and then takes a grip of her hair to pull it “Has any of them ever taken you the way I did, huh? I don’t think so. Next time you compare me to them, you’ll see another thing coming, in your ass”“OK, I’m sorry” She’s calm and he let go of her hair
“One other thing. Never hang up on me and then turning your phone off. That’s not very nice. There could be an emergency”“I’m sorry about that. I was upset”“I know but still it’s a bad manner. Make sure you never do it again”“I promise. I do anything you say, Professor Hiddleston”“Anything? Even the most unpleasant ones?” He looks surprised“Like what exactly?”“You asked if I like kinky stuff and you’re right I do. You already experienced some of it but there’s more. I leave that for another time. I have to go” He takes the bunch of papers on the table and gets to the doorShe gets to it and gets in front of him when he's about to open it.“That’s it? You’re just ending it there?” She looks up at him“You want to know them straight away? Who’s the kinky one here?” He smiles“When I’m hungry I want to be fed” She looks closely at him while moving her left hand to his groinHe almost loses the grip of the papers. He takes her hand away.“I really have to go but come up here at 4 pm and we’ll see”She stands on her toes and with her hand behind his neck; she gives him a passionate kiss that he responds to. They smile at each other and say goodbye. She closes her eyes for a second and sighs. They were back where they left off.



Chapter 10
Chapter Summary
3 shades of darkness.



Laura’s new friends had no idea what was going on. She was very good at keeping things to herself. Their day ended at 3 pm. The girls asked if they could show her around in the town but she said she had to go home. It was further from the truth. She had a secret of her own that she only showed people she known for a long time. Her parents didn’t even know. She’s always been more mature than other teenagers at her age. Even if she was young she still knew what kind of sex she liked. She had a reputation in her old school that she tried to get rid of but it was already too deep. Moving to a smaller town where no one knew her had been a good idea. Luckily for her, both of her parents got a new job. She still could keep in touch with her partners in crime like they called themselves. She often wondered why she became a totally different person every time she met someone. Deep inside she’s both shy and introverted. Maybe she just tried to get approval. That’s exactly what she got from Tom. She had a feeling he would respond to her desires.She waits in her car and then gets back to the building before 4 pm. The door was still open. The school building was empty. When she gets upstairs she sees an open door to a classroom. She gets inside and put her backpack by the doorway. The room only had one long table and a chair. There had to be a reason why the door was open. The classroom looked like it hadn’t been used for years. There is only one dim light and the rest is dark. She sits down on the chair to wait. Then the light gets turned off and the door gets closed.
“Ever got fucked in the dark?” Tom has got to the room
It’s too dark to see anything but he knows where she is. When her eyes get used to the darkness she notices he got something in his hand. He gets behind her and blindfolds her eyes with a piece of silky fabric. She knew what he planned to do so she wasn’t afraid. He gets in front of her and takes both of her hands in his. He lifts her up so she stands in front of him. He looks at her closely and she can feel his breath on her face. He guides her right hand to his groin and sighs. She bites her lower lips when she feels a bulge and it makes her moan.“You like that, do you? Admit it, you thought about it all day. Sucking my big cock”
“Yes, Professor”
“Yes, what?”
“Sucking your big cock”
“But you don’t deserve it. You know why?”
She shakes her head. He turns her around and pulls her arms behind her back. He wraps something around her wrists and binds her hands with it. She whimpers a little. He pushes her down on the knees on the floor. He walks around her. She can hear his belt buckle open. He moves the chair further away and he gets closer to her again. He’s taken his belt off and wrapped it a few times around his right hand. He brushes the belt close to her lips.
“You wanted to know what I like. This is it. Seeing you being tied up and blindfolded gets me hot. Spanking you so you scream. Oh, Laura, you won’t believe how long I’ve been waiting for this. Begging me to stop” His breathing is getting heavier
“Oh please Professor. Show me how it’s done. I need you fucking me”
“So you are that kind of girl after all. I think this is going to be interesting” He takes a grip off her other arm and lifts her up to her feetHer breathing gets deeper. He opens the button her jeans and pulls them down to her ankles. The same with her underwear. He thrusts his two fingers inside her a few times and then kneels in front of her. He licks her wet pussy which makes her moan. He covers it with his whole mouth and kisses her pussy lips. She wishes she could touch him.
“Oh Professor Hiddleston” She moans and licks her lips
He thrusts his tongue inside her and tongue fucks her. Her moans are getting louder so he stops. She whimpers when he does.
“I didn’t say you can make noise. If you can’t do it quietly, you don’t deserve to get the pleasure” He’s a bit upset and stands up
“I promise I won’t. Please” She pleads
“Please what?” He looks closely at her
“Please eat me”
“And then what?”
“Make me come. I won’t scream”
“On the contrary. I want you to scream so anyone could hear. I want everyone to know what we’re doing”
He kneels again and continues. She does what she promised. He thrusts two fingers inside her while sucking her swollen clit. He’s increasing the speed and soon she’s screaming as loud as she can. Just when she’s about to come, he stops. She can barely stand up. He looks at her heaving chest while standing up. She can feel his lips on hers and she responds. He unfolds her eyes from the fabric and their eyes meet. Even if it was dark, she could feel his stare in her veins. Her hands were still bound behind her back so he releases her. Her breathing calms down. He makes her walks backwards until she meets the desk. Without a word, he takes down his pants and lifts her up on it. He thrusts inside her with force while they look into each other's eyes. Her arms around his neck and him squeeze her behind while entering her. When she comes, she comes loud. He slows down and withdraws. They’re both exhausted so they don’t speak a while.“That was, wow” She says and smiles
“So you like that, do you? Have you always been a slut?”
“Oh Professor, you have no idea” She gives him a passionate kiss and he lets her for a while
“Do you always go fucking your professors to get a good grade?” He moves away from her and lifts his pants back on
The question surprised her. She is a little offended. They had such a good time and now he’s spoiling it.
“Do you think this is that? How can you think such thing?” She looks at him upset
“I’m sorry I asked. I didn’t think it would be a sensitive subject for you”
She lifts her underwear and jeans back on.
“So you know, I don’t do this for that. I have to get home” She gets to the door to pick up her backpack
She opens the door to leave and he lets her. She got a bad taste of this whole affair. Maybe he was just using her. He sure would see she didn’t play any of his games.



Chapter 11
Chapter Summary
Short chapter.



Laura has a nightmare. She wakes up in cold sweat in the middle of the night. In the dream, she’s being used by other men while Tom was watching. She climbs out of bed and puts her nightgown on to get downstairs. It’s so dark she stumbles on something on the floor and hurts her toe. She swears silently. When she gets to the kitchen she puts the light on. She gets to the fridge to get a bottle of water. She pours it into a glass and sits down on the table. She looks at the clock on the wall. It’s 3 am. She’s too afraid to go back to sleep. Her dream was too awful. Maybe this was some kind of punishment for getting involved with her professor. He wasn’t the way she thought he was. She also wanted to be the dominant one but he didn’t let her. She startles when her father Peter gets to the kitchen.“Oh, it’s just you. I heard a noise”“Hi, dad. Sorry about that. I hit my toe somewhere” She looks up at him“Ouch, that must have hurt” He gets to the kitchen sink where his empty glass is“A bit yes. Sorry to wake you” She takes a sip of her glassHe sits down at the table across her and pours some water he took from the fridge. Her father worked in a hotel as a manager. He is quite tall with brown hair and green eyes. Even if he was quite busy with work, he still managed to help his daughter with different things. Lately, they hadn’t talked much. She wasn’t as open as before which worried him.“So how are things? Anything new you learned?” He says after a while“OK, I guess. The real work starts next week”“I’ll see. Laura, if there’s something on your mind, please tell me” He lays his right hand on her left“Nothing is wrong, dad”“I didn’t say that” He takes his hand away“You meant it”“Alright but you don’t tell us anything anymore so I thought something isn’t right”“Maybe I miss my old school and my friends but that’s about it”He looks at her like he knew it was more than that. She takes a sip of her glass and stands up to put it in the sink.“Have you found any other friends than Lexia?”“Her friends, Miriam and Connor but we only talk in class” She’s sat back at the table“That’s good because we’re gonna be here a while. But of course, you don’t need to when you graduate”“You mean if I graduate”“Of course you will” He smiles but she looks serious at him“I’m not sure. I don’t think I’ll pass”“If you study hard and get good grades” He says but she interrupts“I don’t think that will be the reason”“Are the professors giving you a hard time already?”She usually told her father everything. Even more than to her mother. But now she couldn’t. She looks at him and then says no. He didn’t ask anymore. She gets back upstairs to her room. The talk with her father at least took away her bad dream. She falls asleep after a while. Rest was all that she needed.



Chapter 12



The first week of school was coming to an end. Laura gets to class with the other students. She’s wearing black jeans and a dark brown shirt. She wanted to look as unattractive as possible. She had no makeup on either. She had decided to ignore Tom altogether. They wouldn’t have his classes but he would appear somewhere anyway. The three girls in front of her asked her about her weekend plans. They wanted to invite her to a party. This was the first time anyone had asked that. In her old school, all the girls disliked her and her friends because they were popular among the boys. Laura promised to get back to them later in the day. Their first class would be music but like usual it would only be info about the semester. After the class, there’s an hour break. All four girls spend it together. Laura mostly had in common with Lexia. They were both the only child and they listen to the same kind of music. It’s a sunny day outside so they sit on a bench close to the school building. The girls are talking and laughing so they don’t see someone is looking at them from afar. Laura gets a text message and when she reads it, she gets a shocked look.
“What’s wrong?” Miriam wonders but she doesn’t reply at first
“Oh nothing” She smiles a little and then puts her mobile in a backpack
Lexia looks at the time. It was time to go back inside. Laura walks after them and looks behind her. The person who looked at them had disappeared. When she gets to their classroom she sits in her seat at the back while looking at the message she got. The other students are talking to each other but her mind was elsewhere. It was a text from Tom. She keeps reading it over and over again. “Don’t think your clothing will stop me from wanting you. I know what you are and what you did in your old school. You can’t even imagine what damage I can do if you tell your new friends or your parents about us”
She never thought her past would come back and haunt her. Somehow he’d found out about it. She wasn’t proud of it and she rather took it back. Their next professor introduced himself so she puts the mobile away.At lunch, Laura gets to the teacher's lounge to find Tom. She had to confront him. There are a few professors there and when he sees her, he tells them to leave. She could see what Lexia had meant when she said he was highly respected. She stands in the doorway not knowing if she should step in.
“I guess you got the message. Don’t just stand there. Come in” He stands up from the chair by the table he sat in
This time he didn’t wear a suit but a black jumper and jeans of the same colour. He’s wearing his glasses. She gets inside and he closes the door behind him. When she thought about coming here, she was all fired up but now she got cold feet. He gets closer to her and lays his hands on her shoulders. He kisses her neck which gives her chills. He’s unshaven which made it even worse. She remembers the words he said last evening and the nightmare she saw. She pushes him away and turns around to look upset at him.
“Do you think I’ll forget everything you said to me yesterday by seducing me like that?”
He looks at her up and down.
“Sorry you were saying” He stops
She rolls her eyes and sighs.
“Do you care about anything else besides yourself?”
“No I also care about what you’re wearing and that’s not it”
“OK I’m leaving” She gets to the door but he grabs her arm gently
“I’m sorry. Why were you here again?”
“About that message you sent. I don’t know what you mean. Are you threatening me with something?”
“No, I’m just saying I won’t go away no matter what you do. I’ve already seen the signs”
“What are you, clairvoyant?”
“You dress like that and you stay close to your friends. You do anything so you don’t have to have anything to do with me”
“You are right. Especially what you said to me yesterday. I don’t like the way you treat me. I’m not someone you can just use whenever you like. I have feelings too”
“OK, I’m sorry about that. If I could I would take it back. I promise I never do it again” He gets closer to her
“So that will make it all better? You really hurt my feelings, Tom” She’s upset
“You know what to call me in school”
“I don’t give a damn” She storms out of the room
The outcome wasn’t at all as she had planned it. Rest of the day she’s really upset. She tried not to show it to her friends. She would go to the party to keep her mind off Tom. The weekend didn’t come soon enough.



Chapter 13



On Monday it’s back to school for Laura. The party had been so much fun. She met a lot of different people and she got to know the rest of her class. She even got to talk to a few boys in her class. They were totally different during the daytime. She didn’t think about Tom the whole weekend and he didn’t even call. From now on she would concentrate on her education. The schedule had changed a little bit. The English were now two hours instead of an hour. The same with Math. This must have something to with Tom. Their first class was biology. It was taught by a female professor. When it was lunch time, Laura gets to the cafeteria with her newfound friends. They talk about the party. Lexia was quite a tease so she joked about Laura and a boy she met there.
“So how did it go with that guy you talk to yesterday? He was quite cute”
“We just talked and nothing else. I guess he was OK” Is her reply
“Do you think you see him again? You looked so good together. I saw he fancied you”
“Nah, he’s just not someone I go for”
“What do you go for then?”
Laura looks away a little embarrassed and Lexia notice so she doesn’t pry. Then Tom arrives at the cafeteria. He doesn’t see the girls. Laura looks his way and Miriam notices.
“You like Professor Hiddleston?” She’s surprised
“No, no” Laura shakes her head “I remember what you said and I will stay away”
“Don’t be ashamed. It’s totally fine. We all have been there. You like a guy but he’s probably gay, taken or in this case professor” Miriam puts her hand on Laura’s arm for a second
“I’m not ashamed”
Connor looks at the time on her mobile.
“Guys, we got to go. You know who we got”
“Yikes, he hates people being late” Lexia stands up and takes her bag from under the tableRest of the three girls stand up. It was time for the first big test, English for two hours. Laura was getting nervous. It wasn’t because of the subject but about what Tom could do. She had run out of the teacher’s lounge in a hurry. The students get to their classroom. It was the same one that they had the first day. They would have a lot of classes there. Everyone sat in the same seats every time. There was always a lot of noise before the classes would start. Laura keeps to her mobile. It calmed down her nerves. It gets quiet when Professor Hiddleston arrives. She looks up to look at him. He had put on a dark grey suit without a tie and a pale blue shirt. He is cleanly shaven. Even if he looked really handsome, she looked at him in a totally different light. Her infatuation had faded. His words are still fresh in her memory. She would only concentrate on what he’s teaching.About an hour later there is a 15-minute break. Laura’s friends had gone to the bathroom. She looks into her social media accounts. She looks up and notices everyone had gone somewhere. The only one left is the professor. He’s sitting at his desk, writing something in a notebook. She decides to leave the classroom so she takes her backpack. When she’s at the door, he looks up.
“Miss Jenkins, can I talk to you for a second?” He takes his glasses off and puts them in his side pocket
“I need to go” She’s about to
“Please, Laura. This is really important. You’re future depends on it” He stands up and when she stops, he smiles
“OK” She closes the door when he tells her
“Actually, it doesn’t really. I just wanted your attention. Come closer”
She slowly does. She doubts about the whole situation. She’s wearing white jeans and a t-shirt so maybe he wanted to complain about that. But to her surprise, he doesn’t even look at her that way.
“I’m been thinking about what you said and I did treat you badly. But you must understand that I’m used to getting what I want. I got too far and I really apologize for that. So please forgive me”
She thinks a while without looking at him.
“No, I won’t. I don’t want to hear your excuses. I just want to pass this education and nothing more. I’m totally over you. I really have to go” She looks at him and gets to the door to open it
“You really think you will, huh? We’ll see about that, Miss” He gets annoyed
She gets shocked when she hears it. Maybe she had made things worse. She gets back to class after being to the bathroom. The class continues. Her worry gets real after the homework is dealt. Professor gets to her desk and slams her piece of paper in front of her. Other students were still there so everyone hears it.
“I want 20 pages of this until tomorrow” He looks angry at her and then gets back his desk
She looks upset at him and stands up to get to him.
“I can’t do this until tomorrow” She raises her voice and points at the paper in her hand.
“You will or I fail you. Understood?”She’s furious but only shows it to him. She gets back to her seat. She swears to herself. Her three friends look at her.
“Wow, you really have pissed him off” Lexia says but Laura throws her things in her backpack while looking furiously at Tom
Her all day was ruined. She now had two homework but at least the second was only reading material. She had plans with her friends but now she had to cancel it. She didn’t look forward to Math that she hated. All she could was trying to get back on his good terms again.



Chapter 14



Laura wrote all evening and all night. It was unfair she had to do double work only because she hadn’t forgiven Tom. The subject of the essay was about England in the 18th century. Luckily she had read about it before and of course, the internet was a great help. She didn’t exactly get 20 pages but that was all he would get. She wouldn’t give into threats. She gets to school the next morning but she’s really tired. She gets to the teacher’s lounge and sees Tom by the same table as before. He’s talking to another professor. She throws the bunch of papers in front of him.“Here’s your stupid essay. Happy now?” She yells angryHe tells the professor to leave and he does. Tom stands up and gets to the door to close it.“Never ever come here and barge in like that” He’s angry at first but then calms down“You shouldn’t have increased my workload then and threat me with failing me” She’s still angry“I never thought you would actually do it. I didn’t really mean what I said” He laughs but she’s not amused“You find it funny? I worked all night to write this. I haven’t slept a wink and you mock me”“Calm down. You keep saying I can’t control you and you proved it again that I can”“This is school work and that has nothing to do with it. I thought you would fail me and that is nothing to laugh about. I take my education seriously” She’s a little calmer“Alright, I won’t do it again. I just got upset. I really did try to apologize. I’m not making this up. Please believe me” He says and then gets closer to herShe has calmed down. She looks down on the floor. Her hair is loose so he moves it away from her face. He lifts her head up from her chin and looks deep into her eyes. She was angry and tired but she realized how much she had missed him. She wraps her left arm around his neck and their lips meet. It was a passionate kiss and it could have been more than that if the school bell hadn’t ringed. They would meet at lunch break so it meant their affair was back on again.Laura smiles on the way to the classroom. She stops when she sees her friends in the hall. After a while, they get inside. They asked her about the essay she had to write and about what happened in English the day before. She said everything was fine and that was it. They didn’t pry anymore.
At lunch Laura tells her friends she wasn’t hungry so they would meet in the next class. With her backpack on her shoulder, she gets to the meeting place. They couldn’t meet in the same empty classroom. There was another place that would be empty and that was in the room in the teacher’s lounge. It had only a door and no window. There was a bookshelf with a few books in it. The room was still big enough to move around in. There’s only one light on the ceiling. It was a dangerous place but they couldn’t stay away from each other.“Remember, you can’t scream or make any loud noises. No matter how good it feels, be as quiet as possible” He says when they get to the room“I won’t” She moves his jacket over his shouldersHe opens her jeans and pulls them down to her ankles. They both moan quietly while undressing each other.“Next time. Wear a skirt” He pants and pulls her underwear downWhen they’re both naked, she wraps her arms around his neck and he pushes her against the wall where the bookshelf begins. They kiss passionately while she wraps her legs around his waist. She runs her fingers through his hair. He takes a grip of his erected cock and slowly gets inside her. Their lips part and they look at each other.“Oh Professor” She moans“You like that, do you?” He whispers while thrusting “You can’t be without my cock, can you?”“Your big cock”He begins to move faster.“You wouldn’t care if someone entered the room. You don’t care they hear”“No” She pants“You are a little slut, are you? Fucking your professor”“Yes, fuck me”
He thrust even faster. Someone has indeed entered the lounge but it didn’t make them stop. They kiss to prevent her from screaming. He pushes a few times and reaches climax. The person is still in the bigger room. They calm their breathing quietly. He slowly withdraws and let her back on the floor. She had her shoes on so her landing is comfortable. They smile. They just had sex during school hours and they were not alone. They put their clothes back on. The person was still there so they wait.“Thank you” She whispers and gives him a kiss“Shh, we have to wait. The lunch is over soon”While he listens she looks at him. No one would ever make her feel the way he did. It was both exciting but also being with someone with experience could never compare with any college boy. The person finally leaves and he’s about to open the door. She wraps her arms around his neck and kisses him. She didn’t want to let go. She was addicted to him. He tries to make her stop but she just continues.“Don’t let me get my whip” He says when he finally gets free“You have one?”“No, just a figure of speech. Unless you like me to”“With you, I’m totally wild” She runs her right hand across his chest“You better concentrate on your education first. OK I think the coast is clear” He then opens the door slowly to make sureShe takes her backpack from the floor. She smiles when she looks at him. She’s happy. They kiss and she leaves. They would meet later but where was still a secret. Maybe they would meet outside school. He would call when the day was over.



Chapter 15
Chapter Summary
Warning! Spanking and hard.
Chapter Notes
Finally got this chapter finished. It was a difficult one but there you have it.



Laura had to decline a meeting with her new friends. She said she needed sleep. Part of it was true but sleep wasn’t what she would practice. Tom had texted her the address where they would meet. It was in a strange place. It was in an abandoned warehouse. It’s was quite cold there. She didn’t know why they couldn’t meet at his place but she didn’t ask. The last thing she wanted was upsetting him. She didn’t want to spoil what they had. She drove home to change clothes. She had bought a mini skirt of her own so she didn’t need to borrow her mother’s. She took a jacket with her just in case. She drives to the warehouse but it wasn’t as cold as she thought it was. Tom hadn’t got there yet so she waits in her car. She listens to the radio. It was getting darker outside. She looks at the time and it is 5.20 pm. He was already 30 minutes late. He wanted his students to be on time but he was always late himself. It was him who needed manner lessons. She had told her parents she would eat at a friend’s place. In a way it was true but it wasn’t food she would eat.
She’s getting worried that he still hadn’t got there. She decides to call but there’s no answer. What she hadn’t realized was that he actually already was there. He wanted to test her patience. She looks out of the window and sees a light in the warehouse. It wasn’t there before. She leaves her mobile in the car and locks the doors. She walks into the warehouse and tries the door. It’s open so she gets inside. It’s not a very big one but it still looks a bit creepy. The warehouse was on two floors where the 2nd floor is a platform with a railing. It was empty except for the long table in the middle of the floor. She looks around and walks further.
“Don’t turn around” She tries not to but she’s curious so she peaks over her shoulder. But Tom repeats it louder. He’s a little further behind her.“What’s this?” She wonders“No questions. Undress. Everything. Slowly”She does what he says. When she’s bare, he tells her to walks forward until he says stop. He stands right behind her and looks closely at her. Her breathing is getting heavier. She loved the way he looked at her. It gave her chills but also feel a great sensation.“You did really well today. Fucking when someone else is in the room. I always wanted to do that”“Mm, Tom”“You learn quickly to say the right name. But when we’re somewhere else, you call me Sir. Say it”“Sir” She closes her eyes for a second“Good girl. Tell me about your reputation. I heard you really like fucking anyone with a cock”“No, I don’t”“I know someone who works in your old school and they say you did them too”“No, I haven’t. I swear”“Good. Just testing you. Now bend down and lean against the table with your hands on it”
She does what he tells her. He stands close to her so she can feel his hardness against her behind. He takes a grip of her hips and pulls her so the table is almost out of reach. She can hear him open his belt and take it off. She knew exactly what he was about to do. He begins to breathe heavier and touches her behind with the belt lightly.“Oh, god that fine ass of yours. It gets me so hard, you wouldn’t believe”Without saying anything, he slaps her right cheek with the belt so it makes her whimper. Then he slaps the left one. He spanks her a little harder so she screams in pain. Just when she thinks he’s stopped, he spanks her even harder. It was hurting her so bad but she was too afraid to tell him to stop. Every spank he gave her, the louder she screamed. This was the reason why he wanted to meet in this warehouse. He loved the way he was hurting her. His grunts echoed in the same rhythm as her screams. In a moment he stops. She felt burning on her skin. Thinking the pain would be over she rests her legs by trying to stand up.“I didn’t tell you to move” He commands her and pulls her back to the same position she was inHe drops the belt on the floor and opens his pants. Before she knows it, he thrust inside her with force from behind. He takes a grip of her hips and slams inside her. Her moans were a proof she loved it. His thrusts were so intense she couldn’t speak. He stops before he would come. He spins her around so she faces him.
“Now my little slut, give daddy your tight pussy” He makes her stand closer to the tableHe lifts her up on the table and she whimpers in pain. Her behind hurt after all the spanking but she’s was too turned on to care much. She wanted him inside her as soon as possible.“Yes, Sir” She wraps her arms around his neckHe takes a grip of his erected cock and slides inside her easily. He takes her slowly at first and then increases the speed. They keep looking at each other. With her legs around his waist, he takes her until he climax. They kiss passionately a while him still inside her. They’re both exhausted so they just look at each other.“I love you, Laura” He caresses her hair“I love you too” She smilesHe’s about to pull out.“Please take me one more time” She tries to touch his cock but he takes her hand away“No, it’s enough cock for you”She yelps when he withdraws. He moves away from her and pulls his pants back on. He picks up the belt from the floor and putting it back in his pants. She gets slowly down from the table and picks up her clothes from the floor. When she’s dressed, she looks up and notices he’s looking at her.
“What?”“I’m just thinking about us” He smiles a littleShe gets closer to him and wraps her arms around his neck to give him a kiss.“About us what?” She looks into his eyes“You letting me do this to you. I never thought I would find someone like you. Someone who fulfil my fantasies. I know it’s wrong but can’t help it”“It’s not wrong. You haven’t forced me to do anything. I’m happy we met” She gives him a more passionate kiss and he responsesIt was already 8 pm so they had to leave. It was school night and she promised she would be home by 9 pm. Her behind was still sore but it would probably get better by morning. Her parents didn’t ask who her friend was and it was for the better.



Chapter 16
Chapter Summary
The next day in school.



The next day Laura gets to school. What happened the night before was still fresh in her memory. She would try to concentrate. The first class was Math so it wouldn’t make her day easier. She would probably smile like an idiot. Before the class begins her classmate Zach talks to her when he sees her smiling while looking in her mobile.“What are you smiling about?”She wasn’t really looking at her phone. She keeps thinking about the evening. Her friends hadn’t arrived yet. She’s so in her thoughts she doesn’t hear him. He sits on the chair where Miriam usually sat. The class would begin soon. He asks her again and she looks at him.“Oh nothing” She smiles a little and put the mobile on the desk in front of her“You have a beautiful smile”“Thank you”“Um, my birthday is coming up and I’m having a party. Do you want to come?”“When is it?”“In 2 weeks. It’s on a Saturday”“We’ll see. Maybe”
While they keep talking, Tom enters the classroom. He sees them talking and he doesn’t like it at all. He’s so upset, he doesn’t notice the girls were late. He drops the file on his desk he has in his hands so everybody hears. The students get seated. Laura looks his way but all she gets is a cold shoulder. She didn’t think why. During the class, he didn’t come to her once. She had to ask her friends to help her. On the break, all the students leave but not her. Tom sits by his desk writing something on a paper. She approaches him and bends down in front of the desk. She smiles and lays her right hand on his left hand but he just keeps writing.“I had a very nice evening last night”“Mhm” Is his only replyShe stands up and keeps looking at him. The sleaves on his shirt are rolled up to his elbows and the two buttons were undone. He’s unshaven which always made her aroused. But now there was something different about it. Maybe she’d done something wrong. He is right down cold.“So are we going somewhere or stay here?” She says after a while but he doesn’t replyHe keeps writing and he doesn’t even care. The break was over soon over. After a moment he puts the pen down and stands up. He takes his glasses off and closes the folder.“Did you hear what I said?”“Sorry I can’t. I have a lot of work to do” He glimpse at her and then leaves the classroom
She couldn’t understand this at all. She leaves the classroom to get to the bathroom.In 5 minutes she gets back. Lexia, Miriam and Connor were discussing about a girls night. They ask Laura too. She didn’t have anything so she agrees. There was one hour left and after that, there would be lunch. They wouldn’t have any more classes with Professor Hiddleston that week. With the attitude he had, she was glad they didn’t have any plans.



Chapter 17
Chapter Summary
Laura's classmate, Zach gets into trouble.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




The girls went out to the movies and then for a pizza. They talked about Zach’s party. Laura was in her thoughts so they had to wake her up. They asked her what it was but she only said it was nothing. The next morning when Laura gets to school, she sees a bunch of students in front of the bulletin board on the wall in the hall. They’re laughing. They leave when they see her coming. She gets closer and by her surprise, she sees a note written with capital letters, LAURA JENKINS GIVES TO ANYONE. AND I MEAN ANYONE! Under that, it says, Zach. Instead of crying she rips the note off the board. She gets to the classroom and sees him with his friends by one of the desks.“How dare you write this nonsense?” She yells angry and slams the note in front of him
He looks puzzled at her and reads it.
“I didn’t write this. I swear” He looks at her after reading it
“Yeah sure. What did I ever do to you?” She’s still really angry
“I would never do this. Please believe me, Laura”
“Right. Maybe you will change your tune when the principal hears about this”
“OK then. Let’s go” He stands up and takes the note with him
They walk together to the principles office that is situated on the other side of the school building. Zach knocks on the door that says Principle Miss Marie Sutton. In a moment a lady in her 50’s opens the door.
“Shouldn’t you two be in class?”
“This is urgent” He says and she lets them inThere are two chairs in front of her desk so they sit down. Miss Sutton gets behind her desk. They tell her the story and show her the note.
“So you didn’t write this?” She says to him after she read the note
“No” He shakes his head
“This is your handwriting?”
“Yes but I didn’t write it” He insists
“You keep saying that but you’re a liar” Laura says angrily to him
“If you didn’t write this, who did?” Miss Sutton looks at Zach
“I don’t know. Someone is trying to frame me”
“Yeah right” Laura rolls her eyes
“Laura, why do you think Zach wrote it?” Miss Sutton looks at her
“Because I don’t like him and he knows that”
“That’s a stupid reason” Zach says to her calmly
“Why then?” She hasn’t calmed down yet
“I didn’t write it” He still claims
“Zach, you said you’re being framed. Why would someone do that?” Miss Sutton looks at him again
“I’m not very good in school. Especially in English. All that grammar and stuff” He looks at her
“That’s with Professor Hiddleston. How do you get along with the teachers in general?”
“Fine, I guess. If someone has problems with me, it’s him. I try my best but yet my grades are low”
“How about you, Laura?” Miss Sutton looks at her
“No problems with anyone” She’s calmed down a bit“Of course not. You’re a girl. You don’t know it but I’ve seen how he looks at you. Actually, all the female students are secretly in love with him” Zach is getting a bit agitated
“Zach, that’s a tough accusation. Besides, why would he write a note like that?” Miss Sutton asks him
“Maybe because he can. You’re all on his side because he gets your panties wet”
“Zach” Miss Sutton raises her voice a little
“Well, it’s true. Like that girl who got suspended. He should have got fired”
“Let’s get back to this note. Maybe you should apologise to Laura”
“What for? I didn’t write it” Zach is upset
“Don’t bother, Zach” Laura stands up “We should get to class”
“I talk to Professor Hiddleston about this” Miss Sutton puts the note on the desk beside a pile of books
“Like that would do any good” Zach says and stands up
“What did you say?” Miss Sutton look up at him
“Nothing” He gets to the door to open itThey both leave. Laura thought about the note. Maybe it wasn’t Zach after all. Maybe this was about Tom’s behaviour towards her the day before. They get to class and apologise to the professor they were late. The professor already knew where they had been.
When the day is over, Zach is being called to the principles office. After a while, he gets back.
“I got suspended for a month. Damn it” He says to his friends who waited for him
“I’m sorry” Laura says
“Don’t bother. Let’s go guys”
“I hope you’re happy now” One of the guys says to her and then leaves
She felt guilty and could hardly hold her tears. She just wanted to get home.



Chapter End Notes
If Zach didn't write the note, who did? Stay tuned.


Chapter 18



Laura’s friends at least didn’t abandon her. They gave her a group hug. It was Friday again and Zach usually had the whole class entertained. But now when he was not there, everyone was quiet and kept to themselves.
“It feels really empty Zach is not here” Lexia looks around the classroom
“He shouldn’t have written that note” Miriam says
“It wasn’t him. You only say that because you dislike him” Connor looks away from her mobile
Laura only listens to her friend's conversation.
“You know who you should really blame” Lexia nods towards Tom who’s just entered the classroom
English was the last subject of the day but none of the students wanted to be there. It was forbidden to use mobiles during class but everyone keeps using them. He keeps saying to put them away but no one does.
“If you don’t put your mobiles away right this minute, I’ll fail you all” He raises his voice
“What are you gonna do? Suspend us all for a month” One male student says
“It that’s what it takes. It’s your choice” He says calmlyLaura knew what he could do so she could only hope they wouldn’t provoke him.
“We do if you cancel Zach’s suspension” The same male student continues
“It’s not my place. For your information, he’s a troublemaker and deserves it. Now lets” He says but then gets interrupted
“And you don’t deserve to get fired?” Other male student says
“What Zach did is no concern of mine. If you want to complain, you can do it in the principles office. We really should start” He sits down by his desk
The students who spoke stands up and gets to the door to leave. Tom just let them. The other students didn’t want to get into trouble so they put their mobiles away. The class can finally begin.When the day is over all the students leave. They didn’t want to stay more than they had to. Those who left didn’t come back. Laura is the only one who stays. She packs her things and gets to him.
“So you know I didn’t have anything to do with the outburst”
“Don’t worry. I didn’t think you did” He smiles and stands up
He gets to the door and locks it. He gets to her and caresses her hair.
“So you didn’t have anything to do with the note. It doesn’t matter if you did” She says holding her bag with both hands
“No, why would I hurt you on purpose?”
“I don’t know. You weren’t really nice to me in Math class. I thought I did something wrong”
“I was just in a bad mood. Nothing to do with you” He gives her a kiss
She drops the bag on the floor and wraps her arms around his neck. They kiss passionately a while. She had really missed him.
“My parents are out of town this weekend so maybe we could spend it together” She says after the kiss
He moves her arms away from him.
“I can’t. I’m sorry” He steps away from her and gets behind his desk
“Somewhere you got to be?”
“You can say that” He doesn’t look at herShe didn’t understand why he was so secretive. She had been too afraid to ask but now she was about to get fed up.
“Why do you never talk about your life? We never meet at your place. Are you trying to hide something?”
She waits for him to get upset but he just looks at her.
“OK, I might just tell you. I have a girlfriend”
“Say what?” She’s still calm
“You heard me. That’s the reason we can’t meet”
“So I’m just an object to you? Someone you just use for sex” She tries to hold her tears
“You got it all wrong” He gets closer to her “You have something she doesn’t”
“Like what? Easy?”
“No, experimental. What we’ve done, she would never let me”
“So that’s your excuse. I should report you to the school board. You’ve been lying to me all this time. What else have you done to me? Cheating? Maybe it’s you who framed Zach” Her sadness turned to anger
“It wasn’t me honest. Like I said a few nights ago, I love you”
“That’s probably a lie too. I have to get out of here” She takes her bag from the floor and gets to the door to unlock it
“Laura” He says but she leaves
She had been a fool. Everything they’ve done she thought it was because of her. She couldn’t believe she had fallen for him in the first place. If she only could tell her parents about it but she was too ashamed.



Chapter 19



On Saturday Laura stayed home. Her mother had left food in the fridge but she wasn’t hungry. She thought about the news Tom had told her about him having a girlfriend. She both hated and missed him. She didn’t care who wrote the note in school. Zach’s suspension was wrong though. He’d done nothing wrong. Lexia had called but she said she needed the rest. She listens to music and read books. That made her relax. She wore jogging pants and a flannel shirt. Her hair was in a bun. She was actually more of a homebody than a party type. When she was home alone, she could dance to the music around the house. She lays on the couch reading a book when the doorbell rings. She pretends not being home but then she hears her name. It was Tom. She had never told him where she lived. But since he was her teacher he could get the address from her student file. Maybe he was there to convince her something. She puts the book on the table in front of the couch and stands up. She gets to the front door and opens it slowly.“Hi baby” He smiles but she just looks quickly up at him and then down on the doorstep
It’s quite warm outside so he only wears jeans and a plain T-shirt.
“You look pretty”
“What do you want?” She looks upset at him
“If you let me in. I’ll tell you. You don’t want the neighbours to know about us”
“There is no us. Leave me alone” She’s about to close the door
“I left my girlfriend”
“That’s nice” She fake a smile
“I understand you’re upset”
“Really?” She rolls her eyes
“Let’s talk inside. Please Laura” He touches her right arm
“Alright” She says after a while and lets him in
He steps inside while she closes the front door behind them. He turns to her and smiles. She waits for him to say something but he only looks at her. Before she could give in but now she’s stronger. She crosses her arms in front of her chest.
“If you’re worried she’s come after you, don’t be. We ended on good terms”
“Whatever”He looks puzzled at her.
“What’s with the attitude? I thought you would be pleased”
“I am. I just don’t believe you”
“Should I prove it to you?”
“You think I’m just a teen who doesn’t understand anything. You tell me one thing and show me another. I’ve known guys like you. You do anything to bed me so you lie and lie”
“I’m sorry if they hurt you but I’m not like them”
“You had a girlfriend” She yells and walks past him “And dumping her for me is no excuse”
“How about you and Zach? You weren’t honest either”
“What me and Zach? Where did you hear that?” She’s surprised
“So it is true. Don’t play innocent”
“You think me and Zach. That’s rich” She laughs
“I saw you talking to him”
“And you got jealous of that?”
“I wasn’t jealous” He denies
“Oh really?” She gets closer to him “I think you wrote that note so Zach would get expelled”
“I don’t have anything to do with that” He swallows hard and noticesShe stands really close and then takes a grip of both of his wrists. She makes him walk backwards while they look into each other's eyes.
“You know Tom. What really makes me hot is jealousy. And especially when a guy denies it”
“What do you do then?” He tries not to sound too excited
They end up against the wall beside the kitchen door. On his right, there is a painting that he only just misses. She pins him to the wall with his hands beside his head.
“I make them confess one way or another. They always do”
“OK, I am jealous. OK, I confessed. You can let go” He tries to get free but she holds him tighter
“You think you’re the only one who can take control. You didn’t confess what I want”
She’s amazingly strong. Maybe because he got a lot to answer for.
“Alright, I get your point. Don’t even try to prolong this because then I”
“You’re gonna fuck me until I scream?” She interrupts him
“Yeah” He tries to kiss her but she looks away for second
“Did you write that note?”
“No”
“Did you write that note?” She repeats but more upset
“No, I didn’t”
“That’s not good enough. I’m gonna let go of my right hand but do not touch. OK?” She does slowly so he wouldn’t moveHe keeps looking at her while his breathing is getting heavier. She slowly opens his jeans and he sighs when she pulls out his semi-erect cock. He lets out a deep sigh of relief. She moves her hand up and down the shaft.
“Did you write that not?” She looks at him while moving her hand
“No”
“OK, maybe you don’t want me to suck you” She’s about to stop when he touches her hand with his free one
“Please” He begs
“Confess you wrote that note”
“I didn’t. Please continue”
Maybe he really enjoys this but she wanted a confession. She continues moving her hand back and forth. She could feel her panties getting wet. She let’s go of her other hand and gets down on her knees in front of him. While moving her hand, she looks at the dripping tip. She couldn’t help but lick it once. It makes him grunt. He keeps both of his hands against the wall.
“Mm, you taste so good. Confess” She looks up at him
“I swear I didn’t write it. Get it back in your mouth bitch” He gets a bit irritated
“I don’t tolerate that kind of language. Now you really need to be punished. I’ll make you confess” She looks up upset at him
She takes a firm grip and takes him deep in her mouth. She uses her tongue while taking him. It makes him absolutely crazy. He pulls her hair and calls out her name over and over again. There was no confession until she sucks the tip with a popping sound. She stops for a while.
“OK, OK I confess. I wrote that note but only because I thought you were with someone else. Now please make me come in your mouth” He pants while looking down at her
She twists her hand up and down the shaft while sucking the tip. With her free hand, she squeezes his balls. The closer he gets to the edge, the louder his grunts become. Her moans made it even more erotic. He’s coming so hard, it spills over her mouth. She takes him out of her mouth and her lips are soaked with his cum. Her knees were sore so she stands up. He quickly passionately kisses her lips.“It takes a lot to get a confession out of you” She says after the kiss and smiles
“But so tasty. I bet your panties are soaking wet. How about taking them off?” He tries to touch her but she steps back
“Not here. We’re in my parent's house, remember?”
“That’s what makes it so hot. I bet you fantasied about this several times” He gets closer to her and touches her lips
“No, but you might have” She takes his hand away
“I’ve never been here so how would you know?” He walks past her
“So what, you still could?” There’s a tone in her voice
“Are you upset I wrote that note because it sounds like you still are?”
“No, not at all. I’m over that. So what if you wrote I give to anyone. I mean anyone” She’s sarcastic
“I’m so so sorry about that. I was a jerk about it”
“I say. You can’t help yourself. You really need to prove everyone how much control you have. Even the principle is on your side. She believed you more than a student. Maybe you’re banging her too”
“She wishes. Why are we even fighting over this? We should be fucking right now”
“Because I’m angry at myself for being so weak. I should expose you but you’re just so”
“I’m so what?” He gets closer to her and so does she
“A mind reader. You know exactly what I like and want. Even when you teach, I keep thinking about what would happen if I could just rip off my clothes and we would do it in front of everybody”
“That would be some sexual education I tell you that” He smiles but then get serious again
One more look and they wrap their arms around each other. They kiss passionately while he lifts her up in his arms. They get upstairs to her room. They make passionate love half the night and they fall asleep in each other's arms.



Chapter 20
Chapter Summary
The next morning.



Laura wakes up in her bed. The sun was shining outside. She felt cold so she looks under the cheat and then remembers. It puts a big smile on her face. But then she remembers her parents. They would be home soon. She gets out of bed and gets to her wardrobe and puts on a large long-sleeved shirt. Her clothes are on the floor so she puts them in the laundry basket in the bathroom. She sees Tom’s mobile on the night table so he was still there. When she’s about to open the door, he steps inside.“You have to leave. Like right now. My parents are coming home any minute” She tries to push him out of the door“Wait, wait, it’s only 7 am and you said they will coming in the evening”“Oh” She calms down but she still looks puzzled “7 am you say”“Yes”“7 am. Are you crazy? How dare you wake me up this early” She’s a little upset“You’re not a morning person, are you?” He laughs a little“No” She sits down on her bed and he sits beside her “You’ve changed clothes. When?” She looks at him“I woke up early and drove home. I lent your key”“Sorry I’m a bit dizzy and relieved” She smiles a little“If you’re tired, you can continue your sleep”She looks at him and lays her hand on his thigh.“Unless you want to do something, productive” She looks at him seductively“Normally I would but I think you need sleep” He tries to stand up but she sits on his lap facing him“But this is not normal. You’re in my bedroom at my parents’ house. We’re not in school or outside. You’re in my world. Here the rule is different. You do what I say and I say, let’s fuck” She kisses his lips passionately and makes him lay on the bed on his back
He wraps his arms around her and responds to her kisses. She wants to take her shirt off so she gets up on her knees on the bed. While he looks at her naked body, she gets back on top of him. They don’t speak a word. They continue kissing. He moves his hands to her behind and touches her pussy lips from behind. It makes her moan a little louder. She could feel his growing bulge against her swollen clit. She sits up and opens his jeans. They keep their eyes open. She takes a grip of his cock and moves her hand back and forth before slowly touching her clit with the tip. His breathing is getting heavier. She thrust his cock inside her. She sighs and closes her eyes. He lays his left hand on her hip and stimulates her clit with the other. She moves slowly up and down. He moves his thumb and index finger across the clit. She squeezes her breasts in her palms.“Oh, I love this. Don’t make me come” She moans but he thought differentShe opens her eyes and tries to take his hand away but it didn’t stop him. He keeps looking at her clit.“I tell you to come right now” He moves his fingers even faster “Come right now” He commandsShe bounces up and down. She yelps and moans until she finally explodes onto his finger. As soon as she does, he licks his fingers to taste her. She withdraws and exhausted collapses beside him on the bed.
“You can’t get enough, can you?” He asks after calming down“If your motives were to get me addicted, you’re succeeded”“Likewise” He turns on his right side and kisses her foreheadHe lays back and closes his eyes. She turns to him and lays her head on his chest to listen to his breathing.“Tom” She says after a while “What should we do about this school thing?”“What school thing?”She lifts her head up to look at him.“The note. Zach’s suspension. We can’t tell them the truth about that”“Actually, I thought about quitting school in general. I don’t know if I can take this much longer”“What do you mean?”“I have to tell somebody how much in love we are. We can’t be in public because you’re my student. Imagine, we could walk free and do what we want. Maybe even do it in front of others” He turns back to this right side and moves her hair away from her face“Hold your horses. That was just a fantasy”“That was just an example. But you know what I mean”“Oh sorry”“Laura, I want to be with you forever. After you’ve graduated we could get married and maybe have a family in the future” He’s enthusiastic“You figured all that out? Don’t get too excited”“One thing is sure, we will never fall out of love” He gives her a kiss“Oh, Tom. Let’s just take one step at the time, OK?”He looks at the time on his mobile. They both take a shower and then they get downstairs to eat breakfast.



Chapter 21



Tom said to Laura they could spend the night at his house. They would leave a note to her parents she would stay at a friend’s place. It was almost the truth, he said but she needed sleep so she stayed home. A long week was ahead so she had to get well-rested.On Monday morning, she drives to school. When she gets to the classroom, all the boys were gone. They had decided to boycott school until Zach would be back. Laura asked about it from her friends and they told her. They all blamed Tom for getting Zach suspended. She felt really bad about the whole thing but she couldn’t reveal the real truth about the note. After lunch they have Math. This time it was only an hour. When he enters the classroom, only Laura is looking at him. They smile at each other for a second and then he notices the boys weren’t there.“Where are the boys?” He asks but no one replies so he asks again“They’re called themselves sick” One girl says and continues looking in her phone“OK” He only says and then writes something on the blackboard“A test? You got to be kidding” Lexia raises her voice when she sees what he wrote“That’s right. I want to know what you learned so far”“Don’t punish us for Zach’s suspension. It wasn’t our fault you hate him” She’s quite upset“No need to get personal” He’s calm“Zach is a lot of things but he would never disrespect girls”“I won’t talk about this now”“Maybe because you have something to do with it” Lexia continues but he doesn’t answer “So that’s a yes then”“Don’t think this will change my mind about the test”“We all refuse to have the test. You can send us to the principal’s office but we won’t obey”“I see you rather risk your own grades for a rebel. OK Lexia, you’re free to go”“Wait, what? You can’t do that” She raises her voice a little“Yes, I can. Anyone else wants to leave?” He looks at everybody but they just look down or look the other wayLexia keeps sitting down. She regretted what she said. He knew his threat worked so he doesn’t say anything else. He hands the test papers to the girl on the first row. It was only on one side. When they were done, they could leave. Laura didn’t hurry with the test. She wanted to talk to Tom alone. She still struggled with Math but not as much as before. She also had a good teacher in so many ways. She’s only a few questions away when Tom gets to her. It startles her when he kisses her lips. She looks around the classroom with her eyes open and notices they were alone.“No need to finish. It was only a formality”“So I stressed for nothing” She’s a bit upset“OK, I’ll wait” He’s about to leave“No, I didn’t mean I wanted to finish it” She’s calm again“I thought so” He turns back to her “I really missed you last night. How about taking a rain check?”“OK but on one condition. You tell the principle to take Zach back. Tell her it was a practical joke from some other student”“You know I can’t do that”“Alright, see you tomorrow” She takes her backpack from the floor“OK, OK, I’ll do it”“Good” She smiles and gives him a quick kiss before she leavesHe would call her later where to meet. She would tell her parents she would stay with a friend.



Chapter 22



When Laura gets to school the next day, she arrives at the same time as Zach. He looked happy. He high fived everyone he met. His classmates cheered for him. He didn’t look at Laura even if he knew she was there. He hadn’t forgiven her for not believing him. His birthday party was probably out of the question. She didn’t really care about it. She would rather be with Tom. Their relationship had become more than just sex. They had got to know each other deeper. They talked about their past and hopes for the future. Despite their age difference, they had quite a lot in common. She’s so in love she wanted to tell the world. They just had to be careful they wouldn’t get exposed. The students get inside their classes. Before Laura sits down in her seat, Zach whispers something in her ear that shocks her.“I know about you two”
She knew what he meant and that made her really nervous. When the class is over, she had got her calm back. She faces Zach on the break.“Zach, I need to talk to you in private”“Why?” He looks at her while he’s with his friends“You know why”“OK. Guys, wait for me in the hall” He says to them and they do so“Are you mad at me still?” She asks him after they leave“Not at all. I know it wasn’t you who framed me. It was Professor Hiddleston”“Do you have any proof or are you upset because he gives you bad grades?”“I know you know it’s him. Why would they drop the suspension otherwise?”“I swear I didn’t”“Stop lying, Laura. I know you and him have something going on. You always stay behind. Don’t think I haven’t noticed when the door to this classroom is locked”“You’re wrong”“Right” He’s a bit upset and leaves the room
Since he had no proof, she wasn’t worried. But she would still tell Tom about it. She would do it later. Maybe he had a class. She takes her bag and leaves the classroom to find her friends. They’re on the schoolyard. Lexia is sitting on a bench with Miriam while Connor stands. They’re laughing at something when Laura gets to them. She stands on the other side of the bench.“What’s so funny?” She asks with a smile“Nothing really. Just some old stuff” Connor looks her way“What did Zach say to you?” Lexia looks up at Laura“Nothing”“OK, be secretive” Lexia smiles“It wasn’t about the party? You’re still invited, are you?” Connor asks Laura“No, it wasn’t. I don’t think he wants me there”“Because of the suspension?” Connor continues“Among other things”
Miriam pokes at Lexia. She had seen Zach and his friends approaching them. The girls look their way.“Um, about the party” Zach says and pauses“We were just talking about it” Lexia who was the most talkative“It’s been cancelled. You can thank Laura for that” He looks her way“What? Me? How can it be my fault?” She’s a little offended“You know the real reason why I got suspended. Should I tell them or should I?”“Tell us what?” Lexia looks at Laura“He’s making it up” She looks back at her“It’s Professor Hiddleston who framed me” Zach blurbs out“And you have proof of this?” Lexia doubts“Well, it’s Laura who’s having an affair with him”The girls look at her in disbelief.“I do not. How can you think that of me, Zach?” She’s really upset at him“So you’re still denying it? I bet your mobile is full of messages from him”There wasn’t really. She mostly deleted them. She’s in deep water now and she’s about to drown in it.“Zach, this is really low, even for you. You blame everyone except yourself. Will you stop spreading rumours around” Lexia defends Laura and stands up from the bench “Let’s go girls”Laura felt some relief but she could feel it wasn’t over. When the girls leave, Zach looks angry at her. It was time for another class and the day would be over. Laura had to call Tom they couldn’t meet later.



Chapter 23



Laura hadn’t seen Tom all day. She usually did but for some reason, he was nowhere to be seen. He was supposed to call but maybe he hadn’t had time yet. She sits in her car and looks through her mobile. She finds his number but when she tries to call, there’s a voice saying there is no contact. He probably had his mobile switched off. She would try a little later.
Meanwhile in the principal’s office. Tom was about to call Laura when he was called into Miss Sutton’s office. He sits across her desk.“So you wanted to talk to me about something?”“Zach was here earlier and he told me something I don’t really know if I should believe” Miss Sutton sits with her elbows on the desk“Like what?” He had a feeling what this was about but he was confident enough not to panic“He claims you’re having an affair with one of your students. I wouldn’t” She says but then he stops her“Can I stop you there? Whatever he said isn’t true. You know how these kids make up things just to get noticed”“I wouldn’t doubt this if it hadn’t happened before. That time you only got a warning but if it happened again”“Let me remind you about our little secret. You don’t want that to come out, do you?” He smiles cheekily“Oh that” She clears her throat and looks away for a moment“So if you let this claim go, I promise I never tell what happened”“Alright. Zach doesn’t have any proof so” She leans her back against the back of her chair“Good” He smiles and stands up to leave
When he’s out of the door, he takes his mobile from his back pocket to switch it on. He calls Laura who answers straight away.“I’m so relieved. Where are you?” She says on the other end“I tell you later. Let’s meet”“Zach knows about us” She interrupts him“I know but don’t worry. I’ve handled it. Tell me where you are so we can meet”“We can’t”“Why not?”“Because of Zach”“What about him? Is he with you?”“Of course not. We can’t meet because he’ll found out the truth”“You worry too much. Unless he’s stalking you. Let’s meet at the warehouse as before. I rather talk face to face”“Since when have you wanted face to face? It’s all rear for you” She jokes“Please stop talking like that. I’m in a public place”“Aroused, are you?”
He stops walking and looks around. He’s on his way to the teacher’s lounge. Luckily no one is there so he locks the door behind him. He sits down on the couch. She was right he was.“Laura, still there?”“Yeah, where did you go?”“Never mind. Talk to me. Tell me what to do next” His breathing is getting heavierShe knew exactly what he wanted to do. She’s still in the parking lot so she couldn’t really touch herself. “Are you sure you’re alone, Professor?”“Yeah, baby. Talk to me” He grunts“Imagine me between your legs, stroking you slowly. Your cock wants to get out” She says slowly“Mm” He lets out“Are you touching yourself, Professor?”“Yes” He groans while moving his right hand across the growing bulge“Oh, Professor I wish I was there” She leans her head against the car seat with her eyes closed“Why don’t you?”“I wish. I want to suck that stiff and hard cock so bad” She says but then stops “I got to go”“Don’t you dare” He gets upset but she ends the callSomeone has knocked on her car window which startles her. She knew he would punish her later.



Chapter 24
Chapter Summary
Is the secret out?



Laura got interrupted by Lexia. She apologised for startling her. She asked if everything was alright. Most of the students had left so only a few cars were left in the parking lot. “My car broke down so I thought you could give me a lift” Lexia bends down by the open car window “Sure. Hop in” Laura smiles and moves her bag to the backseat Lexia gets to the passenger’s side and says where to go. Laura starts the engine and drives to the road. The sun is shining so she puts her sunglasses on that lays above the dashboard. She has put her mobile above it. Her panties are wet. She hoped Lexia wouldn’t notice. Her skirt was kind of short when she sat down. “So who were you talking to?” Lexia looks at her “No one special” “No one special? Biting your lower lip. I know that look” Lexia smiles “Was it a boyfriend?” “That’s not really your business” Laura is a bit upset “Hey come on. It’s me. I wouldn’t tell anyone” Laura glimpse at her while driving through the town. She didn’t put her trust in anyone that easily. She didn’t fully trust Lexia. They were still quite new friends” “OK, I have a boyfriend in London” “In London? Right, Laura. I know it’s Professor Hiddleston” “No it’s not” Laura denies “You said you liked him. You said you wouldn’t do anything about it but I think you have” They were soon at Lexia’s place but Laura stops a few blocks away. “You believe Zach of all people. You know he only wants attention” She looks upset at Lexia “Calm down, Laura” She puts her hand on her arm for a moment “I defended you, remember. I won’t tell anyone. Not even Connor and Miriam. Let this be our secret”
Laura wasn’t sure if she could trust her word. It could spoil everything. “Swear you won’t tell a soul” “I swear. I don’t want either of you getting into trouble” Laura looks at her for a moment to see she really was sincere. She could read people quite well. “OK, it’s true and it isn’t just flirting. We’re in love” “Wow. So who seduces who?” Lexia is excited so she turns in her seat Laura tells her the story and Lexia is amazed. “I know I get punished for telling you this. He’s already really upset I hang up on him earlier” “Punish you? Like sexually?” “Yes” “I could never have guessed you’re a wild one” Lexia smiles “Well, he does make me feel like one” Laura smiles back “So a lot of angry sex then?” She laughs “You could say that” Laura smiles and then her mobile rings “It’s him?” Lexia asks and she nods She answers it and only listens. He’s really pissed off so she had no time to reply. She ends the call and is kind of shocked. “So?” “He...” She pauses “He called my parents and told them about us” “What happens now?” Lexia worries “I guess it’s over. My parents probably want me to move to another school” “Are you sure? How about him? Why would he risk his own job like that?” “I don’t know. I think I have to go home” She starts the engine She drops Lexia of and drives home. She had to meet the consequences.



Chapter 25



When Laura gets home, her parents were home but they didn’t mention anything about a call. They only talked about their day at the dinner table. She knew straight away that it was all a lie. In a way, she was relieved but also upset at Tom for scaring her like that. She would get to school early so she could talk to him in private.
The next morning she drives to school. It’s a rainy day so she puts jeans and a long-sleeved shirt on. In case the day would get better, she takes a top and the miniskirt with her in her bag. She gets to the parking lot and sees two parked cars. One of them was Tom’s. He would usually be in the classroom where they had English and Math. When she approaches the classroom, she hears an argument. She quickly glimpses inside from the doorway and sees Zach. She keeps listening to what is being said.“I know you forged my handwriting on that note. I could sue you” Zach is upset“Why would I waste my time on writing a note like that?” Tom is calm“I also know about you and Laura” Zach continues“That’s a lot of assuming. Maybe if you weren’t so immature, girls would look at you the way they look at me”“What’s so special about you?” Zach looks at him despitefully“Why would you care if I have an affair with Laura or not? It’s not like she wants you”“Ha, so you do admit it” Zach is confident about it“No, I didn’t. I’m only assuming” Tom grins“You’re exploiting your authority. You must be screwing the principle too or you would have been fired ages ago”“Mind your language. Don’t forget who you’re talking to”“You’re gonna do what? Give me bad grades? You already are and to my friends too. It’s clear the girls get better grades than us”“You only get bad grades because you’re lazy. If you studied more and not use your energy on the affair thing”“You’re a jerk and I don’t give a damn if you fail me. I will expose you one way or another” Zach says angry and storms out from the classroom
He walks the other way so he doesn’t see Laura. She waits outside. In a moment Tom steps out and they bump into each other.“Hi” She smiles looking up at him“Hi” He smiles back “How long have you been standing here?”He’s wearing a white long-sleeved shirt with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows. His pants are black. She keeps looking at his open shirt so she doesn’t reply straight away.“Long enough” She smiles again“Then I don’t need to repeat it. What are you doing here this early anyway?”“You have some explaining to do”“Let’s go to the empty classroom upstairs” He looks around to see no one is following themShe follows him. The door to the classroom is locked so he opens it with a key. It was dark so he switches the little light on the ceiling. They get inside the room and he locks the door behind them.
“Turn around” He says but when she doesn’t obey he does it for her “You know you’ve been a very bad girl and you need to be learned a lesson”“But it was a good reason”“There is no such thing. You should know by now you should finish what you started. Now bend over” He’s a bit upset“It was my friend who interrupted” She doesn’t do what he said“Does she know about us?”“No”“You’re lying”She swallows hard.“I swear I didn’t tell her”He pulls her hair so her head pulls backwards.“Next time make sure you switched the phone off” He then let’s go of her hairHe had heard every word. He makes her lean with her hands against the table. She can hear him open his belt and taking it off. She thinks he’s gonna spank her behind with it but instead binds her hands behind her back. She lays her chest on the table for a while when he pulls her down on the floor.“Kneel”She doesn’t refuse. He turns her to face him. She looks at the growing bulge and her breathing gets heavier. He opens his pants and takes a firm grip of his cock. It was already fully erect. She keeps licking her lips. She wanted it so bad and he noticed.“Never had a cock for breakfast, have you? But you have to wait for it. You punished me and now it’s my turn” He keeps stroking it back and forth while looking down at herHer moans get more frequent. He closes his eyes once in a while. He slows down his stroking so he wouldn’t come. They didn’t know what the time was. They both knew they had to be quiet. He gets closer to her.“Open your mouth” He says and she does so
They both sigh. He couldn’t hold it much longer. He thrust deeper into her mouth. They try to make little sound as possible but when he says ‘fuck’ too loudly when he climaxes anyone could hear. He pulls out. They’re both exhausted. His cock is still erect so he strokes it slowly while leaning against the table. Laura’s lips are covered with his cum. She keeps looking at his cock. She couldn’t believe how good he tasted. She could suck him all day. But they were in school and it was already over 9 am. After calming down, he closes his pants. He helps her up to her feet and unwraps her wrists. They kiss passionately a while. He would call her at lunch. What she wanted to say to him earlier could wait. They were late for class so they go their separate ways.



Chapter 26



Laura had to go to the bathroom to clean up. She probably smelled of sex. When she gets to class, she apologises for being late. They had history with a substitute teacher. History was her least favourite subject so she keeps thinking about Tom. He was probably distracted too.After the class is over, she tells Lexia Tom had heard their conversation and that she had been punished for it. Maybe it was too bold to say but Lexia wasn’t easily shocked. Miriam and Connor didn’t suspect anything. The girls are outside their classroom when Tom approaches them.“Laura and Lexia, can I talk to you?”“Sure” They both say and follow him to the classroomZach has just come to the hall with his friends.“There he is at it again. I bet they’re fucking there” He raises his voice a little so they would hear before closing the door behind them“Will you shut up?” Connor says upset at himHe looks at her once and then leaves with his friends.
In the classroom, Tom is sitting behind his desk while the girls stand on the other side.“So Lexia, you know about us then and you haven’t told anyone?”“Yes, that’s right. I won’t tell a soul and I won’t either”“It’s just that I can’t rely on your word”“Should I swear it in blood?” She’s a bit amused but he looks seriously at her“I need insurance because if you confess to Zach for example, then I have to fail you. You want a good grade, don’t you?”“I fully understand, Sir. I cross my heart”“Good. You two can go now” He smiles at Laura while they leave and she smiles back“He really likes being in charge, doesn’t he?” Lexia whispers to her“You have no idea” She whispers back
“So how was it? It doesn’t take long for him, does it?” Zach is outside with his friends when they get there“What are you on about?” Lexia looks at him and get to Miriam and Connor who stands a bit further away“Professor Hiddleston’s angels. Or should I say, whores?” He laughs and his friends do the same“Do you want to tell me something?” She’s upset at him and gets closer“Did he seduce you too?”“No wonder no girl likes you. You’re a jerk who only wants attention. You’re not the most popular anymore so you try anything. Zach, grow up” She’s about to go back to the girls“He smiles at you once and you’re ready to throw your panties at him”“You’re just jealous because you’re just a boy” She points at him with her right index finger“I see Laura is not the only one having an affair with him”“You take that back” She’s about to jump on Zach when Laura takes a grip of her waist and pulls her back“He’s not worth it” She says to her“Look who’s defending her. Partner in crime. Do you compare notices of who he satisfied the most?” He smiles and high-five one of his friends“You shut up” Lexia yells angry
The then door to the classroom opens and Tom steps out.“What is this commotion about?”“Nothing” Lexia says and calms down“They’re fighting over you, Sir” Zach says to him“Shut up, Zach. He’s calling us names” Laura says to Tom“Is that so?” He’s about to continue but then Zach interrupts“I was just saying the truth”All talk at once.“Enough” Tom raises his voice “Zach, to the principle’s office. Now” He points upset down the hall and starts to walk“But” Zach says but he just has to followHe knew he was in trouble again. The girls smile satisfied.
In the principle’s office, Zach sits on the chair across the desk while Tom is on the other. Zach is upset. He felt it was unfair he had to be in this office again.“What is it this time, Zack?” The principle Miss Sutton asks friendly“Ask him. I’m here because of him” Zach nods towards Tom “I didn’t do anything this time either”“I don’t know exactly what but the girls said he called them names” Tom tells Miss Sutton“They started it” Zach defends himself“How?” Miss Sutton looks at him“Ask him. He’s the one having an affair with them” Zach looks at him again“Not this again” Tom rolls his eyes“Yes again. So one wasn’t enough?”“I have no idea what he’s on about” He says to Miss Sutton“Yeah right. You have probably been through every female in this school. I don’t know if you’re a professor or a male whore”“Zach, apologise at once” Miss Sutton says to Zach“No, I won’t” He replies and then looks at Tom again “You’ve been walking around like you own the place. This is supposed to be a school and not a brothel” Zach says to him but he just sniggers “What’s so funny?”“Some imagination you have. If you only used that in your essays. Your claims are so ridiculous but what to expect from a child” He looks at Zach despitefully“Why don’t you call Laura a child because that’s what she is. Oh I forgot, you’re banging her” He rolls his eyes“Zach, enough” Miss Sutton raises her voice “No language like that here. Until you find proof about an affair, this case is closed. And apologise to the girls. We don’t want any sexual harassment claims”“How about him? A warning again?” Zach wonders“Like I said, the case is closed. You’re dismissed” Zach stands up and looks angry at Tom but he just smirks at him and gets to the door.“You’re probably screwing her too” Zach whispers to him at the door and then walks down the hall to leaveTom looks at the time on his wristwatch. He’s already late for class so he didn’t have time to think about the matter.



Chapter 27
Chapter Summary
Confessions and phone sex.



Zach reluctantly apologised to the girls for calling them names. He didn’t show it to them though. Their last class for the day would be English. But it wasn’t with Tom. They weren’t given the reason why. Zach smiled to himself because he thought it was because of him.
After school, Laura tries to call him but there is no answer. Not until she had eaten dinner with her parents and got ready for bed, he calls her. She sits on her bed with her PJ’s on.“Sorry for not answering but I had a lot on my mind” He says on the other end“I heard about what happened in the principle’s office”“It wasn’t about that” He says and then pauses “I need to tell you something”“OK” She’s doubting about what it could be“It’s true I did have an affair with a student and it’s because of me she got suspended”“So?” She wasn’t that surprised“That’s not all. It was the principal who caught us. To keep her quiet, I had to sleep with her”“So you did use me. First your girlfriend and now this. Any more secrets you want to tell me?” She’s upset“I promise that’s all. I understand this upsets you but”“Do you really?” She interrupts him “How can I trust you? Will I get suspended too if we get caught?” She tries not to talk too loud or her parents could hear her“It was her choice. I did what I had to do or she would have fired me”“So she seduced you? Now that makes me feel so much better” She sarcastically says“Please don’t be like that. I love you and the reason I told you this was, I wanted to tell you everything”“Everything? Then I don’t believe you dumped your girlfriend” She blurts out without thinking what would come out of her mouth“I really did”“Right. She just said OK and moved on. That’s too easy”“It wasn’t like that at all. She was actually upset”“Is she older than me?”“What does that have to do with anything?” He’s calm“I want to know”“OK, 30”“Oh, I see. So you changed her to someone much younger than you. I feel really loved” She rolls her eyes“Wait a minute. It was you who seduced me”“You could have said no”“You were really persuasive”She could hear he was smiling at that. It was true but still, she didn’t believe he was totally honest. He hadn’t told her about his girlfriend so he could still have some secrets. Then she remembers the first week of school.
“You’ve forgotten it was you who said you felt something when you saw me the first time”There is a silence on the other end. She knew he wouldn’t think about that moment.“It wasn’t anything sexual” Is his reply“Yeah right. That kiss wasn’t just a kiss or you would have pushed me away straight away”“OK, it was more than that. I wanted more. I could have taken you right there in the parking lot. I was even ready to quit my job”“Was it the same with the other student?” She asks while she lays down on her stomach on her bed“That one was a mistake”“How was she?” She suddenly asks which surprises him“What do you mean?”“Did she make your cock throb? Did she suck you the way I do?”“No, just boring sex”“Did she have a tight cunt?” She keeps asking“What are you trying to prove? That I fucked her because I was hard?”“Why a student? Why not another professor? Or Miss Sutton?”“It just happened. Maybe I just like younger. Are you worried about something?”“You wanted to be honest and that includes your past”“OK but can’t we do this in person?”“For real or is it sex you want?”“It depends on you. It seems you can’t stay away from my cock”She could hear in his voice he is smiling at that remark.
“Maybe because it’s so tasty. Oh, Tom, I shouldn’t talk like this. My parents are downstairs and?”“You haven’t touched yourself when they’re there?” He interrupts her“It’s not that. I’m more worried I scream out your name and they found out”His breathing is getting deeper which meant this conversation was turning him on.“How about testing it right now? Touch yourself”“Sorry Tom you can’t control me when I’m at home”“But I’m not there”“It doesn’t matter. Now be a good boy and let me hear you jerking off”“I already do. Oh, Laura, you can’t believe how hard I am. I wish you were here to suck me” He pants“You’re not jerking off loud enough. Put your mobile closer”She can hear him moving his hand up and down the shaft. She is soaking wet but she didn’t touch herself. She could hear his grunts in the background. He strokes his cock a little faster. She doesn’t say anything. He could release himself any time he wanted. She turns herself on her bed on her back with her eyes closed. She wished she could see him now. His panting gets louder which meant he was close. She couldn’t take this much longer. She thrust two fingers inside her and pretends it’s him. She bites her lower lip to prevent her from screaming his name. She moans in the same rhythm of his grunts to let him know what she is doing. She wanted to scream so bad. She can hear him stroking his cock faster and faster until he reaches his peak.“Oh fuck. Oh fuck” He pants“Oh Tom, I wish I could have seen that” She says after calming down her breathing“Doesn’t my little girl give her clit a treat? I know you want to” He’s still a little out of breath“It’s not the same when you do it. Making me come over and over again”“Oh Laura, I wish I could but like you said you don’t want your parents to hear and they would”She’s so aroused she could do anything.
“Then come here”“Really?”“Yes really. They’re already sleeping so you can sneak in”“I could but then I would have to gag you like they do in porn. I couldn’t control myself”“Then do it. I don’t care they’re here. I want you, Tom. You can fuck me any way you want”“As tempting as it sounds, it’s too risky”“I just want you to know how crazy I am about you”“I think you proved that already. You were ready to fuck in front of your parents”She understood her arousal made her think this way.“I’m sorry, Sir. The thought of your cock makes me think crazy things” She moans“I think. I think I have to” He clears his throat “Oh fuck, Laura”She could hear him stroking his cock again.“You’re thinking about it right now, are you? Imagine someone watching you” She says but gets interrupted“Stop Laura. I have to go. See you tomorrow” He says and ends the phone call quicklyShe knew what he was doing and it made her clit throb even more. She puts the mobile on her nightstand so she could release her lust. She tried to be as quiet as possible. The last thing she wanted was her parents to find out.



Chapter 28



Laura masturbated almost all night. She was missing Tom. She almost called him but decided it was better not. The call from him had started it all. She wanted to be with him all the time. Hiding this relationship was more difficult each time. Her parents had heard noises from her bedroom but she said she just had a vivid dream. She had to pay for her tiredness in school. She could hardly stay awake. Lexia joked it was Tom who kept her awake and it was true. Laura didn’t tell her any details. She met him after school and she told him what she had done. But when she said her parents had heard her, he got all weird and claimed he had some work to do. She wondered about that for a while but she didn’t question the excuse. Her friends had asked her if she would come to the movies and out for a pizza. She had declined at first but since she wouldn’t meet Tom, she called Lexia she had changed her mind. Laura called her parents she wouldn’t eat dinner with them. They thought it was great she had friends.
Laura comes home at 8 pm. She’s hearing talking from the kitchen. When she’s about to enter, she stops. Her heart is pounding faster. She stands out of sight to hear what is being said.“She’s doing alright in school but recently she’s been distracted. Does she have a boyfriend?” Tom tells them“Not that we know of. She had one in London but they broke up” Her father Stephen replies“She’s on her mobile a lot but I guess it’s a teenage thing” Her mother Rebecca says“How much does she talk about school at home?” Tom continues asking“Actually not so much as before. She used to come to us if she had a problem. We just figured out everything was fine” Stephen continues“She has problems with Math” Rebecca tells Tom“That could be the reason she seems distracted. If you like, I could tutor her after school” Tom suggestsLaura was appalled at first but then she realises what his intentions were.“That would be” Stephen says but then he sees Laura entering the kitchen “Had a nice time with your friends?” He asks her while looking up at her“Yes, I did” She glimpses at Tom who keeps sitting down but stands up when she gets to the round kitchen table with a dark blue tablecloth.“We were just talking to Professor Hiddleston about him tutoring you in Math after school” Stephen says“OK” She sits down across Tom while he sits back down“You don’t object?” Her father is a bit surprised“No” She looks at her father
Her father says something to Tom but she keeps looking at him. She moves her right foot across his left leg under the table. She moves it between his legs and up to his groin. She wanted to bite her lower lip but because of her parents, she couldn’t. She looks away once in a while so they wouldn’t suspect anything. She knew her touch was affecting Tom but he was good at hiding it. She caresses him gently with her foot.“How do 3 days a week sound?” He suddenly asks her which startles her a little“Mhm” Is her only reply while still keeping her foot on his groin“I guess that’s a yes then” Stephen smiles“That’s settled then” Tom smiles but then she touches him in a sensitive spot “I think, I think I have to go” He looks at his watch for the timeLaura takes her foot away.“It was nice to meet you” Rebecca says and they all stand up“Likewise” Tom smiles a little at them without looking at LauraShe keeps looking up at him. Her parents say goodbye to Tom and he leaves the kitchen.“I’ll show you out” Laura says and follows him to the hall
He’s about to open the front door when she gets in front of him and wraps her arms around his neck to kiss him. He pushes her away and nervously looks behind him to the kitchen door.“Will you stop that?” He whispers looking upset at her“Don’t worry, they won’t see” She tries to kiss him away“Do you want to get caught?”“I would ask the same”“I just wanted to know if they know about us” He’s calm again“Well, they don’t. Nice try with this tutoring thing. Like that’s what we’re gonna do” She smiles“What else? I couldn’t say we would fuck, could I?” He caresses her hair“I wish I could tell them about us”“You know we can’t. Not yet”“I understand. I should go back before they start to wonder”He wraps his arms around her waist and they kiss passionately for a while. They say goodbye and he leaves.
“I thought you went upstairs” Stephen says when she gets back to the kitchen“No, I just said goodbye to the professor and we decided what days to have the tutoring” She gets to the fridge to get something to drinkShe gets sits down by the table where her mother Rebecca is sitting. They didn’t say anything a while.“Do the professors in this school come to visit the student’s home? I was kind of surprised” Rebecca asks her after a while“No, it’s just his way”“And I always thought professors were much older” She continues“Not forgetting handsome” Stephen jokes who was always teasing Rebecca “Steve, not in front of your daughter” She says a bit embarrassed“You blushed like a teenager when you opened the door” Stephen laughsLaura only thinks it’s amusing. She drinks her glass empty and leaves it on the table.“I’ve had a long day and I need some sleep. Goodnight” She stands up“Good night, darling” Rebecca saysLaura leaves the kitchen and walks upstairs. She wouldn’t sleep though. She missed Tom and she wanted to speak to him.



Chapter 29
Chapter Summary
Laura gets her Christmas present but it's something totally different.



A few months go by and it was soon Christmas. Laura’s parents had decided they would spend it in London close to the relatives. She didn’t want to so they had a big row about it. She wanted to spend it with Tom. They finally gave in. She lied she would be with Lexia’s family. Since it was a small town, they couldn’t meet in public. Instead, they would meet at Tom’s place. She had never been there before. It was a two-bedroom house with one floor. There were only a few other houses around so she didn’t have to worry if someone saw her. But just in case, she parks her car a few blocks away. She had her backpack with her changing clothes in it and her personal stuff. When she gets to his house, she sees a note on the door.“Will back soon. The key is above the door” She stands on her toes and gets it to open the door. She steps in and enters. She puts the backpack on the floor in the hall and gets to the living room. She looks around to take a quick around the house. It was surprisingly clean. She looks into the kitchen and the two bedrooms. In both of them, there are two king-sized beds and windows to the garden.
“They all go to the bedroom first”Startled she looks behind her and sees Tom. He’s wearing dark blue jeans and a black T-shirt.
“I didn’t hear you come in” She gets closer to him
“Sorry I should have said something”
“It’s OK. And I didn’t go to the bedroom first. So you know”
“I was just teasing you” He smiles and wraps his arms around her waist
She wraps her arms around his neck and their lips meet. He moves his hands to her behind and their kisses get more passionate. She’s wearing a black miniskirt and a red short-sleeved blouse. On her feet, she wears black high heels. She’s about to move her left hand to his groin but he stops kissing.
“Not so fast, it’s not the time for presents yet”
“When then? I want you, Tom” She tries to kiss him again
“You’re in my house and you do as I say” He says a little upset
She knew it was only pretending so she wasn’t nervous.
“What should I call you then, Sir?” She looks into his eyes
“Master because you’re my slave and your punishment is to be fucked all Christmas”
“But I’ve been good all year” She insists
“I didn’t hear you”
“I’ve been good all year, my master”
“That’s better. Now get down on your knees and stay there” He says calmly and she does soHe opens his belt and takes it off. He walks around her while looking down at her. He stops behind her and wraps the belt around her throat. He fastens the belt loose enough around her neck so she wouldn’t choke. He tells her to get on all fours and she obeys. He holds the end of the belt like a leash. He walks around her and then stops behind her again.
“You have no idea how many times I’ve fantasised about this. Keeping you on a leash like a dog. Making you beg for it. You can forget all your freedom because I won’t even let you go to the bathroom alone. Got that? Nod if you do”
She swallows and does so.
“Good. Now stand up”
She does and he pulls her closer to him by the belt. He moves her loose hair away from her face and gives her a gentle kiss on her lips. He walks backwards while pulling her by the belt. They get to the nearest bedroom and he turns her around so she stands with her back to the bed. Instead of pushing her to the bed, he forces her to the floor. He tides the belt around the leg of the bed. He looks down at her.
“You said you’ve been good all year but I don’t agree. You’ve been a really bad girl. I don’t mind but I didn’t really like what you did at your parents’ house. Touching me in front of them. I didn’t tell you what I did after I left. Or in this case, I didn’t leave. I was so hard I had to jerk off right there and it felt good. Knowing they could have come out, making it even more arousing. You can’t even imagine what you’ve done to me. So that’s what this punishment is for. Don’t play innocent, OK?”
She keeps looking at his groin and licking her lips. He’s about to say something but then notices she does. He unties the belt from the leg of the bed and pulls her from the floor. He pulls her skirt up and notices her panties weren’t there. He thrusts two fingers inside her and then pulls them out.
“I don’t know if this was about the story I just told you or the way you kept thinking about my cock again. You’re not getting any of it”
She whimpers of disappointment. He pulls her closer to him by the belt and gives her a passionate kiss. He slowly takes the belt away from her throat and drops it on the floor.  Suddenly the doorbell rings and they get interrupted. Tom swears irritated and gets to the hall to open the front door.
“Hi, Tom” A female voice say



Chapter 30
Chapter Notes
It continues from chapter 29.



It’s his ex-girlfriend and he’s isn’t happy about it.“What are you doing here?”“Merry Christmas to you too. I only came to ask if you wanted some company”“You should have called first” He’s still upset“I did but there was no reply”“I already have plans” He’s about to close the door“Why are you being so rude? I’m your girlfriend for crying out loud” She’s getting upsetLaura has been hearing the conversation and is appalled.“As I said, I have plans. Anything else?”“You should have called so we could have made them together”“I had a long year and I need some time alone”“Alright. Maybe in the new year then. Bye” She says and leaves
He closes the door and gets back to the bedroom. Laura is so upset so she’s about to leave the room.“Where were we?” He gets back and sees it “Where are you going? We weren’t finished yet”“It was all a lie. I can’t believe I thought you were honest” She says angrily“It’s rude to eavesdrop” He smiles“So you can keep lying to me? I think not. I’m out of here” She gets to the door to the bedroom“Wait, let me explain” He tries to grab her arm but she manages to get pastShe gets to the living room to pick up her bag.“I don’t want to hear them. I’m just a sex toy and when you get bored you go back to her”“She doesn’t believe I dumped her”“Yeah right. You haven’t told her about me, have you?” She looks at him“You know I can’t because” He tries to say but she interrupts him“Because I’m your student. Yeah, yeah, save it. Goodbye, Tom” She gets to the front door and before he can say anything, she’s out of the door.
She walks to her car a few blocks away and drives home as fast as possible. Not until she’s inside her parents’ house she lets the tears come. This was the worse Christmas ever. If she only had gone with her parents. Now she was alone. She decided that day she would tell her parents about her affair.



Chapter 31



Christmas and New Year’s went. Laura couldn’t tell her parents about the affair after all. They didn’t find out she hadn’t spent the holidays with Lexia. Tom had called several times but she didn’t answer. Next time they meet is at school. This time there were no loving looks. He tried to get her alone but she was always close to her friends. Lexia knew about what was going on but the other girls didn’t. Laura had told her everything.“What do you want from me?” Tom asks when he talks to Laura in the classroomLexia is there too for back up.“Stop lying to me for starters. You said you dumped your girlfriend but you didn’t. I thought it was weird she wasn’t upset about it. I know now why. Do you think you can just get away with your lies? I’m not stupid” Laura is pretty upset but she tries not to be too loud“I tried to explain but you didn’t listen. I couldn’t jeopardize my job. I should have told you the truth. I am now. I told her about us and she wasn’t happy. But I didn’t tell her you’re my student”“Why should I believe you now?”“Hey, come on Laura. Have you forgotten what we’ve done and what you’re gonna miss if we end it now” He gets closer to herEven if Lexia is close by, he moves Laura’s hair behind her right ear and lifts her chin up. He looks deep into her eyes and then kisses her lips. She responds but then pushes him away.“No, I can’t do it. Not now” She takes her backpack from the floor and gets to the closed door to open itLexia takes a quick look at the very disappointed Tom and then follows Laura down the hall“Wait up” She yells and runs to herThey walk to the parking lot where their cars are parked side by side“You don’t know how lucky you are” Lexia says after the girls have put their backpack in the backseat of their cars.“You be the lucky one then”“Can’t you see his trying to make it up to you? OK, he wasn’t honest but he had his reasons”“Don’t you understand? He’s manipulating me. He wants me to believe in every word he says. But not this time”“But he loves you right? He even kissed you when I was there”“Of course. It turns him on”“What?” Lexia looks puzzled“That’s right. He admitted it once”“You make it up”“No, it’s true. Even the thought someone is watching turns him on”Lexia didn’t blush very easily but now her cheeks were almost glowing.“I’ll never look at him the same way again” Lexia giggles and opens the door to her carThe girls get into their cars and drive home. They would meet in school the next day.



Chapter 32
Chapter Summary
Tom does something unexpected.



The next day when Laura and Lexia arrive in the classroom, Tom was already there. The day would start with English. Lexia giggles to herself. She remembers the conversation with Laura and she couldn’t keep a straight face. Laura sits down on the last row like usual. While the students are writing their essays, her mobile blinks. She looks at the message under the desk. “So I like people watching me, huh?” The message says. She swallows hard and looks up. She notices the smile on Tom’s face and then he looks on the papers he was reading before. She reads the rest of the message “I know you’re upset but don’t tell Lexia everything. Or do you want her to join?” The last sentence must be a joke. She tries to continue with her essay but she had to know what he meant so she writes back. After a moment he replies. “Stay and found out” Why was he teasing her with these words? Was he trying to make her fall for him again?
“You can all take a break. Let’s say 15 minutes” Tom says to the class and the students do so
Laura is the last to stay of the students. She stands up and walks to his desk. The door to the room is open.
“You wanted to see me, Sir” She says and in a moment he looks up
“Well, the answer to your question is, I’m just kidding. But I got your attention, didn’t I?” He smiles
“Eavesdropping is rude” She smiles a little
“Does that mean you’ve forgiven me?”
“I don’t know. Have you deserved it?”
“I admit it was wrong to lie to you. From now on I’ll be totally honest”
“Then tell me this. Do you really want to keep it a secret?”
“Meet me at the empty classroom on the second floor at lunch” He whispers since the students are back from their break.
Laura nods and gets back to her seat. This time she wouldn’t tell Lexia.Lunchtime arrives and Laura gets to the meeting place. The door to the room is locked so she waits. There were no classes on the second floor so they could be there alone. The lunch was for an hour so they had plenty of time. She leans against the wall and looks up to the ceiling. She could have looked at her mobile but she was a bit nervous so she couldn’t. She looks at the time and he was already 15 minutes late. She’s about to text him when he gets there. But he didn’t look happy. She gets to him and tries to wrap her arms around his neck.
“We don’t have time for that” He takes her arms away and gets to the door to the empty classroom
He unlocks the door and switches the light on. He gets inside and tells her to close the door behind her but he didn’t say it nicely. She could sense he was upset at something. She knew what that meant and she didn’t like it at all. He turns around and looks at her.
“I hope you don’t have anything under that skirt because I can’t deal with that right now. Turn around”
“Has something happened?” She doesn’t obey
“Nothing, I just need this right now. So please turn around or else”
“I don’t like where this is going”
“Turn around!” He commands her so anyone could hearIt startles her so she does so. He gets closer to her and lifts her skirt up to her waist. She can hear him open his belt. He forces her to lean against the wall with both of her hands. He kicks her legs apart so she stands spread-eagled. Without even touching himself, he thrusts inside her from behind. She is too afraid to make a sound even if she was hurting. He takes her hard and fast. He does so until he reaches his peak. Panting he withdraws and leans his back against the wall with his eyes closed while he closes his pants.
“Thanks, I needed that”
She didn’t want to look at him. She was violated and hurt. She couldn’t understand why he acted like that. After calming down his breathing he’s heading for the door.
“Wait” She says still a bit shaken
“What? I have to go” He looks her way
“You’re just gonna leave and say nothing?”
“Let’s talk later. I’ll call you” He then opens the door and leaves her there alone
She was confused so she couldn’t even cry. She leaves the room and closes the door behind. She’s so in her thoughts when she gets to her class, she doesn’t hear her friends talking to her. This was something she couldn’t even tell Lexia.



Chapter 33



Laura gets home from school and lies down on her bed. She was still sore after what Tom had done to her so she lays on her stomach. She hadn’t seen him for the rest of the day so she couldn’t meet him. He told her he would call but he hadn’t so far. She was still confused so she didn’t know what to feel. Her parents would be home soon so she decides to sleep. She didn’t care now if he called or not.
At midnight she wakes up and realises her parents weren’t home yet. She gets up from the bed and gets to her parent’s room that was next to hers but is relieved they were sleeping. They must have seen her on her bed and they didn’t want to wake her up. She gets back to her room and sits on the bed. She sees someone had called her but it was on silent so she hadn’t heard. It had been Lexia and she also had texted. She was only worried about her. Laura texted back even if she knew her friend was already sleeping. Just when she’s about to get to the bathroom to brush her teeth, she sees her phone blinking on the bed where she put is. She knew who it was so she just answers and says nothing. She sits down on her bed.“Laura?” Tom says on the other endWhy was he calling this hour? It would be school the next day and she needed the rest. He waits for her to say something. She would not give in so there is a silence for a while. He still didn’t say anything. What game was he playing at? He was the one who should apologise. She is getting upset with all the silence so she speaks up.“What do you want?” She’s upset“So you are there?”She could hear it in his voice he was amused.“Well?” She waits for his answer“Sorry I called this late but I was held up earlier”“And?”“And what?”“You’re not gonna apologise?”“For what? You should”“I haven’t done anything”“Oh yeah. How about at lunch? You didn’t exactly do what I told you. When I say bend over, you do it. I thought you would have learned it by now”“I’m not someone you can use just because you had a bad day. You didn’t even say what was wrong”“I thought you liked that kind of sex. I know I do. Especially with a tight ass like yours”“So I’m only a sex toy to you like I said. You don’t love me; you only want a hard cock”“Oh Laura, if this your way of dirty talk then you should continue” He sighs“Oh please. It’s getting late and I’m tired of your excuses. Goodnight, Tom” She ends the call before he can say anythingShe puts it back on silent and gets to the bathroom to get ready for bed. She gets back and sees a text from him. “I’ll see at 8 am. You know where” She knew exactly what that meant but she wouldn’t turn up. She had to see Principle Miss Marie Sutton.



Chapter 34



Laura meets Lexia on the schoolyard. They talk about the night before and the call with Tom.“You can’t report him. You’re too deep” Lexia warns“But he used me and I’m getting tired of it. He doesn’t listen. Yesterday, I thought he would tell me truths only but he only wanted sex”“If you do, it will ruin everything. You can be suspended and he will get fired”“So you accept his behaviour? If he’s done it before, he’ll do it again”“No, I don’t. It’s just that there’s so much at stake. Maybe you should try to talk to him first”“What’s the point?” Laura says but then her mobile rings and she sees it’s himShe keeps looking at the screen. She didn’t know if he was upset she didn’t go to their meeting place or maybe he only wanted to talk.“Well, won’t you answer?” Lexia wonders“Hello” She replies“Oh, there you are. So you don’t want to know what happened yesterday?” He says on the other end of the line“So now you want to talk about that? Typical, when you’re hard, you can’t have a decent conversation”“I don’t know what you mean by that. So will you get here? I’m waiting”“Alright” She says after thinking about it and ends the call“So?” Lexia says after the call“He wants to meet me”“Right now?”“Yes, but it won’t take long. We got a class. See you later” Laura says and leave“Where is she going?” Miriam asks when she gets there with Connor“Let’s get to the class. Laura will meet us there” Lexia only says and begins to walk to the school building where her friends followLaura is walking upstairs and sees the open door to the empty room which is dark. She gets inside and the door closes quickly. She couldn’t see anything. Suddenly, she feels two arms around her from behind.“Damn you smell good”She can hear Tom whisper in her ear. She tries to get loose but he holds her tighter.“What game is this again?”“This is not a game” He bites her earlobe and presses his body closer to her “Can you feel that? That’s how hard I am. That’s all because of you”She closes her eyes and she knew talk was the last thing on his mind. She could feel his hardness against her behind. But what she didn’t know was that he just wanted to prove a point. He lets her go and she turns around to face him“So when you say when I’m hard, it means I’m always hard when I see you or when we’re close. Sometimes I can’t control it and like yesterday, I couldn’t. So I’m sorry I hurt you. I was only upset at my ex-girlfriend but that’s over now”“Wait a minute. Why is she still around?” She’s almost getting upset“Well, she’s not. She only told me something I tried so hard to deny”“Like what?”“Never mind. We should go” He’s about to get to the door“You said you would tell me the truth from then on”“OK. I’m addicted to control. Nothing satisfies me more than see someone under my command. Normal sex does nothing to me. So I guess the truth hurts”“So, what else is new? Maybe that’s the reason I keep coming back to you” She gets closer to himShe looks up at him while she moves her hand across his chest. She pushes him against the door and gives him a passionate kiss. He tries to touch her but she takes a grip of his wrists and stops kissing.“I hope you don’t mind being controlled either”“With you, anything” He kisses her one more time and she leaves closing the door behind herShe had to hurry because the class was already starting. Things were good and she had changed her mind about reporting him. Lexia was right, she was already too deep.



Chapter 35
Chapter Summary
Things are about to change and it even surprises Laura.



Two months before the summer break, Zach was back at claiming about Laura’s and Tom’s affair. He knew Principle Miss Marie Sutton wouldn’t do anything about it so he tormented Laura instead. He sent her emails, bullied her and followed her after school. But still, he couldn’t prove the affair. Laura’s friends tried everything to protect her. Tom knew about this and he was about to get fed up. He had to do something and that was to sacrifice his job as a teacher. He talked about it with Laura but she didn’t want him to because that would mean Zach had won. They had managed to keep the affair a secret for this long. Even her parents didn’t suspect anything. They decided they would get through it no matter what happened. They couldn’t meet as often as they could but when they did, it was amazing.
It’s Friday and the weekend was near. Their last class was in English. Everyone wanted to start their weekend so the students were restless. Zach is teasing Laura as usual but she didn’t care. She thought he was just jealous which was the reason he acted like a child.“Will you Zach stop it? It’s getting old” Lexia says to him but he just looks angry at her“You don’t need to fight my battle” Laura says to her“No, she just lurking behind the door” Zach laughs and his friends with him“I smack you in a bit” Lexia says calmly“Oh, I’m scared. I actually thought every girl here screws the teacher but it’s only Laura” Zach grins at herProfessor Hiddleston has entered the classroom and sees Zach’s teasing. He gets behind his desk and puts the pile of essays he’s brought with him on it. He begins the class by handing out the students essays.
The class is about to be over when he tells the students to stay a while.“I have a very important announcement to make. As you may have heard about the rumour about me and a student. I must confess it’s all true” He tells them and it causes kind of a stir in the classroom “Therefore, I decided to resign from my position as a professor of this school”Everyone is surprised and confused so they chatter to each other. Laura sits there in disbelief. She didn’t expect this at all. Zach smiles to himself because he thinks it’s because of his doing.“But” Tom raises his voice and the students stop talking “That’s not the reason. The reason is, I’m in love and I can no longer hide it” He gets from behind the desk and walks to the last table where Laura is sitting. The students turn around at their desks and follow what is gonna happen next. He takes something from his pocket and gets down on one knee in front of her. They look at each other while he hands her a small velvet box but she doesn’t take it yet. They’re so into each other they don’t notice the students are looking at them.“I know we hadn’t known each other very long and maybe this is too soon. But since I saw you I knew we were perfect for each other. The more we are together, the deeper I fall in love. I never thought I would ever find someone like you. I love you and I want to live the rest of my life with you. So Laura Jenkins, will you marry me?” He then opens the box and she sees a beautiful diamond ring with a 2-carat diamondThe students are waiting tensioned for her reply. Zach’s smile disappears. That wasn’t exactly what he wanted to happen. She looks at the ring a while and then at Tom.“Yes” She says happy and stands up to wrap her arms around his neck“Great” He smiles and stands up with her in his armsWhile they kiss, he lets her back on her feet. They’re so into their kiss they don’t realise the students are looking at them. Lexia stands up.“What’s wrong with you people? Don’t you know what love looks like” She says to the class and starts applauding “So happy for you guys”
They stop kissing and looks her way. There she was again, embarrassing herself and everyone else. They look at each with a smile. The students leave after the applauds. Only Lexia stays. Tom puts the ring on Laura’s ring finger and gives her a kiss.“It’s beautiful. I love it and I love you even more” She looks at the ring and then at him“So are you”Lexia gets to them and looks at him.“So this means, no more teaching in this school. Can I call you Mr Hiddleston now?” She jokes a little“Yes, this is it and you can call me anything you want” “OK, Tom” She smiles and gets to her desk to take her backpackHe gets back to his desk. Lexia gets to Laura.“Hey, congrats. Some surprise, huh. Did you know about this?”“No, it came out of the blue. I’m a bit worried about my parents though. They won’t like this. They think he’s only my teacher” She whispers so he wouldn’t hear“But he’s not. Not anymore. You don’t have to hide anymore. Be happy for once. They will understand and it’s not like you have to have a wedding now. Or do you?” Lexia whispers back
Laura looks at Tom but he’s looking at his mobile. She could not believe she was actually engaged. She was worried it would all be taken away from her. She is still in school and she wasn’t ready for a commitment like this. She really loved him but would it even last? She looks at her ring on her finger again.“It really is a beauty” Lexia interrupts her thoughts“Yes”Lexia notices her friend was in deep thought but she didn’t mention it. Tom gets back to them and gives Laura a passionate kiss.“Ready to go?” He asks after it while moving her hair behind her ear “I have to get my things first from the teacher’s lounge”“Going where?”“To celebrate of course and you know how”“I have to get home first”“OK, as you wish. Wait for me in the parking lot” He gives her one more kiss and leaves the classroom“Celebrate, huh. Well, you get a lot of that now. Especially when you can do it anywhere. Even here”“You think he proposed and left his job because of that?” Laura is doubtful“What’s wrong with you? If you really doubt that much, maybe you should think about your answer”“I just think too much. Well see you on Monday, Lexia”“OK, Mrs Hiddleston” She giggles and Laura leaves



Chapter 36
Chapter Summary
The meeting with Laura's parents.



The day Laura dreaded the most was at the weekend. Her parents found out she gotten engaged and they weren’t happy when they found out with who. Especially her mother who was very protective of her daughter. Laura suggested they should meet Tom again so they would do it on Sunday. She had spent a lot of time at his place lately. If they one day would get married, they had at least live together first. So far there had been no problems.
“So tutoring? Was that some kind of code?” Stephen asks Tom when they sit in the living room while waiting for dinner to be readyLaura and her mother are in the kitchen while the men were talking about guy stuff. They got along fine so they were almost friends already. Rebecca was still unsure so she had only said hello when he had arrived.“You can say that”“So Laura said you quit. Why is that?”“I didn’t want to but they have strict rules about dating students and I didn’t want to jeopardise her education as well”“Good choice. But you’re still a teacher right?”“Yes, still but I’m not sure now”Laura gets out of the kitchen and interrupts their conversation.“Dinner is ready” She then gets back to the kitchen“You’re not sure? Are you changing careers?”“Maybe”“Aha. Well, let’s not let the girls wait” Stephen stands up and gets to the kitchen where Tom follows
When they’ve eaten dinner, they get to the living room for dessert. Rebecca had only listened to the conversations but when they get to the living room, her questioning begins. She tries to not embarrass Laura too much. Laura sits on the sofa with Tom with her hand in his. Her parents are on each chair in front of the coffee table.“So how come you laid your eyes on Laura? Why not another adult?”He looks at Laura and then at Rebecca.“I don’t know what you mean by laying my eyes on her. It does take two people”“So you’re saying Laura seduced you?”“No, I..” He tries to say but Rebecca interrupts“You mean my daughter goes around seducing professors?”“No, I didn’t. Before you go any further with your questions. No matter how it happened, it happened. I love Laura and I do anything I can to make her happy” He looks quickly at Laura“OK fine. I’m just worried about your age difference. She’s only 18 and she needs her education. Can you assure me she will finish it?”“I’m not gonna spoil anything if that’s what you mean. Not until she graduated, we can start to think about the next step”“And the next step is? A family?”“Maybe but I guess a wedding is first” He smiles and look at Laura againShe lays her hand on his knee and smiles back. They weren’t afraid of showing emotions in front of other people. Rebecca looks at them but is still in doubt.“Let me ask you something. When you came to visit us, you were her teacher but at the same not? How did that work out? Do you often lie to other people?”“Mum” Laura says upset“I can handle this” He says to her and then looks at her mother again “I understand you want to ask me questions but I don’t lie to people on purpose. I wasn’t honest then because I knew some wouldn’t like it and I was right”“The problem I got with this is. How can I let my daughter be with someone she barely knows? No offence but I think you’re exploiting my daughter’s innocence here”Tom was usually a calm person but Laura noticed it is about to change. She stands up and drags him up.“I had enough of your questions mum. Now we’re going up to my room to have sex and I don’t care you hear. Come me husband to be” She yells at her and they leave the living room without looking back“Thanks a lot, Rebecca. He’s a guest and you can’t behave like that” Stephen says upset to his shocked looking wife
Up in Laura’s room, she has let go of Tom’s hand and frustrated sits on her bed.“She can be such a pain sometimes. Always questioning other people with her stupid questions”“So we’re not gonna have sex?”Laura is still so upset at her mother so she doesn’t notice he’s sit down beside her. He caresses her lower back and tries to kiss her neck but she stands up. She thinks about something and then turns around.“I know why she behaves like this. It’s you” She looks at him“Say what?” He looks up at her surprised“She likes you and I don’t mean in a nice way. She had a crush on you and now she tries to steal you away from me”“No, wait a minute. You’re crazy”In a moment she starts to laugh. Puzzled he looks at her.“I’m kidding. You should have seen the look on your face” She keeps laughing but gets serious again “Not the crush thing though. That was real”“Why are you acting so weird?”“I don’t know. Why do you?”“I’m not. I just followed but I didn’t get any in return”“I didn’t actually mean what I said. I only wanted to wind her up and not turn you on” She looks at his groin and up at him again“Are we going back downstairs or?”“Or what? Mum thinks we’re having wild, the headboard banging, screaming, spanking sex. And when she doesn’t hear anything, she walks upstairs and listens behind my bedroom door”“Really? Is she that curious?”“Again I’m kidding but I know what makes you aroused” She looks at his groin and sees its changing size“No, you don’t” He tried to cover the bulge with his jacket
She gets closer to him and wraps her arms around his neck and presses her body closer to his while he sits on the bed.“Then what is this?” She grinds herself against him“It wasn’t what you said, it’s the way you said it” He’s breathing is getting heavier and he wraps his arms around her“Like wild, headboard banging, screaming, spanking sex” She bumps against him every word she says“Oh, Laura. I let you do anything if you get me out of these tight pants”“My pleasure” She opens them and his erected cock bounces up from its prisonShe looks down and takes a firm grip of it. She gets down on her knees and puts the tip in her mouth. He closes his eyes and takes a grip of her hair. She looks at the tip while she sucks it.“Mm, this taste good. Once we’re married I’ll do this every day. Mm, Tom” She says between every suck“Oh fuck” He manages to say but then she stops and stands upShe looks up at him and pushes him on the bed on his back. She takes her panties off and lifts her skirt to her waist while they look at each other. She gets on top of him and takes a grip of his hard cock to get him inside her. She moves back and forth in fast motion while leaning her hands on his chest. She rides him like never before. Her moans are getting louder and she didn’t care if her parents heard. Even though they were in Laura’s parent’s house and they could hear them, both of them made noises like they were at home. They wanted everyone to know how much in love they were.



Chapter 37
Chapter Summary
Laura meets someone she didn't expect.



When Laura and Tom went back downstairs, her mother tried to apologise for her behaviour but Laura didn’t want to hear any of it. Laura had made her choice and her mother knew her daughter wouldn’t change her mind.
The weekend is over and it was back to school. This time things would be different because Tom wasn’t there. They had a new teacher and he was totally the opposite. He was much older and his teaching methods were not the same at all. Laura and her friends joked about it a lot.“Now you can’t fall for the teacher, Laura” Lexia jokes when they are on the schoolyard after lunch“It doesn’t matter. I already have my own at home” Laura smiles“How is it going anyway?” Connor asks who stands beside her“Very well”She had told them about the meeting with her parents.“So you still haven’t talked to your mother?” Connor continues“No, and I won’t either. If she wants to apologise for her behaviour, she can apologise to Tom in person” Laura looks seriously at her“It’s not my business but she is your mother and she worries”Laura knew her friend was right but she didn’t want to admit it.“I don’t want to talk about it. Let’s go” She’s about to“Excuse me, miss” A female voice says behind them and the girls turn around
A woman in her 30’s stands behind them. She’s the same height as Laura and she knew who it was.“What do you want?” She looks upset at the lady“I’m Janet. You’re Laura right?”“What is it to you?”“Who’s this?” Lexia asks Laura“Tom’s ex-girlfriend”“What do you mean ex? I still am” Janet looks strangely at Laura“No, you’re not. You only think you are”“Is that what he told you?”“Of course”“Well, he’s lying. Once again but I’m not surprised. A little slut like you enters his life and he forgets everyone”“Who are you calling a slut?” Laura is getting upset “You’re the one who thinks you still date him”
Janet is about to say something when she sees the ring on Laura’s finger.“So he asked you to marry him? Is this a joke?” She takes a grip of her hand with the ring“Hands of. What is it to you?” Laura takes her hand away“I see now. To make his lies believable he puts a ring on your finger. Sorry to say but it won’t happen. I should know. I have one thing to say, stay away from him or else” Janet is about to leave“Wait a minute” Laura grabs her arm gently “What do you mean you know?”“I’ve been there. We were engaged last year but then he took it back. I guess when he got a job here and met you”This was something Laura didn’t expect. Tom never told her this news.“You two? I don’t believe you”“Sorry about that but it’s true. If I were you, I would break it off. He’s only after one thing and that’s sex”“Then tell me, why do you claim you’re his girlfriend? Why don’t you leave?”
Janet wasn’t ready to be questioned like this so she thinks a while.“Because I’m the one he loves and not you. He’ll get bored because let’s face it, you’re not exactly old enough to be with him”“I don’t care what you say. You’re just jealous because I can give him something you can’t” Laura is confident“Yeah right” Janet laughs and leaves“Some nerve” Miriam says upset “Who does she think she is lying like that? You don’t believe her, do you, Laura?”She doesn’t reply. She looks at the ring a while and takes it off to put it in her jeans pocket. She didn’t know who to believe. The school bell rings and they have to get inside for class. Rest of the day Laura is in deep thought. Maybe her mother was right. Tom was only exploring her innocence.



Chapter 38



Tom picks her up from school but she doesn’t say anything on the journey home. She keeps looking out of the car window on her side. She didn’t even let him kiss her before getting inside the car. He tries to talk to her but she doesn’t hear him. He notices the ring on her finger is gone.“Where’s is your ring?” He tries to ask but she doesn’t reply “Did you hear me?”She keeps thinking about the conversation with Janet. He asks her again but still, she doesn’t say anything. He keeps concentrating on driving. They would soon be home. He asks the same question again and this time she replies.“In my pocket” She keeps looking out of the window“Why did you take it off?”“No reason”
He drives to the driveway to their house and turns off the engine but he doesn’t get out.“No reason? There must be. Is it too tight?” He looks at herShe takes her seatbelt off and is about to open the door when he raises his voice.“Answer me”“Don’t yell at me?” She looks at him upset“I didn’t. I just want to know why you took it off” He is calm again“Does it matter? Is it my chain?”“What is that supposed to mean? Why are you so cranky?”“You tell me. Liar” She looks out of the window“This again. What have I done now?”
She doesn’t say anything and then she opens the door to step out. She takes her backpack from the backseat and walks to the front door to open it. He had no idea what was going on so he steps out and locks the car. She has left the front door wide open. When he gets inside he doesn’t see her anywhere. He gets to the kitchen to drink some water. He hears the door to the second bedroom closing so he gets there. He tries to handle but the door is locked.“That’s so mature” He yells through the doorHe gets to the living room and sits down on the couch to wait.In the bedroom, she’s sitting on the bed. She wanted to be alone to think. What was she really doing here? She was 18 and had a life ahead of her. She was supposed to date and have fun with her friends. Instead, she was engaged and thinking about the future. Her only sin was loving someone who probably didn’t love her back. She didn’t understand why he had to lie. Why couldn’t he really be honest? Maybe she was too young for him. She didn’t care about it before but now she is thinking about it all the time. She decides to confront him. She stands up and gets to the door to unlock it. She gets to the living room and sees him sitting on the couch with his eyes closed. She looks at him from a distance. He had left his job for her. She missed him in school. She had been so happy until she met Janet. She gets to him.“I met someone interesting today at lunch in school” She stands beside the couch and he opens his eyes to look at her“Who?”“Janet”
Hearing that name makes him sit up straight. She could see he swallowed hard.“And who is that?”“Like you didn’t know”“There’s a lot of people named like that”“You’re girlfriend Janet”“I never told you her name so how would you know? Maybe it was someone else”“I know what her name is so stop pretending you don’t know” She raises her voice a little“OK then. What did she want?”“Me to leave you alone but that’s beside the point. You lied to me and you still keep doing it”“I don’t know what you’re on about. I told you the truth, she’s not my girlfriend”“No, she’s your ex-fiancé”“Wait a minute, she was never that”“That’s what she told me. She also told me you love her and not me”
He stands up and gets closer to her.“That’s not true” He tries to touch her but she steps away“You were engaged but you took it back. What’s worse you never told me that. You lied from day one. You told me you had a girlfriend and then you claimed you broke up. But that wasn’t true either. Then you still met her even though you said you broke up. And now she turns up and says she’s still your girlfriend. How many times are you gonna lie about it? Are you still claiming she’s not your girlfriend? Are you still gonna see her behind my back?”“First of all, I was never engaged to her. It’s all in her mind. And secondly, I gave up my job for you and that should prove I really love you. Will you believe in that lunatic more than in me?”She wanted to believe him. She doesn’t say anything for a moment.“Why don’t we find out? Why don’t you call her and invite her here? I want to be there when you tell her to fuck off. Or is that too arousing for you?” “Is that the reason why you took your ring of?” He tries to touch her but she doesn’t let him“Probably, I don’t know. So will you call her to come here?”“Are you really sure? I mean she’s a bitch and if you two get into a catfight, I don’t know if I can stop you”“So you get hot from that thought?” She gets closer to him“I didn’t mean what you think I mean”“And what do I think you mean?” She lays her hand his chest and looks up at himHe swallows hard again.“You think it makes me hard seeing two women fighting over me?”“Yes exactly” She looks down at his groin and is about to touch him there when he grabs her hand“If that’s the case then it’s only because of you. She doesn’t even go for that. She’s a prude unlike you. The way you go down on me. The way you make my wildest fantasies come true. Like I told you before, you got something she doesn’t, experimental”“Oh Tom” She wraps her arms around his neck and gives him a passionate kissThey lie down on the couch and undress each other. This is how they’re argument always ended, in passionate lovemaking.



Chapter 39
Chapter Summary
The plan.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Tom called Janet while Laura was in school. They would meet at 4 pm at his house. Laura would be there too but they didn’t tell her that or the plan would fail. Janet had no idea she was falling into a trap. Laura has taken her own car to school. Her day went as usual. She wanted to concentrate on her studies so she didn’t think about the plan. When the day is over she says goodbye to her friends and drives home. She hadn’t told them about the plan.
Janet arrives precisely at 4 pm. She thinks Tom is alone but the truth was that Laura is hiding in the bedroom. The door is slightly open so she could hear what was said. She could also see what was happening. Janet tries to give him a kiss but he backs off. She didn’t suspect the reason. They stay in the living room. She sits on the couch and him on the chair beside it.“I’m surprised you called. Is your girl not home?”“I want to apologise for treating you badly during this whole thing”“For cheating you mean. I understand why you did it but things have changed now”“In what way?” He looks at her puzzled“I know I shouldn’t have denied things you wanted to do. If I hadn’t you wouldn’t have found someone else. I still love you, Tom and I’ll do anything you want me to do”“Anything?” He smiles and stands upHe gets closer to her and she stands up. They stand close to each other. He looks at her closely and starts to breathe deeper. He gets closer to her ear.“I want you to” He then steps back and looks upset at her “To leave me and Laura alone”
She looks at him confused. Laura steps out of the bedroom and gets to them. Janet is even more confused. She then realises she’s been fooled.“So this was just an act” She’s calm“What else did you think it was? That I would actually seduce you? Think again. It wasn’t just for the sex I went to someone else. I also have no feeling towards you whatsoever. I love Laura and I always will”“This little slut here? What’s so special about her? Except for her youth obviously” Janet looks upset at Laura“Stop calling me that” Laura looks at her the same way“So he hasn’t told you about his video fetish then?”“What?”“He loves taping sex on video and then watches them when he’s alone. That’s how addicted to sex he is”Laura looks up at him but he looks away.“So it’s true. Tom?”“It’s nothing like that. I tell you later” He looks at her and is about to leave towards the kitchen“No, I want to hear it now”
Janet sits down on the couch and smiles to herself but they don’t see she does.“Alright. I haven’t actually done it but it’s something I could do. Or want to do but only if you want”“Hah” Janet says and they both look at her “He doesn’t ask permission, he does it anyway. Tell me, Tom, are you taping this?”“Don’t be absurd. Why would I do that?”“So you have no secret cameras here?” She stands up and looks around the room“I don’t know what you’re trying to prove”“Hey come on. You’re talking to a person that knows all your secrets. Why don’t you admit to this young girl what you really are?”Laura looks puzzled at him. She wasn’t sure if Janet was just trying to wind her up. Tom doesn’t say anything for a while but looking at both of them.“Don’t listen to her. Remember she claimed we were engaged but we weren’t”“Wait a minute. We really were. You only trying to deny it” Janet interrupts and gets to him“No, it’s only in your head. I did no such thing. Besides, it doesn’t matter if we were or not. I don’t love you and you should leave us alone”“As you wish” Janet says and then looks at Laura “Only young girls turn him on. He likes to hurt them and control them. So when you turn 20, you’re damaged goods and you’ll be useless. I’m not trying to provoke you. I’m trying to help you”“You don’t need to tell me. I know what he is and that’s the reason why I love him” Laura replies and gets to Tom
She wraps her arms around his neck and gives him a passionate kiss. His arms around her waist they smile at each other. Janet looks at them disappointed.“Will you excuse us but we’re gonna have that rough sex you mentioned so could you fuck off” Tom looks upset at her “Don’t let the door hit you on the way out”Janet looks at him angrily and storms out. They’re plan had worked. She would never return again.



Chapter End Notes
I will post the last chapter after the Christmas holidays.


Chapter 40
Chapter Summary
At last, they succeed.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




A year went by and Laura was ready for the last exam. She made up with her mother. The wedding date was settled in the summer. As soon as she would graduate, they would move to central London. Tom decided to continue with teaching but this time in adult education in the university. It was part-time so he could spend his time with Laura. Something else had changed too. She was pregnant. They were both thrilled about it. They had planned to start a family after the wedding but they couldn’t wait that long. Her friends were thrilled too. They had decided to become aunts to her baby. Lexia would be the maid of honour and the two other girls as the bridesmaids.“Aren’t you excited to have our former professor as the father of the baby?” Connor asks Laura when they sit at a cafe’ in the town“You can call him Tom and yes it is” She smiles“So are you gonna wear white at the wedding? It’s not like you’re an innocent bride” Lexia jokes“Of course. It’s tradition” Laura looks seriously at her“No traditional sex but a wedding that is. You’re an unusual girl. I guess that’s what attracted him to you and vice versa” Lexia smiles and then takes a sip from her coffee mug“Among others” Laura leans her back against her chairThe girl had been in the café for a few hours. They had talked about the wedding and about their exams. It was probably the last time they would meet this way. The other girls had applied to different schools. Their life would continue as usual. Laura would miss them. Her old friends hadn’t kept in touch for a long time but that life was over anyway. She would soon be a married woman with a child. That was something she never thought would happen this early in her life. But she was still happy it happened.
She drives back home after she met her friends. She still had to study for the exam. She knew she would pass but it still made her feel nervous. When she gets home, Tom is on the phone in the living room. He smiles when he sees her and ends the call to get to her.“How babe, how was your day?” He then gives her a kiss“Good. Who were you talking to?” She sits down on the couch to rest“My mother. She can’t wait to meet you” He sits down beside herEverything was now in the open. He had told about his family and his past before they met.“Me neither” She says and give him a kiss before standing up “I have to study. The exam is the day after tomorrow”“Need any help?”“No, it’s not math” She smiles a little and then is about to walk to the kitchen“That’s not what I meant. I thought while you study I could make love to you” He gets to her“I can’t concentrate on two things. No matter how gently you do it”Before she can react he grabs her arm and makes her walk to the nearest wall. He kisses her passionately while opening his jeans.“Then we do it before that. Turn around and lean against the wall. I’ve been waiting to realise my lust all day”She does what he says. He opens her jeans and pulls them down. The same with her panties. He takes her from behind with force. In a moment it’s all over. She turns around and kisses him.“Ah, that’s better. Now you can study in peace” He’s exhausted and then slaps her behind when she turns around to get to the kitchenThey smile at each other while she gets there. Soon she would be too big to have sex so they did it as many times as they could.
She passed her exam and she was free from college at last. The wedding went well too. Things couldn’t be better. 5 months later she gave birth to a healthy boy. It was time to begin a new life. Laura and Tom moved to a house in London like they’ve planned and they couldn’t be happier.



Chapter End Notes
And that was the end of this story. Thank you for the kudos and the comments.



Afterword


End Notes
Please do leave a comment. If you have any reactions to the story, don't hesitate to post it in the comment section. Thank you for reading.


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



