



The Princes Boots - Mizufae-psmithery - Merlin TV
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

The Prince's Boots
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/204337.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
Merlin (TV)
Relationship:
Merlin/Arthur Pendragon, Nick Frost/Simon Pegg
Character:
Merlin, Arthur Pendragon, Lancelot (Merlin), Gwaine (Merlin), Percival (Merlin), Elyan (Merlin), Leon (Merlin)
Additional Tags:
Smut, Frottage, Fluff, Alternate Universe, Modern Era, foot job, Voyeurism, Homophobia
Series:
Part 4 of
The Prince
Stats:

        Published: 2011-05-26
        Words: 6582
      

The Prince's Boots
by Mizufae, psmithery
Summary
Arthur and Merlin have a movie night with their mates. Merlin gets stroppy, Arthur gets handsy footsie, Percy is completely impassioned and Leon is completely embarrassing.
Notes
Warnings: very minor references to Nick Frost/Simon Pegg RPS, some scenes which could be read as containing dubious consent, voyeurism and homophobic slurs.Also posted here on livejournal.



The Prince's Boots

From:   ponderoustibbons@gmail.comTo:   supermeowpants@gmail.comDate:   Sat, 26 March, 2011Subject:   FML WHERE IS MY INHALERHi  Freya! Sorry I haven’t gotten back to you this past month, things have  been a bit nuts. Nothing really bad, you know, but just really weird.  ::shrug::How’re things in Boston? Are you still volunteering at the MSPCA? I completely bombed that chem test I was so “prepared” for.ANYWAY, ENOUGH SMALL TALK. I CAN’T HANDLE THIS ANY MORE.So  you know how Arthur and I, we do that Friday night thing every week and  god, I have to tell you, it’s been eating me ALIVE, but three  weeks ago... you know how there were always these gay jokes about us and  everyone always calls us married and shit?So we might be like  kind of gay for each other and you’re the only one I thought I could  tell because right, I cant tell my MUM CAN YOU EVEN IMAGINE??? So I  guess you can feel vindicated, because Arthur evidently WAS jealous like  a jealous thing when he hated you.OH GOD WHAT DO I DO~MerlinFrom: supermeowpants@gmail.comTo:   ponderoustibbons@gmail.comDate:   Sun, 27 March, 2011Subject:   RE: FML WHERE IS MY INHALEROMG DEETS. I DEMAND DEETS. CAN I BE LIKE, YOUR FAGHAG??!?!?! I FUCKING TOLD YOU SO. GOD. OH MY GOD TELL ME EEEEEVERYTHING.-FreyaFrom: ponderoustibbons@gmail.comTo:   supermeowpants@gmail.comDate:   Mon, 28 March, 2011Subject:   if only I were WelshI  don’t think I could tell you details because it’s all kind of hazy. So,  we watched some porn together about a month ago and, well, sort of  helped each other out a bit, if you catch my drift. And I think we  nearly kissed and it was all weird afterwards, but the next morning it  was fine. Then at school he started being all awkward and stand-offish  and it went on for three fucking weeks.Anyway, we sorted it out  on Friday night, and we did kiss then and it was really fucking good.  Like, better than it was with you (no offense or anything) and he was  really getting into it and stuff. But then in the morning he kept going  on about how awesome ‘our arrangement’ is and I dunno - does he think  we’re boyfriends now? Or just fuck buddies? Cos I don’t think fuck buddies are supposed to  hold hands under the table at lunch. I was still half asleep when he  mentioned it, and I hadn’t had a cup of tea, so I wasn’t exactly capable  of speech or anything. It’s just all fucked up, he keeps being all  matey with me and then he turns around and makes me sandwiches without  tomatoes even though he loves them. I know he used to do it all the  time, but I can’t help wondering if it’s more than just fucking around.Eg.  He fucking squeezed my knee in class today and did the whole  leg-strokey thing that he used to do with those slags he used to date,  and then he demanded I “give us a kiss” before he let me have the  aforementioned tomato-free sandwich, and you know what I’m like when I’m  hungry, which, btw continues to be ALL THE TIME.Ugh Freya, things were a lot easier when all I wanted to do was grab your tits.No,  you may not be my faghag and you aren’t going to see me wearing poncy  scarves all of a sudden either so STOP THINKING ABOUT IT RIGHT NOW.I was supposed to be your British friend, not your gay British friend. I’m a walking stereotype. This is a tragedy.Pip pip cheerio~MerlinFrom: supermeowpants@gmail.comTo:   ponderoustibbons@gmail.comDate:   Mon, 28 March, 2011Ssubject:   RE: if only I were WelshARRANGEMENT?  Merlin BB I don’t think that means what you think it means. I remember  Arthur and I remember the thing I thought most about him was that he  was... what did you call it? A prat. Anyway he is a JERKWAD. I mean he’s  sweet and all but I don’t think that guy has two braincells to rub  together. You need to figure out what he meant before you do anything  else.When you come to MA to visit me, we will go shopping and I  will make you give me fashion commentary and then we can pick up boys  together. EXCEPT THEN YOU WILL BE CHEATING ON ARTHUR BECAUSE YOU ARE  PERFECT FOR EACH OTHER BECAUSE YOU ARE ALSO A JERKWAD! you jerkwad.You  have to keep me updated! I want to know EVERYTHING. I will be highly  discrete but only if you give me a steady supply of info.democracy and guns for everyone-FreyaFriday April 15th, 2011Arthur’s  house felt even emptier than usual before all their friends trouped in.  Merlin hadn’t been back there for nearly two weeks – the last time he  had, Arthur had made him come in his pants before they’d even left the  foyer, so they went to Merlin's house instead. But Percy had demanded  that they have a movie night and it wasn’t like Arthur would rub him off  in front of everyone, so he figured it would be okay.He’d shown  up early and hung around with a surprisingly subdued Arthur for a while  before the lads arrived. They ordered pizza and ate it out on the lawn,  enjoying a rare warm spring evening. He didn’t bother to follow his  friends to the kitchen for a snack-run when they eventually went inside,  and instead quickly divested himself of his uniform in Arthur’s room,  putting on a pair of Arthur’s flannel pyjama bottoms and a t-shirt from  his brief stint in chess club three years ago. It only made sense, after  all, considering they were all going to stay the night. Leon, being the  only one among them who was old enough to buy booze, supplied the beer.  When Merlin got back, he found them already situated in the living  room.“Beer!” Gwaine plonked himself down on a couch and held his  hand out. “Oh come on Leon, stop texting your mum and give me a fucking  beer, yeah?”“I’m not – oh fuck off and have your fucking beer you lush.”“Percy, mate, I was supposed to be meeting a seriously fit bird at the Plow tonight. Why did you force us to do this again?”“You’re all bastards, ‘swhy.”Arthur piped up. “Nah it’s ‘cause he was so lonely last week when everyone and their mum had dates.”“You and Merlin didn’t have dates,” Lance pointed out.Merlin thought fast. “Yeah, but I had to keep him from drowning in the pool like I always do on Fridays.”“Right.  So tonight we’re all here to keep the hyperactive git from offing  himself in an incredibly embarrassing fashion, and also there is beer,”  Percy said. He dug out the DVDs and put them on the table with a  flourish.“What’s with you and Simon Pegg anyway?”“He’s fucking hilarious, mate.”“Clearly you are incredi-gay for him. You want his gingery pubes to get stuck in your teeth, don’t you?”“Fuck off G-String, you dirty shirt-lifter.”Leon diffused the tension. “Shirt-lifter? What is this, 1985? Now, who else wants a beer?”The  living room, Merlin had to admit, was pretty much the best place in  town to watch a movie. There were two big leather couches, a bunch of  squashy ottomans, a bright fluffy rug. Morgana, frustrated with Uther’s  dour colour-scheme, had redecorated while he was away on a business trip  in Singapore one year, and they were the remains of her influence. The  television and sound setup, however, were all Arthur, with Uther’s money  to back it.Merlin padded to the linen closet in the hallway and  raided it for a soft red duvet he favoured. He burrowed beneath it in  the corner of one of the couches. Arthur settled himself at the other  end, two beers in hand. Merlin took the extra one.“You are such a girl, Merlin, you and your bloody duvets.”Merlin smacked Arthur in the face with a throw pillow.“Silence, plebs!” Percy called as the opening scene of Shaun of the Dead began. Elyan threw a crisp at his head.Merlin  had seen Shaun of the Dead about a hundred times already. He supposed  it was good; it was gory and funny and there was a bit with Queen in it  so he wasn’t complaining. But it sort of melted into the background  whereas Arthur’s proximity to him was forefront in his mind.Freya  had exhorted him to confront Arthur about everything, but, well, first  of all, she was a brash American and didn’t know the first thing about  propriety, and second of all, every time he tried, he ended up getting  ravished, and by that point he had sort of forgotten his original goal.  They needed to talk about it though, because it had been going on for a  month and it was getting excruciating in several different ways. It  wasn’t just a Friday afternoon thing any more - Arthur had pulled him  away from Gwen and Lance at lunch that Tuesday and sucked on his  earlobes until Merlin had grabbed Arthur’s hand from his waist and  pushed it down his pants.Merlin was halfway through his second  beer when Arthur started digging his feet under the edge of the duvet  and poking him with his toes. Merlin kicked him. Arthur, already  beginning to look a bit glassy around the eyes, just wriggled his feet  in further and poked him again. It quickly devolved into a shoving match  that only ended when Percy rounded on them, a thunderous look on his  face, and hushed a hush worthy of their school librarian.“Excuse  us, Percy, it’s just that Arthur is being a twat.” Merlin primly spread  the duvet out across the both of them, smoothing it with sweeps of his  hand.By the time Merlin had started his third beer, Arthur was  at it again. This time, however, he began by sliding his foot up under  the hem of his pyjama bottoms and drawing circles on his ankles. Merlin  pulled his knees up, glaring at him, but Arthur just smirked and took  another sip of his beer.“Look at the bedroom eyes on Shaun!”  Gwaine said, “Christ, Pegg and Frost totally used to fuck each other, I  swear. Percy, didn’t they live together?”Lance groaned and threw  a pillow in Gwaine’s face. “Shush! This is the best part.” Lance,  funnily enough, was an enormous lover of gory horror films. He and Gwen  regularly had marathons where they watched the goriest movies in their  collections together. Gwen said it was a trade-off, that Lance would  watch her historical romances in exchange, but Merlin knew she liked the  blood and guts too.Arthur had settled down on the couch so that  his feet were tucked in against Merlin’s hip. He’d eventually stopped  trying to kick Merlin and tipped his head back against the arm of the  couch, exposing a patch of stubble he’d missed the last time he’d  shaved. Merlin didn’t know if it was that, or the beer, or the fact that  they’d spent an entire afternoon together without getting each other  off, but he felt a surge of something that wasn’t quite nausea and  squeezed Arthur’s big toe. It was a bad idea, given that Arthur was even  more ridiculous when he was drunk, but instead of yelping in mock pain  or kicking him again, he just curled his toes over Merlin’s hand.Normally  he wouldn’t touch Arthur’s toes with a ten-foot barge pole, but he’d  had a shower when they’d first got back, and his feet were warm and dry  against his wrist. When they were boys and just starting to get hair in  strange places, Arthur had once shoved his feet in Merlin’s face. “Look!  I’ve got hair on my toes!” It should have been rather revolting,  but Merlin secretly liked the fact that Arthur had hobbit feet. Not  that he’d tell him, or that he’d appreciate the reference, but there it  was all the same.The last ten minutes of Shaun of the Dead  passed as Merlin wiggled each of Arthur’s toes in turn and stuck his  fingers between them.By the time the credits rolled, Merlin had  one leg hanging over the edge of the couch and the other tangled in  Arthur’s, who was rubbing circles into Merlin’s calf with his foot.  Merlin still had his hand tucked around the foot pressed into his hip,  and Arthur would occasionally scrabble his toenails against his palm.“When’d  you last clip your claws, you freak of nature?” Merlin whispered, scratching the arch of Arthur’s foot.Percy flicked the lights on. “I’m starting Hot Fuzz in fifteen minutes, alright, so don’t dick about in the kitchen, yeah?”Leon shot him a specious look. “You need to get out mate, seriously.” He produced his phone, and began texting furiously.“Whatever, I’m going for a slash.” Gwaine slouched off in the opposite direction to the bathroom.Merlin  rolled his shoulders and blinked in the light. “Um, you might want to  see where he’s off to, he’s probably looking for your dad’s booze.”“Shite!” Arthur flicked back the duvet and hurried after him.Merlin  enjoyed a few moments of quiet once Elyan declared a need for more  crisps and Lance had followed. He stretched out along the couch, bending  back and popping his spine with great relish. He was all splayed out  atop the duvet when Arthur returned. “You catch Gwaine before he drank  all the Damrak?”Arthur raked his eyes up Merlin’s torso,  lingering a moment where Merlin’s hand scratched idly at the trail of  hair below his navel.“Wa-what? Oh. Yeah, Father bought a better lock since last time. He’s sucking down a fag out the back.”“Ah.”Arthur watched as Merlin yawned and stretched his back again.“So’re you gonna shove over or what?”“Getcher  own couch, Spendy.” Merlin kicked Arthur in the knee, which was another  bad idea, because he retaliated by leaping on top of Merlin with a  bounce.“This is my own couch.”Merlin let out an  “oof” and then pulled an arm out from between them. “What’s that one  over there, then?” he asked, pointing across the coffee table.“Oh  no, I prefer this one. ‘Smore comfortable.” Arthur wriggled to  emphasise the point. Merlin was feeling rather flustered by the  proximity of his face, given that, in any other circumstance, they’d be  licking each other’s teeth by now.He managed to move out from  under Arthur without any crucial parts coming into contact and pressed  himself into the back of the couch. For god’s sake, at the very least,  they could get themselves under the duvet before someone came back.  After a couple minutes of tussle they managed to settle into something  that resembled more “friendly” and less “foreplay”, with Merlin’s left  foot under Arthur’s thigh and his right dangling off the cushions.  Merlin hastily threw the duvet over them again as Lance and Elyan were  herded out of the kitchen by Percy, balancing precarious and comically  large sandwiches.“Do we have any food left for breakfast, at  least?” Arthur’s tone did nothing to give away the fact that he had a  foot pressed up against Merlin’s balls.“Gwaine!” Percy hollered, “Hurry the fuck up! The movie’s starting!”“I give not a single fuck, mate!” came Gwaine’s voice from down the hall.Leon let out a peal of laughter. Elyan shot him a curious look. “Just a text from my friend at uni ... don’t worry.”Percy  huffed and switched the lights off as Gwaine settled back against the  other couch. Just as the movie started, Merlin felt Arthur’s foot move  and sat bolt upright.“Y’right there Merlin?” Leon asked. The foot slithered down to his knee and Merlin let out a long breath.“Yeah, ‘salright. Just thought I heard my phone ring.” He could see Arthur’s toothy grin in the light of the telly.They quieted down to watch Martin Freeman and Bill Nighy fire Simon Pegg in the most British way possible.About  ten minutes in, Merlin felt Arthur wriggle again, and a foot began  working its way up the inside of Merlin’s thigh. Merlin caught it, but  Arthur only waggled his foot in a friendly manner against his hand and  rubbed another circle against his thigh.Danny had finally  succeeded in asking Nicholas Angel out on their first date to the pub  when Merlin felt Arthur’s foot inch higher, moving up his leg until his  toes curled into the crease of Merlin’s hip. Christ. Lance was leaning  against the front of the couch, his head only inches away. Arthur surely  wouldn’t, not here, but Merlin could see him smiling again with hooded  eyes, and Arthur’s foot moved to nudge against his cock.He  didn’t move at first, just kept watching Pegg and Frost share a tender  moment over pints, but the feel of it there was enough to make Merlin’s  cock start swelling. He kept it there until Merlin was well past halfway  hard and starting to sweat under his t-shirt. He met Merlin’s stunned  gaze and began to move his foot in short, deliberate strokes. It wasn’t  anything near as good as his hand, but with everyone else right there,  the tension between them more than made up for it. Merlin shifted his  hips.Arthur caught one of the buttons down the fly between his  toes and gave it a tug. Half disbelieving his own actions, Merlin  flicked it open, and with another nudge from Arthur, undid the second.  Of course, Arthur’s pyjamas would allow for easy access. He  should have packed a bag. Arthur worked his foot into the opening and  Merlin bit his tongue to keep from groaning aloud.“Is there any beer left?” Elyan asked.Lance  bent away from the couch to rummage in the cooler box they’d placed on  the floor. “Leon, you tight bastard, we have run out of beer and I am  not even barely tipsy,” he complained.“You arseholes only gave me ten quid!”Gwaine scooted across his couch. “Well if Arthur’d break into the booze cabinet for us, we’d be fucking set.”Arthur  looked up at the sound of his name, easing his foot off Merlin’s cock.  Merlin tipped his head back and drew in a shaky breath. He was too tipsy  to care if it looked odd. He was that close to coming in his pants, in  front of five of his best mates, and he wasn’t sure what was worse: that  or getting blue-balls if Arthur stopped entirely. He gave his balls a  quick tug while Arthur was distracted.“Abso-fucking-lutely not.  Last time Gwaine vommed in sitting room all over the velvet settee. Do  you know how much shit I was in for that?”“Considering Uther  banished me from your house for the rest of the year, I’ve an idea. At  least tell me I can have a bottle of the cheap wine, Arthur.”Percy threw his hands into the air. “Shut. Up. You nattering fuckfaces!”“You  can afford to replace the ones on the bottom of the wine rack,” Arthur  conceded, blatantly ignoring Percy, and Gwaine vaulted over the back of  the couch with distinct purpose. As he spoke, he pushed his foot back up  against the hard shape of Merlin’s cock, toeing the wet patch he found  there. Merlin shuddered.Arthur arched his foot into the curve of  Merlin’s erection, very gently grinding his heel into the base to nudge  against his balls. Fucking hell. He was going to come and it was going  to be in front of five of his best friends. If they knew, if they fucking saw him... He lifted the duvet up with his knees to stop it rustling as Arthur’s movements pushed his foreskin back and forth.Gwaine  returned, two glasses in each hand and a bottle under either arm, the  neck of a third between his teeth. By that point, Merlin’s thighs were  trembling.Arthur suddenly drew his knees up to his chest and  demanded a glass of wine in a drunk, entitled sort of way, leaving  Merlin squirming for some source of friction.“Merlin?” Lance was  looking at him with a concerned expression, “are you alright? You look  like you’re going to be sick or something.”The wine sloshed over the edge of the glass as Arthur took a large gulp and ducked his feet back under the covers.“N-no!”  Merlin’s voice broke as Arthur brushed up against his cock. Gwaine was  still distributing large glasses of chablis, even Percy wasn’t paying  close attention to the film, and Merlin would have kicked Arthur if he  didn’t want to come so badly. He grabbed Arthur’s ankle and lifted his  hips up against the pressure.Everyone else finally settled down  to watch Pegg have a shoot-out in the middle of the village square, and  before he quite realised what was happening, Merlin was coming hot and  wet against the sole of Arthur’s foot.He panted as quietly as he could manage as Arthur deliberately wiped his foot off on Merlin’s stomach. He was suddenly grateful for  growing up in a house with paper-thin walls - if he hadn’t had years to  practice keeping quiet, there’d be no way he could have come without  alerting the rest of them, gunfire regardless. Once he was capable of  standing without visibly shaking, he wrapped the duvet around himself.  “Kitchen!” he declared.Arthur stood up too (rather awkwardly,  Merlin was pleased to note). “Anyone else want anything?” he asked,  suddenly a good host as Merlin scuttled out with the duvet around his  shoulders.Everyone’s eyes were facing the television, caught up in the end of the movie. Percy shushed them absently.He  had to change. He couldn’t wear come-stained pyjamas hanging out with  the guys. Merlin walked up the stairs as quickly as he could without  giving himself away. But, fuck! If he came back into the living room  wearing new clothes there would be questions. Fucking Gwaine and  his insatiable curiosity about everything that nobody needed to know!  And if he didn’t come back with more snacks...Small favors, he  thought to himself, as he creaked open the door to the rarely-used  upstairs kitchen. Arthur’s house was absurd. There was even a dumb  waiter bricked up in the walls, too. Merlin ran the tap and chugged a  glass of water, suddenly thirsty. He found a tea towel crumpled behind  the sugar canister and started to scrub himself up. It was probably a  futile effort. If anybody asked, and he knew they fucking would,  because they were all insatiable gossips, he’d make up some shit about  being too drunk to carry drinks and snacks at the same time.He  was still wiping himself off when Arthur padded into the kitchen,  looking pink and dishevelled. Merlin threw the cloth at his face.“What the fuck was that about?”Arthur swayed a bit, forward and back, his eyes locked on Merlin’s wet pyjamas. “Wha-?”“Is that what you like, huh? Do you get off on making me - come,” he hissed, “in front of everyone?”Merlin’s eyes flicked down to Arthur’s crotch, where his erection bulged against his trousers. “Clearly, you fucking do. Jesus.”Arthur  rubbed the back of his head, a bit sheepish. The muscles in his arm  flexed, smooth and powerful, and Arthur was oblivious to what he was  doing to Merlin entirely.“This is so fucked up,” Merlin  declared, and pushed a dumbfounded Arthur up against the old white  fridge. He tasted like cheap chablis and beer and crisps. Arthur grunted  a little and moved so the handle didn’t dig into his back, curving his  hand around to cup Merlin’s neck.“Merlin. Merlin,” Arthur was mumbling against his mouth, “shit Merlin, we have to go back downstairs, they’re gonna wonder-”“Oh,  like they might have wondered what the hell was happening in there  before?” Merlin shoved him again, but it was halfhearted, and he let  Arthur reflexively shove him back.“Think we’ve got s’more crisps  hidden...” Arthur trailed away, like he’d forgotten everything already,  to rummage in the pantry. He produced two bags of something with  questionable expiry dates and opened one up, eating them mindlessly.  “Wan’ some?” he held the bag up to Merlin’s face and shook it.Merlin sighed. “Fine”, he grumbled, and grabbed a handful of crisps, “we’ll wait till it’s over then.”They  listened for the sound of the end credits, feeding each other crisps  and snogging a bit whenever Arthur got distracted by Merlin’s salty  fingers.When they got back to the living room, they found Gwaine  passed out on their couch, cradling a bottle to his chest. The DVD had  gone back to the menu screen and no-one seemed to have noticed. Leon was  gone, probably off to text his mystery girlfriend again.“We can’t just leave them there,” Merlin gestured to Gwaine, who was dripping wine onto an unconscious Lance on the floor.Arthur  blinked hazily for a moment, then made a strange expression, which  Merlin recognized as his idea-face. He swayed down the hall and returned  a moment later with the contents of the closet - armfuls of pillows and  blankets. He began to distribute them on top of his snoring friends.When Arthur dropped a floppy cushion on Percy’s head, he sat up with a “mgah?” and seized the remote control. “Commentaries!” he shouted, and paged through to the bonus options.Merlin found headphones in a drawer in the coffee table and plugged them in; plopped them next to Percy’s knees.“Ssssshhh!” Percy hissed at him. “This’s the one wiv Tarantino!”Arthur  grabbed Merlin by his damp t-shirt and pulled him towards the stairs.  The second his bedroom door closed, he turned Merlin around by the  shoulders and licked into his mouth. “C’mon Merlin,” he urged, rubbing  his cock against Merlin’s hip, “fuck, I’ve been hard for hours, you have no idea.” He began tugging on his grey tracksuit bottoms until they were halfway down his thighs.Arthur  stumbled back, pushing his trousers down as he went. “Even had a wank,  you know, when I was in the shower and - oof!” he tripped over Merlin’s  rucksack and caught himself on the edge of the desk. Merlin settled at  the foot of Arthur’s bed, watching him hop around while he babbled on.“- and then you were all stretched out and I could see your fucking hips and fuck Merlin, do you even know what that does to me?” Arthur finally freed  his legs with a kick. “Like in Lit the other day, you kept licking your  lips and seriously, I haven’t gotten that hard in class since Willow  came to PE without a bra on.” He was working an arm out of the sleeve of  his hoodie as he spoke, exposing a stretch of smooth abdomen. The sight  of it had Merlin’s cock stirring again.He looked over at Merlin  then, all glazed eyes and flushed cheeks. Arthur started on his  buttons, fumbling under Merlin’s intent stare. “And you know those  bloody chocolate bars you eat, fuck - every fucking time, I swear, every  - argh! Bloody buttons!” He gave up trying to undo them and  grabbed the hem of his school shirt. He got stuck halfway, with his  hands flapping around his head. There was a pause and Arthur gave up,  his shoulders slumping. “Merlin, I’m stuck. Get it off me.”Merlin was smacked in the head with a flailing arm as he attempted to unfasten Arthur’s shirt. “Just keep still, you wanker.”“Did it in the shower, y’know, an’ you di’n’t even notice.”Merlin chuckled. “I thought about it though.”“Really?” Arthur sounded pleased.“Yeah.” He let out a shaky breath and pushed the shirt over Arthur’s head.Arthur’s hair was sticking up in tufts. “Hello.”Merlin rolled his eyes and kissed him.When  Arthur drank wine he tended to get verbose. In his current state, he  was releasing an incoherent litany of increasingly elaborate plans to  get each other off, not stopping despite Merlin’s best efforts.Merlin tried kissing him on the mouth again but he just kept talking so he trailed down to his jaw and dug his fingers into Arthur’s arms, kneading the muscles there.“Wan’ you to come in every room of th’house... an’ at badmin’n... an’ in Leon’s van, and...”Merlin pressed a leg between Arthur’s and grabbed him closer, stepping backwards, and sucked a mark onto his chest.“Even  want it when you eat m’sandwiches... I wanna feed ‘em to you an’ jerk  you off in the common room.” Arthur seemed to conclude as Merlin  manoeuvred them across the floor.They appeared to have found the  bed. Merlin pushed him down, but Arthur grabbed his hips as  he fell  and pulled Merlin down with him.“Hrm. It is comfortable.” Merlin wriggled in Arthur’s lap. The movement made his cock catch against Arthur’s and they both shuddered.Arthur  pawed drunkenly at his pyjamas. “Get these off.” He sucked Merlin’s  bottom lip into his mouth, sliding his palms under Merlin’s shirt.They snogged for another minute, until Arthur tugged on his clothes petulantly again. “Take’m off, c’mon.”Merlin  stripped down to his underpants in record time, somehow managing to not  stop kissing Arthur for more than a few seconds. He clambered back on  top of Arthur, who immediately slid his fingers down the back of  Merlin’s pants, squeezing as he lifted his hips.Arthur’s palms  were hot against his arse, fingers spread wide enough to span from hip  to cleft, digging in. He felt breathless and drunk; all of Arthur’s skin  under and around him made him bubble over with want. He wanted to feel  Arthur’s cock on his own, wanted to rub up against him until he came.  Merlin set his teeth down on Arthur’s shoulder and rolled his hips,  letting the motion drag his pants down along the back of Arthur’s hands.“Oh fu-”  Arthur panted as Merlin rolled his hips again, the head of his cock  poking out the top of his pants and smearing Arthur’s belly with  pre-come.Merlin’s pants were pulled halfway down his arse, but  Arthur was too far gone to take them off any further, so he rolled them  down and kicked them off his ankles. Arthur sat up in surprise at the  loss of his squirming lapful, but Merlin just yanked Arthur’s pants off  before he had time to do more than open his mouth.Arthur’s gaze  went immediately to his cock, where it lay against the dark thatch of  hair between his pale thighs. They hadn’t turned the lights off. A  thrill ran though Merlin’s body, seeing Arthur watch him as he climbed  back on the bed, licking his lips distractedly as he raked his eyes up  and back down again.Merlin was back on top of him in a second,  knocking Arthur’s hand aside when he reached out for Merlin’s cock. He  settled around Arthur’s hips again, moving until their cocks were  nestled together between them. Arthur cursed and canted up into it,  sending a hot spike of arousal down the insides of his legs.It  felt base, rutting together as they were, without arms and clothes and  bedsheets in the way. Every hitch of Arthur’s hips between his legs felt  like a flash of heat and he kept making noises, little whimpery gasps  into Arthur’s hair. He’d never done it with a girl, but apart from  Arthur’s distinctly masculine form, this was a lot more what he’d  thought sex would be like than anything else he’d done.Their  cocks worked together, slotting velvet and hot in the crevices that  formed when Arthur's hands tightened around his hips and dragged Merlin  smoothly up and down. Merlin steadied himself with a hand on the side of  Arthur's neck, felt the slickness of their pre-come and the rasp of  their hair against each other. His skin felt flushed, prickling under  Arthur’s hands.Merlin barely noticed Arthur coming, just felt  the sudden wetness between them and a drawn out moan against his cheek.  He sank back into the pillows, let his hands drag across Merlin’s thighs  as he climbed a little higher to work himself against the sticky patch,  and smear it into Arthur’s skin. It only took a minute more and then  Merlin was coming, up along Arthur’s sternum, panting against his lips  as he rode out the aftershocks.He collapsed face-down in the sheets beside Arthur, content to let the afterglow lull him to sleep.“Mngh, don’ pass out on me, you idiot.” Arthur lazily smacked him on the bum. Merlin grunted.Arthur  extricated himself from under the sprawl of Merlin’s limbs and  disappeared into his bathroom. He returned a minute later, rolled Merlin  onto his back and began to methodically wipe down his stomach with a  towel.“You lazy bastard. I made you come twice today and I have  to clean you up as well?” He tipped Merlin’s knees apart to clean off  his thighs. Merlin hummed contentedly and Arthur pressed a kiss to the  soft skin near his hips. “Grotty little pervert.”“Oi!” Merlin  cracked an eye open to glare down at him. “I made you come twice; you  were totally thinking of me in the shower. I didn’t even have to do  anything.”The mattress shifted and a second later Merlin’s pants landed on his head.“Never said I was thinking of you. Could’ve been thinking of your mum.”“Whatever, you were thinking of my face.”“Oh, and by your face you mean your arse?”Merlin  didn’t respond to that, just pulled his pants up and waited for Arthur  to get the lights. When he came back in the dark, he curled himself into  Merlin’s side and wriggled back a bit. “Hrmm,” he mumbled, “y’r th’best  fuck buddy ever.”Friday April 15th, 2011, 20:23new message from: Dagger
miss u wish u were here lik last weekcompose message
miss u 2. g thinks ur my mum. a+m appear 2 b cuddlingnew message from: Dagger
y r u w/ him and not me? omg, r they makin out yet?compose message
perc wants a lads nite. wtf? srsly? they r just friendsnew message from: Dagger
woteva he makes lunch 4 him. every daycompose message
theyve dun tht 4 yrsnew message from: Dagger
a has wanted him 4 yrs. srsly, put m in a dress and hell b all ovr himcompose message
m in a dress?? mite look betr thn u  XOXOnew message from: Dagger
well if ur that hard upnew message from: Dagger
w8 no id cut ur balls offcompose message
wldnt dream of it luvcompose message
thyr ttly idk.... cuddling newaynew message from: Dagger
OMG! lik wot?compose message
unda a blanket, idk m seems sick?compose message
lol g is drinkin al the wine. gonna go broke whn big spendy finds outnew message from: Dagger
OMG NO1CURR WAT OF A/M?compose message
idk they leftnew message from: Dagger
FOLLOW THEM!!!!compose message
OMG i jst saw them nekN! am now blind.new message from: Dagger
PICS OR IT DIDNT HAPPENNew MMS
C?INCOMING CALL FROM DAGGER Merlin awoke to the heavenly scent of bacon and a face-full of blond hair.He pushed Arthur in the back and he didn’t even grunt. “Get up get up, move your fat arse, there’s breakfast.”Arthur  groaned and put a pillow over his head. “Merlin, Merlin am I dead? I  think I might be actually dying. Are your eyeballs also made of acid?”  His voice came muffled from the sheets.“Oh, grow a pair,” Merlin  grumbled, sorting through the bedside cabinet for Arthur’s paracetamol.  He pulled out an old ipod, a great tome named Ask Bearders: Answers to the World's Most Challenging Cricket Questions and a half-empty bottle of lube before finding the squashed white box  of panadol. He took two himself and shoved the box at Arthur.He  began retrieving items of clothing from Arthur’s floor. He found his  come-crusted pants under a pillow and immediately flicked them towards  the laundry basket. He’d been wearing them when they first went to  sleep, but Arthur got a bit handsy in the wee hours of the morning and  they got pulled off again. The question now was: go commando or find an  alternative? Arthur was still hidden under the bedsheets, so he nicked a  clean pair of Arthur’s pants. They were bright red and a bit baggy, but  they served.When they finally slouched downstairs, they  followed their noses to the kitchen where all their friends were  clustered around the counter.“Good morning, son! Merlin.” Uther nodded in their direction. “Have a bit of a lie-in, did we?”Sometimes  Uther did this. He would be stuck in the city, sleeping in the pull-out  couch in his office, for the end of the work week, and return Saturday  mornings with plans to cook breakfast. He was wearing a striped apron  that read “Kiss the Cook” and everything. Merlin supposed that Uther  must look at it a bit like getting to play house.Arthur just groaned and buried his head beneath his arms, rubbing his cheek on the cold marble counter top.“Yo!  M-dawg!” Merlin squinted. Apparently the greeting had come from Leon,  who was holding up a carafe of orange juice with a fixed grin on his  face. “You want some OJ?”“Er... thanks, um... Le-le?”“No probs!” Leon handed him a glass and turned to Percy. “Perce-snatcher? Juice it up?”Percy,  looking grey-faced and still wearing half his uniform, took the offered  glass with a cringe. Gwaine practically lunged at Leon for the carafe.  “What is up with the names, mate?”“What d’you mean G-spot? You started it.”“Yeah, ‘cause I’m the cool one. What are you, forty this year?”Uther watched the exchange closely and clapped Arthur around the shoulder. “How about a cup of tea, A-frame?”Arthur  turned to him, incredulous. Elyan snorted juice up his nose and had to  be thumped on the back. Uther took in Arthur’s bloodshot eyes and  rounded on Gwaine. “How much of my wine did you drink young man?”Gwaine didn’t even flinch. “Only a bottle. Of the cheap stuff.”Lance, who was a bastard who could not tell a lie, held up three fingers behind Gwaine’s back. Uther pursed his lips.“Mister Pendragon, the bacon’s burning,” Merlin hastily pointed out.From: ponderoustibbons@gmail.comTo:   supermeowpants@gmail.comDate:   Sat, 16 April, 2011subject   Mission FailureNo,  still haven’t talked to him about it. Instead we have progressed to  mid-level exhibitionism. Arthur IS A JERKWAD. Also his pants do not fit  me properly. Don’t ask. Too hungover. Will provide details when brain is  not leaking out ears.~M-dawgPS: don’t ask about that eitherFrom: supermeowpants@gmail.comTo:   ponderoustibbons@gmail.comDate:   Sat, 16 April, 2011Subject:   RE: Mission FailurePANTS???? LIKE UNDERPANTS BRITISH PANTS OR LIKE JEANS PANTS. WHAT. EVEN. YOU ARE BOTH SEX MANIACS.I DONT CARE IF YOU SAY DONT ASK. I MUST HAVE JUICY DEETS OR I WILL PHOTOSHOP FAKE ONES AND PUT THEM ONLINE.I still have that sext you tried to send me once, with your shirt off? I have materials, okay? That’s all I’m saying.-FreyaPS: okay, that, I won’t ask about...FIN.



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



