



The Moonlight Side - Introvertia - Stranger Things TV 2016
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

The Moonlight Side
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/12930375.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
Stranger Things (TV 2016)
Relationship:
Billy Hargrove/Steve Harrington
Character:
Steve Harrington, Billy Hargrove, Nancy Wheeler, Jonathan Byers, Susan Hargrove, Neil Hargrove, Maxine "Max" Mayfield, Vicki
Additional Tags:
Gay Sex, Alcohol, Underage Smoking, Recreational Drug Use, Explicit Language
Stats:

        Published: 2017-12-06
          Completed: 2019-02-15
          Chapters: 2/2
        Words: 47428
      

The Moonlight Side
by Introvertia
Summary
Werewolves in U, not really an AU.Yep, werewolves.It's not gruesome, I promise.I don't know what else to say, I really like werewolves.




Chapter 1




Steve had been having nightmares. He could have told Nancy before, but now confiding in her felt like breaking some kind of unwritten rule, now that she and Jonathan were an item, Steve was just, what? Her ex, her friend, her ex-boyfriend-friend? He sure as hell wasn’t going to tell Dustin, although he would listen, and probably have a lot to say about it, but he was just a kid. 

 

It was 3:15 AM, Steve had been dreaming about the demodogs, there’d been a dozen or so of them chasing him through the forest and he knew they were going to catch up. The night before he’d dreamt he was lost in the tunnels and calling for help, knowing no one would hear him and he’d die alone in the dark. Steve kicked off his blankets and sat up rubbing his face, pushing his hands through his hair trying to and shake off the nightmares. The dreams had to stop, they were wrecking his life, he wondered if he’d even finish school, he was too tired all the time to get through his homework or fill out college applications, he could hardly even focus at gym. He’d had of enough sleep if it meant more demodogs and tunnels, despite his intense need for it. Steve pulled a heavy sweater on over his pajama top and headed to the kitchen. The house was freezing. His father had been bitching about their bills and the cost of heating the whole house, Steve surmised that his solution had been to let them all die of hypothermia.

 

Steve flicked on the stove light and poured some milk in a saucepan and set it to simmer. He leaned on the counter looking out into the backyard,  the pool lights were on and he found the familiar glow soothing, there was frost on the windows. Snow was in the forecast. He dumped a few scoops of cocoa-mix into the warm milk and stirred distractedly, when it was done he filled a large mug with steaming cocoa and wrapped his hands around it. He flipped off the light and was about to go upstairs when he noticed motion out of the corner of his eye. He tilted his head looking out the window. He didn’t see anything. 


“You’re hallucinating.” He declared and took a sip from his mug. Steve went upstairs, laid back in bed and put on his headphones and listened to Duran Duran’s Rio, that would keep him awake.

 

By the time side A had finished playing he was dead asleep.

 

Steve woke up with his mother hovering over him, she had her hand on his forehead.



“Mom, what are you doing?”


“You were making a fuss in your sleep last night, and you look so pale.”


“I’m not sick.”


“Don’t get upset, I just came in to remind you that your father and I going up to Chicago, remember?”


“Yeah, I remember.” Steve had totally forgotten.


“Maybe I should stay if you’re not feeling well.”


“No, no, I’m good.” Steve nodded sitting up, his headphones were on the bed next to him.


“You shouldn’t sleep with these things, you might strangle yourself.”


“What?” Steve picked up the narrow cord and furrowed his brow, and looked back at her, “yeah, I won’t do that anymore.”


“Make yourself some breakfast, you don’t look your best.”


“Okay mom, have fun in Chicago.”


“Be safe.” She said as she left his room. 


“Yep.” He laid back and listened the sounds of the house, he picked up his walkman and looked at the cassette, “You traitors, you were suppose to keep me awake.” 

 

Steve stayed in his room till he heard his parents leave. Still exhausted but determined not to go back to sleep he went downstairs and watched Saturday morning cartoons, it was mostly old Bugs Bunny reruns and an episode of Dungeons and Dragons, he wondered what the Party was up to, but also wondered if being around them would increase the likelihood of more nightmares. When the cartoons were over he puttered around the house and even got bored enough to spend a couple hours on some homework and then opted for more TV, old films were airing on channel 5, he watched Robinhood with Errol Flynn and after that The Secret Life of Walter Mitty and then a couple episodes of I Love Lucy. He managed to stay home all day, alone and awake, and very, very tired.

 

By the time it was dark, he finally got the motivation to get out of his pajamas and dressed. He considered a hat, but then again, he ran his hand over his hair, it wasn’t that cold. He checked the time it was 5:45PM, he’d wasted most of the day and it was time to do something, and he was freezing. He decided his dad’s plan to save money on heating was out the window and went to turn up the thermostat, a note was taped on it.


BROKEN. REPAIRMAN ON MONDAY. 


His dad’s writing was all in caps, done in a red felt tip pen.


“Monday, when you get home from your fun trip to Chicago. Such a jerk.” Steve tore the note down and crumpled it up. He grabbed a vest and buttoned it up and shoved some gloves and a beanie in the pockets. He was hungry and cold.

 

A quick drive to Rossini’s for a pizza revealed that it had been snowing heavily all day. The streets were in need of plowing and he’d need to put chains on his tires by tomorrow if it didn’t let up. He parked as close as he could and dashed inside the restaurant. It was warm inside and smelled amazing.


“Hey!” Steve smiled, eager to order, the kid, Charlie, at the counter nodded.



“Hi Steve, how’s it going, man?”


“Good, I’m starving.”


“What’ll you have?” 


Steve rattled off several toppings and paid and sat down by the door to wait for his dinner, his knees jogging for warmth. He glanced over at the small dining space and there were Nancy and Jonathan. They hadn’t noticed him and were cuddled up on one side of a booth looking like an add for wholesome date night Hawkin’s style. Steve got up and went to the counter. He tried to stand out of their line of sight, but knew he was still in view if they looked up.


“Hey, Charlie, how much time did you say?” Steve asked in a low voice, he really didn’t want to be noticed by them.


“About 18 to 20 minutes.” Charlie answered. Steve nodded and gestured to the door. 


“I’ll be back.” He went out the door not waiting for a response, he’d been planning on sitting in his car and blasting the heat, but he realized he was parked right there, if they looked out and saw him sitting alone in his car he’d feel even worse. He sniffed at the air watching the snow fall, trying to convince himself that it was bracing and refreshing weather and he wanted nothing more than to go for a walk, an eighteen to twenty minute walk. He struck out telling himself he’d just do a quick loop of the main drag and bam, like magic, dinner would be ready and he’d grab his pizza and go home and have a delicious and sad lonely meal for one. He rolled his eyes at the sky and pulled on his beanie and shoved on his gloves. 

 

The streets were fairly empty and he walked watching his feet crunch through the snow and ice, thinking about the dreams, and how ridiculous he was for not just walking over to Nancy and Jon’s table and saying hello and interrupting their date and maybe, just maybe ruining it, at least a little bit. He felt himself shoulder someone hard and spun around apologizing.


“Sorry,”


“What’s the rush Harrington, hot date?”


“I didn’t see you.” His pulse jumped in his neck, Billy was standing uncomfortably close.


“No shit.” Billy replied eyeing him. Billy adjusted bag under his arm. He was wearing his tattered denim jacket over a flannel and a thermal, he had a navy blue scarf wrapped around his neck but he looked half frozen.


“You’re gonna freeze your nuts off.” Steve remarked.


“Didn’t know you cared.” Billy quipped.


“I don’t.”

 

They hadn’t talked to each other since before 

the

 fight. They interacted at school nearly daily, usually in P.E., sometimes even in their other classes when they were assigned to the same study groups. They were both civil, although Billy hadn’t given up on his dickhead commentary whenever an opportunity arose.

 

“Yeah, see you, pretty boy.” Billy turned away after a shockingly short exchange, Steve had thought that was going to go much worse, he was surprised that Billy hadn’t knocked him down for walking into him, although if there was another round, Steve wasn’t going to hold back.  He checked the time. Still another eight to ten minutes to kill.


“Harrington!” 


Steve jumped and hated himself for it, he looked back over his shoulder.


“It’s a full moon tonight.” Billy walked backwards watching him.


“Okay?”


“Might want to stay inside.”


“Because of the full moon?” Steve rolled his eyes and turned walking further down the street, a few of the shops had handwritten signs that read - Closed Early Due to Snow
,
 and similar phrases. Steve looked up at the sky, but the snow and cloud cover made it impossible to see where the moon was or if it was even full. He’d had enough of Billy’s nonsense to last him a lifetime.  He rounded the block and circled back to get his dinner, he was starting to think he should have stayed in bed.

 

Upon walking back into Rossini’s Steve noticed two things, Billy was at the counter picking up a pizza and Nancy and Jon had left. Billy looked over his shoulder hearing the bells on the door jingle. 


“Harrington, we meet again. You just missed your girlfriend, well, your ex-girlfriend, you could do better.”


“Thanks for the update,” Steve nodded at Charlie who was watching their exchange with far too much interest, “is it ready?” Charlie reached out holding Steve’s pizza box, Billy grabbed it out of his hand and turned facing Steve.


“Here you go.” He pushed the box into Steve’s chest, Steve grabbed hold of the box and really wanted to punch Billy in the mouth.


“Don’t forget about what I said.” Billy said conspiratorially.


“About what, Hargrove?” Steve was at the end of his tether, he just wanted a pizza.


“It’s a full moon.” Billy looked so serious that it made the hairs on the back of Steve’s neck stand up. Billy walked around him and went out the door.


“Why does he care if it’s a full moon?” Charlie was leaning over the counter, his voice in a hush.


“I don’t fucking know man, maybe he’s high.” Steve headed home with his dinner and a bad feeling. Driving up his street he realized the whole street was dark. He parked his car and looked around. There was power outage, he looked towards the heart of Hawkins and watched as all the lights winked out. As if by magic, he was suddenly surrounded by a sea of dark. He reached under his seat and grabbed his flashlight, he turned it on and went into the big empty house.

 

After getting a fire started and lighting a few candles Steve plopped down on the floor in the living room with a heavy blanket and ate his lukewarm pizza. He sat chewing and listening to music on his walkman. He grabbed his dad’s copy of  Casino Royale off the coffee table and flipped it open and started reading, he was determined to stay awake and not go insane with boredom. He snuggled down with his head near the fireplace, he opened the book to the first chapter; with a full belly, and the warmth of the fire, the effect was deeply soporific.

 

Steve awoke with a start, he’d been dreaming of the tunnels. He got up from the floor still groggy his pulse high, the fire was down to embers and most of the candles had burned themselves out. Steve put on his hat and gloves and went out into the backyard. He walked behind the garage where there were neatly stacked piles of firewood. Steve shined his flashlight on the ground, the snow had stopped falling and he was walking through several inches of powder. He threw back the tarp and loaded his arms with wood and went back inside, after he set the stack down he was pretty sure a second armload would come in handy tomorrow morning, so he went back out. He lifted his gaze to the sky and realized the clouds had finally cleared and there was the moon high up and full and bright white, he clicked off his flashlight, he could see without it. He shoved it in his back pocket and loaded his arms with more wood and started walking back. He couldn’t quite see ahead of himself because he arms were so full with firewood, so he looked at the ground on the left and the right of his path. He could see his boot marks from his previous trips to and from the house in the snow, he could also see what looked like very large dog prints. 

 

Steve held very still and listened with his whole being. He could barely make out the sound of someone treading in the snow, it was coming from the woods, just behind his house. Steve slowly crouched and set down the wood. He reached into his back pocket and pulled out the flashlight, he cupped his hand over the top of it and clicked it on, not wanting to draw attention to himself in case they hadn’t already seen him. Feeling more than a little paranoid he looked around and tried to remember which of his neighbors had dogs that big, the O’Malley’s down the way had a couple of Rottweilers, but they weren’t that big, not even close. Steve’s pulse went into triple time. Someone’s horse sized dog had just been in his backyard. It wasn’t hunting season, who the hell hunts at night? Someone’s was in the woods behind his house. 

Shit, shit, shit, not good

. Steve with wide eyes walked towards the back door making as little noise as he could, he was going to get inside and lock-up.

 

That’s when he heard the sound,  a growl so deep and low he felt it in his guts. Steve uncovered his flashlight turning around and shined it in a pair of enormous amber eyes lurching at him, an incredible weight took him down fast, the snow flew up from around him where he landed, his head thumping against the frozen turf making his teeth snap.  An overwhelming musk filled his nose, so potent he could taste it, he pushed up against heavy heaving muscle and fur bearing down on him, he remembered the metal flashlight and swung at the face of the animal, he struck as hard as he could, and then felt crushing pain in his forearm. Steve screamed. A deafening bang went off, he felt the pressure release, he turned on his side, and gagged feeling a bowl clenching nausea wash over him. Another volley of shots went off, Steve in terror started to drag himself towards the house. He heard one of the shots hit the ground near him and flinched. An enormous thud hit the ground and something rolled into the pool with a slapping splash.


“

Shhhiit…

” Steve felt arms wrap around him, lifting him up. He could see the moon and stars in the sky surreally distant and serene, he heard the pool water slapping the edges of the concrete. Everything was too slow and too fast at same time.


“Harrington, dude, come on, I got you.” Steve was lifted bodily and nearly dropped, “Shit, you’re heavier than you look.” Billy hefted him up adjusting him in his arms.


“What the hell was that, what was that? What..” Steve couldn’t catch his breath, his arm was on fire and he couldn’t breathe.


“Shh. I got you.” Billy carried Steve into the kitchen and set him on the floor.


“I’m sorry.” Billy ran a flashlight’s beam over Steve’s forearm, puncture marks welled with blood were visible where his sweater and thermal sleeve were torn, it was a large bite wound some of the down feathers from his vest were stuck in the blood, Steve couldn’t feel his fingers.


“I’m sorry.” Billy’s voice was thick, he was knelt next to Steve with his head lowered over the wound.


“I’m having a nightmare...” Steve knew he wasn’t, but wished he was as he wrapped his good arm around the injured one, adrenaline was kicking in and he sat up on his own, his body vibrated, he needed stitches, maybe a rabies vaccination.


“I’m sorry.” Billy repeated, as he stood up, pointed the flashlight at Steve’s face. Steve squinted up at him, confused and partially blinded, he could just make out that Billy was pointing the flashlight the in his right hand, was aiming a gun at him with his left.


“No, whoa!” Steve scooted back, “Jesus, don’t, don’t do that!”


“I’ve got to, I gotta.” Billy’s voice was trembling.


“Put that down, come on, don’t, Billy don’t!” Steve scooted himself to the counter and stood up. Billy tracked him with the flashlight and the barrel of the gun. The gun and the light dipped down, Billy uncrossed his arms slowly, the light and the gun pointing at the floor.


“I don’t want to.”


“Than don’t!” Steve screamed at him.



“Sit down.” Billy barked. Steve sat down hard, Billy was the one with gun after all, and seemed to be having a psychotic break after shooting a mountain lion, a bear? 


“It’s just a bite, you don’t need to put me out of my misery.” Steve’s voice shook hard, he was trying desperately to be calm. Billy went into the center of the kitchen and started opening drawers, and cupboards.


“Maybe there’s time.” He pulled drawers out and flipped open the pantry doors impatiently.


“Medical kit? An emergency kit?”


“Under the sink.” Steve considered getting a knife out of a drawer and stabbing Billy, or just running out of the kitchen and into the woods, he’d try his luck with the wildlife, had to be better than a psycho in his kitchen with a gun, but then again, that thing…


“What the fuck was that?” 


Billy dropped the emergency kit next to Steve and grabbed the waist of Steve’s sweater and roughly hoisted it off of him. 


“Agh, Christ!” Steve looked down at his arm, it looked horrible, red and bloodied and a little too flattened, he fought back bile. Clear liquid was splashed over his arm, in the instant he smelled the vodka his arm wound was burning. Billy wiped his arm down with a clean dish cloth and then poured again.


“Jesus, if this is helping me, please just shoot me.” Steve yelped and twisted in pain and would have moved away if Billy hadn’t grabbed his wrist keeping him in place. 


“I’m almost done,” Billy sounded calmer now, “point the flashlight at your wound.” He handed Steve the flashlight and opened the emergency kit, he grabbed some gauze pads and ripped them open pressing the around his arm and over the bite marks and wrapped an elastic bandage over those, covering his forearm snuggly and using a safety-pin to keep it place. 


“I think I’m going to throw up.” Steve was looking at his bandaged arm and twitched his fingers.


“No you’re not.” Billy picked up the vodka bottle and took a drink and handed it to Steve.


“Yeah, this isn’t a good idea.” Steve took a gulp, and kept it down with effort, he watched Billy open all eight of the tiny emergency aspirin packs dumping the pills on the tile, he swiped them up and handed them to Steve nodded and palmed the lot into his mouth and chased them with vodka. Billy pulled Steve up and steered him into the living room and helped him onto the couch. Billy still had the bottle with him, and took another long drink from the bottle.


“What time is it?” Steve asked, not knowing why.


“It’s late.”


“You were going to shoot me.” Steve wanted to be angry, but he was just shocked. Billy nodded and handed him the bottle as he rose and walked to the fireplace. He loaded more wood and stoked the dying embers till the fire was renewed. Steve drank more, not know what else to do, he kept his eyes on Billy, who had his back to him, but it was very clear that Billy was wiping his eyes with the heels of his palms.  Billy tossed one more log on the fire and walked over, he had the blanket Steve had been napping on and threw it over Steve. He sat down next to him and took the bottle taking drinking more and handed it to Steve.


“Go on, take a drink.” Billy wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, his eyes were bloodshot and his lashes damp. 


“What the hell is going on.” Steve could hear himself slurring already.


“Bad shit.” Billy said as he tilted up the bottle taking multiple gulps.


“Okay.” Steve didn’t know what else to say.


“Drink.”  Billy pressed the bottle at him, Steve took the it and this time took multiple gulps, his vision was getting tilty, he could feel the warmth of the fire and the vodka was making his belly toasty, his arm was throbbing, but the pain felt distant. Billy leaned over him, inspecting Steve’s face, Steve’s lids were heavy, he’d never been this close to Billy, the corner of his mouth twitched.


“Thanks for not shooting me.” Steve mumbled, his eyelids dipping.


“I’m sorry.” Billy reached over and stroked Steve’s hair, Steve tried to open his eyes, only to fall into a deep dreamless sleep.

 

When Steve awoke he had a raging headache. The power was back on and the house was chilly. Steve looked around, his mouth was dry. He had three heavy blankets piled on top of him, the fire was burning low and there was an enormous stack of wood by the fireplace. There was a pitcher of water on the table and a glass. It took some effort but Steve sat up and poured himself a glass of water, splashing a bit on himself and the carpet. He had no idea what time it was, or day, or where Billy was.


“Hargrove?” Steve called, but only the house answered with silence. He looked at his bandaged arm, there were some blood spots that had soaked through, but it didn’t hurt as much as he remembered. He got up slowly, hungover, he ran his hand over his head and felt a small sensitive bump on the back, he remembered being bowled over by that, animal? Steve weaved into the kitchen, still a bit drunk. The kitchen was spotless. Steve walked outside looking at the backyard. The snow had been shoveled, all the boot and animal prints gone. He remembered hearing the pool water being disturbed and looked at it. It was clear with a thin layer of ice, he couldn’t see anything in it. He walked over to where he thought he’d been knocked down and crouched. He pressed his fingers along the ground and felt his nail catch on something hard, he dug a bit and pulled up a small bright silvery lump of metal. Steve stumbled back in the house, he picked up the phone and started to call the Police Station, but hung up when the dispatcher answered. Steve went upstairs and got into bed, he was too hungover to think, he put the lump of silver in his bedside drawer and went to sleep.

 

“You have a fever, poor baby.” His mother was home. Steve couldn’t believe it was already Monday, he hadn’t even heard them come in.


“Mom.”


“I’ll make you some noodle soup.” She pat his head, he kept his wrapped arm under the blankets.

 

__________________________________________________________________






Billy was sitting in the school library reading the local paper, on the last page just above the used car sale ads and personals ads was a call for assistance for local residents to report any information on the whereabouts of one Mr Neil Hargrove, who had been missing since Saturday evening, his car had been found parked on the south edge of town on Sunday afternoon, under a foot of snow with the keys in the ignition. The article even included a photograph of Neil taken at a barbecue, Billy remembered that day pretty well, his father had slapped him for some forgotten chore about 10 minutes before that shot was taken, but there he was smiling and looking rather pleased with himself. Billy folded the paper and tossed it on the table. He looked at his notebook and drummed his pencil on the table.


“Hey.”


Billy looked up, Nancy Wheeler was standing before him. 


“I hope they find him.” She was looking at him with such sincerity Billy had to look away, he grabbed his book and the paper and stuffed them in his bag.


“I don’t.” He walked out of the library without looking back, he’d heard about her friend, the one that had gone missing, or been killed by chemical poisoning or something, he felt like a fake, or maybe like he should act sad, but he wasn’t sad, he was only worried they would find Neil, or rather his corpse.


Billy could feel everyone’s eyes on him, did all of these assholes read the paper? He went to his locker and ripped it open, he pulled out his French textbook and shoved it in his bag and slammed it shut, he turned around and nearly walked right into Harrington. He hadn’t seen him since last Saturday.


“Hey, you got a sec?” Steve’s big dark eyes were fixed on him, something was different.


“Not now.” Billy walked around him and headed for class. Billy sat down in his usual spot, way in the back next to Vicki, she smiled at him invitingly.


“Billy, ” She reached over and grabbed his hand, “I read the paper, are you okay?”


“Yeah.” Billy withdrew his hand leaning away from her in his seat. She looked at him with mooncalf eyes, clearly she thought he was being brave or some bullshit.


“You know if you need anything.” 


“If you’re going to chatter, do it 

in

 French.” There was a substitute at Mrs. Lanagan’s desk reading the newspaper, and there was Neil’s stupid face smiling at Billy in grainy black and white.


“Anything at all.” Vicki whispered and pet his shoulder.


“S’il vous plait, laissez-moi tranquille.” Billy shrugged his shoulder away. He counted the days since Saturday, It had been five days and Steve was up and about, not even a cast on his arm. He reached up running his index finger under the chain around his neck absentmindedly. Maybe Steve was fine, but he didn’t think so.

 

As soon as school let out Billy booked it to his car, he had his keys in his hand and was about to unlock the door when Harrington popped up out of nowhere.


“How about now?”


Billy looked Steve up and down, how had he been that quiet?


“What do you want, Harrington?” Billy unlocked the door and threw his bag in the back.


“To talk, about Saturday.”


“Saturday? Let’s see, it snowed, I saw Jon with your girlfriend, sorry, ex-girlfriend, and that’s what I know about Saturday.” 


“Knock off the bullshit.” Steve said quietly, his voice sounded huskier than Billy had heard it before.


“Harrington, I’m not the one boning your girl? Why don’t you go talk to Jon-boy.” 


“You fucking dipshit, this isn’t about Nancy and you know it!” Steve charged Billy and shoved him solidly into the side of his car. Steve took a step back looking startled, he hadn’t meant to do that. Billy’s fist cracked into the side of Steve’s jaw making him stumble back a couple steps, but he didn’t go down.


“You want to go Harrington?” Billy’s blood was up, but he wasn’t ready for the punch that landed in his gut, or Steve grappling Billy around the ribs and throwing him down on the icy asphalt and  dirt like he weighed nothing. Billy let out a groan followed by a maniacal cackle.


“You’re fucked Harrington, you’re so fucked.” Billy was laughing but it was mirthless, he rolled up on his feet.  Steve was enraged and frightened, he wasn’t afraid of Billy, he was frightened by his own actions. Billy caught him with a left hook, Steve’s head snapped back and he saw a white flash behind his eyes, this time he went down. Billy straddled Steve keeping him down and pinned his wrists. Steve arched his back and nearly bucked him off, Billy ben forward  in close and breathed into Steve’s ear.


“You don’t know what you’re doing, and you can’t finish this.” Billy said, he pushed himself up and started to walk away when Steve caught his ankle and pulled his leg out from under him. Billy down on the ground twisted like a snake and took a swing, Steve dodged back just in time. Out of his peripheral vision Steve could see an audience gathering, the distraction gave Billy an advantage and he took it, and clocked Steve in the temple, Steve’s head whipped sideways, and then he threw himself onto Billy. That’s when three sets of hands started pulling them apart. 

 

They were sat a seat apart from each other facing Principal Coleman’s desk, both of them scuffed up and seething. Billy had attempted to leave but Principal Coleman threatened to hold him back from graduating, and told Steve if he tried to leave he’d to send Hopper to get him since Steve’s legally an adult. Coleman sat looking at them both, his fingers steepled together and his elbows rested on his desk.


“Is this going to happen again? Are you two going to act like complete idiots for the rest of the school year? I don’t want this escalating, I want this done and over and if either of you have a real reason to want to beat the tar out of each other we’re all going to talk about it,” Coleman stabbed the desk with his index finger to punctuate his point, “right now!”


“It was my fault.” Billy announced, “I egged him on, about his ex.” Billy shrugged, “I was just fu--, messing with you, Harrington.” Steve looked at Billy like he wanted to throttle him.


“Is that true, Steve?” Coleman sat forward impatiently. Steve realized they couldn’t exactly hash out Saturday’s events here.


“Yes, I lost my temper.” Steve conceded looking at his palms. 


“So, let’s agree that it’s over, and you two won’t do this on my campus ever again, you’re both on your way to being adults, I expect some grownup behavior going forward. Now, Hargrove, Harrington, shake hands and let’s get on with our day, shall we?” Coleman sat back waiting for them to follow his orders.  Billy turned to face Steve with his hand out, Steve shook his hand one quick pump and got up and walked out of the room, he could hear Coleman asking Billy how his mother was. Everyone had read the paper, Steve didn’t know where Neil had gone to, but he really doubted Max or Billy missed him, from the rumors he’d heard from Dustin and Lucas the guy was an asshole, and maybe even abusive.






Steve went home and straight to his bedroom. He looked in the mirror searching for signs of swelling or bruising. He turned his head left to right and rubbed his palms together rubbing off small grains of dirt from the fight, he was surprised he didn’t have a mark on him. He’d been feverish, Monday through most of Wednesday,  his mother had even called the family doctor to get him on antibiotics on Wednesday morning, but before she could go pick up the meds his fever broke. He’d woken up this morning feeling great, and hungry, he’d eaten a lot of food. Three eggs, two giant slices of ham, four pieces of toast and a big mug of hot cocoa. He wanted to keep eating but he’d had to leave for school. 

 

At school he’d felt pretty good. He’d been sleeping really well, despite the fever, or maybe because of it, he’d not had a single nightmare. He’d had fun at lunch when Jon and Nancy had sat with him, they really fit together and for the first time Steve felt genuinely happy for them.

 

When he’d first approached Billy he hadn’t really felt mad, he’d just wanted to understand what the hell had happened Saturday night, it was really all a blur, he knew he’d run into Billy at Rossini’s, and that Billy had been in Steve’s backyard when a dog attacked him? Okay that part was really fuzzy. But Steve had peeled off the bandages, the wound had been superficial, more of a bad scratch than a bite. Steve had been trying to puzzle through the memory and kept coming up short, had Billy had a gun? It was driving Steve nuts. But then Billy had been, well, Billy, and blew him off and then started pushing his buttons. Steve lost it, he just snapped, and it wasn’t normal.

 

Steve laid back on his bed, he wasn’t tired at all, but it was a good a place as any to think. He closed his eyes and inhaled deeply trying to piece together Saturday night. That’s when he caught a scent. He wrinkled his nose. It was all over him, on his jacket, his hands, what the hell was that. He laid there smelling his hand, and pulled up the front of his sweater breathing deeply. It wasn’t bad, it was, kind of good, but weird. Steve laid there distracted, he replayed the fight in his mind, Billy had punched him twice in the face, and gotten the upper hand and pinned him to the ground.

 


Billy had pinned him to the ground. Sitting on his hips, holding his wrists really tight…


 

Steve realized that was the scent, it was Billy, he also realized he had a hard on? He sat up, his eyes bugging, he felt himself swallowing for air. He stripped off his clothes and took a shower, he had intended just to get the smell off, but his hands seemed to have a mind of their own, he tilted his head down letting the hot water pour over head and down his back and thought about Billy, every detail of him, his stupid pouty mouth, and his ripped physique. Steve wrapped his hands around himself and stroked himself steadily, recalling Billy’s lips close to his ear, the feel of his weight on top of him, the smell of him. Steve remembered in great detail wrapping his arms around Billy, the feel of his body against his, 

before

 he threw him on the ground… It wasn’t long before Steve finished.

 

It was Thursday night, so that meant family dinner. Steve sat at the table restless, he was jogging his knees so hard he was shaking the table, he didn’t even realize it till his father pointed at the vibrating wine of glass with a dry, “Do you mind not shaking the table to pieces?” Steve stopped his knees, and sat up a little straighter, “Sorry.” His mother had made meatloaf, which was pretty low on Steve’s list of favorites, but he ate four slices and would have had another serving if he hadn’t realized both his parents were watching him as he reached for his fifth slice.


“Honey, I didn’t realize you liked meatloaf so much, you can have more if you want.” His mom smiled encouragingly.


“It’s a little late for another growth spurt, but it wouldn’t surprise me.” His father sighed. Steve sat back and picked at his mashed potatoes, “No, I’m good, I think my eyes are too big for my stomach, better not.” He patted his belly and pushed his broccoli around his plate. After dinner he helped load the dishwasher and wolfed down the remaining three slices when his mother wasn’t looking.

 

Steve went up to his room to do his homework, he had a lot to catch up on after missing three days in a row, as soon as he walked in he could smell it again, that unmistakable Hargrove scent, he felt his groin heat at the mere recognition of it. He grabbed his laundry basket and holding his breath ran it downstairs and abandoned it on the washer and ran back upstairs. He could still smell him. He closed his door and opened his windows to the icy night air. His sat deeply breathing in the fresh air and scratched at his arm, he had to talk to Billy.

 

__________________________________________________________________






Billy had thought that once his father was gone, things would be easier and to some degree they already were, but things weren’t done yet, not by a long shot, it was like he was trapped in the shadow of his dead father. Chief Hopper had been by asking a million questions 

twice

, once when Susan had called him on Sunday morning and again a few hours later after the car had been found. Susan was walking around the house lost and puffy eyed and constantly running to the phone or the door hoping it was Neil, which only got worse when the article was published on Thursday morning, suddenly all the neighbors were her new best friends, bringing food and saying not to worry and that Neil would be home soon, or surely he’ll call. Max was no longer allowed out of Susan’s sight, and although it had only been a few days since Sunday it was very obvious that Max was going to go batshit being locked up in the house. Part of him wanted to tell everyone that Neil was dead and not coming back so they could all go fuck off and get on with their miserable lives, but that would require some explanations and serious self incrimination. Driving Max to school Friday morning was almost an escape, aside from the fact that the fucking article in the local paper had everyone looking at him, he didn’t want to be known as the guy with the missing dad, he wanted Neil to be forgotten, forever.

 

On his way to first period he saw Harrington coming down the hall towards him, Billy was bitterly reminded that his father’s legacy was far from gone, it was most likely running through Harrington’s veins at this very moment, festering and flourishing in its new host. Billy was suddenly struck with an intense grief that made him catch his breath, he wished he was wrong, he’d never wanted anything so bad as he did to be wrong about what was about to happen to Steve Harrington in the next twenty-four days.


“Hey.” Steve walked right up to him, Hargrove shook off the feeling of dread and fixed Steve with a bored expression.


“Harrington, don’t you remember what Coleman said? It’s time for grownup behavior, so why don’t you get out of my face.”


“I just need to talk to you.” Steve’s expression had gone from mild to simmering with anger in a flash, the guy that Billy could razz for an entire day of school now had a fuse as long as an eyelash.


“Well, I’ve got two minutes before class, so talk.” Billy started walking to class slowly, as if a casual chat was anything like what Steve wanted.


“Saturday,” Steve said through gritted teeth, “will you stop for a minute.” He grabbed Billy’s arm stopping him dead in his tracks. Billy looked down at Steve’s hand.


“

Don’t

 do that.” Billy used all his concentration to stay calm.


“Then stop walking away from me.” Steve took a long slow inhale trying to calm himself down as he released Billy’s arm.


“After school.” Billy resisted the urge to shake his arm out, he could still feel Steve’s grip. Steve blinked, and took another deep breath, he leaned in a little closer and took a third breath. Billy cocked an eyebrow and watched Steve. 


“After school, Harrington.” Billy glowered.


“Yeah, after school, we’ll um, we’ll talk.” Steve was moving closer still, his eyes soft and big, Steve was fractionally taller and when he was this close it gave Billy a very good view of his full wide curved lips, Billy turned away and walked to class.

 

Steve watched him go, and had to force himself not to follow him, he felt as if his hair was standing on end and ran his hands over his head. 


“Hey, are we having lunch, are you okay?” Nancy had her hand on his shoulder, “You look lost.” She smiled at him amused.


“Yeah, lunch, sounds good, I’m actually really hungry.”


“Well we’ve got a few hours to go.” Nancy smiled warmly looking at Steve with a softly knit brow.


“Are you okay, I know you had that fever, you look…” She didn’t finish, because she didn’t know how to describe how he looked. Steve leaned forward and hugged her, he inhaled deeply and felt, nothing, just a pleasant familiarity, like a smell he’d known for years, but felt nothing much about, like familiar fabric softener, pleasant enough, but not compelling in the least.


“Oh!” She hugged him back gently.


“You’re a really good friend.”


“Thanks.” Nancy patted his back.


“I’ll see you at lunch.” The bell was ringing and they went to their separate classes.

 

As soon as school was out Steve walked to where Billy normally parked only to see him pulling away with Max sitting in the passenger seat. Steve went to his car and was considering following him and possibly running him off the road, which he wouldn’t, because Max was in the car, when he noticed a sheet of paper under his windshield wiper. He plucked it up and knew Billy had left it before he unfolded it, he could smell him on it. He flicked it open.

 


Rossini’s  1AM


 

__________________________________________________________________

 

Steve spotted the Camaro parked in the unlit parking lot of Rossini’s, they’d been closed for hours. He pulled up next to the Camaro and got out of his car. Billy wasn’t in his car. The main drag was quiet, the last show at the Hawk had finished half an hour ago and everything was closed. Steve paced a bit on the the icy asphalt wondering if Billy was going to try and avoid him again, but doubted he was far from his precious car. He scanned the street and saw Billy sitting on the backrest of a bench in front of the hardware store. Billy was illuminated by the flash of his zippo as he ignited a cigarette. Steve crossed the street and walked down the block to meet him, Billy nodded in his direction and took a long drink from a bottle of Jim Beam. He swayed a little on the bench and took a drag on his cigarette.


“I can’t fix it.” Billy announced.


“What?”


“I keep trying to fix my life, and it turns out that I can’t, it’s just permanently fucked, and now yours is too. Sorry, it’s my fault, ‘cause...” Billy trailed off and took another drink.


“How long have you been drinking?”


“Not long enough.” Billy swished the nearly empty bottle and squinted in thought. “I don’t know…” Billy’s frame jumped with a silent hiccup, ”How, to tell you.”


“How to tell me what?” Steve stood about five feet away watching warily, simultaneously yearning to be closer.


“Saturday, I killed my father...”


“Oh shit.” Steve was stunned.


“That’s not the ‘oh shit’ part.” Billy dryly remarked as he stood up, he took a slight sway to the left and then leveled out.


“If you’re joking, if this is bullshit,” Steve pointed at Billy trying to wrap his mind around what Billy was saying.


“Oh, ho, ho, just you listen, it’s gonna get better!” Billy chuckled as he walked over to Steve and threw his arm around him. Steve turned his head away trying not to breathe.


“Okay, okay, I’m listening.” Steve kept his head tilted away, but it wasn’t really working, Billy smelled amazing.


“So, I killed Neil, I shot him, I swear to Gawwd, I shot that shitbag, like five times, you were there, actually, but I don’t think you remember much.” Billy poked Steve in the chest, “Do you remember? It was right when he bit you, that’s when I unloaded my gu-” Billy hiccuped making an odd squeak, “un into him.” 


“What, no. It was a, ah…” Steve searched his memory desperately.


“A werewolf.” Billy took another drink and handed Steve the empty bottle. Steve looked at the bottle and tossed it into a trashcan near the bench, Billy flicked his cigarette into the street. Steve stood there feeling Billy leaning into him, he had the strangest sensation of falling through the earth, all the pieces came back, he knew Billy was telling the truth, or at least he believed he was telling the truth.


“So, there you go, Harrington.” Billy patted Steve’s chest swaying against him and then pushed himself away looking irritated, he pointed at Steve and then at the sky and walked a slow circle till he was facing him again.



“I try, tried to warn you, I told you…” Billy pointed at the waning moon.


“You told me to beware the full moon, like some bad horror film fortuneteller and I’m supposed to know that there’s a, a, 

A WEREWOLF LOOSE IN HAWKINS!

” 


“ ‘S’not like you would have be-”Billy hiccuped again, followed by a small burp, ”-lieved me. Shit.


I couldn’t do it. I couldn’t shoot you.” Billy spread his arms out and dropped them at his sides. Steve’s mind flashed on the memory, he could still hear Billy in the kitchen apologizing over and over. Steve didn’t know how to feel or what to say. 

 

“I’m, aaah, go now.’ Billy made finger guns and weaved away to his car. He pulled his keys out of his hip pocket, and dropped them, picked them up tilted right, then left then straight again. If he didn’t drive off the road and die, he was thinking he’d drive all the way to California and never look back, or at least as far as a full tank of gas and thirty-three dollars would take him. He opened the door and sat down heavily.


Steve materialized out of nowhere holding the door open with one hand and pulling Billy out with a firm grip. 


“

Don’t

, do that.” Billy tried to pull his arm free but it was pointless, Steve’s grip was a vice.


“You’re going to kill somebody.”


“You mean, I’m going to kill somebody 

again

. It’s not a big deal, there’s a ton of people on the planet, aaah ton. Besides in like twenty-three days, you’re going to start killing people too, maybe all of Hawkins. It’s gonna be Roanoak all over again, everyone’s just going to,” Billy flicked his fingers out, “

Poof

, disappear!”  Billy threw his head back and laughed, he took a stumble step and rested against his car. Steve’s chest hurt, his heart was thudding so hard. 


“Werewolves aren’t real.” Steve baulked. Billy cocked his head to one side, and sniffed thoughtfully.


“You look pretty real to me.” 


Steve paced in a half arc and shoved his hands in his hair, demodogs weren’t 

real

 either, werewolves had been in in folklore since the beginning of time, it wasn’t really that much of a stretch of the imagination, not his anyway.


“Why twenty-three days?” Steve looked at Billy.


“‘S’next full moon.” Billy pulled out his crumpled pack of cigarettes and fished out the last smoke, he lit it and leaned on the car, he admonished himself silently, he was a coward, he could shoot Neil, who deserved it, but not Steve Harrington, he just couldn’t, it would have been a mercy. 


“There’s no way, I’m not, it’s not…” Steve looked up at the moon. Billy dove into his car and reached into under the seat.


“You’re too drunk to drive you asshole!” Steve reached over and grabbed Billy by the shoulders pulling him up and out of the car for a second time, this time with more force. Billy spun around with a gun in his hand, Steve could smell the oil, spent gunpowder and even the steel, he slapped the barrel to the left and heard the deafening bang, he flinched away from the sound and the flash emitted from the muzzle, he heard the bullet go through a store window. He grabbed Billy’s wrist and squeezed it making him yelp and drop the gun. Steve emitted a low growl, it stopped almost as quickly as it had started. Billy wasn’t laughing or smiling, or even fighting back, he just sunk to his knees. Steve knelt with him his forehead pressed to his. Steve breathed him in, he could feel the embers of anger in his belly cooling. Billy shook his head and turned away.


“I can’t save you.” 


“Killing me isn’t saving me, dipshit.”


“You won’t think that the day after 

it

 happens. You’re no natural born killer, Harrington.” 


Steve hooked his arms under Billy’s and drew him up till he was on his feet. Billy started to step back, his wrist was throbbing and he was losing his buzz, and that was his last silver bullet. Steve snapped him back by his lapels and kissed him hard, their teeth met and Steve roughly explored Billy’s mouth with his tongue.


“Mmrrgph.” Billy started to protest, but changed his mind and returned the kiss, Steve pressed his back to the car and grabbed a fistfull of Billy’s hair at the nape of his neck, Steve’s other hand landed on Billy’s crotch and groped roughly, Billy rolled into his hand and hooked his an arm around Steve’s neck. Steve nipped at Billy’s bottom lip, pulling and nipping, making it ‘pop’ back against his gums. Billy pulled back for the first time.


“That’s not a good idea.” 


“You don’t like it?” Steve’s wide dark eyes studied Billy’s mouth, and then he tucked his face into Billy’s neck nuzzling forcefully and inhaling deeply, as he wrapped his arm around Billy’s waist pulling him closer tightly, his palm still busily working over Billy’s crotch.


“I didn’t say that…” Steve roved his hands to Billy’s ass squeezed, ”

holy shit

, Harrington.” Steve’s hands traveled south and grabbed the back of Billy’s thighs and lifted him only to tilt him back into the driver’s seat and knelt between Billy’s thighs, he pressed them apart wide settling between his knees and pulled open his button fly. Billy was hard. Steve pressed his face into Billy’s groin and gently tongued the tip tasting and provoking him. Billy’s pressed his fingers into Steve’s dark hair. Steve sucked at the tip and explored down the shaft of his cock, cupped his balls curling long fingers around him. Billy bent over Steve pulling on his hair, it wasn’t long before Billy was lifting his hips, his eyes shut tightly. Steve worked him in his mouth hungrily, when Billy started to sit up Steve caught his gaze and held it, still drawing and sucking and rolling his tongue over him. It was more than Billy could handle, he quickened his hips and came. Steve drew back releasing him and then licked at him. Billy pulled at Steve’s neck pulling him up till their lips met. Steve climbed up him, straddling him and feeling drunk with desire. Billy pressed his lips against Steve’s throat giving him a sucking kiss, his tongue chased over his adam’s apple. Steve pressed his hand over Billy’s throat and lifted his jaw and kissed him opened eyed making Billy flush and duck away, he reached up taking Steve’s hand off his throat. Billy drew a ragged breath.


“Come home with me?” Steve requested and kissed him on the ear and nipped his earlobe.


“What?”


“Come home with me.” 


“I can’t.”


“Can’t or won’t.”


“Wouldn’t your parents notice?”


“We don’t have to do anything, we can be quiet.” Steve insisted and kissed Billy on the lips, and jaw and down his throat.


“I need to go, back to the house.” 


“Were you going to kill me tonight?” 


“I thought so.”


“Are you going to try again?” Steve pulled the collar Billy’s thermal down and bit his collarbone, his lip landed and the chain and it made him jump, there was burning cold pain on his lips where it touched him.


“No.” Billy replied earnestly, “I’m going to go home.” He didn’t know why he was being stubborn.


“Can I come with you?”


“What?”


“Can I follow you home.” Steve was focused and unrelenting, he wanted to be wherever Billy was, he didn’t know why, but it was the only thing he wanted right now, maybe ever.


“Okay, but no more biting and you have to be quiet,” Billy looked at Steve, “you’re coming in the window, Susan’s not been sleeping so you’ll have to be quiet, if Max or Susan hears you,”.


“You’ll shoot me?” Steve suggested.


“Don’t be a smart ass.”


“Okay.” Steve kissed him and slid off him and walked to his car, running his hands over his head feeling pretty damn good despite being shot at and told he was a werewolf. 

 

Billy drove home in a haze, he wasn’t feeling drunk on alcohol anymore, just drunk on Steve. Nothing was going as he planned. He checked his mirror and could see the BMW headlights following closely behind. Billy parked in the driveway and went into the house. Susan was asleep on the couch, the television was buzzing softly with static. Max poked her head out of her room and squinted at Billy.


“Where were you?”


“It’s 3 in the morning go back to bed.” Billy whispered impatiently. 


“I thought you were him…”


“He’s never coming back, Max. Stop worrying and go back to bed.” He pulled off his jacket watching her. 


“How can you be so sure?” She wrinkled her nose at him smelling the whiskey.


“It’s just a gut feeling. Go to bed.”


“Do you think we’ll go back to California?”


“Max, I don’t know. Just go to bed.” Billy pointed to her room.


“Don’t be such a dick.” She turned sharply and shut her door hard. Billy stood still listening to see if Susan had been awakened, a gentle irregular snore came from the couch. Billy stepped into his room, closed the door and locked it. He was about to walk to the window when he nearly bumped into Steve. 


“Shit.” Billy hissed, attempting to hide how startled he was. 


“Hey.” Steve ran his hands over Billy’s shoulders.


“Hi.” If Billy didn’t know better he’d say Steve was looking pretty happy. He reached up catching Steve’s hands, and firmly held them palm to palm, folding them in his.


“You wanted to come over,” Billy whispered as softly as he could, “and now you’re here. We’re going to sleep and then come up with a plan in the morning.” Billy stated with finality.


“Great, good.” Steve’s head nodded vigorously. Billy side eyed him and nodded once. He released Steve’s hands and sat on the bed pulling off his boots. Steve stepped out of his Nike’s and climbed onto one side of the narrow bed.


“You know you’re being weird right?” Billy scolded in a stage whisper.


“I don’t feel weird.” Steve laid back with his hands on his stomach. 


“Right.” Billy hesitantly laid down next to him, he reached over and turned off the lamp. He wasn’t used to sharing a bed. He tried to be still, he was exhausted from all the booze and 

other

 activities. He felt Steve take his hand.


“You're  acting like a coked up Labrador.” Billy groused, he started to withdraw his hand and then felt it guided onto Steve’s exposed cock. Billy cleared his throat, he could hear Steve’s steady breathing. Billy rolled on his side, facing Steve in the dark and stroked him. Their foreheads bumped and they kissed. Billy worked him steadily. Steve threw one knee over Billy’s hips and pulled him close, reached between them and pulled up Billy’s shirt, up and off, stroking his ribs and and back. Steve thrust into Billy’s hands, grunting softly until he came. Billy thought he should push him off the bed, or get up and sleep on the floor himself, but Steve was so warm, and he’d caught Billy up in his arms.


“Don’t get used to this.” Billy menaced, and went to sleep.

 

Billy awoke to the sound of the doorbell, he started to sit up only to find Steve wrapped around him, he threw off Steve’s arm impatiently and leaned down and shoved off his leg. Steve sat up, his hair was leaning piled to one side, and plastered to a cheek. Billy arched an eyebrow looking at him. The doorbell rang again.


“Stay in here, be quiet.” Billy started to get up and Steve reached over running his hand over Billy’s stomach, Billy slapped his hand away and pulled on a shirt and pulled up his jeans, he looked back and pointed at the Steve mouthing 

STAY

  and cracked the door open just enough to slip out into the hallway and shut it firmly behind him. 

 

Steve sat there taking in Billy’s room. It smelled like hairspray and cigarettes and 

Billy

. Steve got up and crept around in his socks, he could hear Susan and another woman’s voice talking in the house. Steve picked up Billy’s pillow and inhaled deeply, and then put it back, and grabbed t-shirt off of the top of the laundry basket and shoved his face into it. It was perfect.

 

Billy went in the kitchen and found Max eating a giant slice of pie for breakfast, he looked at her wondering if he should make her some scrambled eggs or something, and then cut himself a slice and sat down beside her.


“Who’s Susan talking to?”


“Mrs Graham. She brought a lasagna last night, and whatever that is,” Max pointed her fork at a foil covered casserole dish on the counter “this morning.”


“I don’t want to go back to California.” Max said out of nowhere.


“What?” Billy kept his voice low but was surprised.


“I don’t know, now that Neil’s gone, I wonder if we’re going to leave, Susan keeps calling Aunt Evelyn.”


“You’d miss Lucas.” Billy knew he’d hit the nail on the head, but shouldn’t have said it outloud.


“I have 

friends

 here, you know, I know it’s hard for you to imagine what that’s like, and don’t tell me Tommy and those other douchebags are your friends, because they’re not, they’re just jerks that like hanging around with other jerks, like you.” Max shoved back her chair and stomped out of the kitchen. Billy puffed out a breath and continued eating his slice of pie. He needed to think about how to smuggle Steve out of the house and what the hell they were going to do about the next full moon. Susan came in the room looking like a ghost with Mrs Graham behind her.


“Good morning.” Mrs Graham’s voice was full of warmth which Billy found strangely ghoulish, what was she so happy about, for al she knew Susan was widow. 


“Morning.” Billy got a second slice of pie and loaded it onto his plate and walked out of the kitchen, he could hear Susan babbling about Neil and the clink of the coffee mugs as she pulled them from the cupboard. The house was going to be grand central station, it was Saturday and as of tomorrow Neil would be missing for a solid week. He had to get Steve out. Billy walked into his room and found Steve dressed and sprawled comfortably on top of the made bed. Steve sat up, with a sleepy smile.


“I love apple pie.” Steve stood up and walked over and took the plate out of his hands and snatched the fork and went and sat lotus on the bed and started eating, it was gone in four fork loads. Billy watched him and chewed his bottom lip in thought, Steve could smell the cold pie and knew what it was before he really even saw it. Billy rested against his bedroom door. Steve had tidied the room a bit, maybe as just a way to hide that he’d been poking around. 


“Were you snooping?” Billy asked tersely.


“Nope, just thought, you know since I was stuck in here.” Steve got up with the plate and walked over to Billy. “Is there more?”


“Yeah, but I can’t go back in the kitchen right now. You’ve got to go.”


“I thought we were going to come up with a plan?” Steve rested the empty plate and fork on the ledge of Billy’s dresser. His hands went to Billy’s hips and up his waist. Billy rolled his eyes and pushed Steve’s hands off. 


“Well we can’t do it here, everyone keeps coming around and checking on Susan. You go home, I’ll come by your place tonight. I got stuff I got to do.”


“What time?’


“I don’t know, six.” Billy didn’t have a plan, he just needed to figure something out.  When they left California it was so Neil could find somewhere less crowded and easier to hunt in, Susan and Max had never known, Neil had covered it up as monthly benders. Billy’s thoughts were interrupted by Steve pawing at him, wrapping his hands up his sides and around his back pulling him into his arms, kissing his neck.


“Harrington, you’ve got to go.” Billy said weakly.


“Now?” Steve murmured, he kissed Billy’s neck and jumped a little hissing, and licking his bottom lip.


“It’s the silver, idiot.” Billy firmly pushed Steve away.


“Oh.” Steve touched his bottom lip carefully, “I guess I’ve got a lot to learn.” Steve chuckled, he’d not been in such a good mood for months. He knew he shouldn’t be, but he just was.


“Go home.” Billy walked around him and opened the window, he poked his head out looking up and down the street.


Steve walked up behind him and casually stroked Billy’s ass. Billy reached back and slapped his hand away, pulling himself out of the window. 


“Now’s good. No one’s outside.” Billy stepped back from the window.


“Okay, see you at six.” Steve stepped into Billy and caught his face and kissed his lips, the corner of his mouth, and licked at his lip and continued, it wasn’t long before Billy was returning it, his lips parted their tongues meeting again tasting of apple pie. Steve had him wrapped up in his arms again. There was a knock on the front door, in the back of Billy’s mind he knew this meant more visitors. He ruefully pried himself apart from Steve.


“Go on, get.” He pushed Steve in the chest.


“Okay.” Steve stroked Billy’s arm, and Billy pulled his arm away, Harrington was like a goddamned octopus.

 

__________________________________________________________________






Steve got home and bounded up the stairs, he nearly bowled his father out of the way.


“Where were you all night?” His father sounded amused more than anything else, Steve had been moping around and looking miserable for months.


“Out with friends, sorry.”


“Just remember to leave a note when you’re going to be out late, I know you’re an adult, but your mother worries.”


“Will do.” Steve bounded up the rest of the stairs and closed himself in his room, and then turned around and went down the stairs (passing his father) and into the kitchen, he made pancakes, eggs, bacon, toast, and heated up some potatoes from last night’s dinner, and made coffee and poured himself some orange juice. He devoured everything plus some cold chicken. 

 

After breakfast Steve went for a six mile run, shoveled the driveway, polished his car and his parents car, washed his laundry, cleaned his room, and made a two sandwich lunch, with chips, and an apple, and some slightly stale chocolate-chip cookies he found at the back of the pantry for dessert. As he loaded the dishwasher he turned to see his mother observing him.


“Hey!”


“Honey, you’re so, so energetic today.”


“Yeah, I guess I beat that flu or whatever it was.” Steve nodded, I think I’m a werewolf mom and it feels really great, was not something he thought he should say. 


“Where were you last night?”


“Out with a friend.” Steve smiled, he didn’t know if they were friends, Billy had tried to kill him again, after all. Just the thought of Billy made Steve grin. 


“Are you seeing someone, eh, special, honey?”


“No, nooo, nu-uh.” Steve, “Gotta take a shower, I went for a run earlier, don’t want to get sick again.” Steve zipped out of the room.

 

Steve took a scalding hot shower, and took his time getting dressed and with his hair, he wanted to look his best, after all. He was ready for Billy by 4:45. 

 

Steve heard the sound of the Camaro at 6:15, and went careening down the stairs and out the front door, down the driveway and pulled open the passenger side door before Billy could put the car in park, pulled the door shut.


“Hey.” Steve inhaled deeply his eyes as bright as pennies.


“Hey.” Billy looked away, hiding a smile, he still had no idea what they were going to do, and Steve was, Steve was acting very, very weird. Billy drove towards the main strip and snuck glances at Steve who settled into his seat but was looking out the window and watching the world go by with a half smile, his lips parted in something like wonder. Billy changed his mind and headed out to the highway, empty roads and a long drive sounded ideal to him right now. He’d talked Susan into having him drop off Max at the arcade and had sat in the parking lot reading old occult and mythology books he’d stolen from the libraries in California, he’d kept them hidden from Neil, Neil would have sussed out Billy’s plans immediately. 


“Here’s what I know.” Billy started slowly. Steve turned in his seat giving Billy his full attention, Billy kept  his eyes on the road.


“Next full moon, you’re turning, that’s in twenty-two days. We’ll find a spot in the woods, might need to figure out how to keep you in one place, or if not that than just away from people. There’s not really a cure for it other than death or finding the origin of the curse. I have no idea who or what,” Billy didn’t know what to call it, an infection, a virus, a curse, “or how Neil got to be that way, I don’t think it’s genetic or I’d be one too. We’ve just got to keep a low profile, try not to act weird, just be normal and don’t tell anyone. Keep a low profile. Be cool, okay?” 


“Yeah.” 


“Just tell your folks you’re going camping.”


“Mmkay.”


“Are you listening to me, Harrington?” Billy reached into his jacket pocket fishing for cigarettes, he looked at Steve whose face had a very thoughtful expressions.


“I’m hungry, let’s get some chili fries.”


“Sure.” Billy flipped the car around on the highway, crossing a double yellow and the sped back towards Hawkins, he lit his cigarette and turned on the stereo blasting them with music.

 

__________________________________________________________________

 

The following Monday Steve had ceased to walk, now he bounced, skipped and occasionally  levitated, or at least that’s what it felt like, like he was a live wire and everything smelled amazing, the nights were beautiful and he loved running, running everywhere, anywhere. He’d started with six miles on Saturday afternoon, done nine on Sunday and he was planning on doing twelve after school. He didn’t spot Billy in the halls at school but he could tell when he’d walked through them recently, his scent lingered, and enticed Steve to follow, but he remembered that Billy told him to ‘be cool,’ but he didn’t want to be cool. He didn’t care if he was being weird, but he had to think hard about what it was to be normal, to act as if nothing had happened, or as if he wasn’t feeling electrified. At lunch he sat with Nancy and Jonathan, he cracked jokes and chattered nonstop.


“You’re really, chipper.” Nancy said between laughing and sipping her soda, she and Jonathan exchanged looks. Steve sat back and shrugged.


“Got good sleep and I’m over my cold, you know I’m bouncing back or whatever.” Steve was spinning a pencil in his fingers and watched as it was launched across the table over Jon’s head.

“Whoops, I got it.” Steve sprang up darted over and grabbed it off the floor, “You know I’m still hungry, think I’ll hit the vending machine.” Steve put his sunglasses on and walked out of the cafeteria, he could just hear Jon whisper in Nancy’s ear “Is he doing coke?” Steve realized he was royally failing at being cool or normal, but he couldn’t feel bad about it, he felt too good. He went out and headed to the bleachers, it was cold and there weren’t more than a dozen people or so out on the field, he watched a frisbee game between a trio of kids. He thought about running up and down the bleachers to burn off some steam, and then wondered which shoes he should wear for his run tonight, the ground was still icy and he might eat it in his Nike’s. He decided to head back inside, the vending machine excuse had made him want a twinkie, that’s when Billy’s scent wafted out from under the bleachers and someone else’s too. Steve followed his nose and went straight to Billy, he saw him and Vicki sitting side by side, Billy was licking a slim joint and started rolling it. Both of them looked up seeing Steve at the same time. Vicki blushed and leaned into Billy.

“Harrington.” Billy lit up and took a long toke and held the joint to Vicki, she took a little puff inexpertly and smiled, her eyes tearing, and then coughed delicately. Steve watched her till she looked away.


“Come on, take a hit.” Billy was watching him, his bright blue eyes were tired, although his tone and posture were deceptively relaxed Steve could tell he was feeling anxious, possibly about him, Billy took the joint out of Vicki’s fingers and held it up to Steve. Steve looked at it, the thought of Vicki’s mouth having been on it made him reluctant.


“Fine, I’m just being polite, there’s not much to go around.” Billy’s took another long hit, flicked some ash off and held it out to Vicki. Steve stepped forward and took the joint, it was more than half burned down, and took a lung full, his eyes locked on Billy’s. Billy nodded and exhaled slowly. Vicki watched them both and then looked down at her watch. 


“Shit, I’m going to be late.” She got up and stroked Billy’s hair from the top of his head to nape of his neck. “See you in French class.” She walked around Steve, “Bye, Steve.” She mumbled. Billy waited till he knew she was out of hearing distance.


“You’re going to freak people out staring them down like that, you don’t want to start fights, not that Vicki’s going to fight you, but some of the guys might, and you might,” Billy shrugged, he took the joint out of Steve’s fingers and took another drag, and with the joint in his lips made a snapping gesture with his hands, “kill someone on accident.”


“I’m not going to get in a fight.” 


“If she’d been a dude, you would have.” Billy crushed the last of the joint under his heel. Steve walked over and sat down next to him on an upturned milkcrate that had been ‘borrowed’ from cafeteria. He leaned over and inhaled, Billy leaned away a little.



“I know what you’re doing, Harrington.” Billy sounded irritated.


“You smell good.” Steve said plainly.


“Nah, you’re checking on me. Neil did the same thing. He wanted to make sure I wasn’t…”


“Wasn’t what?”


“Messing around with guys.” Billy lit a cigarette attempting to mask the pot smoke with tobacco.


“I’m not…” Steve 

had

 been trying to see if Billy and Vicki had been messing around, he 

was

 checking on him, “do you like Vicki?” Steve shifted on his corner of milkcrate, it was hard for him to be still these days.


“Why, are you jealous?” Billy looked at him coolly. 


“Yes.” admitted Steve.


“Well don’t go biting her throat out or anything, you’re going to have to keep yourself in check.” Billy stood up, Steve stood as well, he didn’t want Billy to go.


“You do smell good.” Steve said softly, shoegazing. Billy put his hand on the back of Steve’s neck and pulled him into a kiss. Steve kissed him back and wrapped his arms around him and ran his hands down his back and grabbed at his cheeks and up his back and into Billy’s hair. Billy pushed Steve back, it took a bit more effort than he’d expected.


“Jesus Harrington. You’re an animal.” Steve could hear Billy’s soft chuckling as he walked out from under the bleachers and wanted to chase him and tackle him and do other things but a PE class had arrived on the field.

 

Steve ran twenty miles that night, instead of the originally planned twelve. Billy had been right, he needed to keep himself in check. He was a different person now, at least in some ways. He had boat loads of energy, wanted to eat twenty four seven, and if it wasn’t for school he might have just decided to be nocturnal, he loved the night now, he’d always enjoyed it, but now all he wanted to was to be out late roving the woods, fearless and curious of the world. After the brief encounter under the bleachers Steve had to force himself not to seek out Billy, especially at school. All these people around made Steve feel anxious, and some days he 

wanted

 to fight, even if Billy wasn’t around. Basketball was out of the question, to avoid it Steve joined the track team. There’s no way he could handle Billy being that close to him, and if one of other guys got that close to Billy on the court, Steve was afraid of what he might do. 

 

The closer they got to the full moon the more anxious both of them became. They hadn’t seen much of each other over last two and a half weeks. Billy wondered if Steve had lost his taste for him or maybe found someone else as an outlet or whatever Billy was to him. 

 

Steve had been running past Billy’s house nightly on his 25 mile runs, he didn’t permit himself to stop, but he always felt better seeing Billy’s car, and sometimes he’d catch his scent. 


__________________________________________________________________

 

The day of the Full Moon Steve woke up feeling awful. He had muscle cramps in his arms and legs and a migraine. For the first time in weeks he didn’t roll out of bed ready to take on the world. He turned off his alarm clock and coiled up tightly. He didn’t mean to but he fell back asleep. The sound of someone leaning on his doorbell startled him awake. 


“What?” He snapped, as if the person ringing his doorbell could hear him. He practically fell out of bed and trudged downstairs, he could feel himself getting angry, he tried breathing evenly, didn’t matter. He wrenched open the front door. 



“Where have you been?!” Billy was there, smoking, he looked Steve up and down, “What’s wrong with you? It’s a quarter after three, I’ve been waiting since two, Harrington.”


“Nothing’s wrong with me I was asleep, I feel like I’m dying.”


“You’re not dying.”  Billy tossed his cigarette in the snow and let himself in the house. All the anger had drained out of Steve and he just wanted to lay on the ground and die. His bones were hurting, every joint gave him a sharp pain when he moved, he was starting to shake.


“Shit, we really needed that time on the road. Where’s your room?”


“Upstairs.” Billy put his hand on Steve’s back and steered him up the stairs. Steve pointed to the door of his room and Billy ushered him in. 



“Get dressed, don’t wear anything you’ll miss.” Billy sat down on the bed and folded his arms, “Now Harrington, we gotta go, sun’s down after five-thirty, and I have no idea when the moon rises, this isn’t an exact science.”


“Yeah, got it.” Steve pulled open a drawer and pushed aside Billy’s t-shirt that he’d stolen, he looked at Billy over his shoulder making sure he hadn’t noticed. Steve peeled off the shirt he’d been sleeping in a grabbed a fresh sweatshirt. Billy’s lips parted as he watched Steve’s shoulders move, the rise and fall of his shoulder blades and the curve of his spine right before it became his neck. Steve pulled the sweater on robbing Billy of his view. Steve was moving too slow, Billy got up and paced. Steve sat on his bed and pulled on some heavy boots and started to pull at the laces.


“You don’t have to do this, I mean, I could drive myself.” Steve was starting to feel afraid, for himself and for Billy. 


“Bullshit, you can’t even tie your shoes right now.” Billy knelt and grabbed Steve’s foot and rested it on his knee and tied his boot for him and then slapped his foot away and tied the other one. Billy stood up and pulled Steve on his feet.


“Come on, let’s go.” Billy hustled Steve out of the house and into the Camaro. Billy looked at the sky and got on the highway going south, the original plan had been to go to a state park that would be empty this time of year, but Billy didn’t think they’d make the drive. 

 

Billy drove with a map in his lap, the red line he’d drawn on the map led to the state park, but they’d been speeding down the highway for forty-five minutes and the sun wasn’t setting any slower. Steve was quiet and pale, sometimes he’d twist in his seat, tensing and grimacing, other times he’d just stare out the window. Billy had the stereo on low, his eyes darted between the map, Steve and the road vanishing beneath his car. The sun would vanish behind a tree line and reappear. Billy threw the map in the back seat, it was too dark to see all the tiny side roads. Billy took a chance and went off on the next small road, hoping it wouldn’t lead to private property or worse, turn him around and connect him to some little bumpkin town. They bounced along the dirt road and startled a small herd of Whitetail deer. Steve sat up a little watching them bound away from the headlights. Billy slowed down when he saw a small body of water ahead of him. He parked the car and cut the engine. Steve unlocked the door and got out, he sat on the ground shivering. He heard Billy get out on the driver’s side and come around, he threw a heavy blanket around Steve’s shoulders.


“Do you still have that gun?” Steve was shaking and sweating now and his eyes looked black in the dusk light.


“Yeah.”


“Is it loaded?”


“Yeah.” Billy lied.


“Let’s stick to the plan.” Steve stuttered and clenched his arms around himself. Billy wrapped his arm around him tightly holding the blanket to him. He didn’t answer. The plan had been to leave Steve in the middle of the small state park, it was only a six mile square but it had been the biggest place they could think of that would be unpopulated, and if Steve did cross paths with a forest ranger, well then so be it. But now that Billy was faced with leaving Steve alone in an unknow patch of wilderness, he couldn’t. He held tightly onto Steve, he hadn’t stopped Neil in time. Billy was tired of Neil fucking up his life, that shithead was still doing damage from beyond the grave. Steve continued to shiver and twitch, he stayed coiled, tightly wrapped in Billy’s arms.


“You better go soon.” Steve was breathing hard. Billy looked up and could see the stars and a small pail coin of a moon peeking through the sparse tree tops.

 

Steve felt his chest burning with every breath, he was practically panting. He could hear a low growling getting louder and then fading away and every time it grew louder it was a little bit louder than before, a little closer. The moonlight was illuminating the whole forest, it was like day to night.


“Billy, are you seeing this?” Steve didn’t know if Billy answered, or if he was there, he had to be gone, that was the plan. There was that growling again, moving closer and louder, and louder. Steve felt panicked, his heart was going to explode out his chest and the night was blinding him. The forest was loud, with crackling and fluttering. Steve twisted to face Billy, he was still there, he was still holding onto him. Billy was pale, his blue eyes wide, his pupils pooling. Steve couldn’t make sense of anything, he thought he might be hallucinating.





 __________________________________________________________________






Steve awoke with a cough and a start, his mouth and throat were dry. He pushed himself up on his hip he rubbed his face, he looked at his hands and saw they were covered in blood and dirt, his nails caked with mud. He ran his hands over his chest and noticed it was as filthy as his hands. The mud had enormous paw prints all around him, as if a stampede of goliath wolves had ran around him all night. Steve turned his head sharply left to right. Almost directly behind him, laying on his side was Billy, his back was to him, his wheat colored hair tangled with leaves and earth, his denim jacket muddied. Steve crawled over and shook his shoulder, fearing the worst. Billy jolted awake and sat up, he grabbed Steve’s arm. 


“Shit! Are you hurt, did I attack you?” Steve grabbed Billy’s face and turned it left to right, Billy slapped his hands away.



“I’m fine.” His voice was hoarse and he looked pissed off but other than that fine.


 You don’t look hurt. Why is there a dead stag on your Camaro? Did it happen? You were supposed to leave, or shoot me, I’m really glad you didn’t shoot me.” Steve sat back laughing a little hysterical. Billy got on his knees and crawled forward a bit. 


“Hey, hey, hey, cool it, calm down, shh, shush.” He put an around Steve’s shoulders and pulled him to his chest, he pat Steve’s head uncertainly. “You’re okay, I wasn’t going to shoot you, and I couldn’t… I couldn’t leave you out here by yourself, it’s my fault you’re even like this.” 


“You’re not the one that bit me, you saved my life remember.” Steve leaned into Billy, he was tired and sore, but not like he’d been the day before. 


“What if he was looking for you because of me?” Billy got up and walked to the car, he popped the trunk and pulled out a duffle bag he walked back and dropped it next to Steve.


“There’s some clothes in there, just you know, for the ride home.” Billy fished into his jacket pocket and pulled out a pack of cigarettes, he looked inside, it was empty, he crumpled it and pitched it into the trunk.


“Guess I’m outta smokes,” He looked at Steve who was still sitting on the ground. “Are you going to stay there all day?” Billy shoved his hands in his pockets.


“What do you mean he was looking for me?”


“I don’t know he might not have been.”


“You said, what if he was looking for me, because of you?”


“He’d noticed your scent on me. I told him it was nothing, it was just from gym. He never said he was going after you. I don’t even think he knew your name, maybe he didn’t, maybe he just tracked you from your scent. You might understand that better than I would, now that you’re, what you are.” 

 

Billy walked over to his car and pulled open the driver’s door, he glanced at the dead stag on his hood and sighed, he dug around in the glove box and checked under his seat looking for an extra pack.

 

Steve got up from the ground, he was filthy, and very naked. He tugged over to the duffle bag and pulled out a pair of oil stained jeans and red T-shirt with Venice Beach printed on the chest, under that was a black zip up hoodie and a coat that smelled like someone other than Billy. He toed the bag away and started dressing in what he pulled out. He could feel his temper rising, it was like someone was filling his stomach with lava and it was rising and rising. He remembered the night before he’d been attacked, thinking he’d seen something in the back yard, and the night of the attack Billy trying to warn him about moon.

 

“Why didn’t you tell me your dad was going to kill me?!” In a flash Billy was thrown onto the hood next to the dead stag, the wind was totally knocked out of him, he gasped two rasping breaths and punched Steve in the throat as hard as he could. Steve stepped back coughing. Both of them were coughing and gasping for a solid minute. 


“You, wouldn’t have believed me,” Billy had to break off from his yelling to cough several times, “my father is going to try and kill you because he thinks we’re boning and I’m going to tell you his dirty secrets, is about as easy to believe as, hey did you know my old man’s a werewolf? Fuck you!”


“Fuck you, Hargrove!” Steve retorted, but he didn’t make a move, he’d recovered from the punch to the throat much faster than Steve had from being tossed onto the hood of his car. Steve gestured to the gutted stag.


“Why is that on your car?”


“I don’t know, you put it there!” Billy grabbed it by the antlers and started yanking it off the hood, it wasn’t that big, but it was dead weight and it took a couple tugs before it flopped onto the dirt with a thump.


“I did?” Steve walked over looking at, he made a face of distaste.


“I’m not the one covered in blood.” Billy looked at Steve in his old clothes, He looked like some of the homeless kids that used to hang out at the beaches, Billy had to chuckled at the absurdity of it all. 


“Oh.” Steve nodded and rubbed his palms on the borrowed jeans, “Is it on my face?” Steve walked over to the rearview mirror and was relieved to just find more dirt and not a ring of gore around his mouth. He looked at Billy who was grinning at him and laughing.


“You think this funny?” Steve smiled unable not laugh to himself.


“No. I think it’s fucked up, and that’s kind of funny, when things are you know, this fucked.”


“irreversibly fucked?” Steve offered.


“F.U.B.A.R.” Billy nodded. 


“Let’s get out of here. Where are my boots?” Steve looked around for his hiking boots.


“No idea.” Billy scanned the ground. The mist was fairly thick, the woods were still sleepy and quiet, the sun hidden behind a veil of atmosphere and trees it was hard to see the ground beyond a few yards. Steve grabbed the blanket Billy had wrapped him in, it was covered in blood and earth, there were long tears in the fabric, he dropped back on the ground.


“Come on.” Billy got in the car, Steve got in the passenger seat.


“I’m sorry about,” Steve gestured at the hood, “the stag and throwing you on the hood.”


“You got a temper Harrington.” Billy side eyed him with a cool expression and started laughing as he started the car. Steve shrugged and pulled the hood over his head and  nearly down to his nose, he smirked watching Billy, he liked hearing him laugh, and loved watching him smile. Billy wound his way back onto the main highway, it had been a very long night, he was tired and relieved and he could feel Steve watching him, which was nice.

 

__________________________________________________________________

 

Billy pulled over in front of Steve’s house, all the lights were still off and it was a little after six in the morning. 


“Come by tonight.” Steve said.



“I’ll try. I got to keep an eye on Susan, she’s being hysterical. I mean, I don’t give a shit about her, but Max, you know, she’s got to have someone on her side.” Billy tapped the steering wheel not looking at Steve.


“Come by late, I’ll be awake.”


“Yeah, maybe.”


“Just come.” Steve insisted softly, he crawled over to Billy’s side of the car and kissed him, he pulled on the lapels of his jacket, and kissed him again, turning his head and parting his lips, pressing his tongue over Billy’s parted lips, Billy leaned closer returning the kiss. Billy put his hand on Steve’s head and pushed him away.


“Get out of my car. I’ll see you later.” 

 

It was close to two in the morning when Steve heard Billy outside, he could hear the Camaro’s engine as it came up the road. Billy had just shut the car door when Steve wrapped his arms around him and kissed the side of his neck, Billy’s body jolted and he let out a huff of air.


“Harrington, you can’t do that.” Billy pushed his arms off. 


“It’s two in the morning, who’s going to see?” Steve relinquished his hold reluctantly. 


“Maybe no one, maybe someone with a big mouth, but I was talking about is you sneaking up on me.” Billy folded his arm and ran a hand over where Steve had kissed him.


“I won’t do it anymore.” Steve lied.


“Look at you, all bright eyed and bushy tailed.”


“So, what happened last night?”


“You changed.”


“I know, but I didn’t maul you, I thought that’s what happened when people transformed, like they went beserk.”


“That’s what I thought too, Neil said he killed one to three people a month, maybe he was full of shit.”


“What did I do?”


“You changed, or started to and then you just ran. I didn’t see you for maybe an hour and a half and then you came back with a dead deer.”


“Shit.”


“No shit.”


“I didn’t try to hurt you?”


“If you had I’d be dead, you’re…”


“I’m what?”


“A werewolf.” Billy stated. 


“Like, how, like 

An American Werewolf in London

?” Steve looked a little ill at the thought.


“Nah, not like that. I would have shit myself.”


“Then how?”


“Like a wolf, a timber wolf or I don’t know, a really big wolf, not a monster-wolf, or a wolfman. Just a really big wolf, same as Neil used to turn into.”


“Huh. What happened after the deer?” 


“You grabbed the blanket and tore it up, and ran around in circles for a bit.” Billy smiled remembering, “ I told you, you act like a coked up labrador.”


“No.”


“You kept running away and then reappearing, you had rabbit at one point, I think you ate it.”


“Raw?” Steve recalled coughing when he woke up, he wondered if he’d had a bit of rabbit stuck in his throat. “That disgusting.”  Steve looked at Billy, he had his arms folded around himself looking cold. 


“Come inside.” Steve reached over and placed his hand on Billy’s, then let go and pressed his hands in his pockets. It was hard, not to to touch him, not to pull on him and lean into him, but he wanted to give Billy his space. Billy looked at the house and walked to the front without a word.

 

Billy walked around Steve’s room, he’d been in it before but never had time to look around. It was very tidy, and expensive looking, like Steve’s car, and a little bit boring, it wasn’t like Steve, it was the way his parents wanted him to be, Billy concluded. 


“Why are you smiling?” Steve whispered, he was leaning on his bedroom door watching Billy inspect the room. Billy just shrugged. He sat down on the bed and pulled off his jacket, and threw it on the floor. Billy toed off his boots. Billy folded his hands behind his head and laid back with his ankles crossed looking like he owned the place. Steve felt a nervous thrill just watching him. 


“So that was it, I ran off and came back as a, really big wolf with a deer,”


“That you dumped on my hood, looking rather smug about it.”


“I killed Bambi and draped him on your car, right, and then ran around in circles, and ate a rabbit?” Steve sat down on the side of the bed, he was looking in the middle distance trying to remember, “That’s it, I mean for the whole night? Why were you asleep on the dirt, why not get in your car?”


“I tried to, but then you started trying to crawl in the car with me, and that seemed like a bad idea.”


“So you slept on the dirt, to keep me company?”


“Not exactly on the dirt, I slept next to you. I used you like a giant pillow.” Billy smiled squinting at Steve.


“I slept with you?”


“You slept next to me, it sounds fucking kinky when you say you slept 

with

 me.” Billy laughed amused. Steve reached over and covered his mouth.


“Shhh!” But then Steve started laughing too, and covered his mouth with his other hand. Billy pushed Steve’s hand away and turned to the pillow laughing into it. A fit of the giggles came over the both of them, and the more one shook with laughter the harder it was for the other one not to laugh. Billy sat up and grabbed Steve around the waist and threw him on his back on the bed and kissed him until they both stopped laughing. Billy came up for air, his eyes twinkling, Steve raised his brows watching him, “Your eyes sparkle.” 


“Shut the fuck up.” Billy snickered as color rose in his cheeks.


“Nah, you’re not the boss of me.”


“Aren’t I?”


“What, no. Maybe.” It was Steve’s turn to squirm feeling shy.


“Well am I or aren’t I?” Billy laid his weight on top of Steve and planted a drawing kiss on his jaw.


“I’m, I, I mean, no one’s the boss of anyone.” Steve tilted his jaw giving Billy easier access.


“Hm.” Billy moved in closer to Steve’s earlobe and pulled up at the waist of Steve’s sweater. Steve lifted his arms and sat up as he was stripped of his sweater and t-shirt. He laid back watching as Billy took off his button down and thermal shirt, he added them to floor next to his jacket. He sat up straddling Steve’s hips. Steve clenched his jaw and inhaled deeply through his nose.


“You smell amazing.”


“You’re such a freak.” Billy’s tone teasing and gentle. 


“You like it.” Steve ran his hands up Billy’s ribs and down his stomach. Billy reached down and undid his fly and peeled off his jeans and briefs. Steve pulled off his sneakers and stripped his eyes on Billy the whole time. Steve laid on his side, propping his head up on his palm, Billy laid down beside him, propped on his elbow mirroring his posture. Steve smiled and rolled back pulling Billy on top.


“Sit up.” Steve said, pulling at and squeezing at his hips, and lifting him slowly till he was  straddling Steve. Billy swallowed watching Steve Below him, his eyes closed, lips parted, they were both hard. 


“I want you, like this.” Steve’s voice was nearly inaudible.


Billy”s heart was racing, he pressed his palms over Steve’s chest feeling the echo of the other boy’s heart. Steve reached over to his bedside table and pulled it open, Billy looked in the drawer, there was a small lump of silver, a walkman and bottle of lube, he picked up the bottle of lube and poured a generous amount in is palms, it was cold and smelled faintly like a woman’s perfume, he rubbed his palms together with nervous energy, and reached between them, lifting himself on his knees and started working Steve’s cock, he squeezed gently at the base and pulled up to the head and down again, rolling his thumb over the tip. Steve arched and rolled into his hand. Billy shifted above him. Steve moved very slowly, he squeezed Billy’s hips and cheeks making Billy gasp, Billy gripped Steve’s wrists.


“Fuck.” Billy complained, shifted uneasily and pressed himself closer. Steve rolled up nudging inside, it was slow at first, but it wasn’t long before they found their rhythm. Billy dictated the pace, riding Steve, as he worked himself. They fucked wordlessly, only the sound of their breathing filled the room. When Steve released he turned his head and growled and groaned into the pillow, he felt the heat of Billy’s cum over his stomach. Billy pressed his fingers up Billy’s stomach following the dark line of sparse hair. Steve sat up and pulled him into a kiss. 


“You smell so good.” Steve whispered.


“Freak.” Billy kissed Steve’s lips several times over. They cocooned themselves in each other and Steve’s comforter, it wasn’t till the sun was rising that they were both sated and sleeping.

 

Billy awoke to the sound of Steve’s stomach grumbling. He opened his eyes, and sat up slowly. He was sore. He poked Steve’s belly, mercilessly. 


“Oof!”


“You’re a bottomless pit, Harrington.” Billy laid back and smirked at Steve, his eyes brimming with a secret smile.


“What are you smiling about? I can’t help it if my metabolism has gone haywire.” Steve rubbed his stomach. 


“Who’s smiling?”


“You are.” 


“Don’t you like my smile?” Billy flashed a panty melter grin.


“Does that work on all the ladies?”


“I don’t know, did it work on you?”


“Fuck off.” Steve laughed, and pulled Billy closer.


“Shh.” 


“Oh they’re gone, they left an hour ago.” Steve had been awake for a few hours. It was Friday morning, which meant Mom had her weekly hen party breakfast and dad was at work so he had the whole house to himself, and Billy too.


“Thanks.” Steve said out of the blue. Billy kept silent, wondering what the hell Steve was thanking him for.


“Thanks for sticking with me, for helping me survive what I’ve become. It wasn’t your fault you know, it was Neil’s. You didn’t have to do that, I could have attacked you or killed you or something.” Steve reached over brushed Billy’s lips with his thumb. 


“I’m not going anywhere.” Billy said matter of factly.


“I don’t want you to.”


“Good.”


“Are you and Vicki, you know,” Steve felt himself blushing hard for even bringing her name up but he wanted to know, he cleared his throat, “going steady, or whatever?” 


“I think you would know if we were.” Billy replied.


“I guess.”


“She likes me. We messed around, but it’s not serious. I told her we weren’t going to be serious, I’m not a total douchebag.” Billy looked uncertain, his features softening lost in thought. Steve kissed him gently.


“Would you go steady with me?” 



“You’re an idiot.” Billy said flatly. Steve looked crushed and Billy kissed him and brushed Steve’s hair back from his face, “You’re an idiot for asking. Jesus, Harrington. Yes, let’s go steady.”


“Alright.”Steve smiled.


“Just you know, don’t maul anyone. You’ve got to learn to keep yourself in check.” Billy was very serious and even sounded a little worried.


“I will.” Steve cuddled him closely.


“You’re an animal, Harrington.”




Dark Side of the Moon
Chapter Summary
Phase Two. Steve's second full moon is coming, Neil's corpse is discovered and Steve isn't the only monster in the woods.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Steve and Billy were leaned against the side of Steve’s BMW. Their lunch was rested on top of the trunk, a large pizza box from Rossini’s with more than half of its contents missing was between them. The ground was slushed with melted snow and the air sharp. Billy lit up a cigarette, he’d put away three slices of Pizza and was content. He watched, amused, as Steve picked up his sixth slice, folded it in half and started wolfing it down from the tip of the slice to the crust. Steve was a machine where it came to food, his deceptively lean frame hid the secret of an enormous appetite. Steve swore he hadn’t always been like that, if Billy teased him about it Steve would get moody and self conscious, so Billy just observed as Steve desolated anything edible ever set in front of him.  Steve looked at Billy and smiled, still chewing, he covered his mouth and asked, “What?” Billy shrugged and laughed softly, he shook his head and frowned lightly.
“Nothing.” Billy looked in the distance forcing his face to relax, sometimes Steve just delighted him, it was heady and weird to feel that good just being around someone. 
“What are you laughing at?” Steve wiped his mouth, checking with his fingertips for errant sauce.
“Nothing.” Billy pulled back the lid and watched Steve grab another piece, fold it and repeat the magic-disappearing-pizza-slice trick all over again. 
“So, it was a good game?” Steve inquired between bites, he grabbed the can of Coke and took a sip, Billy took it from him and took a drink too and rested it on the trunk.
“Yeah.” It had been, Billy had played well, but he didn’t want to brag about it, well he did, but wouldn’t. Beating the Carterville team had felt better than winning a practice match, Carterville had been holding the regional championship for three years according Steve, not so anymore.
 
Billy shivered, he still wasn’t used to Indiana’s winter weather, he folded his arms around himself.
“You want to get in the car? I could run the heater, warm you up?” 
“Nice try.” Billy laughed and took a drag of his cigarette, he saw that Steve had started on another slice of pizza. Steve looked at him innocently.
“You look cold.”
“It’s like twenty degrees out here, I’m freezing, but I’m not getting in your car, Harrington. You know what’ll happen if I do.”
“Is that so bad?”
“No, but I’ve got to go, I have to pick up Max.”
Steve sighed and slouched, he thoughtfully worked on the crust of his pizza.
“What about later tonight?”
“What about it?”
“Well, maybe I could swing by.”
“Okay, but not till ten and don’t be early.”
“Okay.” Steve nodded in agreement and grabbed the last slice he took a huge bite, paused and then mumbled what sounded like d’youwannit, and held it out to Billy. Billy just shook his head no. 
 
Billy cast an eye an around the parking lot, there will still some students lingering after the game. He wanted to be closer to Steve, wanted rest his hand between his shoulder blades, to stick his hand in the waistband of his jeans and just feel the warmth of his skin, but that wasn’t an option in public. He blew a lazy smoke ring in the air, his head cocked back and side eyed Steve, Steve had his big amber eyes set on Billy and a small smile on his beautiful wide soft lips. Billy was getting hard just watching him chew the last of the pizza. 
 
After the game Billy had showered along with the rest of the team. Tommy had been talking big about how well he’d done. Billy wanted to cut him to shreds, verbally, but he kept his mouth shut. Starting fights was not a good idea, especially since Steve now had a short fuse. If Billy started a fight, either of words or fists, Steve would undoubtedly want to finish it for him as soon as he found out.
 
Steve had quit basketball and joined the track team, he couldn’t stand to watch Billy play, it was difficult for him to put into words how angry he’d get with other players, how protective and jealous. Billy didn’t press for explanations, he never mentioned it at all really, but sometimes Steve felt really bad about not going to the games.  
 
After the showers most of the team had taken off to eat at the diner for a post game celebration, but Steve and Billy had gotten Charlie to deliver a pie from Rossini’s, it was kind of becoming, Steve hoped, their new Friday evening tradition, they’d share a pizza and hang out. The last time had been at Steve’s house, but the parking lot was good too. It didn’t really matter where they were, especially to Steve. Steve hated being parted from Billy, that hadn’t always been the case, a month ago he would have never imagined that it would become so. 
 
Billy checked the time, he couldn’t put off leaving any longer. 
“I gotta jet.”
“Now?” Steve protested.
“Yeah, now. I’ll see you at ten.” Billy glanced over and saw the usual trio of girls walking in their general direction, Tina, Carol and Vicki were bundled warmly, they strolled over with their eyes on Steve. Billy sucked his teeth, making a small hissing sound. He didn’t want to watch this.n Now that Steve was behaving so damned up-beat, as well as known to one and all as being single, he was a recharged chick magnet. It hadn’t helped that Billy had kind of laid off with the flirting. He couldn’t risk it, Steve was too jealous, too volatile these days. But seeing them descend on Steve made Billy throw caution to the wind. He approached them, getting in the way of their path.
“Ladies.” Billy charmed, Vicki rolled her eyes, she hadn’t gotten over their on again-off again relationship being off. Carol just smiled and nodded.
“Heya Billy, nice game.” Carol looked at Billy with a flirtatious glimmer in her eye. 
“I thought you’d all be at the diner.” Billy popped a fresh cigarette in his mouth and lit it with a flick and snap of his zippo. 
“We’re headed over there now.” Vicki drawled sounding bored and annoyed. “D’you wanna come, Steve?” Billy laughed, looking over at Steve, who was finishing his Coke, he looked surprised by the invitation.
“Uh, nah, thanks Vick, I’ve got plans.” Steve wiped his hands on his jeans and tossed the pizza box in a near by trash barrel.
“Suit yourself.” Vicki shrugged.
“What about you, Billy?” Tina inquired hopefully, ignoring the glare Vicki gave her.
“Duty calls, I gotta go get Max.”
“Guess we’ll just have to live without you boys, good thing Tommy’s there.” Carol gave her compatriots a rather smug look. 
“It must be hard, on you, I mean, what with your father…” Tina, looked sad, which made Billy want to howl with laughter, if she’d known his father at all she wouldn’t look so glum that he’d been missing for a little over a six weeks.
“You girls have fun at the diner.” Billy gave Tina a wink and smiled at her in his best bad boy posture. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Steve straighten from his casual lean on the car. His jealousy hadn’t become a problem, at least not yet.
“Maybe you could bring Max, she could just you know, hangout.” Tina suggested, clearly caught up in his spell, she was practically leaning towards Billy. 
“Yeah, he hates her, he’s not going to bring her.” Vicki scoffed.
“Nah, I don’t hate her, you know, family. It’s a pain. I promised her I’d take her to her friend’s house, and Susan needs me to take care of some things.” Tina had stepped closer to him, smiling and nodding. Carol hooked her arm in Tina’s drawing her away.
“Right, well, bye.” Vicki adjusted her purse strap and looked at Billy with clearly annoyed, she turned towards Steve and flashed him a smile, “We should hang out sometime, you know, it could be fun.” 
“Maybe.”Steve attempted a smile but it was difficult, he could still remember Vicki sitting all cozy with Billy under the bleachers, he didn’t know the details of their relationship but just the thought of it made him see red.
“Steve, always being mysterious.” Vicki flirted undeterred by his lack of interest. Tina was looking back at Billy as Carol walked her away.
Steve really didn’t like Tina around Billy. She was into him, really into him, had been for a while now, he could smell it on her. The trio walked towards Tina’s car, whispering and giggling. Steve walked over to Billy and whispered in his ear, “Vicki is still pissed but I think she’d take you back and Tina wants to have your children, or die trying.” Steve punctuated the sentence by licking Billy’s jaw.
“I could have told you that.” Billy retorted cockily, he reached up and casually wiped his jaw, he was getting hard, Steve-fucking-Harrington Billy mused and smiled to himself, he glanced at Steve’s alert bright eyes.
“I’ll see you at ten.”
“Yes you will.” Steve nodded he started to move in for a kiss but it was risky, so instead he just slapped Billy’s ass. Billy jumped a bit, but took it in stride.
“You need to work on that, felt weak to me.” Billy lied. 
“Just remember you said that the next time it happens.” Steve shot back. 
 
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________
 
 
Steve was outside of Billy’s house by Nine-thirty, he’d been warned not to be early and knew better than to just let himself in, but he really wanted to. He’d ran there, it seemed like a good way to kill time and burn off some energy.  He walked back to the corner of the block slowing his breathing and walked leisurely up the street. 
 
The icy night air presented an interesting medley of scents that Steve’s sensitive nose could pick up, the damp iced earth smelled of salt and water and dormant roots, the oil soaked deep in the asphalt of the road caused a faint flavor tang in the back of his throat. The engine of Billy’s Camaro was cooling in the driveway and Steve estimated he’d be driving an hour ago. Mrs Hargrove had made chicken with garlic and rosemary, the closer he got to Billy’s house the more he could smell, having a discerning nose changed things, it was as if you woke up one day and could see more colors, and yet somehow understood they’d always been there. Steve had tried to explain it to Billy, and Billy had listened without comment, it had been a week after Steve’s first transformation and they’d been laying in Steve’s bed watching a tape of Empire Strikes Back, Billy had been very quiet that night.
 
 
Steve was standing by Billy’s bedroom window he hadn’t meant to get there so quickly, but he’d been lost in thought. Steve checked his watch, it was Nine-thirty-nine, if he went to the window too early Billy would be irritated for at least an hour, if he arrived right on time Billy would only be anxious for a quarter of an hour. Steve wished there was a way to get Billy to relax about having him there, but Billy had become very protective of the house and the family’s reputation since Neil’s “disappearance”, it was as if Billy had chosen to become the man of the house, and in many ways he had. Steve sat under Billy’s window, it was going to be time to change again, very soon. His second turning. He’d read all of Billy’s notes on the legend and lore of werewolves, they’d argued about what was fact and what was myth, and had managed to agree that Steve changed with the moon and couldn’t change by will and silver burned his skin, even brief contact was painful. Steve hadn’t really tried to change into his wolf form, he was afraid to, but he’d convinced Billy he had attempted it and nothing had happened. He felt stupid lying to Billy about it, but also embarrassed to admit that he was afraid, afraid that if he did change deliberately, that he might get stuck that way. Steve wished he knew more about science, like Dustin did, but it was boring, or at least it had been. Steve chewed on his thumb nail and wondered if he could become some kind of animal specialist, but not like a veterinarian or a zookeeper, he wasn’t sure what kind of title or work that would get him, he’d never really thought much about going to university, at least not beyond getting into college with a sports scholarship, but that hadn’t really seemed likely since his grades were nosediving, colleges had some standards. Now there was the issue needing to disappear for one night a month as soon as the sun went down, or the moon went up, (still a bit foggy on that) it might raise some eyebrows.
 
Steve heard Billy walk into his bedroom, he could hear him shuffling around the room, the stereo came on  and Steve recognized Metallica’s Am I Evil, the volume was low, and he could hear Billy organizing his few possessions. Steve didn’t want to wait. He stood up and peeped in the window. Billy was hanging some clothes in the closet, he picked up a cigarette and lit up. Steve ducked down when Billy was about to turn facing the window he could hear Billy sing along to the chorus.

 
“Am I evil, yes I am, am I evil, I am man”.

Steve checked his watch, it was Nine-fifty-three. He focused on tracking Billy around the room, if Steve’s sense of smell had gone technicolor, hearing was now like listening to everything on Maxell high fidelity quality tapes. Even with the stereo on he could distinctly hear that Billy was dropping his Converse in the closet. The sound of Billy throwing his blanket over his bed and fluffing up the pillows, stacking cassette tapes, and throwing clothes in the laundry basket - all the activity told Steve that Billy wanted the room to look good for him. He even heard Billy pick up his cologne bottle, but then put it down without applying any. Steve didn’t know if he’d decided he didn’t need to impress him, or realized that Steve preferred the scent of Billy’s skin with minimal interference. Soap and fabric softeners, and cigarettes, and other stuff was like a child had painted over a masterpiece with a rainbow color box, all the beautiful shadows were buried, lost and difficult to understand. Steve had heard of pheromones, but didn’t know if that’s what he was stuck on, there was just something that drove him wild about the deliciousness of Billy’s natural undiluted fragrance.
Steve’s tennis shoes were starting to get squishy with moisture, he  checked his watch, it was one minute after ten, his heart leapt in his chest and he turned and grabbed hold of the windowsill of Billy’s room, and hoisted himself up effortlessly, and crawled in the window. Billy had removed the screen so that Steve could have easy access.
Steve pulled slid inside, as silent as a ghost. His nostrils flared and his pupils dilated as he entered the darkened bedroom.  Steve could hear Billy saying goodnight to Max and the soft tread of his boots on the carpeted hallway. The door clicked softly as Billy came into his room and shut the door. Billy clicked on a lamp by the bedside and said simply, “Right on time.” He sat down on his bed and went about pulling off his boots. Steve smiled as he shut the window, closing out the dark night and the cold air.
 
“Hey.” Steve whispered as he sat down next to Billy and kissed his neck, he threw an arm around Billy’s shoulders nuzzled into to him. 
“Hey, yourself.” Billy couldn’t help but smile. It had been a long day, after the game and pizza with Steve, Susan had given Billy a laundry list of things she needed help with, otherwise known as things Billy needed to take care of for her, and he’d taken care of everything, from the minutia of fixing the garage-door so it would actually close properly to the headache of filling out yet another insurance claim that her husband, Neil Hargrove, was missing and most likely deceased. Billy had a good head for legal documents and the insurance agency wasn’t able to overwhelm him with their forms, he plowed through them shrewdly and with determination. He wanted Susan and Max, especially Max, to get whatever benefits and financial recompense they could. It was after all his fault that Neil was gone. 
“Did you take Max over to the Wheeler’s?”
“Yep, and I picked her up too.”
“Super big brother.” Steve sang softly. 
I’m not her brother.”
“Yeah, keep telling yourself that. You love her.”
“Shut the fuck up, or I’ll send you home.”
“But if I go home, who’s gonna suck your dick?”
“Pfft. I’ll line UP the bitches.”
Billy shrugged casually. Steve pounced him laying him flat, Billy’s heart jumped, he didn’t feel threatened, he just felt hot by the attention. Steve’s hands roved hungrily from Billy’s shoulders, down his chest, over his beautifully muscled stomach to his narrow hips and over his perfect ass. 
“Mmm.” Billy arched absorbing the strokes and squeezes. 
“You’re so…” Steve didn’t finish, he kissed Billy chastely, once, twice, and on the third kiss Steve parted his lips and licked Billy’s lips and the tip of his nose.
“I’m not into being licked on the face.” Billy reached up rubbing his nose hiding a grin.
“I don’t care.” Steve teased gently and licked Billy slowly up the side of his neck, Billy turned his head exposing more skin and gripped Steve’s hips while releasing a mocking long suffering sigh. Billy lazily pushed Steve back and rolled over on his stomach. Steve lifted his weight off of Billy and watched as Billy unbuttoned his jeans and pressed them down with ease and confidence he slid up on his knees. Steve felt his heart race and his jeans become constricting. 
“You don’t care what I like?”
“No, I didn’t mean that.” Steve stroked Billy’s hips, his breath coming short and fast.
“You have to be quiet, okay?” Billy whispered, he pressed his jeans lower, giving Steve quite the view of exposed ass.
“Tell me you understand, Harrington.”
“I, I understand.” Steve stuttered. Steve shifted back and kissed Billy’s ass cheeks, one after the other, he gripped them and gently pressed them apart and nuzzled the cleft, his tongue gently darted against Billy’s flesh and then dipped. 
Billy breathed deeply, he leaned forward a little and then relaxed slowly, this was new. Steve nuzzled again, and pressed Billy’s cheeks further apart and delved his tongue hungrily. Billy tensed and and closed his eyes tightly, again, he made his body relax, feeling the odd exciting sensation of Steve tasting and teasing him with his tongue. Billy twitched his breath quickening as he felt Steve exploring.
Steve unabashedly squeezed the soft muscles of Billy’s cheeks, he liked the plumpness,  he swept his hands down over the muscled flesh of Billy’s thighs, his build had a satisfying thickness. Hungrily Steve licked and nipped in and over Billy’s now rosy ass.
Billy groaned into his pillow and rolled his hips slowly, Steve’s fingertips pressed carefully into his flesh pulling him closer and spreading his cheeks. Billy hummed soft and low, he pressed his face to the pillow arching his back and pressing his ass against Steve’s face and tongue. 
Steve hungrily explored, uninhibited, his jaw stretching, his tongue quickly lapping.
“Ugh…” Billy grunted into the pillow, he twisted his hips a bit, he’d become erect and couldn’t help but writhe under Steve’s attention. 
Steve pressed his hand between Billy’s thighs and grasped his balls, firmly but gently, and then reached the shaft of his cock and began stroking and and squeezing. 
“Ahh…” Billy pressed his face deeper into the pillow, muffling himself as he squirmed and smothered himself into the pillow, he could barely keep silent. 
Steve came up for air and pressed his index and middle finger inside of Billy, feeling breathless and aching. This would only be his second time fucking Billy and he was desperately hungry for him.
“I want you, I want you.” Steve murmured and nipped at Billy’s flesh hungrily.
Billy leaned grabbed the spare pillow and swung it over his shoulder hitting Steve on the back of his head, the bottle of lube that was concealed in the pillowcase made a satisfying little ‘pock’ sound when it hit Steve’s noggin through the fabric.
“I want you too, just be quiet.” Billy rested his cheek on the pillow and puffed some of his locks out of his face, he trembled lightly, he’d never been so willing with anyone, never had anyone so hungry for him, it was terrifying and exciting.
Steve sat up, he drew a sharp breath, and three quick deep sniffs, he loved the way Billy’s scent was so heavy in the room, he dug around in the pillow case impatiently till he retrieved the bottle. Steve sat up and squeezed a generous amount into his palm and down his fingers, he pressed his index and middle finger in, gently stretching and pushing. Billy murmured into the pillow. 
Steve pumped his fingers and bit at Billy’s hip, slowly chewing and sucking, his free left hand alternately rubbing and gripping at the opposite hip.
Billy could hear a low rumbling growl rising in Steve’s throat, it reverberated through his body like the engine of his Camaro when he floored it down empty highways, he rolled his hips invitingly, encouraging Steve’s appetite.
Steve sat up and stroked and squeezed his cock. Billy wished they were in Steve’s car or Steve’s house, or anywhere but here, he wasn’t sure he could keep himself from making too much noise.
Steve shifted up close behind and guided the tip inside, slowly he pressed, breathing long slow deep breaths. Steve grasped Billy’s hips tightly and shifted his hips, slowly at first, his hands traveled up Billy’s back, his thumb riding up his spine till both hands were rested firmly on his shoulders.
Billy spread his knees wider, his stomach clenched, as he felt Steve’s cock pressing and easing in. Billy tensed, and Steve held still, a slight tremor telegraphed through Steve’s body and into Billy’s.
“Should I stop?” Steve whispered.
“N-no,” Billy kept his voice low and even with great effort, “no.” He exhaled slowly and forced slowly relaxed. Billy pressed his cheek to the pillow taking steady breaths, Steve was well endowed, the pressure was intense as his cock sank in deeper. Steve’s finger tips were digging into Billy’s hips pulling him closer as Steve pushed further into him.
Steve’s low growl was more sensation than sound, Billy could feel it in his bones, his senses were overwhelmed by his lycan lover.
Steve resisted the urge to pumped his hips, he was slick with lube, he moved gently, his hips undulating. Listening to the sound of Billy’s breathing, focusing so hard he could hear the blondes heart. Gradually Steve increased his tempo. Billy released little grunts each time Steve pressed his cock deeper. Billy twitched with pleasure, and leaned back against Steve. That’s when Steve truly thrust in, and nearly out, and then again, deeper, he rocked his hips, steadily, rolling deep, he wanted to get Billy off as much as himself. A quick rhythm enveloped them both, Steve pressing desperately, Billy arched into Steve’s thrusts. The soft slapping sound of Steve’s hips against Billy’s ass made them both nervous and excited. Steve leaned closer, wrapping his arms tightly around Billy.
“Aaah…” Steve breathed into Billy’s ear hotly, grinding with fervor. Billy pressed his hips back and twisted against the mattress, his knees giving out.
Steve nipped sharply at Billy’s shoulder, and arched exhaling sharply. 
“Don’t.” Billy gasped, he twisted with pleasure, “Don’t draw blood.” Steve had frozen mid stroke afraid he’d hurt Billy, he started rolling again, he nuzzled the back of Billy’s neck, pressed his mouth hotly over it, careful not to bite. 
Steve licked at the back of Billy’s neck, soft groans escaping his lips.
Billy twitched with pleasure beneath him, pushing Steve over the edge, he bucked, and came with a bodily shudder.
Billy felt Steve’s hand wrap over his mouth and groaned into his palm, making Steve jump and flinch thrilled by Billy’s submissive sounds. 
Steve kissed Billy’s neck and bit gently, as he pulled Billy over on his side, spooning behind him. Steve could still feel Billy clench and relax, his light muscle spasms making Steve shiver. 
 
 
“I... love you.” Steve pronounced each word softly but with aching clarity, he didn’t expect a reply, he fully expected that it would all blow up in his face, but couldn’t keep it to himself any longer.
Billy closed his eyes, soaking in the words. It didn’t make sense, it wasn’t real, but it was, Steve Harrington loved him, it was impossible.
“Love.” Billy said softly, he hadn’t meant to say it out loud. It wasn’t a question.
To Steve’s ears it sounded like Billy had never heard the word before, or didn’t know its meaning. He pulled Billy close and slowly slid out his slick warm cock, he spilled again, this time against the back of Billy’s thigh. Steve stroked Billy’s stomach and felt Billy was in the same state, he’d come, but Steve didn’t know exactly when, it didn’t matter, they were both sated, stickily entangled and spent. Billy twisted around to face Steve, his bright blue eyes traveling over his lover’s face. Steve looked away, and then back at Billy’s sapphire shining eyes. They kissed slowly, languidly and devotedly. 
 
Billy couldn’t think of what to say, how to respond to Steve’s declaration, so he just embraced him, folded his legs in Steve’s and sighed heavily, letting himself relax in the other boy’s arms.
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________
 
Billy was exhausted nearly all the time. Things were nonstop, Susan was lost, she was so directionless without Neil, it was strange. Billy had never realized how dependent she was on her husband, she seemed so much younger to Billy now that she was on her own. She came to Billy with questions, and if he hesitated she’d just stare at him waiting for answers. Billy never asked, but it seemed to him that Susan had gotten married too young the first time, and too soon the second time. She was strangely childlike sometimes and it almost made him forgive her for being such an ineffectual stepmother. She had never intervened, never stepped in when Neil had belittled and berated him, she hadn’t even done much when he’d physically beaten him, other than a few meek attempts at distracting Neil. Now Billy saw her for what she was, a frightened and overwhelmed woman who felt alone and abandoned in the world and ill prepared for life without a husband dictating how she should behave. Billy helped her make a budget, she was educated but had no real work experience, and the job opportunities in Hawkins were slim, but she’d landed a pretty good job in the administration offices at the local hospital, after Billy had helped her re-write her resume. She’d only been there for a week, but her spirits seemed bolstered by it. Max was desperately afraid that they’d leave Hawkins, she loved her new friends, and now Billy had Steve. Steve was his responsibility, It was after all, Billy’s fault that Steve was a werewolf now. Billy’s father had infected and cursed Steve. Neil had intended to kill Steve, but Billy had intervened, by shooting Neil with silver bullets, he’d know it was too late  to truly save Steve, but couldn’t put a bullet in Steve’s head, couldn’t put him out of his misery, and now they were, whatever it was that they were.
 
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________
 
 
“Are you okay?” Steve’s voice was low and breathy, he nuzzled the back of Billy’s neck.
“Yeah.” Billy had been so lost in thought he forgotten to say anything to back to Steve in regards to love, now he was afraid to. He sighed and parted his lips, but had nothing to say, so he just kissed Steve.
“Can, can I stay the night?” Steve sounded nervous.
“Yeah.” Billy replied and shifted around in the bed till they were both under the blankets. Billy felt something akin to being drunk, he was physically spent from the game that afternoon, and Steve, and mentally drained from helping Susan with legal paperwork, and dealing with Max was no cake walk, even when they were getting along; she was a surly and a very tough cookie, which made Billy twitch a smile when he thought about it.
Billy pressed close to Steve and felt the other boy’s long limbs drape around him, their legs knitted, it made Billy feel so damn safe, he closed his heavy lids and released a long fatigued breath. He felt sumptuously heavy and warm laying in his narrow bed with Harrington. Just having Steve there made it feel as though he was in them most luxurious of linens, and softest of pillows, even though everything he had was threadbare and worn out, something about Steve just made everything so much better. 
 
Steve stroked Billy’s neck gently, and heard him release the softest of snores. Billy was out cold in a matter of seconds. Steve wondered what Billy had thought of Steve’s confession of love, but of course, Billy hadn’t said anything. On one hand, Steve wanted to kick himself, but on the other, he felt better for having said it. He nuzzled and cuddled to Billy, there was nowhere else in the world he wanted to be. Steve slowly drifted into sleep, he dreamt of tunnels, and demodogs, while Billy slept like the dead, soundly and dreamlessly feeling safe and secure.
 
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________
 
 
Steve’s sleep had slipped into old habits, the nightmares had returned. They were different now, sometimes he’d be running in the tunnels being chased by demodogs, other times he’d be running on all four chasing the kids. Last night had been the tunnels, just the tunnels, alone and lost in the dark, he’d screamed for Billy. Steve was thankfull he’d only screamed in the dream. Steve shifted in the bed, careful not to disturb Billy who was sleeping heavily, his lips parted, breathing deeply. Steve was starting to lose feeling in his right arm, but didn’t move, for fear of waking Billy. Steve heard Max’s door open, and her light steps across the hall to Billy’s door. She knocked. Steve sat up, Billy was still asleep. Steve squeezed Billy’s arm and gave him a gentle shake. Steve heard the doorknob turn, and click, he realized it wasn’t locked and slid off the far side of the bed as silently as possible.
“Billy?” Whispered Max as she crept in. Steve dragged himself under the bed and swiped his clothes and shoes underneath with him, the bed wasn’t very high off the ground, but he was just narrow enough to fit. 
“Hey, wake up.” Max flipped on the light and shook Billy’s shoulders, “Wake up, Billy.” 
Billy sat up with a grunt. 
Steve held his breath hoping Max didn’t hear him, and also started to fret that Billy might think he’d left without saying goodbye. 
“What are you doing in my room?” Billy grabbed at the blankets making sure he was covered.
“Are you naked? You’re such a freak, it’s like fifteen degrees outside.” Max turned to go Billy leaned over and caught her wrist.
“Come back here, what’s wrong, why’re you in here?”
“Nothing.” Max pulled to get her wrist free, Billy gave her a little slack and loosened his grip but didn’t let go.
“You don’t wake me up for nothing.” Billy announced groggily, he ran his free hand over his head, and blinked around the room, he glanced at the floor looking for Steve’s clothes or shoes, but didn’t want to look too hard in case Max noticed.
“I thought I heard something.” Max hesitated, “Outside.”
“When?”
“Like just now, it woke me up, I don’t know. It was kind of loud, but I don’t know.” 
“I’ll check it out.Get in your bed.”
“Billy.” Max protested.
“Just turn around.” Billy sat up and grabbed his jeans, “Where did it come from?”
“The driveway, you’re not going to go out there, are you?” Max turned around Billy could see her frame lightly trembling, she was either cold or afraid or both.
“It was probably just,” Steve, Billy thought, but he couldn’t say that, “those fucking raccoons again.”
“Do you think so?” Max asked hopefully.
“Sure, or maybe someone’s dog got loose.” Billy shrugged, that was an excuse he’d made up often when he was pretty sure his father had been sniffing around the property while wolfed-out.
“Go to bed, alright?” Billy pulled over his boots, and stepped into them, not bothering with socks, he stood up and pulled on his jacket, he didn’t figure he’d be outside long, just a quick walk up and down the driveway and then back to bed, he was dog tired.
“No way, not till you come back inside.” Max shook her head, she had that look on her face that Billy knew all too well, he knew it because he felt like she’d learned it from him, call it stubbornness or determination, either way it was definitely a trait they shared.
“Go wait in your room,” Billy pointed in the direction of her room, as if she’d forgotten where it was, he was tired and getting frustrated, “I’ll knock on your door when I come in, you’re not coming outside.”
“Billy.” Max argued.
“It’s too god damned cold.”
“You’re not even dressed, you look like, like a hobo.”
“A hobo, really?” 
“Just be careful, jerk.”
“Wait in your room, shit-bird.”
“Ugh.” Max went to her room but didn’t slam the door, she didn’t want to wake up Susan. The house had become quieter since Neil had left, literally and in some other unnamed ways, and Susan was always weary, always in need of rest and more quiet, it couldn’t be quiet enough for her, eight hours wasn’t enough sleep to enliven her or alleviate her exhaustion, so when she slept, they moved like shadows around the house.
As Billy left his room he checked in the living room first, as he expected Susan was there asleep by the flickering fuzzed light off the television screen, she looked frail and small on the shabby couch. Billy doubled back down the hallway heading towards the back door when Max popped out of her room and handed him a flashlight, he almost said he didn’t need it, but just snatched it out of her hand instead.
“I’ll be right back.” He nodded towards her bed, Max watched him, for a beat and then shut her door. Billy went down the steps of the back porch two at a time and walked up and down the drive way, his skin prickled with the cold. The trash cans weren’t disturbed, he noticed frost on the cars’ windshields, the ground crunched lightly under his boots, thin layers of ice covered everything. He exhaled a small cloud of breath as he sighed, feeling like he should have stayed in bed. He ran the weak beam of the flashlight up and down the driveway, no tracks, no raccoons had raided trashcans, nothing was out of place. He held still and listened hard to the night sounds, nothing, nothing was out except for a few weak stars in the cold black night’s sky.
 
Billy figured she’d heard Steve stumble out the window or something. Which got him wondering why he’d left, usually he had to kick Steve out. Billy chewed the inside of his cheek as he walked back up the drive way, that was the instant he heard a faint sound, like a sheaf of paper being turned, or a sheet being dragged off the edge of a bed. 
Billy turned around fast and swung out his hand fisted around the flashlight,  the flashlight broke against Steve’s jaw and the brunette tumbled back on his ass. Billy stood motionless the broken flashlight still in his grip.Steve was glaring up at him, his eyes black and shining, teeth bared and in an instant he was on his feet.
“It’s okay.” Steve’s voice was a rough but becalmed whisper. Billy had to swallow back his nerves, he’d been afraid, afraid of Steve, afraid of the beast dormant within him. 
“Billy, it’s okay.” Steve repeated, his palms held up in submission, as he’d been the one to strike Billy and not the other way around.
“I, I thought,” you were him, back from the grave, and then I knew it was you, but you’re not you anymore, “it was an accident.” Billy resolutely.
“I know, I didn’t mean to sneak up on you.”
“Go back inside the way you came, I’ll meet you inside.”
“You first.”
Billy turned wordlessly and went in the house, his heart was hammering.
Steve walked around the house and slid back in Billy’s window, he wondered what it was that Max had heard, Steve hadn’t picked up any scents, hadn’t heard anything till she’d been knocking on Billy’s door. Steve crawled back into bed, he could hear Billy whispering to Max, and then the light trod of his boots as he came back to his bedroom.
“Are you alright?”
“Me, yeah. How’s your face?” Billy’s tone was flat.
“Fine, you just clipped my jaw.” Steve said casually.
“I broke a flashlight on your face.”
“I’m fine. Are you okay, I mean really? I didn’t mean to freak you out.”
“I wasn’t freaked out, I just didn’t know it was you.”
“I know, but you looked at me, like,”
“You shouldn’t sneak up on me.”
“It was an accident, and I mean your face, your expression, even after you saw it was me, you looked,” Steve struggling to find the right word and was cut off.
“I’m fucking cold and tired, and I need to get up early,” Billy hissed as he got in bed, he reached over and flicked off the light, “Just come to bed.”
“Okay.” Steve hesitated, then stripped down to his boxers and crawled into the bed, his jaw was throbbing, but he didn’t tell Billy. There was no point, it was an accident, and he was more worried about the way Billy had looked at him, it hadn’t been fury or shock, but for a split second, it had been terror. 
 
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________
 
 
Steve had stayed up the rest of the night, mostly he was just listening to Billy sleep, he liked focusing on the meter of Billy’s breath and when he listened intensely enough he could even hear the expanding and contracting of Billy’s heart. 
 
Billy awoke with the sound of his alarm clock radio, a DJ was all but shouting the weather report. Steve reached across him and turned it off.
“Time to split.” Billy yawned, his mind was already stacking the things he needed to do before leaving for school, get Steve out of the house before anyone noticed he was there or was up to see him sneaking out the window, shower, dress, feed Max, gas the car, drop Max off, go to school, if he got there with time to spare he could probably throw together a decent essay for extra credit in his English Lit class.
“Hey.” Steve leaned over and kissed Billy’s shoulder.
“Yeah?” Billy’s voice was rough with sleep.
“I’ll see you later, okay?” Steve could see that Billy was already a million miles away from him, taking on the day before even rolling out of bed.
“Yep. How’s the face?” Billy rubbed the heel of his palm in one sleep crusted eye.
“Fine,” Steve reached up touching his jaw where the flashlight had struck, “Hardly can tell.”, he lied; he knew in twelve hours or so it would feel as though it had never happened. He healed so quickly nowadays, it was becoming hard to remember what it was like before, it was one of the side-effects of his new life that he liked an awful lot.
Billy stood up and threw on his jeans, just to cover up for his walk to the bathroom before his shower. Steve wanted to invite himself to Billy’s shower, he’d attempted it a few times, but Billy didn’t share showers at home, he had twice at Steve’s house. Steve drew a breath, and then thought better of it, “I’ll see you soon.” He stood up and pulled Billy into his arms, and squeezed him, Billy was a little stiff at first, but relaxed into the embrace.
“It’s just a few hours.” Billy complained, but didn’t pull away, at least not too quickly.
“I know.” Steve nodded releasing his lover, Billy was on edge. Steve could feel it, almost smell it, but knew now was not a good time to broach the subject. He watched as Billy slipped into the hallway heading to the bathroom. Steve dressed alone and slid out the window, he had a quick run home, and then a shower and off to school. He was regretting having not slept, but knew he’d make it through the day, knowing he’d see Billy after the last bell made it all bearable.
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________
 
 
Steve kept glancing at his watch, if he wasn’t looking at his watch he was peering up at the clock on the wall, anytime he walked down the hallways he sniffed around for traces of Billy. 
 
At lunch Steve sat outside on the bleachers he didn’t mind the cold much and he really didn’t like the cafeteria noise. He chewed on his third sandwich and recalled that last week Nancy had asked him if he had a tapeworm, it had been a joke but he realized she was noticing how much his appetite had increased. His mother had started describing him as being extra chipper, his dad called him hyperactive and told Steve he was going to eat them out of house and home. No one was going to ask, hey are you a werewolf? But, it was pretty clear the people in his life we noticing the changes in his habits. 
Steve leaned back on his elbows, resting them on the bench behind him and observed the empty field. Winter felt endless for some reason, he didn’t mind the long nights, but Billy always looked so put out, he needs sunshine, Steve mused. The sky was the color of ash, stippled with thin pale clouds and beneath them heavy grey ones, they were windswept, more snow was coming, Steve could taste it on the air. 
“Hey.” Jonathan was at the foot of the bleachers, bundled up, his camera, the very one Steve had given him, slung around his neck.
“Where’s Nance?” Steve inquired.
“She went home, she’s not feeling too good.” Jonathan made a small sympathetic frown, Steve nodded, “Oh yeah,” she’s on her period, “she looked a little, um, pale.” He could smell her blood when he’d greeted her in the morning. 
“Are you okay?” Jon asked as he came up the steps.
“Yeah.”
“It’s freezing today.” Jonathan sat down beside him and hunched up against the cold.
“I guess, yeah, I mean you’re right.”
“You’re not doing blow are you?” Jonathan turned his head and fixed Steve with a steady gaze, the look of a friend ready to perform an intervention.
“What?” Steve laughed, he couldn’t help it.
“You just seem, different, and like, kind of thinner, like leaner and you’re either like super up-beat or kind of still, almost motionless at times.” Jonathan, tilted his head, thinking as he spoke, “I think, you know, we’ve all been through some stuff,” he paused and pulled a beanie out of his jacket pocket and pulled it down over head before continuing, “ and people, you know, find ways, of dealing with bad shit, and it’s not always the best way.”
“I’m not doing cocaine.” Steve shook his head, a small smile playing on his lips.
“I sometimes wonder if Billy does, the way the kids described that night that he whaled on you, and how crazy he can get at parties, too agro on the court, all that,” Jonathan moved his hands in the air as if to grab the words he was seeking, “rage and frenetic energy, it reads like coke.”
“He’s not doing coke.”
“I mean you’re hanging out with him now. You guys never even talked before, you avoided him like the plague. I thought maybe he’d been doing it with you or selling to you.”
“He’s not a drug dealer.” A small little animal started scratching at the inside of Steve’s head, he didn’t like anyone thinking badly of Billy, but then again, he might have speculated the same as Jonathan, if he’d been in his shoes.
“You’re one to judge, you and I smoke out once in a while.” Steve huffed, annoyed but still calm, it took concentration not to just react to every little emotion, Steve scratched at his jaw, maybe that was a symptom of cocaine use too?
“Yeah, but weed is different.” Jonathan retorted calmly.
“Yep.” Steve nodded. Steve took a slow breath, he waited for Jonathan to push, to say something else but they just sat in silence for several minutes.
“We haven’t hung out in almost two months.” Jonathan said faintly. 
Steve glanced over, surprised, he’d never really thought that Jonathan would care if they weren’t friends, it had always felt as if they were friends for Nancy’s sake, but Steve understood now, and realized he’d missed being around him too.
“Shit, you’re right.” Steve bumped his knee against Jonathan’s. Steve thought about Billy’s schedule, and then decided Billy might like a damn night off, a night without Steve stalking him and glomming onto him, “Let’s hang out tonight, let’s watch a movie or something. You said Nancy’s not feeling good, I mean that’s why she went home.”
“Okay, cool.” Jonathan smiled, and paused, “You swear you’re not doing coke? My dad uses sometimes, I don’t know if you knew that.”
“I didn’t, I don’t really remember much about him, I mean from when he was around,”
“Yeah, I think most people try to forget him.”
“I swear I’m snorting coke, okay?”
“That’s good.” Jonathan nodded. 
The bell rang signaling the end of lunch, they both rose and walked back in side by side, “You want to smoke tonight?” Jon asked, his tone hopeful.
 
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________
 
 
Billy had a free period class and sat in the school library as far away from everyone as possible. His eyes kept slipping off of the text book laid open on the table before him. 
“Well, look at you.” Vickie sat down across from him.
“Look at me.” Billy met her eyes and winked at her.
“So who is it?”
“Who is who?”
“Who’s the next girl to get her heartbroken?”
“Are you saying I broke your heart? That’s ridiculous.” Billy squinted at her, he did not have the energy for this.
“Is it Tina? She tries to act like she’s not totally crushing on you, but it’s so obvious, I mean god, grow up.” Vicki rolled her eyes.
“I’m not,” Billy was about to say seeing anyone and then he could see that Vicki was eyeing a spot on his neck, he wondered if Steve had left a mark.
“Some slut from Carterville?” 
“You know you we were never a thing right?” Billy gave her a cold glare, he shut his text book and flipped open his notebook just to look busy.
He didn’t have time for this shit, he had homework, and then he had to get Max, and then he was supposed to run some documents over to the post office for Susan, and then he wanted to put an add in the paper to sell Neil’s car, they’d only found the pink slip a couple days ago and they needed the money, Billy wasn’t even sure if it was legal or not to sell it yet, but fuck it. 
Someone would buy it, he’d just forge Neil’s name and who the hell was going to care?
 
“Yeah I knew that, whatever. You don’t have to be such an asshole, I mean clearly you’ve moved on you’ve got,’ Vicki waved her hand at his neck, “Hickies. God Billy, what the hell is wrong with you. I was always nice, and we were, we…” Vicki’s voice had gotten louder. Billy only caught the last half of what she was saying, he’d been so lost in thought. She grabbed her backpack off the desk, Billy couldn’t believe it, she was crying. She got up and started walking out of the library.
“Fuck.” Billy got up, grabbing his things and followed her. 
He caught up with her in the hallway and stepped in front of her, blocking her path.
“Vick, c’mon, we went on a few dates, we had fun. Just be cool.”
“I’m not feeling very cool right now! I liked you, you know that. I mean as soon as I told you that I liked you, you ditched me! You just stopped asking me out, and stopped talking to me, you just started being too busy or whatever. I guess I should ask Steve who you’re dating, since you’re buddies now, I mean Carol told me that Tommy said…”
“You know my dad’s dead right?” Billy blurted.
“What?” Vicki sounded shocked.
“I mean he’s been gone for a while now and I’m taking care of shit, I mean he could be dead, they can’t find him.” Billy wanted to scream, he’d said dead instead of gone or missing.
“He might not be dead, oh my god, Billy I’m sorry. I just. I thought we were good together, and you’re right, I’m such a jerk. I mean, you seem so tough. It must be really hard right now. He’s probably not dead, I mean, my cousin Sammy he disappeared for like three months and then he came home, turns out he was in jail, in like North Carolina or something,” Vicki babbled.
“Vicki, if wanted to get serious about a girl, you’d be the one. Alright? But I don’t.” Billy just wanted her to stop crying.
“You mean that?”
“Sure. Just, I’m not looking for something serious and you are, so just forget about us or me or whatever, Jesus, stop crying.”
“So you do like me?”
“I didn’t say that.” Billy snapped.
“But you just said.”
“Never mind Vicki, just forget it.”
“Billy,” Vicki’s nose was pink and tears were standing in her eyes, she looked miserable and it made Billy feel like shit. 
“No.” Billy shook his head, enough trying to be nice, how the hell did Steve do it all the time?
“But Billy!”
“NO. I don’t want to be with you, okay? I’m never getting stuck with a ball and chain and that’s all you small town girls think about.”
“You think you’re so special, you’re just an asshole.” Vickie turned and ran into the girl’s restroom. Billy slammed his fist against a locker and walked down the hall. This was going to come back on him in a bad way, he wasn’t sure how, but it would. She was hurt, eventually she’d probably be more mad than hurt. 
“Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned.” Billy mumbled as he opened his locker. He decided against going back to the school library and went out to his car, it gave him a little more time before Max would show up ready for her ride home. He lit a smoke and leaned against his Camaro. He saw Steve out of the corner of his eye walking over at his usual quick pace.
“Hey.” Steve smiled practically bounding over to cover the last few yards between them. 
“Hey.”
“What’s wrong?” Steve frowned, as he moved closer. 
Billy glanced around, Steve was always standing too close, someone was going to notice. People would talk.
“Nothing.” Billy took a drag on his cigarette, and squinted back at the school entrance. A few students were starting to emerge from the front doors. He thought about Vicki, no doubt sobbing in the girls room.
“Talk to me.” Steve persisted.
“I got nothing to say. Jesus.” Billy spat on to the icy ground. He watched the corner of Steve’s mouth pinch.
“What happened?”
“Why are you always checking on me?”
“I’m not checking on you, I’m just, concerned. You seem mad, or stressed, I can…” Steve frowned, clearly struggling to find the right words.
“What, smell it?”
“No, I can feel it.”
“You can feel it?” Billy rolled his eyes and shook his head.
“I know I scared you last night.”
“You snuck up on me in the middle of the night in my god damned driveway. Yeah, you scared me.”
“I’m never going to hurt you. I promise.” Steve spoke softly, he leaned his back on the car beside Billy. Billy could feel the heat of Steve’s body, fully dressed and standing around in thirty degree weather and Steve was a little heater. Billy hadn’t noticed if Neil had ran hot, he’d avoided being within arm’s reach whenever humanly possible, he couldn’t forget the look that Steve had given him in the driveway.
“You don’t know that Steve.” Billy admonished.
“Yes, I do. I didn’t hurt you that night, I was out of my head, everything was so, warped, and loud, and confusing, I barely remember anything, but I know I didn’t hurt you.”
“You fucking threw me against my car, do think that tickled?”
“I know, I did, that’s true, but I’ve got this under control.”
“Nah, I don’t think so.” Billy looked up at the sky, he didn’t want to have this talk, it was his fault, his father had gone after Steve because of him. 
“I do.” Steve stated. 
“Can you change at will? You don’t even remember what happened that night, and remember when you tried to start that fight you were back in human form.”
“I lost my temper, it was full of adrenaline and confused, and, and I don’t know! I was out of my head all night and I was coming down. I’m telling you, I won’t ever hurt you again. I swear.”
“Don’t make promises you can’t keep, pretty boy.”
“I trust you. I trust you, Billy, huh, how about that? You’re the one that pounded in my face.” Steve’s voice was strangled with barely contained frustration.
“Yep. I did, and I’ve never promised I wouldn’t hurt you again, have I?” 
“That’s not fair.”
“Life’s not fair. If life was fair I’d be in California right now, not stuck here.”
“Is that what you want?” Steve’s voice died in the back of his throat.
“Fuck off.” Billy looked away, he felt as if he’d just punched himself in the gut. “Here comes Max.” Billy could see her walking over, she looked happy, her hand was clasped in Sinclair’s.
“Well, don’t worry about me coming around tonight. Maybe you should talk to Susan about moving back to California.” Steve pushed off the car’s side.
Billy watched mutely. He could still see Steve’s feral expression from the night before in his mind’s eye, he could also hear what Steve had said in bed. 
I love you. 
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________
 
 
Steve drove home in a daze. He hadn’t realized that Billy wanted to go back to California. He could tell that Billy was afraid of him, afraid of the way that Steve had looked at him after Billy had struck him in the face. Steve hadn’t meant to look at Billy that way, it was just a second of shock and pain. Steve thumped the steering wheel with his fist. His vision blurred a bit, he wiped his eyes impatiently and focused on trying to not think about Billy. It was nearly impossible. He was glad he was hanging out with Jonathan later. 
 
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________
 
 
Jonathan was tying the laces of his sneakers, Will was on the couch, he had fresh sketch pad, their mother was in the kitchen making popcorn. 
“Jonathan, don’t stay out too late okay?”
“I won’t.”
“Is Nancy picking you up? Her car is so much more reliable when it’s cold like this.” 
“No, mom.” Jonathan got up and walked passed Will gently swiping the top of his head making Will duck and smile, Jonathan met his mother as she was walking out of the kitchen with a large bowl of popcorn.
“Steve’s picking me up.”
“Oh that's right, sorry. No Nancy tonight then, is she cramming?”
“She’s not feeling good.”
“Does she have a cold? Jonathan, if she has a cold you know, you should probably lay off the,”
“Mom!” Jonathan cut her off.
“Hey I think Steve’s here!” Will called from the living room, he was walking over to the front door.
“Okay, I’ll be home before ten, bye mom.”
“Okay, before eleven at the latest, please, and call if you’re going to be later Than that!”
Jonathan heard Steve’s treads on the creaking porch, he watched as Will swung open the door.
“Hi Steve!” Will greeted Steve with a pumping handshake.
“Hey Will, how’s it going?”
“Pretty good, we’re going to watch Conan the Barbarian! You want to stay?”
“I’ve seen it, but thanks.” Steve shrugged.
“Hi Steve.” Joyce stepped forward and gave Steve a one armed hug, her other around the popcorn bowl.
“Oh hey Mrs Byers.” Steve smiled at her.
“Okay, we’re going. Back soon.” Jonathan waved his good bye and practically pushed Steve out the door. Steve laughed and bounded off the porch.
“You have the best family.” Steve announced as he got in his car.
“Yeah, I guess.  I mean, I like them.” Jonathan got in the passenger seat and reached over to the stereo, dialing in search of the local college radio station, he couldn’t always pick up the signal but he was hopeful. 
“Did you eat?” Steve inquired.
“Yeah, we had dinner.”
“Oh.”
“What’s up?”
“Uh, I didn’t eat.” Steve lied, “Do you mind if we head over to the diner.”
“No, that’s cool.”
“Great.”
Jonathan settled on the station he wanted to listen to as Steve sped along the road. He sat back, in the comfortable passenger seat, the car was a little cold, he glanced over at Steve who looked a million miles away.
“Can I turn on the heat?” 
“What? Oh yeah.” Steve reached over and cranked up the heater. It wasn’t long before the car was comfortable. Jonathan stretched a bit, he watched Steve’s fingers tapping on the steering wheel. His jaw was working, the little muscle jumping with tension.
“Hey.”
“Yeah?”
“So what’s wrong?”
“What?”
“C’mon Steve. Just tell me.” Jonathan shrugged, “We’ve shared the weirdest experiences, you know that? How many people know about what really happened? And we can only talk about it to one another and most of the time none of us even want to talk about it, like we all just want to be normal again, or something close to it.” Jonathan sighed, “I really hate that word, normal.” He reached over and poke Steve in the shoulder.  “I can tell something’s making you crazy, so just, I don’t know, lay it on me.”
“Okay.” Steve nodded. Steve pulled over a half block from the diner into an empty spot on the street.
“First, I’m getting food.”
“Then you’re going to tell me what’s up?”
“Yeah. I will.” Steve looked uncomfortable but determined, “But this has to stay between us.”
“What about Nance?”
“Just us.”
“Okay.” Jonathan could tell Steve was serious and he wasn’t going to press, he wanted to know what was on his mind. 
 
Jonathan slid into the booth, he remembered the few times he’d come here when he was younger, when Lonnie had been around and this was a place to go for birthdays, these days they didn’t do to much dining out, he figured he could splurge on an order of fries.
When the waitress walked over she was armed with a pot of coffee in one hand and pitcher of water in the other.
“Hey boys, what are having tonight?”
“Just an order of fries.” Jonathan said quickly, the place had hardly changed, they’d been playing Hank Williams and Pasty Cline when he was a kid, and they still were. The music was familiar, but not exactly nostalgic.
“Anything to drink?” The waitress prompted.
“I’ll just have water, thanks.” Jonathan watched as the water filled his glass, not wanting to look at her disappointed expression - he knew waitresses lived on tips, and this was probably her least favorite type of order.
“What about you, hon?”
“Three cheeseburgers and a grilled cheese sandwich, one order of fries, one chocolate shake, a strawberry shake and a slice of carrot cake a-la-mode, oh and some onion-rings.”
“Oh I remember you, but last time you had the triple decker chocolate cake.” The waitress chuckled, she was beaming at Steve. Jonathan was stunned by the amount of food that Steve had just ordered.
“Yeah, it was good, but I think carrot cake is what I’m craving.” Steve smiled shrugged.
“Do you want it all at once, like last time?”
“Yeah, thanks Lana.” The waitress nodded and headed back to the kitchen.
“Can you eat all of that?”Jonathan almost asked, if Steve could afford to pay for it too, but obviously he could.
“Yeah.” Steve nodded.
Their small table was soon crowded with plates, Jonathan had to laugh, it was the most food he’d ever seen set in front of one person. 
“I run about twelve miles a day now.”
“In this weather?”
“Yeah, I really don’t mind. Here, I changed my mind on two shakes, pick one.” Steve dipped on an onion ring in some ranch dressing with one hand and had a grip of fries in the other. Jonathan opted for the chocolate shake, he knew Steve had ordered and extra one for him, Steve was always feeding people, but it was nice and a little embarrassing, he told himself if he had the means he’d do it for Steve too.
“Thanks, for the shake.”
“Thanks for reminding me that we’re friends.”
“What do you mean?”
“You came out and, I don’t know, gave me the talk, you’re worried about me, you thought I was doing hard drugs, I’m not. That was, that was really cool of you.”
“Cool.” Jonathan nodded, he didn’t know what else to say.
Jonathan was full after he finished with his order of fries and his chocolate shake, he sat back watching Steve put away the burgers, the sandwich, the onion rings, the fries, the strawberry shake and the carrot cake. He wondered if Steve really did have a tapeworm, or if maybe he was going to hurl once they stepped outside. But Steve looked content as he ate, they talked a bit about the possibility of going to Indianapolis, maybe seeing what bands were touring, they had to like some of the same bands, although they hadn’t figured out which ones just yet. Jonathan steered the conversation towards summer, maybe a weekend at Lake Jordan, camping with Nance. Steve nodded along, suggested they do a road trip up to Chicago. Jonathan listened, he wanted to agree, but it wasn’t something he could afford, and he didn’t want to ask Steve to pay for him to go and he especially didn’t want Steve paying Nancy’s way.
“I’ve gotta save for college.” Jonathan mumbled. 
“Oh, yeah. Sure. We can keep it cheap, we can camp? I mean it’s practically free.” Steve nodded.
When the waitress set down the bill Steve grabbed it and counted out the cash and threw in a generous tip.
“I owe you for my fries.” Jonathan said, digging out his last three bucks.
“Forget it, besides,” Steve lowered his voice, “You brought a joint right?”
“Yeah.”
“Well, then we’re square.”
 
 
They hopped in the BMW and Steve cruised down to the quarry. They parked a few yards from the edge and Jonathan fired up a thick joint.
“Aren’t you sick?” He took a drag and squinted at Steve in the dim light, Steve wasn’t just Nancy’s ex, he wasn’t just a former rival, he was more than just some random friend too.
“What? No not at all. Why would I be sick?” Steve reached over snagging the joint. 
“Huh.” Jonathan nodded. They were bound together by what had happened, it wasn’t quite a brotherhood. Jonathan tried to understand how they fit together. He didn’t know, maybe it was just shared experience, the thought made him snort a laugh. 
“That was a crazy amount of food.” Jonathan smiled.
“Was it? I mean, their burgers are small.” Steve took a long drag. Steve turned on the stereo, there was static, the songs dropped off from the signal in favor of fuzzed buzzing sounds, he turned it off again fidgeting. Jonathan watched as Steve pawed through some cassettes in glove box, he settled on a mixed tape and shoved it in the tape deck.
“So, you seemed kind of down, when you got to the house.” Jonathan tilted his head looking up at the dark sky, the stars were all hiding, it was a black winter night.
“Yeah. I had a fight.” Steve extended his hand passing back the joint.
“With who? It looked like you had bruise on your jaw.” Jonathan took a drag and toyed with the volume on the stereo, the Eurythmics were okay, but not really what he was in the mood for.
“This, um, this… girl I’m seeing.” Steve sat back in his seat pushing his hair back, he flipped down the vanity mirror looking at his jaw.
“She hit you?” Jonathan snorted, he knew he shouldn’t laugh, but he couldn’t believe someone else had kicked Steve’s ass.
“No, no, not that kind of fight.” Steve chuckled.
“Oh, sorry, um… I didn’t know you were seeing anyone, who is it?” Jonathan leaned back, he could feel the weed kicking in.
“I’d rather not say.” Steve said shyly.
“Okay.” Jonathan squinted at Steve, that wasn’t like him, but it was fine, Jonathan thought, sometimes it’s nice to have a secret, one to keep all for yourself. 
“Yeah we had a fight and I think she’s going to move, and we just started going steady, like everything kind of happened fast, you know. Like, she’s really special. Really special.” Steve’s eyes were getting bigger and bigger, it could be the pot, but Jonathan was pretty sure that Steve had stars in his eyes.
“Did you tell her that?” Jonathan took a slow drag, he had no idea who Steve was seeing, it couldn’t be someone from their school, maybe a Carterville girl.
“I told her I love her.” Steve said solemnly.
“Do you?” Jonathan smiled, he was happy for Steve, but a little sad for him too, another girl calling things off, and so soon, it couldn’t feel good. 
“Yeah, I really do.” Steve reached over taking the joint back and drawing on it.
“Shit.” Jonathan sat in the haze of pot smoke, he tried to image what he would do if Nancy said she was moving away.
“I know.” Steve nodded.
“Are you going to try the long distance thing? Maybe you could apply to a college where ever she moves to?” Jonathan took the joint back and blew off some of the ash before taking a drag. 
“Yeah, maybe.” Steve frowned.
“Look, if you love her, tell her you’ll go where ever she goes.”
“Really?” Steve looked surprised, like the idea hadn’t hit him till Jonathan suggested it.
“Well, would you go? Would you follow her? I mean there’s like-love, and there’s love-love, like real love. So is it real love or not?” 
“It’s real.” Steve took a long drag and held it in his lungs, his eyes squinted, his head nodding decisively.
 
 
Steve dropped Jonathan off at his house and then headed straight home. On the drive he got a whiff of something different, something he didn’t recognize, he cracked the window and inhaled deeply, it was swampy, like rot, but it had a sour metallic edge too, like pennies. The other scents, trees and chimney smoke, and diesel exhaust from the main highway piled up on the newer alien scene till it was nearly impossible to pick up. Steve stuck his head out the window, breathing hard. Something made Steve’s skin prickle, but it wasn’t the cold. He thought maybe it was just the pot, he wasn’t feeling high, but maybe this was just what it did to him now that he was different. 
He raised his window and rested his head back, looking through his lashes as he drove. Steve wanted to pull over and leave his car by the side of the road, to go for a long run, but he knew if he did that he’d just end up outside of Billy’s bedroom window.
 
 
When Steve got in he drank a few glasses of water out of the tap and then headed up to his room with a full glass for later. His parents were in their bedroom, he could hear the late night reruns going on the TV. Steve milled around in his room, it was pretty tidy, and his mother had taken away his dirty laundry, he wished she’d stay out of his room, despite himself he was thinking about Billy, of ways to tell him that if Billy wanted to go back to California, Steve was going with him. He paced a bit and threw up his arms, it was going to sound like a line, or worse, a lie, but it was true. If Billy wanted to get the hell out of Indiana, then Steve was going with him, unless, unless Billy didn’t want him to go. Steve pulled back his blankets and threw himself on the bed, he thought about changing into his pajamas, but just laid still looking up at the ceiling. Something wasn’t right, he couldn’t decide why, the sensation was so deeply imbedded in the back of his mind it was beyond deciphering, and worse of all it wouldn’t go away. It had settled in on the drive home, he wondered again if it was just the pot.
“Great, can’t even get high anymore.” Steve let out a little rumbly growl of frustration and sat up a little startled by the sound that had escaped his lips. He turned on his side and curled up around his pillow, holding still was impossible. He got out of bed and went to the dresser and pulled open the top drawer, digging in the back of the drawer he found a gym shirt that he’d stolen from Billy weeks ago, he pressed his face into it. He didn’t want to think of the weird scent he’d caught on the way home, he just wanted to think about his lover, his Billy. Steve laid down in bed and burrowed deep in his blankets, the eerie lingering feeling slowly faded away as he slipped into sleep.
 
 

Steve was on all four, running, chasing, snapping, he was hunting, he was fighting, he was biting and killing and he felt good, he felt fearless and clever, a predator, a monster… a monster of monsters.

 
 
A soft sound came from the backyard. Steve leapt out of bed on his feet, a sheen of sweat clinging to his skin. He looked at the digital clock by his bed, he’d only been asleep for maybe fifteen minutes. He turned and went to the window and threw it open, Billy was down below, glowering up at him. Steve knew Billy wasn’t mad at him, not in that moment, he was probably just mad that he was out in the cold.
“Go to the kitchen.” Steve whispered just loud enough for Billy to hear him, and then silently ran down the stairs taking four at a time, landing softly at each interval nearly soundlessly, he was elated, even if Billy looked crabby, it didn’t matter, what mattered was that Billy had decided to come see him.
Steve opened the door and stepped back for Billy to enter. Billy glanced around the kitchen and looked at Steve. Billy’s shoulders were up, he had on layers of clothing, but looked like he was just barely keeping from shivering.
“C’mon, come up stairs.” Steve encouraged, afraid to touch him but dying to he just gestured that Billy should walk ahead of him.
“Are your folks asleep?” Billy whispered, his jaw tight against the cold.
“Yeah, it’s fine. C’mon, I’m glad you came over.” Billy went ahead of Steve heading up to Steve’s bedroom, treading lightly in his heavy boots. Steve inhaled silently in his wake, soaking up the scent of him.
Billy walked into Steve’s room and paced in a circle, he seemed to be gathering his thoughts. Steve grabbed the comforter off of his bed and threw it around Billy’s shoulders.
“I’m fine.” Billy grumbled, pulling the blanket tighter around himself. 
Steve sat on the edge of his bed and swiped Billy’s purloined t-shirt and dropped it behind the headboard, he didn’t want Billy to confiscate it, or know just how weird Steve really was. 
“I’m glad you came over.” Steve nudged the toe of Billy’s boot, resisting the urge to grab hold of him.
“Yeah, well. I guess I got used to you showing up, and it was like just a little past ten, and I wasn’t that tired. So…”
“Can you stay, for the night?”
“Just set your alarm for four-thirty AM, OK? That should give me enough time.”
“Yeah, you got it.” Steve grabbed the clock and set the alarm, he couldn’t help but smile, he felt so much better, he’d almost forgotten about the nightmare Billy had awoken him from. 
“Is your hair wet?” Billy squinted at Steve, “Why are you sweaty?” Billy reached over and stuck his fingers in Steve’s hair, they caught, tangled in his thick dark waves. Steve let out a soft grunt, and his face flushed.
“I had a bad dream.” Steve answered, his eyes closed.
“Did you…” Billy moved closer, letting the blanket fall off of his shoulders.
“Mhm.” Steve tilted his head towards Billy’s hand.
“You smell like pot.” Billy moved forward till he was standing between Steve’s knees.
“I got stoned with Byers.”
“Sounds, like something to do. I guess.” Billy reached up with his free right hand and touched Steve’s warm cheek, “what were you dreaming about?”
“Hm?” Steve closed his eyes and tilted his head towards Billy’ palm, leaning into his cheek.
“I said, what were you dreaming about?”
“Monsters. Myself. Killing dem…” Steve’s brow furrowed, he looked up and Billy met his gaze.
“You look like you’ve been running.” Billy ran his finger tips down the side of Steve’s neck, his fingers lighting over a vein, his thumb tracing over Steve’s Adam’s apple.
Steve reached towards Billy’s hips, and Billy fisted his hair and tilted Steve’s head back a little further. Steve groaned faintly in the back of his throat, and let his hands fall to the edge of the bed.
“I… I was, in the dream,” Steve’s eyes fell shut again, his throat exposed, head lolling back, melting into the pull of Billy’s grasp.
“You were what?” Billy tightened his fingers studying Steve’s reactions. 
“Running.”
“Are you still stoned?” Billy teased.
“No.”
“Hmm.” Billy leaned in and got close to Steve’s throat, the exhale of his breath rolling up Steve’s neck, “You seem, distracted.”
“Nu-uh.” Steve shifted closer to the edge of the bed and his finger tips touched Billy’s thighs, just above his knees. Billy pulled his head back sharply.
Steve didn’t resist, with a soft grunt he dropped his hands back to the edge of the mattress and gripped.
Billy licked his lips and parted them to speak, but wasn’t sure what to say, wondered if he was treading on dangerous territory.
“Do you,” Billy started to ask but lost track of what his question was distracted again by Steve’s pliant behavior, he slowly fisted Steve’s hair tighter, “I missed you, tonight.” Billy confessed his voice barely audible.
Steve’s eyes cracked open, his pupils pooled “I missed you so bad.”
“Yeah?”
“Mm… yes.” Billy felt Steve make a small movement, attempting to nod. 
Billy released his grip on Steve’s hair and slid his hand down the nape of Steve’s neck, he rested his fingers across the front of Steve’s throat, holding him in place with both hands. Billy hovered with his mouth close to Steve’s. Steve parted his lips, his breath slow. Billy touched his tongue to Steve’s lips, a darting lick at the top lip, and then a long stroke across Steve’s bottom lip. Steve grunted faintly, but stayed in place. Billy cast his eyes down at Steve’s crotch, he was getting hard, his erection very evident beneath the thin fabric of his well worn pale-blue jeans. Billy closed his eyes and pressed his tongue into Steve’s mouth, they kissed till they were breathless. Billy pulled back let go of Steve.
“Your clothes are sweaty.” Billy chided.
Steve licked his lips and reached down to the collar of his shirt. 
“No.” Billy commanded.
Steve looked at him quizzically and lowered his hands.
Billy stepped close again, he curled his fingers around the waist of Steve’s sweat soaked sweater, his cool fingertips lightly tickling Steve’s sides and he grasped the fabric of the t-shirt underneath. He pulled up both. Steve sat up straight and lifted his arms obediently.
“Better?” Billy inquired.
“Yeah.” Steve nodded, his thick hair swept wildly in all directions. 
“Stand up.” Billy dropped the sweater and t-shirt on the floor, a small compressed smile shadowing across his beautiful mouth.
Steve stood up, Billy pressed his hand over Steve’s hips, let his fingers graze along Steve’s belt till they met at the buckle and pulled it open. He pulled Steve’s fly open, his tongue poking out of the corner of his mouth, and then he pulled down. He flushed deeply when he was eye-level with Steve’s exposed cock and continued peeling the jeans down to Steve’s ankles, then grasped the back of one sneaker and then the other sliding them off, followed by Steve’s collapsed sweat socks. Steve shifted his weight from one foot to the other, taking it all in silently.
Steve stood motionless, his throat and chest growing ruddy, heat roiling off of his exposed skin. His breathing deepened. Billy stepped back and pulled off his jacket, and then his shirt, and his thermal long sleeve came off last. He was wearing a different saint, he could tell that Steve noticed because his eyes lingered on it.
“Do you like it?” Billy asked, not expecting an answer.
Steve nodded, he reached over and touched the golden embossed angel. He smiled, “It’s gold.”
“Yep.”
“I can touch it.”
Billy nodded his eyes holding Steve’s. Billy was pleased that Steve realized that Billy had set aside his silver virgin for his golden boy.
“It’s St Michael.” Steve said confidently.
“Since when do you know your saints?” Billy paused as he was stepping out of boots, caught off guard.
“Since I started dating this Catholic guy.” Steve admitted.
“Not bad, Harrington.” Billy watched Steve smile faintly, looking away, clearly gratified with the simple praise. Billy took his time undressing, resisting the urge to hurry.
“Lay back.”
Steve complied, his long lean frame was still changing, the muscles had not become bigger, but somehow more defined in their compacted-ness, his already flat stomach seemed to be bowing inward just a fraction. Billy rested a palm on Steve’s hip, then brushed his fingers tips go over the rise and fall of Steve’s side, he rested his palm flat and glided it up his chest. Billy’s fingers pushed across the little island of chest hair. Steve sighed, his eyes half mast as if he were drunk and dreaming. Billy watched as Steve reached up to touch and Billy slapped his hand away with a quick swipe.
“Mean.” Steve mumbled, smiling as if Billy had just tickled him.
“You’re so handsy, Harrington.” Billy sat on the edge of the bed, enjoying himself immensely, he leaned over and brushed his lips against Steve’s, let the tip of his tongue nudge Steve’s lips apart and licked Steve’s upper lip and teeth.
Steve released a soft gasp, leaning up to Billy’s mouth.
“Lay back.”
“Mmm.” Steve whined, but dutifully flattened himself.  Billy laid on his side, facing Steve, propped up on his right elbow, one calf lazily slid up and over Steve’s knee and down again. Billy ran his gaze up and down Steve’s body, he could feel Steve practically buzzing with tension.
“You’re…” Steve started and stopped.
“I’m?” Billy leaned over him a sly smile parting his lips.
“All I want.”  Steve lowered his eyes and then flicked them back up to Billy’s. Billy nodded just a fraction, he swallowed looking down at Steve through his eyelashes, his heart and mind racing.
Steve reached up slowly, extending his long index finger till it teased a coiled strand of Billy’s hair.
“Does this mean I can touch you?”
In answer Billy pulled Steve’s wrist over and bit the knuckle of his index finger, then tilted his head and ran his tongue over the pad of the finger tip, and pressed Steve’s thumb into his mouth and gently sucked.
“Billy.” Steve murmured, his eyes locked on his lover’s.
Billy released Steve’s wrist and reached up to his jaw, he pressed his thumb roughly over Steve’s lips and felt Steve lick, Billy pressed his thumb between Steve’s parted lips and over his tongue, Steve sucked gently and turned his head to lick Billy’s palm. Billy leaned closer and bit at the side of Steve’s neck and drew on his hot skin, softly biting, pulling and sucking, Steve arched and moved closer.
“Hold still.” Billy bit again, harder than before and pressed his hand around Steve’s throat and squeezed slowly, he could feel Steve swallow and press his head back into the pillow. He made  a soft rumble deep in his throat and chest.
“You like this.” Billy bit Steve’s jaw and heard Steve hiss in pain and pleasure. He ran his hand down Steve’s chest, letting his fingers trail through the small patch of hair and down his lean stomach resting just above the root of his cock.
“Billy.”
“Shh.” Billy palmed Steve’s belly and hip and moved his hand lower running a fingertip down Steve’s cock. 
Steve drew a soft breath, and rolled his hips up to Billy’s touch.
Billy reached over the bedside table and slid the drawer open, the lube was right where they’d left it, next to Steve’s walkman, and a small spent silver bullet. Billy pulled out the lube and opened the cap, and squeezed some onto his palms and fingers. Steve’s eyes were like black pools, his soft lips were parted, his breathing heavy, Steve touched his tongue to his lips hungrily.
“What big eyes you have.” Billy murmured.
“All the better to see you with?” Steve blinked and smirked, his cheeks growing redder, he turned away shyly. Billy ran his slicked hand over Steve’s cock making him jump, Steve grunted and cast his eyes down at Billy’s hand and his gaze flicked up back to Billy’s face looking at him with a hungry expression. Billy shifted on his side next Steve and leaned over and kissed his collarbone and bit at it playfully.
“Touch it, touch your cock. I know you want to, c’mon, pretty boy.” Billy taunted, he watched as Steve’s hands traveled down and wrapped around himself, sighing with pleasure. Billy pressed his hand down over Steve’s balls and squeezed lightly before reaching lower, his finger tips teasing the sensitive skin. Billy sat up on his hip for better reach, and gently proded at Steve’s hole. 
“That’s good.” Billy nodded looking down at Steve’s hands working his cock. Billy’s lubed index finger pressed and circled, “I’ve never fucked you.” Billy pressed his finger in slowly, he could feel Steve tense and the relax, “Easy, easy.” Billy purred at Steve.
“Do it.” Steve gasped, his eyes screwed tightly shut, his breath hitching.
“Oh?” Billy teased sliding his finger in deeper and drawing it back again, Steve worked his cock faster.
“Do you want it? Do you want me?” Billy slipped a second finger, “Do you want it, King Steve?” Billy pressed his fingers harder and deeper.
Steve gasped and jumped, twisting his body closer to Billy’s.
“Yes, I want it, I want you, fuck me,” Steve’s words came out in a quick string of colliding words, “Fuck me, Billy, oh… fuck.”
Billy bit Steve’s shoulder and lowered his head over Steve’s chest and sucked at a nipple, he bit and sucked listening to Steve’s quiet groans.
“Billy, please, please.” Steve whispered, he dug his hand in Billy’s wild curls pulling lightly, and petting the back of Billy’s neck. 
Billy worked his fingers deeper, back and forth, he was eager to have Steve.
“You know it’s gonna hurt?”
“Hurt me.” Steve blurted and as he arched. 
Billy clapped his hand over Steve’s mouth.
“Shhh… damn, Harrington.” Billy shifted till he was on top of Steve, still working his fingers deeply into Steve, he added a third finger and felt Steve jump and clench again. Steve moaned into Billy’s palm, his eyes damp and fluttering. Steve spilled up against Billy’s chest, Billy looked down, hesitating for a breath and then withdrew his fingers and nestled his hips, he hefted Steve’s hips a little higher and nudged, he reached between them and guided himself.
“Try and relax for me,” Billy nudged and pressed, “that’s it pretty boy.” Billy leaned into Steve, he wanted him, he didn’t want to wait.
“Fuck, hold still.” Billy pressed Steve down, his palm on the center of his lover’s chest, he could feel his heart rocketing under his touch. Billy grabbed the lube and poured more into his hand and worked cock till it was slick and throbbing. Steve watched him, his own cock swelling in response to Billy’s display. Billy laid against him again and nestled closer and started pressing again, this time entering Steve. Billy gasped steadying himself, he felt Steve arch beneath him, and then shift back as if to escape and then thrust up at him, they squirmed and twisted into one another, out of sync and hungry for one another. 
Billy clapped his hands onto Steve’s shoulders leveraging himself and rolled in, and back and deeper still finding his rhythm. Steve’s head tilted back, his mouth parted, his eyes were wet and dark, he reached down and stroked himself with Billy’s thrusts.
Steve gasped, his lips working soundlessly. Billy watched lost in desire and rutted into Steve. Billy moved with Steve, he was already aching, he held back as long as he could, he started to tremble, but he pushed himself to last, and kept rocking into his lover.
Steve came a second time against Billy’s stomach and pushed the blonde over the edge.
Billy moaned into Steve’s neck feeling himself release.
“Oh.” Steve mumbled, “Billy, I…” He shuddered and stroked Billy’s sides and ran his fingers into Billy’s hair and down his shoulders and arms. Billy pulled back and slid out and then collapsed on Steve. Steve embraced him, and wrapped a leg over him, holding him, possessing him. 
 
 
Jolted awake by radio static Steve reached over to the alarm clock and silenced it. Billy was draped across him heavily.
“I’m awake.” Billy rasped, his voice was thick with sleep, his breathing was still deep, but Steve could feel Billy’s heart beating against his own, it grew steadily faster till the sleep was shed. Steve ran his hand up and down Billy’s back, he circled his finger tips over a spot on Billy’s shoulder tracing a birthmark.
Steve felt like he was dreaming, he was sure that he had been before the alarm went off. He closed his eyes and squeezed his lover closer, reluctant to be fully conscious of the day ahead. He wanted a week of Billy in his arms, he wanted nothing but this moment to stretch out through all of his life, a life time of skin and salt and no pain, beyond the soreness brought on by a night of love making.
Billy rolled onto his side, Steve could see his eyelashes were knit shut over one eye, putting up a fight as Billy attempted to blink himself awake, Billy shoved the heel of his hand into his eye and rubbed sleepily.
The house was still, Steve could smell the heated air wafting in through the vents, he wondered if he should go downstairs and make coffee for Billy, but the thought of tearing himself away seemed too impossible. Steve knew his father wouldn’t be up for another two hours, his mother would arise thirty minutes after that. 
“We need a plan.” Billy sat up slowly, he reached over and turned on the bedside table lamp, Steve squinted and turned away from the light.
“For what?”
“What do you think?” Billy leaned over the edge of the bed and plucked up his briefs and slipped into them. “Your next change.”
“Oh.” Steve turned on his side watching Billy pull on his dirty socks, he ran his hand over Billy’s  shin and up over his knee.
“It could be worse than the first time.”
“It could be better.” Steve shrugged.
“Unlikely.” Billy grabbed his jeans and stood up into them.
“You don’t know, you act like you know, but you don’t.” Steve stroked Billy’s lower back taking in every curve and freckle, the downy fine hairs, the rising goose bumps. “You’re cold, you should come back to bed, you have time.”
“Don’t change the subject, we need to be ready, we can’t have what happened last time where we drove to some random location.”
“Okay, okay, last time didn’t go as planned, but it worked out.” Steve slid off the bed and dug into his dresser drawer.
“If you don’t feed the wolf the wolf will eat you.”
“What the hell does that mean?” Steve had a heavy wool pewter-colored sweater in his fingers, he shook it out and sniffed it.
“It means if you don’t take care of… what you are now,” Billy leaned over and snatched up his thermal shirt, still talking as he pulled it on, “it’s going to turn your life into a shit-show.”
“My life isn’t a shit-show,” Steve walked over and held the sweater up to Billy’s chest, “You should wear this.”
“You want me to wear your sweater?” Billy scoffed.
“It’s really warm.” 
“What if someone recognizes it?” Billy wrinkled his nose.
“Babe, no one’s going to notice, and if they did they’d probably just think that you stole it from me.” Steve nearly bit his tongue, he’d never called Billy ‘babe’ before.
“It’s kind of preppy.” Billy took it, his expression skeptical. 
“It’s warmer than that shirt.” Steve pointed at the button down that Billy had just picked up off the floor.
“Fine,” Billy took it and slipped it on, it fit him like a glove, the dark grey cast Billy’s bright eyes in a more silvery hue, “Now stop changing the subject. We need a plan. Your next phasing is only ten days away.”
“Phasing?”
“Call it whatever you want,” Billy sat down on the bed and pulled on his boots, “you’re going to change into a giant hyperactive killing machine and we need a place to keep you contained.”
“I ate a rabbit and killed a deer, I’m not a killing machine.”
“You’re an apex predator.” Billy said flatly.
“I don’t want to talk about this.” Steve walked over and straddled Billy’s lap, he was still naked, being alone with Billy in the low-lit bedroom Steve didn’t feel bashful at all. He ran his hands over Billy’s  shoulders and chest feeling the wool fibers under his fingers, the rise and fall of Billy’s breathing, some parts of being werewolf were amazing.
“Harrington,” Billy’s voice went soft, he tucked his face into Steve’s neck and planted a kiss. “We need a plan, now, we should have this shit figured out. You’re a ticking time-bomb, we’re just lucky we know when you’re going to go off.”
“Yes!” Steve grabbed Billy’s face and planted a firm kiss on his lips.
“Yes, that’s exactly what I am!” Steve laughed softly, smiling at Billy’s befuddled expression.
“Shh, Jesus.” Billy whispered, “Why are you so excited?”
“We have a bomb-shelter.”
“What the hell are you talking about?”
“My grandpa Otis, when my parents got married and they bought this land my grandpa insisted that they have a bomb-shelter. He built it himself. It took him like three years or something, I think he started in 1966? I think the war kind of messed him up.” Steve was starting to feel hopeful, it could be his regular place to change. They wouldn’t have to panic or worry.
“Where is it?”
“It’s about half a mile into the woods, I mean technically it’s our land, but most people just think it’s public property, my dad didn’t want to extend the gates around the full perimeter of the property because you know, maintenance and all that, it can be expensive.”
“Why didn’t you mention it last time?”
“I guess, I thought you were right, about getting as far away from everyone as possible, but if you’re with me, I’ll stay, I know I will.”
“You don’t know that.”
“I feel it.”
“Come back to earth, Harrington.”
“I’ll stay with you Billy, I just, please trust me.” Steve kissed Billy again, he slid his long fingers into Billy’s wild curls.
“I, just show it to me. Let’s go check it out, when was the last time you were out there?”
“Last summer, It’s weird. I used to hate it as a kid, being underground and there’s no windows. I wasn’t allowed to tell my friends about it, you know. In case a bomb was dropped we couldn’t have everyone trying to get in our bomb-shelter.”
“You know those things don’t really work right?”
“You mean you’ll still get radiation poisoning?”
“Yep.” Billy nodded.
“Huh. Don’t ever tell my grandpa Otis that.”
“I won’t, I doubt I’ll ever meet him.”
“Why not?”
You want me to meet your grandpa?”
“Totally.” Steve smiled.
“You’re weird.”
“He’s really cool for an old coot and he’d like you.”
“No kidding.” Billy looked unimpressed.
“I’m serious.”
“Seriously weird. I can’t believe you guys have bomb-shelter.”
“It’s perfect.” Steve beamed. 
“Fucking rich people.” Billy rolled his eyes. He did feel something like relief though, they had something like a plan, and if it worked it could be a safe place to keep Steve safe at every full moon.
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________
 
 
Jim Hopper walked along an old deer path, there weren’t any actual deer tracks, but the earth below a thin layer of snow and ice was more compacted than other spots, the few brown and dying sprigs of grass that managed to remain standing in the snow were cropped and the trees were missing patches of bark. His radio crackled.
“Chief, it’s going to be nineteen degrees tonight, and we’re gonna get more snow.”
“Yeah, thanks for the weather report.” Jim shook his head as he answered Callahan’s unsolicited update. 
Jim couldn’t help but notice that the sun was dropping quickly, he was tired and Jane would be home from her after school study session with Max soon. Jim had a crockpot of beef stew going at the house, an appliance that Joyce had insisted he get, and some bread in the truck that Florence had baked. Florence had been beyond delighted when she found out about Jim’s daughter Jane. She’d practically taken it on as her personal mission to ‘help’ him quit smoking, if she hadn’t been aggressive before about steering Jim towards healthy habits, he didn’t even know what word would describe her behavior now, if he wasn’t the Chief of police he might file a complaint.
Florence kept turning up at the office with homemade knitted scarves and hats, all in bright easter colors, hot pinks, purple and yellow. Jim didn’t have the heart to tell Florence that these weren’t really Jane’s style, they were as far from ‘Bitchin’' as you could get.
Jane had been touched by the gifts despite Jim being convinced she’d find them ‘uncool’ or whatever. Jane wore them interchangeably, mixing the colors with abandon, and sometimes two or three scarves braided together. Jim even took a polaroid of Jane bundled in her rainbow of scarves and given it to Florence, and almost panicked when she’d gotten misty eyed while beaming at the picture. That photo was prominently displayed on Florence’s desk now.
“Chief?” Callahan’s voice came over the radio again.
“Yeah, Callahan, I heard you.”
“I, uh, I think you better come over here.”
“Callahan, be more specific.”
“I’m about a twenty yards behind the Harrington’s place or maybe it’s the Wyatt’s, this looks bad…”
“Stay sharp, I’m on my way.” 
Jim started jogging towards Callahan. Jim hadn’t told him they were looking for signs of demodogs, he’d just said he wanted to do a parameter walk of the neighborhoods and created a fictitious anonymous report of vagrants in the woods.
Jane had been having strange feelings, but she wasn’t sure if the feelings were memories or dreams or worst of all possibilities, real. Jim had sat with her that morning trying to get her to explain the badness she was sensing, her anxiousness.
“Like shadows, not like before… maybe it’s dreams?” Jane had pushed at her oatmeal, only a little annoyed that they weren’t having Eggos.
“I’ll take a look, don’t worry about it. But if you see anything, you tell me. Is that a deal?”
“Yes. I will.” Jane had nodded.
Jim hadn’t expected to find anything, it had been more of a ‘just in case’ kind of meandering ramble through the woods, but now he was worried Callahan had actually found something, or worse something had found him. 
By the time Jim had Callahan in his sights the dusk light was nearly faded to nothing. Callahan was pointing his flashlight at the ground and swaying side to side a bit, as if mesmerized by whatever he had found, his face was obscured by the fog of his breath. The temperature was dropping rapidly. Jim wondered if it was remains of a demodog, or some vines that were still somehow alive and reaching. 
“I’m here!” Jim called. His boots crunched in the iced snow drifts.
“Hey, um Chief. This looks real bad.” Callahan took several paces back, but kept the beam of his flashlight on a particular patch of ground.
“It can’t be that bad, you’ve not,” Jim was interrupted by the sound of Callahan retching up his lunch against the side of tree.
Jim pulled out his own flashlight and shined it on the ground. The soil and earth were turned, something small had been digging at the ground there, Jim knelt closer and could see clearly now that a fox had been gnawing at a corpse, it dug it up the earth of its shallow grave. 
“That’s a body.” Callahan’s voice was still a bit choked.
“Sure is.” Jim agreed leaning forward, he was certain it had been a fox, which gave him a sense of relief, he had no idea how’d he’d explained the teeth marks a demodog would have left. The face had been nearly chewed away entirely. Jim reached down and pushed the earth away from the corpse’s chest until he saw a faded tattoo of a winged beret wearing skull over a parachute and dagger, it was an Army Ranger tattoo.
“What now?” Callahan kept his distance.
“Well, we’ve got to get Neil Hargrove out of the ground.”
“It’s Hargrove?”
“It was. I don’t think we’re going to have much luck finding evidence, looks like he’s been here for weeks now.” Jim sighed heavily, he’d had his suspicions, Neil seemed like the type of man to accrue enemies, he had a temper, liked to drink in excess, his neighbors had said in their own roundabout ways that he seemed "a little harsh on his boy”. Neil’s new coworkers hadn’t made friends with him, which wasn’t normal, Hawkins had friendly people, for the most part.
"What the hell? I thought he just ran off, you know, maybe found another woman?”
“Nope, he was shot. Looks like, one, two, three, four, five bullet holes, here, they’re clustered it was up close… no gun powder stippling. Whoever shot him wanted him dead, that’s for sure. I guess the late frost has kind of helped us out here as far as preserving the remains, too bad about the fox.” Jim stood up and walked around the body in a slow outward moving spiral looking for a weapon, or Neil’s shirt. Jim couldn’t figure that part out yet, why wasn’t Neil wearing a jacket? Had he been caught with someone’s wife and marched out here to his death? It had been personal, it wasn’t a fit of passion, it was intentional, not quite an execution, or maybe it had been, Jim didn’t want to let himself jump to conclusions. 
“I’ll um, radio Flo, let her know, uh we gotta move the, uh, Neil’s remains.” Callahan sounded shocked.
“Keep it discrete, I don’t want whoever put him in the ground to know we’ve found the body.”
“You got it, Chief.”
 
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________
 
 
The plan for Steve’s second phasing was simple, Steve would walk out to the bomb-shelter, and make himself cozy. Billy would show up after dropping Max off at home, and then tell Susan he had a date, they decided that would be the most convincing excuse for him to be out all night, but Steve still liked that it was technically a ‘date-night’.
 
There were two nights before Steve’s next phase. Steve spent the day trying to stay focused on the simple requirements of acting normal, somedays were harder than others. Don’t eat everything, at least not when someone would notice. Don’t run everywhere, he managed just to walk too fast, or least that’s what Nancy had said when he’d been walking with her to the library. She’d laughed about it, but she’d had that look in her eyes that meant she was curious about his behavior. Steve joked that he’d drank a Coke, which he hadn’t. He was avoiding caffeine, it had been Billy’s suggestion. Steve had managed to sit still in class and not chase Billy down the hallway when he’d caught his scent, but he’d nearly leaned out of his chair chasing the small bit of air that held his lover’s fragrance.
 
Steve hadn’t gotten to actually see Billy, not alone, since the night Billy had shown up outside unannounced. Now standing out in the backyard near the fence Steve practically jumped for joy when he heard the familiar sound of the Camaro coming down the street. Steve checked the time, for the hundredth time, it was a quarter past seven, Billy was right on time. Steve paced by the pool, forcing himself not to run out to the car and tackle Billy in an embrace. Neither of them had talked about California, or Billy leaving. Steve hoped that Billy had changed his mind, wanted to stay in Indian with Steve, but Steve was also ready to tell Billy he’d follow him anywhere on the planet if Billy would let him.
Billy rounded the corner of the side yard, he had his black leather jacket on over the wool sweater Steve had lent him and a black beanie shoved on his head, his hands were gloved and his nose was pink. He watched Steve as he approached.
“You ready?” Billy asked, as if he was the one waiting for Steve. 
“Always.”
“Dork.” Billy retorted.
“I missed you too.” Steve bounded over to Billy’s side and walked with him to the gate’s entrance that led to the wooded property out back, he flicked back the bolt and swung it open for Billy and walked beside him, beaming at his lover.
“This is going to be perfect.”
“Yeah, we’ll see.” Billy grunted, his eyes searching the dark woods. 
Steve knew the way by heart and was surprised how clear the night was, everything was glowing with the light of the swelling moon. Billy was quiet, Steve peered at him, leaned over and kissed Billy’s jaw.
“Is everything alright?”
“Sure, it’s twenty degrees and I’m walking in the dark woods, with a werewolf, everything’s peachy.”
Steve sighed, not knowing what to say, Billy wasn’t wrong. Steve was learning that sometimes all Billy needed was time, at least they were together, even if Billy wasn’t in a great mood. 
Steve ruminated on what they were, together, a couple, lovers, boyfriends just didn’t sound potent enough. What they had was so different from previous relationships Steve had been in, it was serious, Steve had never had that with a guy, and their relationship was also burdened by secrets, Steve was a monster, and Billy was a monster killer, he’d killed his father after all.
 
 
Steve stopped suddenly, he’d crossed a veil of a heavy scent, it clung to air about him like cobwebs, Billy bumped into him and grunted.
“What’s wrong?”
“It smells weird here, like, like um,” Steve took several breaths, “Like something, dead?”
“Let’s just keep walking.” Billy said quickly.
“It’s fine, it just smell rotten.” Steve wrinkled his nose, his teeth showing faintly in an odd grimace.
“C’mon, I freezing.” Billy shoved Steve forward.
“Okay, okay, I’ll warm you up.” Steve bat his eyes at Billy.
Billy snorted a laugh and shouldered into Steve, a half smile twisting his lips.
 Steve was excited to finally show the bomb-shelter to someone, it was a weird family secret that he’d always kept. His grandfather Otis had made him swear not to tell a soul when Steve was only four, and the gravity of the promise had stayed with him. It was the only promise his grandfather had ever demanded from him.
“We’re almost there.” Steve reassured Billy, he was clearly nervous, his bright eyes seemed to be darting.
“Just hurry up.”
Steve walked shoulder to shoulder with Billy, hoping to warm him, hoping his presence made him feel a little less ill at east.
 
 
The entrance was a narrow squat door set deep in a sloping hill of earth.
“This is it!” Steve announced as he crouched and stated shoving at the earth. He had to dig a bit to get to it, snow and soil had concealed it very well, but he knew exactly where it was. He could smell the oxidizing metal of the door. Steve had a can of oil for the lock and hinges, the old heavy keys which had been hanging in the garage were now dangling from their necks on narrow ball-chain necklaces. Steve wiped at the hinges and the lock and poured oil on the hinges and the locks. The door made a horrible shreking groan when he hefted it open with one strong pull.
“Whoa.” Billy said in wonder.
“It’s real alright.” Steve nodded, he pulled a flashlight out of his backpack and put the oil back in after sealing the can. 
 
The mouth of the Bomb-shelter was narrower than a standard door, but not tight, Steve shined his flashlight inside revealing ladder-rungs that led ten feet straight down to dry concrete. 
“It’s kind of small, do you think you’ll be able to fit, I mean once you’re a wolf?” Billy studded the space skeptically. 
“I don’t know, what do you think?” Steve peered at the entrance, he really wasn’t sure how big he was when he was a wolf, Billy had described it but it was still hard to imagine. 
“You ready to go in?” Steve rested his hand on Billy’s back, his body was tense.
“It’s fucking creepy.” Billy had shuddered. Steve could feel unease rippling off of him, he wasn’t sure if the darkness below that was triggering him or it something else.
“You’re not claustrophobic are you?”
“No.” Billy snapped and started going down the ladder.  Steve followed him down, careful not to step on Billy’s hands. The space seemed big enough to Steve, unless he was a really fat wolf, he worried Billy just didn’t like the idea of being down there with him so close to a full moon. Steve stepped back off of the ladder, he felt Billy’s hands on his back, he turned the flashlight around on the ground.
“There’s a pull chain, if the bulb isn’t burnt out.”
“There’s power out here?”
“Battery lamps and a generator, but you gotta crank it, I don’t think we’ll need it.”
A small click and a bulb blinked to life, Steve squinted at Billy’s gloved hand holding the cord. 
“This is nuts.” Billy looked around a childlike expression on his face.
“It’s kind of small for a family of three, but nice for, you know, just the two of us.” Steve wrapped his arms around Billy, he’d had enough of holding back. Billy didn’t pull away, in fact he stepped into Steve’s embrace and kissed him. They kissed away a few minutes, Steve held Billy close the heat of his body soaking into Billy’s.
A breeze whipped down from the open door and Billy pulled away.
“I can’t stay long, c’mon, let’s get set up.” 
“Yeah.” Steve nodded, and pulled away a little bit, then pulled Billy close to him again. “Harrington.”
“Okay.” Steve relented and loosened his grip and kissed Billy again.
“It’s just really hard, not to kiss your perfect lips,” Steve kissed Billy, “All the time.” He smiled and kissed Billy again.
“You’re such a dweeb.” Billy pushed Steve back, but Steve could see the smile in Billy’s eyes. 
 
Steve turned in a slow circle taking in the space. The ceiling was low, he reached up and brushed his finger tips across the cold concrete. Billy walked over to the metal bunk beds, a wide mattress was on the bottom, a narrower one on top, the thin mattresses were supported on canvas lattices. “It looks like a summer camp from hell.”
“Did you go to summer camp?” Steve knelt and pulled a rolled sleeping back out of his backpack, he set it at the foot of the bottom bunk. “No, did you?”
“Every summer from the time I was six till I was twelve.”
“Huh.” Billy walked over to a metal shelf, there were cans of beans, condensed milk, tuna and soup, jars of fruits and brined vegetables, Billy ran a ringed finger across their bellies wiping away dust. The bottom shelf had gallon jugs of what looked like water. Billy toed one. 
Steve watched him, hungry for him, but got up and paced to the other side of the room. He pulled a small emergency kit out from the bottom of the pack, there was a larger one under the bunkbeds, but he didn’t know how fresh the supplies were, or if time had decayed them.
“So here’s the plan.”
“We’ve been over this.” Steve protested.
“Shut it.” Billy poked Steve in the chest, Steve bit his bottom lip and nodded, distracted by Billy’s proximity.
“I’m going to meet you at your place after school I should be there by three at the latest and make sure you get inside the shelter and then lock you in. I was looking at the Farmer’s Almanac and it said that moonrise is around three-fifty, walking from your place to here took us like twenty minutes, so we’re good.”
“Right.” Steve frowned. He wasn’t wild about being locked in, or assuming that moonrise was when his werewolf-ness kicked in. 
 “Stick to the plan, it’s going to work.” Billy said with conviction.
“Okay.” Steve kicked at the bottom ladder rung and paced a bit.
“Don’t worry,” Billy mumbled, his tone softening, “I’ll stay outside the door till the moon’s fully up. I’ll be waiting. Just in case you, break out.”
“You’re going to freeze, you hate the cold. What if I don’t fit, I mean what if I can’t get out the door or I get stuck and freak out and then what?”
“I’ll be fine, I hate the cold but I’m not a wuss. Don’t worry about fitting through the door, besides I think the ladder might be a little challenging for paws.” 
“Yeah, I didn’t think about that.” Steve turned around a small half circle and walked back to the ladder and gripped a rung, he wondered if he could jump up and reach the top rung, he had a feeling he could, but didn’t test it, Billy seemed anxious enough.
“Look if you get out, I’ll get you back in.”
Steve nodded looking around at the small space, the closer they go to the second phasing the more he worried about Billy. He knew he wouldn’t hurt him, couldn’t hurt him. If he did he’d die, he’d just lay down and never draw another breath, he felt his eyes growing damp and turned away from Billy.
“It might be easier than the first time. At least we know what to expect, more or less.”
“More or less…” Steve nodded and wiped at his eyes while Billy was unrolling the sleeping bag.
“I never liked this place.” Steve struggled for conversation.
“You never had a reason.”
“I wanted to like it.”
“Why?”
“Because,” Steve lifted his hands, “My crazy grandfather built this for me, he thought he was protecting me, and it was just, I don’t know…”
“Well if things work out, he has.” Billy pulled Steve over and kissed him tenderly, Steve was caught off guard by the sweetness of the gesture and leaned into Billy’s arms.
“Thanks.”
“Shut-up.” Billy said sweetly.
Steve nodded and held onto his lover.
 
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________
 
 
Steve awoke to the sound of his father’s alarm clock going off in his parent’s bedroom. Steve could hear it loud and clear, it was as if it had been set on his pillow right next to his head.
“Fuck.” Steve grunted, it was the day of or rather it was almost the night of the full moon, only a few hours left. He felt sick, just like the first time he awoke on the morning before his first shift. He felt as if he’d been shoved down a mountain side. He turned on his side and pulled his blankets up off of the floor, he kicked them off almost every night, usually he was too hot, but this morning he was freezing. When he sat up to grab them a wave of nausea washed over him. He focused his eyes on a small sheet of paper taped to his bedside lamp. 

Stick to the plan, asshole. 

Was scrawled in blue pen ink. Billy had left it there the night they’d walked out to inspect the bomb-shelter. It was the closest thing to a love note Billy had given Steve. 
“Right, stick to the plan.” Steve rolled over in bed and cocooned himself in his down comforter. He knew his mother would pop her head in at Seven o’clock to ask him if he was coming down to breakfast, then she’d fuss over him when he’d tell her he didn’t feel good, and worse case scenario she’d offer to take his temperature. He burrowed deeper into bed dreading the idea of forthcoming interaction. He squinted around the room, even with the curtains drawn it was too bright. He shoved his extra pillow over his head.  Everything was too loud. He could hear the trees outside crackling as they defrosted in the weak morning sunlight, even the sound of the snow melting was irritating him, the dripping and shifting. 
“Uggggh.” Steve summed up.
 
 
At ten minutes after seven his mother came in the door.
“Hey, you’re going to be late, I made breakfast. Aren’t you hungry?”
“I’m sick.” Steve mumbled. He could hear his mother nearing the bed, her high-heeled shoes meant she was going to the country club for one of her socials, her perfume was floral and powdery, even buried under the pillows the scent made Steve’s nose itch.
“Are you really?” He could feel her pulling at his pillow, he held the corner down for a second and then gave up.
“Sit up, let me see you.” 
“I’m sick.” Steve sat up, his head was swimming the room was too bright, he was famished but also felt like dry heaving.
“Oh, you’re so pale.” His mother’s voice was too loud, but he knew she speaking softly, everything was magnified and horrible. She pressed knuckles to his forehead.
“I think you’re running a fever, you keep relapsing or something, I mean, it was just a month ago that you had that bad turn, I hope you don’t have one of those super viruses.” She muttered as she stood up.
“It’s just a bug.” Steve laid back and dragged the blankets back over himself.
“I’m going to get you some aspirin, and some hot lemon and honey, maybe I should stay in.”
“No.”
“No?”
“Mom it’s your club day, thing, meeting or whatever. I’m just gonna sleep.”
“What if you get worse?”
“I’ll be fine.”
“You’re just going to stay in bed, right?”
“Mom. I’m a grown-man, I can take care of myself.” Steve complained and twisted deeper into his bed.
“Well, if you say so. I’ve got the brunch meeting and then we’re going, Melinda Gaye, and Christina Booker and I are driving to Indianapolis for the annual charity. I just, well I’ll be gone through Sunday, and your father certainly isn’t going to play nurse.”
“Good, that’s great, you’ve been planning this for months.” Steve had no idea how long she’d been planning it, “You go, I’ll be fine. If it gets bad I’ll ask Jonathan to take me to the doctors.”
“Are you really friends with that Byers’ boy, you know their family,”
“I’ll call Nancy.” Steve interrupted.
“I think that’d be wise, I really like her, I don’t know why things didn’t work out, as if she’d ever do better than you. You know it’s very mature of you to still be friends with her, and her boyfriend. If I was Mrs Wheeler, I’d talk sense into Nancy.”
“Mom.” Steve whined.
“Well really, you can’t tell me she’s better off.”
“It’s fine.” Steve had no intentions of listening to another word.
“You’re so independent these days.” Mrs Harrington reached over and pet Steve’s hair, he felt himself flinch. He was not okay, and this wasn’t helping at all.
“Oh you’re so jumpy!”
“Headache.” 
“I’l get the aspirin.” She rose from the bed and went out of the room. Steve felt muscle cramps rip through his limbs, his whole body clenched. Night couldn’t come fast enough, Billy might have to drag him to the bomb-shelter at this rate.
 
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________
 
 
Billy pulled up in the driveway and cut the engine. “Jesus.” Max complained.
“What now?” Billy snapped.
“You ran like six stop signs and I don’t know, I don’t feel like dying because you drive like you’re Evel Knievel’s dumber brother.”
“Watch the attitude!”
“What’s wrong with you Billy!?” Max snapped back.
“You are, you’re what’s wrong with me, get out of my car!”
“Fine.” Max threw the door open and slammed it shut. “For like a week straight you’ve been a total prick, you know that?!”
“Max, maybe you could stop being such a brat and thank me for keeping this household from falling apart.”
The back door screen squeaked opened and Susan was standing there in her work clothes.
“Kids, what’s going on? Billy, Chief Hopper is here, he wants to talk to you.” Susan’s eyes were red, she’d clearly been crying. Max and Billy fell silent.
“Mom, what’s wrong.” Max ran to her mother’s side.
“Come here, sweetheart.” Susan opened her arms, Max with her brow knit tight hugged mother. Billy walked up to the porch, his stomach burning, he wasn’t even sure why they’d been fighting, knowing Hopper was there to see him made his skin crawl, Susan was calm but tearful, His mind raced.
“What does Hop want,? I can go talk to him with Billy.” Max offered, their heated argument set aside.
“I got it, kiddo.” Billy touched the crown of Max’s head and went inside, his knees felt elastic, he could feel sweat beading on his lip and brow. The heater was on and it felt like an oven in the house.  Billy set down his book bag on the kitchen table and glanced at his wristwatch, he needed to get to Steve’s, it was already two-thirty. Chief Hopper’s towering figure was waiting in the living room, he made the whole room shrink just by standing there.
“I heard you want to speak to me?” Billy said mildly, he clenched his jaw trying not to stammer. Hopper looked very serious, his expression was not one of consolation but graven silence. Hopper took Billy in, not quite sizing him up, but studying him in a passing glance, it made Billy want to jump out the window.
“Let’s step out front.” Hopper said, and walked out the front door, he stood there with it open waiting for Billy to follow. 
They walked off the front porch, it was as if the whole of Indiana was holding its breath with Billy, the iced over snow crunched beneath his boots, he chewed at his bottom lip and forced himself to stand up straight and look Chief Hopper in the eye when he turned to face him.
“We found your father.”
“Where is he?” Billy inhaled slowly, trying to moderate his breathing.
“Billy, I’m sorry.” Jim shook his head.
“Why?” 
“Billy, did your father have any enemies?”
“I don’t know.” Billy said quickly, and then asked again, “Where is he?”
“Look, I’ve already told your mother,”
“She’s not my mother.”
“I’ve already told Susan, your father’s body was found. He’s gone Billy.”
Billy looked at the ground, he knew that, he knew his father was dead because he’d killed him, he’d even buried him, but still there was a part of him that feared that his father had clawed his way out of the ground and gone into hiding and was secretly stalking him, waiting for the right moment to strike and murder him, and murder Steve. Billy felt dizzy, a wave of relief and terror and relief again hit him one after the other.
“He’s dead.” Billy stated, his voice trembled. It was true, he was really dead. Hopper had found his body, did he know? Did he suspect?
“She’s talking to Max right now. I wanted to tell you myself.”
Billy nodded, not knowing what to say.
“It wasn’t natural.” Hopper said, Billy could feel his eyes on him.
Billy looked up at him, he could feel bile rising in the back of his throat.
“Where is he?” Billy repeated, he felt stuck in a strange loop.
“He’s in the morgue, he, he doesn’t look too good.”
“What do you mean?” Billy’s voice pitched, he had horrifying vision of his father being frozen between wolf and man, a corpse with a wolf’s head, or wolf limbs, he felt himself shaking. He knew that wasn’t right, his father had turned back into a man, Billy had dragged his corpse across the snow as far as he could, then he’d gone back and stolen a shovel out of the Harrington’s garage and dug all night and into the early morning. His father had just been a man, he’d changed back to his human form. Billy twitched feeling Hopper’s hands on his shoulders he stepped back from his touch.
“Don’t!” Billy raised his fists in a flash.
“Billy, take it easy, you’re in shock. We better get you back in the house, get you seated, and warm. Just come inside. I should have had you sit down.” Hopper shook his head, he held his hand out gesturing for Billy to walk ahead of him and back in the house. Billy resisted the urge to look at his watch. Steve was waiting for him. The cloud cover made it impossible to see where the moon was, but there wasn’t much time. There was no time. Billy walked back into the house and sat on the couch, and then stood up.
Hopper had barely shut the door and Billy was on his feet and pacing liked a caged animal.
“So, what do we need to do? Like call the funeral home or what?”
“Billy, it’s going to get taken care of. Just take a breath, I know you two weren’t exactly close.”
“What’s that supposed to mean? So we weren’t best friends, who the hell is with their father?” Billy’s voice was raised, he felt insane.
“You’re in shock, you don’t need to act tough, you don’t need to act all business, you should just sit down.” Hopper kept his voice even.
“Fine, whatever you say.” Billy sat down and pulled out his rumpled pack of cigarettes and lit up.
Hopper sighed and pointed at a chair, “Do you mind?”
“Sit down, put your feet up, smoke ‘em if you’ve got ‘em!” Billy gestured at the room and took a drag.
“Cool it Billy. I know this is a lot for you to take in, but I need you to be calm.”
“I am calm. I’ve been taking car of things, for the last eight weeks because I’m so god-damned calm. We don’t need him, turns out we never did and if he’s dead then we’ll put him the ground and get on with our lives. So what’s the hold up, huh Chief?” 
“You really hated him?” Hopper said evenly.
“No.” Billy said and took a drag looking away.
“Did he beat on you?”
“Normal shit.”
“Yeah, what’s normal?”
“Discipline, normal dad shit, I don’t know.”
“What about your mother? I don’t mean Susan.”
“She’s dead.”
“Did he ever hurt her?”
“No.” Billy lied.
“I see.” Hopper sat back, his expression was unreadable. Billy squinted at him, trying to glean his thoughts, he wasn’t sure, but he was didn’t think Hopper was done with him.
“I have a date.” Billy blurted.
“You think you should go out tonight?” Hopper tilted his head towards the back of the house, no doubt with Susan and Max in mind.
“I can’t resurrect him.” Billy said icily.
“Did you father ever mention anyone from work, or the local bars, any friends that he was around that might be, a little rough, had a reputation?” Hopper enquired calmly.
“No.”
“Did he mention any women?” Hopper asked very softly, Billy knew he was making sure that Susan didn’t hear that question.
“No.”
“Did he seem different the last night you saw him?”
“No, normal, you already asked me that stuff, when he first went missing, I told you. He always went out once a month, he’s been, had been, doing that since I was a kid, usually he showed up the next day and slept it off.” Billy shifted uneasily, he glanced at his watch again.
“And where were you?”
“I went to the market, I told you, I stopped in Rossini’s, ask that kid that works there, Charlie.”
“That’s right, you said Steve Harrington was there too.”
Billy nodded, his stomach flipped again, Steve was waiting, Steve was going to change, he might be sick, too sick to get to the bomb-shelter. Hopper looked like he wasn’t going to be done with him anytime soon. He obviously didn’t care about Billy’s ‘date’.
“Had you two been fighting?”
“It was never a fight.” Billy grumbled.
“Do you want to explain that?” Hopper coaxed.
“Look, my dad was in charge, okay? He called the shots and I just fell in line. That’s how he ran things.”
“Had anything come up, did he get any weird calls?”
“No. Everything was normal. Okay?”
“Chief Hopper.” Susan had walked into the room, Billy hadn’t even noticed, he looked away and swiped angrily at the corners of his eyes.
“Yes, Mrs Hargrove, how’s Max?”
“I think she’s taking it very well. She’s a little shocked, she was wondering if Jane would want to spend the night?”
“Um.”
“Jane is her best friend.” Susan pressed, “Billy, will you make Max some hot Ovaltine, maybe some toast too?”
“Sure.” Billy got up, it was a chance to get out of the room and it would get him closer to being out of the house. He went in the kitchen and grabbed a sauce pan and poured some milk in, he could barely hear what Susan was saying to Hopper.
“I know Billy acts like he knows everything, and like he’s made of stone, he got that from Neil, but he’s a boy, and if you’re going to ask him questions, I need to be there, I’m his mother, and he’s a minor.”
Billy held the loaf of bread pausing for breath, he’d never heard Susan stand up for him, he’d never heard her say she was his mother, he wanted to be mad, he wanted to tell her to shut up, that he didn’t need her, but tears jumped to his eyes, and his chest ached. For the first time in his life he wanted to hug her, instead he put the bread in the toaster and turned the burner on the stove. He wiped his eyes on his sleeve and listened intently.
“Yes ma’am.” Hopper acquiesced.
“Thank you for understanding. What do you think about Jane? Max really needs a friend right now.”
“Well, I think that would be alright. It is a school night.”
“I’ll drop them off myself.” Susan asserted, “Max said Jane likes Eggos.”
“That’s very true.” 
Billy stirred Max’s hot milk and Ovaltine and grabbed the toast when it popped out of the toaster, he tossed them on the plate and put lumps of butter on them. He put the hot concoction in Max’s Bugs Bunny mug and walked to her room. “Hey.” He wrapped on the door, and then let himself in.
“You can come in.” She said sourly as he walked in. Her eyes were pink and glossy. Billy set down the drink and her toast on her bedside table.
“I think Jane is going to come over.”
“I’m sorry I called you a prick.”
“Forget it.” Billy looked at her, she looked so much older now, still a kid, but not a baby anymore.
“Are you still going out?” Max looked at him like she already knew the answer.
“I can’t stay.” Billy turned back and shut the door to her room. He felt her arms fling around his waist. Billy turned and bent over to hug her back, he squeezed her tight.
“Have fun, and don’t knock her up, we can’t afford a baby.”
“Jesus, Max.” Billy laughed in spite of himself. 
“I’ll pick you up from school.”
“Mom’s taking the day off tomorrow. She’ll pick me up.”
“That’s good. Are you okay?” Billy released her and looked down at her, he didn’t know what to do.
“You were right, you said he wasn’t coming back. I, I don’t want him to, I didn’t want him to, is that bad?” Max burst into tears, Billy wished he could tell her everything, about the real monster Neil had been, about Steve needing him right now.
“He was a monster, he didn’t deserve you, he wasn’t good enough for you and Susan.”
“I never knew what to do when he’d, when he’d shove you and, and hit you, I didn’t know what to do.” Max sniffled and wiped her eyes.
“I know, you couldn’t do anything.” Billy pet her head briefly, unsure of what to do. “I’ve got to go, but we can talk about this, and don’t tell your friends about the shit Neil used to do, I mean to me. Got it?”
“Uh-huh.” Max looked down at her toast and put a slice in her mouth, Billy had a feeling he was too late with that request, which meant that Hopper would have a motive to slap on to Billy making him a more attractive suspect. Billy walked over to her window and opened it slowly, he looked back at Max, she looked worried, he winked at her and slid out. He ran to his car and got in as quietly as he good, he threw it in neutral and let it roll onto the street, the iced road helped him keep some momentum, he was just passed the end of the block and he started it up and sped off to Steve’s house.
 
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________
 
 
Steve struggled into his thermal pants, and shirt, he slipped his jeans on over that, and then a heavy wool sweater, followed by an old army jacket and hunter’s cap. He was still cold. He dug a knit scarf out of the back of his closet and looped it twice around his neck. He sat on the floor exhausted and dizzy. Billy would be there soon. Steve pulled his snow boots out from under his bed and stepped into them, he was so cold his fingers were shaking. His joints burned. It was soon, it was coming too soon. He had to get to the bomb-shelter. The house was empty, his father wouldn’t get home till six, Steve would be long gone by then, he’d be in the bomb-shelter, Billy would be watching over him. Steve tried to shake off the fear, he’d changed before, he could do it again, he would never hurt Billy, never. After Steve laced on his boots he laid down on the floor and rested his eyes.
 
 
Steve startled awake.
“Billy?” Steve sat up, he sniffed at the air, something smelled off, he wasn’t sure what, he was warm, he could feel himself trembling. He squinted at the clock by his bed. It was a quarter after three.
“Shit!” Steve pulled himself up the side of the bed, he grabbed his key and looped it over his head knocking his hat off, he didn’t have time. He couldn’t wait for Billy. He was worried, what had happened? Was Billy hurt? Did he change his mind? Was he still afraid of him? Steve staggered out of his bedroom door and sidewinded down the hall like a drunkard, when he got to the top of the stairs he pitched forward with vertigo and went down the stairs the fast way, head over heels. When he landed he lost his breath and felt his head thud against the floor. 
“Shit.” He rolled on his side, he couldn’t stay in the house. Steve staggered up and made his way to the back door and went out into the cold. He made it past the property fence and paused to dry heave, and then stumbled forward. He looked around hoping to see Billy, he inhaled sharply searching for his scent on the breeze, but Billy wasn’t there, wasn’t close. Steve forced himself on, suddenly the woods felt too large, his breathing was ragged, his chest was hammering. He tripped along making himself take step after step.
“Where are you?” Steve struggled forward, his head felt like a struck bell, a migraine to end all migraines had kicked in. He followed his nose and reached out his hands and felt the cold surface of the bomb-shelter door. He’d made it, he reached up to the chain around his neck and snapped it off, he fumbled a bit with the key but got it in the lock popped it open. His hands and knees were wet with snow and clinging earth and mud, he attempted it climb down the rungs, but managed to just fall down the ten feet to the concrete below.
“Shit.” He could smell concrete and moisture, old metal and woolen blankets, coffee grounds in a broken canister.  It was strangely relaxing to be laying in near total darkness with just a trapezoid of the night’s sky floating ten feet above him where the door was open. He knew he needed to climb the rungs and close the door, but he just couldn’t. He shivered, and whimpered. He coiled up tight, panting. His skin felt too tight, he wanted to die, he wanted to be in Billy’s arms, he wanted everything to stop.
 
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________
 
 
The Camaro came to a screeching halt in front of the Harrington’s home and Billy got out and slammed the door, he sprinted across the front of the property and ran up the side yard, the side gate was open and he ran along the edge of the pool and out the back gate, it was ajar. Billy’s heart thudded in his chest, he’d forgotten his flashlight and the sky was clogged with clouds, it was nearly full dark even though it wasn’t even four yet. He did his best to stay on the right path, he consoled himself that if the gate was open that meant that Steve had gone out to the bomb-shelter. Billy hoped that Steve was stronger this time, the last time he’d looked like he had the flu, and had as much strength as a new born fawn.
Billy paused and cupped his hands around his mouth, “Steve!” He swiveled around, no sounds, no returned call. Billy ran hard, he knew he was getting closer. He nearly ran right passed the mouth of the bomb-shelter. The door was wide open, the soil was turned and and muddied snow was slush at the foot of the threshold. Billy hesitantly leaned in.
“Steve?” He called softly. His heart was pounding from the run, but it wouldn’t slow, if Steve wasn’t answering he may have already turned. 
“Don’t eat me.” Billy whispered. He turned and started going down the ladder, his heart moved up to his throat, it was pitch black down there, and was as cold as a walk in freezer. He turned slowly on his heels and swatted around till his fingers stroked the hanging light cord. He clicked it on and blinked. Steve’s clothes were on the floor, Billy had managed not to walk on them despite them being strewn around. The chain and the key were on the floor. Steve wasn’t under the bottom bunk or hiding on the top bunk. Billy rolled his eyes, he was looking for Steve when he needed to be looking for a giant wolf. 
“I’ll find you.” Billy ran his hands over his head, he couldn’t wait for Steve to come back, he grabbed the backpack from their last visit and pulled out the heavy flashlight and tucked it into his belt and went up the rungs. When he got to the top he turned on the flashlight and ran its beam over the uneven earth. Billy looked for tracks, he circled around and shining the light getting frustrated, he nearly missed his first clue, it wasn’t a paw print, but a palm print. Billy crouched and followed the direction it was pointed in, the next clear print was a paw print, and then more, further and further apart.
“You’re running, you fucker.” Billy laughed, he felt relieved, if Steve was out galloping around he would probably come back like he had before, but Billy didn’t want to wait, he wanted to see him, wanted to be sure. He jogged along the tracks, occasionally catching his boots on stones and broken branches buried in the half frosted snow. 
He followed the trail for nearly twenty minutes and was starting to worry, he wasn’t sure how far Steve had gone, he worried it might be miles, that Steve might circle back and head into town, lured by the lights and the sounds and whatever else might tickle his nose.
Billy cupped his hands around his mouth and called “Steve!” He put his fingers to his lips and blasted a shrill whistle. He didn’t think it would work, but it might at the very least get Steve’s attention. Billy called again, bellowing at full volume “STEVE!” He paced back and forth a bit, he shined the light down and twisted in a half circle, he’d lost the tracks. 
“Damnit.” Billy whistled again. His flash light flickered, the battery was weak. 
A strange curling whistle came out from the shadows, Billy turned around sharply, his hands folded into fists. Another sound, like gurgling water, followed by a lower rumble came from the opposite direction.
“Steve?” Billy didn’t think it was Steve, but he really wished it was. He slapped the bottom of the flashlight to his palm and it flickered to life, the beam landed on a creature that looked freshly skinned. Billy jumped back startled and sidestepped away, not sure what he was looking at, but not wanting to take his eyes off of it either. His breathing quickened, the creature was steaming faintly, its furless skin catching some of the moonlight that had managed to breakthrough the cloud cover. A snapping branch caught Billy’s attention and he looked over his left shoulder only to see another one, this one opened its mouth and a sound like metal scraping erupted from its maw. Billy ran. He could hear the things chasing him, he could hear their scrabbling claws digging into the earth as they chased him, he’d seen two, but was certain there was more than two, maybe four, he didn’t have time, he had to run. He decided he’d have to find his way back to the shelter, maybe close himself in if he could get there fast enough. 
He felt a claw scrape at the back of his jacket, Billy leapt and slid on his side like he was sliding onto home plate and when he hit the bottom of the hollow jumped up on his feet and careened down the along the base of the shallow dale, he could hear one coming up on his left and he turned and pitched his flashlight at it, he heard the sound of it connecting but didn’t stop to see if he’d actually injured whatever the hell was chasing him. His boot broke through a thin layer of ice and Billy pitched forward and into an icy puddle of mud, he whipped over on his back just in time to kick out and catch a beast in the chest. 
“GET OFF!” Billy yelled as another one got near, he kicked it in the side of its bulbous head, which then hissed and opened like a triple Venus-flytrap. It reared back as if to strike like a cobra and another one was crawling quickly down the side of the dale, Billy whipped around feeling surrounded and terrified. 
A huge form landed above him, growling so deeply it shook Billy’s body. It was Steve, it was him in his wolf form. His powerful animal frame was standing over him protecting him, the creatures were dwarfed by him, they looked naked and weak against his furred ferocity, the heat radiating off of the beast made a mist that glowed with moonlight, it was as if the light was coming from within the animal. In an instant the creatures were on the wolf, their skinny claws and flapping jaws were digging at the wolf’s limbs and fur, the earth was flying as the wolf rolled and snapped. Billy shuffled backwards still on his back slipping in mud and ice. 
“Steve!” Billy yelled, not knowing if Steve even knew his own name when he was like this. Billy flinched when a headless monster landed a few inches from him, the wolf was winning, there had to have been a half dozen of the demon like creatures, and they were being torn apart.  A nordic breeze cut down the hollow and the sky above cleared exposing the enormous silvery moon. Billy saw the flash of amber eyes of the wolf as it caught a creature mid leap and shook it till it was broken. The wolf with it’s silvery burnished coat and large honey eyes leapt at Billy, Bily crouched in horror, thinking this was it, the end and then he realized that the wolf had caught one more of the creatures, it had been about to jump on Billy, but the wolf got in its path and snapped it up in his powerful jaws. It was over as quickly as it begun. Billy crawled up on his hands and knees, the wolf turned about sniffing at its kills, nosing them and making sure they weren’t getting up. 
“Steve?” Billy’s voice shook uncontrollably. He peeled off his jacket, it was heavy with water and mud.
The wolf turned its eyes on Billy, and took a shy step forward, its giant ears twitching. 
“It’s me.” Billy said weakly. The wolf stepped sideways, nervously. A distant sound of crackling branches could be heard and the wolf pitched its head to the sound. “Don’t, don’t go! Steve. Damnit!” The wolf turned and clambered up the side of the slope. Billy ran up the incline and saw the wolf was nearly twenty feet away already heading to the sound. Billy wasn’t about to let him go off in the woods and leave him there alone. “STEVE! YOU FUCKING IDIOT!” Billy pulled off his mud soaked sweater and pitched it at the wolf’s head. The sweater landed a bit short, just a yard or so from it target. The wolf looked down at the sweater and sniffed it.
“Steve, it’s me. It’s Billy.” Billy stepped nearer, he was shaking with cold and fear. The wolf licked its chops making Billy stiffen in alarm, then he realized he had gore on his face from the creatures it had mauled. “I’m not kissing you for a week.” Billy mumbled.
The wolf moved closer to Billy and sniffed at his chest and neck. Billy could feel his humid breath, heating his skin. 
“It’s me.” Billy tentatively touched the sides of the giant wolf’s head.  The wolf was so tall Billy could rest his chin on its head. The wolf seemed to read his mind and tucked its head into Billy’s chest and nudged him.
“I know you’re in there.” Billy whispered into the wolf’s ear, and pressed his face into the thick fur, all his fear melted into exhaustion.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry I was late, I didn’t want to be.” Billy hugged the wolf’s neck and was overcome, he sobbed and held tight. The wolf didn’t pull away. Billy held on.
“I think I’m going to get locked up, I think I’m really fucked, Hopper’s going to figure it out, he knows I shot Neil. I’m fucked, Steve, I don’t want to go to prison. I just want to be with you, you’re all I want. I don’t care if you’re a werewolf, or whatever the fuck you are. I just want you.”
More sounds were coming from the distance, it could just be the melting of the frost, or a roaming bobcat, or those skinned nightmares. Billy felt the wolf in his arms lurch at the sounds.
“It’s okay, c’mon, we’re going back.” Billy kept one hand on the wolf’s shoulder and started leading him, he hoped, back to the bomb-shelter. “I’m fucking freezing, and there are monsters in these fucking woods, and I’m not sure you’re going to believe me when I tell you about it in the morning.” Billy shivered and pressed close to the wolf.
Billy wasn’t sure how he’d managed to find his way back to the bomb-shelter but he did, and he was beyond grateful to get in somewhere with a walls and a door, he didn’t know if there were more creatures out there. 
The wolf seemed to have reservations about the bomb-shelter, he sniffed at the entrance.
“You get in there.” Billy pointed at the small doorframe, it would be a squeeze, but the wolf would fit. The wolf looked at him, and then where he was pointing, and jumped away sideways and then rushed at him and stopped and ran around a small mound and then made figure eights around some trees and stopped in front of Billy and sneezed in his face.
“I’m going to kill you.” Billy said calmly and wiped his face, “Get in the hole, Steve.” Billy pointed again. The wolf looked at the hole and sat down.
“Fine, you stay out here and freeze and if those fucking things come around you better make sure they don’t get in.” Billy crawled down the ladder into the ground. He sat down on the bottom bunk feeling utterly drained. He worried that the wolf would wander off, maybe try and track the those monsters. It was then that the giant form of the wolf landed silently in the bomb-shelter. It walked onto the bunk and broke the supports and tipped over some cans, and walked around Billy in a half circle and then curled around him like furry doughnut. 
“You’re a wrecking ball.” Billy threw himself against the wolf’s side, he was warm and safe, he thought he should close the door, but fell dead asleep before he could get up to do it. 
 
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________
 
 
Billy awoke wrapped in Steve’s arms, the thin mattress was tilted, half of the bunkbed’s legs were bent, no doubt from the weight of Steve in his wolf form. Billy surmised that Steve had awoken before him, clearly back in his human form because he’d closed the door and that required fingers. There was a small battery operated lamp glowing in the corner, the sleeping bag was swaddled tightly around Billy. Even though Steve was outside of the down-filled nylon sleeping bag he felt warm when Billy stroked back his wild hair from his forehead. Steve was bruised and scratched, he looked like a boxer, maybe not as bad as he’d looked after their fight, but still pretty rough. Billy was surprised there was a mark on him, he’d grown accustomed to Steve healing at an incredible rate. There was a faint scent of bile. Billy half sat up and wrinkled his nose. He looked on the floor near the bottom of the bunk and a saucer sized puddle of thin vomit was staining the concrete. Billy placed his hand over Steve’s temple, he was always hot, it was difficult to know if he was running a fever. He made a mental note to take Steve’s temperature when he was feeling good to see what his typical temperature was now, Billy was certain it was higher than the average ninety-eight degrees.
Steve opened his eyes, they were bloodshot, Billy watched as Steve focused.
“Are you okay?” Steve mumbled sitting up.
“I’m better than you are. Do you remember what happened, I mean last night?”
“You didn’t come… what happened?”
“Hopper found Neil’s body, he came by the house to tell us.”
“Oh man.” Steve sat up straighter, “Don’t um, don’t admit to anything, I need to talk to him.”
“I’m not stupid, I didn’t tell him, oh by the way, I shot my old man! What do you mean you need to talk to him? What are you gonna say?” Billy snapped, “You stay out of it, do you want him to know what you are? Do you think he’ll believe you if you tell him I shot Neil because he was a werewolf?”
“No, Billy,” Steve paused, and cupped his hand over his mouth, and got off the bed like a shot, he grabbed a bucket that had been sitting the opposite corner and threw up into it.
“Sorry.” Steve wiped his mouth and grabbed one of the big water containers and took a mouth full of water and swished and spit it into the bucket, the second mouthful he swallowed.
“Steve, there are fucking monsters in the woods.” Billy sat up and pushed back the sleeping-bag.
“What? I thought that was a dream.”
“You remember?”
“Demodogs.” Steve muttered.
“What the fuck are demodogs? Those things, you know what they are? There were nearly a dozen of them. I thought they were going to kill me.”
“I kind of remember,” Steve frowned, “I thought they were all dead, I thought they died when, when,” Steve bit his lip, not wanting to say Jane’s name, not wanting to say all the names that he wanted to forget, Demogorgon, Mind-Flayer, Upside-Down…
“When what?”
“I need to tell you, I need to tell you everything. I wanted to, but what I am, what’s happening now, to me, it’s almost too much? But, I feel like, with you I can handle this?”
“What are you talking about, Harrington?” Billy demanded.
“I would have told you sooner, but I made a promise.” Steve said quickly.
“Is this something to do with that fucking lab?”
“Yes.”
“Were those like genetically modified dogs or something?”
“Worse.”
“Spit it out, now.”
Steve took a deep breath, he knew Billy was angry and would only get angrier if he didn’t answer him, but the truth felt impossible, but what he’d become was also impossible.
“The people at the lab they ran tests on kids, and trained them to use telekinetic powers, or like gave them drugs that helped them develop them, I’m not sure, but like one of those kids managed to cross dimensions, and she opened a gate or something, like a rift in-between the planes, I don’t know it has something to do with physics, and these monsters got in, or came over, or like traveled through space, but not space, they’re not aliens, and they’re not from earth, and then, they ate Barb, and Will got stuck in their dimension, and everyone thought he was dead, and the government, like they’re in on this so they tried to cover it up because they can’t have bad press, or like the Russian’s knowing what they’re doing… but it’s okay now, because um, the the hole, well we all called it a gate, it’s closed now and no more monsters, and somehow, I mean I don’t know for sure, but I think I killed the last of them, or all of the ones that were left behind, and I know a way to check, I just need to talk to someone, and I’ll find out for sure.” Steve stopped talking, Billy’s face was an emotionless mask.
“Is this the shit that went down the night we had that fight?” Billy asked woodenly.
“Yeah, that’s when we finally closed the gate, well I didn’t, they got Bob too, poor guy.” Steve mumbled.
“I don’t know who the fuck that is,”
“Joyce’s boyfriend,”
“I don’t care who the fuck Bob was. All this shit was going down and you were running around with those kids and my sister.”
“I didn’t want her involved, I didn’t want any of them involved, I had to step in, there was no one around to look out for them!”
Billy shoved Steve into the shelf of canned goods, they clattered down around Steve’s feet, a couple jars exploded fruit and glass shards flew everywhere.
“That night I thought you were a fucking asshole, you know that? I wondered if you were secretly a fucking creep, then I thought fuck it, he’s just trying to impress his ex-girl’s little brother. After the fight, I let it go, I wanted to move passed it… I can’t believe how many times I’ve been wrong about you!”
“Billy?” Steve stepped forward and Billy shoved him again.
“NO. This isn’t about us, this is about Max, she could have died, she could have been attacked by one of those things, even last night, all the times she’s been running around with her little geek friends, there’s fucking monsters out there and you decided not to tell me because you made a promise!” Billy was screaming, his voice bounced off the hard surfaces, Steve felt his pulse jumping in his neck but kept himself still, he couldn’t lay a hand on Billy, if he did, even if it was just to calm him, Billy wouldn’t stand for it. There were tears in Billy’s eyes.
“I need to get Max away from here.” Billy turned and moved towards the ladder.
Steve took a few steps after him, he felt glass cut his foot and limped a little forward grimacing with pain, Billy didn’t hesitate, didn’t look back.
“Billy, wait.” Steve pleaded. 
“Get away from me. I can’t trust you.” Billy sneered and went up the ladder, he shoved open the door and climbed out into the cold morning light. 
 
 
Steve stood at the bottom of the ladder, his heart was pounding so hard he thought it would rupture. He wanted to chase him, to run Billy down, to pounce him, to make him stay, but he knew it would only make things worse. Steve wondered if maybe Billy was right to be angry, to not trust him, Steve had kept a secret from Billy, a secret that had changed the course of both of their lives, a secret that could have led to Max’s maiming, or death. He leaned dizzily on the ladder, the memories were murky, he’d been running, it was night, the forest was both familiar and alien. Steve closed his eyes trying to pull memories from the wolf. Billy had needed him, Billy had been afraid, and the demodogs! He’d scented them, he’d been stalking them, but they’d found Billy first. Steve remembered killing them, snapping the little hairless beasts like kindling, feeling them die in his jaws and the thrilling satisfaction of it. He remembered wanting to kill every last one of them to prove to Billy that he could protect him. Steve opened his eyes, he wanted to tell Billy, to explain, somehow… but Billy was gone.
 
 
A long wailing lonely howl erupted from the bomb-shelter. Steve hadn’t meant to, he hadn’t decided, it just spilled out with a wave of tears.
 
 
Steve  dragged himself up the ladder and shuffled back to the house, he didn’t bother with shoes, he didn’t care about his cut foot. He managed to put on his pants and that was enough. He decided he didn’t care about anything anymore. When he got to the house the kitchen sliding door was unlocked. He ghosted into the house and crawled into his bed. 
He stayed in bed for three days straight, he only got up to pee when he was sure his parents weren’t around. His mother had knocked on the third morning, but when she’d attempted to open it and found it locked she’d given up, or maybe just decided to let Steve choose when he would come out… Steve couldn’t be sure, and didn’t care. 
 
 
He was heart sick and nauseous. He didn’t feel like running, he didn’t want to walk out in the night, he didn’t want to eat. He only wanted Billy and Billy was done with him.
 
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________
 
 
There was a soft wrapping on his door. 
“No.” Steve said as he rolled over turning his back on the door.
“Steve?” Nancy’s voice came through the door.
“Go away.” Steve groaned.
“Hey! Steve?” She thumped the door.
“I said GO AWAY.” Steve sat up, his head spun. He could smell her Chloé perfume, the clinging scent that was composed of Jonathan, the fabric softener in her clothes, the dried lavender that she kept in her underwear drawer.
“Steve, if you don’t open the door, your mom’s going to call an ambulance.” 
Steve thought Nancy sounded serious. He got up and walked over and unlocked the door and then walked back to bed and tipped himself in as she opened the door.
“Ugh, it smells in here.”
“Then leave.” Steve mumbled into his pillow.
“What’s going on? You’ve not been at school, are you sick?”
“Yes.”
Nancy walked over and sat on the edge of his bed. He stayed with his back turned to her.
“Steve, there were demodogs in the woods.” Nancy said quietly. 
Steve held still.
“Hopper found them, or their remains. El says they’re gone, that there aren’t anymore. She thinks they were left behind when the gate closed, which kind of blows the hive-mind theory, I guess somethings we’ll never know. Every time we think it’s over…” Nancy’s voice trailed off. She touched Steve’s shoulder and he flinched.
“Are you hurt?” Nancy’s voice pitched high up with worry.
“I’m fine, I’m just sick and I had a spill.” Steve lied.
“What?”
“Just forget, I was drunk. I fell.”
“When? Where were you?”
“The woods.”
“Are you going to let me see your face?”
Steve sat up and threw back the blankets, he looked at her with his bruises and scrapes on his face. He pulled at the sleeve of his t-shirt seeing the bruises on his arms for the first time, he hadn’t realized how many bruises he still had. He wondered how much demodog he’d ingested, maybe that’s why he was so sick, and healing so slowly… or maybe he was just dying without Billy.
“Oh my God. You fell in the woods, Steve? Steve, did you get in a fight, did you really fall?”
“Look, I’m fine, I just need a few days, okay, I’m sick, I drank too much, I fell, a lot, and I just want to sleep. Is that okay with you Nance?” Steve frowned, he felt like a total dick lying to her and being short with her.
“This isn’t you, Steve.” Nancy said, her back straight, her eyes worried.
“Look, I’m sorry, I just feel like shit.”
“Did you get in another fight with Billy?”
“Leave Billy out of this!” Steve could hear the shift in his tone, he forced himself to lay back.
“Why are you defending him, did he do this?”
“No.”
“Steve!”
“No, you know what, we’re not a couple, you don’t get to waltz in here and tell me how to be. My life is my business.”
“I know we’re not a couple,” Nancy snapped back, “But I’m your friend Steve, and I care.”
“Well don’t. Just get out Nancy.”
“Fine. When you’re done being an asshole you should call me.” Nancy got up and left the room, she slammed the door behind her. Steve knew she wasn’t done, she was too stubborn to be done and he dreaded whatever she’d do next. 
 
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________
 
 
Billy was alone in his room, he had the stereo blasting Metallica and was using his weights to blow off steam. He didn’t want to think about Steve. About the monsters in the woods. He didn’t know how things were going to end with Neil’s corpse being at the morgue or how he was going to convince Susan that she and Max should go back to California, he knew if he managed to do that, Max would never speak to him again. He laid on the floor and started doing sit-ups and alternated with push-ups. He hadn’t seen Steve for five days and it hurt, all of it hurt. He kept telling himself he couldn’t trust Steve. He couldn’t trust anyone. The stereo speakers were buzzing he had them on so loud the little speakers were starting to fail. He thought about going for a drive, thought about going for drive into the ravine and just never having to think again.
He realized that Max was banging on his door, he rolled up on his feet and turned off the stereo.
“What?” He swung open the door, she dramatically removed her fingers from her ears.
“Nancy is here.”
“What?”
“I said Nancy is here, to see you.”
“This ought to be good.” Billy grunted and walked past Max to the front of the house.
“She’s my friend Billy, be nice.”
“What you two hang out now?”
“No, but I hang out with her brother, and she’s always nice to me, she’s cool Billy.”
“Right.” Billy looked up as he rounded the corner into the living room and was surprised to see her standing there, for some reason he’d thought she’d be waiting on the porch, of course Max had invited her in.
“What’s up, Wheeler?” Billy drawled.
“Did you beat up Steve?” Nancy was looking at Billy like she wanted to scratch his eyes out.
“Billy did you beat up Steve?!” Max piped up from behind him, “Again?”
“No.” Billy looked Nancy and then Max, “Max, go away, me and Wheeler are talking.”
“Fine, it’s not like I won’t find out what you’re talking about anyways, and if someone laid a finger on Steve, I’m gonna kick their ass.”
Billy looked at Max with a mixture of pride and confusion, why she was such a Harrington fan he wasn’t sure, but the fact that she wanted to kick someone’s ass was promising.
“Shove-off, Hobbit.” Billy said dryly.
Max flipped him off and went into her room.
“I didn’t beat up your ex, go ask him yourself.”
“I already did.”
“Then why are you here?”
“Because I think you’re both lying.”
“Well Nancy Drew, you’re not solving this case, because we’re both telling the truth.”
“Look, Jonathan said that you and Steve are friends now,”
“Looks like he’s a better sleuth than you are, maybe because he went to the source?”
“If you’re really his friend you should know he’s in bad shape.”
“We were friends.” Billy said his voice lowering, he didn’t even know why he was still talking to her.
“Well good for him if it’s over, I swear Billy, you’re clinical, like a grade A sociopath.”
“Ooh, good for you Doctor Wheeler, you reading the DSM-III in your spare time?”
Nancy glared at him, he could see the muscle in her jaw working. She was clearly livid.
“I’m sorry I came.” Nancy turned and went out the front door. 
 
 
Nancy walked off the porch, she wanted to scream, why were guys such jerks? Clearly there was something very wrong, and neither of them were going to say what it was. Nancy had grilled Max but it was clear that she didn’t know what was going on. There were other things too, what had happened to Neil Hargrove? Nancy’s mind was whirling, dead demodogs, Steve looking like he’d been in a brawl, El said they were gone, so they had to be gone right? She wondered if Demodogs had eaten Neil and got a chill, she walked right into someone, she was so lost in thought, and let out a yelp.
“Nancy!” Hopper had her by her shoulders, “I said your name three times, are you alright?”
“Oh, yeah, I was just thinking.”
“What are you doing here, are dropping off Max?”
“No, I was talking to Billy.”
“Are you two friends?”
“Hardly.”
“What was it about?” Hopper pressed gently.
“I think him and Steve got in a fight, but they’re both lying about it.” Nancy shook her head.
“Do me a favor?”
“Okay?”
“Stay away from Billy Hargrove, just till I figure something out.” Hopper said in a low serious tone.
“What’s going on?”
“It’s complicated.” “Hopper, you know you can trust me?”
“I do, but for now, I just need you to trust me, okay?”
“Okay.” Nancy nodded uncertainly, but if she trusted anyone it was Jim Hopper.
“I’m going to go see Steve.” Hopper glanced at the Hargrove residence, he didn’t think Billy would skip town, but if he did he’d probably take his Camaro, something told Hopper that kid loved his car, the way he drove it, how quickly he’d gotten it repaired after the kids had stolen it. There was no way he’d leave without it, and it would be easy to find. If it came down to a manhunt, it would be the first give-away. Hopper hated thinking that way, but things weren’t looking good for Billy Hargrove.
 
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________
 
 
Steve hadn’t moved since Nancy left. He hadn’t slept either. He’d just laid in his bed watching the light creep across the ceiling as the day passed. He recognized the sound of Hopper’s Blazer coming down the road. Steve closed his eyes and tried to will him to keep driving. He heard the engine cut and was bitterly disappointed. Then he remembered, Billy was the number one suspect in the murder of Neil Hargrove, because he’d done it, but Hopper didn’t know why. Steve stumbled out of his bed and grabbed some jeans and stepped into them, he grabbed a clean t-shirt out of his drawers and a sweater too and pulled them on as quickly as possible and ignored his aches and pains. He was halfway down the stairs when he heard Hopper ring the doorbell. 
“Hopper, I gotta talk to you.” Steve said as he opened the door, Hopper raised his brows in mild surprise and stepped in.
“Come up stairs.”
“Slow down, why do you look like you’ve gone three rounds with Evander Holyfield and have the flu?”
“I’m going to explain, all of it. Just come upstairs. I need to show you something.”
Steve turned and headed up the steps. Hopper watched him limp up the steps.
“Why are you limping? You can’t show me whatever it is down here?” Hopper looked at him, his brow furrowed.
“I stepped on some glass. Um, okay, just wait down here, I’ll be right back.” Steve disappeared at the top of the stairs and Hopper paced the hallway. The house was warmly decorated but felt more like a movie set than a cozy home, like it was meant to be seen, but not lived in. He shifted in place a bit feeling impatient. He didn’t know what Steve was up to, or why he was covering for Billy, if Billy had in fact beaten him up. Hopper looked up when he heard Steve coming down the stairs.
“Three nights ago,” Steve paused, he looked around and sniffed, his parents were out, he wasn’t sure when they’d be back, he didn’t even know what time it was. “What time is it?”
“It’s Six-Fifteen, what about three nights ago?” 
“Whenever the full moon was, I went out and I killed a dozen demodogs, I think I got them all, I don’t think there are anymore.”
“Kid, you went out on your own? What were you thinking?”
“I didn’t mean to, I didn’t know they were out there, I just found them, well first they found Billy, and then I found them.”
“Billy Hargrove was attacked by demodogs?” Hopper couldn’t believe what he was hearing, Nancy hadn’t said anything about Billy looking injured. 
“They tried.” Steve said, his tone verging on anger. 
“I got between him and them. It’s kind of a blur.”
“Were you armed? How the hell did you kill that many? I found them, well I found, shreds of them.” Hopper shook his head, not believing.  “I killed them, and I think I ate one too, or at least a part of one, I feel really sick. I’ve thrown up like four times.”
“Steve, what the hell are you talking about?” Hopper put his hands on Steve’s shoulders and Steve flinched away.
“I killed them, I killed them because I’m a werewolf Hopper, I’m a werewolf because Neil Hargrove bit me!”
“Neil Hargrove is dead, Steve. Do you have a fever?” Hopper raised a hand to touch Steve’s brown but he ducked away.
“I know he’s dead, and he’s full of silver bullets isn’t he?”
“How did you know that?” Hopper’s voice came out low and astonished, his expression turned to deep worry.
“Look you can’t,” Steve shook his head,  “I had to kill him because he bit me and I thought if I shot him, I’d go back to being normal, but it didn’t happen, I’ve changed into a werewolf, like a really big, pony sized werewolf. If you go back to the place where you found the demodogs and really look, you’ll see my paw-prints!”
“You shot Neil, huh? Alright, what’d you do with the body?”
Steve paced, he remembered walking to the bomb-shelter with Billy the first night and how nervous he’d been when Steve said he smelled something dead.
“I buried him, back there.” Steve pointed to the land beyond his backyard, “maybe a half mile back. He attacked me eight weeks ago, almost exactly eight weeks ago, and I shot him, but I’m still a werewolf.”
“Steve.” Jim Hopper took off his hat, it was clear that Steve had finally had a mental breakdown, it was just too much, Hopper had always worried that one of the kids would never recover, never get through the trauma, he’d always thought it was going to be poor Will, but clearly it was Steve. If Steve really had a paranoid break, maybe he could just be institutionalized, maybe even a house arrest and lots of medication and daily sessions with a shrink, but that wouldn’t work, if he told them the truth, they’d never take him off medication, he’d be medicated to the gils for the wrong illness. Hopper felt the weight of grief, the heaviness of loss. He’d lost Steve to the UpsideDown. 
“I’m not crazy. Just come with me. We’ll find the tracks, and here take this.” Steve handed Hopper a handkerchief it was wrapped around a small weighty object, Jim opened the cloth and saw a lump of silver, it was the same size as the ones that had been in Neil’s body, it looked like it’s been shot into something solid and dug out.
“Where’d you get this?” Hopper asked.
“I missed, it went in the ground, by the pool, I dug it out. I can’t touch it though.”
“Why not, wait, you can’t touch it because it’s silver?” Hopper chuckled sadly, Steve was so far gone.
“Well, I can.” Steve held out his hand with his palm open and flat. 
Hopper placed the compacted lump in his palm, he half expected Steve to cry out and throw it on the ground, but Steve held his hand perfectly still. Hopper looked at Steve’s face, the corners of Steve’s eyes were welling with tears and his cheeks were flushing. Hopper frowned and looked down at Steve’s upturned hand. The skin around the silver was going from pink to red, and slowly starting to smolder, hopper hadn’t ever seen anything like it, Steve’s skin was cooking from the contact. Hopper plucked it up half expecting it to be hot, the metal was cold, and Steve’s hand had a significant burn where it had been laid. 
 
 
An hour later they were standing in the hollow where the battle with the demodogs had taken place on the night of the full moon. Steve was bundled in his heavy winter jacket. He’d found Billy’s jacket and the sweater he’d loaned him, it hadn’t been hard, the scent of Billy had practically brought him to his knees when the wind first carried it to him. Steve had the soiled clothes bundled up and under his arm. Hopper was crouched over a huge paw print in the soft earth, his fingers spread measuring the size of it.
“Do you believe me now?” Steve asked hopelessly.
Hopper stood up and looked up at the sky and back over at Steve. When he’d come across the demodog pieces he’d been too distracted to even think to look for prints, he chided himself for being sloppy. There were the wolf prints and what Hopper imagined to be Billy’s boot prints.
“These here, these are Billy’s?” Hopper shined the light on the tracks.
“Yeah.” Steve nodded his eyes glossy.
“I think you’re telling me half the truth, and I don’t like it.” Hopper announced.
“I’m a werewolf, Neil was a werewolf, he infected me.” Steve said tiredly.
“And the same night he infected you, you were carrying a pistol with sliver bullets?”
“I knew he was a werewolf.” Steve mumbled.
“Tell me the truth Steve, can you give me the benefit of the doubt and just tell me the truth?” Hopper had a headache and things were not quite right, and he was out of patience.
“I killed Neil Hargrove!” Steve yelled it at the sky. Hopper rolled his eyes, and momentarily dreaded the fact that Jane had many teenage years ahead of her.
“Let me tell you what happened.” Hopper said gently.
“Neil infected you, and Billy helped you kill him.”
“What, no, he wouldn’t shoot his own father.” Steve shook his head, tears streaming down his face.
“Steve, just tell me the truth.”
“I killed him, I did it.” Steve was weeping. Hopper walked forward and stopped short when Steve flinched backward.
“Why are you lying? Did Billy threaten you? Is he blackmailing you? He’s got some hold over you? Kid, I can’t make this go away.”
“Yes you can! You can! If you give a shit about me you’ll make this go away.” Steve knelt on the ground in a mess of sobbing tears.
“I can’t prove you shot Neil, let’s say you never handed me that lump of silver, that doesn’t change the fact I was with Callahan when I found the body. It was behind your property, but you’re were never a suspect, you didn’t even know Neil, but your friendship with Billy did seem to start around that time. Charlie told me he saw you two at Rossini’s the night that Neil Hargrove went missing. He said Billy was acting weird and that you looked irritated when Billy talked to you.”
“You can lock me up, but if you do, you better put me in solitary confinement on the full moon.” Steve sniffled.
“I’m not running a prison.” Hopper groaned as he sat down on the cold damp earth next to Steve. He was just grateful it hadn’t snowed in the last few days.
“Steve, if I know the truth, the whole truth, I can bend it, I guess that makes me a good government employee.” Hop said bitterly, “How about this, I’ll tell you what happened?” Hopper looked at Steve, but he was just staring at the ground.
“Neil bit you, and it was in your backyard, just like you said, but maybe Billy knew what his father was, and maybe he saw what was happening and Billy had been planning, he had the pistol, he had the silver bullets, and he shot his father. Now, maybe you two are friends, or maybe Billy knows your dark secret, maybe you’re protecting him, but he shot Neil, not you. You’re not a killer.”
“I’m an apex predator.” Steve grumbled.
“I’m tired, my head hurts, my ass hurts.” Hopper stated.
“You can’t arrest him.” Steve said weakly.
“Well not with the evidence at hand.”
“Hopper!”
“I’m not going to, he was doing a public service.” Hopper shrugged, “I still don’t like that kid.”
“I love him.”
“You’re kidding me?” Hopper looked up to the heavens, it had been a very long day.
 
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________
 
 
Steve got up and showered, it was the first time in a week. The night he’d been out in the woods with Hopper and Hopper had figured everything out, and Steve even confessed his love for Billy. Much to Steve’s surprise neither of them were going to jail. Hopper hadn’t even really said much about Steve being in love with Billy Hargrove, beyond mild disbelief combined with benevolent acceptance.  
 
Steve ate an apple and drank a gallon of water, he still didn’t have his appetite back. He went outside and started walking in the morning light, it was actually starting to feel like winter was over, it was in the mid forties and the sun was bright. Most of the snow had melted. He found himself walking to Billy’s house. He didn’t know what would happen, but he had to see him, even if it was for the last time.
Steve rang the door bell of the Hargrove residents and stepped off the porch. The door opened and Steve felt his breath catch when he saw Billy, he looked like he been about to leave the house, he was wearing his brown jacket, his Saint Michael pendant caught the morning sun, his eyes liked a little weary, or maybe just sad. They stared at one another mutely. 
“Your girlfriend was here to chew me out yesterday for kicking your ass.” Billy said to break the silence.  “I came to tell you,” Steve paused, he could feel himself swaying, “You’re safe. Hopper’s not going to come after you. And those things in the woods are gone, I got them all.” 
Billy stared at Steve. His dark brows lowered, his mouth tight. He said nothing.
“Billy, if you’re leaving, I’m going with you, if you’ll let me. I’ll follow you to California or wherever you want to go. I know you don’t trust me, but, maybe I can earn it?” Steve walked up the porch and stood in front of Billy. Steve pressed his hands in his pockets, his face was yellowed with fading bruises and traces of red scratches, beneath all of that he was pale.
“You would go with me to California?” Billy asked casually, as if he was talking about a drive downtown or a walk to the arcade.
“I’d go anywhere on this earth with you.”
“Max really loves it here.” Billy pushed open the screen door and stepped out on to the porch.
“You should have told me about those things, Max told me how you saved her and Sinclair and that other dumbass kid. In the junk yard. How you went in the tunnels, because they were going to go without you.” Billy leaned on the door frame, his bright blue eyes shining as he spoke.
Steve opened his mouth to speak, but Billy stepped forward and caught his face and kissed him. Steve leaned into the kiss and Billy pulled him in closer, held him tightly. Steve shuddered and shivered returning the kisses.
“I think maybe you’ve kind of always been part wolf, Billy brushed Steve’s hair back looking at his healing bruises. "You looked after your pack.” Billy kissed Steve gently.
“We’re on your porch.” Steve said, not knowing what else to say, afraid the he was hoping for too much.
“Yeah.” Billy glanced around, and pulled Steve in the house and shut the door and pressed Steve’s back into it and kissed him again. “Harrington?” Billy looked into his lover’s eyes, and knew he was lost, he was ruined, no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t chase him away, couldn’t hate him, couldn’t run away, couldn’t freeze his own heart against this dopey werewolf.
“Harrington, I love you.” Billy said in a grudging tone his eyes dropping.
“What?” Steve asked cautiously.
“Do you still, love me?” Billy mumbled into Steve’s neck, not wanting to ask but dying to know.
“Like crazy.” Steve wanted to howl with joy, instead his kissed Billy, again and again and again.
 
 



Chapter End Notes
Thanks for reading, and if you read the first half when it was originally posted thanks for waiting! I meant it to be a one shot, but there was just so much to explore I had to come back to Werewolf!Steve. Still feel like I've barely scratched the surface. I hope you enjoyed it and also, thanks to all those that have commented, it really makes my heart leap whenever someone takes time to give me feedback! I had intended to finish this by Valentine's Day, but alas, a day late!



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



