



The Vamp in Timbs - Icandigelvis - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

The Vamp in Timbs
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/12140703.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Park Jimin, Jeon Jungkook & Park Jimin
Character:
Park Jimin (BTS), Jeon Jungkook, Kim Taehyung | V, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Kim Seokjin | Jin, Min Yoongi | Suga, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Necessary OCs - Character
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe - College/University, Alternate Universe - Modern Setting, Vampires, Alternate Universe - Vampire, Alternate Universe - Supernatural Elements, Social Media, Texting, Social AU, Smut
Stats:

        Published: 2017-09-20
          Completed: 2018-01-24
          Chapters: 3/3
        Words: 15048
      

The Vamp in Timbs
by Icandigelvis
Summary
Jimin wakes up from having blacked out at a party, no memory or evidence of anything crazy happening (if you don't count the "pretty" wine stains Tae got on his jeans). However, after a shower and some uni-level dinner later Jimin realizes the itch on his neck is no joke.
Notes
idk I'm still a little drunk while reading through this rn so this might be complete trash. It's 05:38 now and I've got a lecture in a couple hours heyooEdited 24/01-18:I can't believe I'm editing this while tipsy again haha, like why do I have a tendency to finish up fics after I've been out?? Anyway, I rewrote the end of the chapter a bit. And decided to use text screenshots instead, so if any of the images look weird or don't appear, please leave me a comment? ♡

          See the end of the work for more notes





Chapter 1



With a twitch Jimin woke up. Taking a moment to collect himself he sniffled, slowly sitting up on the bed. He looked around the room while his eyes narrowed; the dizzy feeling making his stomach grumble. He was still wearing all of his clothes, the red spot from Tae’s wine still on his jeans. While reaching up to scratch his head Jimin wondered if he’d have to throw the jeans away now. They weren’t exactly new but it was still a waste.The music was still going downstairs, the bass louder than before. Perhaps it was just Jimin’s perception since sobering up. Putting “sobering up” mildly, that was.Jimin felt like shit, still tipsy, carefully getting off the atrocious orange and brown striped covers. It had to be the parents room, considering the photo’s and general neatness. Jimin also raised an eyebrow at the large dresser on the other side of the room, three of the drawers painted pink, the other two blue.“Yikes,” he mumbled before turning around to pat the covers wrinkle-free. He wasn’t a complete animal; these were the parents room. Whether the parents in question were aware this party was going on or not was another thing, and to be completely honest Jimin couldn’t care less. The student who lived here, whatever his name was again, didn’t seem to care so why should Jimin. Taehyung and Hoseok had been dancing on the living room table earlier during the night, and Jimin, standing right below holding Hoseok’s second bottle of beer, could see the muddy marks their shoes left on the wooden surface. But when the student just turned up the volume in reply Jimin couldn’t help but to relax.Perhaps he’d relaxed too much. Or at least drank too much, he thought as he smacked his lips, feeling the dryness in his mouth. He needed water.Exiting the room the music instantly got louder, Jimin closing the door behind him to make his way down the stairs. To his surprise he couldn’t see anyone in the hallway, just traces of the party that had been. The kitchen was directly to the right, at least the remembered that, and Jimin eyed the bottles and drinks on the counters. A cutting board was still out, sliced lemons and an overturned box of salt beside the sink. Jiming grabbed a plastic cup from the stack on the kitchen island, filling it with water and gulping down quickly. Even with the slight stomach ache he couldn’t help but to innocently rock his hips a little to the song that started playing from the speakers in the other room.Two glasses later he discarded the plastic cup into the trash, drying his mouth with his sleeve. His sleeve of his black shirt. Where was his jacket?Fishing up his phone from his backpocket it told him it was 03:15, a lot later than he’d expected. He couldn’t remember how he’d ended up on the bed earlier, but started wondering if perhaps he’d fallen asleep somewhere else and someone had moved him. Jimin had written his first exam for the semester the same day as the party, as in he pulled an all nighter the day before. He had contemplated bailing out on Taehyung and Hoseok yesterday but eventually got convinced. Taehyung had dressed up so nicely and done his hair, excited to show off his new hair color to his friends and Jimin didn’t want to ruin his mood by not going.But Jimin’s lack of sleep would explain him getting knocked out. It was just a bit weird how he didn’t really… remember much.And as far as he could remember though they had fun yesterday. His memories started getting cloudy after he did that stupid shot challenge with his best friend, which was around midnight if Jimin remembered correctly. Nothing like university students getting trashed before midnight.Biting the edge of the plastic cup Jimin wondered if Hoseok had gotten home yet, he knew his friend had work at 7.Jimin cleared his throat, walking back into the hallway. Someone had to be in the living room or they all probably left for another place to trash. There hadn’t been too many people at the party, a little more than 20, and Jimin had met most of them before.With a hiccup he stopped in his steps as he stared at the scene in the living room before jumping backward instantly.Jesus.With eyes still wide he stared into a flower painting on the wall opposite the one he was pressed against. His mind kept replaying the view of the couple on the couch in the living room. Jimin had only caught a second of the naked girl riding up and down on some guy wearing red jeans and white Nikes. The guy had to be one of Taehyung’s friends in the history course he was taking, Jimin recognized those pants and the shoes. The girl with black hair he didn’t recognize though.Feeling a bit embarrassed Jimin walked down to the entrance door, finding his jeans jacket on the floor. Shaking it off quickly he pulled it on, glancing at the bright yellow colors to his left. On the hatrack a mustard colored wool scarf was hanging, one Jimin had borrowed and leaned on many times. Checking the ends he found one indeed dipped in something dark. It was Taehyung’s scarf, Jimin surprised his friend had forgotten it. Even with the wine stain Taehyung still kept and loved it. With reason! It was one of the most comfortable scarves ever.With the reminder of Taehyung’s tradition to spill red wine on everything Jimin looked down at the red spots on his jeans again, huffing. Grabbing the scarf he opened the door, exiting the house. Jimin frowned at the wind that met him outside. It was still August, or rather, the first day of September and Jimin quickly rolled the scarf around his neck. Bringing up his phone he called Taehyung, starting his journey home. ***-***-*** Both Taehyung and Hoseok had apparently assumed Jimin had gone home, Jimin only mildly disappointed they hadn’t cared to call and check when he’d gone. After the shot competition and a game of ring of fire, apparently, was where Jimin had disappeared. He couldn’t even remember the game nor how he apparently got to drink the witch’s brew.“It had Jaeger in it! Be glad you don’t remember,” Taehyung had said over the phone, his voice deep and groggy. It was kinda sexy like that, Jimin absently thought.Taehyung had crashed at Hoseok’s dorm room and Jimin had hung up after reminding both to drink water and go to sleep, subtly scolding Hoseok for not having gone to sleep yet, considering his shift in just 3 hours.Jimin had just reached his apartment, nodding at a girl exiting the building as he entered. Half-jogging up the stairs Jimin got out his keys, finally entering the heat of his studio apartment, and groaned. A pain in his neck had gotten more prominent as Jimin tried to crack the stiffness away, discarding his outerwear and shoes. Firstly he plugged his phone into the charger, mostly for the fear of it dying since he couldn’t remember his PIN. Secondly he flipped the tea maker on, water already halfway filled from that morning. Jimin wasn’t sure if he wanted either tea or cup noodles yet, or both.He shrugged out of his clothes after entering his small bathroom, reminding himself to google what could remove wine stains later. It always took at least a minute before the water was warm and Jimin waited, not very patiently, before stepping inside the shower.A “thank god,” escaped his lips as he stood under the spray, enjoying the heat.After washing his hair and body Jimin finally felt the hunger taking over the earlier sickness, turning the shower off. The mirror was completely fogged up and Jimin absently drew a smiley in the corner, drying his hair lazily before getting into his bathrobe. It was one of the best birthday gifts he’d ever gotten and the pink terry cloth always felt heavenly again his skin. It was a little over sized though, but rather that than too small. Jimin figured Taehyung and Hoseok had gotten it on a sale or something; these things could be ridiculously expensive. But that would explain the wrong size. Because if Jimin knew one thing it was that Taehyung never got sizes wrong, considering his interest in fashion and design. And now he was even majoring in it.Hoseok was in marketing but he, on the other hand, wasn’t too happy with his subject. Jimin knew it had been one of those choices where an option really didn’t matter. Hoseok’s grades from high school weren’t the best and now he couldn’t major in what he wanted to. Hoseok had never spoken aloud about it. Jimin could just figure it out because he knew him well, probably to Hoseok’s oblivion.With a decision for both Jimin filled a cup of noodles with warm water before pouring the rest into a tea cup. Jimin prefered coffee but sometimes tea was just more soothing. Especially when autumn arrived. Jimin was all aboard the trends of pumpkin spiced everything, knitted sweaters and big scarves (preferably Taehyung’s).Sitting on his couch Jimin quickly finished the noodles while channel-browsing, deciding to fetch the last package of crackers he had. He had eyed the bag of chips on the shelf before deciding crackers went better with tea.Rolling his head from side to side his attention was brought from the tv screen, Jimin frowning at the ceiling as he felt around his nape. His fingertips were warm from holding the hot cup. With a huff Jimin got up from his couch, walking over to his wardrobe where a mirror hung on the inside of the door. Lowering his hand from his neck his eyes widened at the marks on his neck.He stared back and forth between his own shocked face in the reflection and the two pricks adoring his neck. With a surprisingly steady hand Jimin felt the scars, his fingertips trailing the two round marks. It stung.What in the…First Jimin got angry, watching himself frown in the mirror, getting reminded to close his wardrobe. Walking over to his phone he picked it up, only seeing two notifications, one from Youtube the other from Instagram. Damn it what had Taehyung tagged him in now.Clearing his head from getting sidetracked Jimin pulled up his contacts list. Just as he thought he didn’t have a contact named Jin saved under J. Nor under M. M for Mom-something because he figured Taehyung or someone else could've added Jin to his phone; and Jimin knew they called Jin mom sometimes. He wasn’t too close with Jin, just knew of him in Hoseok’s year, and that he wasn’t human. The vampire hadn’t been shy to keep that secret, always walking around with his red eyes for everyone to see.First time meeting Jin had been a bit awkward, as awkward as Jimin always was around vampires when the rare moment of meeting one occurred. But after hanging out with Jin two, three more times Jimin got over it. Jin was nice, Jin was caring, Jin was funny (though Jimin seemed to be the only one who believed so), and Jin was just like anyone else. Kind of. Sure, Jin never got anything from the cafeteria or didn’t pull out a lunch from his bag when they studied together and decided for a lunch break. And his eyes were red. But that was about it. Jimin knew Jin was strong and most likely ridiculously fast as the rest of the vampires but it just never came up. Jin was just… Jin.Or rather, that was what Jimin had thought up until now. Had he been at the party yesterday? Unknowingly Jimin raised a hand to cover his neck and the scars as he opened Instagram. The picture Taehyung had tagged him in was a bit embarrassing, Jimin’s droopy eyes obviously giving away how drunk he had been. The image, however, didn’t conveniently also show Jin in the photo. Jimin absently liked the photo before dropping his phone on the bed.Why the hell would Jin just bite him without asking though? Was that how they did it? It wasn’t like Jimin didn’t know Jin was a vampire with him flaunting his scary red eyes in front of everyone.Then Jimin instantly felt bad for thinking of Jin as scary. What if it wasn’t him? Jin wasn’t exactly the only vampire out there, he just happened to be the only one Jimin knew. One of the employees at the cinema had red eyes and perfect skin, Jimin had also spotted a gorgeous man with dreads and piercing red eyes at campus more than once. It was 2017, it wasn’t uncommon. And then that was only those who went without lenses. Covering up the red with colored lenses was the most common approach according to both news, the internet and Jin.Jin.Pouting, Jimin decided he could talk to the other instead. He could ask Jin for help; perhaps he would know who it was, or at least have some theories of someone. If it indeed had been Jin who bit him Jimin couldn’t imagine the older lying and denying it was him. Then again he couldn’t imagine Jin doing this in the first place.Continuing to theorize Jimin cleaned away his food, turned off the tv and got ready for bed. ***-***-*** Jimin skipped the lecture he had the following day; not in the mood for the 7 a’clock yelling of professor Pumpkin. That wasn’t his actual name, of course, but his constant dresscode of orange and his last name starting on Pum-something had given him the nickname.Friday, however, Jimin got in at 12 to lunch with Taehyung, each getting a langos at the food truck outside campus. Bless Hoseok for having them try it in the first place.Jimin hadn’t told Tae about the bite. After he woke up yesterday he had grumbled over it the entire day, wondering if he just somehow, drunkenly, walking into two very conveniently placed nails in a wall instead. Or perhaps he had gotten hit with something sharp. That would explain the memory loss. But as much as Jimin wanted to blame it on that, he knew the alcohol had to be the reason behind that. He had drank a lot.And there was also the fact that the scars we’re already pretty healed. Still itching and visible but not bleeding and scabbing. Apparently this was the effect from the saliva vampires had.Jimin just wasn’t sure. Especially not if it was Jin or not. So he didn’t want to cause unnecessary drama and throw him under the bus before even discussing it with the other.So here Jimin was, in a black turtleneck, next to Taehyung in the cafeteria.“-and I know you don’t care, but the brother turned out to actually be his twin. So he wasn’t older at all, but they were the same age,” Taehyung rambled, Jimin half heartedly listening to the recap of yesterday’s episode of Tough Bread, Taehyung’s current favorite drama.Jimin cleaned his hands with the napkin, putting it inside the container and closing it, licking his lips. He had finished his food while Taehyung was only halfway through his. With all the talking he did that was still impressive, but also only possible because Taehyung had no manners when it came to eating and talking at the same time.With a simple wave of his hand Jimin gestured for his best friend to hurry eating up and Taehyung, as an obedient dog, took a big bite.The scar under Jimin’s shirt was hidden because of the turtleneck, but what he hadn’t thought about was how uncomfortable it was. It was itching from the fabric rubbing against it before and now stinging with how Jimin scratched at it. Suppressing an annoyed sigh Jimin instead looked around. No sign of Jin.“Hobi’s in class right now?” Jimin asked Tae, the other blinking, thinking, before nodding.“He should be,” Taehyung said around his langos.“Right. It’s Friday. He’s got that long lecture now, right?” Jimin recalled, checking the time. He himself had a lecture in 10 minutes, but a short one. Friday’s meant he and Tae always had to wait for Hoseok to get out of his class if they were planning on doing something together directly after lectures.“We were thinking about heading to Rock Falls afterwards, or watch a movie,” Taehyung had suggested and Jimin nodded.“I’m more for a movie though,” Jimin said with a small smile, Taehyung nodding, already aware. Jimin liked nature, enjoyed walking walks with Hoseok, but last time he twisted his foot from falling over a rock. Jimin might’ve been “graceful and smooth in his movements” (pronounced in the French accent of his last dance teacher) when it came to dancing. Doing anything else Jimin was, however, destined to fall. “Gracefully clumsy” Jimin liked to put it. ***-***-***Jimin and Taehyung caught Hoseok roughly two hours later outside the hall door. Students exited the class either exhausted from the lecture or hyped for the weekend and Hoseok, as always, was apart of the second group.“Movie night?” Taehyung asked and Hoseok nodded, trying to zip up his jacket while still holding onto his notebook, phone and bag. Taehyung took them from his hands to help him while Jimin looked around.“Uhm, was Jin with you?” he asked, trying to not sound too suspicious.“I saw him a couple rows in front of me,” Hoseok nodded, looking up from his zipper getting caught in his green scarf. “Didn’t speak to him though. Why?”“I need to ask him something,” Jimin said, eyes catching onto a dark-haired figure exiting the doors. Jin was looking down into his phone, headphones on as he followed the stream of students to the left instead of right where Jimin and his friends stood.“You can probably still catch him- God damn zipper,” Hoseok whined and Jimin nodded, already heading after the vampire.“Give me a minute,” Jimin said to Taehyung before hurrying over. Students were filling the hallway like sheep, the main entrance the way Jin and the majority were heading. Jimin cursed inwardly, a group of international students blocking his path in front of him. A thought hit him and Jimin looked up, clearing his throat and calling Jin’s name, using a normal conversation tone. True enough Jin turned around, eyes immediately catching Jimin.Jimin had been right; super hearing.He watched Jin step over to the side so students could pass, removing his earphones and pausing his music. Jimin watched some students do double takes as they looked at Jin, some whispering and some staring.When Jimin finally reached him he instantly found himself nervous.“Uh, c-could I talk to you for a second?” he asked, gesturing vaguely to the doors to their right.“Sure,” Jin replied, smiling sweetly and following Jimin through the doors that first lead into a stair house and then into another small hallway. There were a couple study rooms and smaller classrooms here, Jimin sure they were mostly empty but at least quiet.“Uhm,” Jimin wondered aloud, stopping in the hallway but nervously tapping his fingers, biting his lip before he instead decided to check the nearest door that had a classroom number on it. It was more like a small study room but Jimin entered, watching a now confused Jin follow him inside.With the confusion evident on Jin’s face Jimin hoped it was genuine, because if it was, it mean Jin wasn’t the one who bit him.“Sorry, I just didn’t want anyone to hear,” Jimin explained, tying his hands together to stop them from fidgeting.“That’s okay,” Jin nodded, now looking more concerned than confused “What’s up?”“I, uh,” Jimin said before clearing his throat, unable to keep eye contact with Jin’s red eyes, mostly because of his own nerves rather than the color. He might’ve also met Jin a handful of times but they weren’t exactly close, more like acquaintances.“I… went to a party with Tae and Hobi this Wednesday. It was at Chunho’s house,” Jimin started, watching Jin for any reaction, “You weren’t- Were you there?” he asked.“No,” Jin said, absently fixing his black bangs, “I was away the entirety of Wednesday for a funeral.”“Oh you- a funeral?” Jimin asked, eyes widening. Jin gave him a small chuckle.“Yeah, my grand, grand, grandfather passed away,” he explained and Jimin blinked.“I’m sorry,” Jimin said instantly, voice a bit quieter.“It’s okay, he was old anyways,” Jin waved it off. Jimin started to the side, completely sidetracked of what he was initially going to say. The bite, right.“Okay, well…” he said, staring at the blue curtains covering the windows on his right, “Wait, I’m sorry for your loss, Jin,” Jimin insisted first.“It’s fine, Jimin. Don’t worry about it,” Jin assured him, and his smile looked honest; no hidden sadness or sign of Jin suddenly bursting into crying. “What about the party?”“Right, sorry,” Jimin said, watching the look Jin gave him, already hearing him say “stop apologizing,” before the vampire even opened his mouth so Jimin continued;“I got pretty drunk, so did Tae, but I’ve got these… these blackouts towards the later hours. I recall doing some dumb drinking game with Tae but then I just remember waking up, at least two, three hours later. I was on a bed in the parent’s room and I couldn’t-” Jimin stopped himself at Jin’s shocked expression, quickly bringing up his hands to correct himself.“No, no, no! Not like that. I had my clothes on and everything, I didn’t feel weird, at least no more than a bit sick,” Jimin assured him, Jin slowly nodding.“But I, uh, I noticed when I got home I had these-,” Jimin paused, licking his lips, watching Jin’s now again confused face, “I had these marks. On my neck,” Jimin explained, voice again quiet. He watch a frown fall on Jin’s face, the other directly looking towards Jimin’s neck.With a small cough Jimin removed his scarf (Taehyung’s scarf, who still hadn’t asked for it back) and turned around to place it on the table. Trying to suppress the flush he could feel appearing on his cheeks Jimin hooked a finger on his shirt, pulling the collar down to show Jin the scars.Glancing at the vampire he watched Jin’s frown deepen, his expression no longer confused nor smiling.“You don’t remember anything?” Jin asked after a moment of silence, leaning back a bit, hands still in his pockets. Jimin released his sweater, shaking his head.“I think it was the alcohol, or I must’ve been drugged. I mean, I do get blackouts sometimes,” Jimin shrugged, “and it’s because I can be careless with remembering to drink water sometimes. I know it’s bad and all, but this is… i don’t know, a little scary?” Jimin mumbled, words trailing off into a question at the end.Jin looked deep in thought, red eyes stuck on nothing behind Jimin.“Do you… ?” Jimin tried after another moment of silence, leaving the rest of the question in the air.
Do you know who it might be?

Do you know why someone would do this?
“I know all of the vampires in this area, at least the ones who permanently live here. But that doesn’t explain this… You said it happened this Wednesday? And I presume you’ve showered since then?”Jimin nodded to both questions.Jin let out a small sigh, scrunching up his nose in thought.“It could be someone passing. I’m really sorry if that’s the case, because it can happen. Drunk humans-” Jin said before stopping himself, meeting Jimin’s eyes again, “sorry but that’s…”Jimin slowly nodded, “No yeah, I’d get that. It makes sense.”Jimin didn’t know how vampire's rules and laws worked around this; he’d never bother to research it. He knew they would be punished if they killed a human, and there was something about stealing blood supplies from hospitals as well, but Jimin couldn’t recall.“So would that be the case then? Someone was… just hungry?” Jimin theorized aloud. He’d figured when vampires fed they had the human’s consent first, but perhaps some didn’t care?“That’s still assault. Which is punishable if you report it,” Jin explained, “But as I said, it still shouldn't have happened because this is our property. Chunho lives by the Black Wood houses, right? Yeah, that’s our area and a vampire stumbling in had to be incredibly stupid to attack you,” Jin continued.“How would they know? That it’s your area I mean?”“They’d know,” Jin replied, looking towards the door, “I’ll go check around Chinho’s house, see if I pick up something-”“You don’t have to do that for me,” Jimin interrupted him.“It’s not only for you,” Jin replied, eyeing Jimin, “because it could happen again to someone else.” That made sense. Jimin just wasn’t used to this serious side of Jin.“Okay, but I don’t want any conflict because of me. I mean, yes it was wrong, at least they could’ve asked first, but I’m fine, aren’t I? Maybe it was someone who was starving,” Jimin thought, glancing at the curtains again.Jin released a half-chuckle, half-sigh as he shook his head, “You’re too nice for your own good, Park Jimin.”Eventually Jin left and Jimin found his friends waiting by the same spot he left them, his phone completely spammed with unnecessary texts from Tae, at least two asking if Jin ate him up. ***-***-***  Jimin glanced up at his professor again, his phone hidden under the table. He was seated in one of the smaller halls, rather the size of a classroom, but Jimin was fairly sure this particular professor didn’t care it the students weren’t paying attention or not, and looked back down at his phone. After saving Jin’s number to his phone he sent him a reply. 

The reply came quickly. Jin was most likely able to type faster as well, Jimin reminded himself.

Jimin wanted to slam his head against the table. How incredibly insensitive that was. And racist?

Jimin scratched his leg, deciding to reply simply. He would be lying if he said he wasn’t curious to find out more, and prepared to ask Jin a couple questions tomorrow.



Chapter 2



Jimin and Taehyung were sharing a bottle of white wine and Jimin was set decided that was all Taehyung was getting for this evening. He was keeping an eye on his best friend, still pretty disappointed when Hoseok had whispered to him earlier that Tae actually threw up at the party.This far Taehyung had simply agreed that half a bottle was fine, but Jimin knew how he could get when he got tipsy. And the bag they left on the balcony to keep cool contained another bottle of the same brand, so Jimin had to keep some attention.Jimin had promised himself that if Taehyung’s drinking got worse he would eventually talk to him. It didn’t matter that they were in uni; throwing up once was fine, but three times in a month was a little much.“It’s your turn to take a card,” Hoseok said to Taehyung who was peeking over his own cards, suspiciously glancing at the others before his eyes stopped on Jimin’s. Slowly he picked up the card, sighed loudly, but switched it for one in his 4-card deck nonetheless.“Get ready Namjoon! Look at Tae,” Hoseok instantly yelled, pointing a finger straight at Taehyung’s nose, the other smirking back. “Acting! Acting!”Namjoon looked confused from his spot on the couch, not as into the game as the others. Yoongi, or Suga as he was called, was seated beside Namjoon on the couch, both of them chatting about music production and stuff that sounded pretty interesting to Jimin, but eventually way too complicated. He had contemplated joining their conversation by saying he liked singing but realized his two friends on the floor would force him to sing if he did so. So Jimin kept shut.Jin walked into the room again, putting down a plate of spinach pastries that had been scenting up the apartment for the last minutes. He sat back down on the seat beside Jimin, inviting everyone to get a puff pastry.Following the other four hungry humans Jimin grabbed one himself, watching Namjoon pick up the card, glancing at Taehyung in the corner of his eye. His best friend, mouth stuffed with a pastry, lifted his wine glass and accidentally clang it against the table, Jimin wondering why he was so clumsy. And why raise the glass, his mouth was completely stuffed full, he couldn’t fit any wine in there.Wait.That was the signal.With quick movement Jimin slammed his palm down onto the card stack in the middle, Taehyung following right behind. Suga shouted in surprise from his seat because of the loud sound, both 95:ers ignoring him as they held their arms up high, mouth’s still full with the pastries as they cheered, Hoseok looking defeated beside Taehyung on the floor.Jin laughed from his seat next to Jimin, Taehyung proudly throwing down his cards on the table, showing 4 Kings.“Suck my dick, Hobi,” Taehyung said around his pastry, at the same time as Suga pointed a finger at Jin and told him to “Never bring these kids here again.”“Shut up. We can still guess what your signal was,” Hoseok countered Taehyung, completely ignoring Suga, “you raised your glass but didn’t drink, that’s your signal.”“Is that your final answer?” Taehyung asked, grinning, “You have one guess, Hobi.”“Yes,” Hoseok replied while Jimin started collecting the cards again. He put the entire deck onto the table as he expected Namjoon wouldn’t be up for another game unless Hoseok tried to convince him again. With his now second loss, however, Jimin wasn’t so sure Hoseok would want to continue anyway. And Suga actually looked a bit annoyed now, Jimin giving him an apologetic look.“Wrong,” Taehyung sang, raising his glass to Jimin and taking a sip. Jimin chuckled and raised his own glass. The wine was kind of shit and a little too bitter for Jimin’s taste, but cheap.***-***-***“So it’s kind of like how people have their own scents? Like in their homes?” Jimin asked about an hour later, still seated on the couch with Jin, his wine glass nearly empty.“Well, it’s more of an individual thing. I assume two people of the same family could smell similar to you, while they all have something different to us, obviously,” Jin explained, Jimin nodding.“Isn’t,” Jimin started, snorting at himself, “isn’t bad smells like, really bad smelling then? Since you have heightened senses. Like, something that smells really bad to you,” Jimin tried explaining but realizing half-way that his thought process really didn’t make much sense. He was getting a little tipsy. Jimin had started on the second bottle, both because his glass was empty earlier and the second wine was a bit sweeter. And a little bit because he could now keep track on the bottle so Tae wouldn’t try to steal it.“That was a dumb question,” he admitted as Jin laughed next to him, leaning his head on the arm he had slung over the back rest.“It’s not. Obviously things smell different to us depending on how we like the particular scent. Most obvious example; blood doesn’t smell good to you but it does for me, you know? I also enjoy the smell of coffee, which some people don’t. But, hmm,” Jin hummed, looking deep in thought, “something I don’t like? Oil. As in petrol. I think it’s really gross, but probably because it’s so strong,” Jin mused.Jimin nodded; “I know some people who enjoy the smell, so it’s probably individual-”“Jimin!” Taehyung suddenly called from the door, Jimin turning around. “We’re heading down to get chips and coke, you coming?” Taehyung asked, his jacket, shoes and scarf already on, Hoseok hanging over his shoulder.A ‘no’ was on Jimin’s lips but then he paused, picturing Taehyung buying a couple extra beers as well and instead replied with “Yeah, give me a minute.”. A quick toilet break later he, Taehyung, Hoseok and Jin exited Jin and Suga’s apartment. It was definitely the nicest apartment anyone owned out of Jimin’s friends, but it was also a bit farther from campus. The three younger students had started at Hoseok’s but eventually asked Jin if they could come to his place instead. The bassist next door to Hoseok was apparently practicing for a live performance and Hoseok didn’t have the heart to ask him to stop. Conveniently Suga was having his friend Namjoon over for beer as well.There was a convenience store on the other side of the street, a closed barbers shop beside it, and Jimin glanced at the empty room with nothing but two barbers chairs inside.The convenience store, however, was quite large for ‘a convenience store’ and Jimin headed in after the enthusiastic Taehyung and Hoseok, Jin on his heels. Two chips bags later Taehyung headed towards the drinks isle, Jimin smiling and grabbing his hand, stopping him.“Hoseok, you pay for the coke, we’ll pay for the chips,” Jimin smiled innocently even though all three people saw right through his plan.“Jimin,” Taehyung whined but grasped his hand tighter nonetheless, making Jimin smile even brighter. He pulled Taehyung towards the cashier, nearly bumping into a guy at the soaps isle, apologizing before going up to the counter. It was empty apart from the sales woman behind the counter, her eyes in a gossip magazine.Jimin paid for their chips, but with Taehyung’s card, having learned the pin. The woman gave their intertwined hands a look, smiling a bit and Jimin couldn’t be bothered to correct her.“Here you go, honey,” Taehyung said, big smile as he handed the bag to Jimin. They turned around to wait for Hoseok and Jin, Jimin’s eyes catching onto the stranger still by the soaps isle. He was wearing all black, his hood up, apart from the Timberlands on his feet.“Ah, he’s got Timbs, Tae,” Jimin said, trying to appear nonchalant as he examined the rack of postcards beside him.“I’ll get you some if you work for it, honey, ” Taehyung continued with a snort, his eyes on his phone. Jimin didn’t need to turn around to know the sales woman was listening from her clearing her throat.Then Jimin saw it, his body freezing, smile slowly falling.The stranger had raised his head, eyes stuck on someone. On Jin, a couples metres away, and Jin was staring back. Both stood completely still and Jimin couldn’t help but feel like something was wrong.He then watched Hoseok talk to Jin, probably realizing something was wrong, before he nodded and started walking up to the cashier, taking a de-route to avoid the stranger still frozen on the spot, eyes on Jin.When Jin slowly started to make his way over towards the stranger the hooded man turned towards the exit.Jimin eyed Hoseok with a questioning look, Hoseok just shrugging in reply. Making a choice in less than a second Jimin dropped Taehyung’s arm and headed after Jin.“Stay with Hoseok,” Jimin said to Taehyung, even using his real name, before he walked down the isles towards the exit, eyes stuck on Jin.He watched the two walk outside and to the right, Jimin jogging to catch the doors before they closed after Jin.“-you fucking run,” Jimin heard in front of him, walking up to the two.“Jin?” Jimin asked, surprised when the older didn’t turn around. The stranger, however did, eyes falling on Jimin.Jimin succeeded in suppressing his gasp but felt his pulse pick up in speed. He was right, he thought as he stared eye to eye with red eyes.Slowing down in his steps Jimin stopped behind Jin. Perhaps he shouldn’t have joined them. But Jimin was curious, especially because of Jin’s reaction. And said vampire hadn’t told him to leave yet so…“Why are you still here?” Jin asked, his voice serious.For a second Jimin wondered if he’d been talking to him but then watched the stranger take his eyes of Jimin and face Jin, his face clearly annoyed.He didn’t say anything and Jimin waited in silence as the other two had a staring contest.“I don’t know you,” Jin said slowly, “I’ll chase you out if you don’t start talking.” That was clearly a threat.“Like you could chase me,” the stranger instantly mocked, Jimin’s attention picking up at the voice. It was soft but somehow powerful, not too deep.“Perhaps you’re faster but I’m not alone. And when we catch you, because we will, we won’t be so patient.” Jin’s voice was a lot deeper than Jimin had ever heard; he wasn’t kidding around.Glancing at the other vampire again Jimin opened his mouth, closing it once before making up his mind, deciding to speak;“Is he…?” Jimin asked, watching no whatsoever reaction from either of them. Jin must’ve understood his question; ‘Is he the one that bit me? The one that trespassed.’Jin still didn’t say anything and to Jimin’s surprise it was the stranger that spoke.“I… I’m sorry,” he said, eyes still on Jin. Then he glanced at Jimin before looking to the side. As if… Was he embarrassed?Jimin heard footsteps behind him, quickly looking over his shoulder to confirm it was Taehyung and Hoseok, both looking quite scared, their expressions silently asking Jimin what was going on.“Are- are you apologizing to me?” Jimin replied, interrupting the silence, eyeing the stranger again. He didn’t feel scared, not with Jin here. It was cold, a gust of wind pushing around Jimin’s hair as well as an empty plastic bag traveling on the sidewalk opposite of them.“Yes. I’m sorry,” the stranger repeated, “I was starving…” he trailed off, clenching his fists at his sides.“It doesn’t matter if you were,” Jin replied, voice stern.“I know it doesn’t matter,” the other replied, borderline yelling, clearly upset. He looked close to snapping any second, but what that would result in Jimin had no clue. Would he fight Jin? Would he run?“Okay, apology accepted. It’s okay,” Jimin said, smiling a bit as he shrugged, watching the stranger stare at him, “but I don’t make the rules considering the other stuff,” Jimin said, scratching his head. “You should listen to Jin.”No one said anything for what had to be almost a minute and Jimin was growing more and more flustered by how the stranger was still staring at him.“Head upstairs,” Jin finally said, his voice softer as he spoke to the humans, “I’ll be there soon.”Jimin frowned but before he could say anything Hoseok was grabbing Jimin’s arm, giving him a look as he nodded back towards the apartment. Jimin, with a bit hesitation, followed his two friends across the street. He didn’t even care as Hoseok pulled them into the elevator, pressing the 5th floor, instead for leading them up the stairs.Suga eventually let them in when they continued knocking, Hoseok explaining the situation briefly to the older man who frowned (even more than before). Namjoon looked clueless over in the doorway to Suga’s room.“Leave them. It’s not our business,” Suga concluded, heading back to his room. Jimin wondered if Suga had to deal with this a lot, being involved in vampire territories or whatnot. Presumably not as Jin seemed to respect Suga a lot, the human also quite antisocial.Hoseok and Taehyung sat down in one of the couches, chips and coke forgotten in the hallway. Jimin busied himself with fetching it along with glasses and bowls. He heard his two friends speak while he prepared the snacks. Hoseok was the one closest to Jin after all, and even he seemed quite shocked.“You think Jin’s in trouble?” Taehyung asked twice before Hoseok replied.“No,” he said but didn’t look too convinced himself.Jimin glanced out the window in the kitchen, jumping at the sudden vibration in his back pocket. Getting out his phone, nearly dropping it, he stared at the display that read Jin before picking up.“Hello?” he replied, voice nearly a whisper.“Jimin, is Suga there?” Jin asked. He sounded calm, as far as Jimin could hear.“Suga is still in his room with Namjoon. Do you want me to get-”“No, please don’t. Can you do me a favor and go into my room?”“Okay,” Jimin replied, walking out into the living room. Hoseok and Taehyung looked up at him but he shook his head, pointed at his phone and escaped their stares. Jimin realized they probably thought it was a family member or someone important calling.“The room with the diploma on the door, right?” Jimin asked, having smiled widely earlier when he read the cooking course diploma taped to one of the doors. It was the irony of it, of course. Which was probably why Jin taped it up, even though he actually seemed to enjoy cooking.“Okay, I’m inside,” Jimin said, closing the door behind him. While Jimin hadn’t expected a coffin he was surprised by how dark the room was. Fumbling with his hands he found a light switch, a very soft light fading on in the ceiling.“Wow, it’s dark in here,” Jimin mumbled, Jin scoffing on the other end.“Can you pull up the curtain and open the window?” Jin asked, Jimin sidestepping a pile of course books on the floor. The curtain had a tiny control pad on the wall, one arrow pointing up and one down, Jimin experimentally pressing up. Slowly the black curtain moved up in front of him, Jimin blinking. It seemed like quite advanced technology for just blinds for a window, but Jimin supposed most vampires had this for complete darkness. Sunlight didn’t hurt them in any way, of course, but Jimin knew their eyes were sensitive and darkness was prefered.“I have to put down the phone,” Jimin said into the speaker, placing it on Jin’s table as he grabbed the two hooks, unlocking the window before pushing it open. Wind moved into the room and Jimin stepped back, picking up his phone again.“-stay here,” Jimin heard Jin say into the phone, but his voice was distant, as if he was talking to someone else. The other vampire? Jimin waited patiently for Jin to tell him what to do next but nearly screamed loudly instead as a figure suddenly appeared in the window. Before his voice could make a sound a hand clasped over his mouth, two red eyes staring into his. Jimin quickly reached up to try to pull on the wrists but to no avail.It took a second before Jimin realized it was Jin, trying to hush him. Jimin inhaled loudly through his nose, nodding to the other. Jin carefully released his hand, gently moving Jimin to the side so he could walk around him.“Sorry, but I don’t want Yoongi to know about this,” Jin briefly explained in a whisper, walking over to a wooden cabinet in the corner. Jimin absently nodded, still shaken by surprise.“D-did you just jump up?” he asked, having to swallow twice first. Jimin pointed at the window behind him only to see something in the corner of his eye. Throwing himself as quickly as possible from the window Jimin felt himself trip over something, starting to fall. Two arms caught him, a little too quickly in an odd way, and set him on the bed in probably less than a second.Jimin knew it was Jin but he kept his eyes on the stranger now sitting in Jin’s window, watching them both.“Get inside I said,” Jin hissed, Jimin watching the stranger step down onto the floor, hood still up.“Nice shoes,” Jimin absently said, the stranger’s previously blank expression turning amused. He was smirking.Jimin, still not quite sure what was going on, turned to look at Jin over by the cabinet. To his discovery there was a smaller metal safe inside one of the doors. The older was typing in the pin on the keypad. Slowly standing up Jimin watched Jin grab something red, closing what could only be a fridge instead of a safe. A fridge-safe.“You can leave, Jimin. Thanks for your help,” Jin said with his back to them, putting the red thing on his desk. The red thing turned out to be a plastic bag containing a dark red liquid; it wasn’t exactly hard to figure out what that liquid was.Jimin was about to nod, get off the bed and exit but caught himself, shrugging instead. He was incredibly curious, picking up one of the pillows to hold.“What did you talk about?” Jimin asked instead, trying to play it cool as he watched Jin pull out something that looked like a toaster, or perhaps a fryer, putting the bag down into it and pressing what Jimin presumed was ON. A small light lit up and Jin turned around, crossing his arms.Then he raised a hand to pinch the bridge of his now, sighing.“Jimin, why do I always feel obliged to help all you damn kids?” he asked. Jimin glanced at the stranger who still stood by the window, now leaning against the sill behind him. Guess that meant Jin had decided to take pity on the stranger and was now helping him.“They don’t call you mommy for no reason,” Jimin smiled, hearing a short chuckle coming from the stranger. Then it went silent again, Jimin pressing his lips together, eyeing the two vampires in the room. He wished the ceiling lamp was brighter. They probably thought it was too bright.“So are you okay now?” he tried instead, watching the stranger look at Jin, as if he also was wondering that. Jin looked up, narrowing his eyes at the other vampire.“I’m giving him a chance, we’ll see,” Jin eventually replied.“Well…” Jimin hummed, “I’m Jimin. You are?” he asked the stranger, standing up to hold out his hand.The stranger didn’t move from the window sill, ignoring Jimin’s hand but nodded. “I’m Jungkook.”“Ah,” Jimin replied, awkwardly dropping his hands, swinging his arms a little. A short beep was heard, Jin turning back to the toaster-thingy. He picked up the bag, handing it to the stranger, Jungkook, who’s eyes for once looked brighter.“Drink here, I need to dispose the bags by the rules,” Jin said, voice nearly a whisper as he spoke to the other. Of course they wouldn’t need to talk loudly to each other. With that in mind Jimin realized the two might have actually held a conversation both inside and outside the store earlier, Jimin himself just wasn’t able to hear them.Jungkook nodded and then glanced at Jimin, Jin turning to him as well.“You can leave, Jimin,” Jin tried again but Jimin pouted his best pout, sitting down on the bed behind him again, nearly, but only nearly, falling as he did.“I’d like to stay if you’d let me,” he shrugged casually, hoping the two couldn’t hear his heart beating nervously in his chest. From what he’d learned so far, they most likely could.“He’s a curious one,” Jungkook said, smoothly smirking at Jin. He wasn’t too smooth, however, with how eagerly he grabbed the red bag. Holding it in two hands he held it up to his mouth, biting into one of the corners. Jimin watched in fascination as Jungkook kept his mouth there, the bag slowly but surely getting emptied as the vampire drank.“You want one?” Jin asked tiredly to Jimin who laughed, embarrassed from staring.“Does, uh, Suga not know you have those?” Jimin asked gently, gesturing to the cabinet. Perhaps it was a sensitive subject.“The blood bags? Yeah, he knows. I just, “Jin sighed, “I promised not to bring any vampires into the apartment,” Jin said, nodding towards the obvious second vampire behind him. Jungkook looked up from his blood bag, still gulping it down eagerly. He reminded Jimin of a kid excitedly sucking on a capri sun, without the straw.The human had expected a blood-like smell to reach him but this far nothing.“Why? Don’t you have vampire friends?” Jimin asked. Jin nodded, still watching Jungkook, probably waiting for him to finish.“Of course, but I just don’t bring them here. Even if they’re nice and as civil as me I don’t want my roommate to feel unsafe, that’s my biggest priority,” Jin explained. Jimin nodded slowly.“Lost a roommate before?” Jungkook asked, having finished the last of the bag. It looked completely clear from where Jimin could see; literally sucked dry. Jungkook licked his lips, Jimin unknowingly copying him as he stared at the fangs. Jin always had his fangs visible; they were always there, more prominent than a human’s but discreet enough if one didn’t pay attention. As Google had told Jimin, the fangs were only extended while drinking, and the sight of Jungkook’s had him a bit surprised.“That’s not funny,” Jin replied, taking the bag from the other, putting it in one of the drawers of his desk.“Oh? Perhaps I just meant it as in the roommate just moving away,” Jungkook suggested, clearly faking innocence. Jimin raised an eyebrow. What would he otherwise mean?“Did you now?” Jin simply replied crossing his arms again.“Thanks for the meal, mom,” Jungkook smiled, Jin narrowing his eyes even further.“Be as funny as you want, but trust me when I say I’m only giving you one chance,” Jin explained, the other vampire nodding, both suddenly serious. Jin then added; “And even though Jimin is a sweet angel who let you off lightly you still owe him if I was the one deciding.”Jungkook turned to Jimin, giving him a cocky smile, fangs still extended, “I guess I’ll see you again, Jimin,” he winked before crawling out the window.“That’s not what I meant,” Jin muttered. Jimin ran up to the window, not even having time to say something, and saw something fast moving down on the ground for a split second.“Such a spoiled brat,” Jin mumbled behind him.



Chapter 3
Chapter Notes
I don't like large differences in chapter length any more than the regular fanfic reader does, but I had to make an exception this time. It's a lot of text compared to 1 and 2 but too little to split into two chapters. So just a little note; this chapter is a bit longer than the previous ones if you're up at 4am thinking "just one more chapter" or so lol

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Jimin balanced his feet properly, taking a stance before kicking hard with precision. Once, twice and three times with accompanying grunts. He didn’t yell like some of the others people in the boxing gym did. The sandbag in front of him wobbled a bit, Jimin having been left with one of the older, rougher looking ones as he entered the gym late. It was usually busy on Saturday’s but Jimin didn’t mind too much. ‘Busy’ in the boxing gym meant the sandbags usually all got occupied, but there were still only 5 people in the room, two not even working out any longer.Their conversation wasn’t particularly interesting Jimin decided after listening for a while and went to grab his headphones instead. He just used the regular white ones that came with his phone but they weren’t very practical for exercising. With how flimsy they were Jimin sometimes accidentally pulled on the cord while doing specific moves, and having his headphones ripped out was worse than landing a punch wrong.This far Jimin had been lucky and hadn’t hurt himself more than getting a swollen left wrist once or twice. Which was big for ‘Unlucky-Jimin’.Checking the clock on the wall he decided to get moving soon. The supermarket on his way home closed earlier on Saturdays and Jimin needed to do some grocery shopping before getting home. His favorite brand of cup noodles was on sale this Saturday and Sunday, and hopefully all the other students hadn’t emptied the shelves yet.With his mind suddenly distracted by the idea of tasty, cheap noodles Jimin decided to pack his bags, forgetting he had pasta he needed to finish today instead. As usual he prefered to shower at his apartment instead in the lovely-smelling gym’s locker room.It was dark outside when Jimin exited, having to fight with the old lock on the door as usual for a second. The old, light-bulb sign of the pizza restaurant was lightning up the street as usual, Jimin glancing at the two chef’s talking behind the counter inside, the restaurant empty.Jimin turned to his left, deciding to put on his mittens anyway as he headed towards the store. It was colder than he expected-“Hello.”Jimin’s shoes scraped loudly against the asphalt as he nearly tripped backwards, body frozen with his left hand still halfway inside the blue mitten. With wide eyes Jimin stared at the figure who had just appeared right in front of him, coming from somewhere above. Thanks to the light from the pizza sign Jimin recognized the person who was wearing a half-smile, half-smirk.Jungkook.“Jesus you scared me,” Jimin exhaled, leaning down a bit. He gave the vampire another uncertain look before glancing upwards, figuring the other must’ve jumped from the building Jimin just left.“Did you jump- Were you watching me?” Jimin asked, finally putting on his mittens. He clenched his bag a little tighter, frowning at Jungkook.“No, I just scented you when I was running by. Where are you going?” Jungkook asked as if there was nothing odd with that sentence. Jimin blinked.“Uh, why?”“Home? I can walk you home,” Jungkook smiled.Jimin narrowed his eyes at him.“Okay,” Jungkook admitted, hands in his pockets. He was wearing the same clothes Jimin saw him in last time, he noticed. The black hood and pants. And the Timberlands. No jacket. “I still owe you, right? I don’t have any money so I can’t buy you food or anything, unless you’re okay with me stealing it from someone.”“Stealing?” Jimin asked, sounding perhaps a bit too horrified at the idea of stealing, as if Jungkook instead had mentioned murder. “No stealing for me, please,” Jimin said, starting to walk again. It was cold outside and he figured Jungkook would follow.“Okay, so I can walk you home? Give you a massage?” Jungkook asked, sounding oddly cheerful, not that Jimin had met him more than once.“A massage?” Jimin scoffed. “I’d rather have you repair my bent curtain rod than that.”“A curtain rod? I can do that,” Jungkook agreed, nodding to himself as he walked beside Jimin. The human who wore his hood up as well had to turn his body to look at Jungkook, giving him a raised eyebrow.“You didn’t seem very keen to do anything in return last time I saw you,” Jimin said, walking a bit closer to the other as he saw a bike approaching from far away.“And you apologized, so I don’t actually, really have to do anything,” Jungkook replied.“Then why are you?” Jimin huffed. He was getting a little frustrated. He caught the stare the woman on the bike gave Jungkook as she passed them, most likely his eyes catching her off guard.“I’m bored,” the vampire shrugged. Jimin gave him yet another glare.“Okay, I actually do feel bad. But I’m not that good at human interactions,” Jungkook added. Jimin wanted to mumble a ‘No shit’ but the other would obviously hear it.“So you usually go around offering massages after biting people when they’re knocked out?”Jungkook looked almost a little hurt at that.“No I don’t. It’s the first time that’s happened.”Jimin could tell there was a longer story hanging in the air there but wondered if the other would elaborate if he asked. They had reached the supermarket and Jungkook followed him inside without appearing to plan anything different. Jimin gave it a shot.“I wasn’t raised around humans,” Jungkook eventually said after Jimin had brought them to the vegetables section, looking at the tomatoes displayed in front of him. He silently handed Jungkook the basket while Jimin grabbed a plastic bag to pick a few, listening attentively to the other.“I’m from a small village half an hour from Busan. My family lives in an isolated manor in the middle of a forest, which was apparently very cliche according to Jin. I didn’t meet any humans until just a year ago, and then last month I left.”Jimin looked at him, trying to process all the information. The store was nearly empty and Jimin reminded himself to finish quickly as they closed in 20 or so minutes. He didn’t want to be the asshole that kept the cashiers at work longer.“Blood bags?” he asked, heading towards the pasta and rise isles. Three cups of his noodles were left and Jimin placed them in the basket Jungkook was still holding for him.“Yep. Delivered to the manor. I left because I was sick of the stuffy house and my old-fashioned mother and violent grand, grandma,” Jungkook rolled his eyes, “A list fisherman had accidentally gotten close to our property and he was the first human I ever met. I was really surprised.”“Did you bite him?” Jimin asked cautiously. He placed a large bag of rice in the basket, figuring Jungkook would carry the groceries for him. Which meant he didn’t have to think about not picking too heavy things. Jimin wasn’t really sore from the session at the gym but he knew carrying heavy bags home would definitely make his arms ache.“No? I talked to him about fishing. You are the only human I’ve ever bit,” Jungkook said as if this information was obvious. “Which is why the bite probably wasn’t that comfortable,” he added, a bit more quietly.“I wasn’t awake for that part,” Jimin reminded him. He was imagining his still body on the bed, Jungkook leaning over him, the scene looking like some sort of vampire romance flick. Except Jimin lied in a position that made his double chin visible, his jeans ruined with wine stains and Jungkook was wearing Timberlands on the bed. Jimin snorted.“But it was itching afterwards, right?”“Yeah,” Jimin replied, watching the vampire bite his lip.“Sorry again.”Jimin smiled a little. “If you fix my curtain rod we’re cool.”“Even though you already accepted my apology,” Jungkook mumbled behind him as Jimin grabbed two cartons of juice, also on sale.“You insisted on owing me,” Jimin reminded him back.To Jimin’s surprise the two could talk quite easily, Jimin finding Jungkook’s carefree attitude and blunt speech nice for a change. Don’t get him wrong, Taehyung was rather blunt as well but somehow not in the same way as Jungkook. Added, the vampire seemed a bit uninformed about certain human customs, which was explained by his uprising.Jimin was imagining something along the lines of the Malfoy family and their manor from Harry Potter. But with vampires. And a violent grand, grandmother?“How is your grand, grandmother violent?” Jimin asked as they neared his apartment, Jungkook carrying both bags of groceries with no complaint.“She’s old fashioned, just like my mom, but prefers to keep order with violence rather than talking. She grunts a lot,” Jungkook added, as in thought.“She’s the boss?” Jimin suggested.“She’s the boss,” Jungkook agreed with a short laugh. “It’s called the alpha or leader and most areas with a larger vampire population has one. In big cities areas are divided into quarters or even streets, to keep groups small so the alpha can keep track on all the vampires under him or her.”Jungkook was explaining what Jimin assumed was the basics to him and it appeared the vampire somehow found it fascinating how Jimin didn’t know all this. Then again Jimin was amused to learn what Jungkook didn’t understand about humans and eager to inform him. He was waiting for the discussion about rubber ducks or sporks.“So in this area?” Jimin asked instead, holding open the door for Jungkook as they entered his apartment. A small part of him wondered if he should be cautious around Jungkook but since Jin seemed to trust him it should be fine. Again, Jungkook was pretty blunt and a bit unconsciously rude against humanity in general (“Humans are slow and clumsy” to which Jimin had slapped his arm, personally insulted) but Jimin still liked the company. Jungkook had made him laugh several times already.“Jin,” Jungkook answered, Jimin not very surprised by that reply. It made sense with his caring but stern-when-needed personality.Opening the door to his apartment Jimin was suddenly reminded he was bringing a stranger into his home. And it wasn’t very tidy.“It’s a bit messy,” he said, shrugging out of his coat. Jungkook wasn’t wearing anything over his hoodie but didn’t seem to freeze at all.“Smells nice,” Jungkook said while wearing a smug smile, “Smells like you.”Jimin eyed him twice before silently accepting the two grocery bags, surprised they hadn’t ripped with the heavy weight. Placing them on the kitchen table he contemplated informing Jungkook it was a bit weird in human-land to tell other people they smelled nice. Jimin decided with a shy smile he liked the compliment and disregarded to do so.“I’m assuming you don’t want anything?” Jimin asked instead, realizing he had to finish the pasta he prepared that Thursday when he opened the fridge. Cup noodles basically had years before the expiry date, they could wait.“I’m good,” Jungkook said from the hallway, Jimin watching the vampire remove his shoes and hoodie. He was wearing a white t-shirt underneath, Jimin noting how Jungkook’s arms were quite sculpted, his skin not as light as Jin’s either. Still looking smooth and spotless like the other’s.‘Okay’, Jimin thought to himself. Jungkook was staying for a while then. Starting to place the frozen groceries in their designated places first Jimin then found Jungkook helping him, already seeming comfortable in the apartment. Then again Jungkook most likely had nothing to fear as the creature he was. Even when Jin had threatened him a week or so ago he had been quite lax. Maybe because he hadn’t been around a lot of people? Or maybe he was still young, Jimin wondered.“How old are you?” he asked, handing Jungkook the cereal box since he stood by the open cabinet already. When the vampire reached up Jimin couldn’t help but to admire those arms a bit more.“I’m born 1997, you?”“95, so I’m older than you,” Jimin said with a bit of surprise. Huh. Jimin understood he was misinformed about the old age myth too then, since he had assumed Jungkook would’ve been old, at least older than him. Of course all vampires had to grow up, just like everybody else.“Yes, I am quite shocked as well, Jimin,” Jungkook said with a silly voice, “I also thought there were no more people born after 1995, yet here I am! So weird.”Jimin fell into laughter, doubling over like he usually did, grabbing onto the other’s arm. In his amusement he also noted how Jungkook’s skin was still a bit chilly. If it was from the walk outside earlier or just naturally that temperature he wasn’t sure.Jungkook’s red eyes met Jimin’s, a grin on the other’s face.***-***-***Jimin hastily made his bed so it looked at least a bit proper as Jungkook and he entered his living room/bedroom. Jungkook looked around the apartment meanwhile, eyes scanning the photographs Jimin had put up on his wall above the tv, mostly of Taehyung and him. On the windowsill stood a small collection of different cactuses Jimin had unintentionally started since last year. He loved plants but was quite rubbish at keeping the alive. Because of the cold winters with not much sunlight he couldn’t keep the plants he thought the prettiest. But cactuses were amazing in their own, the one with white flowers Jimin’s favorite.“It got bent while we were moving it,” Jimin explained as Jungkook glanced at his not very straight curtain rod which held two simple white curtains. They didn’t do much for keeping sunlight out but Jimin didn’t have any problem sleeping in daylight if he was tired enough. And if needed he just used his sleeping mask. “It fell to the ground while dad was backing out the car and he kinda drove over it.”“Why not buy a new one?” Jungkook asked, watching Jimin scoot a chair over so he could reach the rod, carefully lifting it down as the curtain rings slid to the middle where the slope was.“I just never got around to it. And I like this one, it’s from my grandpa’s house,” Jimin shrugged. He glanced at the other before removing the two curtains and handing the rod to Jungkook with a questioning face. The other accepted it, looking it over a second or two before he held it against a raised knee. The thick metal instantly gave in and created a short squeaky sound as Jungkook bent it to place without appearing to struggle in any way. He held it over his arm, like a sword, and checked the straightness before bending it a bit more.“There,” he said, gripping it tightly before making a martial arts move with it, Jimin laughing at the other again. Jungkook surely made Jimin laugh a lot.Jimin’s microwave gave off a beep from the kitchen and he went to fetch his pasta, bringing a spoon as well. As Jimin sat down on his couch Jungkook started assembling the rings onto it again, Jimin watching with amusement as Jungkook tilted the rod the other way only for the rings to slide off again. Jimin stuffed pasta in his mouth to stifle his giggle as he instead gestured for Jungkook to leave it.Reaching for the controller Jimin put the tv on, a commercial about shampoo coming on. Jungkook looked at the tv then silently at Jimin, looking a little lost. The words were on Jimin’s tongue before he thought longer about it;“Wanna watch a movie?”Jungkook eyed him for a second, something unspoken on his face and Jimin was about to retract his invitation, perhaps Jungkook had something more important to do or he simply didn’t want to.“Sure,” Jungkook smiled before Jimin could say anything, sitting down on the couch beside him. Jimin automatically reached for the blanket to throw over both of them, used to Taehyung and Hoseok often asking for it. Jungkook didn’t seem to mind, burrowing down into the couch as Jimin started Netflix, pasta lunch box balanced on his knee.***-***-***“Didn’t anyone try to stop you or, I don’t know, look after you when you ran away?” Jimin asked an hour later, the movie mostly forgotten on the screen in front of them. Jimin had fetched the grapes he bought earlier, now munching on them while Jungkook played with the controller, spinning it on his finger.“I didn’t run away,” Jungkook reminded him again, Jimin just giving him a cocky smile in reply, “I simply decided to explore a bit. An unplanned trip, backpacking if you will,” he said, trying to look dramatically sophisticated. Jimin grinned widely, having genuinely laughed at almost everything Jungkook did or said. He felt a bit like he was on a date, trying too hard to appeal to the other, but instead of faking it he instead found himself honestly laughing over and over again. Jungkook was charming, without a doubt, but also somehow seductively awkward, in a way.Perhaps it was his good looks that made Jimin feel attracted, or the white shirt. Jimin thought everyone looked good in white t-shirts.So when the question came Jimin wasn’t completely thrown off in surprise;Jimin had been eventually leaning against Jungkook beside him, noting how the other’s arm had been cold before but now felt warm next to him. Like Jungkook’s body was unknowingly but eagerly stealing Jimin’s heat. Jimin also hadn’t seen the movie before but the scene on the screen had grown quite steamy with the main couple now feverishly making out on a couch. Jimin wasn’t going to say anything, nor was he going to try to make this awkward. He popped another grape into his mouth, staring at the now half-full plastic container on the table. He had consciously placed it over the permanent wine circle in the wood left by, you guessed it; Taehyung.Without realizing it Jimin bit his lip nonetheless as the characters on the screen started to undress, the actors clearly aiming for that award for their performance. Suddenly feeling two soft touches on his leg Jimin looked down, feeling Jungkook walk with two fingers over his thigh. Jimin looked up at the other beside him, his heart beat undoubtedly picking up in pace. Jungkook’s eyes were intense and not only because of the stark, red color.The question in the air was obvious but Jungkook verbally asked anyway;“Do you wanna fuck?”Jimin couldn’t help but to release a chortle. “You’re so crude,” he laughed at the other, but let Jungkook keep trailing patterns on his thigh.“Rather crude than prude,” Jungkook shrugged, wearing another charming grin. Jimin couldn’t help but to eye his fangs.“Yeah, I can tell.”“I promise I won’t bite if you don’t want me to,” Jungkook vowed as he read Jimin’s face and direction of his stare.“You sure? What if you get hungry?” Jimin asked, not sure if he was saying it as a joke or genuinely asking. Perhaps both. Definitely the first if Jungkook got offended. Then again Jimin would like to be assured Jungkook would hold his promise. Even though he felt the heat grow in his lower abdomen as he shifted on the couch Jimin wouldn’t take no one’s pants off without feeling safe before, and he was undoubtedly a bit nervous.“I won’t. Besides, hunger isn’t affiliated with sex, at least not to me. I’ve heard of that rumor at least,” Jungkook snickered, “What? Do you eat when you have sex?”Jimin laughed loudly again, “Well no, but it’s a bit different to bite someone compared to me pulling out a plate of fries mid-fuck,” he giggled, imagining it.“Don’t call me crude when I say ‘fuck’ but then you’re allowed to,” Jungkook scoffed, Jimin’s lips turning into a warm smile.“I never said I was ‘prude’,” Jimin whispered before turning a bit on the couch.He was breathing heavier as he slid his palm over Jungkook’s, still on his lap, and leaned forwards. Staying still with just mere centimeters between them he waited for Jungkook to give him permission. Instead he found the vampire initiating the kiss. Jimin didn’t mind.Jungkook’s lips were soft, a lot softer than they looked, but also a bit cold. Not as warm as Jimin’s, nor as red as Jimin’s. He had apparently unknowingly been biting them nearly the entire evening then.With a hand crawling to Jimin’s hip over the blanket Jungkook leaned over him, nearly man-handling Jimin onto his back. Somewhere in his mind Jimin laughed at the sounds coming from the tv, the movie definitely not suited for children. With the fluffy grey pillow under Jimin’s back Jungkook hovered over him, tonguing his lower lip, upper lip, his tongue.After a moment Jimin started to feel light headed, breaking away after using a bit of force, Jungkook seemingly distracted by kissing Jimin.“I have to breathe,” Jimin reminded him as they stared at each other, Jimin panting as he was again struck by Jungkook’s intense eyes. Red and red.“Sorry,” Jungkook said, no breathlessness in his voice apparent. He stayed still for a couple seconds, just meeting Jimin’s eyes before leaning down, dragging his lips and tongue against the skin on Jimin’s neck. The older in turn leaned his head backwards, absently pushing his hips up against Jungkook’s, releasing a breathy moan.The vampire’s lips passed over the now mostly faded bite and kissed up his jaw, forcing Jimin to tilt his head even further back. He sucked on the skin and Jimin could feel the presence of sharp teeth, but he never bit down nor scraped them harshly against him.Jimin had started up a slow pace with his hips, holding onto Jungkook’s ass as he remembered they were still on the couch with his comfortable bed just two meters behind them.“Bed,” Jimin gasped, feeling no change in Jungkook’s mission of apparently giving him multiple hickeys. Perhaps the vampire didn’t know humans bruised easily.“Bed,” Jimin said again louder, slamming a fist down on Jungkook’s back. Nearly freezing Jimin whispered a curse, having realised he’d just hit him. But Jungkook just sat up a bit and nodded, pulling Jimin to a sitting position.“Eh- sorry,” Jimin got out before Jungkook pulled him up and sat him around his hips, Jimin instinctually tightening his legs around the other.“Felt like a fly,” Jungkook mocked, voice muffled as he had gone back to tasting Jimin’s skin on his neck. He was definitely going to look utterly fucked tomorrow, perhaps like a giraffe. Lucky for Jimin he didn’t at least have any classes. Or well, he did, at 07, but there was no way he was going to that one now. It was just a regular lecture, nothing he couldn’t skip. Or something. Jimin couldn’t really remember at the moment as Jungkook gently lied them down on the bed, the human under him.“Didn’t need to make the bed earlier,” Jungkook smirked before Jimin pulled his head back, a fist in his hair as he led their lips together again.“That’s not how that concept works,” Jimin absently mumbled against his lips, not remembering what he just said a second later. Jungkook was a little clumsy in his kissing, but Jimin find he liked it. Even though the other was unmistakably a lot more powerful Jimin got to lead, showing Jungkook what he liked.The other was, however, a bit slow to catch on. Perhaps Jimin had to be more forceful for the other to even realize Jimin was trying to sit up. He pushed forcefully on Jungkook’s chest again, following him back as Jimin finally got to sit up, quickly shrugging out of his hoodie before Jungkook tried to push him down again.The vampire seemed to catch on though and quickly sat back, shrugging out of his own clothes, shirt, socks, then pants and underwear off in a matter of seconds. Again, very blunt, Jimin reminded himself as he eyed the vampire’s nakedness.“Will you remove my pants too?” Jimin flirted instead as he himself started pulling of the black t-shirt he had wore under the hoodie. Just as he got it over his head Jungkook pulled his pants down, Jimin yelling in surprise as he fell into a lying position with the shirt stuck over his head. He could hear Jungkook laughing above him, throwing both his socks off in haste before helping Jimin with the shirt off, the human looking flustered beneath him. Just like Jimin had expected Jungkook just threw his underwear off as well, clearly no intention of taking things slow and sweet.Jimin was fine with that.“Can I fuck you?” Jungkook asked eagerly as he kissed Jimin again, moving to his neck the instant he felt Jimin getting short of breath. He was learning, the human thought.Jimin laughed lightly, “I have to shower for that,” he informed the other, sliding his hands up over Jungkook’s shoulders, feeling the muscles move as Jungkook did. Following them down over his back Jimin released a sigh as Jungkook grinded down against him.“Later, then,” the younger then concluded, Jimin smiling at him.Jungkook moved his hips with a set pace, a bit too slow but enough to make Jimin whisper “yes” and “Jungkook” over and over again. He threw a leg over the other’s back, showing Jungkook how he liked it, picking up the rhythm a bit.Soon Jimin felt sweaty, his palms warm where they grabbed onto Jungkook’s back, his neck, his ass, his hips. Snaking his fingers into his hair he controlled how he wanted to be kissed and when he needed a break to breathe. Jimin laughed lightly at the fact that Jungkook clearly wasn’t used to kissing a partner that was breathing. Or at least so it seemed.“Fuck,” Jimin interrupted himself, closing his eyes as he threw his head back. Jungkook had grabbed both their cocks with one hand, thrusting forwards as Jimin thoughtlessly pushed his legs wider apart, asking for more. Somewhere from the couch his phone beeped of texts or something but Jimin couldn’t care less, hair wild on the pillow beneath him as he pressed himself down against the bed.“I’m about t-to cum,” he whispered to the other, opening his eyes to meet Jungkook’s. The other nodded in reply, tightening his grip as he leaned down to trace Jimin’s collarbones with his tongue again. Jimin could already feel, even in his fever, a particularly sensitive bruise forming just where the two met.“Come on,” he gasped, releasing a whiny moan, his voice getting higher with every thrust and pump of Jungkook’s fist.Finally spilling over the edge Jimin’s right hand gripped harshly the hair of the other, his toes curling before his legs relaxed into the sheets, his hips twitching a bit as Jungkook gently continued stroking him. Jimin had closed his eyes when the euphoria hit him, now opening them to find Jungkook watching him. He didn’t look sweaty nor was he out of breath, but he surely looked turned on. Lascivious. Hungry.Jimin felt Jungkook carefully let go of his cock, watching him move his hand to stroke himself, using Jimin’s semen. With a loud sigh Jimin let his head fall back into the pillows behind him, watching Jungkook pull himself off, eventually leaning over Jimin again.“You want some help?” Jimin asked, trying to sound sweet. His voice just came out as rough instead, post-sex raspy. He had been vocal after all.Moving a bit to the side he gestured for Jungkook to lie down beside him, gripping his cock with two hands. Jimin wasn’t sure how close the other was to orgasm but he still looked like he was enjoying himself quite a lot. Jungkook threw his arms behind his head, leaning on them as Jimin pulled himself up on one elbow, his right hand working on the other.After another minute had passed Jimin puted a little, “I’ll blame your stamina on you being a vampire because I sure as hell didn’t cum fast. At least not for a human,” he told the other, Jungkook still grinning at him.“That could make sense,” the younger said, leaning forwards to kiss up and down Jimin’s chest. Still being a bit over sensitive Jimin pulled away when Jungkook moved to his nipples, giving him a look before he got to his knees. Turning around Jimin lied down with his head right in front of Jungkook’s crotch, experimentally giving his cock a few licks before leading it into his mouth. Jimin had only give one blow job before and it probably hadn’t been the best for the dude. But Jimin was older now; he had watched enough porn. And besides, he knew what he himself liked so it shouldn’t be too hard.But alas, Jimin still choked not only once but twice. Jungkook didn’t seem to take notice though and Jimin was happy he didn't get laughed at. It was a little embarrassing. He somehow felt a little obliged to be, in one way or another, better than Jungkook because he was older. For all Jimin knew Jungkook could be a virgin, or perhaps he hadn’t had sex many times. There wasn’t really anything that told him so, he certainly wasn’t bad, but his kissing was a little clumsy. And he was younger. Added to the obvious fact that he had apparently lived in a mansion with his family for his entire life, take a year.A deep grunt brought Jimin out of his thoughts, Jungkook suddenly reaching forwards to lift Jimin’s legs apart, reaching the skin of his thighs. With a shiver Jimin felt the other start yet again to give him hickeys, this time on the inside of his legs.Tightening his fist, even though he was getting a bit tired in his wrist, Jimin assumed Jungkook was getting close. Another low groan was heard, Jimin feeling a bit in awe as he listened to the sound grow into what was unmistakably a growl. Moving his head back he eventually and finally brought the other to climax, but not before Jungkook surprised him even further. Jimin nearly exclaimed a yelp as Jungkook all of a sudden lifted Jimin's lower body up, grip around his legs. Jimin was suddenly scared to fall to the side but the vampire seemed to have his hold in control and kept the balance, the human waiting for an explanation. As Jungkook's eyes relaxed but not yet opening he slowly lowered Jimin's body again, a soft laugh escaping him. "Sorry, I forgot to control my strength," he chuckled briefly, the deep sound of his voice sending vibrations through Jimin’s chest.“Fuck, Jimin,” Jungkook added with a breath. Jimin sat up, drying his hands off on the corner of his white sheets. He would need to wash them tomorrow anyway. He wondered if Jungkook had noticed the chocolate stain Jimin created two days ago."Warn me before you decide to start doing acrobatics next time," Jimin said, still a bit surprised. “Shower?” Jungkook asked after a moment, holding out his arms as Jimin lied down beside him again, realizing Jungkook felt just as warm as him now.“Tomorrow,” Jimin grunted tiredly. Jimin liked sleeping next to people, like Taehyung, and often hugged pillows in a warm body’s absence. Leaning over Jungkook it didn’t take long before sleep overtook him.***-***-***With a sigh Jimin woke up, blinking his eyes open as he turned his head into something hard. Jungkook’s shoulder, he realized. Smacking his dry lips for a moment he then rolled around, glancing out his room. His phone was lit up, Jimin could see the screen even from his place on the bed, the device filled with multiple notifications .Carefully sitting up with a yawn he looked at the still body to his right, having to slap a hand over his mouth not to laugh at the sight.Jungkook had stolen his blindfold and was seemingly sleeping peacefully. It was just that Jimin never really saw anyone wearing it since he himself owned it, and he obviously couldn’t see himself when he wore it since it was covering his eyes. But the silly, googly eyes of a pink bunny looked utterly goofy on Jungkook’s face, his mouth open, fangs out. Perhaps he was dreaming of eating then? Jimin wondered if he could accidentally bite him in his sleep. He felt multiple sore spots on his neck and especially his thighs. He assumed they were all hickeys and bruises but would he feel a difference if Jungkook truly did bite him? Bite him again, that was.Trying to be as quiet as possible Jimin climbed off his bed, grabbing his phone before he headed for the bathroom. Sitting down he read the texts Taehyung had sent him. Apparently a music video had dropped by their favorite band.Jimin forgot about time for a moment as he watched some parts of the video, volume on the lowest as he decided to reply to Taehyung too.



 Taehyung was awake then. It was late but the other had a really odd sleeping schedule and wasn’t too affected by lack of sleep. Jimin was pretty envious.

Jimin tried to suppress his giggles. He washed his hands and sat on the closed toilet lid instead, toes wiggling in his small bathroom carpet. He reminded himself to wash it soon, glaring at the small balls of dust and a long hair that clearly didn’t belong to him.





Jin? Jimin raised his eyebrow at that but thought back to it. He was interested by the vampire culture rather than trying to hit on Jin. Sure, the guy was handsome and nice, but Jimin hadn’t even thought about it. Did it seem like that though at the party? Jimin hoped Jin hadn’t taken it the wrong way. Perhaps it was just Hoseok and his tendency to make theories and jump to conclusions.

Ah, so his friend’s had a gaming or movie night then. He could tell Taehyung wasn’t drunk-texting at least, which made the small worry he had disappear. And even though Jimin had a wonderful evening he couldn’t help but longing a little after his friends. Movie night with them was fun and Jimin always slept amazing next to the two of them on Taehyung’s fancy bed. No matter how odd other’s thought it was Jimin didn’t care; he was a fucking slut for cuddling. Taehyung was probably going to get Jimin a shirt with that printed one day.

Jimin grinned in excitement at his screen, noticing his battery was dropping, reminding himself to charge it when he got back into bed. Because he was planning on soon, his bathroom was a little chilly.

Jimin heard a noise from the other room, blinking as he focused to hear anything else. With a quick goodnight text to Taehyung he left the bathroom, turning the light off.“Did I wake you?” Jimin asked as he saw Jungkook sitting up in the bed, blindfold pushed up onto his forehead, eyes narrowing at the soft light that was coming from outside the windows.“How long did I sleep?” Jungkook asked, his voice a lot deeper than yesterday. It reminded Jimin of the growl he’d emitted right as he orgasmed, the human feeling a shiver run down his back. It had been pretty damn sexy, Jimin thought.“About 5 or so hours? I went out pretty fast at least,” Jimin said as he walked to Jungkook’s side, which was the side Jimin usually slept on and where he kept his charger cord. Taehyung had texted him again and Jimin ignored it, turning the sound off and lowering the brightness, turning the phone screen down. Jungkook was obviously sensitive to bright light.“5 hours? Wow, I love you,” Jungkook said, Jimin stopping in his tracks to stare at the other with wide eyes.“Jungkook, you can’t just say that to anyone. Not like that,” Jimin coughed, gulping down some water from the bottle he kept by his bed.“I thought you said you weren’t prude,” Jungkook grinned. Jimin rolled his eyes and jumped up on the bed, onto Jungkook and rolling over clumsily to his spot again.“Why though? Because I’m good in bed?” Jimin smirked a little, getting comfortable under the sheets. They had gotten cold from the minutes he was away but Jungkook’s body still had heat to it.“You were okay,” Jungkook shrugged, laughing as Jimin punched his shoulder, using more force this time.“It was good, I’m joking,” Jungkook grinned, seemingly not noticing the punch at all.“Then I’ll ask you if you were a virgin,” Jimin said, pushing the other into lying down again so he could rest on Jungkook’s chest.“Ouch,” Jungkook said and Jimin pouted.“I didn’t mean like that. I figured since you only lived in a mansion with your family.”“We’re not the Amish. We get visits from other vampire groups and families just as much as we visit them,” Jungkook explained, “so no, not a virgin. Never had sex with a man though,” he smiled.“And never with a human either I’m guessing?”“Nope,” he smiled then caught himself, “Was I too rough?” Jungkook quickly asked, his expression falling a bit.“No, it’s okay. I enjoyed it but some people might be more sensitive. I only got a bit frustrated when you didn’t notice I was trying to do something.”“Like breathing?” Jungkook laughed, embarrassment visible on his face.“Like breathing,” Jimin agreed, smiling in return. “I might not be as strong as you, but even though I am strong... I guess I’m fragile? Don’t accidentally break my neck.”“I’ll try not to,” Jungkook grinned, leaning forwards to give Jimin an unexpected kiss, the human replying without thinking twice.“How reassuring,” Jimin said, a little flustered by how easy his heart was reacting to Jungkook’s seducing. If it even was that. Perhaps he was just being himself.So Jungkook had never been with another human? Something in Jimin said ‘good’ with pride, and he thought he’d like to keep it that way. If that was okay.“I said I love you because I’m a bit amazed I slept at all, in a foreign place. You smell nice and the bed is nice,” Jungkook explained after a moment, Jimin nodding slowly.“Do vampires not sleep regularly?”“No, we do. But we can manage without for about a month. Then again I’m pretty special in the way that I sleep a lot. I like sleeping,” he shrugged. One hand moved up into Jimin’s hair, Jimin in turn moaning loudly as Jungkook started running his fingers through his strands.“The light is annoying, right?” Jimin asked, feeling Jungkook nod. “I’m sorry I woke you up then.”“It’s okay. I thought you were getting ready for round two but you seem kinda sleepy,” he said above Jimin’s head, the smile audible in his voice.“Later,” Jimin promised again as he closed his eyes. Because of the fingers moving through his hair Jimin was again asleep in just a minute or two. ‘This is nice’ he thought as blurry dreams started enveloping him. Jimin liked it, 'this',  and wished to keep Jungkook around, in his bed preferably. Or his apartment. If that was okay.



Chapter End Notes
The video link Tae sent Jimin is a real link to one of my fav videos ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) you should look it up



Afterword


End Notes
Thanks for reading! ♡Please leave a comment as it's the only nutrition I feed on :v


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



