



The Time Travelers - MiladyDragon - Torchwood
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

The Time Traveler's Gambit
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/446555.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
F/M, M/M
Fandom:
Torchwood
Relationship:
Jack Harkness/Ianto Jones, Jack Harkness/Original Jack Harkness, Owen Harper/Diane Holmes
Character:
Jack Harkness, Ianto Jones, Toshiko Sato, Owen Harper, Kathy Swanson, Gwen Cooper, Bilis Manger
Additional Tags:
Dragon-Verse, Alternate Universe - Canon, Alternate Universe - Fantasy, Time Travel, Angst, Temporary Character Death
Series:
Part 18 of
Dragon-Verse Series One
Stats:

        Published: 2012-06-28
        Words: 17210
      

The Time Traveler's Gambit
by MiladyDragon
Summary
With Jack acting out of character and the team uncertain of its own thoughts and actions, can Ianto figure out what's happening in time to stop a disaster?



The Time Traveler's Gambit

 


21 January 2008 


 
Toshiko  slid her key into the lock, letting herself and Owen into Ianto's  house. It was dark within, and if she didn't know better she would have  sworn no one was home.
But she did know differently.
She  ushered Owen inside, closing and locking the door behind them. The house  might have looked deserted from the outside, but once inside they could  both hear the faint sound of singing coming from the darkened loft.
She  glanced at Owen, sadness causing a lump to grow in her throat. She  recognized the song; it was the Song of Mourning, and Toshiko knew who  he was singing it for.
It was for the dragon himself.
Toshiko  hadn't heard what Ianto and Jack had talked about earlier in the day,  but she knew how that conversation had ended: with Ianto leaving the  Hub, and Jack actually looking smug about making the dragon retreat from  the battle, the anguish on Ianto's face making her own eyes prickle  with unshed tears. She'd wanted to follow her friend then and there, but  Owen had stopped her, saying that they didn't want to tip Jack off to  their leaving, and that it would bring too much attention to Ianto's  departure. Plus, for some reason she really didn't want to leave Jack  alone in the Hub, at least not before she secured several sensitive  programs and routines. She simply didn't trust this new version of Jack;  there was no telling what he might do.
Owen had told her  everything about his tine since Diane had left, and once again Toshiko  had wished she'd spoken up about the Fire Dragon's visit to her. Maybe  they'd been able to figure out what was wrong with Owen before, if she  hadn't been silent? Could they have stopped things from going so far out  of control?
It was too late to ask those questions.
Toshiko  had entertained going in and confronting Jack, but knew it wouldn't do  any good. No, it would most likely make things worse, and until they  figured out what was going on, that would be a mistake.
She would have to keep her righteous indignation under control for the time being.
Together they headed toward the stairs. "Ianto?" she called softly, not wanting to startle the dragon.
The singing stopped. "Tosh? Come up, please."
She headed upstairs, Owen at her heels. "Owen's here, too," she said.
"Yeah," the medic spoke up. "Wanted to check to see how you're doing."
The  only light coming into the loft was from the skylight. It illuminated  the coiled form of the dragon, lying on his bed of cushions, snout  resting on his crossed front legs. His slitted blue eyes glittered in  the light of the full moon. They were incredibly sad, but he gave them a  dragon smile full of sharp teeth as they approached. "I'm fine," he  rumbled, "as you can see."
"Bollocks, Dragon Boy," Owen snapped.  "We don't know what went on in that office, but I know what Tosh told me  about their little impromptu trip to the past, and I can guess you're  anything but fine."
The dragon sighed, lifting his head. "You're  right, of course," he admitted. "I'm having difficulty reconciling what I  know of Jack, and what happened with the real Captain Harkness…and  before you say anything, it's not because Jack kissed the man. Jack  kisses people all the time. Nor am I jealous. I'm…disappointed, and  angry, and I just can't believe Jack would put a man's life in danger  like that."
Toshiko frowned. "What was in that diary, Ianto? What happened to Captain Harkness after we left?"
She  sat down beside him, giving what comfort she could with her presence.  Owen collected a chair from the other side of the room and joined them,  listening as the dragon told them what had been written in the diary  that Torchwood had collected.
After he was done, Toshiko couldn't  help the tears. Captain Jack had been a good man, even though she hadn't  known him all that long, and he hadn't deserved what happened to him.  Owen was cursing a blue streak, calling Jack every name in the book.
"Harkness  might be a bastard at times," Owen said, "but not even he would do  something like that to someone. He knew what the penalties were back  then."
"And yet," the dragon sighed, "he did. And a good man committed suicide because of it."
"From  what I saw," Toshiko said, "Jack just seemed to change. He went from  being suspicious of the circumstances of our arriving there; to  accepting it and threatening to change time for the captain. It  was…bizarre."
"Sounds like he was being influenced to me," Owen suggested.
Toshiko  nodded. "That's what I thought, too." She decided that she needed to  tell them about the warning. It might be too late to do anything about  it, but it might shed more light onto what was going on.
And so,  she admitted her seeing the Fire Dragon, and the warning she had given  Toshiko. Her face flushed in shame as she recounted that meeting, and  how she'd decided to keep things to herself instead of saying anything.  Thinking about it now, she couldn't believe that she'd stayed silent,  and not told at least Ianto what had happened, instead of simply telling  Rhiannon and standing back to see what happened.
What might have been different if she's just said something?
"Bloody  hell, Tosh," Owen exclaimed. "You know I don't go into that sort of  mumbo-jumbo, but then our boss is an honest-to-shit dragon, so I can't  call you delusional."
She rolled her eyes. "Gee, thanks Owen."
"The  four Great Dragons are real," Ianto murmured. "Tosh also saw the Earth  Dragon, and was Named his Friend. She has the mark to prove it." He  turned his eyes to her. "I don't blame you for not saying anything. I  can't, because at this moment I don't think we can differentiate between  what's been our actual decisions, and what we've done under the  influence of…something."
It didn't actually make her feel any  better, but she had to agree. Toshiko didn't honestly know if her not  saying anything was something she'd decided, or had been decided for  her. "I have to think that Jack's being manipulated, as well. We all  know he can be cold-blooded, but to actually condemn a good man like he  did…I can't see it. There's also something else…well, a couple of things  that I brought back from the past with me." She dug into her bag, and  brought out the pictures and the strange key-like device she'd found in  Bilis' office in 1941. "We'll need light…"
Owen got up and turned  on the light near the large bed that took up a third of the loft, then  rejoined them. He cursed as Toshiko showed them the photographs, Ianto's  large head hovering over them the better to see them as well.
"And you found these in the past?" the dragon asked.
"Yeah," she answered. "It's pretty obvious that whoever's behind this can travel in time."
When  they got to the last photo, it was time for Ianto to curse. "How did  they get that without me seeing them?" he growled. "It looks like it's  my own back garden!"
"Maybe your perceptions were messed with," Owen said. "Just like mine was, when I thought I kept seeing Diane all over town?"
"We're dealing with something very powerful," the dragon commented.
"It  would have to be," Toshiko said. "You remember what Jack said, back  when Mary had given me that pendant, and I couldn't read him?" At least  she could mention that time now without blushing too badly.
The large head nodded. "I do."
"Care to fill me in?" Owen groused.
"Jack  said he'd had pretty strong mental barriers," Toshiko clarified, "and  he thought whatever it was making him come back from the dead also made  him impossible to read telepathically."
"He was pretty confident," Ianto added.
"Yeah,  well it wouldn't be the first time Harkness has been overconfident  about something," Owen pointed out. "Sounds like to me that something  got past those supposedly great shields of his."
Owen did have a point, as much as Toshiko didn't want to admit it.
"That has to be the explanation," the dragon said. "If not…then we have to face the fact that we didn't know Jack at all."
Owen  snorted. "No, this isn't Harkness' usual self. Look, I might give you  two grief, but even I can see he's nuts about you, Ianto. There's no  chance in hell of him suddenly falling for another bloke, no matter how  nice a guy he is, let alone do something to get the man killed. Like I  said, he can be a bastard…but this isn't him."
"There was also this," Toshiko held out the device she'd found. "It looks almost like a Rift key – "
"It's not," the dragon rumbled angrily. "That's the key to the Rift Manipulator."
Toshiko was puzzled. She hadn't been aware that the Manipulator even needed a key, and she said so.
"When  Jack and I took over Torchwood Three, we had to kick Yvonne Hartman's  minions out first. But, they decided to do as much damage as possible  without being obvious about it, and so they removed that," a claw  pointed toward the key Toshiko held, "from the Manipulator. Yvonne felt  that, if she couldn't have control over the Rift, then we couldn't  either. Jack only noticed it about a month later, when we were going  over the blueprints to do some preventative maintenance. By then, it was  too late to do anything about it."
"But how did this Bilis Manger have it in his desk?" Toshiko asked. "It would mean he had an 'in' into Torchwood One!"
"Not  necessarily," Owen said. "He could have scavenged the ruins after the  battle, same as we did. And if this Manger guy is the one traveling in  time, then he would have known to be there on that day."
"That's  possible," Ianto said. "Jack had me search for it, but it had vanished  from the London Archive. We'd just assumed it had gotten sucked into the  Void with a lot of things that had been in the Tower. And I admit…I was  a bit well, distracted, after I found Lisa."
Toshiko could understand that.
"All  right," Ianto said, sitting up a bit. "It's safe to say that something –  and I'm leaning toward this Bilis Manger person – has been manipulating  this team for some reason we don't know yet. We've been spied on, and  put into situations that would make us react in certain ways. The three  of us in this room have most likely been victims, and we can safely say  that Jack is the latest of us. Gwen, we don't know – "
"What about  her Retconning her boyfriend?" Toshiko defended. "Certainly she  wouldn't have done that to him if she'd been in her right mind!"
"We  can't be sure," the dragon repeated. "She's new; we have no idea what  she would do under the circumstances. Although, I will say this: when  I'd pointed out to Owen that Diane was alive, he did eventually accept  it. With Gwen…Jack and I both told her she was wrong, and I know you've  been talking to her Tosh, and she has yet to admit she made a mistake.  She hasn't accepted that she was wrong to do what she did."
"Neither has Jack," Toshiko pointed out.
"I'm  with Dragon Boy," Owen said. "Gwen didn't have to start an affair with  me, and she certainly didn't have to come clean. Besides, if Jack and  Ianto hadn't caught her, we might never have known about it. It wouldn't  have done whoever it was any good if it wasn't something that would  have affected the team."
He was right, of course. Toshiko knew it,  but at the same time she'd been hoping that Gwen hadn't been in her  right mind when she'd used the Retcon. It was an action that didn't make  sense to her; after all, you confess in order to gain forgiveness. You  don't confess only to Retcon the reason out of the party you're asking  the forgiveness from.
"All right," Ianto interrupted her thoughts.  "There are some things we need to do. First, I want to make sure that  while Jack is under this influence that he can't do anything damaging to  the Rift or to the Hub – "
"I've already done some systems  lockdowns," Toshiko answered. "I've taken my Rift program off the  mainframe and locked it under multiple protections on my laptop, just in  case. I've also reprogrammed the Manipulator to only accept retinal  patterns and voice recognition, and it has to be all of us, not just one  will work. Oh, and even though I can't access the Secure Archives, I've  been able to add an extra wall of security…and I'll get you the new  pass codes, Ianto."
The dragon looked impressed. "Well done, Tosh."
She preened. "Thank you."
"I  also think we need to see if we can't track down this Bilis Manger…"  Ianto paused. "Wait a moment…Detective Swanson said the caretaker for  the Ritz was named Manger…"
"I can do a quick search and see what I  can come up with online on our mysterious Manger," Toshiko said,  finally feeling like they were accomplishing something.
"Should we call in Gwen to help?" Owen asked.
Ianto  considered. "No," he finally answered. "I want to keep her in reserve.  As of this moment, she's about the only one who could possibly be free  of any sort of control, and I'd like to keep it that way. Besides, she  could very well still be under surveillance by Manger or whoever took  those pictures. If we look as if things are fairly normal, then perhaps  we can catch them by surprise."
"Do you still have the cameras and such up at her flat?" Toshiko asked.
"We do; after we suspended her we decided to keep them up."
"I could hack into those, see if she's been approached. I can also check the CCTV."
"Sounds good. If we need to pull her in then we should know if she's going to be bringing any unexpected guests with her."
"That's  all well and good," Owen said, "but we're still gonna need some sort of  back-up in case things go pear-shaped. And I also don't think any of us  should be alone."
"You have a good point," Ianto said. "And I have just the person…
 
 


22 January 2008


 
"A double chocolate muffin and double espresso for the lovely detective this morning."
Kathy  Swanson rolled her eyes, accepting Ianto's offering of breakfast. "Cut  the flirting, Jones," she said lightly. "You really have been hanging around Himself too long."
Ianto  barely hid his wince by sliding into the booth opposite the detective.  He really didn't want to be reminded of Jack at the moment.
"So,"  Kathy went on, "you gonna share why you called me at God-awful-thirty  this morning, and why I had to blow off the DCI in order to get off to  meet you?" She took a bite of her muffin, making a pleased, humming  sound.
The dragon didn't bother to hide his discomfiture this time. "If you need me to call and clear this – "
"Nah,"  she said. "I just said it was you asking, and he was fine with it." She  looked at him shrewdly. "I'm guessing it's pretty urgent if you're  coming to me for help?"
"You could say that." Ianto pulled a small  device about the size of a lipstick from his pocket, thumbing it on and  setting it on the table between them. When he'd asked her to meet him  at their usual coffee shop, Ianto had realized that, if he was indeed  under surveillance, asking Swanson to talk to him anywhere else might  cause suspicion.
One expressive eyebrow went up. "Afraid we're going to be overheard, then?"
Her question startled him. "You know about this sort of tech?"
She shrugged. "I watch spy movies. You think you're being watched?"
"It's  a very distinct possibility." This was one of the reasons he liked  Kathy Swanson; she was sharp, and she picked up on things that other  people might not. But then, this was what made her an excellent  investigator.
"Don't you think, if you are, that they might get suspicious if we're suddenly under some sort of 'cone of silence'?"
It  was a valid question, but this was alien tech. "Not with that," he  answered. "It takes our conversation and makes it sound like we're  talking about the weather, or somesuch."
"That's handy." She was impressed.
"It  doesn't last long, but it will be long enough." Ianto took a drink of  his own coffee. Kathy Swanson was one of the very few people he trusted  outside both Torchwood and Ddraig Llyn; it was just approaching the  subject in the right way that made him hesitate.
Swanson waited  calmly, eating her muffin and making the odd pleasurable sound. If Jack  had been in his right mind and present, he would have been making lewd  comments.
No, he couldn't think of Jack…
"Who got the initial call-out on the Ritz Dance Hall?" he asked.
The  detective cocked her head, looking at him closely. "It was Davidson and  Smythe. They took the witness statements and poked around…until they  heard the music themselves, then thought it was something Torchwood  should handle. DCI Henderson asked me to call you in."
"Did you talk to the manager, Manger, personally?"
"No, I just relayed orders to Davidson onsite. So, I take it was something along your line?"
"It  was." Ianto folded his hands on the table, linking his fingers around  the Styrofoam cup. "And I needed to make certain you hadn't come into  contact with Manger."
"Davidson did say the man creeped him out."
"PC Davidson has good intuition."
"Don't tell him that, it might go to his head."
Ianto felt a corner of his mouth twitching upward at that. "We think Manger is involved in a plot against Torchwood."
"So the callout was a hoax?"
"Not at all," he assured her. "Are you ready for another Torchwood history lesson?"
Swanson snorted. "I think you might find that I know more than you believe I do."
Ianto looked at her closely. "Have you been doing your research?"
"You could say I have a source."
The  dragon frowned. Was someone talking out of turn? No; he trusted his  teammates…well, as much as he could under the current circumstances.
The  detective smirked. Swanson removed her black suit jacket, revealing the  pale gold blouse underneath. As Ianto watched, she began to roll up her  left sleeve…
His eyes flew wide, not believing what he was seeing.
Tattooed  on her left wrist, just above the black leather of her watch band, was a  small dragon, wreathed in flame, the red and orange of the design  standing out against her dusky skin.
"You – " was all he could get  out, so stunned was he that words simply wouldn't come. As Swanson  rolled her sleeve back up, looking decidedly smug, Ianto tried to get  his shocked mind working once more.
Kathy Swanson was a Dragon-Friend, and she'd been Marked by the Fire Dragon herself.
"When – " Ianto still struggled to speak.
"Only  about a week," she answered, buttoning up her sleeve once more. "In  fact, it was the night the Fire Dragon warned your Toshiko that  something was going on. Gotta say, that was an interesting night…finding  out a friend you've known for years is actually an honest-to-God  dragon."
"I…" No, he had to get himself back together. Ianto had  known there would be two more Dragon-Friends out there; it was just that  one was Kathy Swanson was throwing him for a loop. "I've been wanting  to tell you for years," he exclaimed. "But I didn't want you to have to  lie to your superiors if ever asked if you knew secrets about  Torchwood."
She waved him off. "It's fine, I figured it was  something like that. But now you know you don't have to worry about that  anymore."
Ianto slumped down in the plastic seat, relief doing  strange things to his insides. He'd always known he could trust her, and  now they shared a bond that went beyond friendship.
He really wanted to hug her, but decided to keep it professional in public.
Then Ianto grinned, thinking how jealous Jack was going to be with Kathy as a Dragon-Friend…but the smile faded quickly.
"I'm sure there was something behind that expression," she said shrewdly.
"There is, and I'll explain in a bit. All right, just how much did the Fire Dragon tell you?"
Kathy  shrugged her jacket back on. "She gave me a rather condensed dragon  history – which I'm looking forward to having you fill out in more  detail – and about the Rift through Cardiff. I have to say, I kinda  believed the Rift stuff before the dragon stuff."
Ianto had to laugh. "Even with a dragon made out of fire sitting in front of you?"
"Hey,"  she retorted, "I've lived in Cardiff and I've heard all the weird shit  that happens around here, so I had a head start in the belief department  where that was concerned! It certainly explains a lot, too."
She had a point, he reflected.
"She also told me about the warning," Kathy went on.
Ianto nodded. "We're pretty certain the one we're looking for is this Bilis Manger person."
He  launched into everything that had been happening to the team, not  holding anything back. It felt wonderful to be able to talk to someone  who wasn't a member of Torchwood, and who he thought he could trust not  to be under the influence of Manger or whoever was behind it all. He  wasn't ashamed of asking for help, and with Kathy now bearing the Fire  Dragon's mark, it made things so much easier.
As for Kathy, she  listened to everything, not interrupting and taking it all in. Ianto  could see her working things through, could see her putting pieces  together and he hoped she would have a new perspective on what had been  happening to the team in the last weeks.
"Look," she said, once he  was done, "all of this time traveling and aliens and mysticism crap is  beyond me. I'm just a copper who happens to live and work in one of the  weirdest cities in Wales and who has a dragon for a friend."
"I  know I'm chucking you into the deep end, but I really could use your  input into this." Ianto valued her opinion highly, and he decided to let  her have the time to process what he'd told her. At least the Fire  Dragon had given him a bit of a head start in the explanation  department.
She looked thoughtful. "And you're certain you've all been compromised?"
Ianto  nodded. "It's obvious now that we look back at it." He'd thought about  it last night, after Toshiko and Owen had left, and had come to the  conclusion that he, too, had been manipulated; he'd known something was  wrong, and had ignored or brushed off the feeling.
His mother would have been disappointed in him, for not remembering to listen to his heart.
"Owen  was made to see Diane, who told him she'd been taken by the Rift when  in fact she was actually in Alaska," he ticked off. "Tosh didn't say  anything about the Fire Dragon, when she normally would have. As for  me…let's just say I haven't been paying much attention to my instincts  like I usually do. And now there's Jack…"
"I do trust you've taken precautions with him acting not like himself?"
"We  have. And Owen and Tosh are watching him now." They'd agreed last night  that the two would cover for him, while he spoke to Kathy.
"And there's no chance that this so-called influence won't get to them again?"
Ianto  considered. That was also something they'd discussed. "None of us think  so, now that we know it happened once we'll be on the lookout again."
He could tell she was chewing that one over. "And what about Cooper?"
Ianto  sighed. "She's currently serving a suspension for misuse of Torchwood  resources. She's due to come back Wednesday. As far as we know, she  hasn't been approached or influenced in any way." Toshiko had also  checked the recordings they'd made from the surveillance devices within  the Cooper-Williams flat, and nothing looked out of the ordinary,  although it was obvious that Gwen was going stir crazy.
Toshiko was planning to check CCTV later, after she went home for the evening.
It  was evident that Kathy was trying very hard to keep her eye rolling  under control. "Then why haven't you called her in on this?"
"Because,  if we're still under some sort of surveillance," Ianto said, "I don't  want whoever it is suspicious. If I met Gwen then that would be out of  character for both of us…"
"Whereas you and I meet on a fairly  regular basis," she finished. "Got it." She took a sip of her coffee,  shuddering slightly. "Gone cold, and not a patch on yours. My treat, and  then we can get back to business."
Ianto nodded, and Kathy headed  up to the counter for another order. So much had changed, now that she  was another Dragon-Friend. He couldn't help but feel relieved by knowing  that someone he knew and trusted was now practically family. He didn't  bother to hide his smile.
"Pleasant thoughts, I take it?" his friend said, setting down the two coffees she'd gotten them.
"Just thinking about welcoming you to the family," he answered.
Kathy gave him a sly smile. "Your family is too weird by half, Jones."
The dragon laughed.
"Okay,"  she went on, after taking a drink of the fresh coffee, "I want to look  at everything you've told me in a logical manner. Frankly, I'm afraid  you and the rest of your team are too close to it to see all the fiddly  bits."
"You're right, of course."
"First of all," Kathy began, "you're assuming that this Manger is, if not behind it all, at least a major player."
Ianto nodded his agreement.
"That makes sense. Now, how do you think he's able to influence you all?"
"There  are so many ways he could do it," the dragon said. "If it's alien tech,  then we should be able to locate it and neutralize it. If it's  something he's doing himself, then it's going to take finding him and  making him stop in some way." He didn't add that 'some way' was most  likely to be unpleasant.
"All right. Let's set that aside for the  moment. What's his motive? What does he want? Is there anything in the  scant evidence we have that points toward why?"
Ianto was quiet  for a moment. There was only one thing, and it was what he had been  thinking, back when Jack and Toshiko had been stranded in the past. "The  Rift," he answered.
"But why?" she pressed. "What could he possibly want with this Rift? Can you control it?"
"No,  we can't," Ianto admitted. "It's far too dangerous. We did use a  program to open it successfully, to get Jack and Toshiko back from 1941,  but there's not enough precision to even think about trying it again,  unless it's an emergency. And even then, the equations wouldn't open the  Rift fully." Opening the Rift completely could be a disaster.
"Then what about this key you said you found?"
A shiver ran down Ianto's spine. Of course.  He sat up straighter. "Bilis had the Manipulator key. But he shouldn't  have; it had been taken by Torchwood One, back when Jack and I took over  Three."
"Then how did he get it, let alone know it existed?"
Ianto  was suddenly even gladder that Kathy Swanson was on their side. "We  talked about that last night, and Owen brought up the question of how he  got it. We thought, if he could travel in time, then he would have  known about the battle and could have gotten it afterward."
"Of course, this still doesn't answer the second question…how did he know it existed?"
And it dropped into place.
"Someone told him."
Kathy nodded. "That's obvious. Jesus, Jones…your mind really has been messed with. You're usually faster on the uptake."
Ianto  cursed himself. She was right. That should have occurred to him as soon  as Toshiko had shown him the key. "There were only two people in  Cardiff who knew about the key and what had happened to it: myself and  Jack."
"Then it had to be from one of you."
It made far too  much sense to dismiss. Ianto couldn't recall the last time he'd been  this frightened, that perhaps someone had taken control of his mind so  thoroughly that he'd given out Torchwood secrets to a potential threat.
"I'm not saying it's you," Kathy hastened to add.
"But we can't rule me out."
"No. But I'm more leaning toward the captain than you at this point, simply because you say he's still under Bilis' control."
"Bilis  could have found out about it in the past," Ianto mused, "come forward  to the battle, and taken the key. In the chaos that followed I doubt he  would have even been noticed, and he could have slipped back into the  past easily."
"That sounds about right, especially if he was  working on getting your captain under control at the time. He couldn't  leave that part of his plan for too long."
"But why send Jack and  Toshiko to the past in the first place? That seems far too complicated,"  Ianto asked. "He could have gotten to Jack here, surely?"
Kathy  did roll her eyes then. "It's obvious, Jones…the perfect scene was set  up in the past in order to get between you and Himself. And from what  you've told me, he's done a damn fine job of doing just that."
 
 


22 January 2008


 
The moment Toshiko walked into the Hub that morning, she knew something was wrong.
She  glanced at Owen, who had come in with her after the pair had stayed  over at Ianto's last night. It had only made sense, after the trio had  been up talking most of the night, trying to figure out what they were  going to do about Jack. Owen had been all for tossing him into a cell  then starting to deprogram him, but Ianto had overruled him, saying that  while Jack was acting oddly he was still competent to lead the team.  The dragon had said, though, that he would consider it if Jack ever  became a threat to the team.
They would investigate first; Ianto  had intended on asking Kathy Swanson if she'd check out some leads for  them, and Toshiko hoped she'd agree. Swanson was a good cop, and could  handle herself, although Ianto did have concerns that, whoever had  gotten to them all would try at her. It would be up to the detective if  she would help.
She and Owen had left Ianto's in plenty of time to  visit their flats and get changed, and then drove in together. It felt  good to have someone at her back, and Toshiko appreciated Owen's  presence as they entered the Hub together. She shivered; overnight, the  Hub had seemed to become more a place of shadows than it ever had been,  and it bothered her that the place no longer felt like home to her.
Owen  must have felt it too, judging from the small shudder he gave. "Still  think we need to have an intervention," he murmured in her ear, before  heading down toward the autopsy bay.
Toshiko was beginning to agree with him.
She  glanced toward Jack's office; he was there, seated at his desk, doing  something with his computer. Before all this happened, she would have  teased him about internet porn, but now…she shivered again, moving to  her own workstation and powering up the multiple monitors.
Tossing  her bag under the desk, Toshiko ran her first checks of the day, mostly  CCTV and Rift logs from the previous evening. She frowned; the internal  CCTV didn't seem to be running, and judging from the system it had been  down since a little after she and Owen had left the night before.
Another  glance toward Jack's office cemented the thought in her mind that it  must have been Jack who'd disabled the cameras, and while normally she  would have assumed it was him and Ianto up for some fun, since she'd  spent the night with the dragon Toshiko knew that wasn't the reason.
Jack was hiding something.
Since  she couldn't see what was going on with the CCTV, Toshiko pulled up the  scan logs for the night. She flipped through the various types of scan,  finally settling for the heat scans, and keeping a surreptitious watch  on her boss, Toshiko fast forwarded, tracking Jack's movements over the  previous night.
It really didn't help; Jack appeared to have been  all over the Hub last night, and so Toshiko shut it down. She turned  instead to computer activity, wondering just what he was up to.
Toshiko didn't get very far when the Rift alarm went off.
Her eyes went wide as she took in the information her computers were giving her. This wasn't possible… 
"What is it?" Jack's voice made her jump. He'd appeared at her shoulder as if by magic.
"It's  the Rift," she said, wanting to take comfort in his presence and not  being able to. Her mouth was dry as she did a second, then a third  check, on what her monitors were saying. "It…the Rift, it's  splintering."
This shouldn't have been happening. The Manipulator  kept the Rift as calm as it could, and anything with this strength and  outreach should simply have not been possible. There were cracks  appearing all over Cardiff, branching out from the Hub itself and into  the neighboring country, several faster moving cracks flowing across the  Channel and into mainland Europe.
This was impossible.
"This is what happens when you mess with the Rift," Jack said ominously. "It should never have been opened."
Toshiko  shook her head. She knew her manipulator program, and she knew exactly  what it was capable of doing, and this wasn't it. If there'd been the  slightest mistake in the calculations…but no, there hadn't been. She'd  checked after Ianto had left yesterday, and the dragon had done  everything absolutely correct.
"You're saying Ianto and me  shouldn't have bothered bringing you back then?" Owen challenged,  standing next to Toshiko in a show of support.
"We would have been  fine," Jack snapped. "What are two lives against the destruction of the  world? Opening the Rift has caused any cracks to widen, and to grow,  and for Time to seep through."
"We'll find a way to stop it,"  Toshiko said, sounding more confident than she actually felt. "I'm going  to run every scanning program we have, and see what I can find out."  Her fingers flying over the keyboard, she put her plan into action,  bringing the mainframe up to full computing power. There had to be  another reason for this; something that didn't have anything to do with  her equations.
Toshiko was proud of her work. She was very good at  what she did, and wasn't afraid to say so. Ianto and Jack had often  called her a genius, and it wasn't far off. While she'd never had her  I.Q. tested, it had to be very high indeed.
But, she wasn't above  admitting her mistakes. If she did something wrong, she would own up to  it. If her equations had caused the enormity of the Rift fractures, she  would say so. But as she ran her simulations she could see that what  she'd done had worked the way it was supposed to have, and that her tiny  opening hadn't contributed to what was going on.
It meant she had to find out what was going on.
"Toshiko," Jack interrupted.
"I need to figure this out," she answered, in far too harsh a tone than she usually used with her boss and friend.
"We know what caused it," Jack put in. "I want a meeting in the boardroom in five minutes."
A  meeting wasn't going to help the situation. "I don't want to waste  time," she growled, setting another simulation running. "We can't ask  the world to stop ending while we talk about it!"
A hand landed on  her shoulder, spinning her around in her chair. Jack's usually friendly  blue eyes were glaring at her in a way that he'd never done before. "We  know what caused the splintering," he reiterated. "Now we need to know  how to stop it."
Toshiko shrugged his hand away. "What do you  think I'm trying to fucking do?" she snapped. "I'm trying to work out  just how to fix this before the world explodes!"
"Back off,  Harkness," Owen stepped in, taking Toshiko's side, for which she was  grateful. "You wanna stop the Rift, then let Tosh do her fucking job."
Jack's eyes glittered. "Is this insubordination from the pair of you?"
Toshiko's  mouth fell open, and she didn't have to look at Owen to know he wore  the same expression. "We're professionals, Jack," she said. "You hired  us to do a job, and we're trying to do it. You want to know how to stop  the Rift? Then I'm the one you need working on it, and I can't do that  if you're calling useless meetings while the planet goes to hell!"
"Toshiko is right, sir."
She  would have hugged Ianto at that point, if not for the fact that he was  facing down Jack. Toshiko had no idea when he'd arrived in the Hub, but  she was so happy to have him backing her up in this.
Jack turned  away from her. Ianto was standing in just inside the main area of the  Hub, and it was obvious that he'd come in from the garage entrance. The  dragon's back was ramrod straight, the black of his suit echoing the  mood within the Hub. He was wearing the professional mask that Toshiko  hadn't seen him wearing ever since he and Jack had gotten together  officially, and she wanted to cry at seeing it now.
"You hired us all for a reason, Captain" the dragon went on. "Let us do our jobs."
Jack stalked toward Ianto, stopping just within his personal space. "Your job was to look after the Rift, not tear it open."
Ianto  looked Jack right in the eye, and Toshiko knew just how hard that had  to be for him. "I did only what my commanding officer has always told us  to do: never leave anyone behind. And I would do it again if the chance  presented itself."
"Even though it means you've just condemned the world to destruction?" Jack challenged.
"Yes," the dragon answered. "Even if it means that. Especially if it meant saving my best friend and the man I love."
He  said it with such a tone of tragic pride, that it broke Toshiko's  heart. Owen wasn't unaffected, and she guessed he was thinking about  Katie, and Diane. He would have been willing to tear the Rift apart to  bring Diane back, when he'd thought she'd been taken by it. He'd  admitted as much, during their talk last night.
"Even if that man doesn't love you back?" Jack asked, still challenging.
Ianto raised his head even higher. "Yes, even that." The pain in his ancient eyes was indescribable.
"Then I think you need to fix your mistake," Jack said, taking a step back.
Toshiko  opened her mouth to defend her Second, but a look from Ianto stopped  her. "If you'll let us do our jobs," he said, almost serenely, "then  perhaps we can do just that."
"Fine," Jack answered. "I'll have to  try to at least explain this mess to the PM and UNIT." With that, he  stalked toward his office, and the distinct sound of the glass rattling  as he slammed the door shut reverberated throughout the Hub.
Ianto  joined Toshiko and Owen at the workstation. She reached out and took  her friend's hand, and Ianto squeezed it back, accepting the comfort.  Owen rested a hand on his black-clad shoulder as well, in a show of  solidarity that had been missing from the Hub lately. "Show me what  you've got," he said.
Toshiko proceeded to do so. She brought up  all the readings she was getting, and together she and the dragon  examined everything that they were being shown. "The equations didn't do  this," she averred, standing behind her work. "Whatever is splintering  the Rift is something completely different."
"I believe you,  Tosh," Owen said. "Jack's talking outta his arse, if he thinks getting  the two of you back is the reason for all this."
Ianto was looking  confused. "This is not possible," he murmured, leaning over her  shoulder to enter a few commands of his own into the mainframe. The  readings stayed the same.
"That's what I think too," she answered. "This shouldn't be happening, with what you did to get us back."
The  dragon shook his head. "No, that's not what I mean. What I mean is we  shouldn't be getting these readings." His eyes suddenly changed to their  dragon aspect. "Tosh, do you have your personal PDA with you?"
"Of  course." She always carried it with her. Reaching under her desk,  Toshiko pulled her bag out and rummaged around inside for her PDA.
"I want you to run a scan for Rift energy," Ianto said, once she had it in hand. "And don't let Jack see you do it."
Confused,  Toshiko held the device below the level of her desk, switching it on  and running the scan. Her eyes widened as she saw the results. "What the  hell?"
The PDA was reading normal, background Rift energy.
With the amount of splintering her computer was telling her, the place should have been saturated in Rift stuff.
But there was nothing.
Ianto was nodding. "The Rift isn't out of control," he said. "If it were, I'd be able to feel it."
Of course. With Ianto's extrasensory perception of the Rift, he should have felt the wildness of the energy.
Toshiko  swung back to her terminals, anger urging her on to find out what the  hell was happening. Why were her computers giving her false readings?  Had someone hacked into their systems?
When it hit her, her hands froze on her keyboard. She looked at Ianto. "Jack did this, didn't he?"
"What the hell?" Owen exclaimed.
"It has to be," Ianto said. "It's the only explanation."
"But why?" the medic questioned. "Why the fuck would he want to screw with us like that?"
"Jack is out of control," Toshiko said.
"It's time we relieved him of his command," Owen asserted. "This has gone on long enough."
"Wait." Ianto put his hand on Owen's arm. His face had gone pale.
"Why the hell for? He's obviously off his head. I can certify him non compos mentis, if needed – "
"That's not it," Ianto growled.
"Then what is it?" Toshiko pressed.
Ianto's face went from pained to furious in a single second. "The man in that office isn't Jack Harkness."
 
 


22 January 2008


 
Ianto couldn't believe what an idiot he'd been.
He'd been so caught up with what had happened in the past that he hadn't been paying attention to the here and now.
The  dragon pulled his gun from its holster under his arm, striding toward  Jack's office, knowing it was time to get some answers.
He didn't  have to see to know that Toshiko and Owen were with him. If it hadn't  been for the fake Rift warnings, and Toshiko's assumption that Jack had  been behind them…how long would it have been before he'd checked his own  senses for that tell-tale itching at the back of his mind that always  accompanied Jack's presence?
He could try to make himself feel  better by telling himself that the Rift energy that saturated both the  fake Jack and Toshiko after their trip through time had masked that  familiar tingle, but he wasn't into self-deception like that. No, Ianto  hadn't sensed it because he hadn't wanted to, hadn't wanted to have Jack  be within him even that tiny bit, still hurt over what had been done to  the real Captain Jack Harkness back in the past.
It should have  been obvious to him last night. The imposter wouldn't have had access to  the Hub for as long as he had, of only he'd paid attention to his own  sensory perception – or lack thereof – of his mate.
This explained  so much. About the past, about the missing coat…and about Jack acting  so far out of character in the first place. He really should have  guessed, but he'd been so sure of simple manipulation that he'd been  blind to any other explanation.
Well, he'd make up for that now.
Shoving  the office door open, Ianto stormed inside, raising his gun and  pointing it at the imposter, who sat behind Jack's desk, where he'd once  again been working at the computer. The intruder's eyes widened as he  took in the three present members of Torchwood Three, all ready to shoot  if given the provocation.
And Ianto really, really wanted that provocation, for everything this person had put them all through.
"Get  up and step away from the desk," Ianto ordered, thumbing off the safety  of his weapon. "Keep your hands where we can see them."
The  doppelganger did as Ianto bid, coming to stand in front of the desk, his  hands raised in surrender. "What's going on, Ianto?" he demanded. "Why  aren't you working on finding out how to close the Rift?"
"Because the Rift is just fine," the dragon spat. "It's perfectly normal."
"And what were those readings we were looking at then?" the man asked warily.
"A fake," he answered. "A very clever fake, but a fake nonetheless."
The imposter glanced over at Toshiko and Owen. "And you believe him?"
"I took a reading using my own personal PDA," Toshiko answered. "Energy readings are normal. There's no current Rift activity."
"Who the hell are you?" Owen asked sharply. "And what have you done with Harkness?"
Suddenly,  the stranger smiled; a dark smile, one that looked completely wrong on  Jack's face. He put his hands down, leaning against the desk almost  insouciantly. "And here I thought my act had been nearly perfect."
Ianto  shuddered at the tone of voice; it carried the promise of something  horrible. It wasn't his mate's voice, even though it still was Jack's  familiar accent and cadence. His finger tightened imperceptively on the  trigger. "There were a few things that your surveillance couldn't have  shown," Ianto answered, almost against his will. He stopped himself  before giving all of his secrets away.
Then he frowned. Was this  the manipulation that the entire team had gone through? Was whoever this  was using it on them even now?
"I found the pictures," Toshiko said proudly. "We know you – or someone else – have been watching this team for a while now."
"Now, we're asking again," Ianto growled, "what have you done with my mate?"
The imposter simply stood there, smiling.
Ianto  ground his teeth. The man wasn't going to cooperate. "Let's get him  down into a cell. Maybe he'll agree to talk after being locked up for a  while."
They relieved him of Jack's Webley, then manacled their  intruder with a pair of handcuffs in Jack's desk – Owen making a snide  comment about why the captain would keep them in that particular place,  and Ianto not enlightening him – then the three hustled the prisoner  into one of the nastier cells. Ianto removed the wrist strap from the  man's wrist, not knowing if he actually knew how to use it, and then  they tossed him inside after unlocking the cuffs, leaving him on his  own.
"What about Jack?" Toshiko pressed, as they headed back up to the main Hub.
"It's  obvious now that Jack didn't come back with you," Ianto answered,  slipping the vortex manipulator into his pocket, hoping he could give it  back to Jack soon.
Her hand flew up to her mouth. "Oh God, I left him back in 1941!"
Ianto  nodded. "It wasn't your fault, Tosh." He hated the idea of his lover  having to live through that time again, but wouldn't Jack have shown up  already if he'd had to take the slow path from the past? "That dance  hall was the last place he was seen," he said. "I think that's the first  place we need to look." He looked at his teammates. "Tosh, I want you  to go through the mainframe, and find out exactly how the intruder  managed to program in all those false Rift readings. Get rid of every  trace of him in the system."
"Done," she answered fiercely. If there was one thing Toshiko hated most of all, it was being fooled by her own tech.
"Owen," he turned to the medic. "I want you to search Jack's office for anything that shouldn't be there – "
"Like handcuffs?" Owen snarked.
Ianto  rolled his eyes. "You know what I mean. I also want you to see if you  can figure out what he was doing on Jack's computer. I know you're not  as savvy at it as Tosh and I are…"
"Yeah, but even I know how to pull up the history."
"Right. And I'm going to call in a little back-up."
"Detective Swanson?" Toshiko guessed.
The  dragon nodded. "Exactly. Off you both go." Once everything was settled  he'd let Toshiko know about Kathy's being a Dragon-Friend, but right now  they needed to take care of business first.
The two headed up, as  Ianto pulled out his mobile. He speed-dialed his friend, absently  tapping one highly polished shoe as he waited for her to answer.
"What's up, Jones?" she greeted him.
"Kathy,  I need you to forget what I asked you to do. Something has come up and  this is more important." He'd originally wanted her to investigate a  couple of leads having to do with Bilis Manger, including checking out a  shop at the mall that was ostensibly his.
"What happened?"
He explained to her about Jack actually being an imposter.
"Why look like Harkness?" she asked.
"There  are various security systems that do scans on anyone coming into the  Hub," Ianto explained. "If they haven't been approved, then alarms will  go off. Whoever this was needed to get in; who better to disguise  yourself as the one person with unlimited access?"
It bothered  Ianto that they didn't know what their prisoner had been up to. What had  been the point of generating those false Rift signatures? He knew he  didn't have every piece of the puzzle but this was one of the most  confusing. Just what did anyone gain by trying to trick them into  thinking that the world was in danger?
"You have a point," Kathy answered. "What's up then?"
"I need you to go to the dance hall first. That was the last place we know where Jack was."
"Jones…that was 1941. What makes you think there'd still be some trace of him there?"
That was just it: he didn't know. "It's the only place we can look at this point. If he'd been able to, he would have showed up at the Hub by now."
"He could be dead, Ianto," she said softly. "You need to accept that."
Ianto  cursed to himself. Of course; he hadn't told Kathy that Jack was  immortal. Certainly some of things he'd told her could have led her to  the conclusion that Jack was very long-lived, but not having been around  the odd and otherworldly for as long as he had, Kathy's imagination  wasn't bent that way, even with her once saying she'd been exposed just  because of living in Cardiff. She'd think he would have aged since being  left behind.
Well, if she was going to hang around Torchwood  more, she'd come to believe in the impossible. Even being a Named  Dragon-Friend would mean accepting a lot of weird shit.
"Kathy," he assured her, "trust me when I say that old age isn't something Jack Harkness will ever have to worry about."
"O…kay," she said. "All right, once I get to the dance hall, just how am I going to find any sort of clues that aren't 60-odd years out of date?"
That was the issue. Ianto really didn't know.
He  put his hand in his pocket, where he'd put his mate's vortex  manipulator, hoping the worn leather would give him some sort of  inspiration…only to discover it was gone.
What the…
Ianto  knew damned well he'd slipped it into his jacket pocket once they'd left  the prisoner's cell. He searched the floor, thinking maybe it had  fallen out…
But it was nowhere to be seen.
Had he really  taken it? Yes, Ianto was positive he had. He'd never have left something  that potentially dangerous in the hands of someone who could try to use  it to escape. He knew for certain that Jack had programmed many of the  Hub's security codes into it, including the ones to the cell doors. He'd  once teased Jack that it was a security breach waiting to happen, but  his lover had brushed off his concerns.
He glanced back down the  hallway toward the cell area. He knew that wasn't Jack…was it perhaps  some sort of illusion, convincing him that he was actually seeing Jack  when he wasn't? Had the vortex manipulator even existed? Damnit, he hated doubting himself like this!
But,  why hadn't their imposter taken the original? He could have used it to  gain entrance quite easily…it suddenly hit Ianto that the man hadn't  known what it was. Perhaps he'd only thought it was some sort of  affectation. If whoever it was had truly known, they wouldn't have  needed to send in a doppelganger, because the strap could have  overridden almost every security protocol in the place.
Ianto was brought out of his thoughts by Kathy's concerned voice. "Jones, you still there?"
"Yeah," he answered, inspiration striking him. "I have an idea. Are you in your car?"
"No," she answered. "I'd just gotten out at the mall when you called."
"Then  I need you to do something for me. Do you have the scanner I gave you?"  He'd lent her one of Torchwood's portable Rift locators, thinking she  would need it to take readings at both the shop they'd discovered that  Bilis had owned, and at the Ritz dance hall itself.
"Yeah." There was a muffled sound, and Ianto guessed she was getting the scanner out from wherever she'd put it.
"Okay,  I'm going to talk you through reprogramming it to search for a  particular energy signature." If that was a fake vortex manipulator,  perhaps Jack still had his…it was a long shot, but one he was willing to  take to get his mate back.
"Hell, Jones, you sure have a lot of faith in my abilities!"
"Yes, Kathy…I do. Now, put your phone on speaker and we'll start…"
It  didn't take long to reprogram the scanner. Kathy did it, only asking a  couple of questions – one of them insightful, the other showing that she  was more than a bit nervous about the whole situation – and it was no  time at all before it was done. Even as he was talking her through it, a  sense of hope grew within the dragon, and the more convinced he became  that Jack still had to be at the dance hall somewhere. If he was out and  wandering about, surely he would have tried to warn them? Yes, Ianto  understood all about timelines, but it was now past the point when  Toshiko and the imposter had been returned. If Jack were free, he would  have come back to the Hub, knowing the coast had to be clear.
No.  Somehow Jack had been detained within the Ritz dance hall. The more he  considered it, the more certain he was. He just didn't know what  condition Jack was in, if Kathy did find him there.
"All right," Kathy sighed. "I  think I got it. I'll head out to the dance hall and see what I can  find. You do realize you're chasing a fairly nebulous bone here, right?"
"I  do, yes. But it's worth a chance. Be careful, all right?" He was  beginning to wonder if he shouldn't have called Gwen in on this as  back-up. Sending Kathy into that place alone seemed the height of  stupidity…
But, at the same time, Kathy Swanson was the only one  he was certain of that hadn't been manipulated in some way. Gods, he  himself had just been convinced that he'd taken a non-existent wrist  strap from their interloper!
"I'll be fine," she assured him. "I  also have the gun you gave me. I'm not going to ask how you knew I'd  had gun training, since I don't actually carry on the job…"
Ianto  smirked, even though she wouldn't have been able to see it. "Because I  thoroughly vetted you years ago, Detective. I know all about your father  and his love of guns." It was why he'd trusted her with one of the  Torchwood-issue service weapons, knowing that she could tell which one  was the end most likely to go off if she needed to use it.
"That's just plain creepy, Jones," she snorted. "Gotta go, I'll call if I find something."
"Thank you for doing this, Kathy," he said sincerely.
"Are you kidding? I love getting Torchwood out of trouble. It increases my own rep like you wouldn't believe!"
She  hung up, and Ianto flipped his own phone closed, putting it in his  pocket. He found himself praying to any and every God, Goddess, and to  the Great Dragons themselves that Jack would be all right, and that  Kathy would be able to save him.
He was so distracted by his own thoughts that he didn't notice the shadows in the hall moving.
Ianto  was suddenly grabbed, and before he could even react something was  pushed up against his armpit, and pain tore through him like a cyclone.  His heartbeat juddered horribly, and his limbs followed along, dancing  and twisting helplessly.
Darkness descended.
 
 


22 January 2008


 
Darkness.
There was nothing but darkness.
He couldn't remember when there wasn't darkness, but then it was better than pain.
But,  suddenly there was the oh-so familiar feeling of ground glass scraping  against every inch of him, and the light returned, accompanied by that  first large gulp of air.
This time though, that gasp didn't drown out the very loud curse, practically shrieked by a female voice that was very familiar.
Jack's  eyes flew open, and he coughed roughly, feeling as if his entire throat  had been coated in dust. He rolled over and spat, trying to clear the  dryness away, and carefully levered himself up.
He found himself  in a dark, rubble-strewn space, the mustiness of years hanging heavy in  the air. From what he could tell, it was some sort of cellar…or an  abandoned air-raid shelter, since the last thing he remembered was being  tossed back in time with –
"Toshiko!" he tried to shout, but all that came out was a harsh croak.
"She's fine," the feminine voice answered. "Jesus Christ, Harkness, you really know how to freak a person out!"
Jack  blinked in the direction of the voice. His eyes widened in surprise as  he took in Detective Inspector Kathy Swanson, kneeling not too far away,  her face pale in shock. "What the hell are you doing here?" he asked,  confusion making it come out a bit harsher than he'd intended.
"Jones  sent me," she answered, brushing her dark coat down and standing. "Only  he didn't see fit to warn me that you'd pop back up like some sort of  weird jack-in-the-box!"
"He sent you back in time?" Jack frowned. Why would Ianto do that, especially with a civilian? That didn't make any sense.
"Hell, no," she answered. "It's 2008, not 1941."
Jack  stilled, staring at her. "What?" The very last thing he remembered was  being asked into the manager's office, and then…pain. He rubbed his  chest where the pain had been, and his hand came away with flaky, old  blood. Confusion floated among the very hazy recollections he had of his  time in the past. "What the hell happened?"
"Let's get the hell  out of here," Swanson urged, taking him by the arm and urging him toward  the shadowed opening where the entrance to the underground room.
Jack  let her lead, trying to dredge up the memories of how he'd gotten where  he was. He could recall following the real Jack Harkness somewhere…them  meeting that manager, Bilis Manger…the captain shook his head, rubbing  his chest once more. Had he been stabbed?
Weak light flooded  Jack's eyes, and he blinked to clear his vision as he and his escort  made their way up unto the dance hall proper. It was as he remembered  from when he and Toshiko had first arrived: run down, dusty, smelling of  must and decay. Dust moats rose in the air as they moved on, and it was  preternaturally silent, as if they were walking through another world.  Jack shivered, suddenly spooked and wanting to get out of the building  as soon as they could.
Swanson led him outside, and to a sedan  that had 'unmarked police car' written all over it. He stopped, and she  stopped with him, just as they reached the vehicle. "What's going on?"  he demanded, pulling the fragments of his captain persona around himself  as best he could, not really wanting her to see how upset he was. "And  why did Ianto send you, and not someone from Torchwood?"
The  detective nodded. She glanced up, then down, the street, as if trying to  suss out the territory. "All right," Swanson said. "Maybe if you knew  why Jones trusted me to come looking for you, you'll accept the rest of  the story."
With those words, she shrugged the left sleeve of her  coat off, followed by the jacket underneath. She pulled up the cuff of  her shirt…to reveal a small tattoo of a flaming dragon.
To say he  was shocked was an understatement. Kathy Swanson…a Dragon-Friend? When  had that happened? Had Ianto known, and not told him? No, his mate would  have said something before the big reveal. A part of Jack was glad that  Ianto had a friend outside the Hub he could trust; but there was  another part who would always be a bit jealous of their closeness, which  was irrational considering that Ianto was fully committed to him, and  no one else.
"So," he said, as she put herself back together, "when did this happen?"
"Only  about a week ago," Swanson answered. "Finding out one of my closest  friends is actually a dragon was not what I was expecting, let me tell  you."
Jack nodded. "Okay, I can see why Ianto trusted you."
Swanson opened the drivers' side door. "Let's get in the car where it's warm, and I can tell you what's been going on."
Jack  climbed in after her, watched as she wriggled around, pulling out a  Torchwood-issue weapon and a Rift activity locator out of her pockets  and setting them on the dash. Seeing both of those really brought it  home that Ianto had truly trusted Swanson on this mission, and he  wondered why it hadn't been any of the others…or Ianto himself.
His  memories were still vague, and once again he rubbed his chest. His  shirt was a mess, and Jack knew he must have died at some point. His  Webley was missing, which bothered him; but at least he still had his  vortex manipulator.
Swanson turned in her seat, and began. As the  story progressed, Jack became more and more disturbed by it. All of this  had been going on, right under his nose! Owen had been manipulated into  thinking Diane had been taken by the Rift; Toshiko so that she actually  withheld an important warning; and Ianto…this was a disaster.
And the story got worse.
By  the time Swanson had gotten up through her breakfast with Ianto that  morning, Jack's jaw was clenching so hard he vaguely wondered if he'd  need to regrow his teeth. He wanted to find whoever had impersonated him  and kill them, slowly and in creative ways. That they'd hurt Ianto in  the process…had broken his heart while the dragon had thought it was  Jack doing it… And Jack didn't even want to consider the real Jack  Harkness, and what he'd gone through. The man had been a hero on paper,  and Jack had taken his name because it had suited his purposes. To know  that he, even peripherally, had been involved in the man's downfall…
More guilt for him to deal with.
"When did Ianto know that wasn't me?" Jack asked, in a moment when Swanson had taken a breath.
"He  called me just as I was following up a lead at the mall," she  explained. "Somehow they'd figured out that Manger had a shop there, and  Jones gave me that thing – " she pointed at the portable Rift detector  "– and showed me how to use it. He also gave me the gun, cause  apparently he knows more about me than I thought."
"That's Ianto," Jack said proudly. His mate was quite good at digging up things about other people.
"Yeah,  I should know better than to underestimate him," she agreed. "But he  told me that they'd worked out that whoever was back at your base wasn't  you, and he told me to come here to look for you, since this was where  you'd last been seen, even though it was 60 years ago." She rolled her  eyes. "I really didn't expect to find you."
Jack picked up the  scanner, reading what Ianto had asked Swanson to scan for. Once more he  felt proud of the dragon, choosing to look for his vortex manipulator.  He was just glad that whoever had taken his place hadn't taken it as  well as his Webley. It would have been a mess otherwise.
He  recalled every conversation he'd had with Ianto over Jack's insistence  at storing all of the Hub codes in his wrist strap. The dragon could  have been right, about someone getting their hands on it and using it to  gain access to the Hub, but at least this time it hadn't happened. He'd  have to apologize for arguing about it later.
"We need to get back to the Hub," he said, reaching around and pulling on his seatbelt.
"Wait!"  she exclaimed. "I found you, and you were dead with a spike in your  chest. It looked like you hadn't been dead long, so I pulled it out, but  you were dead! How did you come back?"
Jack barely stifled a  sigh. "Let's just say death doesn't like me very much, all right? I'm  not sure how it works." So that was what had happened. Bilis must have  killed him, and then used a spike through his heart to make sure that  organ couldn't regenerate. Without a way to repair itself around a  spike, even if he had revived it wouldn't have been for long.
He'd been dead since 1941. Somehow, it hadn't felt that long, and yet it had seemed like forever.
Of course, it made him wonder just how the man had known he was immortal.
It  was one of the many questions he intended to ask, once they caught up  with him. Or maybe Jack could take his frustrations out on whoever the  imposter in the Hub was.
"Why did you take the spike out?" he asked curiously, as Swanson started the car.
A  faint blush colored her skin. "It's no secret how he feels about you,  Harkness," she answered. "I didn't want him to see you like that."
Jack reached over and rested his hand on hers. "Thanks," he said sincerely.
"Yeah, well…spare me the gushing, okay? Let's get you back to your base and find out what the hell's going on."
That sounded like the best idea Jack had heard in over 60 years.
 
 
He  had Swanson pull into the garage and park next to the SUV. At first,  Jack had considered not showing her the Hub, but she'd earned it after  coming to his rescue. Plus, being a Dragon-Friend, gave her a few extra  privileges in Jack's book than most visitors got.
After gathering  up the gun and the scanner, Jack led Swanson through the garage  entrance, and down the corridor toward the main Hub. Swanson walked  beside him, and he could tell she was trying very hard not to stare.  Jack failed to hide the smirk from his face, and she ended up punching  him in the arm.
It actually hurt, but Jack flatly refused to rub the area.
Myfanwy's  cry met them as they entered the work area. Swanson muttered something  about 'how the sightings were true' and Jack laughed.
"Jack!"
Before  he knew it, Toshiko was hugging him. How she'd gotten from her work  station to where Jack and Swanson were so quickly he'd never know.
He  hugged her back, glad that she was all right. Owen joined them,  clapping Jack on the back a little rougher than was strictly necessary.  Jack was glad that his team was safe, and that it seemed as if they'd  weathered the storm that had been brought upon them.
"Where's Ianto?" he asked, needing to see his mate.
"In your office," Owen answered. "Your imposter was messing around in there, and he's checking your computer out."
Jack turned to look toward his office…
His eyes narrowed.
He pulled the gun he'd put in his pocket, and ran toward the office.
To the imposter sitting in his chair.
"Jack!" Toshiko shouted, and he knew they were following him.
Bilis  Manger – it was him at Jack's desk – must have noticed something was  going on, because he suddenly stood, as Jack charged into the office.
"What the fuck are you doing?" Owen demanded.
"That's  not Ianto," Jack snarled, aiming the weapon straight at the man who'd  killed him back in 1941. He didn't know why his team was seeing Ianto,  but there was no way the bastard was going to fool him.
Manger smiled, a strange, twisted thing, his dark eyes narrowed. "Welcome back, Captain," he practically purred.
Jack didn't answer. He pulled the trigger.
Manger  was knocked backward as the bullet struck him high in the chest, blood  blossoming against his brocade jacket. The man hit the floor hard, and  Jack was around the desk in moments, the Torchwood-issue automatic  pointing directly at their intruder.
He heard Toshiko gasp and  Owen swear, and Jack realized they could now see the man they'd thought  was Ianto. He ignored his team for the moment, keeping his attention on  Manger, who was holding his shoulder and grimacing in pain. "Where's  Ianto?" he growled, racking the slide with a bit more violence than was  entire necessary, but he was worried about his mate.
Manger simply smiled.
Then he was gone, the spot on the floor he'd been occupying suddenly empty.
Jack swore loudly and vociferously. "We need to find Ianto," he ordered.
"I'm running scans now," Toshiko shouted, leaving the office.
"That  was our fucking intruder," Owen snapped, kicking the side of Jack's  desk in frustration. "How the fuck did he look like you or Ianto?  Shape-changer?"
"I don't much care," Jack answered, dumping the gun back into his greatcoat pocket. "We need to know what he was up to."
"He  reprogrammed all the sensors to show a Rift rupture," Owen answered.  "Tosh was working on tracking all the hacking when you walked it. I  thought Ianto was doing the same up here…Damnit!"
A Rift rupture? Why did he want to do that…?
And then something occurred to him.
Jack  turned back to Swanson, who'd been watching from the doorway. She  looked worried, and he could understand why. Jack himself was terrified  that something had happened to his mate, and it would only be when he  saw Ianto once more that he'd feel better.
"Detective," he said, "Ianto told you about the Rift Manipulator key."
She nodded. "Jones said that only you and him knew about it."
Jack nodded. That was true; they'd discovered it missing after Torchwood One had been tossed out on their collective asses.
"Owen," he went on, "do you know where the key is?"
The medic shook his head. "Ianto hid it after Tosh showed it to him. He didn't tell us where it was."
"That  key is the only way to open the Rift halfway safely," Jack said.  "Frankly, I didn't mind One having it at all; I didn't want the  temptation in the Hub. But, if Manger was faking the Rift tearing itself  open…Owen, he convinced you that Diane had been taken by the Rift, most  likely to get you to open it for him, if he couldn't get into the Hub  proper."
"You're saying that bastard wants you all to open this Rift," Swanson said.
"I am."
"Excuse me," Owen said, "but what is she doing here?"
"Because I trust her," Jack answered, leaving the office. "Tell me you found him, Toshiko!" he called down to her.
Toshiko  nodded. "There's a heat source down in the corridor off the cells." She  looked up, worry in her eyes. "It has to be him, but he's not warm  enough…"
Jack cursed, and Owen echoed him. "Getting my kit," the doctor said, splitting off and heading toward the autopsy bay.
Jack  didn't wait. He tore off down toward the cells, and he knew that  Swanson followed him. He was so afraid, it leant speed to his feet as he  raced toward his lover, not knowing what he'd find. Manger had to have  incapacitated him in some way, and the words 'not warm enough' gave his  imagination all sorts of horrific pictures and he shoved them out of his  brain, concentrating on getting to his mate as quickly as possible.
Skidding  around a corner, Jack's heart crashed into his stomach as he found the  motionless body of his mate crumpled onto the cold flood.
 
 


22 January 2008


 
Torn  between going to find her best friend and making certain the Hub was  secure, Toshiko watched as both Jack and Kathy Swanson tore down toward  the cells, while Owen dashed into the autopsy bay, going after his  medical kit, coming back out almost immediately and following the  others.
When Jack had appeared in the Hub with Swanson, it had  been a surprise. Toshiko had never been happier to see anyone, and she  was looking forward to finding out just what had happened to Jack in  1941, and what had managed to keep him away from the Hub.
The ugly surprise had been when Jack had accused Ianto of not actually being Ianto.
Toshiko  had no idea how Jack had known. It had taken her a short while to  figure out how Ianto had realized the Jack before had been an imposter;  when she had, she'd wondered how he hadn't known immediately. She'd even  asked the false Ianto about it, and he'd simply shrugged it off…and  she'd been fine with the lack of answer.
She hated doubting herself.
And  when, Ianto had suddenly become the man she'd known as Bilis Manger,  much of what was going on had snapped into place in her mind, and she'd  figured out that it had been him all along, manipulating them all into  doing whatever it was that he'd wanted.
Although, they still didn't know what that was, only that it must have to do with the Rift.
Making  her decision, Toshiko went back to her workstation, and was greeted by a  flashing warning: 'TEMPORAL ENERGY SIGNATURE DETECTED'. Frowning, she  tracked down the source…and found it had been in Jack's office.
Another piece went into place: Bilis Manger himself was the time traveler.
Well, there were ways to make sure he didn't get away with finding his way back into the Hub undetected.
Toshiko  quickly fed the energy signature into the scanners, making certain that  the intruder alarm went off if it reappeared. She wasn't even aware of  the small smile of victory that crossed her face as she made sure that  Bilis Manger could not get back in without anyone knowing about it.
She locked her computer down, and went to check on her friend.
Owen  was kneeling on the floor of the corridor, examining a very pale Ianto  who lay in a crumpled heap, body twisted uncomfortably. She gasped; she  couldn't help it. Toshiko wasn't used to seeing him like that; she was  so used to the strong, practically indestructible dragon, and she could  feel tears in her eyes that she hastily brushed away.
Jack was  next to the fallen dragon, one of Ianto's hands in his. Kathy was  hovering, and she was chewing on a fingernail as she watched Owen  checking pulse and respiration. He didn't look happy at what he was  finding. "Help me open his shirt," the medic commanded, and Jack obeyed  without question, hastily unbuttoning the dark blue shirt – wrestling  with the leather shoulder holster – and revealing the pale human skin  underneath.
Toshiko couldn't help but gasp at the red mark that extended from under Ianto's arm and across his chest.
Owen  checked it over carefully, cursing at the extent of what looked like a  bad burn. "That bastard used a stun gun on him," he reported angrily.
"But that's…" Toshiko broke off, glancing at Swanson and not wanting to say too much in her presence.
Jack didn't look up. "Show them, Kathy," he requested.
"I'm  starting to feel like a bloody stripper," the detective sighed. She  slipped out of her coat, and then her jacket, rolling up her sleeve to  expose her wrist.
No wonder Jack had let her into the Hub.
Toshiko nodded, acknowledging the tattoo. They'd talk later, but at that moment Ianto was the most important.
"That's one of the areas that you can hit to kill him," she finished, knowing she could trust the other woman now.
"No  shit," Owen commented. "Manger must have done his homework to know that  particular fact. And I'd have to say it was set on its highest  setting."
"Can you help him?" Jack asked, his eyes haunted. He ran a hand down Ianto's too-pale face.
"Hitting  that spot isn't a guarantee you're gonna kill him, and our standard  issue stun guns aren't powerful enough. I doubt even a lightning bolt  getting just the right place is gonna do that. Ianto's gonna be one  pissed off dragon when he wakes up, but he'll be fine enough to make the  coffee in the morning. He's just not gonna be moving too fast when he  does it."
Jack looked relieved, and Toshiko felt the same thing. It just wasn't right, seeing Ianto like that.
"Let's get him off this cold floor," Jack said. "Help me lift him."
Owen snorted. "He's so gonna owe me for lugging his heavy arse self around…"
Yes, Ianto was going to be fine if Owen was joking about lifting him.
Between  them both, Jack and Owen got Ianto carried into the autopsy bay.  Toshiko went ahead, gathering up some blankets in order to make the  metal table a bit more comfortable for her friend. By the time they were  laying him down carefully, the autopsy table had been covered by an old  quilt, and she was ready with another one to cover him with. His skin  was a bit cold to the touch, and she asked Owen about it as he was  pulling out his equipment in order to treat the burn mark left from the  attack.
"It was still a shock to his system, to get stunned like  that," the medic answered. "Enough to put him down for the count. When  the body goes into shock, its temperature can drop a bit, as blood  rushes toward the affected areas. That's why Dragon Boy is cold. He'll  be all warmed up once he recovers. Or else Harkness can warm him up  himself."
Jack leered; the expression had a lot more life in it  than his face had had, back in the corridor. "Anything I can do to aid  in the recovery of a team member." He took his place once more at  Ianto's side, keeping as much out of Owen's way as possible.
"Medicinal purposes only, Harkness," Owen answered back.
Kathy was opening her mouth to say something, when the sudden shrill of the internal alarms interrupted her.
Toshiko's  heart raced, and she couldn't help the grin on her face. She spun and  headed up the steps to the main area, knowing that her teammates would  be following her. She really wanted a chance at Manger, for putting her  friends and teammates through everything he had. To her, it didn't  matter what his motivation was; he'd tried to kill her best friend, he'd  somehow trapped Jack in the past, and had convinced Owen that the woman  he loved had been taken by the Rift. There was no excuse for the  manipulation he'd done.
The main Hub was empty.
Toshiko was quite disappointed.
"What the hell was that?" Owen shouted from the autopsy bay steps.
She  sighed, turning the alarm off. "I set an alert using the temporal  signature Manger used to vanish from Jack's office. That was him, trying  to get back in."
"Well done, Toshiko," Jack praised. He was  holding the gun that he'd used to shoot Manger, and was searching the  Hub for any trace. Toshiko knew he wanted to get a second chance at the  man himself, for what he'd done.
Suddenly, the alarm went off again.
Only,  this time she felt someone grab her from behind, and pull her roughly  toward the Rift Manipulator. Cold metal pressed against her side.
"Drop your weapon, Captain," a voice purred past her ear.
Toshiko hated being taken hostage.
The least he could have done was let her turn off the alarm.
Jack  was lowering his gun, although he wasn't getting rid of it. Toshiko  looked at him and rolled her eyes, and one side of his mouth turned up  before he must have remembered he needed to be serious. Jack was well  aware that she could take care of herself; Manger was injured, she could  tell by the dampness seeping into her blouse from the back. It would be  fairly simple to duck out of his grasp by exploiting that bullet wound,  but let him think she was helpless. As much as she wanted to hurt him  for hurting Ianto, she knew Jack would want to get as much information  out of him as he could. Then, Toshiko could act.
"Just tell us  what you want," Jack said, in the tone he always adopted for  negotiations…well, it was actually him wanting to get some answers by  playing into the bad guys' obvious need for gloating and ranting,  disguised as a negotiation tactic.
"I want the Rift Manipulator key," Manger demanded. "I know our Ms Sato took it from my office, and I want to know where it is."
"You  incapacitated the only person who knew where it was," Owen broke in.  This was the medic's usual attempt at belittling the bad guy and trying  to get them all killed. "Dragon Boy hid it, and he didn't bother to tell  anyone else.
Toshiko felt Manger's grip tighten on her. "You're lying," he accused.
"Why would I lie about it?" Owen snorted.
"Why do you want to open the Rift?" Kathy asked.
It  was a very logical question, and she could see Jack spear a look in her  direction, as if she'd somehow stomped all over his favorite rose  garden.
"I wish to release my Master," he answered, and Toshiko  didn't like the tone of complete worship in the voice. "The son of the  Great Beast, cast out of time, chained in rock and imprisoned below the  Rift."
"Now that didn't sound half crazy," Owen said sarcastically.
"Who are you talking about?" Jack asked, confused. "There's nothing beneath the Rift."
"There is!" Manger insisted. "Abaddon, the Great Devourer, who will feast on all life once he is freed from his prison."
"We can't let you open the Rift," Jack said. "It could destroy the world."
"What do I care of the world, when my Master will be free?"
Toshiko  knew that Jack wanted to get answers for what had happened, but she was  beginning to wish he'd shoot Manger and get it over with.
Then she saw movement by the autopsy bay, and she tensed, waiting for the right moment…
She got it.
Toshiko  moved, pushing back against her captor's chest, making certain she hit  the wound that Jack's earlier gunshot had caused. Manger released his  grasp on her as he gasped in agony, and she ducked away, rolling across  the hard metal grill of the floor, not caring about any bruises she  might get from it.
A shot rang out, and a bit of blood hit her cheek as she turned to look back.
A perfect hole had formed in Bilis Manger's head.
There was such a look of shock on the man's face as he fell backward, colliding with the Rift Manipulator on the way down.
"That was for fucking with my family," a rough, Welsh-accented voice echoed in the silence after the shot.
Toshiko  stood up, grinning as she made eye contact with Ianto. He stood on the  steps of the autopsy bay, gun held in a steady hand, the barrel still  pointing toward where Manger had been standing. His face was still far  too pale, his eyes were in their dragon aspect, and his shirt was open  and revealing the ugly mark of the stun gun on his chest. But he looked  absolutely wonderful, and it was all Toshiko could do not to run up and  hug him. She didn't think he would be able to handle the pressure on his  injury.
Then his arm lowered, and she saw him flip the safety  just before the gun clattered to the floor. "I'd appreciate some help,"  he requested, sounding suddenly weak. He swayed, his hip bumping against  the steps' railing.
Jack shook off his apparent surprise, moving  to Ianto's side. He looped an arm around the dragon's waist. "Even in  shock you have the second-best eye in the place," he joked, grinning.
Ianto raised an eyebrow, but even that usually normal movement looked tired. "Second-best? Who would be the first then?"
"That would be me," Owen bragged, moving to Ianto's other side. "Let's get you looked at, then Harkness can take you home."
Ianto  nodded wearily, although the look he gave Owen spoke volumes as to what  he thought about the medic's claim. He glanced at Toshiko, his eyes  checking her over for any injuries. "I'm fine," she answered. "Although I  think it's someone else's turn to act as hostage next time."
"I'll be glad to take the next turn," the dragon offered. "But not until I feel better, all right?"
"Is this what passes for a normal day for Torchwood?" Kathy asked sarcastically.
"Hell no," Jack answered happily. "This is a relatively quiet day. You interested in a place on the team, Detective?"
"You're kidding, right?" she scoffed. "I think I'll stick with being a plain, simple copper."
"There's nothing plain about you, Kathy," Ianto said. Gratitude gave a bit of color to his face.
"C'mon,  Dragon Boy," Owen ordered, "down and back on the table. You're not  going anywhere until I'm satisfied you're not gonna keel over."
Jack  and Owen helped Ianto back down the steps, and Toshiko went with them.  Kathy stood for a second, her eyes narrowed. "Oi!" she shouted. "You  didn't argue with me about being simple!"
Ianto's laughter floated through the Hub.
Toshiko smiled. Everything was going to be fine.
 
 


22 January 2008


 
Jack  stayed with Ianto until he was asleep. He tucked the old quilt around  the slumbering dragon, caressing a pale cheek before heading out of the  autopsy bay, glad that Ianto's human skin was getting back to its much  warmer state. After he saw to the rest of the team, he would take Ianto  home where he could transform back into his dragon shape, and all Jack  wanted to do was to curl up next to him and sleep.
He could have lost them all. That thought followed him as he headed up toward the main Hub. He could have lost Ianto.  But he hadn't, and his team had acted as best they could under the  circumstances they'd found themselves in, just because a madman had  wanted to destroy the world.
Just another day for Torchwood.
Manger's  body had been removed, and someone had cleaned up the blood and brain  that had been splattered all over the Rift Manipulator. One man had  caused all the grief they'd been through; it was almost mind-boggling  what a person would do for something they believed in. But of course,  his own people were the same, in that they would do whatever it took to  keep this planet safe, because it was what they believed in.
Jack believed in them just as strongly.
Toshiko,  Owen, and Kathy were gathered around the technician's station, talking  quietly. Toshiko looked up and must have seen Jack approach; she nodded,  and it drew the attention of the other two to Jack. He returned the nod  and joined them, standing next to Owen and putting his hand on the  medic's shoulder. "Good to have you back," he said sincerely.
Owen nodded, looking contrite. "Yeah, I'm sorry about everything I said to you – "
"No apologies needed. It wasn't you."
"But still, I feel bad about it. I should have said something, instead of just blaming you for something you didn't do."
Jack  squeezed his shoulder in comfort. Manger had gotten under all of their  skins. There really hadn't been anything anyone could have done about  it.
"I want you both to take tomorrow off," he said. "We've all  been through hell the last couple of days, and we deserve the time. I  don't want to see either of you within miles of this place tomorrow,  unless the world is ending."
"You don't have to tell me twice,"  Owen said, "but if Dragon Boy complains of shortness of breath, his  heart starts fluttering, or he develops a fever or chills, I want you to  call me, Jack."
"I will, don't worry." He was planning on driving his mate home and taking care of him.
Toshiko moved forward and hugged him. "Thank God you're all right," she whispered.
Jack returned it. "I'm always all right."
She  pulled back just enough to look him in the eye. "No, Jack…you aren't.  You might come back from the dead, but that doesn't mean you're all  right. Let Ianto look after you too, okay?"
He was touched by her words. "I will, gorgeous. Thanks for everything." He kissed her forehead.
Then  he turned to Kathy Swanson. Jack wanted to hug her as well, but thought  he knew her well enough that the gesture wouldn't be appreciated.  "Thank you, detective," he said. "You helped my team and most likely  helped stop the end of the world."
Kathy huffed. "Well, I'd say it  was all in a days' work, but I've never actually saved the world  before. I don't know how you all do it day in, day out."
"It's what we do," Toshiko answered, shrugging. "Someone has to."
"Are  you sure you wouldn't want a place on my team?" Jack asked. "You'd be  very welcome." He hoped she'd say yes. It occurred to Jack that he'd  hired the wrong copper, and that Kathy would be an incredible asset to  Torchwood.
"No, sorry," she replied. "I'm fine with helping you  out when you need it, but you lot are just too weird to hang out with  every day. And really, I'm not too sure about some of your practices.  Besides, you might need a friendly face on the force."
Jack  nodded, disappointed. "Fair enough." He held out a hand to her. "Thanks  again, Detective. I'm sure we'll be seeing each other again, especially  with you being a Dragon-Friend."
Surprisingly, Kathy did embrace  him then. "You hurt him," she whispered in his ear, "and I'll find a way  to make you stay dead. Got it?"
Jack couldn't help but grin. "Got  it," he answered, hugging her back. He felt lucky that Ianto had such  good friends as her, although he also felt that small twinge of jealousy  that he always did around her.
Kathy stepped back, as if  embarrassed by the show of emotion. "We might not always see eye-to-eye,  Harkness," she said, "but I can't help but feel like you really got a  raw deal with this not dying thing. It must be a bitch."
"It is."  He was very grateful for her words. Kathy seemed to grasp that his  apparent immortality was a curse, unlike some. "But at least I have  someone to share the centuries with now."
"Better get off," the  detective said. "I'm sure the DCI is wondering what the hell I'm up to."  She turned to Toshiko. "I'll call you, yeah?"
"You better," Toshiko said in a mock-growl. "I think this could be the start of a great friendship."
Kathy  grinned. "Yeah. We even have something in common. Besides, I wanna know  all about this Dragon-Friend lark. I don't think the Fire Dragon gave  me all the details, to be honest."
"Better you two than me," Owen  sniffed. "There's just something screwy about metaphysical dragons  dropping by for unexpected visits. Our Dragon Boy is enough for me."
In perfect harmony both Toshiko and Kathy rolled their eyes. Ianto would have been proud.
"On that note," Kathy said, "I'm outta here. I'd like to say it's been fun, but dealing with my DCI is a lot less stressful."
"If  you'll wait a second," Toshiko said, "I'll walk out with you." She  gathered her things and the two Dragon-Friends exited together.
"C'mon," Owen said, "let's get Ianto out to his car so you can get him home."
That was the best idea Jack had heard yet.
 
 
Jack  supported Ianto as they entered the house, his arm around the dragon's  human waist and holding him as close as possible. He was warmer, and  more responsive, but Jack didn't want to let go.
He never thought  of himself as particularly needy, but tonight it was coming out in him  full stop. For perhaps the very first time, he was facing the very real  idea that he could have lost his team…and his mate. He'd fallen into  Manger's trap back in the past, and while he couldn't really remember  what had happened, Jack felt it was somehow his fault. That he'd been  weak in some way, and had endangered the team because of it. As for the  real Captain Harkness…Jack mourned him, as he had Gray. The man had been  an innocent, drawn into events by Manger and his designs to break  himself and Ianto apart. And Jack had taken his name based on a lie.
He felt dirty, and that the filth would never wash off.
"Stop thinking so loud," Ianto chastised softly. "You're taking the blame and you shouldn't be."
Jack  maneuvered his lover through the lounge, toward the stairs. "I don't  want to think about that," he said honestly. "I just want to take care  of you tonight."
"I think we need to take care of each other," Ianto said, his own arm tightening around Jack's waist.
"Let's get you upstairs and into a bath," he answered.
"Will you join me?" the dragon asked coyly.
Jack  rolled his eyes. "For a bath only," he replied. "We're both too tired  for anything else, and I don't want Owen on my ass if something happens  to all that good work he did on your chest." He needed to clean himself  up; he felt decades of grime on his skin, and Jack was well aware that  Manger had kept his body stored in the old bomb shelter ever since his  'death' in 1941.
"Agreed," Ianto murmured. "I doubt I'm up to more tonight. I never knew a stun gun could hurt me like that."
"He  knew your weak area." That frightened Jack more than anything. Ianto  might be very long lived – for all intents and purposes, immortal – but  he wasn't like Jack, and certain things could take him away at any time.  That was the last thing Jack wanted; he needed Ianto in his life, and losing him simply wasn't an option.
"You're thinking too hard again."
Jack  started, smiling softly at the dragon in his hold. "Yeah, I know. Let's  get comfortable, okay? You have a seat, and I'll run the bath."
It  was a sign of the dragon's tiredness that he didn't argue, and in fact  took a seat on the human bed in his loft, bending over carefully to  remove his shoes one-handed, the sling that Owen had given him a  definite hindrance.
Jack left him for as long as it took for him  to go into the en-suite, and begin to fill the tub, adding some of the  lavender bath salts Ianto enjoyed. He knew that Ianto would have  preferred to change to dragon-form and clean his scales first by using  the hose in the back garden, but in his weakened condition Jack didn't  trust him not to come down with a cold in the winter weather. A regular,  human bath would have to do.
As the bath was running, he went  back out into the loft to help Ianto remove the suit he'd been wearing.  It was a testament to the dragon's frame of mind that he'd chosen to  wear all black that morning; he must have been truly hurt by the fake  Jack, and that caused an ache to settle into Jack's chest.
"I knew  it wasn't you," Ianto murmured as Jack slowly stripped the clothing  layers away. "Well, not at first…but I thought it was just because of  all the Rift energy that had saturated you as you'd traveled through  time. But this morning, when I'd arrived at the Hub…I could tell it  wasn't you. But I have to be honest…I was so hurt by what had happened  back in the past that I didn't even try to sense you. Once I did  though…Jack, I'm sorry I doubted you. I didn't want to think you'd done  something like that, or that you'd turned your back on us – "
Jack  put a finger over Ianto's lips, stopping the flow of words. "I don't  blame you for doubting. But it's over now, and I promise you this: I  will never hurt you intentionally." Jack removed his finger, replacing  it with his lips. The kiss was soft, and warm, and it held the promise  that Jack had made verbally. He didn't want Ianto to ever doubt him  again.
He eventually broke away. He reveled in the look of  happiness on Ianto's face, and the sparkle in his blue eyes. "Bath time  for you," he said, taking the dragon by the hand.
"For both of us," Ianto answered, following willingly.
Jack  turned the taps off, glad that they'd broken the kiss when they had; he  didn't want to have to clean up a minor flood if the bath had run over.
He  helped Ianto to get in, trying to not to dwell on the ugly redness and  bruising on the pale torso. It had gotten worse as time had gone on, and  Jack didn't like that his dragon had been hurt.
Once Ianto was  settled, Jack removed his own clothes and got in behind him, glad that  the bathtub was large enough to accommodate both of them. He urged Ianto  to rest against his chest, as he found the flannel and began to  carefully wash his lover, fingers lightly stroking over the injury,  trying to soothe and not hurt. Judging from the purring the dragon was  making, he was succeeding.
This felt right, having Ianto in  his arms…in his life. Before meeting the dragon, Jack had always  believed that, in the end, he would be alone. That he would live on and  on, losing everyone he'd ever loved to death, unless he could find the  Doctor and be fixed.
But now…Ianto would be with him, hopefully  for the eternity that dragons mate for. That was why he wanted this  mating so very badly; Ianto had grown so important to him, that he  couldn't see not being without him. He would do anything to make sure Ianto would be there, by his side, forever.
The  dragon relaxed completely against him, and Jack knew that if Ianto fell  asleep again in human form that it would make things worse for his  recovery. He gently roused his lover, chivvying him out of the bath and  drying him with the soft red towels that Ianto loved so well. "Go on  in," he urged. "I'll be in as soon as I get dry myself."
Ianto  followed the instructions placidly, giving away just how tired he was.  Jack could make out the golden glow of him changing into his natural  form as he toweled his body off, then after he'd pulled the plug on the  tub he padded naked into the loft. He found his lover sprawled on his  side, facing the large skylight, his wings splayed out on the carpet  instead of curled against his powerful body as he usually rested them.  The dragon was obviously trying to keep pressure off his injured chest,  and Jack had to hide his chuckles at just how boneless he looked. It was  almost like watching a large, green-scaled cat.
Kneeling beside  the large head, Jack began to stroke the dragon's snout, in the way he  knew Ianto liked. With a sigh of contentment his slitted blue eyes slid  closed, and he quietly began to sing.
Jack didn't recognize the  song, but it was sweet-sounding, the dragon-words floating about them  with an almost airless quality. He continued to run his fingers along  the fine green scales, warm and alive under his touch. The song  permeated his very soul, and Jack found himself laying down on the  pillows and cushions that made up the dragon's bed, his body pressed  against the sinuous neck, still touching his lover. He closed his eyes  and let the song take him up, to another place, where two dragons flew  together, forever.
It was the one thing he wanted more than anything, to truly mate with this wonderful dragon.
The  song faded as Ianto gave in to sleep, and Jack wrapped his arms around  his lover's neck, snuggling himself against the one being he loved more  than anything, and let sleep take him as well.



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



