



The Sixth Planet - eugyne - Voltron Legendary
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

The Sixth Planet
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/12968208.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
Voltron: Legendary Defender
Relationship:
Allura & Hunk & Keith & Lance & Pidge | Katie Holt & Shiro, Keith/Lance (Voltron)
Character:
Keith (Voltron), Shiro (Voltron), Lance (Voltron), Allura (Voltron), Hunk (Voltron), Pidge | Katie Holt, Sam Holt, Colleen Holt, Matt Holt, assorted carapace ocs, Blaytz (Voltron), Zarkon (Voltron), Haggar (Voltron)
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe - Homestuck Fusion, yes in this the year of our lord almost 2018: a homestuck crossover, its not even a fusion like tvi was its just straight up the voltron kids playing sburb, Temporary Character Death, Parallel Universes, Chatlogs, Multimedia, No Voltron, no aliens?? thats subject to change i guess tho, Illustrated, rivals to friends, now taking bets on which elements of homestuck ill include and which im ignoring lol, illustration stops at ch 50 or so bc time, Friends to Lovers, updates multiple times a week! usually
Stats:

        Published: 2017-12-09
          Completed: 2019-08-13
          Chapters: 266/266
        Words: 34766
      

The Sixth Planet
by eugyne (AreteNike)
Summary
Keith finds a weird temple in the desert, Pidge compiles the code he finds there, the code is Sburb, the rest is history.
Except, there's someone they're missing...
Notes
*imagine dragons voice* IM GOIN BACK TO MY ROOTS
yes, here i am, after a full five years.......... back to homestuck. kinda. enjoy, kiddos <3

          See the end of the work for more notes





In the beginning...
Chapter Summary
...the game is dispersed, and fate starts along its course.
Chapter Notes
ive been working on this on and off since the DAWN OF TIME so heres hoping that actually posting this shit will light a fire under my ass right? lmao dont expect frequent updates, not least because i gotta draw shit (a lot of it is written tho). am totally down to commission people to draw things for me now and then so hmu if interested. but yeah this first "chapter" doesnt have any pictures sorry.



causticTechnocrat [CT] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]
CT: done
causticTechnocrat [CT] sent file "thingy.exe"
GA: That was fast.
GA: Why are you up at 6:30 am? You didn't work on this all night, did you?
CT: why are YOU up at 6:30 am huh keith
CT: you dont know me
GA: It's 7:30 here.
CT: you dont know my life
GA: ...
CT: look it was way more compelling than this bio lab report i gotta do
GA: Do your homework, Pidge. >:(
GA: We can play later.
CT: if you say education is important i swear to god
GA: You don't want to be me. Learn from my mistakes.
CT: your life is pretty sweet though
CT: exploring mysterious desert ruins??? sign me tf up
GA: My wifi cuts out daily.
GA: Often my electricity too.
CT: okay im taking my name off the list
CT: im gonna nap and then ill do my homework i promise
GA: Good girl. :)
CT: weirdo
CT: bye :)
causticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering groundedAviator [GA]
causticTechnocrat [CT] began pestering amorousTailor [AT]
causticTechnocrat [CT] sent file "thingy.exe"
CT: game
CT: for later
causticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering amorousTailor [AT]
causticTechnocrat [CT] began pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]
causticTechnocrat [CT] sent file "thingy.exe"
CT: me and keith and lance are gonna play this later if you want in
CT: keiths probably gonna send it to shiro too
causticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]
groundedAviator [GA] began pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]
GA: Pidge finished recreating that game I told you about. 
GA: Sburb.
groundedAviator [GA] sent file "thingy.exe"
GA: When you get back in a few days, we should check it out.
groundedAviator [GA] ceased pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]
thanatoidAstronaut [TA] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]
TA: I'm back, Keith.
TA: And recovered from the trip. :P
TA: Do you still want to play that game?



> Shiro: Play
Chapter Notes
chapters are gonna be short bc art. :V

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





GA: So it looks like we have to connect as server and client.
GA: I'm running the server part right now.
TA: It automatically opened the client part for me, so I guess it knows.
TA: It's connecting now.
GA: And... done.
GA: Huh, I can see your house. I think that's your house?
TA: I can't see anything, it just says it's running. :/
GA: Oh, I found your bedroom.
GA: Wave, I want to see if it's actually you.



TA: Is it me?
GA: Yeah.
TA: That's funny, I don't see any cameras or anything.
TA: Not that that would be any less concerning.
TA: I guess we might as well keep going, though.
GA: How do you live like this, Shiro??
TA: What?
GA: Your place is so... clean.
GA: Like a hospital. Blank.
TA: Is "sterile" the word you're looking for? Haha
GA: Are these all textbooks?
GA: What do you read for fun?
GA: ...Do you?
TA: I subscribe to some magazines...
TA: They're good textbooks, though! I've learned a lot.
GA: ...
GA: What kind of textbooks?
TA: Astrophysics.
GA: Jesus, Shiro, you're worse than me.
GA: I'm gonna put a big chunky thing in your kitchen, by the way.
TA: What is it?
GA: I don't know, crux something.
GA: But it's free so you probably need it.
TA: Okay.
TA: Just make sure I can still get through.
GA: I think I can manage that.
TA: ...How big was it?
TA: I just felt the house shake.
GA: Go look.



TA: That's big.
TA: ...Also mildly concerned how the game summoned this thing out of thin air.
TA: Is there anything else?
GA: Yeah, a few things.
GA: And they all have weird names, too.
TA: Are they all this big??
GA: One of them is bigger.
GA: I think I'm gonna have to put it outside, it won't fit anywhere else.
GA: The rest are smaller.
TA: Wow. Okay.
TA: Do you know what any of this is for?
GA: Not a clue.
GA: Here, see if you can find somewhere to put this punch card.
TA: It really just... comes out of nowhere. Weird.
TA: I don't see any slots or anything on the "crux something."
GA: Try the totem lathe in the hallway.
GA: The alchemy thing is going outside.
TA: It might be easier to figure out what these things are if you use their real names, Keith.
GA: Oh.
GA: Cruxtruder
GA: Alchemiter
GA: There's a punch designix too.
GA: Everything else is locked.
TA: Okay.
TA: The cruxtruder seems to be jammed, is there anything you can do about that?
GA: I'll try.



TA: Careful with Albert! D:




TA: Keith?
groundedAviator [GA] is offline!
TA: Woops.
TA: Well, when you get back, it worked.
TA: A rod and a glowy floaty thing came out.
TA: There's some kind of timer on here, too. Looks like it'll go off in about ten minutes.
TA: I'm going to look at this stuff and see if I can't figure it out in the meantime.
thanatoidAstronaut [TA] ceased pestering groundedAviator [GA]




Chapter End Notes
theres no way refusing to actually draw shiros kitchen will come back to bite me in the ass. nope. :')


> Reconnect
Chapter Notes
small update bc i wanted to get SOMETHING out. i should note im blithely ignoring a few things (first guardians... captchalogues... strife specibus probably...) and skimming over some things in the interest of getting through this bc lemme tell you even with just pesterlogs ive got like 20k written and its nowhere near done lmao.




groundedAviator [GA] began pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]
GA: Sorry about that, I'm back.
GA: You figured out the alchemiter?
TA: Yes, but I'm not sure what to do now.
TA: It looks like it produced a little rocket ship.
GA: Cute.
TA: I'm worried about that timer, though.
GA: You've got... two minutes.
GA: Maybe you're supposed to launch the rocket?
GA: And you didn't mention the "glowy floaty thing" looked like... that.
TA: Like too many ferrets?

GA: ...Yeah.
TA: It absorbed the stuffed ferret quartet I threw at it.
GA: .........................I have a lot of questions.
TA: My dad likes to use my place as a dumping ground for his weird taxidermy projects.
TA: And the thing was pestering me.
GA: ....
GA: Oh, I see. You keep all your weird shit in one cabinet in your living room.
GA: And everywhere else looks like an especially boring catalog.
TA: There's more taxidermy in the basement.
TA: And Albert was on my dining room table!
GA: And that's any less weird?
TA: ...Anyway, this thing looks like a bottle rocket.
TA: There's a little tab that I think releases the fuel? Whatever that may be.
TA: I'm going to try it.
GA: Okay.causticTechnocrat [CT] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]
CT: im in class but hows the game
GA: More hands-on than expected.
CT: is that good?
GA: It's worrying.
GA: I think we're almost done getting Shiro situated, though.
CT: well, lemme know how it goes
GA: I will.
groundedAviator [GA] ceased pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]



> Launch
Chapter Notes
:)






TA: Huh...
GA: What?
TA: It launched, but there's something else in the sky.
GA: Like what?
TA: Can't tell yet.
TA: But I think it's coming closer.
GA: What happened to the rocket?
TA: It's coming back down, slowly.
TA: It has a parachute.
GA: :/
GA: I have a bad feeling about this.
GA: Keep an eye on the other thing?
GA: I'm gonna ask Pidge if she knows what's going on.
TA: Sure.
groundedAviator [GA] began pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]
GA: Pidge, I know you're in class, but this is important.
GA: Do you have any idea what the game's objectives are??
GA: Because it made Shiro launch a bottle rocket but nothing's happening and there's something in the sky.
GA: It's coming closer.
GA: And his timer has just under a minute left.
CT: All I know is he has to do something before the timer runs out, or he loses.
CT: If launching the rocket didn't do it, maybe giving it a safe landing will.
GA: Okay....
groundedAviator [GA] ceased pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]

GA: Pidge thinks you need to give the rocket a safe landing.
GA: Shiro?
GA: I can see you're holding your phone, please look at it.
GA: SHIRO!


GA: YOU HAVE 15 SECONDS!
GA: SHIRO!!

GA: SHIRO!!!!!!




Land of...
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






TA: sorry
TA: meteor
GA: Are you okay??
GA: Shiro???
TA: Yeah.
TA: I'm okay.
TA: Sorry.
GA: What happened?
TA: Brought up bad memories.
TA: I'm fine.
GA: ...If you say so.
GA: Your house is intact, but the area around it looks different.
TA: It does.
TA: I hope my neighbors are okay. :(
GA: I'm just glad you're alive.
TA: Thanks, Keith.
TA: I guess this is just how the game starts...
GA: Are you sure you're gonna be okay?
TA: I'm sure. I feel a lot better now, really.
TA: Thank you for your concern, Keith.
TA: I'm going to explore a little, and see if I can't get this ferret thing to make noises in a language I speak.
TA: You should worry about getting into the game, yourself.
GA: Can you connect with me in reverse?
TA: It says my server feature is locked.
TA: So, no.
TA: I'm sure there's someone else available, though. Pidge probably made sure we all got the game.
GA: Pidge is in class.
GA: The only other person online right now is Lance. :/
GA: He's not gonna take this seriously.
TA: I don't know what the deal is with that meteor, but...
TA: You may not have the time to wait for someone else.
GA: ...Shit.
TA: Lance is a good kid, Keith, he might surprise you.
GA: Maybe.
GA: I sure hope so.
TA: Good luck.
thanatoidAstronaut [TA] ceased pestering groundedAviator [GA]






Chapter End Notes
one down, four to go... ;D


> Keith: Ask Lance for help
Chapter Notes
youll notice i changed the sburb interface a bit here to better reflect their session... in true homestuck fashion, any prior pictures with the old interface have been retconned. :')if youve seen any of this au that ive posted on tumblr, too, this first pic will probably look familiar...




groundedAviator [GA] began pestering amorousTailor [AT]
GA: Lance.
GA: You play games.
AT: uhhhhhhhhh yeah, what
GA: I need your help.
AT: ......
AT: are you serious???
GA: I wouldn't ask if I wasn't serious!!!
AT: alright alright dude
AT: whaddya need
GA: I need you to install Sburb and connect with me before my house is destroyed.
AT: ...........right
GA: I'm serious!!
AT: i mean, you dont have to try so hard
AT: id play games with you for lesser reasons
AT: doesnt gotta be life or death
GA: Well, thanks, but it IS life or death.
GA: There's a meteor coming.
GA: And Shiro's already in and if I don't get in too he'll be stranded.
AT: i shoulda known
AT: its always about shiro :/
GA: Lance please hurry.
GA: I don't have time for this.
GA: I'm already picking up the meteor on radar.
AT: i literally have no idea what youre talking about but fine, whatever
AT: i installed it like three days ago bc i was gonna play with pidge
AT: but we didnt get around to it
GA: I don't care!!
GA: Just hurry!!!
AT: jesus christ mr bossy pants
AT: launching it now
AT: you owe me, though
GA: Fine, whatever.
AT: okay, connected!
AT: haha hey i can see you
GA: Yeah that happens.
AT: i can mess with your stuff??? lmao
AT: wait
AT: my god dude you live in a shack
GA: Yeah.
AT: i mean i knew you were out in the middle of nowhere but like
AT: this is genuinely a shack
AT: hey whats under this weird sheet?

GA: Can you just deploy everything, please?
GA: And quickly.
GA: My wifi/power are not very reliable.
AT: yeah yeah whatever, on it
AT: not that theres ROOM for anything
AT: the alchemiter is wider than your shack i swear
AT: definitely taller
AT: the cruxtruder is going outside too
GA: That's fine.
AT: and the totem lathe is
AT: um
AT: oops
GA: Was that my couch?

GA: I know my "shack" is small but can you try not to wreck it completely? Please?
AT: sorry!!
GA: If you're gonna toss my furniture, the table can go, just bring the couch back.
GA: I need somewhere to sleep and I'd rather it not be the table.
AT: what, the piece of plywood on a stack of cinderblocks?? that table???
GA: Yes.

AT: alrighty, done
AT: does shiro know you live like this???
GA: Not really.
AT: ok cause i was gonna say
AT: i cant imagine hed let this stand
AT: youre like... a hobo
AT: a vagrant
AT: this is pathetic
AT: not even in a lame way, like in an i-actually-feel-sorry-for-you way

AT: like, you have a job right?
AT: you cant even afford a real table?
AT: or at least like, wood and nails?
AT: give your piece of plywood legs?
AT: how often do you stub your toes on those cinderblocks i gotta know
AT: fuckin ow
groundedAviator [GA] is offline!
AT: keith??
AT: the screen went black??
AT: keith????????



> Lance: Panic
Chapter Notes
ngl i thought this segment had... a lot more illustrations than it does oops. i couldve gotten this up sooner orz... NOW WITH ADDITIONAL ART BY LITO-ART check out that gif. fantastic.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes






amorousTailor [AT] began pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]
AT: shiro
AT: what exactly did you have to do to start the game
AT: or "get in" or whatever
TA: Opened the cruxtruder, used the cruxite it gave me and the punch card with the totem lathe, brought the totem to the alchemiter, and launched the rocket that that produced and landed it before the cruxtruder's timer ran out, in short.
TA: Keith should be able to figure it out, though.
TA: Are you having trouble?
AT: um
AT: his wifi cut out
AT: or something
TA: Oh.
AT: i wanted to make sure i gave him everything he needed at least
AT: and i did put all the stuff you said in/near his house so he can probably manage on his own...?
AT: aw fuck now im really worried :(
TA: Did you help him open his cruxtruder?
TA: Mine only opened when he dropped my Einstein bust on it by accident.
AT: ...i think i saw it open
AT: i dropped a cinderblock on it
TA: That would probably do it.
TA: He's still offline.
AT: i know :(
TA: It doesn't usually take him long to get it back up and running.
TA: But he's probably prioritizing getting in the game.

AT: is it really as dangerous as he said???
TA: Yes.
AT: fuuuck
AT: and then i have to get in after??
TA: I don't know for sure.
TA: But you're already involved and I'd rather you join us, just in case.
AT: do i gotta??
AT: i mean once youre in youre in right
TA: I don't know all the details yet, and my sprite/guide isn't very helpful.
TA: But building seems to be an important part of the game, and you're the one that has access to those controls for his house.
AT: oh :/
AT: gnrgrbrgh its been like five minutes
AT: has he like, magically showed up there yet
TA: Apparently I have this whole planet to myself.
TA: He'll get his own.
AT: ...wild
AT: okay
AT: um
AT: any other useful tips n tricks?
AT: so im not just sitting here staring at a black screen??
TA: Well, I'm no longer connected to the power grid, but I still have electricity (and WiFi, obviously).
TA: So when Keith makes it in he should be online again, too.
AT: how is wifi connecting us when youre on another planet anyway
TA: How were you able to look into Keith's house without any cameras?
TA: I don't think this game follows the rules, if you catch my drift.
AT: wow
AT: kinda feeling like were in over our heads here
TA: I know what you mean.
TA: Keith does... have a house, right?
TA: He's said he does, but judging by how often he has electrical issues, I have my doubts.
TA: I didn't want to press him on it.
AT: hahaha nope im not a snitch
AT: not telling
TA: Lance...
AT: thats your guyss business and im not getting involved
AT: nope
AT: HES ONLINE
AT: BYE
amorousTailor [AT] ceased pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]
TA: Lance!
TA: At least let me know if he's all right. :(



Chapter End Notes
do you like drawing?? do you like money?? DO YOU LIKE DRAWING FOR MONEY?? im down to commission ppl to illustrate a chapter now and then so hmu :)


Land of...
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





amorousTailor [AT] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]
AT: i take back everything i said earlier
AT: holy shit
AT: are you okay
AT: where are you i cant find you
AT: you went offline and ive been freaking out
AT: keith answer me
AT: tell me youre not dead
AT: oh there you are
AT: keith?? are you okay tho??????
AT: earth to keith, come in keith
GA: I'm okay.

GA: Thank you, Lance.
AT: yeah dude
AT: anytime
AT: ...fuck its my turn isnt it
GA: Pidge should be out of class by now.
GA: Good luck.
groundedAviator [GA] ceased pestering amorousTailor [AT]
groundedAviator [GA] began pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]
GA: I'm in.
TA: Good.
TA: No problems?
GA: Other than losing power, no.
TA: Did you prototype your sprite?
GA: Did I what?
TA: Throw something at your glowy thing.
GA: Oh.
GA: Yeah, a lizard. Why?
TA: It might be important.
TA: I need to double-check that though.
GA: Okay.
GA: I'm going to explore and everything, but keep me updated.
TA: You too.
TA: I'm glad you're safe.
GA: I'm not sure this game really counts as safe.
GA: But thanks.
groundedAviator [GA] ceased pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]







Chapter End Notes
do u like my wobbly totem lathe lmao :'D
still down to commission ppl, hmu


> Shiro: Alchemize
Chapter Notes
shit lets be santathere was a time i thought id be posting this on christmas lollll

        See the end of the chapter for more notes










Chapter End Notes
youre so boring shiroyeah i know this is next to nothing but tomorrow ill post the next chapter feat our FIRST GUEST ARTIST which i am very excited about :D i also went back and updated the land pics to be a little nicer (also with color!). so theres that. :)


> Lance: Connect with Pidge
Chapter Notes
TODAYS ART COURTESY OF VIV @viraseii its great and i didnt have to do it myself :')

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




amorousTailor [AT] began pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]
AT: hey remember that game you sent me that we havent played yet
CT: ye
AT: well its time to play
AT: also, were all fucked (:
CT: goody
CT: establishing connection
AT: please dont destroy my apartment pidge
AT: im just asking in advance
CT: okay?
CT: connection established
CT: oh i get it
CT: oh my god lance
CT: how do you have so much junk
AT: listen at least ive got enough floor space for this stuff
AT: in theory

AT: have you seen keiths shack???
CT: no
AT: well its tiny
AT: the whole thing is like the size of my kitchen
AT: and as you can see i have a tiny ass kitchen
AT: can you imagine cramming the cruxtruder and totem lathe and punch designix and the fucking ALCHEMITER all into there
CT: i can imagine it and its hilarious
CT: but not especially efficient, no
AT: yeah
AT: i put most of it outside
AT: anyway can you drop the cruxtruder in like, the living room
AT: and then drop something heavy on it
AT: you can toss the couch just hurry up i gotta know how much time we have
CT: k done
CT: rip couch
AT: whatd you do with it
CT: dropped it on the cruxtruder
CT: then tossed it
CT: just like you said :)

AT: ...yeah thats on me
AT: just dont get rid of anything important
AT: like, leave my bedroom intact please
CT: yeah alright
CT: im gonna put the punch designix in front of your window though
AT: i can live with that
CT: you guys have figured this part out by now right?
AT: i mean i didnt see keith do it bc he was offline and shiro def gave me the short version but
AT: yes
CT: i am absolutely filled with confidence
AT: hey man you just gotta get me the stuff
AT: then its up to me
AT: and then its your turn to run around while someone messes with your junk
CT: okay your pickup lines are always awful but that one was especially bad lance
AT: okay one that WASNT a line
AT: and two, HEY
CT: dont deny it
CT: you know its true
AT: sssshut
CT: okay heres a punch card
CT: thats the last thing
CT: go forth and game
CT: i will be watching B)
AT: creep
AT: okaythanatoidAstronaut [TA] began pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]
TA: Hey Pidge. I assume you're Lance's server player?
CT: yup
TA: I forgot to mention to him that his sprite needs to be prototyped before he enters the game.
TA: By which I mean you or him needs to throw something at the floating orb.
TA: Keith and I both did anyway but it's better to know, I think.
TA: And it can be prototyped twice, but it seems to affect the enemies here, so it's probably better to save the second for after he's in.
CT: duly noted
CT: how do you know this stuff?
TA: The sprite functions as a game guide, if a kind of an annoying and obfuscating one.
CT: so whatd you prototype yours with
TA: Not important.
TA: Make sure Lance gets in safely, okay?
thanatoidAstronaut [TA] ceased pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]
CT: YOU CAN RUN BUT YOU CANT HIDE SHIRO



Chapter End Notes
next chap is also illustrated by viv and its gonna be RAD so stay tuned :')


Land of...
Chapter Notes
art ONCE AGAIN by @viraseii yeet




CT: how ya doin
CT: shiro says throw something at your sprite
CT: aka orb
AT: cool okay

CT: nice
CT: but seriously how ya doin
AT: as you can see, i have five minutes to fly a remote control plane through a bunch of floating rings
AT: i got this
AT: you know why they used to call me the tailor in flight school?
CT: bc you thread the needle, we know
AT: because of how i used to thread the nHEY
AT: pidge :/
CT: you say it literally all the time dude
CT: hurry up though
AT: ughhhhh


CT: lance....
AT: i can do it!
CT: slow and steady dude
AT: were in a hurry!
CT: and rushing is just fucking you over
CT: seriously, slow down
CT: be safe :(
AT: aw geez
AT: lay it on thick why dontcha
AT: fine


AT: DID IT!
CT: thank god
CT: you had about 15 seconds to spare
AT: shit
AT: fuck
AT: i wish you hadnt told me that, fuck, pidge
CT: you made it and thats whats important
AT: i guess
AT: i think i hear the ocean???

AT: oh shit it is
AT: nice
AT: not digging the smell tho, brb while i head back inside
CT: k
CT: hows keith doing
AT: back
AT: uhhh fine looks like
AT: running around in his lil dome

amorousTailor [AT] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]
AT: im in
AT: ...whatd you add to your sprite?
GA: My dad's skull.
AT: wtf
GA: Gotta go.
groundedAviator [GA] ceased pestering amorousTailor [AT]
AT: wtfffAT: yeah hes
AT: physically fine, for sure
AT: anyway go bother hunk, you gotta get in the game too
CT: shiro says you can chuck something else into your sprite, by the way
AT: yeah keiths sprite is also his dead dad now i guess
AT: come to think of it
AT: i have my grandpas ashes
AT: maybe ill toss those in and see what happens
CT: why do you have your grandfathers ashes???
AT: mom was hiding them from her brother
AT: its a very long and dramatic story
AT: get going, pidgey, you dont have all day
CT: yeah yeah, dont die out there lance
AT: same to you :3
amorousTailor [AT] ceased pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]
CT: dont make that face at me :/
CT: ass



> Keith: Alchemize
Chapter Notes
by the WAY if you havent seen, chapter 7 now has a shiny gif courtesy of lito!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes










Chapter End Notes
keith "all i need is a communication device and a backup knife" kogane
i dont know why i decided to do alchemy scenes, i have no imagination :') also im gonna go back and rename the chapters to be homestuck style because.... wtf was i thinking (i wasnt).


> Shiro: Talk to sprite
Chapter Notes
waddup yall im at game jam





SHIRO: Do I really have to go down there?
SLAVSPRITE: According to the game, yes. You won't get very far if you don't get anywhere at all!
SLAVSPRITE: Personally, though, I wouldn't.
SHIRO: Why not?
SLAVSPRITE: Who knows what's out there! It could be dangerous!
SHIRO: Don't you know what's out there?
SLAVSPRITE: Only in this reality! And I know that in 78.4% of realities there is a 98.92% chance that if you go out there unprepared you'll die! Permanently!
SHIRO: ...
SHIRO: I am prepared?
SHIRO: We just spent half an hour preparing?
SLAVSPRITE: In THIS reality, yes!
SLAVSPRITE: But in others--
SHIRO: Can we just focus on this one, please?
SHIRO: I don't even know what I'm supposed to be doing.
SHIRO: There's just a lot of nothing out there.
SLAVSPRITE: Not nothing! Just space!
SHIRO: ...What's the difference?
SLAVSPRITE: There's a very big difference, in fact!
SLAVSPRITE: ...
SHIRO: ...
SHIRO: And that is?
SLAVSPRITE: Ah! There's a 47.681% chance that if I tell you now, we'll all perish!





> Pidge: Connect with Hunk
Chapter Notes
haaaa boy im busy as shit yall soz

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




causticTechnocrat [CT] began pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]
CT: hunk
CT: its time
GG: i always knew this day would come.
GG: how many bodies, and do you have a hiding place yet?
CT: ................i didnt murder anyone
CT: but its good to know you wouldnt turn me in i guess
GG: what kind of friend would i be if i wasn't down to hide some bodies?
CT: a piss poor one obviously
GG: exactly :)
CT: okay but seriously, its that game i sent you
GG: right now? i just woke up. :(
CT: yyyyeah its kinda important
GG: if you say so!
GG: i downloaded it already.
CT: good bc we kinda have to hurry
CT: for reasons
GG: ...
CT: everyone else has gotten started already
GG: oh okay.
GG: connecting...
CT: heres what were gonna do
CT: im gonna tell you where to put things
CT: and if theres furniture in the way just move it okay
CT: no fussing about it, im not attached to my dining room table
GG: okay???
GG: i'm gonna assume that will make sense when the game starts up!
CT: yeah it will
CT: and connected
GG: ohhh.
CT: click on the phernalia registry
GG: found it.
GG: you want this stuff in your house?
GG: what about your parents?
CT: theyre out rn dont worry about it
GG: ...
CT: seriously its fine
GG: if you say so!
GG: i'm ready, lay it on me.
CT: alchemiter in the foyer
GG: check!
CT: cruxtruder in the living room
GG: check!
CT: totem lathe in the dining room
GG: check!
CT: punch card right in front of me, please

GG: check!
CT: hell yeah
CT: okay go drop something heavy on the cruxtruder
GG: on it!
GG: okay, now what?
CT: now you watch me so you know what to do when its your turn
GG: okay.
GG: 8)
CT: yeah just like that





Chapter End Notes
hunk ur not watching 8|


Land of...
Chapter Notes
land art by viv!!!



GG: hey um, Pidge?
CT: yeah?
GG: there are meteors raining down from the sky?
CT: oh
CT: yeah that can happen
CT: dont worry about it
GG: see, you can say "don't worry about it," but, like,
GG: there are meteors raining from the sky and that's kind of inherently worrying. :(
CT: well as soon as im done its your turn
CT: and once youre in you wont have to worry about meteors
GG: that doesn't really make me feel any better. :(
CT: just gimme like two minutes

CT: wow this is bullshit
CT: hey how much time is left on the cruxtruder
GG: 5:02
CT: hm :/

GG: ???
CT: its like a puzzle you have to solve to start the game
CT: shiro had a bottle rocket he had to land, lance had a little toy plane he had to fly through hoops
CT: dunno what keith had but you get the idea
GG: mmmmyeah those things seem fitting for each of them, but what does a plant have to do with you?
CT: shrug
CT: its blooming hang on



CT: im in!
GG: aww cute!! :3
CT: ignoring that
CT: i bet that was the smoothest start to this game anyones ever had
GG: we're the best team. :D
CT: damn straight
CT: now go bother shiro to get you in
CT: youre the last one
GG: oh no, i am, aren't i? D:
CT: yep
CT: good luck
causticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]
GG: wh
GG: hey!
GG: Piiiiidge :(((((



> Lance: Alchemize
Chapter Notes
its rapidly becoming clear i have no energy for alchemy sessions lol. unless yall give me suggestions, i might just skip hunks (pidges is getting circumvented by plot things anyway iirc). sorry hunk...

        See the end of the chapter for more notes







amorousTailor [AT] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]
AT: yo what kinda cool shit did you alchemize
GA: What?
AT: i mean youve gotta have murdered enough imps to have at least a little grist to spare right
AT: wait lol im your server player i can just look
AT: brb
GA: ???
AT: yeah dude you have plenty of grist
AT: so what kinda sweet loot did you make
AT: i dont see any of it :/
GA: I made... a knife?
AT: lame, but okay
AT: whats it do
GA: Cuts things, I hope.
AT: i
AT: aksjdjdl
AT: wAS THAT A JOKE HOLY SH
GA: It's a knife, Lance, I don't know what you were expecting.
AT: hold on hold on im still reeling from the discovery that you have a sense of humor
GA: Lance.
AT: ...
AT: ...
GA: LANCE.
AT: ...
AT: okay im good
AT: so what did you combine it with
AT: cause i merged a rifle with those stick on glowy plastic stars and its the coolest shit
AT: its like a laser rifle and it GLOWS IN THE DARK
GA: I don't know what you're talking about?
AT: right i forgot you live under a rock
AT: theyre just little plastic stars dude, and they glow in the dark. you stick em to your ceiling and stuff
GA: No, I know what those are.
GA: But how did you combine them with a gun to make a laser gun??
AT: with the alchemiter?
AT: did you not find the thingy in your client software that gives you punch card codes for anything you can find a picture of
GA: I did, that's how I made my knife.
AT: ...did you not try combining codes
AT: like, double-punching a card
GA: No?
AT: ...oh my god.
AT: HAHAHAHA YES
AT: I FIGURED SOMETHING OUT BEFORE YOU
AT: YESSSSSSSSSS
GA: Is... this really that big of a deal?
AT: ABSOLUTELY
AT: ITS PROOF IM BETTER THAN YOU!!!!
GA: I doubt that.
AT: CANT DISPUTE THE EVIDENCE BABY
AT: YEET
amorousTailor [AT] ceased pestering groundedAviator [GA]
GA: The fuck is "yeet"?
GA: Lance...



Chapter End Notes
and thats how they alchemize without captchalogue cards and fetch modii!!! this was clearly the plan all along. ;)


Land of...
Chapter Notes
i was snowed in today so... this was gonna be two chapters, but you get the whole thing instead :')
warning for (temporary) animal death :o



gearboxGourmet [GG] began pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]
GG: Shiro!
GG: help!!!!
TA: Hunk? Are you okay??
GG: there are meteors everywhere. D:
GG: and i guess you're supposed to get me into this game with the rest of you??
GG: please hurry!! :((((((
TA: All right!
TA: Breathe, Hunk.
TA: We can do this.
TA: You have time, I promise.
GG: are you SURE??
TA: Yes.
TA: Let me set up the connection and we can find out how much.
GG: i'm already running the game, i just got Pidge in. :o
GG: i think the cruxtruder will fit in the living room...
TA: See, you already know what to do. :)
TA: Okay, connection established. I'll start deploying everything.


TA: Your cruxtruder is open! Looks like you've still got about 15 minutes, which is plenty.
GG: Shirooooo :(
GG: you killed Mr. Wiggles. :((((
TA: Oh.
TA: Sorry!! :(
TA: You named your pet turtle Mr. Wiggles?
GG: his wiggles were his best quality. :(
TA: Why don't you prototype your sprite with him?
TA: It'll bring him back to life.
TA: Kind of.
GG: kind of.
TA: Well, you'll be able to talk to him, and I don't think that's normal for turtles.
TA: But we need to get things moving here anyway, and prototyping your sprite is a good start.
GG: okay...

TA: You know what to do, right?
TA: I assume you saw Pidge do it.
GG: yeah, but...
TA: But?
GG: but keep talking anyway? all these meteors are freaking me out. :(
TA: I can do that!
TA: Here's your punch card.
TA: The totem lathe is in the hallway. I'll grab the cruxite for you.
GG: thanks. :'o
GG: and done.
TA: Great! Go ahead and bring that to the alchemiter. It's at the top of the stairs.
GG: okay!

GG: aaaand it gave me a pile of wood and string. D:
GG: what am i supposed to do with this???
TA: Build something, maybe?
TA: What do you think you can make with those materials?
GG: hmm...
GG: suspension bridge?
TA: Go for it. :)
GG: i'm afraid to ask, but... how much time do i have left?
TA: Just about five minutes.
GG: :o
TA: You've got this, Hunk.
GG: nnn D:
TA: I promise! You can do it.
GG: ok...


GG: done! :D
TA: You're in!
GG: i'm in!!
GG: thanks, Shiro. :)
TA: Of course!
TA: Be careful exploring out there, okay?
TA: I have to go make sure the imps don't take over the rest of my house, but I'll come back and build when I can.
TA: Just let me know if you need anything!
thanatoidAstronaut [TA] ceased pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]
GG: okay!
GG: darn it, why do you guys keep doing this? :(



> Sam: Look around
Chapter Notes
hey guys did u know grad school is,, hard












> Pidge: Alchemize?
Chapter Notes
jk no alchemy here :^)this is one of the scenes i posted on my artblog before i started posting here so there are going to be like two of you who recognize it lmao

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




causticTechnocrat [CT] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]
CT: keith what did shiro prototype his sprite with
GA: Four ferrets and an Einstein bust. :)
CT: lmaooooooooo oh my god
CT: YES
CT: i have to go make fun of him immediately
GA: Godspeed.
causticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering groundedAviator [GA]


causticTechnocrat [CT] began pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]
CT: everyone in yet?
TA: Yes, Hunk just entered.
TA: How are you doing?
CT: fine
CT: but more importantly, i just heard about your sprite
CT: four ferrets and an einstein bust? seriously??
TA: It wasn't my best moment, I'll admit. :/
TA: He's very smart but very, very annoying.
TA: What about you?
TA: Did you t
TA: I mean
TA: What did you prototype yours with?
CT: very subtle, shiro
CT: only an astronaut figurine so far, so if you see any imps running around with space helmets on, that was me
TA: And?
CT: and ive got my locket
CT: but i havent tried it yet

TA: Pidge...
CT: i know keith and lance had no trouble bringing back their dead relatives
CT: but this is different shiro
CT: hes not my ancestor
CT: hes my brother
CT: and i like to think hes somewhere better
CT: i dont want to drag him away from that
CT: but i miss him
CT: really badly
CT: really, really badly
TA: I know.
TA: I miss him, too.
CT: i dont know if i can do this, shiro
TA: It's up to you.
TA: I believe in you, Katie.
CT: normally id scoff but
CT: thanks
CT: ill tell you how it goes
TA: Take care.
causticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]



Chapter End Notes
next chap will be up relatively soon, theres a LOT of pics but theyre mostly done (i was going to post it all in one go but pacing is better split up)


> Pidge: Message Shiro
Chapter Notes
i lied last chapter, i split this whole thing up further ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ ALSO I MEANT TO POST THIS YESTERDAY BUT IM SICK AND WAS MENTALLY INCAPABLE OF ANYTHING BUT BINGING BNHA SO, SORRY, ill post the rest of this bit more punctually! poke me if i dont!! its all ready to go i just wanna give ppl a chance to see this and react lmao




causticTechnocrat [CT] began pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]
CT: it didnt work
TA: You tried it?
CT: it just spat the locket back out
CT: maybe a lock of hair isnt enough
CT: or
CT: somthign
CT: but hes nto here
CT: hes ttill goone
TA: Katie, I'm coming over. Sit tight.
CT: hhow
TA: I'll find a way.



> Shiro: Comfort Pidge
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes













Chapter End Notes
or not


> Hunk: Get help
Chapter Notes
did i forget to update again? yes




gearboxGourmet [GG] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]
GG: uhhh Keith can you get yourself to Pidge's land asap?
GG: she and Shiro are having some kind of mutual breakdown rn.
GA: How?
GG: i don't know!! Shiro got there so there must be a way.
GG: those glowy spirograph portal things, maybe.
GA: The gates?
GG: i don't know what they're called, i just got here.
GG: just hurry! :(
gearboxGourmet [GG] ceased pestering groundedAviator [GA]






Days in the past, but not many...
Chapter Summary
A young woman claims her inheritance.
Chapter Notes
ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ i know its been like a month and im sorr y

        See the end of the chapter for more notes













Chapter End Notes
yeah so next chapter doesnt need illustration iirc but... after that i will hit important plot things that i. have not totally figured out, and im like in the middle of a bunch of bangs and zines and stuff which are,, more pressing so....... it might be a while again sorry
anyway i dont know why im still pretending theres any chance this fic wont have klance so im gonna. do the taggy thing,


> Hunk: Tell Lance what happened
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




gearboxGourmet [GG] began pestering amorousTailor [AT]
GG: hey Lance!
GG: how's it going?
AT: my land is shitty
AT: it SMELLS :(
GG: what is it?
AT: land of pearls and gliders
AT: which sounds GREAT but it smells like low tide and pollution and stuff and its bad
AT: im kinda pissed about the gliders too
AT: thats not real flying >:(
AT: wait did you get in yet???
GG: yes, i'm in!
GG: we're all in.
AT: oh good
AT: i mean i guess its good
AT: this game is fucked but its better than getting crushed by a meteor
GG: very true.
AT: but yeah my land sucks :/
GG: it could be worse. :o
AT: TRUE did you hear what shiro's is?
AT: darkness and frogs
AT: like WTF is that
AT: there arent even any frogs!!
AT: not that he could see them if there were
GG: that doesn't sound that bad!
AT: i guess not.
AT: i think keith won the shit land lottery though
AT: he got the land of geiger counters and terraforming??
AT: like, he cant go most places without an oxygen tank at least
AT: and then the whole place is mildly radioactive
AT: hes gonna fuckin die out there
AT: the only good thing about that place is that the acronym is ALMOST longcat
AT: or lolcat
AT: either way
GG: priorities, Lance!!
AT: yeah sorry
GG: but you're right, that's shitty.
AT: right???
AT: whats yours??
GG: land of drought and drains.
GG: my quest is pretty straightforward though!
GG: i guess i just have to fix the drought.
AT: oh, right, a planet wide drought
AT: and you just gotta fix it
AT: no big
GG: well i wouldn't know what to do if i had frogs like Shiro does.
AT: fair enough
GG: what's yours?
AT: cleaning up all the pollution i guess??
AT: grandpa wont tell me clearly :/
GG: ...you really resurrected your grandpa...
AT: yeah
AT: hes chill about it though
AT: also about being part shark
GG: i am REALLY glad i didn't have any dead relatives lying around.
GG: just Mr. Wiggles. :(
AT: aww mr wiggles
AT: is he a good sprite
GG: he's the best sprite.
AT: good :3
GG: actually, speaking of sprites,
GG: which is kind of what i was trying to message you about in the first place,
GG: don't talk about them around Pidge for a while maybe.
AT: ...oh no
AT: matt?
GG: she tried.
GG: but all she had was her locket, and...
GG: yeah, it didn't work.
AT: aw, fuck.
AT: is she okay??
AT: should i go over there??
GG: Shiro and Keith are already there and Shiro is kinda breaking down too, so, it might be too much.
GG: maybe later.
AT: ok :(
GG: this game really likes to hit where it hurts, huh?
AT: no kidding
AT: ...alright so maybe my land isnt that shitty
GG: yeah. :/
AT: oh shit
AT: imps, bbl
GG: ok.
amorousTailor [AT] ceased pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]



Chapter End Notes
yeah i still havent figured out the important plot stuff happening next chapter,,


> Keith: Remember the letter
Chapter Notes
hhhhhhhhhhhh

        See the end of the chapter for more notes






groundedAviator [GA] began pestering amorousTailor [AT]
GA: What was the first thing you prototyped, again?
AT: for my sprite? a baby shark
AT: why?
GA: And Shiro prototyped a bunch of stuffed ferrets.
GA: And Hunk did a turtle, and Pidge an astronaut toy.
GA: And I did a lizard.
AT: yeah??
GA: And none of us prototyped a second thing until after we got in the game.
AT: yeah?????
AT: whats up dude
GA: So why are there imps with flower petals?
AT: uhhhhhhhhhhhhh
AT: i dunno, maybe its a glitch or something
AT: maybe they literally grow outta the ground and some of them flower
AT: hell if i know
AT: why?????
GA: Never mind.
groundedAviator [GA] ceased pestering amorousTailor [AT]
AT: ooookay then

Dear groundedAviator,
Someday you will play a game; I cannot tell you as much as I would like, but suffice it to say it is more important than you can imagine now. I fear if I say more this letter will be lost to the whims of fate.
Before the game begins, I suggest you reach out to the other players: thanatoidAstronaut, amorousTailor, gearboxGourmet, and causticTechnocrat. Though ostensibly we are all playing this game together, I have found myself separate from the rest of you--I can only hope that, if you are able to contact each other beforehand, you will not be separated further. This game is not meant to be played alone.
That is not to say, of course, that you should not play at all; in fact, it is very important that you do. It may be dangerous, but the reward is great--you must not back down from any challenge. A great deal rests on your shoulders (small as they are, as I write this), and time is on your side.
Good luck, and may we meet in the next universe.
Sincerely,
Allura



Chapter End Notes
me elbowing yall: hey hey did you see what she said there. hey. she knows his aspect did you notice. hey ;)


> Shiro: End up in Hunk's land somehow
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes










Chapter End Notes
u couldnt pay me to draw another alchemy session but, jsyk, hunks gun is a machine gun + bismuth and its called Square Up. :D


> Keith: Check in with Pidge
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




groundedAviator [GA] began pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]GA: How are you doing?CT: betterCT: wish i hadnt thrown that stupid magic 8 ball at the sprite thoughCT: its making things unnecessarily difficultGA: hahaCT: >:(GA: Sorry.GA: Does it make you feel any better knowing I turned my dad into a lizard?CT: .......CT: a little



Chapter End Notes
half these pics were done before i started posting at all lmao
see yall again soon (i hope)


Elsewhere, previously...















> Shiro: Check in with Keith



thanatoidAstronaut [TA] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]
TA: Is Pidge doing better now?
GA: Yeah.
GA: Are you?
TA: Yes.
TA: I just... wish it had worked.
GA: I know.
GA: Me too.
TA: Can we talk about something else?
GA: We can talk about how you prototyped your sprite with a bunch of ferrets.
TA: Not that, either.
GA: Ferrets, though!
TA: Unlike some people, I didn't have a dead relative just lying around.
TA: No ashes or... whatever you used.
GA: A skull.
TA: ...What?
GA: I used his skull.
TA: I
TA: Keith
TA: KEITH
TA: Why on EARTH did you have your father's skull???
TA: Tell me you didn't just have it lying around.
TA: Tell me you had to dig it up first, at least.
TA: I'm begging you.
GA: He wanted a sky burial...
GA: It was on a shelf? It's not like I was using it as a paperweight or something.
TA: Are the rest of his bones on a shelf too???
GA: No, I only kept his skull.
GA: I let the birds have the rest.
TA: ...........

gearboxGourmet [GG] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]
GG: Shiro is hysterical, what did you do???
GA: Uh.
GA: You don't want to know, probably.
GG: .............okay...
gearboxGourmet [GG] ceased pestering groundedAviator [GA]



> Pidge: Get some information
Chapter Notes
wow happy 30th chapter. well get somewhere eventually...




PIDGE: so we all have individual goals, but theres an overall goal too?
ASTROSPRITE: It is decidedly so.
PIDGE: and im guessing you cant just tell me straight out what that is
ASTROSPRITE: Concentrate and ask again.
PIDGE: wait, you can?
ASTROSPRITE: Ask again later.
PIDGE: ughhhh
PIDGE: okay, whatever. what about earth?
ASTROSPRITE: Outlook not so good.
PIDGE: so the meteors werent just for us? they destroyed everything?
ASTROSPRITE: It is certain.
PIDGE: well
PIDGE: i guess we arent here to save the world then
ASTROSPRITE: My reply is no.
PIDGE: but if earth is fucked, then...
PIDGE: my parents?
PIDGE: theyre... also...?
ASTROSPRITE: Reply hazy, try again.
PIDGE: what the fuck is that supposed to mean
ASTROSPRITE: Reply hazy, try again.
PIDGE: okay smartass
PIDGE: are my parents okay?
ASTROSPRITE: Outlook good.

PIDGE: WHAT?
PIDGE: wait, where are they??
ASTROSPRITE: Concentrate and ask again.
PIDGE: oh, fuck you
PIDGE: are my parents on earth?
ASTROSPRITE: Concentrate and ask again.
PIDGE: that was a yes or no question!!
PIDGE: what the fuck is your problem?!
ASTROSPRITE: Reply hazy, try again.
PIDGE: i hate you so much
PIDGE: is dad on earth?
ASTROSPRITE: My sources say no.
PIDGE: so hes here
ASTROSPRITE: Yes.
PIDGE: and alive
ASTROSPRITE: Yes.
PIDGE: and safe?
ASTROSPRITE: Cannot predict now.

PIDGE: ...fair enough
PIDGE: what about mom? is she on earth?
ASTROSPRITE: As I see it, yes.




> Pidge: Ask about Mom
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





PIDGE: what does that mean, "as i see it?"
PIDGE: that wasnt a question, dont answer
ASTROSPRITE: ...
PIDGE: so shes on earth right now
ASTROSPRITE: Don't count on it.
PIDGE: you just said she IS on earth!
ASTROSPRITE: Yes.
PIDGE: but not right now?
ASTROSPRITE: Yes.
PIDGE: so right now, shes somewhere else
ASTROSPRITE: Very doubtful.
PIDGE: what the actual fuck
PIDGE: how can she be on earth but not?
ASTROSPRITE: Better not tell you now.
PIDGE: im going to literally murder you


PIDGE: wait
PIDGE: shes not on earth NOW
PIDGE: but she... will be?
ASTROSPRITE: You may rely on it.
PIDGE: but its not that shes somewhere else in the meantime
PIDGE: its that she... time traveled?
ASTROSPRITE: Signs point to yes.
PIDGE: but HOW?





Chapter End Notes
hmm i wonder :)


Earlier...










> Shiro: Discuss Keith's living conditions
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




amorousTailor [AT] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]
AT: Keith...
GA: Lance?
AT: Oh, oops.
amorousTailor [AT] ceased pestering groundedAviator [GA]thanatoidAstronaut [TA] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]
TA: Keith.
GA: Shit.
TA: You know what this is about.
GA: You're on Lance's computer, aren't you?
GA: Can't we do this later? I'm a little busy.
TA: You live in a hovel! 
GA: It's not a hovel anymore, thanks.
TA: Keith, you should have told me.
TA: You could've come to live with me. At the very least I could've lent you some real furniture.
GA: This is why I didn't tell you.
TA: There was no reason for you to live like that! Just because you grew up that way doesn't mean you had to stay that way!
GA: Question for you.
TA: I'm not done yet.
GA: I'm asking anyway. Why are you so offended by my living conditions? It's not your fault.
GA: It's got nothing to do with you.
TA: It does.
TA: I did everything I could to give you a way out of there.
GA: I stayed because I wanted to! 
GA: I had a job, you know. A pretty good one! I could buy anything I needed!
GA: Yeah, I had trouble with the wifi sometimes, but that's to be expected out in the desert.
GA: I was doing FINE, Shiro, even if it didn't live up to your... suburban ideals, or whatever.
TA: You had to have been lonely, Keith.
TA: Don't tell me you weren't.
GA: I wasn't.
GA: I had you guys.
TA: ...
TA: That's not the same.
GA: It's enough.
GA: And now we're all in the game anyway and it doesn't matter anymore.
TA: Well, forgive me for being concerned!
GA: You're forgiven.
TA: Keith.
GA: Shiro.
TA: It's not a sign of weakness to ask for help.
TA: No one would think less of you, least of all me.
GA: How many times do I have to tell you?
GA: I. Was. Fine.
GA: Look, I appreciate everything you've done for me, but you don't have to protect me anymore. I can take care of myself now.
TA: It's not about that.
GA: Yes it is.
GA: I know you, Shiro.
GA: And I think you should try taking care of your own issues for once before you try to "fix" mine.
groundedAviator [GA] ceased pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]
TA: KEITH!




LANCE: uhhh... you okay?
SHIRO: Oh! 
SHIRO: Hi, Lance.
LANCE: ...hi.
LANCE: ARE you okay?
SHIRO: Fine.
LANCE: ...
LANCE: yeah, bullshit. whats up dude?
SHIRO: Excuse me?
LANCE: you are CLEARLY not okay right now. what happened?
SHIRO: Lance, nothing happened.
LANCE: right and thats why youre using your teacher voice

LANCE: ohhhh okay, i see
LANCE: you yelled at keith for living in a shack and now you feel like shit about it
SHIRO: That's not what happened.
LANCE: i bet im close tho
SHIRO: ...
LANCE: yep

LANCE: cmere
LANCE: heart to heart time, lets go
SHIRO: .........

LANCE: so you yelled at keith right
SHIRO: If you're intending to use this against him...
LANCE: no! come on dude
LANCE: im not that much of an asshole even when keith is involved
LANCE: besides im kinda inclined to think his living conditions are his business but i wanna hear your side of the story
SHIRO: ...Okay.
LANCE: so am i right or nah
SHIRO: I wouldn't have called it yelling.
SHIRO: I guess you're on the right track, though.
LANCE: eyy, see?
SHIRO: But that's not what I'm upset about.
LANCE: no?
SHIRO: He told me... he said I should take care of my own issues instead of worrying about him.
SHIRO: Do I seem like I have issues, Lance?
LANCE: well, yeah




Chapter End Notes
COLD. man i wrote this ages ago hfhrhfturtleneck lance is a complete coincidence ¯\_(ツ)_/¯


==>






LANCE: i mean, no offense, but yeah

LANCE: you have issuesLANCE: this is obvious to anyone with eyesSHIRO: ...LANCE: its not, like, badLANCE: i mean, its completely understandableLANCE: but you probably shouldnt be burying that shitSHIRO: So you agree with Keith.LANCE: shocking, i knowLANCE: soak it in, shiro, it may never happen againLANCE: obviously i dont know the details of your guyss relationship thoughLANCE: so like i dunno about the worrying-about-him partLANCE: but you ARE always looking out for us and him especially--SHIRO: I care about all of you.LANCE: well yeah, were friendsLANCE: and we care about you tooLANCE: which is the whole pointSHIRO: ...LANCE: so i mean, yeah, worry about keith if you want, but worry about yourself, tooLANCE: and keith can take care of himself, anywaySHIRO: This isn't exactly the best setting for "worrying about myself," Lance.LANCE: so what? no time like the presentLANCE: or do you want it to come back to bite you in the ass like when you went to pidges yesterday and had a breakdown?SHIRO: How did you even know about that?LANCE: a little bird told me ;)SHIRO: Pidge?LANCE: oh haha, no actuallyLANCE: metaphorical birdLANCE: thats not the point, dont change the subjectLANCE: think about it, yeah?SHIRO: ...SHIRO: I will.LANCE: good! :3LANCE: so why are you in my house in the first place...?SHIRO: Oh, sorry.SHIRO: I went through a lot of gates trying to get to Pidge and I haven't found my way back yet, that's all.LANCE: hahahaLANCE: yeah theres no rhyme or reason to it is thereSHIRO: There probably is, I just haven't figured it out yet.LANCE: whered you spend the night? pidges?SHIRO: Hunk's. LANCE: niceLANCE: i havent run into him yetLANCE: youre the first one ive seen, actuallySHIRO: You're the last I've seen.LANCE: :CSHIRO: You'll see them soon enough. I have a feeling we'll be here a while.LANCE: yeah fair enoughLANCE: wait wouldnt his second gate take you back to your placeLANCE: thats how it works rightSHIRO: I, uh. Got lost.LANCE: ...in your own land?SHIRO: Yeah.SHIRO: It's pitch black there, you can't blame me for getting a little turned around.LANCE: lolLANCE: i bet we can alchemize you a super powerful headlamp or something. wanna try?SHIRO: Sure.




> Pidge: Look for Dad





PIDGE: dad??




> ???: Offer help











Previously...
Chapter Notes
hi im in the middle of moving and im dead inside and out










> Keith: End up in Hunk's land somehow
Chapter Notes
i finally unpacked my tabletttt






HUNK: oh, hey Keith!KEITH: ...Hey.HUNK: what's up?KEITH: Uh.KEITH: ...Do you know how to get to Lance's from here?HUNK: uhhh...HUNK: the fastest would be from your place, wouldn't it?HUNK: why?KEITH: Uh. No reason.HUNK: Keith, you're a really bad liar.KEITH: I... Okay. Shiro is there and I probably pissed him off, and I want to, uh. Fix. Things.HUNK: aww, you're so cute.HUNK: my second gate will take you to Shiro's land, and his will take you to yours.HUNK: and yours will take you to Lance's, obviously.HUNK: i dunno if any of the other gates go elsewhere? i haven't gotten that far yet.KEITH: Oh. Right, thanks.HUNK: how did you piss him off, anyway?KEITH: Um, I kind of told him to worry about his own issues instead of me?HUNK: ooh, yeah, that's a little harsh.HUNK: i mean, i figure taking care of us and especially you is how he copes?KEITH: That's not fixing anything.HUNK: well, no, but there's room for both, isn't there?HUNK: sometimes you can work on yourself, sometimes you just cope.HUNK: like, just because he might be projecting on you a little doesn't mean he should stop caring about you entirely. that would be super weird.HUNK: that's like half his personality.KEITH: It shouldn't be.HUNK: you knew him before the incident, right? Was he like that before?KEITH: ...Yeah, but--HUNK: so there. Shiro cares about people, it's just what he does.KEITH: It's been too much, lately. That's the point.KEITH: I can take care of myself.HUNK: i'm not saying you can't or that he doesn't need to work on his issues.HUNK: just like, find a balance, right? 'cause he's not gonna be able to just stop.KEITH: I... guess that makes sense.HUNK: of course it does.HUNK: also if he's with Lance then Lance is probably calming him down now, sooo give them some time, maybe.KEITH: Oh. Okay.KEITH: You want some help?HUNK: yeah. yeah, i'd appreciate that.




> Pidge: Ask around




PIDGE: dad? DAD!!!

causticTechnocrat [CT] began pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]
CT: shiro, you didnt run into my dad when you came here, did you?
TA: No?
TA: Oh no, is he here?
CT: my sprite seems to think so
CT: hes fine at the moment, but id like to find him before that changes
TA: I'll keep an eye out.
TA: Do you want help searching your planet?
CT: i might later
CT: gonna try and get more info first
TA: Good luck!
TA: Message me if you need anything.
CT: yeah yeah
causticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]

causticTechnocrat [CT] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]
CT: keith, did you see my dad on your way here?
GA: No. Should I have?
CT: just checking. he might have entered the game with me by accident
GA: Oh, shit.
CT: yeah
CT: keep an eye out?
GA: Of course.
GA: You need me to come over?
CT: not right now
CT: thanks though :)
GA: Anytime.
causticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering groundedAviator [GA]

causticTechnocrat [CT] began pestering amorousTailor [AT]
CT: lance, keep an eye out for my dad? he might be in the game with us
AT: what??? how?????
CT: i guess he was on the property when i came here, so he got dragged along with me?
CT: and the situation with mom is... weird
CT: just keep an eye out ok?
AT: ofc!
AT: are you okay btw??
CT: yeah im ok
CT: my sprite says hes safe for now so its not an emergency or anything
AT: no i mean
AT: i heard about your sprite
AT: so... are you okay?
CT: oh
CT: yeah
CT: im fine
AT: okay
AT: im here if you need anything tho
CT: thanks lance
causticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering amorousTailor [AT]

causticTechnocrat [CT] began pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]
CT: hey hunk can you keep an eye out for my dad?
CT: especially next time you end up in my land, obviously
GG: oh no, did he come too?
CT: apparently
GG: do you want me to come over and look?
GG: there's a lot of imps in the way, but if you need me, i'll do it.
CT: no thats okay
CT: ill ask later if need be
GG: okay!
GG: good luck, Pidge!
CT: thanks
causticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]



> Keith: Find Shiro






KEITH: Um.

KEITH: Sorry.

SHIRO: No, you were right.

SHIRO: I do need to... work on myself.

KEITH: ...Yeah.

KEITH: I, uh. Appreciate it, though.

KEITH: That you care.

KEITH: And you don't have to like... stop.

SHIRO: I couldn't if I tried, Keith.

KEITH: But you'll let me look out for you, too?

SHIRO: Of course.






Recently...
Chapter Notes
im running out of ways to title alluras chapters lmao

        See the end of the chapter for more notes









ALLURA: I think we may not be alone out here, after all.




Chapter End Notes
if you didnt know, i always post each chapters art on my artblog, so if you feel inclined to reblog you can go do that there


> Be the Sacred Medic
Chapter Notes
IM SO SORRY FOR THE ACCIDENTAL HIATUS life uh. happened. updates are gonna continue to be very slow until i graduate but im gonna try really hard not to drag it out for like... months..... D:
also there is guest art happening like 2 chapters away... if i can get the next chap done tonight ill post it all.....



You are the Sacred Medic, and yesterday on a routine mission to one of the several planets orbiting Skaia, you found a man.



He doesn't seem to be one of the Princes. Too confused, ignorant of how he came here, but friendly enough. He's lucky he didn't get hurt by any of those nasty imps running around.
You offered to bring him somewhere safer.






==>
Chapter Notes
i got it done hhhguest art next chap hell yeah

        See the end of the chapter for more notes






And now that you're both somewhere safer, you figure you ought to let someone know about this.







Chapter End Notes
why are there birds? why can they fly through the medium? why is this prospits primary method of communication?? who cares?????? bird


> Lance: Pass the message on
Chapter Notes
GUEST ART courtesy of trashcoon/xenophobicloser! thanks mdude

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




amorousTailor [AT] began pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]
AT: hey pidge a little bird just told me your dad is somewhere called prospit??
CT: ?????
CT: who did?????
AT: a bird
AT: like an actual bird carrying a little note
AT: like harry potter except not an owl
AT: it didnt say any more than that tho
AT: actually it didnt say it was your dad even, it was just like yo i found some guy
AT: but everyone else is accounted for so like
AT: process of elimination
CT: thats
CT: huh
CT: its something
CT: thanks lance
AT: yeah no prob
AT: hey unrelated but do you want a pet bird?
CT: not really, no
causticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering amorousTailor [AT]
AT: FINE ill just send him home then :P




Chapter End Notes
aight see you,, next month,,,


> Pidge: Message Dad
Chapter Notes
ive decided im going to go through what ive written (since this thing is... mostly written already) and minimize the amount of drawing as much as possible bc like....... its been a month and a half or something? and the pic for this chapter really wasnt necessary. i just wanna get this thing out to you guys and if that means less art, so be it.





Katie: dad, are you okay? where are you?
Dad: I'm okay, Katie! A friendly chessman found me and brought me to a city called Prospit. I'm quite safe here! No need to worry. :)
Katie: DAD!
Katie: oh my gosh im so glad
Katie: youre really sure youre safe? theres a lot of imps around
Dad: Chessman seems to think so. I haven't seen any imps here, at least. You'd better be careful out there, too, kiddo.
Dad: Speaking of, have you seen your mother?
Katie: according to my sprite she somehow time traveled into earths future?
Katie: which im pretty sure means shes okay...
Katie: it was right about you, anyway
Dad: I see. I suppose we'll have to trust this sprite of yours, then.
Katie: for now...




> Team: Play
Chapter Notes
me: im doing less picturesalso me: heres a chapter thats just a picture









> Allura: Explore
Chapter Notes
happy birthday t6p!! one whole entire goddamn year that ive been posting this thing and im only this far, what am i doing with my life, this thing is actually gonna last as long as homestuck jesus chri




crownedCenturion [CC] began pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]
gearboxGourmet [GG] is offline!
CC: Hello?
CC: I suppose it's hopeless to think you'll see this.
CC: It's been days and no one is here but me.
CC: I suspect if you and the rest aren't here, it's... already too late.
CC: Father doesn't seem so sure, but I saw the meteors.
CC: I'm sorry it had to end in such a way.
CC: And I'm sorry I couldn't do anything to save you.
CC: ...
CC: Sorry.
crownedCenturion [CC] ceased pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]



Years in the future, but not many...
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




...a conciliatory rover discovers he has company.Human company.







Chapter End Notes
i wonder who that could be...


> Be the human.
Chapter Notes
edit: definitely tell me if you cant see the images you guys :'o so far it seems like the only place i can host them w/o problems is discord, which is... not ideal. so if anyone has any suggestions, please let me know!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes






You'll have to be more specific. But you can't be any of them yet anyway, so don't even bother.



Chapter End Notes
¯\_(ツ)_/¯


> Be the Conciliatory Rover.
Chapter Notes
uhhh happy chapter 50 guys
so. obviously im never gonna get through this thing if i keep drawing everything. and then some of you cant see all the pics anyway. so theres art here, and art next chap, and then the two after have commissioned art, and then after that im just gonna... not. im gonna post descriptions in brackets [like this] of what id been planning to draw instead. maaaybe ill draw a few more things, if the mood strikes, but i make no promises... like this ill be able to update wayyy more often. im shooting for 3-5 times a week. no promises there either tho, bc life, but thats my Public Goal and if i go a week w/o updating you are welcome to (gently) poke me on social media about it, because really, the thing is mostly written. it can go up practically now. i just need to edit as i go. oh, and if anyone ever feels inspired and draws something ive put [in brackets] in future chapters then just link me to it and ill be happy to drop it in.
tl;dr: art ending soon in favor of finishing this thing.



You are now the CONCILIATORY ROVER.



This isn't the human you already know is around here somewhere, so that's weird. He seems pretty handy though. He's going to get this place running, so you can finally complete your mission.
You're going to find her.



> Be "her."
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes










You can't be the BECALMED QUELLER right now. She's busy. 



Chapter End Notes
guest art next two chaps!!


> Lance: Message Shiro
Chapter Notes
todays art by veltron|Evan_Veltron|skimaskmaster!! i hope i got all those links right orz



amorousTailor [AT] began pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]AT: yo are we on day three or day fourTA: Day three, but only for the next six minutes.AT: cool thanksTA: Why?AT: just wonderinAT: feels like its been ages but also like... no time at all, yknow?TA: Right.TA: Why are you awake at this time, anyway?AT: why are YOU awakeTA: I asked first.AT: well i asked secondTA: Lance.AT: shiro.TA: ...I couldn't sleep.AT: mmyeah me neitherAT: i guess its kinda just hitting me that all of this is real yknow?TA: Yes, I know.TA: It was an odd game from the beginning, but being here after days is...AT: surreal?TA: Or something.AT: feels pretty surreal to meAT: i keep thinking itll end or ill wake up or something but it just keeps happeningAT: were really hereAT: and earth is really goneAT: andAT: fuckTA: Lance?AT: i justAT: ive been trying not to think about itAT: but my entire family is...TA: I know.TA: Mine too.TA: Lance, I'm coming over.AT: you dont have to do thatAT: hunk is already hereAT: ill be okay, i just. fuuuckTA: I know you'll be okay.TA: And so will I.AT: ...okayAT: you can come over i guessTA: Thank you.AT: you wont be thanking me when i start dripping snot all over youAT: just fair warningTA: We'll see.






Elsewhere, simultaneously...
Chapter Notes
art again by veltron|Evan_Veltron|skimaskmaster!!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes










Chapter End Notes
remember: this is the last chapter with art. from here on out you will get descriptions [in brackets] of what the art would be... i just dont have the time/money to illustrate this whole thing. i hope youll stick around anyway :)


> Allura: Investigate Derse
Chapter Notes
and, uh, here we are ¯\_(ツ)_/¯and yes, if you happen to want to draw the image descriptions--i will happily put it in the fic, just shoot me a link



[Allura is on grey Derse--actual Derse, not its moon. She notices that all the spires on the castle are lit]crownedCenturion [CC] began pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]
causticTechnocrat [CT] is offline!
CC: Could it be that you survived after all?
CC: There must be some reason everything is grey. Father says it shouldn't be.
CC: Perhaps... perhaps there was a glitch... some flaw in the system.
CC: Surely it's not common to be one's own server player.
CC: If you are not here, but elsewhere...
CC: I don't know.
CC: Maybe it's only wishful thinking.
CC: Never mind.
crownedCenturion [CC] ceased pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]



> Lance: Ask for help
Chapter Notes
im really going for daily updates here apparently lol

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




amorousTailor [AT] began pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]
AT: hunk
AT: hunk are you there
AT: ive got a problem
GG: :O what is it?
AT: pidge is asleep i think
AT: and im kinda stuck
AT: i need you to wake her up
GG: ...stuck how?
AT: like, physically stuck
AT: like, kinda trapped in a closet
AT: ...definitely trapped in a closet
GG: HOW???
AT: im very talented
AT: also theres a hole in the ceiling but i cant climb back out
AT: and theres something in front of the door
AT: ugh i think i can hear an imp out there
AT: free me :(
AT: are you still there
AT: hunk
AT: my man
AT: my dude
AT: my best bud
AT: dont leave me hanging bro
GG: i'm here!! i'm trying to wake up Pidge for you like you asked.
GG: you couldve asked Keith, you know.
GG: his second gate leads to your planet, doesn't it?
AT: no way am i asking keith
AT: nuh uh
AT: what do you take me for???? hunk pls
GG: a desperate man trapped in a closet, maybe?
AT: .....
AT: .................
AT: im going to pretend like there is no metaphorical way to interpret that
AT: only literals here
AT: in this house we take everything at face value
AT: bc guess what, i am literally trapped in a real live closet
GG: okay.
GG: Pidge is awake and angry.
GG: good luck, bro.
AT: fuck
amorousTailor [AT] ceased pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]
causticTechnocrat [CT] began pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]
CT: the fuck hunk
GG: sorry!!! Lance needs you.
GG: blame him. :o
CT: k
causticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]
causticTechnocrat [CT] began pestering amorousTailor [AT]
CT: why the hell am i awake
AT: bc i love you a lot, have i ever told you youre my favorite?? <3
CT: lance.
AT: im stuck in a closet and i need you, my dearest server player, to free me
CT: figures
CT: why should i
AT: bc you cant steal all my grist if im not getting any
AT: bc im not getting any grist while stuck in this closet
CT: you make a strong case
CT: which fucking closet are you in anyway
CT: your apartment is way too big now
AT: whose fault is that???
CT: my consorts technically
CT: do you have any idea what floor youre on at least?
AT: nearish the top
AT: not the top three floors for sure, but not much below
CT: ughhh why doesnt this stupid thing have a "center on player" button
CT: who designed this mess
AT: are we sure it was designed at all
CT: whats that supposed to mean
AT: well you never figured out how it works
AT: even though you were the one to compile the code
AT: any technology thats beyond you cant have been made by human hands
AT: just sayin
CT: ...thats mildly flattering, thank you lance
CT: also a little concerning
AT: thats my specialty
AT: have you found me yet
CT: yep just did
CT: lol
CT: youre really in a closet
AT: yes, im really in a closet
AT: can you get me out or not
CT: yeah im just gonna delete a wall
CT: the door is up against the outer wall somehow, it doesnt go anywhere
AT: wow
AT: okay
AT: are there imps out there
CT: a couple
CT: nothing you cant handle
CT: gonna let you out into a copy of your roommates bedroom, stand back
AT: aye aye
CT: done
AT: youre the best, pidgey <3
CT: damn straight
CT: im going back to bed
causticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering amorousTailor [AT]



Chapter End Notes
closetstuck.....
i think this is one of the first parts of this au i ever wrote lol


> Allura: Message AT
Chapter Notes
happy monday! heres more allura being alone :)



crownedCenturion [CC] began pestering amorousTailor [AT]amorousTailor [AT] is offline!CC: Hello... me again.CC: I wish I could ask you why there is a dead shark on your bookshelf.CC: ...A lot of other things as well, but I can see it from where I'm sitting right now, so it's on my mind.CC: There's a lot I've learned from exploring your houses--and I'm sorry for the breach of privacy, but for all I know, you'reCC: Well.CC: Anyway. There's a lot I could learn.CC: And yet, it seems so flat when there's something missing as basic as color.CC: You could have the most coordinated room imaginable, or the most horrendously clashing scheme, and I have no way of knowing.CC: It seems a small thing to complain about, all things considered.CC: But I wish to know as much as I can about those I was supposed to play with.CC: ...However painful that may be.CC: Until next time.crownedCenturion [CC] ceased pestering amorousTailor [AT]



> Pidge: Be pestered by Keith



groundedAviator [GA] began pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]
GA: Pidge, have you heard from your dad yet?
CT: yup hes safe!!
GA: Oh, good.
GA: So I have a really, really weird question.
CT: whats up
GA: What's his phone number?
CT: .................................................................
GA: I told you it was weird.
GA: It's a time loop thing, if that helps.
CT: i dunno if that makes me feel better or worse
CT: are you like paradoxically not allowed to explain or
GA: I don't think there's any reason I can't.
GA: This is just kind of a lengthy game of telephone as it is.
GA: No pun intended.
GA: I figured it was better if I just tell him directly, but if you don't want to give me his number I can tell you to tell him.
CT: im curious enough that im gonna make you do that
GA: He needs to build two transportalizers.
CT: what the fuck is a transportalizer
GA: He'll figure it out.
GA: But he has to go into the Veil to do it. Whoever's with him right now will help him out.
GA: One of us will tell him what to do with them later.
CT: thats so ominous wtf
GA: Like I said, telephone. I can't tell you more.
GA: Just pass it on, please.
CT: is this some weird time paradox thing? youre time right
CT: who even told you this
GA: That I definitely can't tell you.
GA: And don't message me about this again or mention it in person.
CT: OH MY GOD YOURE FROM THE FUTURE ARENT YOU
GA: Bye, Pidge.
groundedAviator [GA] ceased pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]
CT: keeeeeeith!!



> Be the Sacred Medic.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




[SM is watching Sam text. They're on Prospit's moon]It seems this man is the guardian of one of the Princesses... of Derse. They're communicating now.You're not sure what to do. You're only a medic, after all, and you doubt this pleasant old man is actually in cahoots with Derse anyway. So, for now, he's your guest.[Sam shows SM his phone]A guest with an odd request.



Chapter End Notes
never quite figured out what the carapaces like,, call the players, if not by their titles?? im makin this up yall


> Team: Play
Chapter Notes
really exciting chapter today, i realize. :'D i think ill go ahead and post the next tonight as well.



[Lance and Hunk in Lance's land, on a beach, collecting puzzle pieces from oysters]
[Pidge sitting on Shiro's shoulders to put a puzzle piece in place on a shelf in one of her libraries]
[Keith with another Keith, planting things in one of the domes to make it a greenhouse]



> Allura: Pester Keith
Chapter Notes
happy chapter 60! according to a ctrl+f of my scene dividers in my doc for this thing, weve got approximately 200 more chapters to go :'D



crownedCenturion [CC] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]
groundedAviator [GA] is offline!
CC: I think you must be alive somewhere.
CC: Or at least, you were, long enough to enter the game.
CC: Just not my session.
CC: I wonder if you have a grey copy of my planet, just as I have grey copies of yours?
CC: If that's the case, you must have the original Skaia. And Derse. Prospit, as well, I assume, though I haven't been.
CC: Perhaps not you, specifically.
CC: Perhaps none of us do. 
CC: We could all be in our own grey, lonely sessions, while Skaia and the moons turn in a session all their own.
CC: I wonder if there is a way to resolve this? To gather our disparate sessions into one?
CC: Nothing provided by the game, of course. It's clear by now this was never meant to happen.
CC: Perhaps another glitch is the key, though what, I can't guess.
CC: I'll have to search, then.
crownedCenturion [CC] ceased pestering groundedAviator [GA]



> Hunk: Wake up
Chapter Notes
hey yall! ive had a lot more people than i expected inquire about doing art for this fic and i want to clarify a few things!!1. im not doing commissions anymore. unless i have already talked to you about it, or approach you first, im not paying for any art... i have spent a lot of money on this fic already and my wallet is suffering :'o please dont ask about doing art if youre expecting to be paid, bc i cant.2. if you want to draw for this fic, for free, you DONT have to ask first (unless theres something in particular you want to draw that hasnt happened yet, ie. someone reaching god tier). anything already posted is up for grabs! all you have to do is send me a link and ill drop it into the chapter.3. no money = no expectations. "bad" art is better than no art. i dont actually anticipate anyone giving me free art--its only happened, like, once?--so if someone does send something ill be nothing but pleasantly surprised. im not gonna critique or ask for changes or anything. unless you want me to? anyway the point is quality doesnt matter, and of course if you DONT want me to add something to the fic i wont.thats all! anyway, lets get to the plot already...



[Hunk wakes up on Prospit's moon, and he's on the wrong side to look at the clouds, but in the distance, there are planets...]gearboxGourmet [GG] began pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]
GG: Pidge, have you woken up yet?
GG: on your moon, i mean.
CT: nnno, why
GG: i did.
GG: on Prospit's.
GG: and it's on the opposite side from Skaia right now, so there weren't really any clouds to look at.
GG: because we're supposed to see things in the clouds, right?
CT: idk im derse
GG: BUT i could see out into the incipisphere.
GG: and, i thought i'd been to everyone's planets by now,
GG: but i think there's another one?
CT: are you sure?
GG: not 100%.
GG: but there was definitely something out there.
GG: it was all grey, like a black and white photo of a planet.
GG: even my and Keith's planets have more color than that.
GG: and i could see Shiro's planet and IT was in color so it's not like it was because of the distance or something.
GG: has anyone else mentioned finding an extra planet?
CT: no
CT: and none of the gates so far seem to go there
CT: thats really weird
GG: also there were three towers on the moon.
GG: i was gonna snoop but i got distracted by the grey planet.
CT: peeping on your sleeping teammates? scandalous
GG: you know me ;)
GG: but seriously, do we know who else is a Prospit dreamer? because from the impression i got of the Prospit/Derse like, personality dichotomy or whatever, i thought it'd just be me and Lance.
CT: i feel like shiro could be prospit
GG: he is not an optimistic man.
CT: i dont think optimism is all there is to it
CT: im a realist, not a pessimist
GG: well, okay, fair.
GG: but i was thinking, that third tower could also belong to someone else.
GG: someone who was supposed to be on our sixth planet.
CT: who could we possibly be missing, though?
CT: not to sound like a loser, but you guys are my only friends
GG: yeah, i don't know either. :/
CT: ...hm
CT: lets call a team meeting
CT: there might be more evidence that were missing someone
CT: and we need to find a way to that planet
GG: roger that! :D
gearboxGourmet [GG] ceased pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]



==>
Chapter Notes
did i already update today? is it tomorrow? time isnt real



causticTechnocrat [CT] began pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]CT: hey shiro whatcha up toTA: I just woke up. TA: I'm surprised you're awake. You did sleep, didn't you?CT: no yeah i didCT: was hoping to wake up on derse finally but no such luckCT: you havent woken up yet have you? which moon are you even onTA: I'm not sure, actually. CT: alright whateverCT: point is we need a team meetingCT: bc speaking of moonsCT: hunk found something you guys gotta know aboutTA: All right, I'll let everyone know. Today?CT: asapCT: im on my way to lodaf alreadyTA: Wow, okay. I'll head back then. Should take about an hour.CT: thanks mancausticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]
thanatoidAstronaut [TA] began pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]TA: I assume Pidge told you we're having a team meeting?GG: yep!TA: Okay. See you soon!GG: already here waiting for you. :)TA: Haha, okay. :)thanatoidAstronaut [TA] ceased pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]
thanatoidAstronaut [TA] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]TA: Team meeting in an hour at mine, Keith.GA: Sure, I'll be there.TA: Thanks. :)thanatoidAstronaut [TA] ceased pestering groundedAviator [GA]
thanatoidAstronaut [TA] began pestering amorousTailor [AT]TA: Hey, Lance. TA: We're having a team meeting at my place in an hour, can you make it?AT: probsAT: why, whats upTA: Not sure. TA: Pidge requested it. She said Hunk found something we all should know about. AT: and this cant happen over chat?? :/TA: Apparently not. Is it a problem?AT: i mean im way far out from any gates rnAT: like ill get going now but i might still be late bc gliders arent really the fastest mode of transportationTA: I'll let her know, then. I'll likely be late too, anyway.TA: I suspect it's just something they want to show us, so it's probably not time sensitive.TA: It's just more efficient to show everyone at once. AT: sounds about rightAT: omw TA: (-_-)bAT: dontTA: Fair enough. XDthanatoidAstronaut [TA] ceased pestering amorousTailor [AT]AT: oh my god



==>
Chapter Notes
putting a tentative chapter count on this thing ahaha... we will see



[Lance runs in dramatically to join Pidge, Shiro, and Hunk, where they're gathered in Shiro's living room]
LANCE: im here!!!
PIDGE: really? i didnt notice
LANCE: oh shut up
LANCE: hey, im not even the last one
SHIRO: Should we wait for Keith?
PIDGE: nah, we can fill him in later
PIDGE: take it away, hunk
HUNK: oh, right. so there's a sixth planet orbiting Skaia right now.
LANCE: but theres only--one two three--five of us
PIDGE: yeah thats why were here right now
HUNK: the planet is all greyed out, like it's inactive, but it's there.
HUNK: WAITING.
[Hunk gestures with both arms out a la the laser gun scene. Shiro looks thoughtful]
SHIRO: Why didn't we know this sooner?
PIDGE: all our gates lead to each others planets, but it starts with server-client connections, right?
PIDGE: but theres no one on that planet, so theres no connection
PIDGE: unless either of you guys have stumbled onto it
LANCE: nope
SHIRO: Nor have I. So what does this mean?
HUNK: yeahhh that's the question.
PIDGE: unless my sprite is fucking with me--which is entirely possible--this game is absolutely chock full of causal loops and shit
PIDGE: and theres kinda a fate element too i think
PIDGE: basically, nothing that happens or exists here is without cause
PIDGE: and the rest of the planets were here specifically for us to land on
PIDGE: so it follows that there was supposed to be a sixth person playing with us 
HUNK: the question is... who?
[Everyone is silent]
PIDGE: yeah
PIDGE: ive been working on alchemizing a jetpack so maybe ill be able to just fly through the incipisphere and check it out soon
PIDGE: in the meantime if you find a way there, let us know
HUNK: or if you figure out WHY it's there.
PIDGE: yeah that too
LANCE: howd you even know about this??
HUNK: oh yeah! i woke up on prospit.
HUNK: you should wake up too, Lance, and then we can fly around and stuff. :D
LANCE: ill uh... work on that
PIDGE: anyway
PIDGE: thats all we had to say i guess
PIDGE: anyone have anything else while were here?
SHIRO: How is everyone doing? Making progress on your quests?
LANCE: yeah im good
PIDGE: yeah
HUNK: yeah. i could use a hand if you're not busy, Shiro.
HUNK: --don't make a hand joke!
[Shiro, already unhooking his prosthetic, stops and pouts]
LANCE: lol




==>
Chapter Notes
double update bc i realized ~190+ chapters left is a lot and i want to be done posting this sometime within the next 6 months :O



[Keith shows up to Shiro's. Lance and Hunk are still there, Hunk is chatting with Shiro]

KEITH: Hey. What'd I miss?

LANCE: i cant believe time guy is late

LANCE: cant you time travel back and be not late

KEITH: Did I?

LANCE: obviously not

KEITH: Then I can't, or else I'll cause a paradox and everyone will die.

KEITH: So, what'd I miss?

[Lance and Hunk gape. Shiro smiles awkwardly]

SHIRO: Apparently our session has six planets instead of five, but the sixth is greyed out.

HUNK: like it's inactive!

HUNK: and obviously none of us have been there.

HUNK: unless you have?

KEITH: I haven't.

KEITH: That's weird, I guess, but did we need a team meeting for that?

HUNK: we wouldn't if pesterchum could do group chats.

KEITH: Fair enough.




> Allura: Pester Shiro



crownedCenturion [CC] began pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]thanatoidAstronaut [TA] is offline!CC: I have asked the horrorterrors about you, but I didn't get much of a response.CC: I have, however, learned that our black king and white queen are somewhere here in my session.CC: On Skaia, perhaps, since the black king is certainly not on Derse.CC: Maybe the important elements of our game are scattered amongst us?CC: ...CC: I am not sure why I persist in leaving any of you these messages.CC: I know you will never receive them.CC: I wish there was some way I could contact you.CC: And actually reach you, that is.CC: What I wouldn't give to chat in person!CC: Well.CC: Maybe we can still win this game, somehow, and I can speak to you in person then, if not sooner.CC: I hope so.crownedCenturion [CC] ceased pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]



> Be the Becalmed Queller



You are now the BECALMED QUELLER. You definitely were not just throwing a fit; that would be unseemly.
[BQ stalks away from the console to another that's still intact]
You are not unreasonable. All you ask is that your orders are followed correctly and promptly.
But ever since a little bird told you of your exile, nothing has gone as you ordered. And you are tired of waiting.
You will do this yourself if you must.
[The station launches]



> Shiro: Ask Keith about his denizen



thanatoidAstronaut [TA] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]TA: Keith, have you met your denizen yet?GA: Nope.GA: I know it's Hephaestus, though.TA: That's what I thought. Lord of the Forge.TA: The Forge is the volcano in my land.GA: Then why do I have him instead of you?TA: I don't know.TA: Maybe it's a space-time thing?TA: Supposedly this game needs both a space and a time player to be winnable, so it stands to reason our quests might be connected. GA: What do I have to do?TA: In regards to the Forge? I don't think you have to do anything.TA: Presumably it's my job to light it, seeing as it's in my land.TA: I'm just not really sure how yet. That's why I asked if you'd met your denizen. TA: I figure the Lord of the Forge would know how to light his forge.GA: Yeah, probably.GA: I hope it doesn't have to be lit for me to go fight him.TA: I don't think you necessarily have to fight him? My sprite said something about a choice.TA: He also said something about throwing a ring into the volcano, though, so that should probably be taken with a grain of salt.GA: ...A specific ring?TA: Probably.GA: And you don't know anything else about this.TA: Not yet.GA: Well, I'm only like five gates in, so you have time to figure out if you need me.TA: I'm only three in.TA: Like I said, I probably won't. I just found out about it and figured you should know.GA: ...Okay.GA: Thanks, then, I guess.GA: If I find any really important rings I'll let you know.TA: Thanks, Keith.GA: Yep.groundedAviator [GA] ceased pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]



> Team: Play
Chapter Notes
triple update! yeah!~



[Hunk and Pidge frowning at a puzzle diagram, surrounded by glowing flora]
[Lance peering over Keith's (annoyed) shoulder as he solves a puzzle]
[Shiro sitting in a dark pond, having obviously fallen, while Slavsprite laughs]



> Allura: Pester Hunk



crownedCenturion [CC] began pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]gearboxGourmet [GG] is offline!CC: I've been across all of your lands by now. CC: I know you are a hope player, just as I know the others' aspects.CC: Not your class, though.CC: I still don't even know your name.CC: I would think that at least one of you would have your name in your room, or at least your house, somewhere.CC: But not even CT has so much as written it in one of her textbooks.CC: I know what you look like, but not this most basic thing.CC: I am beginning to think this bothers me more than the lack of color.CC: ...Until next time, then.crownedCenturion [CC] ceased pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]



Years in the future, but only a few...
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




...a rootless wanderer searches for his son.
[RW climbing down into the flower station]
[RW gets to the console and looks at the screen, Lance is there]
[RW clicks through the screens]
[He stops on Shiro's screen, which shows him and Hunk chilling together]
[zoom on RW's shocked face]



Chapter End Notes
hey yall, quick poll: do you prefer one chapter at a time, or multiple at once? im still going to post as frequently as i can either way


> Be the Rootless Wanderer
Chapter Notes
alright well no one responded to my poll so i guess ill just post whatever
if anyones even still reading? cuz if youre all gone theres no point lmao



You are now the ROOTLESS WANDERER.
[RW freaking out]
That kid looks like your kid, but he isn't. He's in the game. But you don't remember anyone who looked like your son on Prospit's moon.
There was just the heart kid and the hope kid, and an empty room.



> RW: Reminisce
Chapter Notes
remember this guy? thats RW (aka the Rookery Warden)



[RW picturing himself in his rookery]Those were the good old days. Just you and the birds.Then you got stuck here and became a dad.[RW holding a baby on destroyed Earth]That part was pretty good too, though.



> Team: Play
Chapter Notes
i think for the most part i will post big or important things individually and small things in groups, so we can get to the plot stuff faster and with (hopefully?) better pacing.that said... its time for a 7 chapter montage. :D god i hope yall only get one email about this...



[Shiro and Hunk building a dam in Hunk's land][Keith kicking water at Lance, who flips him off but is grinning][Pidge with jetpack in the veil, meeting up with her dad. SM is there]



> Allura: Pester Pidge



crownedCenturion [CC] began pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]causticTechnocrat [CT] is offline!CC: The more I learn about this game and about you, the more I understand why you are a light player.CC: You have an absurd number of textbooks, CT.crownedCenturion [CC] ceased pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]



> Pidge: Investigate the sixth planet



[Pidge jetpacks to the sixth planet]
[She walks around the grey land]
[She looks in the grey house]



> Allura: Pester Keith



crownedCenturion [CC] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]
groundedAviator [GA] is offline!
CC: Was your bed destroyed when you began the game, or do you really sleep on this ratty old sofa?
crownedCenturion [CC] ceased pestering groundedAviator [GA]



> Keith: Wake up



[Keith wakes up on Derse's moon and flies around a bit]
[He peeks in on Pidge sleeping]
[And in another tower finds... a room full of flowers?]



> Allura: Pester Lance



crownedCenturion [CC] began pestering amorousTailor [AT]amorousTailor [AT] is offline!CC: From your room and your land, it seems to me you aspire to be an astronaut.CC: Or a pilot, at least. CC: I wonder why then you are not a space or breath player. CC: I wonder why, if you're a heart player, you were aiming for the skies. CC: Not that these things are mutually exclusive in any way, I just...CC: I wonder about all of you. CC: And your room and land are perhaps the most evocative of all of us. (Your room is the messiest, at least.)CC: What sort of person are you, AT?crownedCenturion [CC] ceased pestering amorousTailor [AT]



> Lance: Wake up



[Lance wakes up on Prospit]
[He flies out and meets up with Hunk]
[Hunk points out the sixth planet]



> Keith: Have a casual chat with Lance
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




[Keith appears in his land out of thin air, badly injured, eye computer missing][He looks up towards his quest bed]groundedAviator [GA] began pestering amorousTailor [AT]
GA: Lance.
AT: keith!
AT: long time no see
AT: (jic: thats a joke)
AT: (but youre out doing time things so maybe it isnt?)
AT: anyway 
AT: still alive out there?
AT: ...keith?
GA: Yeah, I'm alive.
AT: ...are you like
AT: good
AT: tho
GA: What?
AT: youre responding very slowly :/
GA: I guess.
AT: whats up?
AT: keeeeith
GA: What?
AT: hey man you started this conversation
AT: so im askin, whats up
AT: bc you only text first when you need something
GA: Oh.
GA: Actually I just wanted to chssddffd
AT: you wanted to what now
AT: keith????
GA: dropped my phone
AT: whyre you using your phone??
AT: .........are you okay
GA: not resllyl
GA: really
AT: shit
AT: do you need help??
AT: where are you???
GA: my plaent
GA: logcat
AT: are you anywhere near your house?
GA: i cna see it
AT: can you get there?
GA: no
AT: i think pidge is on lodaf rn, im sending her over
GA: ok
AT: hang in there buddyamorousTailor [AT] began pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]
AT: pidge youre on lodaf right
AT: you gotta get to logcat stat
AT: keiths in trouble
CT: i was on the sixth planet actually
CT: but im on my way
CT: how bad is it
AT: bad
GA: i mihht passout
GA: tell pdge to bringme up to myquestebvdasd
AT: your what?
AT: keith???
AT: KEITH?????




Chapter End Notes
:)


==>



CT: fuck
CT: its bad
AT: he said "bringme up to myquestebvdasd"
AT: i dont know what that means, but he asked me to tell you
AT: pidge?
AT: dont leave me hanging pidge i cant
AT: i cant do this
AT: pidge
AT: pidge
CT: quest bed
CT: he was halfway up the plateau thing for it
AT: ...is he okay?
CT: lance
CT: sit down, okay?
AT: oh fuck
AT: okay
AT: im sitting
AT: jsut tell me is he gnna be alright
CT: hes gonna be alright
AT: but???
CT: but hes dead right now
AT: pidge
AT: thats not funny
CT: of course its not funny what the fuck lance
CT: i just had to fucking
CT: drag my friends dead body up a hill
CT: and theres so much blood
CT: fuck
CT: its bad
CT: its really bad
CT: why would i joke about this lance
CT: hes dead i wouldnt
AT: okay
AT: okay pidge, im sorry
AT: are you going to revive him?
AT: can you??
AT: thats a thing in this game right
AT: hey you need to jet yourself over here right now okay
AT: dont look at him anymore
AT: pidge are you with me
AT: pidge
CT: im here
CT: i went downhill a bit
CT: sorry for freaking out on you
AT: its okay
CT: hes gonna be resurrected
AT: what
AT: how
CT: its part of the game
CT: if you die on your quest bed you "ascend"
AT: what does that mean
CT: it means hes gonna be alive again
CT: beyond that, i dont know
AT: are you okay??
CT: not really
CT: can i come over
AT: yes absolutely
AT: ill be by the third gate
CT: thanks lance
AT: anytime
amorousTailor [AT] ceased pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]AT: pidge says youre gonna come back to life, so
AT: let me know when youve done that, i guess
AT: i wish youd told me you were literally dying
AT: i couldve sent someone else over, or come over myself
AT: pidge sees you as a brother, yknow?
AT: and
AT: yeah
AT: its not your fault though
AT: i mean, sending pidge was my idea
AT: i dont know if you knew or if you thought of that or anything
AT: or if you didnt want me to know how bad it was?? but like
AT: i wouldnt hold that against you, what kind of asshole do you think i am??
AT: not that kind!!
AT: not to yell at you when youre. dead. fuck
AT: just tell me when youre back okay 
AT: pidge is here i gotta go
amorousTailor [AT] ceased pestering groundedAviator [GA][Pidge shows up, covered in blood]
LANCE: jesus christ
LANCE: come here
[They hug tightly. Pidge is crying]



==>
Chapter Notes
me, a master of description:



[Keith is lying on his quest bed, dead]
[All the glowy stuff happens]



> Keith: Rise up
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes







[Keith checks his pockets]
[Then he zooms off towards his planet]



Chapter End Notes
i know i said i was done w art but i couldnt not draw my boy,,


==>
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




groundedAviator [GA] began pestering amorousTailor [AT]
GA: I'm alive again.
AT: thank fucking god
GA: And I'm sorry for not telling you.
GA: I thought I could make it.
AT: water under the bridge man
AT: you should talk to pidge soon though
AT: preferably in person
AT: also not TOO soon, shes still kinda twitchy
GA: Sorry. :(
AT: apologize to her, not me
AT: but like, youre good now? youre really okay?
GA: I'm really okay.
GA: See?
[Keith sends a selfie]

AT: holy shit
AT: okay that actually makes me feel a lot better
GA: I can't believe only my literal death could make you happy to see me.
AT: wow okay no
AT: no joking about death
AT: off limits
AT: please
AT: im serious i cant do that
GA: Alright.
GA: Sorry.
AT: id be happy to see you in better circumstances too i swear, jesus
AT: how did it happen, anyway?
AT: if you dont mind me asking
GA: I was kind of out of it from blood loss, but there were a lot of ogres.
GA: I escaped through a time jump.
AT: so it hasnt actually happened yet??
GA: I did die just now, but technically, yes, the fight hasn't happened yet.
AT: so i can go over there and help you
GA: No.
AT: why not
AT: dyou think i cant handle it
AT: i can bring everyone along, we can do it together
AT: teamwork
GA: That's not why.
GA: It's a stable time loop as is.
GA: If you interfere it'll just fracture the timeline, and then we all die.
AT: what??
GA: I'm saying that things happened/will happen exactly as they're supposed to.
AT: you were supposed to die??
AT: will die??
AT: will have died????
GA: You were right the first time. And yes.
AT: huh
AT: well
AT: okay
AT: but i dont like it
GA: Me neither.
GA: It wasn't fun.
GA: The letter said this game would be dangerous, but I never thought it would actually kill me.
AT: wait hold up
AT: what letter?
GA: Oh.
GA: I don't actually know where it came from.
GA: It was hidden in the couch, so I found it when you wrecked my house.
AT: yeah, sorry about that
AT: but whos the letter from?
GA: It's signed "Allura" but I've never met anyone by that name.
GA: She knew about the game, though. She's playing too.
GA: In a different session, I guess.
GA: ...Lance?
AT: youre only mentioning this now???
GA: ...?
AT: weve known about the sixth planet for HOW long and you NEVER...?
GA: But it's inactive?
GA: And I'm pretty sure her session is affecting ours.
AT: right i guess you WERE late to that meeting 
AT: she was probs supposed to enter with us but something got fucky right?
AT: so the planet was probably GONNA be hers, if she wrote u an entire goddamn letter
GA: ...Shit.
GA: Has anyone made it there yet?
AT: pidge has
AT: and honestly i think i might have a letter too, imma go look
GA: You do that. 




Chapter End Notes
plot???? in my au?????? its more likely than you think


> Lance: Find the letter



[Lance digs up his letter from somewhere in his mess of a room]
Dear amorousTailor,
Though you are young now, someday you will play a very important game. I am playing this game now, and though I cannot tell you much about it, I do know that it is not meant to be played alone.
Therefore, I hope that you will seek out the others playing this game: thanatoidAstronaut, groundedAviator, gearboxGourmet, and causticTechnocrat. Though it seems you and I are not meant to meet, perhaps you may know them, at least. I can only hope that saying this does not interrupt the course of fate, or you may never read this letter at all.
That said, I believe that if anyone can bring everyone together, it is you. I may know little about you, but you seem the sort to care deeply for your friends, and be cared for in turn. That is a very important ability, and you and the other players will need it to claim this game's reward.
Good luck, and may we meet in the next universe.
Sincerely,
Allura




> Keith: Check in with Pidge



groundedAviator [GA] began pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]GA: Pidge, I'm sorry.CT: youre back?GA: Yeah.GA: I'm fine now.GA: Thank you, by the way.CT: uh yeah no probCT: just dont make me do it againGA: Are you okay?GA: I can come over.CT: umCT: maybe not right nowGA: Okay.GA: While we're here, though, I have a question.CT: shootGA: What is the sixth planet like?CT: its greyCT: full of big dead treesCT: there was a house but it was empty ofcGA: Did you happen to see what the bedroom(s) looked like?CT: yeah... why........GA: There's a third tower on Derse with a bedroom I don't recognize.CT: it stands to reason they would match, yesGA: Well, check when you can, I guess.CT: is that allCT: always messaging me out of the blue with weird questionsGA: 1. No. 2. What? When have I done that?CT: oh shit lol i guess you havent yetCT: its a time thingCT: forget i said anythingGA: :/GA: Anyway, when I first entered the game I found a letter from someone named Allura, who is also playing the game, and there's evidence her session is affecting ours. So she might be the one who was supposed to be on our sixth planet.CT: KEITHCT: you shouldve opened with that oh my godCT: why didnt you say something sooner??GA: I missed that team meeting, remember? I didn't make the connection.CT: ive seen your corkboard with all the stuff about the ruins keithCT: how could you possibly miss any connections everGA: Because she seemed active and the planet isn't?GA: It's not like there's anything we can do about it, anyway.GA: Or anything we should. The game seems to be running fine without her.CT: youve gone and fuckign jinxed usCT: thanks a lotGA: Sorry?GA: If there's gonna be a problem, we'll find out eventually. CT: you cant just go look huhGA: That's usually a pretty bad idea. CT: :/CT: i guess this bears investigationCT: i wonder why she sent you a letter in particularGA: Lance thought he might have one, too.GA: We might all have one.CT: ...i do have a mystery letter in a time capsule i was never allowed to openGA: Bingo.CT: brbcausticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering groundedAviator [GA]



> Pidge: Read the letter



[Pidge looks over into the closet, where theres a shoebox time capsule on the shelf]

Dear causticTechnocrat,

It is strange to write this to you, seeing you now as an infant, but you will grow--and, someday, be old enough to play this game. There is so much I cannot tell you, for fear you won't receive this letter and learn even this much, and I may never be able to tell you more, but I can tell you this, now:

You should seek out the others here: thanatoidAstronaut, groundedAviator, amorousTailor, and gearboxGourmet. While I know you and I will never meet before this game, you may yet know them. I hope so. This game was not meant to be played alone.

I hope you will also use your knowledge, expansive as it must be, to help them. This game may be difficult but there is to be some great reward at the end, and it is only with your help that we may claim it. Do not let fear hold you back; there is nothing you will not be able to overcome, so long as you learn all you can.

Good luck, and may we meet in the next universe.

Sincerely,

Allura




==>
Chapter Notes
waddup yall im what the kids call exhausted



amorousTailor [AT] began pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]
AT: hunk my dude
AT: do you happen to have
AT: a mysterious letter
AT: from someone named allura
GG: sounds kinda familiar
GG: i'll go look? i think i know where it is
AT: ok brb while you do that
amorousTailor [AT] ceased pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]amorousTailor [AT] began pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]
AT: shiro
AT: do you have a letter from allura too
AT: shiro are you there
AT: shirooooo
AT: shiro this is important
AT: keith and i do and hunk might too
AT: and if their letters are anything like mine they predicted this game
AT: which means allura was probably supposed to be on our sixth planet
AT: ...
AT: okay get back to me whenever you see this k
amorousTailor [AT] ceased pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]causticTechnocrat [CT] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]
CT: yeah i found a letter
CT: does lance have one
GA: He hasn't gotten back to me yet.
GA: Wait no he has, hang on.AT: yeah so i do have a letter and hunks looking for one
GA: Pidge has one, too.
GA: Did you ask Shiro yet?
AT: yeah but hes not responding :/
GA: Hm.
AT: hes probably asleep or smth
GA: I'll go check on him.
groundedAviator [GA] ceased pestering amorousTailor [AT]GA: Yes, Lance has a letter, and apparently Hunk might too.
GA: I'm gonna go check on Shiro.
CT: k
groundedAviator [GA] ceased pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]



> Hunk: Read the letter



[Hunk looks down at his letter]

Dear gearboxGourmet,
I am writing you this letter to tell you that someday, you will play a very important game. You are young now, and I do not know when you will read this, if at all--there is so little I can tell you.
Until the game begins, however, there is one thing you can and ought to do. Contact the other players: thanatoidAstronaut, groundedAviator, amorousTailor, and causticTechnocrat. I hope they will become your friends, so that you need not play this game alone, as I am.
Most importantly, do not be afraid! Though the game may seem scary and dangerous, I know you will make it through just fine. You seem like the kind of person who can find a solution to any problem; this is a very important skill, and your fellow players will need your encouragement. Nothing is impossible! In the end, when the game is won, it will all be worth it.
Good luck, and may we meet in the next universe.
Sincerely,
Allura




==>



gearboxGourmet [GG] began pestering amorousTailor [AT]GG: i have a letter!AT: apparently everyone doesAT: except shiro whos asleep or smthAT: i dunno what this all means but im feelin like if you and pidge put your big brains together youll figure it outGG: that's pretty much what we do, yeah.GG: i'll let you know what we figure out!AT: thanks buddy ilyGG: ily too. :)gearboxGourmet [GG] ceased pestering amorousTailor [AT]
gearboxGourmet [GG] began pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]GG: Pidge.CT: hunkGG: Allura?CT: alluraGG: i'm coming over for discussion.CT: bring your letterGG: obviously.gearboxGourmet [GG] ceased pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]



> Allura: Pester Shiro



crownedCenturion [CC] began pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]thanatoidAstronaut [TA] is offline!CC: I'm sorry to say that, for a while, I though you must be a... rather boring person, TA.CC: But I've just discovered the taxidermy in your basement, so I guess I was wrong. crownedCenturion [CC] ceased pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]



> Keith: Find Shiro



groundedAviator [GA] began pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]GA: Shiro?GA: Where are you? I can't find you on lodaf.GA: Shiro???GA: ...groundedAviator [GA] ceased pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA] 
groundedAviator [GA] began pestering gearboxGourmet [GG] GA: Have you seen Shiro?GG: no, why?GG: keith?GG: why do you guys always leave me hanging? :(
groundedAviator [GA] began pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]GA: Have you seen Shiro?CT: no but i can probably find himCT: gimme a secGA: Okay.
[Pidge and Hunk look at her computer]

CT: huh

CT: hes on derse

GA: What's he doing there??

GA: I thought he was a Prospit dreamer.

CT: yeah i dunno

CT: all i can tell is that hes not currently using his headset or phone

CT: technically all i can tell is that his phone is on derse

CT: but presumably hes with it

GA: Thanks, I guess.

GA: ...How do I get to Derse?




==>
Chapter Notes
on occasion, i forget this fic exists... sorry! ^^;

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





GA: Pidge, I'm on Derse.
GA: We have a problem.
GA: A couple of problems actually.
CT: lay it on me
GA: There's no black king.
GA: I don't know how much of a problem that is, actually.
GA: But he's missing.
GA: The archagent is on the battlefield instead.
GA: There's supposed to be a king, but he's just never existed, apparently. No queen, either. Not really sure who's running things right now.
CT: huh
CT: i dont know how much of a problem that is either
CT: what else
GA: Shiro is imprisoned on Derse.
CT: WHAT
GA: He's okay!
GA: I just talked to him.
GA: It was a misunderstanding, we're trying to clear things up now.
CT: what the hell kind of misunderstanding
GA: Trespassing? Or something?
GA: I think they didn't know he was a player.
GA: We're working through paperwork right now. :/

[Keith is threatening a bunch of Dersites with his sword]
GA: But the archagent is usually the one to handle paperwork so it's even more of a hassle than paperwork usually is.
CT: wow
CT: fun
GA: Lots.
GA: I got him back his gadgets, at least, for now.
GA: Might just break him out if this takes too long.
CT: godspeed.
groundedAviator [GA] ceased pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]
GA: Sorry.
GA: I found him.
GG: yeah i know, a little bird told me. ;)
GA: Pidge?
GG: yeup.
GG: thanks though!
GA: No problem.
groundedAviator [GA] ceased pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]
thanatoidAstronaut [TA] began pestering amorousTailor [AT]
TA: Sorry, I was a little occupied.
TA: Yes, I had a letter from Allura, too.
TA: And yes, I think she mentioned the game, but I haven't read it in a while and I'm pretty sure I don't have it anymore.
TA: Is she our missing player?
AT: possibly!
AT: pidge is on the case (^w^)b
TA: So you're allowed to use text faces and I'm not?
AT: its lame when you do it
AT: i mean that in the nicest way possible
TA: ...Right.
thanatoidAstronaut [TA] ceased pestering amorousTailor [AT]
AT: >>;



Chapter End Notes
to be clear, the only reason keith is bothering with "paperwork" is that shiro insisted on no murder :)


Years in the past...
Chapter Notes
squints why did i put this here...



[The White Queen is with the Black King, holding a small bird and a note]
[Terrified bird flying amidst horrorterrors]
[The Black Queen is on her throne]
[The bird approaches, carrying the note]
[The bird drops the note on the Queen's lap]
[The Queen reads the note...]
[And throws it down in anger]
[She takes a Prospitian sword off a display and stalks off, but is confronted by the archagent, who merely shrugs. He has backup]



> Keith: Rescue Shiro
Chapter Notes
edit: NOW FEAT ART thanks to @phatrat! you can reblog it here!!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes










Chapter End Notes

i wouldve liked to draw this one but i didnt have the time :'o

original chapter content bc i feel weird about just deleting it even tho its just... describing the pic: [Keith angrily princess-carries Shiro away from Derse. Shiro looks nervous. There are loose papers and shouting Dersites behind them]


==>
Chapter Notes
hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh



thanatoidAstronaut [TA] began pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]TA: I don't know how much Keith told you, but I'm back on LODAF.CT: did he actually for real do paperworkTA: Haha, no. He broke me out.CT: i expected nothing lessCT: youre ok?TA: Yes, I'm okay.CT: goodCT: thxTA: Of course. :)causticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]
thanatoidAstronaut [TA] began pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]TA: I don't know how much Keith told you, but I'm back on LODAF.GG: oh good!! are you okay??TA: Yes, I'm okay!GG: were you seriously kidnapped?GG: like, how??TA: They tricked me. :(TA: They said a bunch of my consorts were being attacked.GG: and you believed them.TA: I WAS suspicious. But I had to go look, just in case.TA: ...They were lying.GG: funny, that.TA: :(GG: sorry, i just can't believe you fell for it. :')GG: no harm done, at least?TA: Keith may have harmed a few Dersites. GG: well, they kidnapped you.GG: they're lucky he didn't blow up the whole planet.TA: He wouldn't--yeah, he would. You're right.GG: I'm always right. :)TA: Heh.GG: anyway gtg but i'm glad you're okay!TA: Thanks, Hunk.gearboxGourmet [GG] ceased pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]
thanatoidAstronaut [TA] began pestering amorousTailor [AT]TA: I don't know how much Keith told you, but I'm back on LODAF.AT: lmao he told me nothing? AT: nothing abt u anywayAT: i didnt even know u WERENT on lodafTA: Oh, never mind then.AT: hmmm nopeAT: so where were you?TA: Nowhere in particular.AT: listen i can hear it from you or i can hear it from keithAT: which do you preferTA: What makes you think Keith will tell you?TA: He didn't tell you I was missing.AT: shiro literally ill just ask him and it wont even occur to him not to tell meTA: ...I hate to admit it, but you're right.AT: :DAT: besides, we ARE friendsTA: Really? Since when?AT: "since when" he saysTA: That was a genuine question, actually.TA: I thought you still had that rivalry thing going on.AT: ohAT: huhAT: i dunno actually, it just kinda happenedAT: but yeah i guess we really are friends nowTA: That's really good to hear, Lance. :)TA: Or read, as the case may be.AT: yeah yeahAT: but back to my pointAT: where were you?TA: :/TA: Derse.TA: In prison.TA: For trespassing.AT: TRESPASSINGAT: you deviant, youAT: did keith break you outTA: Yes.AT: yesssAT: for the recordAT: im literally picturing him throwing you over his shoulderAT: like in shrekTA: ...AT: except if it was fiona carrying shrek instead of the other way around bc hes smaller than uAT: just like busting outta there all badassAT: sword in one hand and you in the otherAT: so am i rightTA: I didn't know you thought of Keith that way, Lance.AT: wowwww nvm byeamorousTailor [AT] ceased pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]TA: :)



One year ago, give or take a few days...



[Flashback to Shiro and Matt walking down the street, a meteor incoming]
[Matt shoves Shiro out of the way]
[The meteor lands, and the letter that was on it drifts down onto Shiro's chest]
[Later, Shiro is in a hospital room, sans arm, and he finds a letter on his bedside]
[He picks it up to read it]

Dear thanatoidAstronaut,
Someday, you will play a very important game. I cannot tell you much about it, though I'd like to; I suspect revealing too much would allow fate to keep you from reading this until it's too late. This is my only chance to contact you, even though we will ostensibly play this game together.
While I am alone here, you may yet be able to meet with the rest: groundedAviator, amorousTailor, gearboxGourmet, and causticTechnocrat. I hope you will seek them out, when you are old enough, and then at least you will have each other. This game is meant for friends, after all.
I suspect you will have misgivings, when you get the opportunity to play; I did. I hope you will set them aside. There is a great deal at stake, and, I understand, an incredible reward, and you will be integral to our victory. Once you have entered the game, only then must you be cautious; as my father used to say, patience yields focus. So much will rest on your shoulders, small as they are now as I write this.
Good luck, and may we meet in the next universe.
Sincerely,
Allura

[Shiro grimaces and tears the letter apart with one hand and his teeth, and tosses it aside]



> Lance: Pester Keith
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




amorousTailor [AT] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]AT: okay we got distracted yesterday because of allura and shiro and allAT: but i meant to askAT: whats with the new threads?GA: What?AT: your outfitGA: Oh.GA: That's part of the god tier thing.GA: It's got the time symbol on it.GA: By the way, start carrying a phone or something on your dreamself. It'll make things easier if/when you ascend.AT: god tier??? ascend?????GA: ...Have you been paying any attention to your echeladder?AT: yeah????????GA: Well, god tiers are the next step.AT: so youre a higher level than meGA: Yes.AT: >:/GA: Only because I died, though.GA: Lance?AT: i dont fucking know how this game works ://///GA: Okay.GA: If you die, your dreamself takes over.GA: Except either someone has to kiss you, or you have to be on your quest bed.GA: If it's the second one, you reach god tier. Otherwise I guess you just keep going like usual.AT: lemme get this straightAT: kissing is literally in the game mechanicsAT: but id be too dead to enjoy it???GA: That's what you got out of that??AT: i dont know how i feel about someone kissing my corpse!!AT: thats a little weird!!!AT: i wanna at least be alive to enjoy it!!!!GA: I'm sure someone out there is willing to kiss you while you're alive, Lance.AT: WHO???GA: I don't know.GA: I was rolling my eyes as I typed that.GA: Just so you know.AT: rude :///amorousTailor [AT] ceased pestering groundedAviator [GA]
amorousTailor [AT] began pestering groundedAviator [GA] AT: wait hold onAT: how do you knowAT: i meanAT: you didnt say the someone wasnt youAT: keithAT: keithGA: I said I didn't know who would.AT: but do you want toGA: Do YOU want to?GA: I thought I'd be the last person you'd want to kiss.AT: not the LAST personAT: ...but, point takenamorousTailor [AT] ceased pestering groundedAviator [GA]
amorousTailor [AT] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]AT: wAIT HOLD UP YOU STILL DIDNT DENY ITAT: KEITHGA: Is this really important right now?AT: YES OR NO KEITHGA: No, I don't want to kiss you, Lance.AT: okayAT: okay coolamorousTailor [AT] ceased pestering groundedAviator [GA]
groundedAviator [GA] began pestering amorousTailor [AT]GA: I would if you died, though.GA: To revive you.AT: wellAT: thanks i guessGA: No problem.groundedAviator [GA] ceased pestering amorousTailor [AT]



Chapter End Notes
fuckin dumbasses :')


> Be the Conciliatory Rover.
Chapter Notes
hello! im back from vacation!!



[CR and the mysterious human from behind, at the console, fistbumping]
Your new friend is pretty handy. He got this place working again, with one condition. You drop him off at a specific location first.
[The ring is jetting through the air]
You figure it's been this long already. A little detour can't hurt.
[Ring sets down by something white in the sand, the human hops out]
Now you can finally complete your quest.



> Be the other exile.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




[The human enters the tower station]
[He goes to the console, brushes away some sand]
[This awakens the console, showing Pidge on the screen]
[He touches the screen]
[He types: Katie, I'm here.]



Chapter End Notes
:)
happy chapter 100!!!


==>



causticTechnocrat [CT] began pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]CT: do you think theres any way matt could have survived?TA: Pidge...CT: forget it, it was a stupid questionCT: im just shaken from keith dying or whateverCT: imagining thingsTA: KEITH DIED???CT: oh... he didnt tell you?CT: uhCT: ill leave you to discuss that with him thencausticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]
thanatoidAstronaut [TA] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]TA: YOU DIED???GA: Shit, who told you?GA: Was it Lance? He's usually good about not getting involved.TA: A little bird told me. Does it matter??GA: Dammit, Pidge.TA: Don't change the subject.
groundedAviator [GA] began pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]GA: Dammit, Pidge.CT: sorry!!!!!CT: i thought you wouldve told him!!!!!CT: good luck!!!!!!!causticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering groundedAviator [GA]
TA: Keith, don't ignore me.TA: We need to talk about this.TA: Keith!GA: Sorry I didn't tell you, I was kinda distracted by you being in fucking jail.GA: And obviously I'm not dead anymore, so it's not that big a deal.TA: Not that big a deal????TA: You died!!!GA: I was supposed to.GA: Probably everyone will at some point.TA: You can time travel. Can't you go back and prevent yourself from dying?GA: I literally just said I was supposed to die.GA: If I tried to change anything I'd only end up trapping us all in a doomed timeline.TA: What does that even mean?GA: It's a dead end.GA: The game becomes unwinnable and there's nothing we can do about it.GA: Either we all die, or we keep existing, but there's no point to it. There's no way out.GA: We're in the right timeline now because we're still progressing.GA: Even if that means dying temporarily.GA: It's like a Greek myth or something. You go to the underworld and come back stronger or whatever.GA: What's the word, the really long weird one? Begins with A? Apo-something.TA: ...........Apotheosis?GA: Yeah, I think it's that.TA: That's when you make someone a god.GA: Yeah.GA: It's called god tier for a reason.TA: Oh.TA: So you're... a god now? Literally?GA: I guess so? Kind of.GA: I'm stronger than I was before. I don't know how much more control I have yet.TA: Are you immortal now?GA: I can still be killed.GA: But if it wasn't "heroic" or "just" I'll come back.GA: No, I don't know what those mean, so don't ask.TA: I can guess.TA: This game goes much deeper than I expected.TA: I guess part of me still thought we were, I don't know, in some kind of simulation.TA: Or a coma dream or something. I don't know.TA: You really died?GA: Felt pretty real, yeah.TA: :(GA: Sorry I didn't tell you.TA: I can understand why you didn't. Sorry for blowing up at you like that.GA: It's fine.GA: But be careful out there, okay?TA: Of course.TA: You, too, even if you can come back.GA: Believe me, I don't want to die again.TA: Well... good.GA: Yeah.GA: ...Was there something else?TA: No...TA: I'm just not sure how to end a conversation like this.GA: Do you want me to come over again so you can see how alive I still am?TA: How'd you know?GA: 'Cause you're you.GA: See you soon.groundedAviator [GA] ceased pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]



==>
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




[Shiro and Keith do the hugging thing again]

SHIRO: So, I hear you and Lance are friends now.
KEITH: Why do you sound like you're looking for gossip?
SHIRO: Because he knew you'd died before I did.
KEITH: That's because I messaged him while I was bleeding out. I probably left him traumatized.
KEITH: ...Actually, no, he bounced back pretty quick. 
SHIRO: You thought you were dying, and he's the first one you reached out to?
KEITH: I knew I was dying, and I knew it'd be temporary if I got to my quest bed.
KEITH: You weren't gonna be practical about it. No offense. 
SHIRO: ...
SHIRO: Keith. How exactly do you feel about Lance?
KEITH: I'm... still figuring that out.
SHIRO: ...Okay.
SHIRO: Good luck.
KEITH: Thanks.
KEITH: I think I'm gonna need it.




Chapter End Notes
well at least hes aware of it...


> Be Matt.



[Mysterious human's face: it's Matt, obviously]
Your name is Matt Holt, and you are very much alive.
[He rewinds through Pidge's feed and sees Colleen in danger of annihilation via meteor]
Right now, though, you're concerned with making sure your mom stays alive, too.
[Matt turns to the nearby Appearifier]
Maybe you can save her the way you were saved.



Elsewhere...
Chapter Notes
rlly hope i posted these close enough together that yall get only one email about it >>;; id only planned on one tonight but ive been slacking lately haha



[The ship and ring stations both land near a ruined temple...]



> Pidge: Wake up



[Pidge wakes up on Derse's moon]
[And looks to the sky and its horrorterrors]
[Part of the sky, though, is.... empty?]



> Matt: Save her.



[Matt fiddling with the Appearifier]
Man, knowing that you can set a time on these things doesn't help the feeling you're running out of time. Still, even with all the time in the world...
[Hand on a dial]
You have to get it...
[Zoom on dial, turn a little]
Juuuust...
[Screen shows a very precise time, image grainy and frozen moments before impact]
...right. 
[He hits appearify button]



> Allura: Face your denizen
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




[Allura is facing Yaldabaoth]
[But then she lowers her weapon and her head]
[She kneels]



Chapter End Notes
its times like this when im really glad i stopped drawing shit :V


> Keith: Pester Lance
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




groundedAviator [GA] began pestering amorousTailor [AT]GA: Lance.AT: keith.GA: What's your personal quest?AT: youve been over how many times and youre just asking nowGA: Humor me.AT: kAT: according to my sprite, its "revealing the ocean's heart"AT: which actually means gliding from island to island solving puzzles about frogs, that somehow stop machines from dumping stuff into the ocean or somethingAT: also collecting pearls?AT: its a little vagueGA: Huh.AT: why? whats yours?GA: Running from dome to dome solving puzzles about frogs, that turn on gas vents.GA: Which start dumping stuff into the atmosphere, you might say.AT: hahaha reallyAT: is that the terraforming part thenAT: i know you use the geiger counters to find radioactive stuffGA: To power the vents, yeah.AT: wildAT: your land knows what its about i guessGA: Yours doesn't?AT: i mean, i guess?AT: pearls ARE caused by bits of stuff getting into oysters, right? so im likeAT: cleaning upAT: and i wouldnt say ive gotten to the heart yet but the ocean sort of has a pulse now, yknow?AT: i mean, there are tidesAT: so yeahAT: and the smell is clearing up so its starting to be really pretty here actuallyAT: especially from a gliderGA: Can you show me?AT: ?AT: you can hop through your second gate and come see for yourself anytime?GA: That's... not what I mean.AT: then i dunno what youre askingGA: Uh...AT: spit it out buddyAT: were cool now right?AT: were friends?AT: keeeith?GA: I want to hang out...?AT: are you... not sure or somethingAT: was that really that hard to askAT: youre confusing me D:GA: I want to hang out.GA: I'm sure.AT: wellAT: okay, sure?AT: come over, we can hang outAT: and i can show you my newly clean beaches or whateverGA: :)AT: yeah :) right back at you manAT: maybe more of a <:) bc im confused as heck butAT: :)groundedAviator [GA] ceased pestering amorousTailor [AT]AT: ...and then you just leaveAT: alrighty thenAT: i hope youre gonna be a less confusing conversationalist in personAT: hahaha who am i kidding, youre keithAT: oops youre here already
[Keith floats over from a nearby gate]

KEITH: Hi.

LANCE: hey man

KEITH: It's a lot quieter here.

LANCE: looking to escape the noise?

KEITH: I guess?

[They both look out at the ocean]

LANCE: ...lonely?

KEITH: ...Kinda.

KEITH: Would it be weird if I said dying put some things in perspective for me?

LANCE: nah

LANCE: that makes perfect sense




Chapter End Notes
theyre getting there..... slowly.........
oh yeah anyone wanna draw allura going god tier for me?? thats a thing. hmu.


> Matt: Appearify
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




[Colleen appears]
Yes!
[Matt jumping for joy, Colleen stunned]
[She's crying, reaching for him, as he smiles and a single tear rolls down his cheek]
[They hug tightly]
You have a lot of explaining to do.



Chapter End Notes
in retrospect maybe matts stuff is kind of unclear? idk let me know if you dont know whats going on


==>



[Allura is dead]
[Yaldabaoth leaves her planet to fill the hole in the horrorterrors]
[Alforsprite comes and lifts her body]



==>
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




gearboxGourmet [GG] began pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]
GG: hey Shiro?
GG: are you busy right now?
TA: Not especially.
TA: Why? Is something wrong?
GG: it's not an emergency or anything!
GG: i was just wondering if you could give me a hand with something?
TA: I can give you two hands, in fact, as long as you don't mind that one is still attached. :D
GG: SHIRO!
GG: i'm laughing, but that was awful.
TA: Hahaha
TA: What did you need my help with?
GG: just like, mechanical stuff.
GG: carrying things around and putting them in place, basically.
GG: it's not like anything's very heavy, it's just unwieldy.
GG: (and my consorts are terrible conversationalists...)
TA: Oh! Okay, I'll be right over. You're on LODAD, then?
GG: you don't have to come right away! i just thought i'd ask.
TA: No, I could use a break. I'm happy to. :)
GG: okay! yes, i'm on lodad. 
GG: and thanks!!! :D
GG: i'll help you with your stuff later in return, if you want?
TA: That'd be great. :)
TA: See you soon!
thanatoidAstronaut [TA] ceased pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]



Chapter End Notes
ok but actually does anyone wanna draw god tier allura for me i have a budget of like... idk up to $15 for thisalso!! theres a bunch of stuff happening now and soon and it was suggested i do a recap at some point? so i probably will... after a bit more stuff happens, bc i think some explanation might help this bit of the story anyway haha....


==>



[Alforsprite gently deposits Allura on her quest bed]



==>



[Lance flipping off a flying Keith]
LANCE: groundedAviator more like GROSS ASSHOLE
LANCE: stop showing off and get back down here, jerk
KEITH: Heh.
KEITH: amorousTailor more like
KEITH: Uh.
LANCE: yeah?
LANCE: lay it on me, bro
LANCE: gimme your worst
LANCE: come on
LANCE: do it keith
LANCE: do it
LANCE: *palpatine voice* DEW IT
KEITH: Awful tool.
KEITH: >:)
LANCE: OOOHHHHH
LANCE: OOOHHH, BURN
LANCE: damn, i just got roasted
LANCE: how will i ever recover
KEITH: You're making fun of me.
LANCE: always <3
KEITH: ???
KEITH: How did you do that with your face?
LANCE: magic
KEITH: I believe it.
LANCE: lmao




> Allura: Rise up
Chapter Notes
todays art by tomatowithteeth/pastryrot!!!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes






[Allura flies back to her planet]



Chapter End Notes
yep - allura is the muse of blood!


==>



amorousTailor [AT] began pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]AT: yooo hunkAT: whats up how ya beenGG: i'm hanging out with Shiro!AT: niceGG: i bet you're with Keith, aren't you? :)AT: that is the least innocent smiley face ive ever seenAT: why ya gotta be like thisGG: what kind of friend am i if i don't tease you about your crush?AT: okay first of all noAT: second of all WHAT IF HED SEEN THAT OVER MY SHOULDER MAN, NOT COOLAT: im gonna start teasing you in retaliationGG: good luck, i pine for no one.AT: lmao like that mattersAT: so. hanging out with shiro huh? 8)GG: Lance.AT: having fun are youAT: watching him and his big muscles lift things for youGG: oh my god.AT: i bet youre into guys than can win against you in an arm wrestling matchAT: hes definitely your typeAT: pretty and nice and fucking jackedGG: i'm starting to think you're the one into him.AT: lmao first of all who wouldnt beAT: like, i have eyes. i can appreciate even if keith (apparently) has my heart (according to you)AT: second of all, dont change the subjectAT: has he solved any puzzles for you latelyAT: if you know what i mean ',:)GG: wtfAT: ,':)AT: ',:)AT: ,':)GG: are you waggling your eyebrows? is that what's happening here??AT: ;)GG: i'm gonna go now.AT: be safe! use protection~!amorousTailor [AT] ceased pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]GG: LANCE!



==>



[Allura rejoins Alforsprite and Coran]
[There is a tearful reunion]



==>
Chapter Notes
weve got a liiiiittle bit more plot and then that recap i mentioned, so if youre a little confused... hang in there, its like 5 chapters away :P



[Lance and Keith part ways. Both are trying not to be obviously reluctant about it]
[Lance lies down to take a nap]
[Keith goes back to his land]



> Be the Rookery Warden.
Chapter Notes
because some of you have expressed interest in drawing things that havent been posted yet: there are still quite a lot of scenes id like illustrated! many are very spoilery, so im not just gonna list them here, but feel free to hmu privately if you wanna know more (tumblr is your best bet but im also on twitter @arete_nike). and yes, a couple of them i AM willing to pay for, just know theyre gonna be. more complex.and minor spoilers but yes, everyones gonna go god tier, so the rest of the gang is up for grabs...



[RW staring boggled at a note, bird on his arm]You've just gotten an incredible message. A message you never thought you'd get, not in your wildest dreams.Speaking of dreams, you need to tell one of the Princes, immediately.[RW scribbles down a note, then gives it to a bird][The bird swoops out towards LODAD]



> Lance: Look at the clouds
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




[Lance's dreamself is holding his phone]
[He looks up at the clouds and sees his god tier self kneeling next to white-haired Shiro]
[He's confused about this, naturally]
[And then he wakes up suddenly and finds he's been shanked by an imp]



Chapter End Notes
rip lance


> Keith: Face your denizen



[Keith standing with sword in hand, looking up at Hephaestus]
[...And then he lowers his sword, confused]
[And then he turns and walks away, still confused]



> Hunk: Receive a note
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




[Hunk looks up, confused, as a bird swoops down and drops a note]
[He catches it and reads it with raised eyebrows]
gearboxGourmet [GG] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]
GG: hey Keith, are you on Skaia right now?
GA: No, why?
GG: darn.
GG: a little bird just told me Prospit won the war.
GA: Pidge?
GG: no, a literal bird. it had a note.
GA: Huh.
GG: i'm just worried it could be a trap or something, like with Shiro, y'know?
GG: not that the note says to go anywhere.
GG: but i figured if you were still on Skaia you'd be able to actually see if they were fighting or not.
GA: Fair enough.
GA: I can head up there and check it out.
GG: no rush! just whenever you happen to be there next...
GA: Hunk, I have plenty of time.
GG: OH MAN YOU SURE DO
GG: hahaha yep. okay. let me know?
GA: Will do.
groundedAviator [GA] ceased pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]
[Keith heading towards Skaia... but then his computer monocle thing gets a message from Lance and he stops]



Chapter End Notes
next chapter is the recap!


RECAP
Chapter Summary
This is the promised recap chapter. If you feel like you know what's going on, feel free to skip this one!



Starting at the beginning... Everyone receives the game at the same time: Allura, via a USB stick left to her by her father, and everyone else, via a file Pidge compiled from code Keith found in a ruin in the desert. Allura starts immediately, and, due to a mysterious glitch, is her own server player. The rest of the gang, beginning with Shiro and Keith, start a few days later.
Keith gets Shiro in, to the Land of Darkness and Frogs. Lance gets Keith in, to the Land of Geiger Counters and Terraforming. Pidge gets Lance in, to the Land of Pearls and Gliders. Hunk gets Pidge in, to the Land of Libraries and Bioluminescence. And Shiro gets Hunk in, to the Land of Drought and Drains.
Pidge's dad comes with her into the game, but her mom mysteriously vanishes into the future. Later, Pidge tries to prototype her sprite with a lock of Matt's hair, but it doesn't work--Matt is dead (supposedly) because of an incident about a year earlier involving a meteor, which also lost Shiro his arm (and gained him a letter from Allura, briefly, but we don't see that till later). Everyone has a small crisis about this situation, after which Keith finds his own (vague) letter from Allura about the game.
Elsewhere, on an unknown planet, Allura is playing the game with the help of her father (now in sprite form) and Coran. She wakes up on Derse's moon, which is gray instead of purple, and finds Keith's laptop; she gets everyone's chumhandles from his chumroll. She realizes she might not be alone--but, upon exploring, finds that everyone's lands are as gray as Derse was.
Sam ends up on Prospit with the Sacred Medic. SM asks the Rookery Warden to send a message to one of the other players that he's safe, which Lance receives.
On Earth, in the future, the Conciliatory Rover makes a new friend, one of three humans on Earth currently (time shenanigans notwithstanding). Elsewhere, the Becalmed Queller is throwing a tantrum; notably, she still has her ring. This is about where regular illustration ended!
Allura notices that Derse's castle's spires are all lit up, meaning everyone got into the game after all... just not with her. Future!Keith tells Pidge to tell Sam to build a couple of transportalizers, which SM will help with. Hunk wakes up on Prospit's moon and notices their session has a sixth, gray planet, and the team has a fruitless meeting about it that Keith misses. On Earth, a Rootless Wanderer goes looking for his son and notices Shiro looks an awful lot like him, but he doesn't recognize Shiro as a player--or at least, not a Derse dreamer. Also, he raised his son from an infant. Keith wakes up on Derse's moon and finds Pidge and Allura's rooms, and Lance wakes up on Prospit's moon with Hunk, meaning Shiro's dreamself is unaccounted for. These things will be important later.
Keith finally mentions Allura's letter, spurring Lance, Hunk, and Pidge to find similar letters. Shiro is missing, and turns up on Derse, which is missing both black monarchs. He did have a letter, though, which he tells Lance about before Keith breaks him out of Derse jail.
The Black Queen was exiled a while back by the Black King and the White Queen, who were able to send a bird messenger to BQ from wherever they are...
CR drops the mysterious human *cough*Matt*cough* off somewhere on his way to complete his unknown quest. Matt then messages Pidge... who then inadvertently informs Shiro Keith died earlier, oops. He then appearifies his mom to save her from getting dragged into the game and/or crushed by a meteor. Meanwhile, CR and BQ's stations both land at the ruined temple.
Pidge finally wakes up on Derse's moon, looks towards the horrorterrors, and finds a big empty space in the middle of them. Meanwhile, Allura faces her denizen, Yaldabaoth, who I am very glad I didn't have to draw, and makes her Choice--sacrificing her life. With Allura dead, Yaldabaoth goes to fill that aforementioned hole in the horrorterrors; Alfor brings her to her quest bed and she arises as the Muse of Blood.
RW gets a shocking note! He passes it on to Hunk: Prospit has won the war on Skaia. Lance takes a nap and cloudgazes until he gets stabbed. Keith tries to face his denizen but... gets rejected? He's on his way to Skaia to check on that war thing, but the recently-stabbed Lance has just messaged him. And we're all caught up! On with the show!



==>



amorousTailor [AT] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]AT: heyyyy keithAT: howd you find your quest bedGA: My consorts told me about it.GA: ...Why?GA: You're not planning on suicide, are you?AT: no!AT: just wonderinGA: Really.AT: reallyGA: I leave you alone for five minutes... You're not on the brink of death or anything, are you?AT: noGA: And you don't need any help getting there?AT: whoa dudeAT: thought u werent into the rivalry thingGA: To your quest bed, not death!! Jesus, Lance.AT: ohAT: uhAT: i can make itGA: So you ARE injured.AT: nnnyeah a bitGA: Badly enough you're looking for your quest bed.AT: just umAT: in caseGA: I'm coming over.AT: kamorousTailor [AT] ceased pestering groundedAviator [GA]



==>
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




[Lance is hunched over his wounds, looking up to his quest bed plateau]
[Keith shows up and just picks him right up and flies him there]
[Lance lies down on his quest bed. Keith is still there]

LANCE: ...hey
KEITH: Yeah?
LANCE: didnt you say youd kiss me if i was dying
KEITH: Guess I'll owe you one, then.
LANCE: okay
LANCE: thats cool
LANCE: godhood here i come
LANCE: can you maybe like
LANCE: not watch me die, tho
LANCE: its weird
KEITH: You really want to be alone right now?
LANCE: kinda
KEITH: I didn't.
KEITH: Why do you think I messaged you?
LANCE: oh
LANCE: okay
LANCE: i guess you can stay
LANCE: if you want
KEITH: I'll stay.




Chapter End Notes
art next chap!


==>
Chapter Notes
art by bromelle!!!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes







[Lance dies]
[Keith gets up to leave]

KEITH: See you on Skaia, Lance.

[He flies off]
groundedAviator [GA] began pestering gearboxGourmet [GG] GA: Can you check in with Lance in like 10 minutes?GG: ...sure?GG: i thought you guys were good now though, why are you asking me?GA: We're fine.GA: I'm just a little preoccupied right now.GG: and later isn't an option because...?GG: you're the time guy, remember?GA: I think it's better if it's you this time.GG: ...alright...GG: did you make it to Skaia?GA: On my way now.GG: okay cool.gearboxGourmet [GG] ceased pestering groundedAviator [GA]



Chapter End Notes

posted this chapter w/o half its content like a dumbass bye



> Lance: Rise up
Chapter Notes
art again by bromelle!!!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes







[Lance pats his pockets(?) like Keith did, but he actually has his phone; he takes it out]



Chapter End Notes
page of heart!!
you had to know that if anyone was gonna be pantsless, itd be lance ;D


==>
Chapter Notes
god i didnt have time to get on my computer for like 3 days straight,, save me



gearboxGourmet [GG] began pestering amorousTailor [AT]GG: hey Lance!GG: Keith asked me to check in on you?GG: how are you doing?AT: oh hey hunkAT: imAT: great, i guess?AT: feel kinda weirdAT: floatyAT: i guess thats to be expectedAT: and i cant believe keith was right about carrying a phone lolGG: ????GG: why would you expect that, what phone, what's going on????AT: keith didnt tell you?GG: nooo????AT: umAT: i kinda just diedAT: on my quest bed though! so now im god tier tooGG: ........was Keith there?AT: yeahAT: is he being weird about itGG: oh my god did he watch you die?AT: yeah??AT: he offered to stay though, like, i didnt force him toGG: hm :/AT: hunk, whats upGG: idk...GG: i think he was just kinda bothered by it.GG: i think you should talk to him.AT: uh yeah okayAT: ill do thatGG: go get your man! ;)gearboxGourmet [GG] ceased pestering amorousTailor [AT]AT: HAVE YOU LEARNED NOTHING



==>
Chapter Notes
art byyyy sanviro!!



[Keith is wandering Skaia; he looks up and Lance is floating there above him]
[Lance lands and looks kinda shy, Keith kinda just stares at him]
[Then Lance holds open his arms for a hug]
[And Keith hesitates at first, but...]






==>
Chapter Notes
and back to your regularly scheduled plot



[Keith and Lance holding hands on Skaia]
[They reach a battlefield. In front of them is the archagent. He's pretty dead]

KEITH: I think that's the archagent.
LANCE: he looks pretty dead
KEITH: Yeah.
KEITH: I guess Hunk was right.
LANCE: about what?
KEITH: Prospit won the war.
LANCE: is that good?
KEITH: I don't think so.

groundedAviator [GA] began pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]
GA: I think your little bird was right.
GG: are you sure?
GA: It's not like I've checked the whole planet for fighting.
GA: But the archagent was in charge and we just found his body, so yeah. Pretty sure.
GG: hm.
GG: (wait detour: you're with Lance right? you guys are good now?)
GA: (Yeah, sorry about being weird earlier.)
GG: (it's fine!)
GG: anyway!
GG: dead archagent!
GG: i don't think that's a good thing.
GA: I don't either. Isn't this supposed to kick off endgame? Why isn't anything happening?
GG: yeah, see, the thing about that is,
GG: Prospit was supposed to lose.
GG: endgame is kicked off when Derse wins.
GG: and Derse didn't win.
GA: Well, shit.
GG: Keith... you're the time guy. are we in a doomed timeline?
GA: I don't know.
GA: I don't know what we could have done differently.
GA: And if we were doomed from the start, I don't think we could've gotten this far.
GA: But I don't know how we can fix this, either.
GA: For now, assume we're still in the alpha timeline, and keep playing. That'll tell us if we're really doomed or not.
GG: that's not super reassuring.
GA: Sorry, Hunk.
GA: But "maybe doomed" is better than "definitely doomed" right?
GG: i'd prefer "definitely not doomed."
GA: Me too.
GA: Why don't you fill in Pidge? She might have ideas.
GG: yeah, she usually does.
GG: okay, i'll let you know, i guess.
GA: You got this, Hunk. :)
GG: aww Lance really has softened you up! look at you with your smiley face and everything.
GA: ...
GG: okay, going.
gearboxGourmet [GG] ceased pestering groundedAviator [GA]



> Be the Conciliatory Rover.
Chapter Notes
HAPPY HALFWAY POINT...! ahahahaha theres so much left.............



[CR climbs out of the ring station]This place has stopped working. Actually, ever since that human left, it's pretty much been unresponsive. He did say he hacked it, or something.Anyway, unless your Queen is in that ship there, your quest is gonna be delayed.[BQ emerges from her station. CR's like !!]Holy shit it's her.[He kneels nervously]You regretfully inform your Queen that you failed in the task she gave you.No shit, she says.Where is he now, she asks.[CR looks up]Now? But you're no longer in the incipisphere.[BQ grabs CR by the rags and lifts him to her face]Does that matter, she asks.No, no, of course it doesn't, you tell her.You'll go fetch him right away![CR scurrying in circles]As soon as you find a way to get anywhere!



> Hunk: Tell Pidge the bad news



gearboxGourmet [GG] began pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]GG: so Prospit won the war that Derse was supposed to win to kick off endgame.CT: that doesnt sound goodGG: no, it doesn't.GG: what do we do?CT: keep playing i guessCT: i think our denizens are supposed to know stuffCT: have you met yours yetGG: no, have you?CT: noCT: but we shouldCT: lets not jump to conclusions beforehandGG: all right...gearboxGourmet [GG] ceased pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]



> Shiro: Face your denizen



[Shiro meets his denizen, all ready to fight]
[But, like Keith, he stops and looks confused]
[And then he nods, and the forge is lit]
thanatoidAstronaut [TA] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]TA: I just met my denizen.GA: How'd it go?TA: She said I didn't get a Choice.GA: What??TA: She said it wasn't my fault, it had just already been made for me.TA: And then she lit the Forge and shooed me off.GA: What was your Choice supposed to be, then??TA: She wouldn't say!GA: Hm. :/GA: Things just keep getting weirder.GA: I got a Choice, but I don't think it was a normal one.GA: Did Hunk tell you Prospit won the war, by the way?TA: No, he didn't. Is it relevant? What was your Choice?GA: Fight now or come back later. GA: Not later time-wise, but later-later. Later for me.TA: So something's going to happen?GA: I guess. But if Prospit has won we might be in a doomed timeline, so I don't know.TA: Isn't the end of the war supposed to start the Reckoning?GA: Yes, and it hasn't. Derse was supposed to win.TA: Oh.GA: I really hope that your lack of Choice isn't because of that.TA: Well, I'm already an anomaly anyway.TA: No dreamself, and all.GA: I guess.TA: I'll just keep playing for now, then. We don't know that we ARE doomed yet.GA: That's pretty much what I told Hunk, yeah.TA: Speaking of, Hunk just showed up here, and I have a lot of frogs to catch. I'll talk to you later.GA: Stay safe, Shiro.TA: You know I try. :)thanatoidAstronaut [TA] ceased pestering groundedAviator [GA]
[Shiro chasing a frog around while Hunk laughs in the background]



==>
Chapter Notes
guess who finished her MASTERS THESIS !?!?!thats right its me \o/



[Keith still has his display up. Lance's chin is on his shoulder]
KEITH: Hey, Lance? I've been meaning to ask...
LANCE: yeah?
KEITH: Why aren't you wearing pants?
[They both look down]
LANCE: i dunno man i just woke up like this
KEITH: Your god tier outfit is pantsless?
LANCE: apparently!
LANCE: but like lets be honest, these babies deserve to be shown off
[He strikes a leggy pose. Keith blushes while looking away]
KEITH: Oh my god.
LANCE: thats right, i AM your god
LANCE: and its leggy worship time, baby
KEITH: We aren't friends anymore.
LANCE: yeah thats fair




==>
Chapter Notes
happy 4/13!!! i'm posting a biiiig chunk of stuff today...



groundedAviator [GA] began pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]
GA: You've woken up by now, right?
CT: if youre gonna ask me if our third tower is alluras, then yes, it is
GA: Gotcha.
GA: I guess Shiro really doesn't have a dreamself, then...
CT: hes not prospit?
GA: Maybe he was supposed to be?
GA: But Lance says their third tower is completely empty, so he's not there.
CT: huh
CT: thats weird
GA: You know stuff about the game. Is it gonna be a problem?
CT: only if shiro dies
GA: I won't let that happen.
CT: i knew you were gonna say that
GA: :/
GA: Anyway. I guess in the grand scheme of things, it's not a big deal.
GA: Bigger things to worry about.
CT: wow! very mature of you, keith
groundedAviator [GA] ceased pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]
CT: lol nvm
amorousTailor [AT] began pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]
AT: put DOWN the frog, i have a bone to pick with you
GG: ?????
GG: how did you know i was holding a frog??
AT: haha were you really
AT: i just read over keiths shoulder that you showed up at shiros so i guessed
GG: nice.
AT: yes
AT: but dont change the subject
AT: i have NOT "softened keith up" wtf
GG: he uses emojis now.
AT: that means nothing
GG: sure.
GG: hey, you wanna meet up on Prospit later?
AT: cant :(
AT: i mean i could just go there i guess
AT: but now im god tier so i guess i go listen to horrorterrors when i sleep now or smth
GG: so Keith doesn't go to Derse when he sleeps either?
AT: nope
GG: huh.
GG: oh yeah, did you ever get the chance to look in our third tower?
AT: funny, keith just asked about that
AT: the empty one? yeah
AT: and he says derses third tower is full of flowers so i guess shiro was supposed to be with us?
AT: weird that theyd have alluras stuff when shes not here but shiros room is just empty
GG: i'd say maybe it's on her Prospit, but we have copies of everything there and vice versa, judging by her letters.
AT: yeah its weird
AT: whatever its probs fine
AT: or its not, but everything else is fucked anyway
GG: don't say that. :(
AT: sorry
GG: it's fine.
GG: i gotta get back to the frogs now though.
AT: yeah were gonna go see what my denizen has to say i guess
GG: good luck!!
AT: you too my man :)
GG: :)
amorousTailor [AT] ceased pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]



Years in the past...



[Baby dreamer Shiro appears in an empty Prospitian tower]
[A Dersite agent peers in]
You are the CEREMONIAL ROBBER, and this is it. The moment you've been waiting for. The baby you've been ordered to kidnap is finally here. 
After all, without a space player, there won't be any of that... amphibian business, will there?
[CR picks up baby Shiro and skedaddles]
This is way easier than stealing the White King's sword was. Now you just have to get to that horrid temple, hop in that flower, and bam. Kidnapped. 
[CR steps on a transportalizer, goes to the temple, and hops in the flower]



> Shiro: Wonder about Earth



thanatoidAstronaut [TA] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]
TA: Keith, do you know of a way back to Earth?
GA: No, why?
TA: Idle curiosity.
GA: Bullshit.
GA: You know as well as the rest of us Earth was destroyed.
TA: ...I know that, and I know in our letters Allura claimed to be playing the game too, but I can't help but wonder.
GA: ...if she could be on Earth?
GA: I don't know how.
TA: Not so much that as if we somehow left her behind.
TA: If one of us was supposed to connect with her.
TA: Or... if you can go back and do that, I guess.
GA: Oh.
GA: This is about the doomed timeline thing, isn't it?
TA: We are missing a player entirely, Keith.
TA: It's not an unreasonable concern.
GA: No, I guess not.
GA: But if there's a way back to Earth, I don't know it.
GA: And remember all those flower imps? She definitely got into the game.
GA: Just not ours.
GA: If I was supposed to go back and get her into ours, she'd be already here.
TA: Oh... yeah.
TA: I guess that is how causality works.
GA: Yeah.
TA: Still...
GA: Yeah, we could still be in a doomed timeline. Maybe she was supposed to be with us.
GA: But we won't know until things go wrong.
GA: Or, more wrong, I guess.
GA: Catastrophically wrong.
TA: Heartening.
GA: Talk to Lance if you want heart. 
TA: Ha :)
TA: Thanks, Keith.
GA: Anytime, Shiro.
groundedAviator [GA] ceased pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]
[Fingers hover over a keyboard, then lower. Their owner pulls a cloth down off his lower face down to pout at the screen--he looks like Shiro, but he doesn't have a scar, and his hair is fully black. On the screen is text trying to convince Shiro to return to Earth]



> Be Shiro?



[Not-Shiro pouting at the screen]
Your name is Kuro, actually. 
Actually, technically, your given name is "Hey Kid." After studying the ancient texts of the civilization that once lived here, though, you chose to call yourself Kuro.
[Child!Kuro reading a manga]
You learned a lot from those texts.
[Back to Kuro at the console]
You also learned a lot from these stations dropped here and there in the wasteland. Like that there's this guy you've grown up to resemble; Dad said his name was Shiro, which is also part of why you chose your name, but he wouldn't say more. You're pretty sure Shiro's your long-lost twin or something. 
You don't know why you're here and he's there, though.
[Kuro climbing up out of the cube station to look around]
Shiro can't answer your questions, but you think Dad will probably know. Maybe it's time you find him again.



> Lance: Face your denizen



[Lance facing Charybdis, gun out. Keith is in the background]
[Charybdis grabs Keith]
[Lance looks over at him, freaking out]
[He glances back at Charybdis]
[And he goes to help Keith]



> Hunk: Face your denizen



[Hunk facing Abraxas]
[He nods grimly]
[Then looks up]
[There's a cave-in]



> Pidge: Face your denizen
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




[Pidge facing Cetus]
[She sits cross-legged and listens]
[Her eyes widen]
[She gets up and hurries away, bringing up her wristtop]
causticTechnocrat [CT] began pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]
CT: hunk youre a seer
CT: can you see things



Chapter End Notes
okay! thats all for today!
got some exciting stuff coming up tho :D got something id like drawn coming up too but its spoilery (does involve godtier lance, if youre into that) so hmu if u wanna get in on that


> Kuro: Launch.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




[Kuro at a console]
You're pretty sure this place can do more than just sit here and show you pictures. Dad always told you not to touch anything.
[Kuro touches something]
Sorry, Dad.
[The puzzle cube lifts out of the sand]



Chapter End Notes
its a puzzle cube bc that was what keith had to do to get into the game, btw. it wasnt clear at the time but yeah.


==>



[Keith and Lance kneeling together. Lance is pretty battered. Charybdis is dead behind them]

KEITH: I would've come back if she killed me, you know.

LANCE: i know.




==>



[Hunk emerges from a cave, dirty and tired]
[But he finds flowing water and grateful consorts]
[He looks at his message device, whatever it is at this point]

GG: supposedly, yes, i can see things.

GG: i only just got free of my denizen, though, so i haven't tried it yet. 

CT: well, try

CT: because its extremely urgent that we find our black king




==>
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




[Hunk looks into a crystal ball]
[His eyes widen]
[Meanwhile, Lance falls asleep on LOPAG while Keith keeps watch]
causticTechnocrat [CT] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]CT: are you on skaia right now?GA: No.CT: is lance?GA: Why do you think I know where Lance is?CT: :|GA: No. He's asleep.CT: shootCT: wait does that mean hes on prospit?GA: No, he's god tier now. We don't have dreamselves anymore.CT: then what happens when you sleep?GA: Nothing good. 



Chapter End Notes
still lookin for someone to draw some spoilers :V


==>



[Lance floating among the horrorterrors, scared as hell]
[But he sees something in the distance: a bubble]

CT: is he in danger???

GA: Nope. Just probably not having a great time.

GA: Is there something you need to check on Skaia? Because if it's if Prospit won the war, I already checked, and they did.

CT: no but its related

CT: we need to defend the white king until we find the black king

GA: From what?

CT: im not sure exactly

CT: my denizen talks in riddles so i didnt really get the specifics

CT: but apparently we have a time limit

CT: and its approaching fast




==>
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




[Lance floating around the bubble. It's an unfamiliar place: the Land of Waves and Ruins]
[A figure appears in the distance]
CT: and apparently theres a way to reset the game if it becomes unwinnableGA: Then we should do that.CT: let me finishCT: because it can only be done onceCT: and its already happenedCT: were on the other side of the reset, keithCT: this is itCT: we have to win with what weve gotCT: and something from the game before might ruin it for usGA: What is it?CT: i dont knowCT: i dont know ANYTHINGCT: if you find out something, anything at all... please let me knowcausticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering groundedAviator [GA]



Chapter End Notes
shoutout to whoever asked if they were gonna scratch! bc no. they cant. :)
anyway anyone wanna draw our new friend? :')


==>
Chapter Notes
ended up drawing it myself ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ






LANCE: uh... who are you?
???: okay so, that's actually a pretty complicated question
???: but my name is Blaytz




==>
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




[Lance looks at Blaytz. Blaytz looks out across his land. It's stormy]

LANCE: hi blaytz

LANCE: thats my grandpas name

BLAYTZ: i know

BLAYTZ: like i said, it's complicated

BLAYTZ: i'm sort of your grandpa, but sort of your grandson, too

LANCE: thats pretty weird

LANCE: im dreaming, right?

BLAYTZ: yes, but that doesn't mean this isn't real

BLAYTZ: oh man, how do i even begin to explain?

BLAYTZ: the short version is this: the game you're playing, we played too

LANCE: we?

BLAYTZ: me, Gyrgan, Trigel, Alfor... and Zarkon and Honerva




Chapter End Notes
here we gooooo


==>



[Blaytz shrugs]

BLAYTZ: thing is, we were doomed from the start

BLAYTZ: our game had a flaw

LANCE: like ours

BLAYTZ: yeah, except all our doubles were functional

LANCE: your what now

BLAYTZ: every part of our game was doubled

BLAYTZ: yours isn't?




==>



[In his crystal ball, Hunk sees the Black King (and White Queen) on grey Skaia]
[...And the sixth planet beyond]
GG: oh man, you're not gonna believe this.GG: i found him.GG: along with the white queen and the sixth planet.CT: theyre on the sixth planet??GG: no, that's the thing.GG: they're on Skaia, but it's all greyed out like our sixth planet is.GG: the only thing in color in that session IS the sixth planet.GG: it's the exact opposite of ours.CT: then... allura?GG: i didn't see her and i wouldn't know what she looks like even if i had.GG: but where else could she be? we already knew our sessions were connected.GG: i mean, a bunch of our imps have flower petals.CT: hmGG: hm?CT: hmmCT: okayCT: this is still a problem but im beginning to think its solvableGG: got ideas?CT: not yetCT: but i willcausticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]GG: go Pidge!!GG: wow, this hasn't happened in a while.GG: oh well.



==>




LANCE: if our game is doubled, then the copies are elsewhere

LANCE: think id notice some random extra planets floating around

LANCE: WAIT SHIT

LANCE: our sixth planet is all grey, is that one of the copies?

LANCE: did we get a copy instead of the real thing somehow?

BLAYTZ: i'm gonna go with yes

BLAYTZ: my point is that everything you guys have had to do, we had to do twice

LANCE: ew

BLAYTZ: at first, yeah, it was just annoying

BLAYTZ: but then we realized we'd have to stop the Reckoning twice, too

BLAYTZ: and then we found out the black kings had killed each other

BLAYTZ: which meant that even if we killed the white kings and started the Reckonings ourselves, we couldn't win

LANCE: shit

BLAYTZ: yep

BLAYTZ: so we Scratched the game

LANCE: how did you say that capitalized out loud

BLAYTZ: magic

LANCE: i believe it

LANCE: okay so what does that mean

BLAYTZ: the Scratch is how you reset the game

LANCE: so since our game is unwinnable too, we should scratch it?

LANCE: i mean, Scratch it?

BLAYTZ: you can't 'cause we already did

BLAYTZ: there's only one reset and you guys are the second go

BLAYTZ: sorry about that

LANCE: :/

LANCE: so were fucked then

BLAYTZ: well

BLAYTZ: maybe. i think there's probably a way or you wouldn't have gotten this far

BLAYTZ: i mean, you've ascended and everything. congrats on that, by the way

LANCE: thanks

BLAYTZ: but yeah youre kinda fucked and it's not even because of all the stuff i just said

BLAYTZ: that's just the context

LANCE: oh great

LANCE: so why are we fucked?

BLAYTZ: because Zarkon and Honerva escaped the Scratch




==>
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes








BLAYTZ: see, Zarkon and Alfor used to be best friends, but they had a... falling out
BLAYTZ: and the rest of us didn't really get along with him or his girlfriend very well anyway
BLAYTZ: so for most of the game the four of us did our own thing, and Zarkon and Honerva did theirs
BLAYTZ: and then we realized we had to Scratch like i said before
BLAYTZ: but of course there were two of the thing that had to be scratched to cause the Scratch
BLAYTZ: and they wanted to do it on their own
LANCE: i think im seeing where this is going
LANCE: is that why our session is sorta doubled?
BLAYTZ: nah, i'm pretty sure yours woulda been like ours if they'd managed it. or worse.
BLAYTZ: but while me and Gyrgan and Trigel actually did the thing, Alfor went to stop the other two
BLAYTZ: and he did
BLAYTZ: but they killed him for it




Chapter End Notes
did i figure out the classes, aspects, AND lands of the dancestor crew? you bet
if its too small to see, zarkon is a lord of space, and honerva is a witch of time


==>
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




[Grimdark!Zarkon and Honerva standing over dead Alfor]

BLAYTZ: and then they fucked off out of the session into the Furthest Ring

BLAYTZ: while the rest of us got erased

LANCE: so how am i talking to you then

BLAYTZ: well, i'm dead, for one thing

LANCE: oh

BLAYTZ: also Gyrgan made a deal with the horrorterrors so that one of us could stick around out here to warn you guysBLAYTZ: and, uh, speaking of horrorterrors, there's one last thing you gotta knowBLAYTZ: see, i ran into Zarkon and Honerva out here at some pointBLAYTZ: and if you spend too long listening to the horrorterrors, they kinda... change youBLAYTZ: basically, the two of them have gone grimdark, and they're out here somewhereBLAYTZ: and they're comingBLAYTZ: looking for revenge or something, i guess. trying to finish what they startedBLAYTZ: they're gonna try to kill all of youBLAYTZ: if you can find a way to win before they get here, you can escapeBLAYTZ: otherwise... i don't know if you'll survive, god tier or notBLAYTZ: time isn't linear out here. they might as well have been corrupted for ten thousand years instead of... BLAYTZ: however long, i don't know. like i said, time isn't linear here.BLAYTZ: point is, you can't reason with them. you can't fight them.BLAYTZ: they're the gods of time and space before any of you wereBLAYTZ: your only hope is to run




Chapter End Notes
yeah blaytz doesnt know they were already grimdark. after all, only alfor saw...


==>



[Lance looks absolutely fucking terrified. Blaytz pats his shoulder]

BLAYTZ: sorry

BLAYTZ: good luck out there, kid

BLAYTZ: proud of you

BLAYTZ: i've served my purpose, i gotta go now

BLAYTZ: it's time for you to wake up

[The bubble pops]
[Lance wakes with a start, startling Keith]

LANCE: oh FUCK




==>
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes







groundedAviator [GA] began pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]
GA: Hey, remember how you said I should tell you if I found anything, and how I said Lance was probably having a bad time being asleep?
CT: yeah
CT: are those things related somehow
GA: Yep.
GA: He met someone from before the reset, out in the Furthest Ring.
CT: how???
GA: I guess one of the previous players made a deal with the horrorterrors so that someone's ghost could come warn us?
GA: Something like that. He's not really sure how, either.
GA: But two of the previous players escaped the reset and are coming to kill us, apparently.
CT: ...if my denizen hadnt implied that already id call bullshit
CT: did the ghost say what to do about this
GA: Win before they get here.
CT: great
CT: why are you the one telling me this instead of him anyway
GA: He's a little shakenskskdff
GA: hi pidge :D
GA: Never mind, he's fine now.
GA: And is perfectly capable of USING HIS OWN PHONE, LANCE.
CT: lmaooo
CT: oh i do have good news btw
CT: hunk found our missing king and sixth planet in what we assume is alluras session
GA: Makes sense.
GA: Lance said in the previous session everything was doubled, and this time we just had inactive copies.
GA: I guess we'd never have noticed if we hadn't ended up with one of the copies.
CT: plus the missing king and all
CT: i guess... if we can start the reckoning and then get to where the black king is, we can kill him and win?
CT: hm
GA: You should ask Shiro about it, but I think his quest needs all the planets to be here.
CT: how important is his quest
GA: I don't know, ask him.
CT: ill do that
causticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering groundedAviator [GA]
causticTechnocrat [CT] began pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]
CT: hey shiro how important is your quest
TA: Can't win without it. Why?
CT: fuck
CT: you need all the planets to be here?
TA: Not the planets themselves, I think, just the grist everyone's collected.
TA: The five of us might be enough, but the game is likely calibrated to need six players' worth.
CT: so we need to steal all alluras grist somehow
TA: You know the grist is all stored physically in everyone's planets, right? It's not just an abstraction.
TA: Have you faced your denizen?
CT: yeah and i think i fucked up my choice
TA: ...Well, your denizen has a massive grist hoard. 
TA: We need all of it, from everyone.
CT: for what???
TA: The Ultimate Alchemy.
TA: I'll be honest, I'm not really sure what these frogs have to do with it, but it must be creating something really, really big.
CT: the Ultimate Reward?
TA: Yes.
CT: alright this complicates things
TA: What's going on?
CT: long story short: the game was reset and this is the second and final go, our real sixth planet and black king are in a parallel session, and a couple of players from before the reset are coming to kill us and we need to win the game somehow before they get here
TA: ...Shit.
CT: succinctly put
TA: What do we do?
CT: you keep doing your frog thing
CT: send hunk over, though
CT: we need to find a way to get to allura and, if possible, bring all her shit back with us, i guess
CT: you arent god tier, right? but youve faced your denizen?
TA: Correct.
TA: Though I'm not sure I got the full benefits of the denizen thing.
CT: even so
CT: try using your spacey powers
CT: i think theyre gonna come in handy
TA: Okay.
causticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]



Chapter End Notes
i feel like ive written this to imply that ppl cant use the powers of their aspect until they meet their denizen which... i am fairly sure is not true but whatever ¯\_(ツ)_/¯


> Shiro: Ask for a hand (or two)



thanatoidAstronaut [TA] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]TA: Hey, are you guys busy?GA: One, no.GA: Two, has anyone told you what's going on?GA: And three, why does everyone just assume Lance is with me now?TA: I never even said his name. :)TA: And yes, I've been debriefed.GA: ...GA: No, we aren't busy, what do you need?TA: Frog hunters. I sent Hunk off to figure things out with Pidge but I kinda need more hands.GA: lol you cant just alchemize more? :DGA: That was Lance, sorry.TA: Heh
[Keith pushing Lance's face away, Lance is still grinning]
TA: Sadly, no, more literal hands won't help.TA: But your time powers will, Keith.GA: What are we doing, exactly? Hunting frogs?TA: Not literally hunting. You just have to interact with them so I can appearify their paradox clones.GA: ...Does anything in this game make sense?TA: You can level up.GA: Fair enough.GA: Lance says he's "down to bother some frogs," so we'll be right over.TA: Thanks. :)TA: See you soon.thanatoidAstronaut [TA] ceased pestering groundedAviator [GA]



==>



[Pidge and Hunk in a library]

PIDGE: okay i know i asked for you to come over but i actually need to nap and check on things

PIDGE: you might as well check on prospit too

HUNK: i am ALWAYS down for naptime.




> Pidge: Find something
Chapter Notes
man i wanted to draw part of this one but i was busy today and ill be busy tomorrow and i was graduating yesterday so i couldnt do it then either so like. it was gonna be a while. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




[Pidge's dreamself is out near the veil, now with phone in hand][She looks up towards the horrorterrors][But then an open door on a meteor catches her eye][She enters, finding a greyed-out ectobiology lab][She fiddles with the dials and tries to appearify herself, but gets only goop][Curious, she tries Lance as well at random, and gets goop again][Then the goop combines while she looks on, creating... a baby. A suspiciously Matt-shaped baby][She stares in horror]causticTechnocrat [CT] began pestering amorousTailor [AT]
CT: matt is our son
AT: im sorry what
CT: i foudn a lab
CT: in the veil
CT: if you try to teleport somethign here it makes? paradox goop?
AT: are you okay?
CT: i tried to teleport you here and got goop
CT: i tried me too
AT: pidge???
CT: it made a baby???
AT: ?????????
CT: the goop mixed and became a baby and its matt. he has my glasses which are his glasses.
AT: holy fuck
AT: where the hell are you??
CT: th veil
CT: lance this is fucked up
AT: you dont say
CT: ny brother ismy son
AT: pidge are you crying
AT: hey, remember to breathe, okay?
CT: im breathing
CT: hes sitting in my lap
CT: can oyu imagine us making a baby
CT: on purpose
CT: thats gross
AT: wow, thanks
CT: you can make babies with keith instead
CT: i dont want to
AT: i wasnt planning on making any babies anytime soon???
AT: ignoring that thats a biological impossibility i guess[Lance looks up from his phone]
LANCE: hey keith, would you make a baby with me if that was a thing that was possible?
[Keith gives him a wtf face whilst holding a frog]
LANCE: yeah, thought so
AT: also i dont think hed want to lol
CT: fuck biology
CT: theres weird technology thats probably magic actually
CT: you can make all the babies you want
AT: this conversation got weird
CT: it started weird
AT: ...yeah itd be hard to top that
CT: can we just pretend this never happened actually
AT: please
CT: thanks
causticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering amorousTailor [AT][Pidge puts baby Matt on the appearifier and disappearifies him to the appropriate time]



Chapter End Notes
i have... no excuseactually i think i planned to get rid of this part at some point but then never did? oh well its here now


==>



[Dream!Pidge resumes flying out to talk to the horrorterrors]
[This time she sees Yaldabaoth out there too, in the distance]
[And she Realizes]



> Hunk: Look at the clouds



[Dream!Hunk looks into Prospit's clouds and sees Sam and a transportalizer in front of the time lotus thing]
[He tells RW]
[RW is out of birds]
[RW goes to Sam and SM, who have just finished building, and tells them what to do in person]
[Sam takes the thing to the place]



==>



[Pidge and Hunk both wake]
[...And look at each other]

PIDGE: whats your denizen like?

HUNK: he's a big snake with a chicken head.

PIDGE: does he glow really brightly

HUNK: not particularly, why?

PIDGE: i have a theory

causticTechnocrat [CT] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]CT: is your denizen large, glowy, and missing?GA: Yes, yes, and not as far as I know.GA: He was still there when I left, anyway.GA: Why?CT: how glowy?GA: His head's on fire. Why?CT: is he a big snakeGA: No, he's person-shaped. Again... why?CT: ill let you know when i knowcausticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering groundedAviator [GA]GA: :/
causticTechnocrat [CT] began pestering amorousTailor [AT]CT: is your denizen large, glowy, and missing?AT: shes dead, does that count?CT: nopecausticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering amorousTailor [AT]
causticTechnocrat [CT] began pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]CT: is your denizen large, glowy, and missing?TA: She's not particularly glowy, no.TA: And I'm pretty sure she's right where I left her.TA: Why?CT: because it means i just saw alluras denizen out in the furthest ringcausticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering thanatoidAstronaut [TA]TA: You're leaving it at that???TA: Pidge!!!
[Pidge looks up from her wristtop and over at Hunk]

PIDGE: i think were neighbors hunk

PIDGE: us and allura

PIDGE: her denizen is out in the furthest ring

HUNK: doing what??

PIDGE: defending us, i think




> Matt: Explain already.
Chapter Notes
sorry ive been,, gone,,, heres like 9 chapters at once



[Matt and Colleen sitting on the floor, eating stuff out of cans]
You've known that you're on Earth from the start. Your savior told you that meteors like the one he saved you from destroyed everything and everyone.
He also told you he'd seen your dad, and your sister, because they had escaped. He said his Appearifier was out of power--said maybe your mom had escaped on her own, too.
You decided to make sure of that.
[Matt wiping his mouth, looking over at the console]
He told you that maybe there was a way to get to them, if you played your part correctly.



> RW: Stop reminiscing already.



[RW waving away thoughts]
Enough of that! You've got a son to find.
[RW investigates the console and presses a button]
[Everything shuts and the ship launches]
Oops.



> Lance: Realize something



causticTechnocrat [CT] began pestering amorousTailor [AT]
CT: okay im copypasting this to everyone, so bear with me: as you all probably know by now, allura and our black king and white queen ended up in a parallel session. she has copies of our planets just as we have a copy of hers. as you all also probably know, our session was reset by the previous players, two of whom are on their way to kill us, and our only escape is to win.
CT: a while back, while on derse, i looked out towards the furthest ring and saw a hole in the horrorterrors. im not sure what caused it but i kinda think it was said players, which... doesnt bode well for us. that said, the hole is now being guarded by a denizen that i can only assume is alluras, which will buy us a little time. this also means alluras session cant be that far from ours; on a grand scale, shes just next door.
CT: we need to get her, her planet, and the black king over here somehow so we can start the reckoning so we can stop the reckoning, and do shiros ultimate alchemy thing. that said... im not sure about the exact causality of it yet, but i think without the reckoning this game cant have existed in the first place, meaning (since we are, in fact, here and playing the game) that it WILL happen. somehow. so thats good news, at least.
CT: i also have reason to believe the game not only causes its own existence, but ours (sorry guys, youre all adopted) but im not sure how that fits in yet. supposedly thats a task usually delegated to the first one in, so if youre shiro, get back to me on that, please. we should all meet up in person soon to figure out how to do things, too, so everyone else, get back to me on that, please.
AT: ...how do our existences happen then
CT: remember the thing we were gonna pretend didnt happen
AT: are you saying were all paradox clones of ourselves
CT: more or less
AT: okay actually that makes sense
AT: cause blaytz said hes both my grandpa and my grandson
AT: i guess the Scratch made us switch places or something
AT: WHOA I JUST HAD A THOUGHT
amorousTailor [AT] ceased pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]
CT: dont hurt yourself man
[Lance tugging on Keith's sleeve]

LANCE: keith buddy i need the hugest favor
KEITH: What is it?
LANCE: i need you to get yourself to derse
LANCE: or prospit i guess, doesnt matter which
LANCE: and then i need you to go back in time to just before shiro entered the game and see if any spires had been activated yet
KEITH: What? Why???
LANCE: just trust me
LANCE: please
KEITH: You know this will probably kill me.
KEITH: Going back to before the session started seems like the kind of thing you're not supposed to do.
LANCE: well, sorry if you do
LANCE: but you saw pidges message right? im thinking allura was probably first in, not shiro
LANCE: cause how else would we all have letters if she wasnt the one making us?
KEITH: MAKING us??
LANCE: in like a lab
LANCE: i guess that part of the convo was just me and pidge lol
LANCE: anyway can you check please, ill love you forever
KEITH: Extreme, but okay, I'll do it.
LANCE: rad thank you <3




> Keith: Go back



[Keith, blushing, uses his time device]
[And ends up in a blank, black void]



==>
Chapter Notes
edit: now with art by kirby_star!!



[He sees a bubble pop into existence, with tiny spheres within]



[He pokes the bubble, confused, as the spheres grow]



==>



[Then he goes wide-eyed]
[He reaches into the bubble and grabs one of the center spheres--which is, of course, Skaia]
[He moves it aside, and the planets go with it, forming two connected bubbles]
[But Allura's planet is in the wrong set]

KEITH: ...Shit.




==>



[He goes to grab Allura's planet...]
[But then stops...]
[And retracts his hand]



==>



[Keith enters the bubble of his session, now that it's big enough]
[He goes to Prospit and waits as it grows]



==>
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




[And one of the spires lights up, so he goes down to Skaia][And the king is covered in flower petals][So he returns to the present, where Lance is waiting]
KEITH: Uh... good news. Or maybe bad news.
LANCE: was i right?
KEITH: Oh, yeah, you were right.
KEITH: Also we just closed a causal loop I didn't know was open.
LANCE: ?
KEITH: I just... pushed our sessions apart.
KEITH: I went a little too far back, to the actual creation of the session, and everything was doubled like you said, but all the planets were growing next to each other, so... I moved them.
LANCE: ......
LANCE: did you put alluras where its supposed to be?
KEITH: If I had, nothing we've been through so far would've happened.
KEITH: It would've split the timeline completely.
KEITH: I'm not sure I could have even if I'd tried.
KEITH: But at least Pidge was right that we're neighbors...?
LANCE: keith.
KEITH: Don't look at me like that, Lance.
KEITH: You're the one who talked to Blaytz. You know things are fucked anyway and it's bigger than any of us.
KEITH: Lance, c'mon.
LANCE: ...yeah
LANCE: yeah, okay
LANCE: now we just need to fix things
KEITH: Right.




Chapter End Notes
yepim just out here making shit up idk what the canon is for how sessions are created, if any?? whatevsso does anyone wanna draw, like, a shit ton of babies...?


==>



[Lance and Keith fly up to meet Shiro]

LANCE: shiro! you can ignore that stuff pidge said about causing our existences, it doesnt apply to you actually

SHIRO: Okay?

amorousTailor [AT] began pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]AT: pidgeAT: allura was the first one into our session, not shiroCT: okay?AT: which means shes gonna be the one to make sure we existAT: thats how we all got our lettersCT: okay that makes senseAT: also keith went back to the sessions creation and youre right, shes just next doorAT: so idk, maybe we can kinda just... fly over there?CT: ...yeahCT: maybe we cancausticTechnocrat [CT] ceased pestering amorousTailor [AT]



> Allura: Realize something



[Allura sitting in an ectobiology lab, surrounded by TWELVE BABIES]

ALLURA: Maybe there is a way I can contact you, after all.




> Keith: Do a favor for Hunk



gearboxGourmet [GG] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]GG: hey can i ask you another favor?GA: What's up?GG: can you just... go make sure the Reckoning actually happens?GG: i mean, it should, but what if it doesn't??GA: If it doesn't, we're definitely in a doomed timeline.GG: EXACTLY!GA: I'll go look. GG: thank you. :)GA: ...What does the Reckoning actually look like?GG: oh, uh. i don't actually know. GG: ask Pidge.GG: or your sprite if you can find him.GA: Yeah, I haven't seen him in a while.GA: I guess we're supposed to be figuring things out for ourselves now.GG: or letting Pidge or me tell you. :)GA: I can't argue with that. :)GA: I'm off.groundedAviator [GA] ceased pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]
groundedAviator [GA] began pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]GA: What is the Reckoning supposed to look like, exactly?CT: well the veil starts fallingGA: ...?CT: the asteroids way out by derseCT: they converge on skaiaCT: skaia has some kind of self-defense mechanism but sooner or later they break through, unless we can stop it by killing the black kingGA: And Shiro needs Skaia for his quest.CT: yeah but what are the chances we survive to see skaia destroyed?GA: Good point. GA: What kind of defense mechanism?CT: dunnoCT: something that can block meteors, presumablyCT: whyGA: Because if we're gonna be made in a lab in the game, we have to get to Earth somehow. GA: And all those meteors came from somewhere. CT: if you already figured it out why are you asking meGA: It's just a theory and you know things. CT: well i dont know specifically but a bunch of gates makes as much sense as anythingCT: is that all or do you have more random questionsGA: I wondered how long it would take you to say that. GA: It wasn't random. Hunk asked me to go check if the Reckoning is gonna happen, but he didn't know what to look for. CT: okay fair enoughCT: so is the reckoning gonna happenGA: I'll let you know in a second. GA: Yeah, it's gonna happen. CT: well at least we arent completely doomedGA: Yep.groundedAviator [GA] ceased pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]
groundedAviator [GA] began pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]GA: The Reckoning is gonna happen. GG: oh good.GG: thank you!!!GA: Anytime. groundedAviator [GA] ceased pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]
thanatoidAstronaut [TA] began pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]TA: It sounds like we need a team meeting, can you guys come over ASAP? Keith and Lance are already here.GG: on our way!TA: Great, thank you.thanatoidAstronaut [TA] ceased pestering gearboxGourmet [GG]



> Matt: Play your part.



[Matt at the console while Colleen watches]
[Matt types into the prompt thing]
> Hey, Katie.> Aren't you curious if there's anything left on Earth?> Maybe you should ask your time player to go look.



> Keith: Do a favor for Pidge



[Keith on his eye computer thing, with Lance and Shiro doing frog things in the background]
causticTechnocrat [CT] began pestering groundedAviator [GA]CT: hey i know we keep sending you off to check on things but i have a request, before we all meet upCT: since you went to see the reckoning alreadyGA: Good thing I have all the time in the world.GA: What's up?CT: i want to know whats left on earthGA: ...Nothing, I thought.CT: maybeCT: but i wanna know for sureGA: So you want me to, what, ride a meteor?CT: i guess?CT: and then just go into the future a bit and see if you can find anything?GA: Now who's the one asking weird questions?CT: okay fineCT: right at the beginning of the game my sprite told me my mom was gonna get to earth somehow, sometime in the futureCT: if theres anyone left shell be with themCT: and if theres no one left shell be aloneCT: i guess shed be near where my house was on the west coastGA: All right, I'll look.GA: But the Earth is bigger than any of our lands, you know. No promises.CT: i knowCT: but something is better than nothingCT: thanks keith :)GA: No problem. I'll be back soon.groundedAviator [GA] ceased pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]
[Keith poofs away, making Lance and Shiro turn to look]



> Matt: Launch.



[Matt steps back from the console, Colleen looking over his shoulder]
Welp, that's all you can do for now. Either it'll work, or it won't.
[Matt turning to a different part of the console while Colleen looks closer at the screen]
Your savior seemed certain it will. It's time you go meet up with him and let him know you've done it.
[Matt hits a button, and the tower station rises]



> Keith: Check on Earth



[Keith rides a meteor back to Earth, then time travels away]



> Allura: Write some letters



[Allura writes her letters while surrounded by babies. She has gathered this session's players around her, but the rest are still nearby. CR is hidden in the background]



> Kuro: Land already.



[The puzzle cube station lands with the ship and ring stations]
[Kuro, looking shaken, sitting inside]
So that's what the buttons do.
[He climbs up to look outside. CR and BQ look at him]
Uh...
[CR starts pointing and !!!-ing. BQ draws her sword]
Uh-oh.



> RW: Land already.



[The flower station lands at the temple. The ring, ship, and cube stations are already there. CR is running in circles, BQ is approaching Kuro with sword out, Kuro has his hands up placatingly. All are startled when the ship drops.]
[RW hops out and sees Kuro. Both go !!! at each other. CR goes !!! too. BQ is annoyed]



> Be the last exile.



[SM standing in a dark room in front of a dark console]
You are now the Salubrious Migrant.
[SM tapping at his door]
You heard something land nearby a while ago. A few somethings, in fact. But this place ran out of power a while ago, so you're locked in.
And... you disguised this place pretty well. You'd have to make a lot of noise to be found.
Unless someone's already looking.
[Something thumps, and SM jumps] 
That was the fifth.
[He resumes knocking with more vigor]
Hopefully someone out there knows you're here.



> Matt: Find your savior
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




[The tower lands, so that the temple, the stations, and a rogue pillar create a neat circle]
[Matt hops out, heading for the pillar, followed by Colleen, but then he sees everyone else and stops]
What in the fresh hell.
[He spots Kuro]
Shiro???



Chapter End Notes
the gangs all here!!


> Keith: Show up
Chapter Notes
im a lil drugegd up on allergy meds rn, hi. ahve art.









KEITH: ...Shiro?

KURO: Um.

KURO: ...No?

KEITH: ...




==>



[BQ attacks Kuro and Keith rushes to defend him]
[CR and RW are !!!!ing]
[Matt gets SM out of his station]



==>



[Keith stands with bloody sword, holding BQ's ring][RW goes over to Kuro and SM, while CR stands nervously in the background]



==>



[Matt goes up to Keith]

MATT: hey.

KEITH: Matt?

MATT: the one and only!

KEITH: ...Weren't you dead?

MATT: nah, i was rescued by the skinny guy over there. 

MATT: can you do me a favor? when you go back into the game, get back in time to the very beginning of it and tell my dad he needs to go into the veil and build a couple of transportalizers. the chess guy will be with him, he'll help. and one of you guys will tell him what to do with them later. 

KEITH: How do you know about all this?

MATT: it's already happened, according to the aforementioned chess guy. some kind of time loop thing. you should know. 

KEITH: Yeah, I do. Okay, I can do that.




==>



[Everyone heads toward the temple, lead by SM]

KEITH: So.... you aren't Shiro?

KURO: My name is Kuro!

KURO: I think I'm his long-lost twin or something.

KEITH: His dreamself is missing. Maybe that's you.

KURO: I guess that makes as much sense as anything. But how'd I get here?

KEITH: I have no idea.




==>



[They all go to the lotus, which completes its countdown]
[It opens to reveal Sam, holding his transportalizer]
[Matt and Colleen (and SM) are all !!!]



==>



[Everyone files onto the transportalizer]
[On the other side is Skaia; Lance is freaking out, and the Reckoning is happening]
[Kuro immediately passes out]



Elsewhere, just previously...



[Allura hands out the letters. CR is in the background]



> Be the Ceremonial Robber, a few minutes ago.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




[The lotus flower thing opens and CR hops out with baby dream!Shiro]Finally! Now you just have to ride out the Reckoning and...
...It isn't the Reckoning yet, is it? Damn it.[CR looks around, and steps on a transportalizer and enters a lab][CR peers around a corner and sees Allura with the babies, who are all crawling off]Wait a second. This isn't where you came from.
And that's the real baby, and you're only holding his dreamer. Wouldn't it be better to kidnap the real one?[CR looks down at sleeping baby]You're pretty sure it'd be better to kidnap the real one.[Allura leaves, and CR swaps the babies. Shiro's letter gets separated from him]Hell fucking yes. You're the best agent Derse has ever had.
Your Queen will be so proud. But you should get going before anyone finds you.



Chapter End Notes
;D


> Keith: Find out what's happening







LANCE: keith holy shit

LANCE: shes here

LANCE: she killed pidges dreamself

LANCE: shes here

KEITH: Lance, breathe. Who's here?

LANCE: honerva

LANCE: she started the reckoning

LANCE: theyre already here

LANCE: whatre we gonna do???

KEITH: ...I guess we'll have to fight.

LANCE: keith theyre gonna murder us

KEITH: They can try.

KEITH: Take care of Kuro. I need to go back in time and talk to Pidge's dad.

KEITH: I'll see you soon. You can do this.









> Keith: Pester past!Pidge



[Keith appears behind his own house. Past him is doing stuff in the distance]
groundedAviator [GA] began pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]
GA: Pidge, have you heard from your dad yet?
CT: yup hes safe!!
GA: Oh, good.
GA: So I have a really, really weird question.
CT: whats up
GA: What's his phone number?
CT: .................................................................
GA: I told you it was weird.
GA: It's a time loop thing, if that helps.
CT: i dunno if that makes me feel better or worse
CT: are you like paradoxically not allowed to explain or
GA: I don't think there's any reason I can't.
GA: This is just kind of a lengthy game of telephone as it is.
GA: No pun intended.
GA: I figured it was better if I just tell him directly, but if you don't want to give me his number I can tell you to tell him.
CT: im curious enough that im gonna make you do that
GA: He needs to build two transportalizers.
CT: what the fuck is a transportalizer
GA: He'll figure it out.
GA: But he has to go into the Veil to do it. Whoever's with him right now will help him out.
GA: One of us will tell him what to do with them later.
CT: thats so ominous wtf
GA: Like I said, telephone. I can't tell you more.
GA: Just pass it on, please.
CT: is this some weird time paradox thing? youre time right
CT: who even told you this
GA: That I definitely can't tell you.
GA: And don't message me about this again or mention it in person.
CT: OH MY GOD YOURE FROM THE FUTURE ARENT YOU
GA: Bye, Pidge.
groundedAviator [GA] ceased pestering causticTechnocrat [CT]
CT: keeeeeeith!!
[He poofs away]



> Keith: Rejoin the team



[Keith poofs back in time and returns to LODAF, looking a little shaken, as Hunk and Pidge arrive]

LANCE: what happened?
KEITH: A lot, but not yet.
KEITH: Pidge, I found your mom.
PIDGE: is she okay??
KEITH: She's fine, for now.
KEITH: I also found, uh. I don't even know how to tell you guys this. I can't explain it.
LANCE: please try, i am literally dying of anticipation
KEITH: I found Matt.

[Pidge and Shiro are shocked]

KEITH: ...and another Shiro.

[Now everyone looks at an alarmed Shiro]

KEITH: He didn't know if he was Shiro's dreamself or not, but, Pidge, Matt told me about the transportalizers--I just went back and told you about it.
PIDGE: i remember that!
PIDGE: youre sure it was matt??
PIDGE: really really sure???
KEITH: Completely.
SHIRO: But how?
KEITH: I guess this carapace guy saved him? I don't know the specifics.
KEITH: They're all coming here soon, though.
KEITH: ...Unfortunately, during the Reckoning.
PIDGE: youre fucking kidding me
KEITH: Did anyone tell Pidge's dad what to do with the transportalizers?
HUNK: ...oh, yeah, i did. i saw it in the clouds.
HUNK: can't they come NOT during the Reckoning though? that seems dangerous.
PIDGE: you think??
KEITH: I don't know if there's any other time they CAN come.
KEITH: Lance, you're gonna have to go find the other transportalizer. It'll be on the battlefield somewhere.
LANCE: :/ 
KEITH: We can meet up with him to protect everyone, okay, Pidge?
PIDGE: ...okay
SHIRO: We will definitely do that.
SHIRO: Did you learn anything else important, Keith?
KEITH: Yeah, maybe.
KEITH: I got a ring off the Black Queen, and you said that we might need a ring for the Forge.
KEITH: Also, Pidge, where's your dreamself?
PIDGE: out in the veil, why?
KEITH: Be really careful, okay? You might lose it soon.
PIDGE: how???
KEITH: They're almost here. I don't think we're going to make it in time.

[Pidge's dreamself is sleeping on a meteor]
[A suspiciously-shaped shadow approaches...]



==>




LANCE: then what do we do??

SHIRO: Keep playing. We haven't lost yet.

KEITH: Yeah, that.

PIDGE: then lets make a plan already

PIDGE: shiro did you try your space powers yet?

SHIRO: I can levitate things.

PIDGE: can you shrink them too?

SHIRO: ...I don't know, why?

PIDGE: well if you need to bring alluras planet over, itll be easier if its smaller

SHIRO: That makes sense.

SHIRO: I'll try that, then. And Lance's job is finding the transportalizer.

LANCE: yeah got it

SHIRO: Keith, you guys go out into the furthest ring when you sleep, now, right?

KEITH: Yeah. You want me to take a nap and look for the other players?

SHIRO: Maybe. They can't kill you if you're not really there, right?

KEITH: I don't think so.

HUNK: Okay, what do we do, then?

SHIRO: ...You can help with my frogs while I'm gone? I don't think there's anything else that needs doing.

SHIRO: Not until the Reckoning, anyway.

LANCE: and how are we gonna know if the Reckoning has started?

KEITH: It's got meteors.

LANCE: cool

HUNK: you know, Pidge, i distinctly remember you saying i wouldn't have to worry about meteors once i got in the game.

PIDGE: oh shut up

PIDGE: shiro let me go grab you my jetpack, ill be right back




==>



[Shiro with a jetpack, zooming off towards the veil with tiny grey planet in hand]
[Lance wandering Skaia, looking around]
[Hunk and Pidge examining the frog equipment stuff]
[Keith lying down for a nap nearby]



==>
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




[Keith's dream ghost flickers into existence out in the middle of nowhere]
[He turns]
[Zarkon is there]



Chapter End Notes
if this fic is a roller coaster, then we are very nearly at the highest peak. strap in. :D


> Shiro: Find Allura
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes







[Shiro pauses at a stretch of empty space, past the veil, mini grey sixth planet in hand; another veil is in the distance]
[Then he continues on]
[He flies toward the only spot of color in the other session]
[Shiro lands already on a lush, pulsing, dripping planet: the Land of Sap and New Growth]
[Allura floats into view, shocked]
[They stare at each other a moment]



Chapter End Notes
trying to get yall a full res version of the incipisphere is killing me hrnfhff just. go here and click "download" on the right and you can read it T_T


==>



[Shiro gives Allura a shy little smile and wave]
[Allura practically tackles him in a hug, which, after a moment, he returns]

ALLURA: I'm so pleased to meet you!

SHIRO: It's nice to meet you too, Allura.

[She floats back a little to look at him]

ALLURA: You're thanatoidAstronaut, yes?

SHIRO: Yes!

SHIRO: My name is Shiro. 

ALLURA: Shiro. :)

ALLURA: How did you get here?

SHIRO: I flew.

[Shiro hold up his hands to mime the incipisphere]

SHIRO: Our sessions are neighbors.

SHIRO: But instead of a fence, we have... no man's land, I guess.

ALLURA: I suppose that explains a lot.

ALLURA: The horrorterrors never seemed to understand my questions when I asked where all of you were.

SHIRO: So you ARE Derse.

ALLURA: Yes? Surely your Derse had evidence that I should be there.

SHIRO: It does, but there's an empty room on Prospit, so we weren't sure.

SHIRO: I guess that room is mine, then.

ALLURA: Shouldn't it look like your room?

SHIRO: Yes, but it's empty, and my dreamself ended up on Earth somehow. I don't know, there's a lot that's weird about our session.

SHIRO: I don't suppose you've been to Prospit here? 

ALLURA: I'm afraid not. It seemed pointless, given it's as grey as everything else.

SHIRO: Well, never mind. It's probably not important.




==>
Chapter Notes
chapter 200!! 200!!! what am i doing with my life!!!!!




ALLURA: I have so many questions for you.

ALLURA: How is everyone doing? I've seen signs of everyone's progress, but it isn't much to go on.

SHIRO: We're doing well. I think we'd be close to beating the game if our session wasn't split like this.

SHIRO: Keith and Lance both reached god tier--that's groundedAviator and amorousTailor--and it looks like you did too? What exactly is your title?

[Allura looks down at herself]

ALLURA: Muse of Blood.

ALLURA: Which sounds rather grim, I suppose, but blood doesn't mean literal blood.

SHIRO: Well, light doesn't mean literal light, either.

SHIRO: I'm sorry you've had to go it alone, Allura.

ALLURA: I do have Coran with me--the groundskeeper. And my father is my sprite.

ALLURA: But... I am very glad you're here.

ALLURA: Where is everyone else? Are they coming?

SHIRO: Actually, I'm here to bring you back with me.

SHIRO: And some other things. 

SHIRO: Do you know where the black king is?

ALLURA: Yes, Skaia. Why?

SHIRO: We'll need to defeat him to win the game, which means we need to bring him back with us.

SHIRO: Apparently the white queen is here too, but she defected, so we probably don't want to bring her back.

SHIRO: I also have to bring your planet back with us.

ALLURA: The entire planet!?

SHIRO: Yeah. I brought our copy of it, see?

[Shiro lifts the tiny grey planet for her to look at]

ALLURA: Oh... It's just like all your planets, here. But small.

SHIRO: I shrunk it.

ALLURA: Incredible.

ALLURA: Will you shrink the King too?

SHIRO: That's the plan. 

ALLURA: Then what are we waiting for?




==>



[Zarkon murders Keith's dream ghost]
[Keith starts awake and flies off, leaving Pidge and Hunk staring]



==>



[Allura and Shiro are flying high above her planet]
[He gestures and shrinks the planet, then hands it to Allura]
[Alforsprite and Coran, now tiny, look up at her]



==>



[Above gray!Skaia, and the Black King specifically, Shiro gestures again... but nothing happens]
[He looks at his hands. Allura, still carrying her planet, looks too]

ALLURA: What is it?

SHIRO: I can't shrink him. 

SHIRO: Maybe it's because we have to defeat him later. It'd be cheating.

ALLURA: Hm.




==>



[They land well away from the Black King]

SHIRO: Maybe I can shrink this whole planet, too? But we don't need two Skaias.

ALLURA: Perhaps you could just levitate him there?

[Behind them... the White Queen lurks, Dersite sword in hand]



> Be the White Queen



[The White Queen approaches the oblivious pair]
You are the White Queen, and you've done only what you had to to survive. You'll continue to do so.
[She runs Shiro through]
There's no winning here.



==>



[Allura freaks out a little]
[The she turns on the Queen with glowy eyes]

ALLURA: You will pay for this.




> Allura: Make her pay
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




[Allura kicks the White Queen's ass, and takes her ring]
[The Black King has come to investigate; she punts him into the stratosphere]
[Then she slings Shiro over her shoulder and blasts off. If this were a flash there'd be an overlay of Shrek for the callback lmao]



Chapter End Notes
that was a note i included for my own amusement at the time but w/e im keeping it (referring to this convo between shiro and lance)


==>
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




[Lance, still wandering Skaia, finds Pidge's dead dreamself and the White King's head]
[He looks up to see Honerva start the Reckoning with the White King's scepter]



Chapter End Notes
here we go :)


==>



[All the babies (except Kuro) are on meteors with their letters. They go through various gates]



==>



[The temple meteor starts falling, with SM, RW, CR, and baby Kuro]
[SM tosses his transportalizer out a window and off the meteor just before they reach the gate]
[The meteor goes through the gate]
[The transportalizer crashes into the battlefield]



> Be the Ceremonial Robber, years in the past
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




[CR, RW, and SM all standing together]You survived the fall, and you're not the only one.[CR shakily offers the baby to them]They're from Prospit and they outnumber you. Surrender is the only option.[RW takes the baby, SM points elsewhere]Luckily for you, they're content just to send you away. Probably because you're all unarmed and outside the Medium now, anyway.
But that's fine. You still have a mission here, after all.[Closeup of determined CR]You need to report back to your Queen.



Chapter End Notes
rw: ive only ever raised baby birds but thats close enough, probably


==>



[Allura pins Shiro's jetpack to the Black King's back with her staff]
[They travel through the space between the Veils like that]



==>



[Keith is out in the middle of nowhere, looking towards the Veil]
[Zarkon appears behind him]
[Keith turns around just in time to get stabbed]



==>



[Lance is running in fear]
[He trips over the transportalizer]
[He yanks it out of the ground and sets it down. It turns itself on]



==>



[On Prospit, the carapaces are running and screaming. Zarkon looms]
[He floats to the towers on the moon and kills Hunk's dreamself]



==>
Chapter Notes
yeah this is the same art as before




[All the exiles file through the transportalizer onto the battlefield while Lance freaks out; Kuro faints]





LANCE: keith holy shit
LANCE: shes here
LANCE: she killed pidges dreamself
LANCE: shes here
KEITH: Lance, breathe. Who's here?
LANCE: honerva
LANCE: she started the reckoning
LANCE: theyre already here
LANCE: whatre we gonna do???
KEITH: ...I guess we'll have to fight.
LANCE: keith theyre gonna murder us
KEITH: They can try.
KEITH: Take care of Kuro. I need to go back in time and talk to Pidge's dad.
KEITH: I'll see you soon. You can do this.








==>
Chapter Notes
drew these at work, hence the sticky notes lmao. im sorry for making zarkon pretty. it was an accident. i hope the grimdark effects i did with my mouse make up for it.
gonna post a recap tomorrow, i think we could use a little catching up on all the moving pieces here (i know i did orz)












RECAP
Chapter Notes

previous recap

i drew some diagrams. i hope it helps :v though the timeline shenanigans might still be unclear... lmk



Last recap left off shortly before Lance hits god tier. Good for him! Keith owes him a kiss now. When they reunite on Skaia, they find the dead Archagent, proving that yes, Prospit won the war (remember that? yeah). Unfortunately, this means they may be in a doomed timeline, since Derse was supposed to win...
On Earth, CR reunites with BQ, who insists he finish his quest (which we learn shortly was kidnapping the Space player, Shiro).



Back in the game, the team starts seeking out their denizens. Shiro's Choice has apparently been made for him, and Keith was told to try again later. Two important facts are established: one, that Allura is a Derse dreamer and therefore the empty room on Prospit's moon must be Shiro's, and two, that the god tier kids find themselves out past the Veil when they sleep, instead of on either moon.
CR, in the past, kidnaps baby dreamer!Shiro (AKA... Shiro) at the moment of his creation, hence the empty room. (Also, he's the reason the Black Queen has a Prospitian sword later.)
We meet Kuro! He's on Earth and was raised by one of the exiles (RW, specifically). He launches his station.
Lance and Keith just kill Lance's denizen, but Hunk and Pidge make their Choices. Cetus implies to Pidge that there is an outside threat approaching, and they need to hustle on finding the missing pieces of their game so they can win quickly--and they can't reset, because woops, that's already happened. Hunk does his seer thing and finds said missing pieces in another session, presumably Allura's.
Meanwhile, Lance takes a nap and meets his pre-Scratch counterpart, Blaytz, who warns him that two players from his session--Zarkon and Honerva--went grimdark, escaped the reset, and are coming to kill them. Yay! Also, their session is fucky because the prior session was fuckier (namely, they had a functional pair of every element of the game). Mystery solved, I guess.
Hunk and Pidge take their turn to nap. Pidge finds the copy of the ectobiology lab and uses it to make Matt out of the paradox goop of herself and Lance. Both are disturbed by this. Pidge moves on and sees Yaldabaoth out there in the hole in the horrorterrors, which, incidentally, Zarkon and Honerva have now reached; she realizes it must be Allura's denizen.
Elsewhere, Hunk looks at the clouds and finally tells RW to tell Sam what to do with the transportalizers he built according to future!Keith's instructions like a hundred chapters ago. RW passes the message on personally, and all three of them (RW, SM, and Sam) go to the temple meteor. Sam takes one transportalizer into the time lotus thing with him; the other stays with SM.



Lance realizes Allura had to be the first one into the game and therefore paradoxically created them all, and that's why they have letters from her. He accidentally prompts Keith to close a massive causal loop by asking him to go back and check; Keith goes back too far, to the creation of the session, and splits the copies (and Allura's planet) away from the rest. But hey, at least now they know they're neighbors...
On Earth, RW launches his station. Matt messages Pidge, prompting her to ask Keith to use the Reckoning to get to Earth to look for their mom, who's with him. He launches, too.
Allura makes some babies and writes some letters. 
Kuro lands to find CR and BQ, who react accordingly. RW joins them soon after and SM is already there, albeit a little trapped (stuck, perhaps... in his home... no it's okay, I'll go). Matt lands too, with Colleen, to find... all of that going on. 
Naturally, this is when Keith shows up. He kills BQ and claims her ring; Matt tells him to tell his dad the transportalizer stuff; they establish that Kuro is maybe Shiro's dreamself? (Spoiler alert: he isn't.)



Sam finally gets out of the lotus with his transportalizer, right on time, and everyone files onto it... and back into the game, where/when the Reckoning is already happening. Kuro passes out. Lance tells Keith that Honerva killed Pidge's dreamself and started the Reckoning; Keith fails to be comforting, relays the transportalizer message, and then rejoins the linear timeline again (aka goes back in time a little to more or less when he left, four paragraphs ago).



Up on the temple meteor, just prior to the Reckoning (aka in the linear timeline), CR hops out of the lotus, goes to a lab, sees Allura, and decides to swap out his dreamer baby (Shiro) for the real deal (Kuro).
With everyone together at last (pre-Reckoning), they go ahead and split up again. Lance goes to Skaia to find the transportalizer, Shiro jetpacks off to Allura's session with the miniaturized copy of her planet, and Keith naps to try and find their approaching doom. Hunk and Pidge play with frogs. Keith's dream ghost is promptly murdered by Zarkon.



Shiro makes it to Allura's session and finally meets her (after she's returned from the baby-making). They debrief, then swap out the planets and head to her Skaia. The White Queen is there, with the Black King's sword, and she murders Shiro; Allura murders her in turn and claims her ring. She sets off for the main session with Shiro's body and the Black King in tow.
Lance doesn't find the transportalizer, but he does find Pidge's dead dreamself and Honerva, who has killed the White King. She starts the Reckoning herself; all the babies get launched through their respective portals (except Kuro, who's now with CR; Shiro, the dreamself, goes to Earth in his place). CR has taken a transportalizer to the temple meteor (with the intention of getting back in the lotus), where SM and RW already are (and Sam, technically, but he's in the lotus); it starts falling, too, and SM tosses the transportalizer out onto the battlefield before they hit the gate. On Earth, CR surrenders the baby to RW and leaves to find his exiled Queen.



Back in the session, a few things happen very quickly: Allura crosses from one session into the other, Keith gets stabbed again for real this time, Lance finds the transportalizer, and Hunk's dreamself is killed. The exiles come through the transportalizer and Kuro passes out. And Zarkon has found Hunk and Pidge...



Onwards!



> Be the Conciliatory Rover



[CR tugs on Lance's cape]
You inform the Prospitian Prince that the man who just fainted is the human who was supposed to be here in the first place, and the one who is already here is his dreamself. It's the least you can do at this point.You really hope that that wasn't too convoluted for him understand.
[Lance is shocked]
But you seem to have gotten your point across.



==>



[Lance looks up and freaks out again]
[Honerva has caught up]

LANCE: oh, shit.

[He looks back at all the exiles]

LANCE: RUN




==>



[Zarkon standing over Pidge and Hunk's dead bodies]
[He flies off]



==>
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes










Chapter End Notes
another work doodle. keiths death was neither heroic or just, he just got ambushed, so, yknow. back to life he goes. :D


==>
Chapter Notes
more work doodles~












==>
Chapter Notes
heads up, updates are probably gonna slow down a bit bc theres a LOT in this last part of the story that i do want to draw. not everything, obviously, but so much of the endgame is people doing things instead of talking about doing things so like... yeah. wont be as slow as way back at the beginning, but yeah, probably not every day anymore either...
also, if any of yall have been waiting in the woodwork wanting to draw something for this fic, this is a good time to speak up haha



[Keith flies back towards LODAF]



==>




















==>



[Allura arrives in the session. For a moment, she's taken by all the color]
[But she rallies quickly and punts the Black King again, this time down towards Skaia]
[And then she flies towards LODAF]



==>



[Honerva is dead. It's Just]
[Lance gets up slowly, heaving Kuro up with him]

LANCE: i dont even care if youre the real shiro or not

LANCE: youre not dying on my watch

[Wobbily, he floats off towards LODAF]



==>
Chapter Notes
BY THE WAY i made a playable version of shiros land (as in, yes, a game), you can read more about that here



[Keith arrives on LODAF to find Hunk and Pidge dead]
[His future self is already holding Pidge, so he grabs Hunk]
[They both set off towards Prospit/Derse]



==>






LANCE: oh, hey
LANCE: you must be allura
ALLURA: I am.
ALLURA: ...If he and his dreamself both are dead, we may need to bring him to his sacrificial slab.
LANCE: i dont know if hell even have one. dream stuff was always weird with him
LANCE: ...i guess because he was the dreamself all along
LANCE: besides, which one should we revive? theyre both people
ALLURA: You have a point.




==>
Chapter Notes
uhh mildly flashy gif ahead! but i dont think to the point itll cause problems...















==>



[Keith puts Hunk on his sacrificial slab and goes back towards LODAF]
[Keith puts Pidge on her sacrificial slab]



==>



[Zarkon arrives on Skaia, where he finds the Black King]



> Shiro: Rise up?
Chapter Notes
i havent turned on my computer in days >>;







???: Oh, god.

???: Who am I?




> Hunk and Pidge: Rise up
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes













Chapter End Notes
seer of hope and witch of light!!


==>
Chapter Notes
oh my god its been a week im sorry--
ive been working on my latest project (original, not fanfic) on a typewriter bc less distractions but the result is i havent turned on my computer in..... a while...............



[Zarkon finds Honerva's body. He's mad about it]
[He picks up the White King's scepter]



==>



[Lance and Allura arrive on Skaia, very concerned]
[Shiro? is on the ground, clutching his head]

LANCE: oh my god

LANCE: okay, i think i can fix this

[Lance kneels beside Shiro?, puts a hand on his chest, and uses his heart powers]



==>



[Keith flies down towards Skaia]
[Pidge flies down towards Skaia]
[Hunk flies down towards Skaia]



==>
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes













KURO: Uh... Hey.




Chapter End Notes
kuro is a knight of void! yay for him!


==>
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




[Everyone else arrives and reacts accordingly (mostly "wtf???")]
LANCE: okay, everybody, this is allura and kuro
LANCE: kuro, allura, this is everybody
EVERYBODY: ...
[And then Zarkon shows up, holding the White King's scepter. The Reckoning is still going]



Chapter End Notes
updated the chapter count because apparently i fucked up,,


> Allura: Try to reason with him



[Allura steps forward from the group]

ALLURA: We don't have to fight, Zarkon.

ALLURA: You don't have to do this.

[Zarkon raises his hand, and Allura is hoisted up as if by an invisible hook]

ZARKON: YES I DO.




> Team: Save her



[Shiro is the first to attack, with his glowing prosthetic fist]

SHIRO: Let her go!

[Keith follows, sword at the ready]
[Then Lance and Pidge, gun and knives in hand, respectively]
[Hunk lifts his gun, too]

HUNK: oh man, okay, Zarkon, you're going down.

[Kuro looks at them all, then down at himself again]

KURO: Okay. I can do this.

[And he jumps in, too]



==>



[Shiro and Kuro, punching side by side]
[Lance firing over Keith's shoulder]
[Hunk firing while Pidge takes a breather behind him]
[And Allura, breaking free with eyes glowing]



==>



[The exiles show up to watch]

MATT: should we... help?

SAM: I think they've got this.

[Allura shows up next to them and taps Matt on the shoulder]

ALLURA: May I borrow that?

MATT: whoa. uh, yeah.

[He hands over his staff, blushing. Allura flies back into the fray with it]



> Allura: Save yourself
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




[Allura wallops a weakened Zarkon upside the head with the staff, breaking his neck][He's dead. It's Just][And then she slams the staff down against the scepter, which breaks][Everyone turns and smiles at each other]



Chapter End Notes
in retrospect, thats pretty brutal, allura... :/c


> Hunk: Realize something



[Pidge reunites with her family]
[Kuro introduces RW to Shiro, who clearly has no idea how to react to this]
[Keith and Lance are chatting]
[And Hunk looks up]

HUNK: uh, guys?




==>



[Hunk looking up and everyone else is too]
[There are still gates over Skaia, still meteors falling]

HUNK: the Reckoning's still going.




> Team: Huddle
Chapter Notes
im on vacation for the next week and a half and my internet will be spotty at best, so... see you in august!



[Group huddle]

MATT: well, shit. that's bad, right?

HUNK: yeah, it's bad. 

ALLURA: Perhaps we simply need to kill the Black King?

SHIRO: Then we'll have to go back to the other session.

SHIRO: Right, Allura? What happened? I think I was stabbed.

KEITH: You were WHAT?

ALLURA: I brought the Black King, don't worry. 

SHIRO: How?

KEITH: Hold on--

ALLURA: I have my ways.

KEITH: SHIRO?

SHIRO: Keith, you know we've already had this conversation, right? Just in the other direction.

KEITH: Meaning you DIED?

SHIRO: Keith.

KEITH: ...

ALLURA: ...

LANCE: ...

PIDGE: ...

HUNK: ...

MATT: ...

SHIRO: ...

KURO: ...?

KEITH: ...Fine. Sorry, continue.

PIDGE: okay hunk can you find the black king?

HUNK: yeah, gimme a sec.




==>
Chapter Notes

https://media3.giphy.com/media/U3NTpMnO6EQ6s/giphy.gif




[Hunk looks in his crystal ball]

HUNK: so i hate to be the bearer of bad news, again,
HUNK: but the Black King's already dead.
HUNK: so... now what?
LANCE: well...
LANCE: the previous players had to do everything twice, so maybe we have another black king to kill?
HUNK: yeaaaah there's only one.
PIDGE: so... break the scepter twice?
SHIRO: But it's already broken.
KURO: Yeah, I don't think that's gonna work.
KEITH: Oh.
KEITH: OH.
KEITH: I know what to do.




> Keith: Face your denizen again



[Keith goes back to face his denizen, this time with Lance in tow]
KEITH: Hi, Hephaestus. Me again.
KEITH: Can you fix this?
[He holds up the broken scepter]



==>



[Keith holding the fixed scepter, Lance peering over his shoulder]

LANCE: not gonna lie, i didnt think that would work
LANCE: so, what, we just break it again?
KEITH: I guess.
KEITH: Let's go back out.




> Team: Win



[They rejoin the others on Keith's planet, which is now green and lush]
[Keith snaps the scepter over his knee]
[Everyone looks toward Skaia]

SHIRO: I think it worked.

PIDGE: yeah

PIDGE: looks like it did

HUNK: oh thank god.

MATT: ...not gonna lie, that was pretty anticlimactic.

LANCE: tell me about it




==>



[Keith pulls Shiro aside]

KEITH: Hey...

SHIRO: Hey. I'm alive.

KEITH: Yeah, but... I dunno. Are you okay?

SHIRO: Are you?

KEITH: ...Fair enough.

KEITH: I'm sorry I wasn't there.

SHIRO: Believe me when I say none of us could have predicted any of this would happen.

SHIRO: So don't worry about it, okay?

SHIRO: We've nearly won, now. There's only a little bit left to do.

KEITH: Like what?

SHIRO: I have to put Allura's planet in place, for one thing.

KEITH: Okay.




==>



[Shiro goes to put Allura's planet in place, Kuro follows]

KURO: Hey... Can we talk?

SHIRO: About what?

KURO: ...My existence, I guess.

SHIRO: Oh. Yeah, okay.

SHIRO: ...

KURO: ...

SHIRO: Okay, I'll start.




==>



[Shiro and Kuro standing/floating together, apart from the others]

SHIRO: I hear I was the dreamself all along.

SHIRO: And that makes you... the real me, I guess.

KURO: No!

KURO: I mean, you still got to grow up and everything. You still had a whole life. I, um, saw it. When we were... merged.

SHIRO: I saw yours, too.

SHIRO: I'm sorry you had to go through all that. It must have been lonely.

KURO: No--I mean, yes it was, but that's not the point. The point is you're not, you know, fake. 

SHIRO: I never said that. 

KURO: You're thinking it. I know you're thinking it. 

SHIRO: ...

SHIRO: I AM just a construct of the game, apparently, so...

KURO: Nope!

SHIRO: But--

KURO: No.

SHIRO: Kuro--

KURO: Nuh-uh. Nope.

SHIRO: ...

KURO: Are you done?

SHIRO: Not in the slightest. 

KURO: Well, it's my turn anyway. 




==>



[Kuro puts his hand on Shiro's shoulder]

KURO: I know you know that "heart," in the context of the game, means "soul."

KURO: We aren't the same person. We have two different souls. If that weren't true, Lance wouldn't have been able to separate us.

KURO: Besides, look at me. Look at what I am. 

[He gestures to the symbol on his shirt: Void]

KURO: I'm a Knight of Void. There isn't a planet here for me or anything, is there? There wasn't supposed to be a Void player. Just you, the Space player. 

KURO: And it IS you, not me. Maybe you are the dreamself, but you were always the one meant to play the game with everyone. 

KURO: I'm lucky to be here at all. 




==>



[Kuro floats back self-consciously, hands in pockets]
KURO: So... that's what I think. KURO: And I don't want you to have to go around feeling like you're the extra one, here. KURO: Because you're not. SHIRO: Oh.
[Shiro hugs a rather surprised Kuro]

KURO: Um.

SHIRO: If I can't be the extra one, neither can you. 

SHIRO: You thought of me as your twin, growing up, right?

KURO: Oh. Yeah. 

KURO: Do you... want that?

SHIRO: It'll take some getting used to, I won't lie. 

SHIRO: But I think it might be nice to have a brother. 




==>



[They both pull back from the hug, smiling]

SHIRO: Why don't you go work on the frog? I need to put Allura's planet where it's supposed to be. 

KURO: Sounds good to me. :)




==>



[Shiro heads off to enlarge Allura's planet, Allura follows]
[Kuro goes to LODAF]
[Pidge (and Matt, now equipped with a jet pack) go to LOLAB]
[Everyone else goes to their planets too]



==>



[Everyone's grist rigs start spewing grist at Skaia]
[Kuro holds a tank with a glowing tadpole in it, Slavsprite is there]

KURO: Did I do it right?

SLAVSPRITE: There is a 0.00000276 percent chance you did it wrong!

KURO: Good enough for me.

SLAVSPRITE: Now toss it in the Forge!

KURO: ...What?




==>



[Everyone gathers at the top of the Forge]

KURO: Well... here goes nothin'.

[He tosses the tadpole in. Everyone watches. Nothing happens]

KEITH: Is this the part where we toss a ring in too?

SHIRO: I guess?

[Keith throws the Black Queen's ring into the Forge. Nothing happens]

ALLURA: Perhaps it needs two, again.

[She tosses the White Queen's ring in, too]



==>



[The Forge erupts, making them all scramble back]
[The tadpole is launched into Skaia]



> Frog: Croak



[Frog croaks]



==>



[Everyone's on the platform by the door, including the exiles, Coran, and the sprites(?), ready to claim the Ultimate Reward. Hunk is hugging Pidge, lifting her off the ground. Matt is chatting with Allura. Shiro and Kuro are listening to RW and SM. Keith and Lance are in the foreground]

KEITH: I still owe you a kiss, don't I?

LANCE: yeah you do




==>







PIDGE: what the hell, when did THAT happen

HUNK: it's been a while now, Pidge.

SHIRO: Shh, don't interrupt their moment. 




==>



[Keith and Lance are grinning at each other like the sappy idiots they are. Everyone in the background is still like wtf]

LANCE: shall we go claim our reward?

KEITH: Let's.




==>.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes










Chapter End Notes
im free!! FREEEEEE!!!! *cackles*
oh whats this, homestuck tweeted something?? alright then guess im here forever
jokes aside YES THIS FIC IS FINALLY OVER THANKS FOR STICKING AROUND I LOVE YOU ALL <333



Afterword


End Notes
hmu at maternalcube. next chapter happens when it happens.
id like to commission people to illustrate chapters occasionally, hmu if youre interested with pricing and how much time you need, and like... a fave character or something, there is so much to pick from. :')im not really able to pay anymore BUT if anything ive posted strikes your fancy: YES, YOU MAY DRAW IT! and i will happily put it in the fic if you do :)


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



