



The Filthiest Angel - BeautyButterBae - Zhong warifalseserahu
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

The Filthiest Angel
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/5163884.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
終わりのセラフ | Owari no Seraph | Seraph of the End
Relationship:
Hiiragi Shinya/Ichinose Guren, Hiiragi Kureto/Hiiragi Shinya/Ichinose Guren, Hiiragi Kureto/Hiiragi Shinya, Hiiragi Kureto/Ichinose Guren
Character:
Hiiragi Shinya, Ichinose Guren, Hiiragi Kureto, Goshi Norito, Hiiragi Seishirou
Additional Tags:
Sexting, If you can sext by passing notes that is, Inappropriate Erections, Public Hand Jobs, Bad Flirting, Aphrodisiacs, Dirty Thoughts, Dirty Talk, Groping, Pseudo-Incest, Hand Jobs, Blow Jobs, Oral Sex, Voice Kink, Orgasm Delay/Denial, Shinya being a pretentious little shit, Guren slowly losing his shit, Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot, Well maybe a tiny bit of plot, Threesome, Threesome - M/M/M, Bad Puns, Anal Fingering, Anal Sex, Kureto being awkward as shit at dirty talk
Stats:

        Published: 2015-11-07
          Completed: 2015-12-07
          Chapters: 2/2
        Words: 12805
      

The Filthiest Angel
by BeautyButterBae
Summary
‘Let me just tell you, this is absolutely fucked up.’
Shinya nodded, almost patronizingly, penning his last reply. ‘Oh, of course it is. But you’ll do it anyway, won’t you?’
Guren felt the blond’s gaze penetrate through his skull. He *would* do it. That was the beauty of Shinya’s manipulation.
(Aka Guren’s life would probably be much easier if Shinya wasn’t the owner of the mind of a kinky 15-year-old. Although he had only himself to blame for always falling for his silly tricks.)[Mostly GureShin, with the later addition of Kureto for threesome's sake.]
Notes
I noticed there were many angsty, serious stories about Guren and Shinya, so I decided to contribute something light-hearted, easy to digest, and (hopefully) sexy to the fandom.
Oh, and threesomes with Kureto. Because we're suffering from a painful lack of those.
The title came from the combination of the fact that I cannot get over how gorgeously Shinya is animated, with the amount of smut I have seen of him in the darkest parts of my mind. Seems Guren might be suffering from a similar condition, so who am I to judge.
Alright, enjoy taking a dip in this shameless, self-indulgent pond of smut~




Chapter 1
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Guren released a wide yawn. Rubbing his temples languidly, he looked over to the clock on the wall. He had successfully spaced out for over fifteen minutes of the weekly general meeting, including no less than ten minutes of Kureto's tedious speech on the means of breaking the stalemate in the war against the vampires. All of the present officers had already heard the proposed methodology, knew it by heart even, yet were forced to listen to it once again, in hopes that someone's mind might spark a breakthrough idea, or a report of high relevance might suddenly appear, giving the committee just the solution they needed. Guren's mind however, was hardly of any use at the moment, and he was certainly not one to file in reports. Convinced by his long neglected sense of duty, he only summoned enough strength to attend the meetings, in a mild dread of missing out on some urgent information. Although, sitting at the round desk and listening to the minutes tick by at a frustratingly slow pace, he was convinced that no update from the front was worth the suffering.Dejected, he glanced to his side. He was lucky enough to sit beside Shinya on this particular occasion. The lack of animosity against him from at least one of his desk-mates was a pleasant change. Although it still wasn't quite as entertaining as he had hoped; his friend only seemed to be diligently writing down the information dictated by Kureto. As amusing as he could have been at times, his agreeable nature also caused him to be incredibly dull on other occasions, Guren concluded. Not quite enough of that 'naughty boy' flare that he proudly bared himself, he thought shaking his head in disappointment. He felt his hair fall back into its natural position, yet discovered he simply couldn't be bothered enough to slick it back into its proper formal, as he enjoyed calling it, arrangement. He pinched the bridge of his nose, feeling his eyes droop. He could no longer tell whether it was his utter boredom or Kureto's monotone voice that slowly lulled him to sleep.Just as he decided to take an innocent mid-meeting nap, a wandering piece of folded paper slipped against his hand. He turned his head only to be met by Shinya's gentle gaze, prompting him to read the message. Only briefly rolling his eyes, he opened the small flap.The writing read: 'Hey Guren, did you know you look more handsome than ever today?'His drowsiness was certainly dispelled, but immediately, he felt irritated. If there was anything more aggravating than the message itself, it was the fact Shinya wrote in perfect calligraphy - a fact Guren often preferred to forget. As if the appearance of the human incarnation of an angel, his personality very well equivalent to the slyest spawn of Satan himself and his ability to shoot demonic silver tigers from a sniper rifle weren't enough, he just had to use the neatest, most sophisticated calligraphy Guren had ever seen, as a last spit in the face of sorts. He was certain, Shinya would have been that pretentious kid in middle school attending the calligraphy club, if only he were given the chance. And he was quite correct – the platinum blond was nothing if not pretentious.In an instant, he straightened the piece of paper on the table and wrote the answer below the original message in his somewhat clumsy, rushed characters, which in comparison to Shinya's certainly looked like the work of a middle schooler. And not a member of the calligraphy society either. He passed the paper back to the man, his breath a large sigh.'What is it that you need now?' read the writing. Shinya chuckled, penning down his reply before pushing the paper back in Guren's direction, a sweet smile now upon his lips.'Well, frankly, I'd appreciate if you'd fuck me senseless as soon as this meeting ends.' He winked nonchalantly the moment Guren lifted his eyes from the page. He smirked now, gripping his pen a little tighter, a playful glimmer in his eyes.'How is it that you still act like a horny fifteen-year-old at your age?' Shinya almost cackled at the reply.'Embracing my sexuality, I call it.' Guren could almost feel the easy-going shrug in the writing. 'Wouldn't you indulge me though? I won't beg you, but there's no cock like yours.'Complimenting his assets – a low move. Low, but extremely effective on Guren. Not that he didn't come to realize Shinya's strategy; this was nothing new. But the only thing he enjoyed having stroked more than his cock, was his ego.'Alright. Consider me convinced.' He passed the note back to the man, who now grinned expectantly, already knowing what he was in for.'Ah, I knew you'd make the right choice, Guren.' The man briefly lifted his eyes from the page, only to notice Shinya's signature manipulative smirk. It was at such moments he realized he didn't mind being manipulated at all, granted one of the consequences would be no-strings-attached sex with Shinya. The blond provided for a pleasant relief of military tension. And he was ridiculously gorgeous for a member of the army. If only he weren't a teasing little shit 90% of the time he spent out of bed. Guren shook his head and went on reading. 'Shall we specify the details now? Where, when exactly, and, most importantly, how? PS – I could use a nice, slow fuck for a change.'Just when Guren was about to write the response, he glanced at Shinya, curious whether his silly face had any other non-verbal messages for him. He didn't quite expect the sheer amount of filthy thoughts appearing in his expression. Thus, to his great surprise, he found the insistent, excited blue eyes shut, a light smile on his lips, as a shiver came down his spine. A soft flush crept up his cheeks. Guren had a feeling he knew exactly what Shinya was visualizing at the moment. His thoughts were as filthy as they could get. Perhaps the only issue with Shinya's dirty mind was how often and just how blatantly he had come to use it. Dreading a restless moan spilling from the blond's lips (and simultaneously silently wishing for nothing else than hearing at least a sample of his helpless voice), Guren tapped his hand with his pen.Once his eyes were open once more, he sent Guren a lustful grin. The thrill in his half-lidded eyes now seemed to gain a deeper shade. His partner suddenly became aware of the implications of Shinya's mood.Raising his brows scornfully, Guren hastily wrote down his most recent concern. 'You're hard, aren't you?'Shinya didn't even bother suppressing his soft cackle. He penned the shameless reply. 'Been for almost an hour now, but thanks for noticing.'Guren only rolled his eyes with a sigh. Of course, he'd be hard. He shook his head in self-reproach for ever giving the man the benefit of the doubt.Shinya now slowly traced down Guren's palm with the tips of his fingers, placing his neat, deliberate characters on the sheet of paper, the ever so brilliant smile consistently gracing his lips. 'Wanna cop a feel?'Guren held his breath. "Fuck no" he wanted to reply at the speed of light, yet his mind kept pushing into his conscious the idea that perhaps "fuck yes" he wanted to touch him then and there. But Shinya must have been kidding; Guren knew very well that he was capable of taking a joke way too far, just to relish his amusing reaction. Even at that moment, he must have been thoroughly entertained, seeing his inner struggle, proving that he craved him more than anything at the moment. Not that he had any use for said information. He simply adored toying with Guren and his sweet contradictions. The deep blue of his playful, all but ravenous eyes watched him in anticipation. Guren could swear, if his smirk went any wider, he was sure to see pearly fangs waiting to be ever so softly buried in his flesh.He certainly wasn't kidding this time. Very well, then.Guren smirked back. Shinya wiggled his eyebrows. There were few things more satisfying than seeing the man narrowly escape his intimidation. If there was anything he loved more than teasing Guren, it must have been witnessing the return of his overconfidence. He was overjoyed to see him finally replying to his message.'Pretty sure that's a terrible idea.' Guren clicked his tongue at his own wobbly underlining. He really was hopeless when it came to the visual aspect of writing. 'You sure you won't regret this later?'Of course he wouldn't, they both realized it perfectly well. The question was, however, an opportunity for Shinya to keep the man on the edge just a little bit longer. Locking eyes with Guren, he bit at the tip of the middle finger of his own white glove. He closed his lips around the fabric, with his half-lidded gaze noticing just how hard Guren seemed to swallow at the moment. The corners of his lips rose in amusement as he pulled the glove off his hand in an agonizingly slow show. The man was already deep under his charm.With his hand freed, he wrote the response to the question Guren already managed to forget. 'By all means, I insist.'Not quite losing his sense of reality and their surroundings, despite Shinya's undoubtedly mesmerizing techniques, Guren felt inclined to reiterate his stance on the issue for good measure. 'Let me just tell you, this is absolutely fucked up.'Shinya nodded, almost patronizingly, penning his last reply. 'Oh, of course it is. But you'll do it anyway, won't you?'Guren felt the blond's gaze penetrate through his skull. He would do it. That was the beauty of Shinya's manipulation.With an inviting wink, began Guren's quest. Inconspicuously, he allowed his hands to drop from their folded position on the desk to his lap. No reaction from the rest of the hall, he noted. His heart rushed in his chest for reasons he couldn't quite explain. No one was paying attention to them, no one should even notice anything was off. But the sheer thrill of attempting to touch Shinya in the middle of a meeting, among people he knew very well, almost too well for this particular ploy to succeed, set his heart at twice its usual speed.Hesitantly, he placed his palm in Shinya's thigh, to which the latter responded by covering his mouth as naturally as it was possible. He knew his body best and at his current state, he could not trust his vocal cords to remain silent. They exchanged glances, and Guren with satisfaction noted that the blond, shared his stress to some degree. Though more than anything, he was aroused, and it was painfully obvious to the both of them. His long eyelashes draping over his eyes were only one of his ways of saying just how much he wanted to be ravished by Guren on the spot.Finally, in the last act of his ultimate loss of any and all shame, he placed his hand on Shinya's cock. They maintained eye-contact now, Shinya smiling with flushed cheeks like the idiot he was and Guren feeling just how hard the idiot really was. The trousers of his uniform may have been made of thick fabric, but he had a justified feeling that if he were to stroke him, even in the most gentle way, the blond would lose his composure within seconds. But they were safe; he wasn't going to do anything that utterly moronic. Just a little check-up on Shinya, nothing more. The man's breathing was already heavier than it should have been and his eyes seemed dazed. Yes, that was enough of that, Guren thought, all good things come to an-"Shinya." Kureto's voice suddenly broke through the haze, reminding the two where they were at presently."Yes?" Shinya answered, almost unfazed. The blood in his cheeks was undeniably still there, but he forced himself to revert to his official military stance, his expression a focused facade. But of course, he wouldn't be able to stand, so the two of them prayed that the leader of the meeting wouldn't suddenly decide to exercise his control only in a mere show of power, which he did take quite some pleasure in on many occasions."I would like to see your latest report at the end of today's meeting." He announced, looking to the man."It shall be in your hands before you step out of this room." Shinya bowed his head, hearing a distant "Good" from his adoptive brother, as he reverted to the issues at hand. They were saved.Well, almost.Goshi, of all people, just had to be paying enough attention to turn to them during Kureto's address. Sitting exactly opposite to the flustered couple, he couldn't quite miss Guren's wandering hand. Glancing around for any other witnesses, he only raised the corners of his lips, showing them an approving thumbs up.Guren could swear, at that moment, he wished for nothing more than to entirely disappear off the face of the Earth. Of course, it could have been much worse, but being noticed by Goshi of all people? Now the damn pervert thought he was one of his kind. Guren shuddered. Yes, he might have been rather perverse to some degree, but he certainly did not want that information to be known to anyone except for himself and Shinya. He placed his index finger on his lips, shaking his head. Please let him get the message. The next moment, Goshi nodded conspiratorially, passing his hand over his lips in a zipping motion. Guren sighed. He'd deal with his annoying antics of, among others, asking which sexual position he preferred on which day of the week, or whether anal intercourse with a man was the same as with a woman later.He now looked to Shinya, lips twisted in a wicked grin and his eyebrow twitching. The blond only smiled sweetly, as if he were completely clueless of just how many problems he was causing him. Suddenly, he got an idea. And Shinya would not like it. Guren's brows went lax, now only allowing his smile and his half-lidded eyes to betray his intentions.Ever so gently, he began rubbing Shinya's hardness through the thick of his trousers. The man immediately covered the gasp escaping his lips with the palm of his hand. Shocked, he stared into Guren's violet eyes. You wouldn't dare. Guren only smirked and stroked him slightly harder, causing him to tremble at the sudden sensation. Oh, wouldn't I? He greedily wrapped his fingers around his clothed cock, before brushing down once more. Shinya's entire body shook as he struggled to keep his voice from escaping his lips. Guren all but smirked. What a sweet punishment it was.Just as he was about to rub him harder, with his free hand, Shinya reached for his pen and the piece of paper. Intrigued, Guren allowed him a small pause.'Guren, you little bitch.' He wrote the insult in cursive to highlight just how much better he was in comparison to Guren. And calligraphy skills were the last thing he meant by that.'Isn't this what you wanted?' he replied, mimicking the blond's previous acted innocence. Shinya now only eyed him, his cheeks deeply colored and his eyes expressing lust none other, than bloodlust. His precious Guren got a little too clever with him.Just as he wanted to respond, Guren meanwhile readying for another cruel stroke, a sudden balled up sheet of paper hit their desk. They looked to one another in confusion. Finally, Guren straightened out the piece of trash, finding a message on one of its sides. 'GET A DAMN ROOM.' it read in fat, clearly irritated characters. Guren quickly scanned their surroundings for any potential authors. And of course, none other than Seishiro, the great shitlord himself, had to click his tongue, shaking his head in disgust, gracing them with his attention. This time it was Guren's fault. He covered his eyes with his hand. Twice as much explaining, and to the two most troublesome members of the army at that, was not going to be particularly fun. He sighed before returning to his original stance.'Okay. Never doing that again.' Guren wrote decisively.'I'll agree with you on this one. I'd rather have you touch me without an audience.' Shinya replied, his features unusually thoughtful. The next instant, he was smirking again. 'Although, as terrifying as it may have been, it sure was arousing as fuck.'Using Guren's forgetfulness to his advantage, he rubbed himself against his palm with a flirty gaze for the split second before the hand returned to the top of the desk. Shinya only pouted in disappointment, as Guren pinched the bridge of his nose, wondering just how careless he had to be, to forget his hand was still casually resting on Shinya's crotch. Finally, he dispelled the thought and pressed the pen to the piece of paper once more.'You sure must be pent up.' He noticed, recalling just how ridiculously hard Shinya was for such circumstances.'Not really. I must have gotten off around 12 times within the last 24 hours, last time being no more than 15 minutes before the meeting.' He responded with a shrug. Now that was unusual, even for Shinya's insane libido. 'I'm thinking Kureto-niisan might be adding something to my water.''Why would he though?' Guren couldn't find the first reason why the man could want to see his adoptive brother in a state of permanent arousal.'I'd assume it's because you're not the only one looking for an opportunity to make yourself at home in this fine ass.' He penned his response with a grin. Rather than Kureto's supposed reasoning, Guren could only think about how he wasn't the one to invite himself for a hot quickie after the meeting, and how he would greatly appreciate if Shinya wouldn't bend the truth to his silly fantasies. He did however realize that starting an argument like that was equally pointless to asking Shinya to stop using his charm to seduce him. He released a deep sigh.'So, what do we do about it?''Well, I was wondering if you'd mind if I asked him to join us after the meeting?' Shinya smiled innocently as Guren read his response in utter dread. 'He should stop drugging me once he gets what he wants, right?''You sure about this?' Guren asked in concern. They had participated in some form of a threesome on past occasions, but they were considerably drunk. In fact, so drunk, they were on the brink of passing out. At those times, Guren really couldn't care less who fucked whom, why and for what purpose. This situation, however, seemed vastly different.'I am. What about you?' Shinya wanted to confirm. They both realized that in this set-up, Guren's usual status in bed would undoubtedly be overthrown. The lack of intoxication would only make him more self-conscious about the fact.Guren finally closed his eyes, sighed, and penned his definitive response. 'If he'll stop feeding you some demonically modified form of Viagra then I'm willing to let him have his way for once.''You should be careful what you say. Otherwise, who knows, I might even believe you care for my wellbeing.' Shinya smiled a genuinely sweet smile and Guren could tell it wasn't all meant to tease him.'I can't have you thinking with your dick instead of your brain all day, now, can I?' Guren concluded in his last message, to which the blond only nodded with understanding. It was really quite the fair reason, he couldn't deny.After a moment of thought, Guren wrote another note. 'And, who knows, it could be quite hot.''You silently crave some dominant force inside you, huh?' The blond penned, smiling that aggravating smile of his as Guren shook his head with a light shudder. He was way too sober to put it in such blunt words. If he could verbalize that sort of desires in the first place, that is.'You seem unusually excited though.' Guren couldn't help noticing Shinya's gloved fingers soundlessly tapping against the edge of the desk.'I'm sort of looking forward to it, to be perfectly honest.' He replied with an easygoing shrug.'So you're into incest now? You get kinkier by the day.' Guren smirked, his eyebrows raised. Shinya's acceptance, or even embracing, of a wide variety of different sexual practices was something he couldn't help considering rather impressive.'Guren, must I remind you I'm adopted? It's only legal incest, I couldn't care less for that.' The blond waved his hand in dismissal, baring a disregarding grin. If it were his biological brother, he'd at least think twice. He'd probably do it anyway, but at least he'd think – Guren always appreciated when he did.'Legally kinky. You're taking it to the next level.' Guren commented with a light smile.'That, I am.' Shinya agreed, sending his partner a short wink. Guren only shook his head in smiling resignation. He too, could hardly wait for the end of the meeting.
 Hearing the coarse sliding of the chairs on the old wooden floor, Guren opened his groggy eyes. He saw the officers slowly spilling outside of the room. Finally, he thought, rubbing his eyes. He took the liberty of closing them, just a few moments earlier. Now, he wasn't quite certain, but he might have taken a small nap after all. He looked to Shinya by his side. He was fitting that sweet unassuming smile of his. He glanced at his crotch; the fine bulge remained as it was. Guren smirked. His plans had not suffered any changes."Come on, sleeping beauty." Shinya spoke softly, ruffling his hair as he stood up. Guren followed him with his gaze, as he headed for Kureto, the only one apart from the two of them who remained in the room. He passed him a file of papers. Shinya really did deliver weekly reports without fail, something that could not be said for Guren. Kureto nodded, reading the cover of the file, before permitting the blond to move on. Guren thought he stared at the sheet of paper longer than it was necessary. Then again, it could very well be his imagination; he had just napped after all.Shinya returned round the desk, only to lean in to reach Guren's ear "Your office. Now." The details were nothing but a formality to the man. He stood up, stretching his back with a sigh. As they left the room, he glanced back at Kureto. His expression seemed more scheming than usual, twisting in an almost sadistic sort of excitement as the door behind them closed. Guren didn't need to ask, to know that he would be joining them soon.They walked down the hall slowly, mixing into the stream of officers leaving the meeting. As much as they wanted to run to Guren's office as quickly as it was feasible to finally find relief, that sort of a show would seem unmistakably odd to the colleagues and superiors surrounding them. Naturally, some of them may have already known, or at least assumed some unusual relations between the two, but this particular occasion was no place to confirm them. Shinya sighed, slipping his hand into the pocket of his slacks, attempting to adjust his erection under his belt. It was no place to show off his arousal either. A light smile crossed Guren's lips. It seemed that even the horniest man on Earth knew some shame.When they reached the door to Guren's office, it all happened quickly. They casually waved the others goodbye before entering the room. Inconspicuously, they closed the door and headed for the large desk. Shinya sat on its edge."We have ten minutes." He announced, slowly undoing the buttons on the side of his uniform, watching Guren, eyes half-lidded, running his hand through his white hair mid-sentence. "Then Kureto-niisan enters.""That's more than enough." Guren agreed in a raspy whisper before closing the gap in a rough kiss. Shinya gasped as his lips were caught by Guren's without a warning, but didn't even think of resisting. He reciprocated, kissing him slowly, pressing harder against his lips, trailing his tongue along them, simultaneously feeling Guren messily lick across his upper lip. Shinya found himself bringing his arm around Guren's shoulder, feeling the haze of the act spin circles in his head. The instant his tongue slipped into Shinya's mouth, their kisses turned open-mouthed, heated, almost careless, and so intense. It was in Guren's habit to take pauses and lightly nibble at the blond's lips, bite just lightly enough to excite him further. Away from the public eye, Shinya could finally release the voice gathering at the back of his throat. He mewled quietly as Guren gently sunk his teeth in his lips."Fuck." He whispered, scrambling for the buttons of Shinya's uniform. It's been too long since he heard him so clearly, so close, and so needy. He desired nothing but to please him and grant himself the chance to listen to his sweetly desperate cries. If there was anything that aroused him more than physical action, it must have been Shinya's helpless voice.Having undone the jacket, the dress shirt underneath remained in Guren's way. Hastily, Shinya joined in, unbuttoning it from the bottom. The flaps of the shirt finally spread on his sides, Guren watched the blond's thin, yet well-toned body. Not only his face was beautiful, as much as he hated admitting it. Shinya sent him a coy smile. He knew his thoughts all too well. Guren responded by clicking his tongue and reaching between his legs. Shinya's mouth immediately fell into a small 'o', his body thirsty for attention. Yes, that was much better. Guren placed his hand on the desk, just behind Shinya's back. He would much prefer to have him remain sitting.Finally, he stroked down on his hardness, still concealed by the trousers. Shinya released a heavy breath threaded with a soft moan. Fuck. Guren was absolutely certain he had no idea how erotic he really sounded. Neither could he know just how effective his voice was on him. Guren much preferred it to stay that way. Clearing his mind, he rubbed Shinya again, harder, making sure he would be felt through the thick fabric, hearing his voice heighten and his breaths quicken in response."Shinya. Look at me." He commanded, brushing down with more force. Shinya turned his head obediently, eyes shaded by his long eyelashes as he gasped for air. He gazed into Guren's violet eyes, implanting his own lust somewhere deep inside his mind, encouraging the fervent rubbing of his arousal. Fuck. He grinned too, his cheeks flushed, as he bucked his hips, opening his lips wider, clearing the path for a wanton moan, whenever Guren stroked him harder. If his erotic appearance wasn't enough on its own, he just had to be sensitive to touch. Guren was slowly losing his mind."Guren…" he finally whimpered, reaching for the waistband of his slacks "That's enough playing around, touch me properly already- hnn"Guren couldn't agree more on the subject, immediately removing his gloves and undoing the zipper, he now pulled Shinya's cock out of his briefs, causing him to exhale loudly at the direct touch. He slowly ran his thumb over the blond's slit, as he closed his eyes and shivered with a slurred "yes" spilling from his lips. Guren was forced to bite his lip to stop himself from immediately pulling out his own cock and jerking off to the amazing audio-visual experience Shinya provided. He would get his dose of pleasure in due time; now, was Shinya's turn.Slowly, he wrapped his fingers around the blond's cock, hearing his breath tremble as his hand grazed his flesh. Finally taking a stroke, he heard Shinya release a long whine. His breath was hard, and Guren couldn't help hesitating."How sensitive are you?" he asked, concerned that whatever drugs he was given may have affected him too strongly."Just sensitive enough-" he jerked his hips up, attempting to feel some friction, any friction from the man's resting hand. "Keep going, it's so good.""If you insist." Guren smirked, tightening his grip and giving his cock a fine tug. Shinya sobbed quietly, raising his hips, begging for more. The bastard was enjoying himself like mad. He would put an end to his overly gentle treatment, Guren decided with a scoff. With a close hold he rubbed him from base to head, slowly increasing his pace, watching as Shinya turned into a wanton mess of moans and shivers. He might have gotten off a ridiculous amount of times in the recent hours, but none of his techniques could ever resemble the sheer force and roughness Guren's hands offered. Not that he was particularly brutal; It was simply the unique strength which would always bring Shinya to pieces that he adored.And now, sitting at the edge of the desk, feeling the heat accumulate in his abdomen with each second, Shinya nearly wept from the pleasure he was receiving. He was close."Please, Guren-" he begged, making sure his partner wouldn't leave him mid-stroke, hard and wanting with an evil grin as some form of sadistic play.Guren only leaned closer to his ear, letting his warm breath hit his neck. "It's okay, Shinya. You can come."The blond smiled briefly, before falling quiet, practically holding his breath, knitting his brows closely. He always seemed to calm down right before his climax, as if he were gathering energy, Guren noticed with a shake of the head. The next instant, he dug his fingers into Guren's shoulder, arching his back, as he came with a soft whimper. For a few moments, he remained with eyes shut, panting heavily. It was so good. Nothing less to be expected of Guren.Once his breath returned to its usual pace, he pulled Guren in for a kiss, quick and sweet on his lips before he spoke airily, watching the man in dreamy eyes. "You know, Guren, of all my recent 13 orgasms, this one had to be the best one."He smiled innocently, as if he weren't the most filthy-mouthed angel to ever come into existence. Guren rolled his eyes with a smirk. "There's a reason you came with this to me after all.""Veeery true." Shinya cooed, tracing the man's cheek with his finger. "Now, get those pants off. I've gotta suck you off before Kureto-niisan makes his appearance."Guren didn't object to the 'sucking off' part, undoing his belt as Shinya gracefully kneeled before him on the ground, once again proving that his mild appearance did not even begin to stop him from the exciting daily life of a nymphomaniac. "Will you manage another round so soon though?" Guren felt obliged to ask, more out of courtesy than true worry. His own arousal took priority at the moment."Darling, after 13 rounds, whether you get one more or 25 more is all the same." Shinya hummed unzipping Guren's trousers and gently pulling out his stiff cock. He briefly glanced to his own crotch. "This little shit of a dick will perk right up anyway.""I'll ignore the fact you just called me 'darling'. Just don't get lazy on me now." Guren sighed, running his hand through his hair."Oh, I wouldn't dare." He announced, getting a steady grip on the man's hardness. In a slow, deliberate motion, he licked along his slit, simultaneously stroking up the shaft. He heard a sharp gasp above his head."Feels good, right?" he grinned, glancing at Guren, whose cheeks now seemed to gain color. "I don't need you telling me that." He scoffed, watching as the blond's lips touched his cock. It was only a moment before Shinya sucked him in almost completely, leaving only some holding space at the base. Guren's breath wavered. Apart from his erotic expressions, Shinya had one more secret weapon – his blowjobs. Looking down at him from the edge of the desk, Guren came to realize something else: He could combine the two at will.Slowly beginning to suck at the hot flesh, his eyes closed in focus, Shinya pulled himself back to the head, lapping feverishly at Guren's most sensitive spot, ignoring whatever wet noises might escape his mouth. He took a moment to glance at the man, eyes all but smug, yet soft, eager to relish Guren's sweet reactions, and almost appreciating the opportunity of being able to relieve him in such a fashion. Guren breathed harder, much harder now, watching the lewd display combine with the blond's skill. He couldn't help the groan escaping his lips as Shinya took him all in once more, feeling him stiffen further in his mouth."Fuck." He whispered, desperately clinging to the minimum amount of composure he had left, as if Shinya ever needed to be reminded that giving amazing head was his heaven-sent talent. He would have loved to tease Guren some more, if not for the pressing time of Kureto's arrival. He sighed in a breathy moan around Guren's cock. He'd have to have his devastatingly slow and deliberately maddening fun with Guren another time.He reached out to pluck his hand from the desk, to which he tightly clung in a hopeless struggle against Shinya's destructive power. Now, the blond placed it gently on his own head. It was a silent message. Guren could fuck his mouth now, could be as rough as he chose. His heart chased faster than it already had. He believed, by this point, it must have been Shinya's mission to slowly, but surely burn all the reasonable circuits in his brain. With this move, he could already guarantee the blond's success.He wouldn't come to use his newly gained power yet, however, as now Shinya began to bob his head down on his cock, quickly taking him deep inside to feel the wet warmth of his throat, only to be thrown into the teasing softness of his mouth time and time again. He was getting close now, his mind dizzy from the haze, thinking that if only the bastard had a gag reflex, he wouldn't have to come undone so pathetically quickly.Just as Shinya could taste the bitterly salty pre-cum spreading on his tongue, Guren heard the foreboding, loud footsteps in the hall. It seemed that someone else was also rather close, unfortunately, in the less exhilarating meaning of the word. Suddenly realizing his position in time, knowing who exactly was approaching them, he felt the need to come then and there. "Faster." He commanded breathily, threading his fingers through the soft white hair. Shinya complied, adding fervent strokes with his hand to his immediate technique. Fuck was he good, Guren thought, shuddering at the heat rising in his abdomen. Just as he thought it would only be a few seconds before he could revel in his wondrous climax, he saw the door to his room open, in it standing none other than Kureto. Feverishly, he pulled on Shinya's head, thrusting deep into his throat, hoping to end before the man could do anything that could prevent him from finally-"Shinya. Off." Kureto ordered, closing the door with his foot with a loud thud.



Chapter End Notes
To be perfectly honest, I wanted this to be a one-shot, and then ran out of time. ;~;    So rather than rushing it, I'll close it in two chapters. The next one will *hopefully* be coming next weekend. But God knows, life is busy as of late. :')    Oh, and if you're wondering where my fixation on Shinya's voice came from, just listen to a BLCD featuring Suzuki Tatsuhisa as uke and you'll see what I mean. Hopefully. xD    But, as always, thanks for reading and I hope you have a great day! <3


Chapter 2
Chapter Notes
It's heeeeeeeeeeeeere! :D God, this story took me forever to finish. :')
But hey, I actually really enjoyed writing it, and that's always good. :3
So in this chapter, I'm delivering you that promised threesome, a bunch of terrible puns and, naturally, smut, smut and more smut. Really, there isn't much more to this fic. xD
So without further ado, for all of you patient waiters (thanks for waiting so long btw :*), as well as newcomers: enjoy the continuation and conclusion of this self-indulgent story~

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"Shinya. Off." Kureto ordered, closing the door with his foot with a loud thud. Obediently, the blond slipped off of Guren's cock with a loud 'pop', as his lips closed just above the swollen head. How dare he. He glanced at Guren apologetically before standing up and moving aside with the innocent smile.
"I see you've come, nii-san." He greeted him with a light bow.
"I could say the same about you." Kureto scoffed, glancing at the blond's member, resting half-hard in the open air. He had vague memory of briefly wiping himself clean with a handkerchief following his most recent orgasm, however its remnants lightly staining his uniform, although easy to overlook, were also enough proof for his brother's assumption.
"Observant as always, I see." Shinya chuckled, tucking his cock back into his briefs, but leaving his trousers unzipped. He knew he wouldn't wear them for long anyway.
"Now for you, Guren," Kureto began, walking towards the desk upon which the man watched him vigilantly, his breath heavy and eyes reflecting his frustration of being denied something he originally deserved. "Don't you consider it rude to start the party before all your guests arrive?"
"You're one to talk." Guren scoffed, as Kureto's large figure loomed over him, placing one hand on the desk. The next instant, he pressed their lips together forcefully, clicking their teeth in the process. Guren could really tell Shinya was adopted when his supposed older brother had little to none of the blond's grace and charm. Kureto kissed him frantically, almost savagely, sliding his tongue into his mouth every so often, not allowing a single word of protest. Blindly palming around his thigh, he finally got a hold of Guren's still undoubtedly hard cock, causing him to release a surprised groan. His hands were cold. How utterly inconsiderate. However, Guren wasn't given a chance to ponder basic etiquette in sexual encounters for long. After one steady, almost deceiving stroke, Kureto tightly closed his fingers in a ring around the base of his cock, making sure to stop any and all blood reaching his erection. Guren yelped, breaking the sloppy kiss. Kureto only hummed perceptively.
"I won't allow you such a leeway, Guren." He smirked, stepping away from the man, who remained cringing in pain. "You really should have come when you could."
"You really are cruel, Kureto-niisan." Shinya knitted his eyebrows, only imagining how unpleasant such a treatment must have been. He felt truly lucky for never having to experience it.
"He'll be okay, some cooling off won't kill him." Kureto shrugged, sitting down on the couch by the coffee table. He crossed his arms on his chest impatiently. "Now, Shinya. My dick won't suck itself."
The two remaining men now cringed at the terribly lame command. Kureto may have been naturally dominant, but his vocabulary and word-choice left a lot to be desired. If only it could suck itself... Even so, Shinya made his way to the cushions, kneeling on the couch while hastily undoing the man's trousers. It was only a moment before the still limp piece of flesh was sucked into his mouth and Kureto sighed blissfully. Guren only watched, shaking his head, quickly losing his hope for performing anything within his comfort zone during this particular intercourse.
"Guren." Kureto finally addressed him, having his dick return to its less aroused state. (For a moment, Guren thought the organ looked almost sad, like a half-deflated balloon. What a pity, especially considering Shinya's best efforts at blowing it into a fine shape a few moments ago.) Guren glanced from his member to the man and back with a light frown. Kureto's manhandling really wasn't as appreciated as he would have liked it. Or perhaps, that's exactly what he wanted? Guren wondered without commitment until hearing his name. "Prepare Shinya. You're free to choose the technique."
"How kind of you." Guren rolled his eyes, slipping off the desk and sitting at the little space remaining on the couch. They really were more decorative than anything. "I'll need Shinya to get up though. Is that an acceptable technique, sir?" he played along with Kureto's little game, beginning to understand why he ever thought it was a good idea while drunk. He couldn't help being sarcastic while sober though.
"Very well. Shinya. Up." Kureto ordered with a sigh. With a small smirk, Guren thought that perhaps even he needed a break from Shinya's unyielding bobbing. The blond now got up, stepping to the ground for better access. He briefly stepped out of his black boots, before having Guren pull down his slacks from the back, taking his briefs along with them. His view was quickly filled with the pale, yet supple buttocks. He laid a kiss just above them on impulse. Shinya chuckled.
"Though I must say I'm surprised." Guren spoke to Shinya, removing his garments from his feet. "I always thought you were a little bitch, but I'd never think you'd act like an actual dog." He considered his obedience to Kureto's every word rather hilarious.
"Want to say that again, kiss-ass?" Shinya retaliated, lowering his voice on the insult threateningly.
"Literal attack? Touché." Guren raised his eyebrows, impressed. Shinya was a hell of a feisty bottom after all. Guren couldn't help loving his talking-back.
"Speaking of touching, how's this?" he asked, sliding his index finger in between the halves of the fine ass, reaching just the sensitive spot he was in search of. Shinya mewled quietly. Guren grinned. "Thought so."
"If you're done with the undressing would you mind if I reclaimed Shinya's mouth for more productive purposes?" Kureto asked, clearly uninterested, lightly pulling on Shinya's wrist. Yes, Guren would, in fact, mind, and he'd mind quite a bit, but it's not like Kureto would hear any of it.
"Take him." Guren agreed with a sigh, temporarily retreating his hand, leaving a short, encouraging slap on the, now lightly flushed, buttocks. Shinya glanced at him with a half-irritated, half-aroused pout before kneeling down and taking in all of Kureto's cock into his mouth once more. Guren sat behind him, having just enough space to freely maneuver around the ass right beside his head. He ran his hand over it, stroking the buttock down to the thigh and up again, in some form of preparation for the actual preparation. He discovered he quite enjoyed taking it easy when his cock wasn't desperately calling for attention.
"Got any lube?" he asked Kureto who now seemed to close his eyes, focusing on the pleasure Shinya provided so diligently. In truth, he had some stashed away in his desk, but like hell he was telling Mr. Eyebrows that his brother and him had sex in his office in regular intervals. He could already be well aware of the fact, but Guren would not grant him the courtesy of confirming his assumptions. "I could do without, but if I have a choice, I'd rather have Shinya feel good."
Shinya almost choked on Kureto's cock. Guren was simply too kind for his already low standards. The sweetness of the statement overwhelmed him more than he could anticipate.
"I never thought it essential." Kureto stated without opening his eyes. "But hurting you is not a part of my agenda, so here."
Reaching into the inner pocket of his jacket, he retrieved a small bottle of precisely the fluid they needed. Picking it up, Guren wondered how long the man carried the lube around 'just in case it could come useful'. But who was he, groping his friend in the middle of a theoretically important meeting, to judge?
Coating his fingers with a fair layer of the liquid, he lightly teased around Shinya's entrance with his index finger, before gently pushing it inside. The blond moaned over Kureto's cock with a heavy breath. But something seemed odd. Guren curiously pulled the finger out, before thrusting it deeper again. Shinya's quiet cry was once again muffled by the hot flesh in his mouth. There was virtually no resistance, where Guren would expect it usually. He suddenly became aware of the reason, covering his eyes in momentary shame for not putting two and two together immediately. Somewhere in between the twelve orgasms Shinya experienced in the recent hours, he must have spent some time fingering himself. And a fair amount of time at that, judging by the fact that adding another finger passed smoothly, despite his loud vocalizations.
Only adding the third finger did Guren feel some pressure, but even that was dispelled quickly, as he scissored him open, plunging his fingers deeper, making sure his every cry was caught in Kureto's stiff member. The light tremor of his voice adding to his otherwise flawless technique must have finally fazed Kureto, as now a light blush seemed to cover his cheeks. Guren was ready to think he looked somewhat cute, if not for the fact he was the absolute definition of an asshole.
"He's ready." Guren announced, pulling his fingers out slowly, almost teasingly so, allowing Shinya to feel what being toyed with felt like. Not that he was absolutely unaware, but Guren would rather die than pass up an opportunity to remind him. "Nice and loose."
"Good. Would you mind stretching yourself, while you're at it?" Kureto glanced at him, eyes imposing because this was hardly a question. It was an order.
What a pity Guren was never good with following orders.
He burst out laughing, pressing his elbow into the back of the couch leisurely. "Yeah, no. I'm not into this whole 'bottom' thing after all."
"I assumed as much." Kureto sighed, motioning Shinya to let go of his erection with a light pet on the head. "But you'll be middle today, so I don't see an issue here."
"The hell is a middle?" Guren asked in confusion. He certainly recalled topping, had vague memories of bottoming, but middling? That was certainly new.
"Undress and you'll know." Kureto announced, crossing his arms over his chest. Guren only rolled his eyes at the below average invitation. However, he had little choice left. There was little meaning stopping at this point anyhow. He agreed with a shrug, standing up and reaching to the buttons of his jacket.
"Shinya will help you with that." Kureto added, propping the blond up. Shinya smiled innocently, as if he hadn't been sucking cock for the past few minutes. Guren still couldn't get over the discrepancy in his appearance and his actions. He was a beautiful angel. A beautiful angel sucking his adoptive brother's cock for the hell of it. The thought itself felt ridiculously filthy. The fact it was the truth made Guren suddenly crave a bath in holy water. Although he doubted that would help much in the end.
Shinya got a soft hold around the back of his neck, pulling him in for an unexpected kiss. Guren could never object to those, closing his eyes, allowing Shinya's tongue to slip into his mouth. He found the blond's kisses extraordinarily sweet at such times, in a pause between more exhilarating endeavors. Now, however, he could feel- no, taste the kiss becoming bitter. And he meant so literally – a familiar, salty bitterness spread in his mouth as Shinya deepened his kiss. He could only guess the source of the flavor originated from Kureto, and not the part of Kureto he would enjoy tasting either (if such a part even existed).
He may have been greatly fond of the various forms of oral sex, but he took little pleasure in the tasting of the results of such practices. Shinya knew this all too well, and now Guren was absolutely certain the kiss was merely another form of his teasing. He somehow didn't mind as much as he perhaps should. He rather rejoiced in the idea that he was not, in fact, the only weak one among the three of them, that not even Kureto could withstand Shinya's skill. He smirked against his lips, before pulling away. They had a more pressing matter to finish after all.
As he took care of his slacks and the undergarments that resided beneath them, Shinya took his time with his button-down shirt, the army jacket having quickly landed on the remaining couch a moment ago. Guren could have commented how, if he was going to toss it around like a washed-out band shirt then he could very well iron it later himself, before remembering that Shinya was in fact on ironing duty of his military uniform 4 out of 7 days a week, knowing very well that if Guren were to do it, the clothing would be more crumpled than it was before he began.
He pushed the buttons through the holes unhurriedly, leaning closer to Guren, sneaking in under his chin, only to leave a gentle kiss on his neck. With every opened button, he moved lower, pressing his lips into his shoulders, lightly nibbling on his clavicle, then down his chest, leaving a few more daring licks along the way. Guren could never say he was particularly aroused by such light endearments, but he now hesitated in the statement, feeling his chest gain heat as his breath became heavier. Shinya was good with his lips no matter where he placed them, was what occurred to him as the only conclusion.
With the corner of his eyes, Guren noticed Kureto was smirking. He could have very well interrupted much earlier, at least hastening them, reminding them that he too demanded attention. Instead, he only sat still on the couch, seemingly enjoying the show. If it weren't for his rather egocentric nature, Guren would be ready to believe Kureto only wanted to witness some live-action pornography once in a while. As long as he could have sex with Shinya, Guren would be ready to be watched, even if it had to be by Mr. Eyebrows, of all people.
Placing the last kisses on his abdomen, Shinya undid the bottom-most button. Only briefly glancing upwards, he also took the liberty of leaving a kiss on Guren's flushed cock, only to smile the signature sweet smile of his up for the man to see. It was about as adorable as it was arousing, and Guren felt immediately conflicted as to how he should react. Seeing his internal turmoil was but another one of Shinya's hobbies.
When the white shirt was finally off for good, the two men turned to the couch.
"What now?" Guren asked sheepishly, realizing that being eyed by Kureto (who was, after all, the only fully dressed person left in the room) wasn't quite as comfortable as he had hoped.
"I suppose we can begin with Shinya laying on his back as you penetrate him. Then we'll go from there." Kureto announced, scooting nearer to the end of the couch giving them space to perform the act. Guren looked to Shinya in confusion. Last time he checked, threesomes assumed the active involvement of all three partaking members. Of course, just the two of them could have sex while being watched, but that left one (and a pretty needy one at that) member unused, so to say. Guren felt almost disappointed. Not that he really craved a deeply physical presence of Kureto in his life, but if he was going to take part, he could at least do something; not just receive a heavenly blow-job then jerk off and leave, like the true jerk he was.
Shinya only shrugged, motioning himself towards the couch with an inviting smirk. He really never seemed to care how exactly he would be having sex as long as his dick was hard and he desired to change that in some pleasurable manner. Guren couldn't say he hated it either, but he did put some thought into his sexual life and he preferred knowing exactly what he was in for. Seeing Shinya lay down on the cushions, his head on the armrest and legs spread invitingly, as he stroked across his own chest and abdomen, reaching for his cock, Guren only sighed before a small smile rose to his lips. Shinya's eroticism easily seduced him away from reason and into the arms of lust. He took his kneeling position on the couch, briefly forgetting his previous worries.
"You ready?" Guren asked habitually, placing himself at Shinya's entrance, mildly conscious of the fact that as hot and wanting Shinya might have been, he would still probably appreciate some warning. Not that his glimmering, attentive blue eyes watching him needed it much, as he grinned with a nod.
"I'm always ready." He cooed in agreement, before feeling himself be filled from the inside. He clutched on to Guren's arms spread beside his head, eyes shut tightly, releasing a long pleasured hum as the man sunk deeper into his body. He could hear Guren's heavy breath above his head. Shinya smiled, knowing that he was loose enough to make the experience enjoyable for himself, and still tight enough to make Guren's head spin. The next instant, a slow, craving kiss was pressed into his lips. Guren loved to show just how much he appreciated Shinya's body. The same could be said for Shinya. But he preferred to do so in a more vocal manner.
He held his breath, jerking his head back as Guren slowly pulled back. As he thrust into him once more, Shinya released a gentle, shaky moan. "Guren…" he sighed in the haze. Shinya adored calling the man's name during sex, feeling like at that moment the word and all of its meanings belonged to him alone, to his greedy desires. But it was also a word of gratitude, a form of praise, not only for the physical experience, but for everything that constituted Guren. In some way he could never quite explain, Guren understood it all best.
Feeling Shinya ease around him, Guren began rocking his hips at a fair pace, carefully scrutinizing ever visible bit of the man before him. His silver hair already lay disheveled, and his brow was creased in pleasure above his closed eyes. His lips have fallen ever so slightly agape, allowing hot breaths and the occasional, but oh-so-gratifying whines to escape them, reminding Guren that he had not lost his touch on Shinya's body. Guren reveled in, not only feeling, but also watching Shinya's body react to him. His chest rose and fell in rhythmic gaps, sometimes twitching hectically as Guren hit the right spot. And his expression. He could say he almost loved how lightheaded, yet focused Shinya seemed while receiving pleasure in this manner. His usual beauty seemed to shine with twofold the force as he writhed lovingly under Guren, accepting him with every fiber of his body.
Soon, Guren felt a groan pressing at his throat, his breath already heavy. He almost despised how good Shinya's body felt tightening around him. Almost.
"Alright, Guren, stop." Guren heard the voice from behind his back, only now coming to the realization that they weren't, in fact, alone and this was most certainly not their usual casual sex. Well, it was right about damn time Kureto contributed to their intercourse anyway. He complied to the demand, silently pitying the slowly approaching orgasm he would be forced to delay, again.
"So you finally decided to join us?" Guren hummed in disregard, not bothering to face Kureto while speaking. Instead he focused on Shinya and his slightly disoriented expression as he opened his eyes only to find that the lovely thrusting had stopped and the much needed stimulation was nowhere to be found. He pouted lightly, wrapping his fingers loosely around his own cock, feeling Guren's unnecessarily observant gaze focus on a drip of sweat on his forehead. Of all the drips he could focus on, he just had to choose the least interesting one, Shinya rolled his eyes. He gave himself a slow, thorough pump. If his boys were going to talk, at least he had to keep himself entertained in the meantime.
"I suppose you could say so. I think you're ready by now." Kureto announced mysteriously, as a quiet click of plastic resounded behind Guren's back. Shinya perked up to the sound like a cat, a smirk soon rising to his lips. "Besides, I'm tired of waiting."
"Ready for what?" Guren asked, slightly disturbed, glancing behind, but failing to see far enough. Shinya bit his lip in excitement.
"I also think he's ready, Kureto-niisan." The blond added, suddenly gaining an interest in the conversation, as he smiled, only lightly tugging at his cock for the moment. "Just be gentle to him."
"Don't worry, it won't hurt a thing." Kureto assured, more as if he were speaking to himself, perhaps to Shinya, but certainly not addressing Guren, through whom the words passed, leaving only a deeper sense of confusion. "I'll start with inserting just one."
"Inserting? You don't mean-" Guren began but wasn't given the chance to finish because Kureto not only meant it, but did it. Through Guren's distraction, he pushed a slick finger into his entrance. For the second time that afternoon, Guren yelped. His back immediately straightening, his eyes flew wide open, followed by his mouth, involuntarily releasing a groan reserved for a different occasion. Shinya couldn't help chuckling at the sight of just how startled he was at first contact. Guren now glared at him, as if he were a traitor. Shinya only shrugged, blowing him a kiss because, just a tiny bit, that's what he was, despite having a good reason for it all. That being, that he knew just how much Guren loved taking it in the ass while drunk. He was certain to enjoy it even further while sober.
Considering it again, it wasn't that good of a reason. Not that Guren would mind for justifications very much within a few moments though.
"How does it feel, Guren?" Kureto demanded, voice softer than usual, but clearly teasing, the question being unnecessary on the most part. He just wanted to hear Guren say it, nothing else.
"I think I'll keep that information to myself, thanks." He scoffed with a heavy breath, still adjusting to the foreign, yet oddly familiar feeling, before releasing a short cry as Kureto plunged his finger deeper inside him.
"Answer the question, Guren. It's an order." He spoke firmer now, twisting the digit around, prompting Guren to make up his mind quicker. Shinya only watched with a grin as the man struggled to catch enough breath.
"It's surprisingly… Not terrible?" Guren finally replied, allowing himself some honesty for a change. He was certain lying to Kureto would be far less pleasant than letting him do whatever he fancied. He discovered Kureto could be almost nice when his orders were followed. Almost.
"That's a fair start then." Kureto hummed, satisfied with the answer, before leaning closer to Guren's ear. "Now focus because this part's important."
Kureto slowly pushed his finger deeper, almost with care, into Guren, in the least showing him how gentle he could be when obeyed. The man kept his eyes shut, enduring the mildly uncomfortable treatment. Once Kureto sunk deep enough, he flicked his finger. A pleasured gasp escaped Guren's lips. He closed his eyes helplessly. His cheeks immediately gained color as he realized the sensation felt genuinely good.
"Feels completely different, right?" Kureto asked, rubbing the spot for a few seconds, as if Guren still needed convincing to the unbelievable fact that a place up his ass could grant him a whole different dimension of pleasure. He felt himself tremble, as a quiet whimper spilled from his lips.
"Mhm." He nodded obediently, realizing how many times he had experienced it in the past without ever fully acknowledging it due to intoxication. He silently dreaded how much he desired that spot to be touched once more at that moment.
"Memorize its location. Shouldn't be difficult from your side, I'm sure." Kureto spoke in a raspy voice now, enchanting Guren into uncharted lands he would have never ventured to on his own.
"But… what for?" he asked, half-dazed, turning his head towards the voice without opening his eyes.
"You'll be, so to say, preparing yourself on your own today. With the aid of my hands, but I won't dare move them." Kureto declared, pulling his finger away from the spot Guren seemed to adore so much. He opened his eyes, almost like from a dream, realizing what Kureto wanted of him.
"You mean you want me to-"
"Yes, Guren. You'll fuck yourself on my fingers." He confirmed, almost patronizingly. "And remember of Shinya in the meantime. You're not the only one aroused here."
Guren looked to the man watching him from the front, in mild concern of what he would see, only to find Shinya pressing a hand to his lips, his cheeks flushed. He wanted to physically stop the moans escaping his lips. His index finger, nonchalantly resting on his cock, was wet with pre-cum.
"Don't distract him, Kureto-niisan. He was so beautiful." Shinya crooned, his hand slowly slipping down to stroke up and down his stiff shaft. The blond watched him with such thirsting eyes, Guren would be ready to believe Shinya was also hoping to dominate him, were it not for his dick still tightly surrounded by Shinya's insides. Guren bucked his hips forward to remind him what his role was. Shinya whined in delight, erotically biting at the one finger remaining at his lips. Contrary to Guren, he never hid his submissive desires.
"Can I assume you're ready?" Kureto finally demanded, half-disregarding of Shinya's comment, knowing that Guren would show him even better expressions soon enough.
"Might as well." Guren shrugged, shifting his weight from one kneeling leg to another in anticipation, feeling he had already become used to the finger. "But won't you add another?"
"Do you want me to add another?" Kureto mused, curious. Yes, he much preferred when Guren spoke his mind at such times.
"Well, if it's for preparation's sake then obviously…" he couldn't quite finish the sentence, becoming self-conscious of the nature of his request. In any case, he considered his wish obvious enough.
"Guren, do you want me to add another finger?" Kureto persisted. Unless stated clearly, nothing was 100% obvious to him. Or, for his convenience, such was the case for this particular event.
"…Yeah." Guren finally sighed, exhausted from the man's mind tricks. He wouldn't mind being fucked raw if at least Kureto could finally shut up and have sex like a human being, not a damn dictator. Dicktator. Guren would laugh about the terrible pun at a later date, during another drinking outing. A tipsy Kureto would laugh too. Before fucking him raw, naturally. Guren's very specific wishes had an odd fate of being granted with some delay.
"Yes?" Kureto wanted a proper answer.
"Yes!" Guren yelled, annoyed, before feeling the second digit burrow inside him. He moaned lightly at the light burn of the stretch, realizing the gentle sting itself felt good. That was when he became certain he was already a lost case. And God, would he enjoy it.
He began rocking his hips, slowly at first, allowing his body to adjust to the size. He quickly came to the conclusion that the sensation was much different from when Kureto played with him to his heart's content. Now, jerking his hips in order to take the fingers deeper, he also happened to penetrate Shinya. Where normally he would expect some pain, the sheer amount of stimulation made his 'preparation' stunningly pleasurable. Lowering himself deeper onto the digits, he thrust harder, letting a groan or two escape his lips.
"Oh, Guren? Did it finally start feeling good?" Kureto asked with an amused hum.
"Hah, as if." Guren scoffed, still clinging to the pointless pride despite having Kureto up to the knuckles in his ass. "I just don't want Shinya getting bored and turning soft on me."
"Oh, no worries about that, Guren. This is the least bored I've been in a long while." Shinya panted in response. His hands now clung to the cushions, his erection flushed on par with his cheeks. He stopped touching himself – a good sign that Guren's self-indulgent finger-fucking featuring Kureto didn't leave him unentertained.
"And I'm a big boy. I can take care of myself. You can take it slowly if you need to." Shinya felt the need to tease. Guren's initial reluctance and eventual acceptance of his role was greatly amusing, if not comical. Although his well-timed thrusts were a rather captivating distraction from the hilarity of the situation.
"Shut up, Shinya." Guren breathed heavily, making the remark almost playful, leaning in to leave a brief kiss on the blond's lips. Even he realized his words were meaningless and by that point, all three of them had realized what he truly wanted out of the deal. It sure took a while, but Guren finally stopped caring.
"Hey, Kureto." He called behind him as if he were calling a waiter after a beer or two. "Add another one. At this rate you'll never get to fuck me."
"As you wish." Kureto responded with a smile, allowing his ring finger to join the other two. Guren cringed, his brows creasing, hit by the light stinging sensation once more. His breath was shaky, threaded with a clearly pleasured mewl as he began pushing against the digits once more. His thrusts becoming rigid and shallow, Shinya could tell Guren's own pleasure finally took priority. Not that he could complain; had Guren continued his thorough treatment, he was certain he wouldn't last until Kureto's entrance. Besides, Guren's features as he yielded his pride and body to desire and to Kureto himself were priceless. Shinya needed nothing more but seeing Guren come undone through his own will.
His disheveled hair, partly covering his face, as Guren stopped bothering himself with neatly fixing it, was the best sign of his undoing. Guren's quiet cries of pleasure were like song to Shinya, who had so rarely the opportunity to hear his low, collected voice become erratic and high-pitched. His unconscious, tight grip on Shinya's hips was but another sign of how overwhelmed he was. Shinya, on the other hand, was overjoyed. He may have embraced his own submissive nature, but seeing someone as reluctant to show his varied interest in sexual roles as Guren being dominated was by far one of the most arousing scenes he had witnessed. Guren being willingly fucked in the mouth battled with it for the top place on the list.
"Kureto…" Guren soon gasped, close to the edge, yet realizing he was not allowed to cross it yet. "That's enough… Fuck me already."
Both, Kureto and Shinya immediately wished that someone were recording them, only to be able to replay that one short sentence to insanity in their alone time. Shinya personally also felt like hearing it perhaps two more times would on its own drive him into the arms of a breathtaking orgasm. For the moment, however, the only thing he heard was a low groan and a loud breath from Guren as Kureto pulled out his fingers and the clicking of metal as he struggled with his belt-buckle.
Removing his pants at the speed of sound, Kureto soon spilled some more of the lubricant on his erection before gently rubbing his cock between Guren's buttocks. He wouldn't put it in just yet.
"You want this, huh?" Kureto asked teasingly, asserting his dominance, much to the annoyance of all three of them, who only wished to finally reach climax, ignoring the details. Kureto was apparently skilled enough to annoy even himself, feeling the blood throb impatiently in his member, which he himself forced to wait.
"Yes, I want it, for fuck's sake, Kureto, put it in already." Guren managed to vocalize all of their thoughts into one sentence.
There were no more questions. Kureto sunk into Guren within a few seconds, his breath turning heavy as he became surrounded by the heat. Fitting his head into the crack of Guren's shoulder, he lightly bit into his neck, only for the purpose of distraction. Whether he wanted to distract himself, or Guren, they both knew it proved to be of little help. Getting a firm hold of Guren's thighs, he found enough balance to support himself. All three shut their eyes as Kureto took the first thrust into Guren. Shinya was pleased to learn Kureto's hips were strong enough to push Guren deeper into the blond all at once, Guren's own legs now practically useless, trembling in exhaustion. Kureto jerked his hips once more, eliciting an approving sigh from the remaining two. It only took a moment before he fell into a satisfying rhythm, causing Shinya to latch onto Guren's arms, breathing laboriously as more heavenly whines kept pressing at his lips. Guren's condition was similar, only worse. Receiving pleasure from both sides, he was reduced to grabbing at the cushions under Shinya, as he nearly cried in his wondrous overstimulation.
Soon enough Kureto's thrusts became hectic, deeper, greedy. He was close, yet still the farthest of the three. To Guren's great surprise, Shinya was the first to give in. Holding his breath, he dug his nails into Guren's arms as his body shivered and he could finally release the tension pent up inside him through all the stopping and teasing and talking. He came with a sharp breath, experiencing a climax so intense he could swear every muscle in his body twitched and he saw not only stars, but entire galaxies. It was only a few seconds before Guren followed him with a loud cry, almost collapsing onto the man with his hands too weak and shaky to keep him up. Later thinking about it, he felt lucky he didn't faint. He would have to admit it was the best orgasm he had ever consciously experienced.
Kureto, unsurprisingly, came last, with only a louder grunt and an immediate stilling of his body. He too, however, felt unparalleled pleasure. Remaining in silence, broken only by their heavy breaths, they took their time coming back to reality. Finally disjoining, Kureto sat back onto the couch, letting Guren finally fall onto Shinya in exhaustion. He was already filthy, Guren figured Shinya's cum wouldn't make a big difference to him in the end.
"Well, that was nice." Kureto concluded, getting dressed. The remaining two didn't bother opening their eyes as they groaned at the sub-par comment. Kureto's performance may have been amazing, but his opening and ending phrases would make anyone's ears bleed.
"Thank you for your participation." Kureto said softly, kneeling beside the two. He placed a (terribly unfitting of him) kiss on each of their foreheads. A queer sign of gratitude and a habit of his.
"See you on tomorrow's meeting." He added before leaving the room and closing the door.
"That asshole." Guren groaned, slowly picking himself up from Shinya.
"Oh come on now, Guren. You can't deny you loved it." Shinya chuckled, watching the man with his still half-dazed, beautiful blue eyes.
"Exactly. Which is why he's an asshole." Guren only sighed. Name-calling was his childish way of coping with his official loss of dominance. "At least he'll stop drugging you after this, right?"
"Oh, about that…" Shinya now forced a guilty smile, which Guren was certain was not apologetic enough for what he was about to confess. "Kureto-niisan never added anything to my water. That was a lie. Although I did get off 12 times in the last 24 hours."
"But how?" Guren decided to ignore the first part of his confession for the moment. He was certain Shinya's story would clear it up anyway. "Even you must realize that's a ridiculous amount for someone your age."
"I know, right? I was also surprised at first. But the thought of a good sober threesome just doesn't get old." Shinya closed his eyes with a smile, reminiscing the sweet fantasy he had just brought into reality. "It's so ridiculously arousing, before I knew it I, it was in my mind again and again and I just couldn't help…"
"Getting hard and masturbating? Jeez, you're quite literally a fifteen-year-old. But I must say, you have sexual fantasies down to an art." Guren shook his head helplessly. Shinya's stamina, when provided enough arousal material was so potent, it could probably be used as an alternative source of household energy. Guren was slightly envious of such vigor, even if he realized how taxing such fun must have been. "So in the end you wanted to turn your fantasy into reality?"
"Yeah." Shinya chuckled with an awkward smile. "Sorry for not being more honest about it, convincing you can be a pain sometimes."
"You're fucked up, you know?" Guren decided, before leaning in for a warm, lingering kiss. "And so am I. Because at the end of the day, I really don't mind getting pulled into the real life adaptations of your wet dreams. So I guess it's alright."
"Thanks. I do appreciate it, Guren." Shinya spoke gently, cupping the man's cheek. It was at these moments, when Shinya smiled at him and they fell into a companionable silence, where words were unnecessary to express their gratitude for each other, that Guren's heart throbbed a bit harder. He had been friends with Shinya for as long as he was willing to remember, and their status as 'friends with benefits' lasted for almost a full year now. And at these times, at such tiny, almost irrelevant moments of affection, such short minutes of pure, unspoiled happiness, Guren thought that one of the benefits that came from their status, might have been love. Somewhere deep inside him, he knew that Shinya felt the same. But they were both fifteen-year-olds in terms of love, too cowardly to confess in a baseless fear of rejection. But so long as they could experience these short moments, Guren knew he needed nothing else.

 
"Shinya," Guren called as the blond slowly made his way to the door, now fully dressed and clean. "Will you make your way home on your own?"
"I think that's what I should be asking you." Shinya grinned innocently, only mildly concerned for Guren's condition. Although the day's events could have indeed tired him out beyond belief, so a teaspoon of worry felt appropriate.
"I'm fine, really." Guren assured, taking a few steps towards Shinya. "But I was wondering, you know. We didn't get that 'nice, slow fuck' in the end. If you would like to change that anytime soon, then I'm always ready."
"I'm surprised you remembered." The blond chuckled before pinching his chin thoughtfully. "Yes, I'll think I'll take you up on that quite soon. Actually! Would you mind if I came over tonight? I think I want to make sure you're alright in the end."
"Sure, sounds good to me." Guren nodded with a light smile. "Wanna go with me? It's more economical, you know."
It wasn't. Guren lived within walking distance from the Army Headquarters. Shinya didn't mind that terrible excuse.
"I'd love to, yes. But before," He turned around on his heel, grabbing the doorknob in one swift move. "Some of us have reports to finish."
"Oh, of course. Reports. Yes." Guren crossed his arms on his chest. He was beginning to find new reasons to hate Shinya's diligence and professionalism.
"Don't worry, it'll only be a few minutes." Shinya assured, opening the door, while briefly stroking over Guren's cheek with his slim fingers. "I'll be right back and we'll be off."
"Alright, I'll be waiting then." Guren nodded, getting a light hold of the hand on his cheek and squeezing it affectionately. Shinya smiled.
"See you then." Shinya pronounced, leaving the room. Guren sighed, seeing the door close behind him. He was about to head for his desk when the door suddenly opened once more.
"Oh, I almost forgot." Shinya rushed back in, closing the door behind him. Pulling Guren by his shoulder, he rose to his toes to leave a sweet kiss on his lips. "Thanks, Guren. For everything."
He soon left the room once more, but Guren remained standing, as if frozen. When did he begin pronouncing his name so softly? The word resounded in his head time and time again, as he recalled every time Shinya called him 'Guren' in the most recent history. Playful, teasing, lost in pleasure or even professional, in any and all cases he pronounced his name so gently, so lovingly. Guren finally came to the realization that there was one more thing he had always adored about Shinya's voice – the way he called his name. If he ever hoped for any confirmation of their mutual feelings, he had now found the greatest evidence.
And perhaps for the first time ever, he became fully conscious of how much he truly loved Shinya.
He wanted to race down the hall, break into his office and tell him immediately. It was time for him to know.
But he'd give himself some time. Maybe a few hours.
Tonight.
He'd confess tonight.
He smiled. Shinya's silly ideas always made him realize the oddest things. For once, he was truly grateful for Shinya's horny fifteen-year-old brain.



Chapter End Notes
Shinya's silly ideas also taught him what "middling" was btw.
So yes, on that cheesy note, I'm finishing this fic. Mmm, you can physically almost feel the sap. xD
Thanks for sticking with me for so long and for reading to the end! :D I'll be really glad to hear anyone enjoyed whatever my perverted mind came up with here. XD
Oh, and two more notes. The first one is that again I got fixated on Shinya's voice (or rather, Suzuki Tatsuhisa's) becasue asdfh did you even hear him pronounce Guren's name? 99% love, 1% sass (real values may vary from my estimations, mind you. xD)
And the second one is that the way I called Shinya's intense masturbation sessions as usable as "as an alternative source of household energy" is actually a reference to a Japanese euphemism to masturbation, that being 自家発電 (jika hatsuden), meaning literally "In-house power generation". Gotta be my favorite indirect phrase for jerking off. xD
Alright, that's all I have to say. :) Once again, thanks for reading and I hope to see you all sometime soon on a different occasion. <3



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



