



The Favourite - Kissandmusic - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

The Favourite
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/22227901.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
Gen, M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook & Kim Seokjin | Jin, Jeon Jungkook/Kim Seokjin | Jin
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Kim Seokjin | Jin, Min Yoongi | Suga, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Kim Namjoon | RM, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Taehyung | V, Bangtan Boys Ensemble
Additional Tags:
Canon Compliant, Bon Voyage (BTS), Tattooed Jeon Jungkook, Mentioned Bangtan Boys Ensemble, Jeon Jungkook-centric, Jeon Jungkook is a Sweetheart, Kim Seokjin | Jin is Bad at Feelings, Friendship, Friendship/Love, Fluff
Stats:

        Published: 2020-01-12
        Words: 9642
      

The Favourite
by Kissandmusic
Summary
Jungkook is Seokjin’s favourite. It’s an unspoken belief deep set into Jungkooks heart that started all the way back as a trainee and continues to this day as he warms his cold hands against the elders back with only minimal complaints thrown his way about it. If he looks deep into his heart too, Seokjin might just be Jungkook’s favourite.--(Bon Voyage season 4 starts filming, Jungkook returns with tattoos over his arm and not everyone seems happy to see him).
Notes
I wrote 90% of this before the last episode of bon voyage, so consider it loosely following canon.It was also supposed to be half the size of this. Welcome to my first fiction since the heady days of Harry Potter pre Order of the Phoenix. Please be kind :)



The Favourite

 It wasn’t like it mattered. Not exactly, maybe it mattered a bit? But it wasn’t like it was a big deal. It wasn’t like he needed to hear the praise or anything. It was just nice to, that’s all. “Let me see!”Jimin had been the first to see the additions to Jungkook’s tattoo collection, fingers deftly peeling hsi sleeve back. He'd heard about them and excitedly replied to a simple photo of Jungkook laid out, grin in place with a delighted thumbs up whilst the artist did his worst. Naturally of course, Jimin had his own tattoo and had insisted on seeing him on his birthday, who else was he going to send the message to. After a tricky month too, the excitement from Jimin had been a welcome relief, a sign, something going right for once.Then came Hoseok visiting on his birthday, a pinched brow for a moment, his lips fighting the smile he was trying to hold back as he checked up on the youngest. “You’ve been following all the aftercare instructions properly?” Jungkook had bounced on the balls of his feet, reigning in the smile that burst out just from hearing the concern laced through his hyungs voice, the way he peered at him as if he was gazing over the top of some glasses. “Sure thing, all over it. You like them hyung?” The bouncing hug that returned and tease that his little Jungkookie was all grown up was enough. Jungkook thought his face would fall off from beaming so hard.Namjoon and Taehyung saw them together, all of them meeting for the first time all month, getting ready for the cameras to arrive and film them packing for New Zealand. Past the delight and relief - why is it always relief to see everyone again - they were both excited to get a glimpse. “Its our initials. Had to change it up a bit, I had all these ideas but it felt right you know?” He’d explained to Namjoon easily, after talking through the rest of the sleeve, pride in his knuckle tattoos saving them for last, pride in his group too, wanting the leader to feel what he was trying to say. Taehyungs fingers had traced over his skin, no words needed to voice approval, whilst Namjoon had been quietly taking in all the elements trailing up his arm. “I love it. Suits you, Kook. Kinda feels like artistry you know.” His skin was warm where Taehyung squeezed his arm, warm and lingering.The hug from Yoongi was different. The expectation had been different from the start, hearing him shuffling into the kitchen where Jungkook had been helping himself to handfuls of cereal – so hungry, why was there never food when he wanted it – rather than a fanfare it was comfort, comfortable as the elder had shuffled his weight into him, pulled his arms around him. “Missed you too, hyung.” The curve of his lips had given Yoongi away. “Who said anything about that.” He’d got himself a coke from the fridge, an appraising nod to his sleeveless arm before he left to carry on with packing. “Nice work kid.” It wasn’t that it was the be all and end all of everything, but given how they all knew how excited Jungkook had been about it, hadn’t stopped talking for weeks, doodling ideas into schedules and note books and onto his iPad, Jungkook was spoiled enough to expect them all to look and to care. Everyone upon seeing him made the effort too, not the first thing they did but pretty quickly checking on his latest news.So maybe it hurt when he heard Seokjin come back from the store and barely react to him being back. Well, barely, he’d bounded up to the elder, eagerly awaiting his reaction, something, anything, that ball of energy that always came close to exploding around him wanting to escape, bouncing to be free. And he got a reaction, as if he was a stray puppy seeking attention. “Ya! You nearly knocked me over! Who let you back! Down! Back!” Jungkook's cheeks had pinched up happily, waiting for the punch line, physical, verbal, one of the two, it was Seokjin and he never really knew what he was gonna get. It was part of the fun. Part of what made his tension rise whenever he was around Seokjin. What he hadn’t seen coming was a sniff, pushing hair off his face with an elbow as he got past him, shopping in hand, tone unimpressed as he glanced towards a displayed, inked bicep. “Hope you got permission for those.”And he was gone to pack. The ball of energy Jungkook had been holding onto popped dramatically with one side glance and dismissal. Like a balloon that deflated instantly, the weight of words already been spoken to him from higher up, management came tumbling in to sour the excitement once again.It wasn’t like it mattered... Right? --Jungkook had somewhat got permission for his tattoos. He had permission that is, for some tattoos. That he hadn’t been completely explicit about where and what, well, that wasn’t his fault. He imagined everyone had expected something like Jimin's. Easy to conceal, if you wanted to. Easy to flash for a crowd of fans to tease when you wanted to that too. The company had even said, if he’s planning something about ARMY that it should be okay.But the more he sat drawing design, after design, after design out, none of them had really felt right. Just the vibe, you know, it wasn’t Jungkook. It was like the itch under his skin said, it had to be his arm. He literally kept softly scritching over his bicep imagining the ink covering his skin, the mottos he wanted to keep hold of and remember for the rest of his life.And the ones on his hands too, he spent so long thinking about it. He couldn’t love his group members more if he tried. He wanted to look at their letters, feel them with him no matter what. Maybe twenty years from now he’ll feel alone, he wants to see them and remember the feeling of fullness and rightness and love with a simple glance. Still, Jungkook has always had a solid sense of what was right and wrong. He’s been pretty sure a sleeve tattoo is on the companies list of wrong. He thinks, browsing through the murkier depths of Twitter and the comments of some more dedicated fans that he might be doing wrong by them too. Jungkook was their baby right? Even his hair, finally whisping over his eyes, getting long enough to tuck behind his ears had felt like it was dividing everyone. A tattoo? On his arm? Several? He might cause a riot. An angry internet based riot, with pictures of him burnt and Bangtan disowned for life.Maybe he was being dramatic, but that weight never left. But neither did the itch, the ideas bugging him and bugging him and the words from their manager kept buzzing around his head. “A vacation to enjoy as normal twenty somethings do.” If he didn’t have the weight, if he had no pressure, what and who would Jungkook be?He’d have that goddamn tattoo, that’s for sure. And maybe like 20 puppies, the kind he could walk all at once, but that’s something for later life. Still, the balance was delicate. And even as he felt braver, the bounce of excitement solidifying to something heavier, harder to move from the pit of his stomach, he was still trying to convince himself that it was worth it. To disappoint, to do something that was himself. Which meant several nights up late, doodling, and more often than not channelling the energy into the gym. It isn’t huge, but one of the first things Jungkook had asked for when moving had been an onsite gym. He’d share a room with someone even, if he could have just a space for 3am workouts when he wasn't able to sleep. Turned out he wasn’t alone with his request, and a basement room had been kitted out with mirrors, a treadmill, weights, bench. Enough. Even room enough for more than one of them to work out at time and it was less rare than any of them would like to admit that they’d catch one another at arse o clock of the morning down there pushing out unwanted thoughts and feelings one way or another. So when Seokjin had appeared, a bit dishelved, tired looking, blinking at Jungkooks reflection as he lifted the small weights to a count, it wasn’t a great surprise. “Can't sleep either Hyung?” It was a slow nod that agreed with him, settling himself onto the treadmill, a walking pace for now. Seokjin doesn’t like the treadmill, Jungkook knows. He’s like him, weights and press ups over stamina like running, but he also knows when Seokjin wants to wear himself out to sleep, the treadmill is where he zones straight for. He’s told him before too, he knows it’ll kill him with either pain or boredom, which so long as it kills him, he’s happy. They worked out together in silence for a good ten minutes, wordlessly passing bottles of water to one another for good measure, eyes catching in the mirror from time to time but, it was comfortable. Jungkook wouldn’t question what was keeping Seokjin awake, it wasn’t worth it. He’d get told whenever, if ever, Seokjin was ready to share. And for his part, Seokjin always returned the favour, maybe knowing that if left to himself for long enough, Jungkook would spill. Tonight was no different, the silence stretching out until Jungkook caught Seokjins gaze again, neither stopping their movement. “I wanna get a tattoo. Like, several, right up this arm.” It had fallen out like a statement, even if there was clearly a question mark behind it – what do you think? “But?” Seokjin could hardly be surprised by the declaration of wanting a tattoo, though he allowed his eyebrows to raise slightly at the location. They both carried on as they were, allowing Jungkook two more reps to think over his answer carefully. “Kinda scared? I guess.” Jungkook also guessed that he could only say that out loud at 3am when his body was starting to scream about needing sleep. And maybe, just maybe because it was Seokjin too. He was still the man who’d seen Jungkook cry embarrassing ugly tears over being homesick when he was fifteen and walked in on him jerking himself off more than once before he figured out how to control his raging teenage hormones. Frankly, there were worse things than admitting a bit of fear to Seokjin and Jungkook had already done them. “It’s a lot of me. For people to look at, not like.” He tried to shrug it off nonchalantly, an actual bodily shrug before focusing on his own reflection lifting the bar of weights up to this chest again and holding it. The pace of Seokjin’s treadmill upped one notch, the older not gazing at him for too long before answering. “Yeah it is, but if you really want it, who cares?”“Army-“He didn’t expect Seokjin to laugh, but there’s an obvious giggle that flutters out of his lips before words follow. “JK, you could do anything and they’d think you hung the moon. That selfie you sent me on the toilet? They'd love it.” Jungkook was pretty proud of the reaction he’d got for that one, pants around his ankles, grinning through a faked strain. The mere mention enough for him to join in with the giggles that Seokjin had started, which only got worse when he put on a high pitched voice. “Oppa is so handsome~! Thank you for tweeting Prince!” When their eyes finally met, he got a solid nod back to his wide grin. “Tell me I’m wrong.”“You’re wrong.” It was too good a chance to miss.“Asshole, I’m not wrong!”“Ok, ok but if not Army.” Jungkooks eyebrows had furrowed again, hearing himself say the words before he did and realising that perhaps this was why he’d just come out with the whole thing to Seokjin. He was already 80% sure of what he wanted to do. “The agency won’t like it.”“Fuck the agency.” Nobody cared more about being themselves, staying true to themselves even if they had to mask some things for others, than Seokjin. Nobody stood up for their rights to be themselves more than Seokjin. Nobody to Jungkook, seemed as whole and as self assured as if they were born complete and formed with opinions and nuances than he did. The first person to fight their corner, to speak up when he saw something he didn’t agree with. It wasn’t enviable as much as admirable. Jungkook wants to be as whole as Seokjin is.“You want a sleeve? Get a sleeve. You’re more important. Army will accept it, or not. The agency  will accept it, or they won’t. What are they gonna do? It’ll be done, and twenty years later you’ll still be you. Are you going to regret it then? Don’t be you with regrets.” The words drew a small chill of excitement, creeping over his neck, hairs bristling on end with it. 95% sure he was gonna get that tattoo. Silence followed for the next ten minutes, both steadily carrying on with the I’d individual work outs.“Hyung.” A murmur of acknowledgement. “I want fried chicken.”The treadmill stopped, a sweaty arm shrugging round Jungkook's shoulders, and a weight flopping there with a heavy breath. “Thought you’d never ask.” --Jungkook had made a pretty quick plan in his head. They’ll get on a long flight and part way through, he'll go talk to Seokjin just to be certain they’re all cool. Make sure Seokjin was okay, maybe he had a shitty break, Jungkook realised he never actually asked. Didn’t get chance to ask. Sure there’ll be cameras on them but the company are wise enough to edit out anything too personal, and has pretty sure they’ll edit out mentions of his you know what’s. Will definitely edit out if anything gets said about his friends, female friends evidently something he needed to avoid. Hes ready been told to hide his hand as much as possible too, plans made to buy some gloves and grinned as he figured it’d give him a kinda Michael Jackson vibe. It puts a more fun spin on a potentially sour topic.Who’s bad.Until all of that was messed up. Seokjin has to get on a different flight and Jungkook was sighing. It isn’t a big deal but, as the one who told him, encouraged him to go ahead with it. It’s a bit maddening. He should have been the first to high five him, congratulate him on being his own person. It’s how Jungkook feels anyway, like he’s had a month away and come back more as himself than ever before. More whole, like he knows a bit better who Jungkook is now.His clothes feel like his own, his hair style how he'd try it out if nobody was paying attention even if he’s starting to get frustrated with the way it always falls in front of his eyes (there’s got to be a better solution to this?), his music... he’s getting there. He put a lot into melodies before he worked on the words, but all of it finally... It feels like him. Everything that’s happened along the way this month, for once not a stumbling block but character building. He’s been through the upset, and he’s come out of it knowing that this is who he is and that Seokjin was right, Jungkook and his opinions and feelings are important still. But Jungkook is still Jungkook. Opinions matter, and as much as the storm brews in the media as they catch a glimpse of his new artwork, he finds he doesn’t mind as much as he thought about that – he isn’t worried about what they think as much as he is about one other person. He worries about what Seokjin thinks. It makes him antsy, and even when he’s forgetting about it, his brain keeps humming it back to him as relentlessly as the itch that made him get inked in the first place. A tapping of his foot that doesn’t stop even when as Jimin fixes him with a gaze that screams dude, cut it out.It isn’t a big deal. Only, feeling like himself, might be. Knowing truly for one of the first times in his life who he might be, yeah. Knowing that who he is, means he needs some validation . It might be more than tattoos. --Seokjin is tired. It’s written all over his features as he beams a smile at the group, sharing a tight hug with Taehyung as if they’ve been apart for longer than 24 hours. It isn’t that Jungkook has any special mind reading or body language skills when it comes to his group members, and he’s sure he isn’t alone in noticing it, but Seokjin feels like he’s tired. It’s in the way his eyes flutter closed and he stretches, the brightness not coming out physically. A happy and rested Seokjin, Jungkook knows, is physical. He’s the guy that throws fake punches in his direction or casually starts a competition for who can do more star jumps in the space of a minute. Jungkook has beaten him 5 out of 5 times.Before he knows it’s even coming out of his mouth, Jungkook has already brightly declared himself as campervan driver. It’s pretty awesome, he’d wanted to try driving something like this and has nothing to do with looking over all of his Hyungs and seeing the weariness of the flight playing on their features. It’s not just Seokjin, it’s everyone sleepily back from vacations that weren’t entirely relaxed. Vacations came with costs, a need to do something for some of them, an issue switching off work mode. Years of free time crammed into two solid weeks.He can drive a campervan to help out. It’s the least he can do.“It's awesome, it'll be like driving a monster truck or something.” Yoongi had eyed him back suspiciously for the brightness before shuffling his way to the SUV, the energy to deal with such optimism long gone. But Hoseok was pleased, thanking him with a brief shoulder squeeze, a quiet admittance that he wanted to try help but was nervous of the roads and the van. Jungkook doesn’t get it for himself, but he’s seen the worry flit over the others expression enough to smile and ease his guilt with another shake of his head. “No hyung it’s fine, I wanna do it!” He has to stop himself from biting on his lip however when he looks over, to the driver of the SUV. Everyone’s tired but he noticed it in Seokjin first. It’s nothing to do with him wanting the older to be his navigation buddy in front of the camper. Nah, he’s got Jimin to help him with that and honestly, Jungkook does forget about that temporary feeling in favour of enjoying the buzz of a new country, scenery, the happy bubble of Jimins voice floating through the campervan with Taehyung and Hoseok laughing so hard he’s surprised the SUV crew can’t hear them without the aid of walkie talkies. Puzzle pieces that fall together with ease again, as it should be.If Jungkook forgets somewhat about being hurt come the evening, he can’t be blamed. Between the soft way Seokjin’s eyes had fluttered when he adjusted his hair for him, the joy of being back with friends that make his gut hurt from laughing too hard and baby lambs in his arms – the trauma of not being acknowledged has softened. Besides out in the countryside with really bad wifi connection, it’s hard to remember what the big deal is with the tattoos at all. He’s back to being Jungkook, just Jungkook, playing with the resident dogs.It’s where he comes across Seokjin later at night, sat on the doorstep with the door slightly opening trying to coax one of the dogs back over to him. It looks like Seokjins old dog, and that softness is back to Seokjins cheeks again that Jungkook is fond of for it’s rarity. Seokjin is somehow both intimidating but soft this way. A vulnerability that Jungkook swears he can feel in himself radiates from it too, as if the feeling transfers to him and he doesn’t know why but it does.The dog isn’t listening to a word Seokjin is saying. The man is calling out the wrong name, which doesn’t help, but like some weird pied piper for dogs because dogs just like him, Jungkook smiles, running outside and bringing him back for Seokjin to ruffle behind the ears. “Jjangu! You’re a good boy Jjangu...you're not him but you could be...your eyes are the same...” It’s almost like Jungkook hasn’t just sat down next to him on the step, arms wrapped around his chest to keep back the bite of the cold and the stray breeze of vulnerability again. It’s comfortable though, watching the sky in an unfamiliar landscape whilst listening to the familiar rumbles of the voice next to him. “Do you think deja-vu is like, when you see something a previous life saw?” The words just kinda come out after several minutes of the silence without an awful lot of thought, only just, thoughts that he had at the time. “Like if he’s Jjangu reincarnated, he might be looking at you like, wow, deja-vu.” Seokjin looks at him with a raised brow, one hand still absently scratching behind the dogs ears, his expression one of pure puzzlement, with a dash of amusement to the side. “How many drinks did you have?” He pauses for a second, lips pulling into a small smile as he draws Jjangu the reincarnated up to bop noses with him. Before Jungkook has chance to weakly protest, he’s already answered though. “Maybe. Makes sense, but he can’t tell us about it.” He likes that part of him. For all they tease , push and pull at each other, Seokjin always answers the thoughts that rattle through his mind as if they matter. He’s said before it’s because of their shared mental age, Jungkook hadn’t realised himself that he tends to do the same. What do you want for dinner answered with the same sincerity as do you think aliens are out there, sometimes in the same breath. Filled with affection, and a chill from the cold, Jungkook falls forwards, arms wrapping around Seokjins solidly, feeling his weight hit his back with the same heaviness. If there’s a question of why, it isn’t verbalized although it’s answered with a smile that bursts through his face again. Because Jungkook is happy, comfortable, glad to have everyone back again. Jungkooks puzzle pieces are fitting back and worries seem much smaller together. “My personal trainers got a dog. Makes me wanna go more, but I get distracted by it.”Seokjin is still playing with Jjangu reincarnated at this point, if playing meant gently teasing under his chin and giving belly rubs. Jungkook likes to do that too, but he always works dogs up more than he means to, feeding off the way simple things grabs their attention, makes their tales wag happily and tongues lol out of their mouths. Before he knows it, he’s usually rolling on the floor wrestling them away from licking his face and mostly giving in. Kinda why his personal trainer keeps telling him to pay attention, not to the dog. Honestly, he had a point too, Jungkook also liked to walk in and pick up weights whilst wearing sandals, his toes laughing in the face of danger. Distractions from dogs, weights and sandals aren’t a great mix. Seokjin doesn’t slip like Jungkook though, his focus not swayed by the extra affection, nor is the affection pushed away. It’s nice, and Jungkook thinks Seokjin Is leaning into it a bit too. Can feel the little sigh from the elders chest and the way he relaxes. It’s enough to stay put. Much less than that would have made him stay too, it’s warm. “Is he big?”“My trainer? Yeah, he’s pretty hulked out.”“No, the dog.”“Oh. Nah, he’s tiny.” “Can’t weight train using him instead then.” It’s an awesome idea Jungkook saves alongside the image of himself going for walks with his 20 dogs in the future. Weight training with a St Bernard, that’s a goal. Seokjin has awesome ideas. “Is that what you were doing, for your vacation?” “Not as much as I should have done, I had weight goals and a diet plan to stick to but-“ Jungkook shrugs his shoulders some knowing that the gesture will be felt, swallowing down the bit of disappointment in himself for not trying harder and trying to play it off “-Kinda ended up doing other stuff.” And somehow, the silence just after isn’t the comfortable stretch and the warm from Seokjin is still there but the sigh feels like it’s been sucked back in making Seokjins shoulders tense again. Which Jungkook doesn’t understand and almost doesn’t want to understand, only wishes it was gone again. His knuckles rub into the base of Seokjins neck, trying to un-knot the tension that appeared so quickly. He at least, finds himself rewarded with some words, although they’re drawn out of the silence for longer than he’d like, or understands.“But it was good?” “Yeah, how about you hyung? How was vacation?”Because he was gonna ask, wasn’t he, they hadn’t shared vacation stories together yet, he hasn’t spent an 11 hour flight and 4 hour stopover slotting back into place with Seokjin yet. “It was fine.” His neck shifts, angling his head a bit more away from Jungkook, which only makes Jungkook want to lean in a bit more, crowding into that space to take up the gap that Seokjins just left. “Me and Yoongi went fishing, cycling.” The memory of the text message telling Jungkook to come fishing springs to mind, alongside the one making fun of Yoongi for cycling like an old man. And it was funny, a smile springing to Jungkooks lips as he recalls it without any of the relevant other information about those messages coming back to him yet.“Are we going cycling here hyung? I wanna go cycling with you and Yoongi-hyung.” Seokjin has slipped out of his hold before he’s ready for it, hand ruffling in Jungkooks mane of hair as he groans getting to his feet. “Check your schedule MJ, it might be part of it. I’m washing up.”“MJ? I’m JK.” He gets finger guns in return and a smile that Jungkook doesn’t think reaches his eyes. There’s this sinking feeling that he’s left too early, that the conversation was purposely cut short, that the warmth of Seokjin has disappeared before it normally would do. A gnawing bubble in his stomach that hears the passive aggressive tone asking if he had permission for his tattoos melding with the wrong nickname despite the finger guns and faux smile. He just wanted to go cycling.Jjangu the reincarnated nips at his ankles whilst he gazes at the space vacated by Seokjin. --The thing about messages, texts, kakakotalk chats, Snapchats, tweets – isn’t that they aren't   important to Jungkook. It’s that he gets a single message, reads it, feels it for a moment and mostly decides to wait a moment before he responds. He doesn’t entirely trust his gut reaction to translate into the right words, if he’s honest. And if he’s even more honest, he gets lazy with them. He thinks he will reply but five days later that fleeting emotion that came from having a message light up his phone is a distant memory that half the time he doesn’t remember them at all.He’s better with calls. His friends are always telling him that he’s weird, because nobody answers or makes phone calls any more. But if you call Jungkook and he’s available to answer his phone, it works out for him because he can actually reply without looking at the screen and deciding on the best thing to say.Jungkook also thinks it’s important to not spend his life connected to social media. Everywhere is full of him, full of opinions and even the good ones are too much. The bad ones, the bad press, are always too much.When fans ask if he deleted Twitter, he wants to tell them the truth sometimes. Yep. If he doesn’t delete it, then he looks at it at 4am and doesn’t finish looking for another 48 hours with hardly any sleep. He needs to work himself up to doing Twitter. So he deletes it, reinstalls when he’s had half a bottle of soju, makes his appearance and shoves this phone at Taehyung who deletes the app again for him before he can get sucked back in.Of course friends are different.And he doesn’t stop himself wasting hours looking at memes they send, but he doesn’t spend hours reacting to the memes outside of what his face does. So he supposes, when he unlocks his phones and feels a curl of guilt sink into his stomach, that it’s his own fault for not realising something. That is the 4 read messages from Seokjin sent over the last month without a single reply. Only one, his birthday wishes, got an answer.It occurred to him whilst packing some of his clothes away into the case the next morning, the muscle memory of packing bringing back words he also hadn’t responded to before they all set off as he casually told the group he missed hanging out with them last month.
I asked you out loads of times JK! You could have seen me!
He could have gone fishing because there’s the message saying that they’re really biting, come and Seokjin would teach him. The photo of Yoongi's butt cycling ahead and the implication that if Jungkook were there, they’d leave poor Yoongi-hyung to eat dust. The innocuous message that simply says I want fried chicken and maybe, and this one devastates Jungkook the most to realise he didn’t reply to. Sent in the middle of the night at a time he knows the house was empty.
You’re all so noisy.
Because Jungkook is now reading all of these with the feel of Seokjin moving out of his hold and the little infliction in his voice, fake smile, finger guns. MJ and the lack of acknowledgement. All he’s reading now is. 
I want you to be part of something I love. 

We make a good team. 

There’s nobody here to eat with. 

I’m lonely. 
So he’s up early, tears rolling down his cheeks looking at month old messages whilst Jjangu reincarnated snufffles as he rests his head into Jungkooks lap. It’s no good now, Jjangu, he’s already dealt damage. Fuck. The slippery thing about Seokjin is, for all the sincerity he will answer a question about deja-vu or what he wants for dinner, or he will ask what you think it feels like to get caught in the middle of a whirlpool, he won’t say what he’s feeling. His thoughts are yours if you ask for them and often if not asked for, he gives them out. But he’d deny ever having a feeling. Whilst Jungkook finds it easy to look his hyungs in the eye and tell them, I love you, I missed you, you’re so cool -he’s been witness to Seokjin trying to firstly accept such statements gracefully. And he’s been around him long enough to know when he’s trying to express those words without saying them. The shy glances and hitch of cheeks, eyes to the floor, the way his shoulders tense every time as if waiting for the words to come back and punch him. And Seokjin was telling him all these things without Jungkook noticing. Whilst Jungkook thought hyung was being funny. He wonders who else he messaged. He wonders if Yoongi saw him send the photo and witnessed the way he left it on read. He wonders if he’s a dick, if he should have taken more care.He hikes up a mountain in the early morning alone with only Jjangu reincarnated as his guide whilst he thinks it over, returning with a hunk of snow that Jimin had been excitedly talking about last night just because he can. He can give Jimin what he wants, he knows how to make Jimin happy at least.There’s no point in saying he’s sorry or confronting Seokjin about it, he decides. For when faced with honesty and feelings, he will only avoid them, as if Jungkook is trying to sink his battleship and he deftly avoids the blow every time. Seokjin missed Jungkook. That’s the conclusion. He’s upset. And perhaps what Seokjin needs to is to know the answer to all those texts that Jungkook missed.I missed you too, hyung. If he can’t say it, then Jungkook knows he’s good at something. He’s going to show it, he’s going to make sure that whenever possible, he pays Seokjin the attention he deserves. Not in a way that will embarrass him either. He’s Jungkook and Seokjin is Seokjin. If attention means arm wrestling the elder when he least expects it, or stealing his jacket simply because he can, then that’s what he’s gotta do. You can’t tell someone you missed your relationship with them by making the relationship something it isn’t, wasn’t, will never be.It’s a bit awkward at first, Jungkook feels it. His first attempt to be natural, by simple fact that he was thinking about it and attempting rather than just doing it, was awkward. The way he carefully put down extra toast for Seokjin had him raise an eyebrow in suspicion and he didn’t have anything to counter it with. No smartass reason or special recipe he wanted to share or really gross spread mixed in with hot sauce to catch him out. But as soon as it had arrived, awkward feeling moved on again once he tied his hair up and batted away Seokjins hands from trying to fuss with it further. He left a red mark over his wrist, but it felt better. It felt normal. A good start.By the time he’s harmonised with the others’ singing, raced him to the bathroom which Jungkook wasn't strictly speaking desperate for, waddled around refusing to let him out of a backhug for ten minutes and fed him the nicest piece of meat from his plate whilst stealing his vegetables - it once again feels natural. Nobody mentions the texts, nobody mentions the tattoos and Jungkook is JK again, the way he likes to be.--Bangtan do not have favourites. This is well known. The good thing about being seven of them with their seven very different personalities is that there is a member of Bangtan for every one of Jungkooks moods, or indeed, anyone’s mood.He doesn’t always seek his advice from Namjoon, nor does he only ever play with Jimin. Sure, Taehyung and Jimin are best friends forever and have probably carved that into a tree somewhere but this is different. The point still stands for all of them, there is no such thing as a favourite group member.Jungkook is Seokjin’s favourite. It’s an unspoken belief deep set into Jungkooks heart that started all the way back as a trainee and continues to this day as he warms his cold hands against the elders back with only minimal complaints thrown his way about it. If he looks deep into his heart too, Seokjin might just be Jungkook’s favourite. A close run race where sometimes Seokjin is an annoying fuck who he wants to punch in the face and falls at the first hurdle, but that’s not all of the time.Yoongi is probably Seokjins second favourite. Again, this is Jungkooks unspoken belief based on the fact that if Seokjin isn’t playing with him then he gravitates towards Yoongi. The way he behaves around him is completely different, the mood changes and Seokjin seems to go into a quiet, more reflective mode. For his part too, it makes Jungkook smile to see Yoongi’s lips curl up as he plays along with silly jokes in a way that Jungkook never would. It’s good to have a second favourite. It’s good there are seven of them to lean upon and balance one another’s moods or the group might combust. It isn’t Seokjin with Yoongi that night though, nor is he with Jungkook. It’s Jungkook himself chopping up onions next to the smaller man, talking about his plans for making ramen like it might be the most important thing in the world. He sings his plans sometimes too, with approving nods and grunts from Yoongi. He likes the mood. It’s easy, Yoongi looks scary but he’s so easy to be around. There’s never any pressure to say or do anything, he doesn’t have to be funny or insightful or any particular level of energy. Just Jungkook.He wonders if that’s why Yoongi is Seokjins second favourite. Somebody else he doesn’t have to think around, but different to how it is with him.“Yoongi-hyung,” He scratches his nose trying to not get onion coated fingers anywhere near his eyes. Receives a grunt to carry on. “Did you see a lot of Jin-hyung on vacation?”A look of consideration. “Mmn. Depends what a lot is. It was me and him, at home. I heard him around. Why?” He wasn’t sure but goes for the first thing that comes to mind. “I want to come cycling with you both next time, do you think he’d let me?”Confusion. “Why wouldn’t he?”“No reason. ...” Jungkooks hair gets in his eyes the most when he’s trying to help with cooking. He has to navigate the pushing back of his bangs from his eyes again without smearing onion all over them and it ends up with a dramatic head flick and an accidental sigh. “I didn’t reply to his texts.”“You don’t reply to anyone’s.” As it’s Yoongi, it isn’t an accusation as much as it’s a fact. It doesn’t hurt. “He'll want you to come. Always does.”Some thing burns a little in Jungkooks chest, and it isn’t embarrassment or anger. It’s a good sort of burning, a warmth that comes from simple words that mean simple things. “Hyung.” Yoongi doesn’t look up from his cooking, but there’s the tilt to his head that tells Jungkoook that he’s listening, please continue on. His voice is a bit smaller this time, and it isn’t really exactly what he wants to ask but as it feels like it stemmed from this in the first place, he can’t help but go ahead. Maybe there will be some answers there. Maybe Yoongi will say the perfect thing that makes perfect sense. “Do you think he likes my ink?” Yoongi stabs his arm with a wooden spatula with a speed nobody else would believe, though they’d believe the viciousness. Jungkook jumps away with a yelp and a rub over his elbow like he’s been mortally wounded. Although he stays within close enough range that should he wish to, Yoongi could land another blow. He’s ready for it this time though, he could jump out of the way like a ninja. “He likes you. You’re overthinking. Go away and make us good ramen, he’ll like you even more.”If he decided to not go away, it isn’t like Yoongi would tell him to move. But he’s given him enough to think about that he takes himself back away to work on his ramen, but not without a squeeze of a hug first just because he likes hugging this hyung a lot. He likes the way he doesn’t fight it but doesn’t lean into it either. It’s what you would feel if you could distill an essence of Yoongi and bottle it. Jungkook thinks he’d label it Pure Acceptance, for homme, for femme. Everything that’s been said, it makes sense. The things that weren’t said too, the surprise and the confusion that he was even on this wavelength, the polite raise of an eyebrow confirming. He’s over thinking it and when he does that, everything knots up. His tongue ties and his actions stall. He becomes somehow, less Jungkook whilst somehow being the essence of Jungkook. Jungkook’s mix tape sits finished and yet unfinished because he overthinks it. He doesn’t know what he’d label his essence as.Maybe if his mixtape liked ramen, it would be easier to win over.--Seokjins cheeks raise and make his eyes form little crows feet that he’d kill Jungkook for pointing out. He’s happy eating Jungkook’s ramen, voicing it out loud for everyone to hear too. Every mouthful gets a delighted sound of approval. Jungkook doesn’t think he could be happier than watching the soft way Seokjins cheeks keep rising as he chews and his fond expression. --The ramen was a success. It was as small boost to him to know that, in this small way, he didn’t fuck it up. Jungkook is still a useful person who is a joy to have around.He spreads this joy by trying to not over think himself any more and to continue not only with Seokjin, but with everyone else, being himself. Although the highlight, the pinnacle of his work comes by the time they can go bungee jumping. They haven’t had any more quiet talks in the dead of night, nobody has discussed that Seokjin was lonely and that Jungkook was slighted, but the mood is back to normal. If anything with the prospect of flinging himself across a canyon at high speed and – woah, they can do it upside down!? Fucking hell yeah – Jungkook had been approaching the afternoon with such high tension levels that it would have been unbelievable if Seokjin hadn’t come out from his polite friendship mode with the younger. It was obvious that much like Jungkook couldn’t say no to Seokjins silly moods, Seokjin was a moth to the flame that was an extremely excited Jeon Jungkook. By the time Jungkook had been dangling by his ankles getting ready to fly, they had already laughed their way through a million and one different poses and sayings that he could do on launch. Buzz Lightyear had been the sensible suggestion. Several YouTube videos later and a concerto of both their laughs ringing in everyone’s ears, the silly salmon had taken top spot. Not only had he been excited, watching everyone fondly from his new perspective upside down, Jungkook had felt a huge wave of affection for all of them.And as his eyes had caught Seokjin as the countdown started, all thoughts of wriggling like a fish in the air left his brain and Jungkook did the only thing that felt right. He blew him a kiss before he departed, wind whipping his hair, arms dangling and the feeling of pure joy ripping through every cell in his body. He got that others could be scared of this, but to Jungkook, this was freedom. This was, the highest level of euphoria he’s ever come across. And Seokjin received his kiss. The giddy joy didn’t fade even as he was winched back up again, his cheeks hurt from smiling so hard already and physically couldn’t stretch any more but if they could they would. Seokjin proudly telling everyone that he knew the kiss was for him.The feeling lasts for the rest of the evening, filtered through with easy laughter as he walked back with Jimin towards the van, taking it in turns with Taehyung to pose for photographs and marvel at the amazing scenery. New Zealand, he just wasn’t expecting it to be so breathtaking. It’s so small, and it’s not like people talk about it much. Before coming he wasn’t even entirely sure what it was known for, only that Namjoon had been and loved it. He hadn’t needed any other reason to agree to visit. Namjoon approved, end of discussion. Jungkook makes a note of this and whilst everyone’s setting up camp that evening, he helps with the construction of chairs and camp beds, whilst telling Namjoon that he’s got great taste. Seriously, he will go anywhere that he recommends again. Getting to see Namjoon’s dimple appear whilst he spoke fondly of his recent adventures around Europe is enough for Jungkook, even if he’s wouldn’t have been able to tell you any of the galleries he recommends afterwards. It’s a calming monologue full of passion and a giddiness of Namjoons own, expressed with his hands softly pushing shapes into the air and it’s enough like that. He’ll ask him again if he ever gets the chance to travelling.It’s only later on that night that Jungkook catches up with Seokjin again. It’s less catching up and more of an intrusion, having been on his way back from washing up and seeing his familiar figure burying himself under 3 different jackets in the passenger side of the SUV, seat pushed all the way back as far as it’ll go.Jungkooks already offered to share the tiny bed he’s sleeping on in the campervan with Seokjin, despite the fact that they would have to spoon so close they’d meld into one overnight. But he knows the older too well, his excuse about being too cold in the tent or camper only there to mask how uncomfortable Seokjin is with sharing with that many people any more. 6 years ago it had been different, nobody had the luxury of having an opinion or a choice. Now with both, and a willpower of steel, Seokjin had exercised his right to some privacy and as much of a decent sleep as he was going to get in a car.But he’s only one person.So obviously Jungkook opens the driver side and wiggles his way in, tugging one of the jackets off of Seokjin who lets out a whine of complaint, whilst Jungkook covers himself slightly. “You’re not sleeping in here with me.”Jungkook has long since given up being surprised when he’s read like a book. He doesn’t like how lonely it feels out in the car on his own whilst everyone else is having key bonding time over snoring, deadly farts and the true meaning of being tired. He doesn’t like to leave Seokjin out here on his own.“Are you even comfortable enough Hyung?” No matter how much he wiggles his butt he can’t imagine not waking up without a crick in his neck that would age him 20 years. And he’s wiggling his butt a hell of a lot in an attempt to do it, knees trying to avoid hitting the horn and feet stretching under the pedals. Seokjiin is, annoyingly, frustratingly, bigger than he is too. Will always be however much he works out. He’s going to end up with cramp.“It’s warm, JK,  I can sleep anywhere so long as it’s warm. And quiet.” His look is pointed but his smile is soft. His cheeks are bringing back those lines to his eyes again. Whatever burnt in Jungkooks chest earlier returns. “I’m gonna sleep real good. Today’s been awesome, like the jump, got rid of so many... many things. Like weights jumped off with me too.”“Yeah?”Finally stopping the excessive wriggling, Jungkook sighs as he lets his body flop back into the chair, fingers burying into his sweatshirt sleeves to keep warm. He’s feeling pretty relaxed right here, right now, letting the space of the silence stretch for a bit longer whilst words try to articulate themselves. And as he always has done, Seokjin ignores it, allows it, knowing words will happen eventually. Or he’ll kick him out of the SUV if it goes on too long, and neither worries Jungkook right now.“Yeah. I stopped thinking, Yoongi-hyung said I was over thinking and he’s right. Gotta stop thinking Hyung, it’s bad for me.”The way Seokjin scoffs makes Jungkook break into a smile not missing the affection behind it. “I could have told you that!” And because he’s listening this time, really listening to what he isn’t saying, he hears it this time. Isn’t going to miss it.“Tell me it then.” “What?”“Am I overthinking too much?” There’s a beat, where the older’s brows crease like he’s been thrown a puzzle, but in true Seokjin fashion he doesn’t wait for the puzzle to reveal itself in full. He lets it play itself out, answers earnestly just because he’s been asked.“JK, you’re always overthinking. I get it, it’s your thing, you’re never going to stop, but you should be more like me.” The laugh that bubbles past Jungkooks lips is out before he’s had the chance to think about that too. A conversation, several conversations that he’s been trying hard to push past the entire trip, to pretend weren’t really a thing swimming into his mind. That he didn’t get is ass kicked by management the day before the flights took off. He isn’t sad about it, or angry, he’s not sure what or how he feels. Guilty. But weirdly liberated too. He feels guilty for the things out of his control but those that were his, he doesn’t feel so bad about. Seokjin is looking at him likes he’s about to rant, but not scolding. Jungkook just laughed at being more like him, he’s got a right to grumble. “What?”“Manager-Sejin hyung said he couldn’t cope with two of you.” “And why was he saying that?”“They were kinda pissed, about the – you know, my ink. I told him, that I wanted to be more like you, hyung.” He feels pretty sheepish coming out with it, but it’s the truth. After the formal chewing out, came the more fatherly, the more understanding sit down with their closest manager who, as he dragged his fingers through his hair tiredly asked Jungkook what on earth possessed him to get tattoos on his hands. And he’d said it, he wanted to do what he wanted for once, he wanted to be more like Seokjin. Fuck the rules. What Jungkook hadn’t seen through their eyes had then been explained, not harshly but matter of factly. That Seokjin has got himself in plenty of trouble that by now, it’s almost expected. He’s carefully cultivated an image for fans too where if he does something unexpected, it’s still expected. They’re not sure how to explain that normally well behaved, good boy Jeon Jungkook, had a case of fuck the system. It doesn’t make it fair, nor does it make it right, but it had given him a different perspective. A willingness to aid them if he could, he’d buy gloves, it’ll be okay. 
For the love of god Jungkook-ah, next time you’ve got the urge to do something, tell me. I’ll have a heart attack if I have to cope with two Kim Seokjins.
Speaking of, he’s watching him right now, and Jungkook isn’t sure what he’s thinking only that he is because he’s quiet. There’s still a few more breaths before from the depths of his blanket and jacket bundle comes a warm hand, knobbly fingers tugging Jungkook’s gloved hand over towards his lap, patting it expectantly before pulling the glove off with a flourish. “Come on then MJ, lemme see what you went with.” “JK. I don’t like MJ.” He’s pouting but bubbling with a small happiness at the same time.“If you don’t wanna be Micheal Jackson...”“Nah, I like JK. I’m good, being me.”“Sure, okay.”Because he’s seen most of the ideas before, in different formats, even if just a screenshot from his phone, it’s easy to tell Seokjin about his feelings towards each tattoo. The meaning, how he decided he wanted them to flow down his skin, what he hopes might fill in spaces one day, the way his tattooist helped him decide on the placement of some, how Jungkook held his ground for others. He tells himself it’s because he knew about them, but the reality might just be in the quiet of the SUV whilst everyone else nestled into their blankets to sleep and with Seokjin listening with a completely open expression, everything feels normal and easy. Whatever validation he craved is there, given with understanding nods and hums of appreciation. But it’s better than what he thought he wanted. He shows off a quote trailing up his arm and Seokjins lips curl up before he says it. Jungkook knows what he’s going to say before he even says it.“Man, you went with this one. I told you not to! Still don’t llike it.”“Yeah, but I do.” He grins in return and God it feels good. Even to hear him say he doesn’t like some of them, it might be better than the total acceptance he thought he craved in the first place. “Your party I suppose.” He’s almost falling asleep by the time they’ve discussed the finer points of every line, argued about the quote, heard Seokjin grumble that he doesn’t have a specific letter just for him across Jungkooks knuckles when “Namjoon gets two, it’s hardly fair”. Jungkook grabs Seokjins hand and simply squeezes it so hard that there’s a tired complaint about it, but he’s sure he understands. I heard you this time. You’re still important.Jungkook thinks he could easily fall asleep actually, his earlier worries about the SUV fading with the warmth and the hum of companionship. It’s also gonna be a cold walk those few metres across to the van. As if he hears his sleepy thoughts, there’s a soft push from next to him, his arm wiggled on until Jungkook opens his eyes again and focuses on the equally soft features of the man next to him. He’s probably on the brink of falling asleep too, he’s seen this look a million times before. Snuggled up to this expression just as many times, and if it weren’t for the gearstick obnoxiously in his way and the gap between the seats Jungkook might have got away with doing it again. “Go to bed. Get out, go on. Shoo.” Jungkooks sure if he could see himself, his smile might be described as toothy. He feels so good. He feels so at home. First time in an entire month perhaps that it’s all fallen into place. He knows it’s a battle he’s going to lose but, he wants to lose it first. “But-““Goodnight, JK.”“You won’t share the bed with me?”“I’m fine. Now go sleep. You spread out too much, you need the space. I’m not alone here anyway.” He isn’t wrong. Seokjin curls into a little ball most of the time and doesn’t move. As if confirming who his bedfellow is going to be, Jungkook can predictably see the stuffed toy ears of RJ peering over one of the jackets hoods. So it’s reluctant but, if Jungkook needs physical space, Seokjin probably needs the mental space too. He’ll tell him days later too, that Jungkook snores and the thought of the acoustics in the SUV would have made it worse than sharing with Namjoon. Jungkook will make a point of creeping into his room in the middle of the night just to make loud snoring noises in his ear too.The jacket he’d stolen gets nestled over Seokjin, sleepily tucking over a leg that looks like it might only have one layer instead of one. Seeing him close his eyes, peaceful and perfectly Seokjin, Jungkook can only do what his body tells him to do too. He’s been advised enough against thinking about anything. A lean in, long hair tickling the olders skin first before Jungkooks lips press in a small kiss to his cheek.“Night, Hyung.” Seokjin doesn’t stir, save for the smile that creeps over all of his features. Jungkook is nearly out of the SUV too, but pauses with the door open just to lean in and say what he’s been meaning to say whilst he can. Before the mood has gone.“It’s good to have you back. Missed you, Hyung.” If he didn’t see his lips move, he would have thought he’d have made it up. “Missed you too, JK.” --“Jin-hyung! I’m riding with you! I’m gonna drive!” “Suddenly?!” “Race you, first one wins your jellies.”“But they’re already mine, why do I have to-“ As he sees the streak of his eldest hyung chase after him, feet pelting into the ground, Jungkook can feel the cackle of laughter escape his lungs. It rings through the air and grows louder as he reaches the car door first, doing the best victory dance a man can do in sandals. Because he won even in his sandals, and gloating over Seokjin even if he knows he'd never claim his beloved jellies from him. It’s the best feeling. Watching Seokjin’s expression redden whilst he complains loudly and calls in Jimin to back him up, because there’s no way this was a fair race, is the best. Hooking his arms around Seokjin's wildly flailing limbs so they’re pinned to his side and Jungkook can hook his chin over his shoulder whilst swaying him from side to side. Well, it doesn’t need explaining. Bangtan doesn’t have favourites. But if Jungkook was perfectly honest with himself Seokjin is his. And he’s feeling like being honest with himself lately. Same old Jungkook, brand new feeling. 



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



