



The Genius and the - Brujx-FallingForKonoha - Sherlock TV Sherlock
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

The Genius and the Doctor
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/1282588.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
F/M
Fandom:
Sherlock (TV), Sherlock Holmes & Related Fandoms
Relationship:
Sherlock Holmes/John Watson, Sherlock Holmes & John Watson
Character:
John Watson, Sherlock Holmes, Mycroft Holmes, Mrs. Hudson, Greg Lestrade, Sally Donovan, Anderson (Sherlock)
Additional Tags:
fem!lock, Genderbending, Alternate Universe - Gender Changes, Female Sherlock Holmes, Friends to Lovers, Romance, Eventual Johnlock, eventually will earn its E rating, Parentlock
Stats:

        Published: 2014-03-07
          Completed: 2019-07-29
          Chapters: 48/48
        Words: 39959
      

The Genius and the Doctor
by Brujx (FallingForKonoha), FallingForKonoha
Summary
Sherlock Holmes is many things. Tall, brilliant, beautiful. A great woman, and almost a good one. But there was always something missing, that is, until she met Dr John Watson
Notes
Feel free to Brit pick the story a bit, not actually English here so it's bound to have some American-ness hidden withinChapters will be short but plentiful, always open to suggestions for different topics




The Beginning
Chapter by FallingForKonoha



Finding a flatmate was miserable, especially for a wounded solider like John Watson
With a limp in his step, and the damage etched throughout every line and wrinkle on his face, he knew he didn’t exactly scream ‘great choice’ during first meetingsThe war had drained him, both mentally and physically. Leaving him the whisper of the man he once was. No more casual smiles, no more running, fooling around, joking, and laughing. Forced happiness and sleepless nights, that’s what he had become, what he was afraid he’d always be
Who would ever want a flatmate like him?
Then, came in Mike, oh Mike, an old friend he knew before he even enlisted, the once fit man was now round and jolly, a smile plastered on his face when he greeted John too enthusiastically, reminding the doctor of the kind of man he’d once been

Did I really use to be that happy? 

Then the topic reached its destination, old friends catching up leading to a potential flatmate who apparently seemed to be just as awkward and difficult as he wasNaturally, he jumped at the chance to meet with the ‘Sherlock’ Mike went on about; happy to discuss living arrangements. At least, this way, he could stay in London. As long this Sherlock didn’t kill people, or had a habit of bring women (or men, whichever he preferred) home at odd hours, he was as good a flatmate as anyone in his book.
 
Imagine his surprise when the doors of Bart’s swung open to reveal a woman, a few years his junior, with curly brown black hair reaching down to her chest in a waterfall of natural spirals and eyes that seemed hell bent on being every color available
Of course Mike had on a smug smile when John had turned back to him, utterly confused. 
She hadn’t spared him a glance, only when he offered his phone, opening her mouth with a simple question. 
Looking back, he realized it was at that very moment she seemed to capture all his attention, like the world had narrowed, tunneling his vision to the beautiful, tall genius. It wasn’t until much later did he realize just how much that Sherlock Holmes managed to take from him that day
 

“Afghanistan or Iraq?” 

 
It was half mumbled under her breath, and he wasn’t even sure he’d heard her correctly
As would be in the future, she seemed to be moving a thousand miles a second, already deciding to move on in the conversation and it felt so much like being lost at sea, swept away where all he could do is nod and listen to her with an awestruck expression as she offer him an address
She was an odd one, that Sherlock, brilliant beyond his understanding, and somehow, in that instant she spoke, he knew, he knew deep down that 221 B Baker street would be his new home
Granted, he never planned on sharing a flat with a woman, not one he wasn’t romantically involved with at least, but it would seem, even that would change with time



Meaningless
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




How in the hell did she think it was even remotely acceptable behavior?
He could handle body parts in the fridge, violin at 2am, even the occasional gunshot at the wall, but this? This was asking too much of the doctor. 
John hunched his broad shoulders, sinking deeper into his chair, praying to any deity that was listening to just let the earth open up and swallow him whole
His flatmate, the questionable character that she was, was currently roaming around the flat, waving a hammer in her free hand with every fling of her arms, a danger to herself and anyone within a foot of her
This was to be expected by now, of course, he’d grown so accustomed to Sherlock’s fits of boredom, but never once had it gone this far
“I was so certain I could duplicate it!” She yelled for the third time, moving in quick, fast paces in front of her couch before dramatically dropping onto it, as if her bones became jelly and could no longer hold the weight of her massive intellect.
The loud ‘Thud!’ of the ‘murder’ weapon hitting the floor made him flinch slightly, which Sherlock didn’t seem to notice
John stole quick glances from over the top of his paper, before burying his suntanned face in it, trying so damn hard to focus on the tiny printed letters and not his half naked genius of a flatmate
She laid there, with one pale arm draped over her eyes, the other still clutching her weapon hung loosely to the side. What was normally covered by a striped blue dressing gown and too short pajama pants was bare, the pale expands of her long, a bit too thin torso in direct line with John’s all too greedy eyes, practically singing to him to allow his gaze to wonder over her beautifully lean body. The only clothing to hide her modesty was a pair of boxer shorts (His, which seemed to shock him more the sight with the sheer intimacy of it) and a pale pink bra to house her small and humble chest
“Not a single case in a week! A week, John! You'd think murders would be more creative!” She punctured each sentence with a groan, breathing in deeply, before launching up, like a string attached to her was pulled taut, and she turned her head to look straight at him
“I need them”
“No” He replied sternly, folding his paper and setting it to the side, his arms crossing defiantly. 
“Ugh!” Another fling of her arms, sending the hammer off to the side, skittering wildly before thumping against the wall, leaving a dent Ms. Hudson was sure to notice later 
Her long thin fingers dug their way into her unruly curls and pulled them loose, allowing them to fall around her face in uneven waves of brown that looked almost red in the noon lighting flickering in from the window
“Sherlock, where are your clothes?” John finally asked, with a clear of his throat, trying to seem casual
She looked at him, as if she had forgotten she was bloody half naked on the couch, and he stared back unmoving, already used to the way her eyes flickered over every inch of his face, deducing everything in a simple second
“Soiled” She responded with a wave of her hand, dismissive as always
“How?” He asked, though he wasn’t exactly sure he wanted to know
“Mucus, honestly, John, one shouldn't feel obligated to wear clothing in one's own home; I only dressed to maintain boundaries”
He snorted at that, hiding his half laugh with a cough, though it was obvious she heard it anyways
Ridiculous, thinking that a bra and HIS boxers were what she considered appropriate attire to parade around in in front of her male flatmate
From across the room, the sound of a beep made itself known, and Sherlock held out her hand, expectantly
John, against his better judgment, fetched the mobile and returned it to Sherlock’s slender fingers, watching her with a half smile as she plucked away at the keys quickly, a smile breaking out across her face, and she launched off the couch to run into her room
A case then, his smile grew, and he walked towards the coat rack, pulling on his jumper, and holding out Sherlock’s coat when she reappeared completely dressed, helping her shrug into the fabric before making their way down the steps towards wherever the Work called them



Chapter End Notes
And here's a drawing of Sherlock Holmes in John's boxers drawn by yours truly:


Curious
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“Out with it, John” Sherlock mumbled, lips barely moving as she narrowed her all seeing gaze into the microscope in front of her
“I’m sorry, what?” He asked
“You’ve repeatedly glanced my way 4 times every minute for the past half hour” She sighed, straightening in her seat and turning her gaze on him “It’s distracting”
Immediate flush of cheeks, eyes darting off to the side, arms crossing in a defensive posture. He was embarrassed by being caught, Sherlock noticed, though it wasn’t like she cared. Feeling his eyes on her made it difficult to ignore his presence, as if the doctor was radiating warmth, shining a bright neon sign that screamed 'I’M HERE PAY ATTENTION TO ME'
“You’re curious about something, I can hear you thinking” She sighed when no response came “Ask so I can get back to work”
Rubbing of the neck, defeated slump of shoulders
“Just…Donovan…”
 Donovan? She leaned back in her seat, crossing her arms. Wasn’t what she was expecting, a personal question perhaps, something involving her love life, or lack there of, sexual history and such, but to bring up Donovan at a time like this…
“If you're thinking about starting a relationship with her, keep in mind she prefers men who are already married.” Her lips pulled slightly downwards at the corners “Though I suppose she sees you as unavailable due to our current arrangement” vague gesture between them, like the air there spoke for her “Perhaps that works in your favor”
“What? No! That’s not what I meant”
Hand over his face, annoyance at Sherlock’s assumption, like it was far off base
That put her uneasy nerves to rest, not fully understanding why the idea of John and Donovan made her skin almost crawl
Maybe the idea of her spending the night in what had become Sherlock’s sanctuary was the root of the issue
Filed away for further analysis
“Then what about her?”
“What’s her problem with you? I know you’re not the easiest person to get on with…but there is a limit”
“People are often threatened by genius, John”
“Lestrade isn’t”
“Lestrade abides me because I get the cases solved. If I observed as well as his team, he’d have left me behind long ago” A pained edge touched her voice, and she turned back to the microscope with a sense of finality, mumbling the last words under her breath “Honestly, John, you forget just how little normal people understand”
“It’s…a difficult thing to understand, Sherlock” John said hesitantly, as if afraid of the turn the conversation was taking. Perhaps he should’ve seen it coming, broaching a sensitive topic like that, but he always just assumed Donovan’s hatred of Sherlock was rooted to just envy, of her brains, her looks, or something equally as petty, the idea of anyone hating her at her core was too far stretched to him. Sherlock, though a lot of things, was not someone to hate, just somewhat annoying
Sherlock didn’t reply to his last comment, and breathing out a shaky sigh, he contemplated just dropping the subject, it would certainly be easier
“But I try” He added after several minutes of silence, his voice piercing the speechless air and caused her to tense just slightly, before relaxing again, shoulders slumping
“Hmm, yes…but you’re special”
There was a smile in her voice



Chapter End Notes
If you have any chapter suggestions to give, like ideas for short chapters, I'd be happy to accept them!


Danger Nights
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes
Tw: Drugs/mentions of past drug useTw: Mentions of sex slavery



‘I worry about her…constantly…’
Those words hadn’t made as much sense to him back then. While worrying for your younger sibling was always something he could relate to, even Sherlock running around and jumping off rooftops didn’t seem to faze him. She could take care of herself, at least physically, able to take down a man twice her size unarmed with her fighting skills alone.
So, why worry?
Danger nights. Mycroft had warned him about them, through a text, usually, or a well timed phone call, letting him know a specific day, hour, or even minute of risk, making sure the doctor kept his little sister from O.D.ing seemed like Mycroft’s main use for John, not that he minded, he’d do anything to keep Sherlock sober. He just never noticed these days, Sherlock was always her usual self, overly confident with a god complex; her mouth laced with silver and misdirected boredom being shot at unsuspecting strangers. She didn’t seem to be any different at all
He began to wonder if Mycroft was being as overly dramatic as his sister
But, it seemed, even John could tell today was a bit not good.


This case, of a sex slave ring which sold almost exclusively children, was already making it’s way under his skin when Sherlock first took a look, and after a week, she managed to nearly take the whole thing apart. But, it would seem, not fast enough, for by the time they and Lestrade’s team brought down the doors to the main warehouse, the operators had decided to dispose of their ‘merchandise’ to keep them from identifying the locations of the other houses and cliental, leaving Scotland Yard to find a room full of corpses with matching bullet holes in their foreheads.
The oldest of them was not a day over 12Everyone had been affected, Sally turning around and burying her tear filling eyes in Lestrade’s shoulder, whose face had pulled into a mask of anger and remorse.
Even John, who had spent all that time at war, had seen so much bloodshed and pain, could not have been prepared for this, and he darted his eyes to the floor, cursing god under his breath for allowing something like this to happen, to children who had already had such a hard life as it was.
Sherlock hadn’t reacted in the slightest, simply looking around, noting all the details and announcing where the other children were being held, immediately departing after that.
He could tell she was affected, however, regardless of what she tried to let other’s believe, even with a face of indifference and a tone as steady as stone, John could see it in the slight stiffness in her stride, feel it in the tension during the cab ride home, hear it as she slammed the front door shut, so loudly Ms. Hudson came out, fusing, which Sherlock ignored as she climbed the 17 steps up to their flat two at a time
And it hit John then
She blamed herselfWhen he made his way up, she was laying down again, sprawled out on the couch, fingertips of both hands together under her noseThinking, then?
“Sherlock…?” He asked cautiously, taking note that she hadn’t brother to remove her coat as he pulled off one of his jumpers
She didn’t reply, not even a hum, and the blank stare she gave the ceiling gave him chills
It was like she wasn’t there, her mind far off and unaware of her surroundings, the glazed over eyes and emotionless expression torn his heart into little pieces
She could talk herself up all she wanted, but Sherlock Holmes was no sociopath, and right in that moment, it was as clear as day that she was human, brilliant and beyond any other on the planet, but human nonetheless.
Of course, now was one of the only times he wished she didn’t feel like she claimed, because she wouldn’t have to suffer, to shoulder guilt that wasn’t even hers to claim
He knew words would fall flat, that no matter what he said, how much he repeated that it wasn’t her fault; they were no more than empty statements to her
At a time like this, John knew she just needed a constant, something to anchor her to reality so she didn’t drift into the dark places of her mind, places that may trigger some memories of needles breaking flesh
So he approached, heading towards the end of the couch were her feet reached to the other arm, noting that if it were he sprawled out about it, his legs wouldn’t take up the whole thing
There was no room for him to sit, as if she made sure of it every time she dominated the sofa. Deciding to take the risk, he simply reached down and lifted her legs by the fabric of her trousers, smiling softly at the widening of her eyes in surprise, the contact snapping her out of her own thoughts. He sat himself down, before replacing her legs upon his lap, reaching for the control to turn on the telly
She shifted slightly to better adjust their positions, and went back to her thoughts, though John noted, with relief, that there was the slightest smile that appeared almost shyly on the corner of her lips
He may not be able to do a lot of things
But at least this was something he was capable of



Mind Palace
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




This wasn’t something normal, he knew, but he long given up hope of that when living with a mad person, so he just remained silent, lying down next to the couch on the floor, mirroring her position and pressing his fingers together under his chin
She exhaled loudly and he did the same
She was sorting, putting pieces of information gathered through the case in some special room in her mind palace to look at later, deleting what she found useless
He joined her, because why the hell not? Curiosity getting the best of him, he shut his eyes and tried to imagine the inside of his head, only to be greeted with Baker St behind his closed lids
Seems like he wasn’t much for imagination, or that if any place was to house his memories and life for the past few months Baker St was as good as any
Sherlock let out a low hum, deep from within her chest, rumbling out almost like a cat’s purr
He peeked an eye open, looking at her surprisingly peaceful face, and if it weren’t for the fact it was Sherlock lying there, he would’ve assumed she was asleep
She had something to do that didn’t involve breaking, burning, or slicing something, and that was a definite improvement, he could deal with a few random moans now and then if that was the trade off
So he closed his eyes again, and smiled, walking around the Baker St in his head, even preparing himself imaginary tea
 
At some point he must’ve dozed off, because when he opened his eyes the lighting that greeted him was that of a dim evening, his eyes immediately landing on those of the consulting detective that was leaning over the side of the sofa, hands prompted on the edge of the cushion to support her, her curls veiling around her face like a halo of darkness, looking rather black in the low lighting
If he shifted up an inch or two, those soft looking locks would caress his face
“You were mimicking me…?” She said, not asked, the question in her tone betraying that she couldn’t read his motive for doing such a thing
“Yeah” he braced his hands on the hard floor and she leaned back as he sat up, rolling his shoulders back and wincing at the pops that followed the movement
Obviously the hard flooring wasn’t the best place for a nap, especially not with his shoulder
She continued looking at him, staring, like she could will the answer to her unasked question by her gaze alone
“Just brushing up an bit on my own ‘mind palace’, obviously not as good as yours”
“But of course,” her response was automatic as expected, before her lips twitched up at the corners “though there is a room similar to the one in which we are, modeled of 221b”
He didn’t bother asking how she knew that that was the only place he could imagine
“What do you store in there?”
“Information on you” she replied casually, moving to lie back down on the sofa and closing her eyes again like it was totally normal to tell your flatmate you had an entire flat in your mind dedicated to information you’ve collected on them
And he found himself wondering exactly how much was in that duplicate Baker St, and what exactly about him did Sherlock find worth remembering?



Chapter End Notes
Chapter two has been updated to include a drawing of Sherlock in John's pants and a vest top, if anyone wanted to see itIt's anime styled (literally the only thing I can draw) and it is my own work, so please don't take itMore like it (mostly of different shows) can be found on my DeviantArt, in which I go by the same name


'Mrs. Watson'
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




John opened his eyes and was met with vague early morning light, somewhat darkened and musky by the sharp draw of curtains and air thick with dust.
Dazed, disoriented, and confused, he rolled his tongue in his mouth, the plaque build up and sticky feel suggested dehydration, and he didn’t recall going to bed at all last night. The phantom pain of his injured shoulder told him something hadn’t gone right during his case with Sherlock, and at the thought of her he shot up in the bed he was laying on, instantly regretting the movement when pain bloomed across his chest, arms, and stomach
The steady beeping monitor of the machine next to him helped him maintain his calm, and taking a deep breath, he took in his surroundings
It was obvious he was in a hospital, bandaged torso and stitched up arms reminded him he had been in a knife fight not long ago; the last thing he could remember was Sherlock pressing her expensive coat against the gaping wounds in an attempt to stop the bleeding until the ambulance came
She hadn’t caught the kidnapper because of it
Groaning softly, he shifted again; only to stop cold as soft head of curls caught the corner of his eye
Completely escaping his notice (Sherlock would be so disappointed in him) was Ms. Holmes herself, arms crossed on the bed and head resting on them like a schoolgirl falling asleep on her desk, her shirt was still stained with blood, as was the hand that was closest to his, the area suggested she had at some point been holding his hand before falling asleep, knowing her it’d been out of making sure his pulse was steady rather than rely on a machine, her form of showing concern, not much support to be offered to an unconscious person anyway, she’d never hold onto him without a logical reason
How long has she been here?
“Sherlock…” He called softly, but she didn’t stir, out cold and catching up on years of neglected sleep, the job and stress exhausting her beyond even her self-control could handleHe took the rare opportunity to watch her, the subtle movements of her eyelids as she dreamed, the rise and fall of her back with every deep and even breath, her slightly parted lips looking surprisingly pink against the pale sheets of his hospital bed. 
“Excuse me, sir” a soft knock followed by a quick entrance caused John to dart his attention away from his sleeping flatmate, looking up towards the door and bringing one finger to his lips
The young woman, a nurse, widened her eyes in surprise before nodding in understanding
Quietly, she moved towards his side, and John stuck out his arm so she could test his vitals
“Your wife is very devoted, Dr. Watson, she hasn’t left your side all night” her tone was hushed as she checked the pulse of his wrist
“She’s no-” he quickly cut off his sentence, realizing whatever lie Sherlock had to tell in order to be allowed to stay was just fine, because if she set her mind to being by his side during recovery, he was happy “Y…yes, she really is…” John gave a smile that he knew came out shy, his free hand inching closer to Sherlock’s, brushing the edge of his pinkie to her thumb, and surprised to feel her cling to him immediately like an infant’s reflex; strong and steady though showing no signs of waking
The nurse smiled, filling out the information she gathered on his chart
“There aren’t any signs of infection, and the wounds are shallow, you should be free to leave by this afternoon” She spoke cheerfully, tucking loose red hair behind her ear “I’m sure you already know all the proper ways to treat your wounds but I’m afraid I have to explain anyways”
“It’s fine” John grinned “I’ve got all day, after all”
She giggled in reply, and nodded, launching into her explanations 
Once she left, he was a bit upset with Sherlock for claiming to be his wife, if she hadn’t, he could have asked for Amy’s (the nurse) number without seeming like he intended to make her a mistress
Letting out a sigh, he closed his eyes, and slipped right back into sleep
-
He woke again a few hours later to the feeling of eyes on him, so intense his body covered with gooseflesh
“Sherlock…?” He asked, cracking open one eye and blinking at the new level of brightness in the room
“Oh, good, finally. I was contemplating waking you, but the nurse informed me repeatedly it was ill advised”
“Injures like this require a lot of rest” John replied, moving slowly to sit up and giving her a grin which she returned with a smirk of her own “Mrs. Watson, then?”
“Hmm, even in a hypothetical situation where we were to wed, I highly doubt I’d so easily agree to changing my name. Holmes is a trademark”
John snorted, “Usually children get their father’s last names anyways, so seems like Mycroft will be the only one to pass it down”
Sherlock wrinkled her nose at that
“I doubt either I nor my brother will ever be having children, so speculation seems irrelevant” 
“Where will England be without another Holmes?” John joked, causing her to laugh
“Dr. Watson? You’re ready to be discharged, please sign out at the front desk” Amy came in, giving a bright smile
“Come, then, John, Lestrade should have been able to catch the culprit after the incident, but we should had back to the morgue to reevaluate some of his earlier victims for more links tying them to him”
“I thought you already knew he killed them when their families couldn’t pay ransom?”
“Of course I know, but I can’t prove it just yet, I don’t want to leave this in the hands of Scotland Yard, too likely to be screwed up, and we cannot allow this man to walk free”
“Alright” John replied, slowly rising from the bed and giving Amy, who looked at the two of them with a baffled expression, a final goodbye before making his way out of the hospital



Chapter End Notes
Okay so to address a review I got earlier just wanted to say Sherlock's height is NOT unrealistic
Let it be known the writer of this story is just as tall as Benedict Cumberbatch, and yes, I AM a girl, thank you very much. 183cm, exactly 6ft tall. 
So no, Sherlock will remain as is, the height difference is adorable regardless of the sex of either party, you gotta admit it, besides, John doesn't seem like the type to be put off by a girls height, afterall, only really insecure guys don't like women taller than them, John is hardly insecure about his masculinity right?


Moriarty
Chapter by FallingForKonoha



Dear, sweetheart, darling, love. The various different names he’d given Sherlock, never addressing her as her real name, but whether it was to point out their obvious gender differences, or some sick form of flirting only psychopaths were capable of, John didn’t know. Only that every time the words left Jim’s lips, the anger in the pit of his stomach grew, and the only thing on his mind was shoving his fist down the creep’s throat
John was a soldier, a doctor, a healer and protector, and there was no way on earth he'd ever let that man touch Sherlock. He swore he’d guard her with his life, watch over her in every way possible, and if that meant pulling her back when she wondered a bit too close, locking her away when she wanted nothing more than to play the man’s sick games, if it meant making her regret and hate the day she met John, then so be it
As long as she stayed safe, a moth unconsumed by the lure of fire
 
But for what good was his decision? Because all he could do was wait. He just stood there, with explosives strapped to his chest, with his heart sinking into his stomach while the two bantered, compliments actually being said back and forth, admiring each other’s work, intelligence, the way their minds seemed too similar.
Yet what could he say, what could he possibly do? The red dots from snipers bounced and played across the expands of his body, threatening death with every slight movement, telling him to keep quiet, to let the geniuses talk
He had no place in their world, he realized. And Jim was much closer to Sherlock than he would like to admit, able to understand her in the most twisted, and darkest of ways
The second the mad man left, she got to work, dropping down on her knees in front of him. As her fingers fumbled with the bomb jacket strapped tight around his chest, as her hands shook, he looked down at her. Never thought for once she was capable of the expression she wore, the tension that radiated off her, the desperation of each movement. Sherlock Holmes, the Sherlock Holmes, was rattled down to her bones
“Alright? Are you alright?” she asked, yanking the explosives from his body and sliding it across the tiled floor
“Yeah…yeah I’m fine…Sherlock…Sherlock!” he called, attempting to calm her down, but the second she left his sight his leg buckled and nearly gave out from under him
And he leaned back against he wall in hopes of calming his racing heart and evening his breathing
“I’m glad no one saw that” he said quietly, his eyes focused on some unnamed point across the pools reflection. 
“Hmm?”
“You ripping my clothes off in a darkened swimming pool, people might talk” he joked, an attempt to easy her obvious nerves
“People do little else” she replied, and a crazed smile, like many of the ones they shared during inappropriate times, split across her face, and they both burst out in maddening giggles that had no place in the situation they were in
Little thing as it was, it worked to reassure her, him, them both, that they were fine, they would be just fine



Not A Date
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“Did Halloween come early this year?” Anderson smirked, his eyes roaming up and down Sherlock’s figure, taking in the sudden change in her usual attire
“Your dilated pupils and increase respiratory rate are marks of arousal. You really should be more honest of your attraction to me, however disgusting and unwanted it may be” Sherlock rolled her eyes, turning towards Lestrade before the forensic analysis could reply
“The wire, tedious as it was to hide under this” she waved down at herself “Is fully functioning and in place. John has already arranged reservations and selected the seat closest to the subject without arousing suspicion. I will be joining him shortly.”
“Is it really fair to be wasting our time with this? It’s obviously just a cover-up for your date”
“I assume Donovan is already in position as well?” Sherlock continued, completely ignoring Anderson
Lestrade nodded and she was off, becoming more annoyed with her outfit with every clack of her heels
 
 
The restaurant in question was bright, full and surprisingly quiet for such a crowded business. The air was full of class and judgment found in those with well-lined wallets. High-class silverware lined expensive tableclothes, and a scan of the place revealed their intended target and John.
He was holding up a hand to a passing waiter to tell the man he wasn’t quite yet ready to order, his usual jumper and cardigan combo switched out for a nice suit and tie, and clearly not used to wearing such attire, his fingers danced along the edge of the tie a few times, loosening it and tightening over and over until the once straight triangle looked as though it was tied by a toddler
Finally, he looked up. And when he saw her, he was visibly stunned; it took him a few seconds to process her image
For almost a minute, he didn’t move, just stared at her, shocked, blinking a few times, unable to fully believe his eyes.
Of course he’d always been aware of her beauty, but, it seemed, this night, Sherlock was taking full advantage of her looks, bringing out each of her best features and emboldening them to the point it seemed unfair to every other woman on the planet that she even existed, having that appearance while never putting any effort in before, and the good doctor wondered how they were going to get through this ‘date’
It wasn’t as if this was something he wasn’t used to, of course, it happened before. More often than not did he and Sherlock pose as a couple to more easily blend into a crowd.
People never spared them a second glance when her head was rested on his shoulder or his arm wrapped possessively around her slim waist. No one would ever think them to be one of the most dangerous duos in all of England; a genius detective and her solider/doctor guardian.
But, it was never like this. Normally she was dressed as usual, trench coat over a flattering suit, but John couldn’t ignore the figure hugging dress she was currently in. Its pitch-black color matching well with the smooth expands of her pale body, making her look ghostly white, flawless, untouchable, a statue carved of marble; an angel among humans. The thin strapped, sweetheart neck line dipped low, drawing eyes there as intended, and whatever she was wearing underneath held her chest up in the most flattering of ways, a teasing show of skin John unconsciously licked his lip to. The silky fabric continued downwards to her mid thigh, short, which was both flattering, as well as practical, John noticed, in case this ended with a chase. Even as ridiculously tall as she was, she didn’t hold back on shoes, strapped silver heels reaching around 3 inches high, and when he stood to greet her, he had to tilt his head up just to meet her eyes
“Anything yet?” she asked, red lips formed the words, and John almost didn’t hear her watching them
“Nothing…” He whispered in return, pulling out her chair so she could sit
He cleared his throat as he returned to his seat, slightly loosing his tie yet again and looking off to the side “You…you look nice…”
“Anderson seemed to think so…” She smirked, and John snorted in response
“Hit on you, then?”
“May as well have.” 
John shook his head, a smile on his lips
“This…suits you, you know.”
“Clothing like his is hardly practical, John. I would never wear it were it not for the circumstances”
“Easier to move in suits, yeah…” He looked away, suddenly not able to look at her
 
 
The rest of the night passed with a blur, and sometime later, they were both back at the flat, Sherlock pulling her hair up and out of her face, running John’s pocket-handkerchief over her mouth and staining it with blood red lipstick
One heel had broken during the commotion, and she had tossed both it and it’s pair into the streets and left them there, leaving John to carry her into the cab to avoid having her step on anything dangerous
She hadn’t bothered to thank him
“Lestrade has to stop calling us in for child’s play” she complained, flinging the cloth back at him and dramatically dropping onto the sofa, one foot held up in the air “my feet won’t recover from this”
“You’re the one who decided to bin your shoes”
“As if they have any worth broken” she sighed, pressing her soles into the armrest, the skirt of her dress pushing up dangerously and revealing the boxer shorts she wore underneath (really, he HAD to start locking his pants drawer) “besides, they were the main cause of my discomfort. There is no logic in wearing shoes you can’t do daily activities in without breaking out into blisters”
“Calm down” John sighed, pulling the coffee table a bit closer to sit on the edge, taking Sherlock’s right slender foot into his hand
“What are you doing?” she asked, raising one brow but making no effort to stop him
“Deduce” he rolled his eyes, running the pad of his thumb gently over her sole, feeling slight inflammation under his delicate touch 
“You’re giving me a massage”
“It will help keep the liquid from pooling under your skin, and stop the swelling” he said calmly, his fingers working soft circles from her heels up “You’re lucky the blisters aren’t actually on the soles of your feet, but I can clean and wrap them when I’m done”
“Hmm, and what would you recommend for a speedy recovery, Doctor?” she asked, sitting up a bit more and resting her chin to her palm
“Stay off your feet for a bit”
“Obviously” she rolled her eyes
John switched feet, giving a slight shake of his head 
“So, you never do that, then. Wear heels, I mean,” he asked casually, ignoring the quiet moan she let out when he put pressure on the arch
“Of course not, it’s ridiculous, as if I have any need to appear taller as is” she responded with a shake of her head “I’m 6 feet tall, John, hardly in need of an extra three inches”
He snorted, and she turned towards him, a smirk on her lips
“Perhaps they should make heels for men” she suggested, her eyes moving up and down his figure
“Oh, sod off” he replied, and they both giggled



Chapter End Notes
Visual aid! Sherlock's dress(and also her body type, kinda):I got really excited when I found this gorgeous dress (and model because damn)


Irene
Chapter by FallingForKonoha



It was Irene Adler who had John questioning Sherlock’s claim of asexuality
The way the two women interacted, he sometimes wondered if he should look away from the sparks in their gazes and the obvious tension so thick he could cut it
It felt…smothering to be the same room as the two, like he was looking in on an intimate moment he had no business watching
He began to wonder introducing Sherlock to Harry, the only lesbian he knew, would be a good idea.Maybe not
Even Sherlock, insensitive, rude, and egotistical as she was, didn’t deserve his alcoholic little sister as a partner
 
“She was wrong, you know.” Sherlock answered his unasked question as she strolled into the flat, hanging her coat and stripping off the jacket underneath, leaving her in her silk button up shirt that probably cost more than John’s entire outfit combined
He didn’t say anything, simply folded his paper and gave her the look that said ‘explain’
“Irene Adler. It’s been weighing on your mind for quite some time, but you never asked in fear of crossing some nonexistent line” she said, before raising an eyebrow “Or perhaps you’re hesitant because I’m a woman”
“Sorry?”
“My sexual history, you’re curious” she replied, impatient, as always
It was one thing to think about it, but hearing Sherlock say it so casually, and quite loudly, caused a blush to creep up his neck and cover his face
He coughed into his hand in an attempt to hide it
It wasn’t that he was curious about her sex life, or that he felt he had the right to know, but the idea of Sherlock not having been with anyone, tall, beautiful, genius Sherlock, it didn’t seem plausible, but she hadn’t denied the nickname Mortiary gave her, leaving John to believe that maybe he was right
When he didn’t reply, Sherlock sat herself on her chair, one suit clad leg crossed over the other
“Well? I’m giving you free range to ask what you want, and do make it quick.” 
“Err…this isn’t something people usually discuss”
“We’re hardly usual” Sherlock countered, pulling her hair into a messy and sloppy ponytail so the curls didn’t fall into her face as much, allowing her full attention to be laser pointed onto John’s slightly pink face “besides, it’s not as if I don’t already know most of your history.”
“What do you mean, my history?”
“You’re heterosexual, but once your sister came out you became curious, along with being at war with almost strictly men, you experimented only to not find it to your liking. You prefer to be in a relationship before engaging others in intercourse but you’re no stranger to one-night stands. Your experience with pregnancy scares, along with being a doctor, makes you a fan of condoms, and as a result you have no current STD’s and plan to keep it that way, I assume?” she spoke with her usual rush “Should I continue or would you like to ask your questions now?”
John opened and closed his mouth a few times before shaking his head, muttering ‘brat’ under his breath
“So…you’re not one then…a virgin, I mean”
“Well, of course not. Do you honestly believe someone with my draw towards knowledge would allow myself to go without understanding the fundamentals of human desire?”
“And…you didn’t like it?”
“Hardly”
“Why?”
She breathed out an annoyed sighed
“I don’t see the point, nor the lure. I repeated the experiment with several different types of men, as well as women, the result was the same. It’s not something I find necessary, all the rutting and rather barbaric feel of it” she waved her hand through the air, as if dismissing memories of her past experiences “it drives on sentiment and is the primary reason most people commit murder.”
He couldn’t argue with that, that lust and jealousy could drive people to do insane things, but at its core, he couldn’t see sex as anything but beautiful, if done the right way
“It’s different, when it’s with someone you love” he said after a short pause
“Nonsense, there is no such thing. Only obsession and the need to control those closest to you”
John shut his mouth, letting out a deep breath and letting that comment go. Of course Sherlock didn’t believe in love, not with how dysfunctional her home life seemed to be, and the closest resemblance to family affection is Mycroft bugging the flat and worming into her life every way he could manage, love seemed like a far off concept
“It’s different, Sherlock” He replied, standing up and heading to his room “It’s just different…”
She watched him go, confused by the sudden air of distance between them



The Violin
Chapter by FallingForKonoha



She had mentioned it in passing when introducing herself; but for the first two months he hadn’t actually seen her so much as pick up the instrument, allowing him to completely forget she mentioned it, the flat remaining relatively quiet those days
 
After waking him one random night from a rather nasty nightmare a few months into their friendship with the sound of rather sorrowful music at 2am, it became a bit more of a regular occurrence. Gradually, as if she was easing him into it, or perhaps herself, and it wasn’t until a few weeks after that did she continue the play upon him entering the room, no longer stopping to put it away, and slowly he won the rights to concerts in the sitting room, a cuppa in his hand and no longer bothering with a book he pretended to read, he’d just watched, as she moved to the rhythm, her body swaying like rivers at times or tensely straight with violent thrusts of her bow as sweat built on her brow. Just like the work, it seemed, whenever she played, she gave it her all, and it was break-taking to watch
 
He loved the music, as long as it wasn’t waking him up on nights where he was having a decent dream, of course, and he enjoyed whenever she played at regular hoursHe wondered vaguely what her initial hesitance stemmed from, and the idea of some form of self-consciousness came to mind, though coming from Sherlock it didn’t seem probable.
 
“Who taught you?” He asked one day as she swayed in front of the window, the sleek instrument held gingerly in her hand, her chin propped on the rest. The melody of the day was something peaceful, lazy almost, like film music played during happy moments, not overpowering but something enjoyed nonetheless, touching the room with a feel of ease
She froze in an instant, though; her body growing ridged and she lowered the violin, turning to face him, her face a controlled blank
“Why?” she asked, her tone suspicious
He backtracked, blinking a bit at the sudden shift of her mood, from content to wary in a heartbeat
“Curious” he responded with a shrug, taking a sip from his long cold tea
“Mycroft assigned a tutor to me as a child” she started after a rather long pause, as if debating whether or not to tell him, and he shifted a bit forward in his seat. It was rare of her to discuss her past at all, and he’d be damned if he would miss a single word she uttered. “He had said a proper lady needed fine skills in at least one classical instrument”
John snorted at that, to which Sherlock smirked, the tension in her shoulders dropping a fraction “My thoughts exactly. Though I back then, as embarrassing as it is to admit, admired my brother, and agreed to start in order to please him. As it turned out I had a natural talent, and soon surpassed his level”
“Mycroft plays?” 
“He did. Though switched to the piano out of humiliation, more fitting for him anyways, seeing as it’s more common for the musician to remain seated during the entire performance”
John snickered, covering his mouth with the back of his hand
The room grew quiet, and she paused for a second, before lifting the instrument again, tucking it under her chin and closing her eyes
There was something more intimate now, though, the way she held the violin, fingers dancing across its neck like a lover, bow caressing its stringsIt was as if Sherlock, as amazing and beautiful as she was to see before, had let go of a mask he hadn’t realized was there in the first place, and she was letting him see her just a little bit better
Watching her play, with emotions playing across her face, the obvious language of her body, he smiled, because she was exposing herself, pealing back layers to give him a peek, something so rare and he knew he was one of the only, if not only, person Sherlock would be so open to
He felt just a little bit closer to the detective after that



Liar
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes
I'm sorry for not updating, I recently had a baby and also I got married and also I got hit by a car (did I mention that before?) so like my life is hectic, but I'm gonna start writing again because my baby is 9 months now, I have more free time since she rather watch Kpop videos than hangout with her momma (my baby is half Korean so it's just her being exposed to one of the 3 languages she's gonna end up speaking since she's also half mexican and also living in america she's got Korean, English, and Spanish lined up for her)So lets get this chapter out of the way, and I'll tell y'all something else at the end of the chapter



Sherlock Holmes was a bloody good liar, something that always shocked John whenever he saw it, and he always was left wondering how many of the things they’ve spoken of were simply bent truths, or just flat out fibsShe was graceful, rarely ever caught with her foot in her mouth, and even if she was, she’d talk her way around it like it was entirely normalWhen Molly had brought Jim Moriarty over, introducing him as her boyfriend with obvious eyes roaming over Sherlock to look for some sort of reaction, the detective didn’t moveInstead Sherlock had merely glanced the man’s way after he had stumbled over something while leaning just a little too close to her for John’s comfortAnd the detective turned her eyes back to microscope after a second and mumbled, almost under her breath but loud enough to hear ‘cheater’Of course, after the slip of the tongue, she quickly recovered with “Hey there” and it was so smooth John wondered if he heard her correctly the first timeOf course Molly’s outburst after Jim had left was proof that he hadn’t, and Sherlock, being Sherlock, cruelly deduced why the man was unfaithful, ending with having been left his number, which Molly turned bright pink to and actually stormed out of the morgue And there were other cases, like whenever she acted, pretending to have been a robbery victim for Irene, she slipped into the role so flawlessly John’s fingers twitched to hurt the imagery men that harmed herOf course he was the one responsible for her disheveled appearance, Sherlock having pulled him into a nearby alley, telling him to hit her, something he would never do in a million years, so she repeated pushed, slapped, and actually punched him until he grabbed a hold of her to stop the attack, restraining her in the gentlest way possible as she thrashed about, leading to a rip in her too expensive of a shirt, the seaming pulled free in two places, buttons popping onto the floor, her hair more wild and disarrayed like she’d been through something serious, and he felt horrible even though he hadn’t done anything wrong There were many different Sherlock’s she’d play, Victim Sherlock, Timid Sherlock, Angry Sherlock, Ditzy Sherlock, Bitchy Sherlock, Carefree Sherlock, Serious Sherlock, Flirtatious Sherlock, Drunk Sherlock, Crazed Sherlock, Cheating Sherlock, Devoted Wife Sherlock, and Sweet and Innocent Sherlock. He was inclined to prefer the latter two, for obvious reasons, she played the roll so well, slipping it on like a second skin he could almost believe she wasn’t the mad genius she wasBut he wouldn’t trade the original for any of the faked copies. His favorite Sherlock was the ‘Crazed Genius Brat Detective Chasing Down Criminals at Midnight and Blowing Up Half the Flat by 2am as She Stayed Up For A Week Straight and Had To Be Forced Fed Tiny Amounts of Toast with Jam to Keep Her Alive Because She Couldn’t Manage That Herself Even Though She was Just So Bloody Brilliant’ SherlockAnd he wouldn’t have her any other way 



Unwanted Reactions
Chapter by FallingForKonoha



The first time it happened, he was mortified This case, like so many others, led them into a sticky situation where both their lives were at stake. Nothing new, nothing he couldn’t handleBut when he and his flatmate were forced into a new twist, he was less than pleasedThey stood; face-to-face, cramped into the tight confides of the dusty old wardrobe, hiding out from god knows what as Sherlock’s slender fingers covered his lips, effectively silencing his question before it was askedTall as she was, she leaned over him, and their breath mingled together, causing the humidity in the air to rise as quickly as his heart rate, their noses brushing while she stared from out the crack between the doors, intensely focusing on the roomA tall man, measuring around 6’4” entered, his eyes darting across the area like he was aware of their presence, that something was off, before cautiously sitting on the bed in the center, the springs creaking in protest of his weight as he chubby fingers stabbed at the mobile in his other handSherlock’s arm snaked around John’s waist, grabbing at the gun hidden beneath his jumper to retrieve it since his arms were currently pressed against her slender hips, holding her in place so she didn’t slip outWords were being screamed out by the suspect, important no doubt, but for the life of him John couldn’t bring himself to pay attention, only focused on the immediate danger at hand, and Sherlock’s body pressed to his chestRush of adrenaline and testosterone didn’t mix too well, and he saw Sherlock’s eyes widen in surprise as a look of pure horror etched his own features
She blinked a few times, shifting their stances so the obvious bulge of John’s tented trousers wasn’t pressed against her thigh so prominentlyThe rest of the night was a blur, and soon, before he realized it, they were in the cab ride home. He cleared his throat, and she didn’t mention it at all After that incident, it seemed to become almost a regular occurrence, happening practically any time she was pressed against him, she left the shower, arrived at Buckingham palace wrapped in only a sheet that her damned brother stepped on and gave John that most wonderful and totally inappropriate view of her backside, or any other time he caught a glimpse of too much skin, as if his body could no longer determine the difference between Sherlock and any other woman. She wasn’t some average girl someone could just pick up off the street and invite to dinner; she was Sherlock, untouchable, unmovable, a force of nature Sherlock Holmes.She never brought it up, or pointed it out; even when it was so obvious even someone without her skills of deduction could figure out it wasn’t his gun he was sporting in his trousers, and for that, he was grateful.Still, this was a serious problem. One that reminded him that his love life was in the toilet and he hadn’t gotten off in…well, he didn’t even remember the last time he had a successful girlfriend, not when Sherlock demanded his attention and he’d rather run around London than spend an evening having dinnerHe just needed a reminder, a slap in the face to say that no matter how beautiful, how within arms reach she was, she was still thousands of miles away, in a different world all together, the self proclaimed sociopath seemed more like a lion among domestic cats than any normal human in the basic populationDozens of cold showers and bleeding lips later, he still found himself digging his blunt fingers into his good leg to distract himself whenever she decided clothing wasn’t necessary or that personal space, even two different genders, didn’t apply to herShe was going to be the death of him



Denial
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes
Beware that the chapters start to get kinda short as the story progresses but there will be a lot more before the story endsI also changed the tags on the fic in case y'all wanna stop reading it or not

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




If you asked him outright why he was always so quick to correct any assumptions, John would have responded with the typical ‘because none of it is true’
But he never actually had time to stop and think: why? Why was it so important to constantly make it known ‘we’re not a couple’ ‘I’m not her date’ ‘she’s not my girlfriend’?
 
Sherlock Holmes was a gorgeous woman, and in all honesty, John always felt a small swell of pride whenever people asked him how long they’d been together, but always, he quickly squashed the feeling, because, it wasn’t his to have, right? He couldn’t be happy that people thought someone like Sherlock would go for someone like him, because it hardly seemed fair to her
A compliment to him, an insult to her
 
So from the very first time they worked a case, telling Ms. Hudson that of course they’d be needing two bedrooms, tried to make it as clear to Anglo as possible that a candle was not necessary, and stood a respectful distance away whenever they traveled because it was obvious by the Yarders reaction that Sherlock never brought anyone in tow behind her so him following her meant more than mere acquaintances as they were at the time
Strangely enough, though, Sherlock never said anything. She would continue on, not correcting a single assumption made about the two of them, and he wondered if she truly couldn’t care what people thought, or if she couldn’t be bothered to correct the rumors because she knew John would get to it
 
‘We’re not a couple’
‘Yes you are’
 
The first challenge he received, and he didn’t know how to handle it, so he stumbled over his words for a bit, opening and closing his mouth a few times before finally settling on telling Irene what mattered most, that she needed to let Sherlock know
And that was the end of that
 
Sometimes he wished that Sherlock would actually express interest in men, women, anyone (other than fugitives of the British government or madmen with bombs) so that she could finally find someone, as irrational as that was, then he could easy and squash the little glimmer of unlabeled emotions that bubbled up whenever someone would mention what a cute couple they were
 
He could only handle so much, after all



Chapter End Notes
I have a TKR coming up so for the most part I may start updating sooner than later, again I finished this story ages ago but I do need to go back and make slight edits since I wrote this fic 3 years ago and my style has changed a bit


So Much For That
Chapter by FallingForKonoha



She bit her bottom lip, pinching the full red flesh between two perfectly white rows of teeth, and John’s eyes immediately dropped to them as planned“Being a doctor, you must help a lot of people,” She said, in her Irish drawl, twirling a strand of curly black hair in one pale finger“It’s rewarding” He smiled, leaning forward so his jumper clad elbows rested on the table between themAn hour in, and no disturbances, John wondered if tonight would be the night he finally managed to take someone homeWith no constant texts from Sherlock, the night seemed to be headed in that direction, and having already explained the living situation, a little fib of Sherlock being a cousin thrown in, he saw no reason why tonight wouldn’t be the end to his too long dry spellThe woman, April, played a little with what remained of her salad, her candy apple eyes dancing along the plate before coming to meet John’s“Maybe we could go back to your place…for a cup of coffee?” She asked, with a fake air of hesitance, as if trying to say she didn’t do this oftenJohn’s response was a flirtatious smile and calling the waiter down for the check When they climbed the steps to Baker street, the lights inside were switched off, and John allowed himself a little sliver of hope that maybe Sherlock was out of the evening, that she’d taken the hint that his date may work out better than expected and given him some time alone in their flatThat hope was quickly squashed, however, when he opened the door, and there she lay, across the sofa she was so fond of, one long leg crossed over the other, sporting a powdered blue tank top and pajama bottoms that were clearly made from women closer to 5’5” and not 6 ft. Her dressing gown sprawled out on the floor by her feet; fingertips pressed together under her chin.“Um…Sherlock…?” John called softly, testing if his flatmate could even hear him, or was too deep in her ‘mind palace’ to“Oh, is this your cousin?” April askedSherlock’s eyebrow went up, but she didn’t say anything, and for that, John breathed out a sigh of thanks“Er…yeah…” He said shyly, a guilt building in his stomach that had no business there“Nice to meet you, Sherlock, I’m April” his date cheerfully introduced herself, and Sherlock merely cracked an eye open, flickering it over the woman’s figure before closing it again and muttering “Married”“Sorry?” They asked in union“Come now, John, surely even you noticed the tan line on her finger”“She’s separated…” John offered with a furrow of his brows, turning back towards April with a questioning look“Too fresh. If she had been separated long, the recent sunny weather over the past two months would have faded the lining, the obvious mark and indents suggest the ring was removed today, this night to be precise, I assume just before your date. If you look over the right side of her neck, you’ll notice the skin there is of a slightly different color, makeup, to hide the love bites left by her husband, or perhaps one of the three other men she’s choosing to sleep with. Knowing your morals, I assume you wouldn’t have brought her here with intentions to engage in intercourse had you known.” The silence that hung through the air was deafening, but Sherlock didn’t seem to notice, just fell quiet and waited for the information to process
“Is that true…?” John asked hesitantly“W-what? Y-you can’t honestly believe I’m a cheater?!” April stuttered out, and a smirk broke across the detective’s face“Your word against my own, I wonder whom John will believe” she chimed in, sounding much more smug than necessary The conversation that followed was filled with loud curses and fake tears on April’s half, and quiet muttered apologies and gentle nudges towards the door on John’s
When it was all over, John closed the door to their flat, sighing and leaning against it“Well that was tedious” Sherlock muttered, “Her presence was distracting”John opened his mouth to respond, but decided better of it, simply retrieved his laptop from the kitchen table and retreated up the stairs towards his room Sherlock remained lying; and tried not to think about how the women were looking more and more like her



Molly
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“John, text me the test results as soon as they appear” Sherlock said, before turning on her heels and heading towards the door without another word“Wait, where are you going? Sherlock? Sherlock!” John called after her, turning to see her rescinding figure as those seemingly endless legs carried her quickly through the hall, she kept going, ignoring him in favor of whatever was going on in that head of hersMolly, quiet the entire visit as she often was whenever she saw Sherlock in the mitts of a difficult case, watched after her, her clipboard clutched tightly to her chest and her eyes longingly locked on the closing doors“She’s amazing” Molly said, her voice a bit dreamy“Yeah, she is” She startled, like she hadn’t realized she had spoken out loud, her face flushing with embarrassment as she dropped her clipboard“O-Oh! Jeez, I’m sorry” She said, bending to pick it up with red cheeks and nervous handsJohn beat her to it, handing it back with the soft smile he used whenever dealing with a jumpy patientShe took it back and her eyes darted off to the side, before resting on the doors again“Do you know where she’s headed, by any chance?” He asked after a few minutes of awkward silence, rotating between watching the screen of the computer as it scanned whatever sample Sherlock was testing, and Molly adjusting her hair, or doodling in the corner of her report“She doesn’t tell me things” Molly replied with a sad smile“Oh. Right.” John said back, “H-how” He cleared his throat “How long have you known her? Sherlock, I mean”“A while now; friends with Mike and everything. She always took interest in the Morgue, dead patients tell better stories, she said”“Sounds like her” John chuckled“Don’t think she notices me much, though. Just the girl who sneaks her in” Molly said, her tone light and accepting, before flushing again “Oh, sorry! That sounds really…”“No, I get it.” John interrupted, holding up a hand with a friendly smile “Sherlock doesn’t really acknowledge anyone, just the way she is”“She does you…” Molly paused, worrying her bottom lip between her teeth as if debating whether or not to continue. “…And that woman, the one with the smashed up face?” she finished after a pause“Irene?” John asked with a raised brow“Was that her name?” she held her clipboard to herself again, though more like a shield, like the topic wasn’t a comfortable one for her, but she still wanted to know. “Sherlock just called her ‘the Woman’. Bit important, she was…? Was she her girlfriend?”John opened his mouth, before closing it again; pursing his lips in thought “I’m…not really sure, actually. Maybe” “She didn’t seem like the type” Molly said absentmindedly, before blushing “O-Oh! No! I didn’t mean a lesbian, not that there’s nothing wrong with that, and you can’t really tell, now can you? Since people can be… I-I meant, just, about relationships, I didn’t think she was interested in that kind of thing” she stumbled over her words, though John didn’t draw attention to it “Married to her work,” he said simply“Sorry?“Married to her work.” He repeated,  “Sherlock said that when we first met, still seems like the case”“Well” Molly sighed, tucking a loose strand behind her ear, her eyes moving back to the now long closed doors of the morgue with a pining kind of awe, as if she could still see Sherlock, “Her work is very lucky”He looked at her, but didn’t say anything, cut off by the sound of the computer beeping its result, and he turned to that instead of the truth in her words, and the meaning they held for Molly



Chapter End Notes
I have a daughter, that's my only excuse for not updating more often, especially considering I finished this story like two years ago and just don't update? Idk, I forget tbh, I only remembered cause someone commented recentlyI also have gotten REALLY into Elementary (The american one with Lucy Lui) so I kinda forgot about the BBC version since it doesn't have that many episodesAnyways, yall can catch me on Tumblr StonerBrujx to remind me, I'll just uploading a chapter maybe again in one or two days to space them out, or comment so I'm also reminded, I love reading y'all's thoughts


A 'Date'
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes
This chapter is longer so hope y'all can forgive me about my fickleness



“Okay, so let me get this straight”Vague hum of agreement“You want me, your flatmate”Nod“To go to your family dinner”“Mhm”“As your date?”“Yes, John, how many times do I have to repeat myself?”“Just…why?”“I’ve already told you why! My family is insufferable when it comes to my relationship status, as if the lack of husband at my age is the worst possible thing to bestow on the Holmes’ family”“So, you thought ‘why not ask my flatmate?’”“Who else was there to ask, Gary?”“Greg” John corrected“Lestrade” she responded “And you are the only people I can tolerate spending an evening with, but going with Lestrade is much less desirable considering his adulterous wife”“So you asked me because I’m not married?”“Of course”“Just…No Sherlock”“And why not?” She sighed, the sigh she reserved when John was being especially slow at seeing something“I can’t spend an entire night pretending to be something I’m not”“Would you prefer if I make the title of lovers official by offering intimacy?”“Don’t just pimp yourself out for a favor!”“What else am I to do? You’re the only obvious choice. Just fit into the role of my significant other to my family and be on your way, even Mycroft agreed to play along”“Mycroft, really?”“He’d do anything to make Mummy happy” she replied, leaving out the bit where her brother was entirely convinced the two would end up together anyways John sighed, sinking deeper into his chair and running his hand over his face“Fine”She sat up, like she hadn’t expected him to agree so quickly, the corners of her mouth pulling down slightly “Are you accepting under the conditions in which I presented?”“What? God, no Sherlock, no” he shook his head, his face flushing slightly at his body’s obvious disproval of him turning her offer downShe stared at him for a few seconds, as if trying to understand something, before clearing her throat. “Yes. Um, very well, we’ll depart for my parent’s estate come morning” with that she walked towards her room, and shut the door behind her
______________________“Ah! So it’s true!” An older gentlemen with a bearded face grinned in greeting as Sherlock and John entered, dressed in their usual attire, her arm held his in a practiced manner that made it look all the more natural and genuineThey stepped into the home, and John allowed himself a quick glance around before settling back on the man in front of him, who looked nothing like Sherlock but held some resemblance to Mycroft in his facial features“I was wondering when you were gonna settle, Sheryl!” the man laughed heartedly and pat his full stomach, before spreading his arms wide in invitation“Sherlock” she corrected, making no move to step into the man’s embrace“I’m John” John said, feeling rather awkward as he extending his free right hand toward the man“Charles!” his grip was crushing, much too enthusiastic  “Mike’s been going on and on about you! Turning our Sheryl into a decent woman, aye?”“Sherlock!” She repeated“Who’s Mike?”“Really uncle, must you insist on the use of nicknames no one actually enjoys?” “Still got that tongue on ya, huh? Thought you’d take care of that by now, mate” the man laughed, nudging John with his elbow and the doctor let out an uncomfortable laugh“Sherlock, so kind of you to join us” A familiar voice cut in, and John controlled the look of surprise his face almost made at the slumping of Sherlock’s shoulders, like she was actually relieved to see her brother for once“Wasn’t given much of a choice” she replied, the arm holding John’s tightened slightly, her eyes practically daring Mycroft to say something“A visit once a year is hardly asking much, dear sister” Mycroft replied, his umbrella tapping the floor evenly“Mike’s right! You outta visit more often!”Mycroft let out a deep breath, his eyes closing for a bit longer than a normal blinkBoth the Holmes’ siblings already looked done in for the day___________“Dinner is ready” Mycroft actually knocked before entering the room, something surprising to John, and the older Holmes eyes darted between Sherlock and John as if expecting to see them in a more compromising position than the one they were inSherlock didn’t move from where she had sprawled out across the bed, fingers pressed together under her chin, the sides of the pillow cradling her head, working like makeshift earplugs to drown out the happy mumblings of her family beyond the bedroom doors“Sherlock” John sighed, pushing on one of her socked feet, to which she let out an annoyed sound and pushed back, kicking the palm of his handJohn put down the book he’d been reading, standing up from the foot of the bed and straightening his cardigan and insuring all the buttons were properly in placeSherlock rolled out of bed lazily; as if moving at all required an extreme amount of energy she couldn’t be bothered to sum it up. Slipping off the bed, she slipped her shoes on, making quite a show on how put upon she was by the whole process which both John and Mycroft ignored. “At least now you won’t be pestered by your family, right?” John gave her a weak smile as they followed Mycroft down the hall “That’s got to be worth this whole trip”“-ou see him? He’s so short”“Height isn’t the size that matters, love”“Still, I know she’s desperate but-”Hushed, poorly concealed ‘whispers’ could be heard as they approached the dinning room, and the doctor set his jaw at the comments obviously about him“Well, that’s just bloody perfect” John mumbled under his breath as they approached the doors, and Sherlock seemed unsurprised by the noise flittering through“My cousin’s are hardly the most appropriate people, prone to gossip, they’d rather speak of others lives than their own”“You should’ve picked some bloke closer to your height for this” John gestured vaguely with his hand“Like there are many. Mycroft barely meets the requirement” she replied, and with that they entered“Sherlock!” A woman called from the seemingly endless table “How long did you plan to make us wait?”“You were welcome to begin without me,” she answered, heading towards an area where two seats were free, across another empty as Mycroft moved to occupy it“So….”“So” Sherlock replied, clearly annoyed“Tell us about yourself, John” he recognized the voice from the earlier gossip and his lip twitched at an awkward attempt at a fake smile, seeing as how the woman basically called him a midget not even 2 minutes ago, he opened his mouth to start, the usual ‘I’m a doctor’ piece he handed off to anyone who asked, when Sherlock beat him to it“Caption John Watson, Army Doctor, Medically discharged and currently residing with me in our flat in London. 5 years my senior, been acquainted for 18 months, two weeks, and three days. Really, is this going to be the main topic for small talk social conventions dictate must take place during dinner?”“Sherlock” John warned under his breath“And here I was under the impression bringing John would keep you lot from hounding me on my personal life. ‘When will you settle’, ‘when will you wed’, ‘how much longer do you plan to stay single’” the frustrated detective punctured her words with a fork stabbing at the steak in front of her, glaring down at it like it was the source of all the stupidity in the world before looking back up “If we need a new focus there are plenty here, for example, its obvious by Christina’s-”“Sherlock!” John repeated louder, through clenched teeth “Not good!” and she paused, glancing his way before blinking a few times, as if she hadn’t noticed she was about to start deducing her family’s lives in front of them“My apologies.” She said after a few seconds of awkward silenceHer family didn’t ask a single question after thatThe evening passed in uncomfortable silence____________“You prevented a scene,” Sherlock said as she left the restroom, in her button up silk shirt and bottoms, towel drying her wet hair as the waves gradually became curlier“Sorry?” John asked as he removed one of the extra blankets from the bed, and making his way towards the small love seat by the door“Earlier. I got frustrated. I almost deduced an affair happening between one of my cousin’s and the other’s husband” she turned off the light, leaving the room in total darkness expect for the little rays of moonlight peeking in from behind the thick curtains“Nothing new” John sighed, punching the pillows to try and soften them as he slipped off his slippers and tried to get comfortable on the narrow space the sofa providedSherlock lied down, propping herself on her elbow, her head in her hand “During family dinners, I’m to observe but not give voice. Every one of my family’s supposed ‘secrets’, Mycroft and I know them all, but pretending we don’t is part of playing the role” she sighed, rolling onto her back “It was much worse than I imagined. Had I known, I would have simply come alone again this year.”“What was so different this time? Seems like they always bother you”“It’s one thing for my family to judge me, another matter entirely when it’s directed towards you”He didn’t say anything, and she took his silence as an invitation to continue“To anyone’s eye, you’re ordinary.” She explained, her fingers connecting and doing there usual pose under her chin “You blend into the crowd, average intelligence, moderately attractive, neither tall nor too short, dirty blonde hair and dark blue eyes. People don’t notice you, even I, who could deduce your return to London and how you’d spent your years away, was still taken aback at the depths of your complexity. Even now you still manage to surprise me, something so very few can do.” She sighed again “My family is incapable of thinking beyond what they see” she gestured one hand towards him without turning to face him “Ordinary John Watson. The man Sherlock Holmes ‘settles’ for”He couldn’t argue with that, it was obvious by her family’s reaction they were expecting someone vastly differentSomeone more like Sherlock, no doubt, Tall, brilliant, breathtaking, and instead they met John, average, everyday bloke JohnIt didn’t matter that he was once a solider, was still a doctor, that he’s killed people and spends his evenings chasing down criminals in the depths of London, at first glance he was nothing more than a short man in a knit jumperThe silence carried on, and John thought for sure after a while she was off somewhere else, deep in her mind palace or perhaps even asleep
He was startled at the sound of her voice“This is a king sized mattress”John raised one brow “And?”“Despite your compact size, the sofa isn’t big enough to hold you. Should you sleep there your shoulder will be in pain the entire ride back to London”“You want me to sleep there, with you?”“In all likelihood I will not be sleeping tonight” she said “if you’re that against the idea of us sharing a bed then I’ll take the couch”“No, I didn’t mean it like that. Just, you sure?”“I don’t see why not. With a mattress this size there is at least a foot between us, even when we are both comfortably settled”“Alright” John said, not bothering to complain when his muscles were hissing at the discomfort offered by the small loveseat, and having felt just how damn soft the bed was, he was more than happy to take her up on the offer, rare as it was for Sherlock to be considerate“Thanks” he said, gathering the blanket and approaching the bed, though his eyes adjusted he still steadied his hands on the bed railing to keep from toppling onto the mattress too quicklySherlock moved over, sliding to the end of the bed to give him more room than necessary, resuming her previous position and she was gone, off to where her thoughts would wanderHe sleep well that night



Injury
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Summary
tw for brief mentions of captivity
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“I’ve been injured before”“This was different, Sherlock!”“My, my, have we interrupted a domestic?” Donovan’s lip curled up slightly in a sneer as she arrived on the scene, followed quickly by Lestrade, who wore a mask of disapproval over obvious concern“Not now” John barked, running his hand through his hair what must’ve been the 10th time in the past five minutes, his pacing as short and curt as his response“The jewel thief was subdued, you’ll find him handcuffed to a railing inside” Sherlock tone was calm and cool as always, causing John’s fingers to curl like hooks into his palms, biting into the flesh so hard they shook with tension“Are you hurt?” Lestrade asked, his eyes quickly working over her slim figure, hunched shoulders, and the sporting new gash across her forehead that had been neatly cleaned and bandaged by the paramedic, one who had insisted on going to the hospital, only to leave with a frown, mumbling curses under his breath when Sherlock had refused and openly deduced his entire life to the rest of the ambulance“Nothing serious” “Bollocks!” John yelled, “You could’ve been killed! You’re not supposed to just run off without me!” he ranted on, picking up where he’d left offShe merely rolled her eyes for what felt like the hundredth time that night. “I was in control of the situation at hand. Waiting for reinforcements was not an option, we were out of time”“You call being hogtied and nearly chocked to death in control?!”She adjusted her coat sleeve to less irritate the rope burns on her wrists, frowning and shaking her head “Even if you hadn’t come when you did, I would’ve found a way to escape. He was hardly criminal mastermind, John.”He was so mad he swore he could see red, visibly trembling and just waiting to burst at his seems, unravel all of his self control and blowing up at the consulting detectiveLestrade quickly picked up on that fact, but said nothing. It wasn’t his place to get in between them during a row, just let it take it’s course, where by the end, John would forgive whatever mistake Sherlock made, and she wouldn’t apologize for it and continue on as if nothing had happenedBut this wasn’t their usual fight. This wasn’t about her deducing innocent people, or growing fungus on chunks of skin in the fridge, or flirting with poor Molly to get body parts off of interesting victimsThis was about her not giving him the decency of knowing where she was, this was about her running off ahead of him and leaving him to chase after her figure, this was about how he kicked so many doors open in varies buildings until finally finding her, arms tied tightly behind her back, lip popped and swollen, forehead split, bruises shaped like fingers forming around her neckThis was about how close he’d come to killing the man who dared to touch her with his bare hands, and using all his self-control not to keep punching him after he went downThis was about how he felt completely and utterly useless when she wasn’t within arms reach. This was about how right then, in that very moment, he’d never felt further from her.And Sherlock would never understand that“This case is solved.” She rolled her shoulders back, as if checking the range of motion she still held, before standing up, straight, using her height to her advantage to seem healthy and confident, even as pain bloomed over her ribs, stomach, thighs, places his foot had made contact with during the physical fightJohn, as pissed off as he was, still made his way over to follow her, sticking by her side----------------Later that night, when she was shirtless in front of him as he dipped a needle repeatedly into her flesh to close the unattended wounds, she kept her eyes to the floor, unable to look at him, and it was the closest thing to an apology as he was going to get



Chapter End Notes
I'm gonna be writing for NaNoWriMo so I'm actually gonna try to get this fanfic posted entirely before thenI'm probably gonna be posting my story on a different platform, but maybe here as well, if y'all are interested in reading my original workAnyways pls remember to comment your thoughts on how this story is going thus far


Wrestling
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes
According to my Word doc, we are exactly halfway thru the story! Let's go

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




John padded down the stairs, face sleep ridden and clothes rumbledHe absently rubbed his stomach as he approached the kitchen, ready to set about the task of making his morning tea, when he suddenly felt long arms snake around his back to his neck, attempting a choke holdInstantly waking up, he instinctually reached up, his hands gripping roughly into the fabric of his attackers sleeve, hunching forward and sending the surprisingly light stranger’s body over his good shoulder in a move he’d practiced dozens of times beforeHis body was already pumping adrenaline, mind reeling with possibilities of who exactly had managed to sneak into the flat without raising either his or Sherlock’s attention, something no one had managed to do while they were both thereAt the thought of Sherlock he panicked, because the idiot had probably spent all night awake, even with the injuries she’d received less than ten days ago she hadn’t been getting the proper amount of rest she needed and he quickly focused on the attacker, ready to take them out and look for his flatmate, only to find her lying on the floor in front of him“Very good John” she said with a huff, one eye half closing as if wincing from the pain, and he right away dropped to his knees in front of her, checking her over“Are you alright?” then, “You bloody idiot, I could have really hurt you!”She looked at him, her expression completely serious“I need you to teach me more advanced forms of self defense” Satisfied that she wasn’t hurt, he frowned “why? You already know more fighting styles than I do”“Yes, but they proved to be rather useless our last case, the results of being held captive could …”He held up his hand, stopping her, knowing full well what the man could have done to Sherlock while she was tied up, and nodded, seeing her point, “Alright” he said, “We’ll have to take it easy because of your injuries but I’ll do what I can”
___________The sound of the steps being climbed was drowned out by the mix of laughter and the string of curses John threw around, their legitimate training dissolving quickly into a half assed wrestling match between the two, evenly matched, while John had much more experience, Sherlock’s cleverness and overall flexibility were working in her favor, and when the door of their flat was opened, they were rolling about, ending with John on top, pinning Sherlock’s wrists to the floor with a “Ha! Got you!”Lestrade cleared his throat, and John looked up, Sherlock tilting her head back on the floor to follow his gaze“Is this a bad time?” The DI asked awkwardlyJohn looked down and realized the position they were in, along with the implications of such a thing could beQuickly, he scrambled off his flatmate, sitting back on his heels and giving an awkward smile“John was providing training in self defense” Sherlock spoke when the doctor seemed incapable, not bothering to lift herself off the floor, only roll onto her stomach and propping herself onto her elbows“Yeah, sure. Listen, I need your help” Lestrade said, obviously not believing a word but too busy to follow up on it“A case?” Sherlock asked, lifting one brow “Interesting, a kidnapping”“You heard about it?”“No, but your demeanor says it all” she replied, getting up gracefully, like a cat after a stretch, and plucking the case file from his fingers, flipping it open to skim through itA smile broke across her face“Oh, this is good!” she replied, shoving the file back at the DI and heading towards her room to changeLestrade raised one brow at the doctor when she left, and John felt his cheeks flush



Chapter End Notes
Make sure to comment to let me know your thoughts!Also, check out my Tumblr for updates on what's up with my life or my Writing Tumblr for fanfics I don't publish on AO3 (Tho it's mostly just anime tbh)


Interrupted
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes
bit nsfw mentions in this chapter

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




“Sheryl, please…”“No, John, I’m done! You hear me? Done!”He flinched as she grabbed her shirt, not bothering to even shoulder it on before stomping down the stairs to his room with a parting remark about him enjoying his ‘freak show’, and slamming the front door hard enough to shake the wallsHe ran his hands through his hair, frustrated in more ways than one, his erection half flagged and his anatomy feeling particularly heavyWhy was it every girlfriend ended like this; yelling, angry, and lacking in proper orgasms?“Come, then, John” his flatmate said, leaning her slim body against his door frame, one perfect brow raised in annoyance and expectancyAh yes, that’s why“Dammit Sherlock! One night! I asked for one bloody night and you can’t even give me that!”“It’s hardly my fault that your dating life interferes with the Work, and I was under the impression you didn’t want me working cases alone after the jewel thief incident”“Of course I don’t, but Christ!” He shook his head angrily, finally getting around to zipping up his fly in an attempt to hide his modesty, but there wasn’t much left. Sherlock had flown up the stairs like the force of nature she was, completely ignoring everything John had repeatedly told her about boundaries and walking right into John seconds away from losing himself in another woman’s mouth, and he nearly came from the sheer shock of gooseflesh that prickled over his skin when his eyes locked with hersSheryl, it seemed, was not at all happy with being interrupted, or the way John’s stubborn cock had twitched in excitementHis cheeks were still flushed, from embarrassment and left over arousalHe was so damn close! So close to a climax that didn’t involve his own hand, but it never seemed to be enoughIt was bad enough that he was sharing a flat with a woman, or that half of London already thought they were shagging by ‘reading in between the lines’ of his blog updates, but if she texted, phoned, or just outright walked in on his dates when she felt like it, hell, he was never going to get laidHe had to choose, that was obvious. The work, or his love lifeAnd he bit back a groan realizing it wasn’t even a challenge, his choice was decided the second Sherlock had walked into and took over his lifeDidn’t mean he couldn’t be outright upset with the brat for constantly bullying her way into every waking moment of his life, just that he recognized he was at fault tooSherlock’s eyebrow stayed lifted, and dammit the smug twat was actually smirking, as if it was so fucking hilarious that she single handedly simultaneously both ruined and made his lifeJesusIt was time he gave up fighting it, the moon was more likely to fall out of the Earth’s orbit than John to fall out of Sherlock’sThis was just one of the prices to pay for being near herOccupational hazard and all Maybe one day, the work would lose it’s appeal, and running around London with Sherlock wouldn’t seem so grand, then he could settle down with a nice girl, have a child, or two or three, and live a comfortable, peaceful existence, but that day wasn’t today, nor did it seem to be in the immediate futureIf the time did come, he planned to leave 221B Baker St, because with all it could offer, the promise of forever was not part of it, but until the day came, he would live his life at Sherlock’s side, giving up on anything that may call him away



Chapter End Notes
Hope you like the story so far, as you can see things are starting to heat up a bitAlso, check out my Tumblr for updates on what's up with my life or my Writing Tumblr for fanfics I don't publish on AO3 (Tho it's mostly just anime tbh)


Birthdays
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes
This chapter is very fluffy, enjoy

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Sherlock Holmes didn’t like not knowing things. Secrets, puzzles, she’d go at them with every bit of relevant information she held in that magnificent brain of hers, stripping it all apart for new information that may be useful, dismissing all she didn’t care for. If anything held an air of mystery, like his middle name, she’d pull out all the stops in satisfying her curiosity, and it was almost compulsive, like an addictive need to know anything and everythingShe also wasn’t a fan of social events, anyone who had ever met her would know that much, it was rather obvious by her heavy sighs, her dramatics whenever a case made them attend any sort of gathering, avoiding other people like the plague when it came down to it, because people weren’t worth her time unless they had something to offer, the humans around her were dull, stupid creatures that she couldn’t be bothered with if not for some kind of reward, information, a case, a limb or two from the morgue. From all that it was obvious a surprise party for her was out of the question, any type of party at all, actuallyHe had gone out on a date for his birthday, the flavor of the month girlfriend taking him out to dinner with a couple of her friends, so he got ready like he always would, shower and shave, not hearing a word about the date from Sherlock, though by the fact she’d stolen his birth certificate at some point she knew what day it was on, but either she couldn’t be bothered to say anything, or was so lost in their case slump to care for what day it wasHis musing ended, though, when he crossed the path of the hallway into his room, and on his bed, rather neatly folded, was a cardigan, a deep and rich blue, matching almost the color of his eyes, and his hands wandering over the fabric showed it’s high quality, something that must have cost a fortuneWithout thinking, he dressed, his usual button up and casual jeans, and shrugged the expensive cloth over his shoulders, buttoning the first four buttonsLooking in the mirror, he was surprised by how well the color complimented his skin, his eyes, his hair, his whole person, something in that shade was hardly anything he would have bought from himself, but he could hardly expect his fashion sense to compare to a girl who treated London like her own personal catwalkHe smiled, shoving his keys, mobile, and wallet into his pocket before happily padding down the stairs“How do I look?” He asked, holding out his arms with a smile that felt bigger than usualThe detective didn’t open her eyes from where she was sprawled about the couch, merely let out a soft sigh“I know how much of a fan you are of cheaper product but try not to butcher the fabric while washing it, it holds more worth than all your other cardigans combined.” His smile didn’t falter “Will do” He said cheerfullyJust as he was stepping out the door, ready to close it behind him, she spoke again“Oh, and John?”“Yeah?”“Happy birthday”
_________________________John had gone through quite a bit of trouble to just do a simple gift giving like she’d done for him. He sent a text to the number that had magically found it’s way onto his mobile the day he met Sherlock, and was surprised by the immediate response‘Las Consecuencias De Amor. 8 pm.’Followed quickly by a purchase conformation number and an address, and a third text reading ‘Have fun, Dr. Watson’“Exactly where are we going?”  Sherlock asked, her legs crossed and her foot impatiently bouncing, “and why is it necessary for me to wear this thing?” she pulled lightly on the tie John had tied loosely around her eyes, an attempt at a surprise when they climbed into the back of the taxi“I can’t have you deducing what we’re doing tonight, Sherlock, that ruins the point of the present”“Hardly, and a blindfold won’t be effective when I am able to find out exactly what cross streets we stop at before you’re able to read them by the amount of turns and the bumps in the road”“Yes, yes, we all know you’re so bloody clever, just try and relax, and no cheating”“Using one’s own heightened skills of observation achieved through years of discipline is hardly cheating, John”“Shut up” he replied, handing the address to the taxi driver looking at them oddly from within the review mirror before they were offWhen they arrived, Sherlock’s leg was all but a blur with how fast it was twitching, the nervous energy and twitching had him thinking that she was able to tell exactly where they stopped at, though, nothing could actually prepare him for her reaction once they were out of the cab on onto the street in front of the theatreAs he undid her makeshift blindfold, she took one look at the location, breathed a soft gasp, and turned back to him abruptly, grabbing his shoulders and spinning them once, twice, before letting go and doing a little hop in place“The Theatre! Brilliant, just brilliant, John!” she cheered, all but leaving him in the dust as she hurried inside, and he couldn’t help the smile that overran his face at the sight of her giddy grin and overall ecstatic behavior.Normally it took a good triple murder to get her that happyClearly, the older Holmes’ knew his sister more than Sherlock would probably likeLater that night, once they arrived home, Sherlock made her way towards her violin, dabbing down a bunch of notes before picking up the instrument and repeating the main theme of the play by what John assumes was entirely earHe made himself comfortable in his usual armchair, watching the detective sway back and forth, her eyes closed, the smile having never left her lips and she played and played, adding bits and pieces there, until it became an entirely different piece all together, and she composed a masterpiece right before his eyesWith his lids getting heavy and the clock striking down way past the actual date, he gave a smile, stood and stretched, before making his way towards the stairs to his more“Happy birthday, Sherlock”



Chapter End Notes
Thx for reading, and kudos/comment to let me know what you think so farNext chapter will be it! Look forward to itAlso, check out my Tumblr for updates on what's up with my life or my Writing Tumblr for fanfics I don't publish on AO3


Breathless
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes
It's a lil short

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




“That….” John spoke, breathing heavily and resting his hands on his knees, trying to catch his breath, though his efforts fruitless for the first few huffs “Was… by far…the craziest case…we’ve ever worked…” he finished, standing up straighter and slumping back against the wall, his body unable to keep up the slight tremble of exhaustion that rode through him, craving its way into his tired bones but leaving such a delicious thumping in its wake He shrugged off his jacket, feeling the shirt underneath sticking to his body in the summer heat, and physical toll running around London was taking. Sweat and aches in his muscles told the tale of this case, physically demanding and twice the high“I would imagine the case with the mail man who dressed as various cartoon characters to commit murder would come out on top…” Sherlock replied, a smile on her lips while she turned to meet his eyes “Pet Mail, was it?”Their gazes locked, and both broke out in insane giggles, half smoothing them with their hands but failing to keep it down“Oh for heaven’s sake, it’s past midnight!” Ms. Hudson bustled out of her room; a dressing gown tightly wrapped around her figure and her slippers sliding across the flooring as if picking up her feet was too much effortJohn turned towards her with an apologetic smile “Sorry, we were just going up…”She looked between the two, shaking her head and heading back inside“Shh” John held a finger to his lips, a quiet chuckle bubbling out of his chest, and Sherlock smiled, climbing up the steps two at a time He hung his jacket, and she shrugged off hers, the steady raise and fall of her chest slowly slowing, along with the burning itch that seemed to rise every time they were in a particularly dangerous caseSherlock is aware of the tension between them, so thick in the air it runs over their skin and leaves gooseflesh in its wake, a spark of fire in their veins that are so pumped with adrenaline, it leaves their hearts no break in their drummingIt’s happened before, when their eyes locked in moments like this, each holding their breath, and for once, Sherlock didn’t seem to have all the answers, her mind blank of words, of deductions and reasons; she would just stared at him, with a look John, if he didn’t know any better, would call confusion. Like in that moment she didn’t know what to expect, what would happen, because the tension was so thick and the air was thinning, each knowing what a risk it would be to lean forward, but wondering if maybe, maybe it would be worth it to just feel each other’s breath on their skin, the promise of their lips, the taste of their tonguesBut Sherlock always broke the contact, and John, as usual, would follow her lead, dropping it and never bring the subject to life, just let it hang there awkwardly. Like an elephant in the room, both could read the situation but neither able to make sense of it.See but not observeThis time, though…this time felt different, and for the first time, she wasn’t scared, she didn’t want to flinch away from the unfamiliar swell of emotions building in her stomach, to run away from what could very well be the end of her only true friendship all for the risk of something more. The adrenaline perhaps, or maybe she was just growing tired of this little dance.But it seemed, that the risk was finally looking worth it.His heart began to pound when her lips parted just slightly, the plump bottom flesh pulling away from a perfect cupid’s bow, a sliver of pink darting in between, a quick, subtle slide of her tongue to moisten her lips, and John’s eyes dropping to her mouth before flickering back up to meet her gaze, surprised to find she left her emotions completely bare, eyes giving away everything for once with no defensive glimmer in sight.The usual attentiveness was gone, swept away by the sea of John’s gaze. She breathed out slowly, exhaling as cheeks flushing slightly, and he lost it, carefully practiced control flying out the window, pushing her back against the wall, pinning wrists to her sides with his hands, and his mouth covered hers. A thrill racing up his spine at the soft moan of surprise that echoed down his throat



Chapter End Notes
Finally! Next chapter will, in fact, be smut, so look forward to thatI'll try updating in another day or two, but I'm gonna be getting a lil busy the next few days, so.. can't make any promisesAlso, be sure to check out my Tumblr for updates on what's up with my life or my Writing Tumblr for fanfics I don't publish on AO3


Passion
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes
THE SMUT HAS ARRIVEDI just hope I meet y'all's exceptions

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





'The usual attentiveness was gone, swept away by the sea of John’s gaze. She breathed out slowly, exhaling as cheeks flushing slightly, and he lost it, carefully practiced control flying out the window, pushing her back against the wall, pinning wrists to her sides with his hands, and his mouth covered hers.
A thrill racing up his spine at the soft moan of surprised echoed down his throat'
The human mind was a strange thing, especially someone like Sherlock’s. Even as her eyes glazed over, her body heating to the point of fever, her knees nearly knocking together, her mind still rattled off deductions, still observed every inch of skin her fingertips exploredHe had her, up against the wall, strong hands on lean thighs, hot lips on plump ones, a growing arousal pressed against her, one she felt and noticed a few times prior, but never this way, where it’s size and need radiated off it in waves, completely unguarded and twitching with promise of where their activities could lead themHer fingers worked their way into the plaid button up he wore, touching the strong core with a hint of softness, hardened muscles and a layer of plush from one too many biscuits with his teaShe had deduced the outline of his body, the way it would look without needing him to remove so much as a single layer of clothing, even touching the bare skin once before during an experiment, but the knowledge seemed inadequate now, and she tugged impatiently at the clothes that suddenly became a barrier in between them, desperate to see, feel, taste, every inch of his flesh“Sherlock…” He half whispered, half moaned, a hint of disbelief in his voice like he couldn’t wrap his mind around what was happeningShe was in the same position. Things were moving fast, faster than her brain seemed capable of keeping up with, the sensations of his touch overwhelming her, and though she wasn’t the virgin everyone seemed to think she was, she never had an experience quite like what was happening, were a simple brush of skin on skin sent fire racing under her veins, gooseflesh over her body, and a kick in her heartHis mouth was everywhere as his fingers fumbled with the buttons of her shirt, stopping briefly at each one as if asking for permission to undo the next. She didn’t stop him, rather, encouraged him by doing the same, and soon his mouth crashed against hers in another heated kiss once the buttons were all undone and his hands made their way over her bare stomach, over her bra, and finally pushing the plain fabric up to pinch lightly at her nipples“Wait…!” She broke apart with a gasp, her pupils blown so big there was barely any gray left to see, her cheeks and neck flushed beautifully pink and her breathing sending shock after shock straight to his groin He froze, hands still cupping her small breasts, panting out and hoping she wouldn’t reject him just then, not after he just got a taste, a feel of what being with Sherlock would really be like, only to have it so cruelly yanked away at the last second“You…you know how I am, John…What I am…” she paused, and John could practically hear her debating whether or not to actually use the word sociopath, when whenever she brought it up in the past it ended with a row, she seemed to decide against it, thankfully, and continued with stuttering breathes “Is this…is this really what you want?” She asked, her eyes searching every inch of his face yet not holding their usual air of arrogance and all knowing, but instead held confusion and something that was scarily closed to vulnerability.He stared at her for a few seconds, in shock she’d even have to ask him, his gaze darted down her body then back up to meet her eyes, his arms snaked around her waist, pulling her closer so he could roll his hips against her thigh“God, yes”Strong hands swept beneath her knees, pulling them up and apart so her back hit the wall behind her, knocking the breath from her lungs as she wrapped her seemingly endless legs around him, his arousal pressed directly against her own, and with a subtle thrust, the friction had them both let out a startled moanAfter what felt like an eternity held against the wall for support, she broke away again, running her long fingers through his hair and breathing out “Bed?”“Hmmm” He hummed in response, pressing his face against her neck and lightly biting, sucking on smooth and flawless skin in hopes of leaving a mark on the pretty pale flesh, a little reminder that this night was real, so when he woke up, he’d know it wasn’t just another dreamHis arms went around her back, holding her up for support as he walked blindly, lead only by Sherlock’s huffed sense of direction ‘left, chair, doorway’, each coming out sounding sexier than they should with her breathy moans whenever John sucked a specific spot on her neckFinally he reached their distention, dropping the genius onto the mattress and following quicklyThey explored more and more flesh as the clothing slowly stripped, his shirt, hers and her bra, his fingers hooking through her belt loops of her trousers and pulling to reveal endless expands of milky thighs and surprisingly feminine knickers of white cotton His fingers eagerly explored their fabric and a swell of pride filled his chest to feel how aroused she was becoming, before hooking to the band and pulling softly, hesitant and uncertain of how far she was willing to allow himShe simply lifted her hips, allowing the fabric to come off and hang loosely on one ankle, the stubble on his chin tickling the inside of her thigh with a kiss, two, moving just slightly higher each time his lips met her sensitive skin“Hmm…” She hummed appreciatively, weaving her fingers into his hair and giving a jerk of her hips and his lips met her folds“Sherlock…” he breathed into the coarse hair tickling his nose, musky, and earthy, and just so SHERLOCK, a scent he never could find, the under layer hidden beneath her hair products and deodorant, pure and comforting and HOME“John…” she half moaned, fingers applying gentle pressure in encouragementHe may not be a genius like her, but this was something in which he had experience. He didn’t get the nickname 3 content Watson by being shy, and with a quick dart of his tongue he lapped all coherent thoughts right out of her mind, leaving her trembling, and moaning, and pressing fingers into his scalp, half massaging, half holdingHe paid close attention to the task at hand, since each woman was different, he wanted to make sure he got Sherlock just right, knowing what made her breathy sighs turn into deep moans, what made her legs tighten around his face and her hips tremble with pleasureSoon she was rolling into him, soft circle movements with her hips as she tightened her hold on his hair, pulling until it almost felt painful, but he couldn’t careless, his own hips rutting into the mattress to relieve some of the pressure building inside his shaft, something that didn’t escape her notice, even with her eyes closed, and the noise of his mouth working“John” she breathed, and he could’ve come from the sound itself if he wasn’t carefulShe moved her fingers to stop him, and he looked up, watching in fascination at the expression on his flatmate’s face, all flushed with fever and desireReading her intention, he planted one last kiss to her inner thigh and followed up her body, licking her navel and in between her breasts as he wentShe got to work, skilled digits undoing the buttoning of his jeans and zipper with one hand, the other reaching up to weave into his short hair “Off” she commanded with a tug on the denim, her index finger hanging loosely off  one belt loopFumbling, he did what she commanded, leaving him in just boxers, tented at the front, his arousal hot and heavy, and God he’d kill to have her touch him with those endless fingers of hersAs if reading his mind, she did just that, soft caresses at first, as if she was mapping out his shape through his cotton boxers, even the simple touches made his heart pound, intense in ways a hand job shouldn’t be“W-W-wait, wait” John gasped, head hanging and lips remaining parted, he forced his eyes open to meet hers, her annoyance at being stopped clear on her face“What, John?” she asked, voice curt“We need a…” He cleared his throat, because that squeak in his voice was not flattering his pride, and tried again “condom”“Unnecessary” she replied, and once again ran her deadly long fingers up his shaft through his pants, causing his legs to buckle“Sherlock-”“Mycroft” she wrinkled her nose in disgust at the use of her brother’s name at a time like this “Had me tested every week during…” her voice trailed off, and John’s hands shifted from her breasts to her elbows, absentmindedly thumbing the scars there “I’ve hardly had a chance to acquire anything as of late. And you, being a doctor, as well as with the Work and any stranger you take home during a particularly frustrating time, have yourself tested twice a month, your most recent results coming up negative, since your suspicion is directed towards any habits I may have, I can assure you it is unnecessary, we’ll purchase them, along with a cautionary pill tomorrow afternoon” her voice grew breathy as she leaned forward, her fingers leaving his shaft to thumb the waist of his boxers “Don’t make me wait” she demanded, and any logical thought fled his mindThe frantic removal of his pants ended when she felt him pressing, hot and heavy against her, hesitant as if asking permission one last time. When her only response was nails dipping into the strong expand of his back, he pushed in, causing her lips to part and a huffed moan to escape as neglected muscles stretched to accommodate his length“You okay…?” He asked, his voice strained around the edges and he buried himself as deeply as he could inside her, feeling her walls clench around him, and though he was no stranger to the sensation, he could have sworn it felt like his first time all over againShe took a few deep breaths, trying to understand the burning in her stomach that ran under her skin and seemed to be everywhere at once, rushing through her veins and tingling her fingertips“John…” she breathed as she buried her face in his neck, kissing the smooth skin with a hint of morning stubble there earnestly“Yeah…?” he asked, his eyes shut tight as he kept himself completely still“Move”The command, like any other she tossed his way, was immediately obeyed, and he pulled a fraction out, his hands gripping her waist trying to center himself to the world around him, to not lose control and finish right then and there like a bloody teenager He was hesitant and gentle and that just wasn’t going to work for her, so firmly planting her foot on the mattress, and pushing, she flipped their positions so she landed on top, the quick movement ending in a gasp from him“Christ, Sherlock!” He groaned when she gave a roll of her hips, planting pale hands on his freckled chest, tracing their patterns absently, already making future plans to map them out and remember each and every one“Better?” She smirked, staring at him through half lidded eyes as she repeated the motion, swirling him inside herself and searching for ah yes…perfect, she sighed, giving a half crazed smile which he responded to with a giggle“Bloody…” the pads of his thumbs flickered over her nipples before moving his hands down to rest on her lean waist “brilliant”Adjusting her body slightly, she lifted, sinking back down and giving a groan at the feelings washing over her, repeating the action again and again; building a steady rhythmJohn didn’t move, giving her completely control, deciding how hard, how fast, and if she chose to stop, he wouldn’t protest. He just traced her hips with his thumbs in odd, repetitive patterns and watching her with his dark blue eyes that looked almost black in the lack of lighting, and it was one of those rare moments, were he looked completely focused, as if he could see more than her. She’d only witnessed the look a few times before, when they were in danger and the only solution was the steadying of his hand on his gun, read to fire the second it was necessaryThat hand was currently touching her so intimately The hand that twitched and would end lives, for himself, for England, and most importantly, for HERShe subconsciously tightened around him, earning a hiss in responseThis was John, looking up at her with deeply focused eyes, yet his mouth ajar and panting and a look of awe running its way on every line of his face, like she was the most amazing thing on Earth, like she was beyond understanding but still so deserving of praise, like she was something to hold and treasure and admire no matter whatShe realized a second late that she was coming; it hit her, hard, and she lunged forward, fingernails digging into the forearms still holding her, her forehead resting on the curve of his good shoulder as she shuddered, moaning something the could’ve been his name, if it wasn’t half cut off with a gasp“Shit…” he groaned, moving his lips to her ear, breathing, “you’re beautiful”The sentiment, while any other time would have put her off, seemed perfectly lovely in her blissShe was vaguely aware of John finally moving, thrusting up into her, his movements at first even and quick, before becoming hectic as his climax built in the base of his spineJohn buried his moan into the nape of her neck when he wasn’t able to hold out any longer“Sh-Sherlock!” he groaned, his hands gripping her hips tight as he pressed her down against him, bringing her as close as possible as pulse after pulse of his release hit himWith his eyes squeezed tight, he could have sworn the world ended just then, lost in the white behind his lids and the blankness of his mind, a climax so intense it hit him in the gut and swept the breath right out of his lungs, and he panted, trembled, resting a sweaty brow to her lean shoulder in an attempt to collect himselfFinally, he withdrew, trying not to shiver at the friction on his overly sensitive cock as she slowly ran her hands up his chest, before resting them on the start of his neck, a satisfied smile on her lipsIn all honesty, he expected her to roll off to the side and demand he get out of her bed once they finished. He was already gathering the required energy into aching muscles to do soBut to his surprise, she shifted, moving down a little on the bed until her feet threatened to hang off so she could rest her head on his chest, already wild curls looking more like a lion’s maneHesitantly, he placed his hand there, running rough fingers through the softest of hair, untangling and combing as he wentShe gave a satisfied hum that soon turned to soft breathing and he realized she, Sherlock Holmes, had found her will to sleep when using him as a pillow
He never been so happy before in his life___________________And after that first night, it seemed like the focus that once was left to rot away with boredom between cases was instead switched to John with a fiery intensityThe second their door closed in their flat, or even pushed up against the hallway leading towards their door, they went at it. Lips roaming, hands grasping at whatever they made contact with, each swallowing the other’s breath, their moans; their heartsIt wasn’t just in between cases, and those moments seemed to scare him the most. Because he could never predict when Sherlock would push him into the nearest secluded place and have at it, condoms tucked away in her trench coat pockets for easy access. In the lab, at the Yard, or even some poor bloke’s apartment during a sweep of the murder scene, whenever, wherever, Sherlock got her wayAnd he loved every second of it



Chapter End Notes
Was that everything y'all hoped for? I hope so, I write smut a lil poetic I've been told and some ppl don't like it, but I hope y'all didEven here, I still have a 10+ chapters to goAlso, be sure to check out my Tumblr for updates on what's up with my life or my Writing Tumblr for fanfics I don't publish on AO3


A Secret
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes
Sorry it took a while to post an update, and this chapter is a lil short :/But it's a lil nsfw so forgive me?

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Of course everything with and about Sherlock could never be measured by normal standards, it was new and surreal and -Jesus fucking Christ- BRILLANTHer focus, her radiant mind, her every bit of what made her, her, made his skin crawl and his blood pump south every time those icy eyes rested on his, a look that spoke of exactly what she had planned that evening Her desire was insufferable, and…. –god yes- Fingers curling around brown locks, sanity slipping away with every hallow of her cheeks, he lost his ability to think, to breathe, to do anything besides stammer out her name in warning a tug every so gently on those soft curlsBut no, she didn’t move, just smirked around his shaft and sucked, because she enjoyed this, unraveling him, turning him into a puddle of want and need, and turning off his other senses until he could only chant her name through his orgasmHe came so hard he swore he saw starsShe laughed, LAUGHED, and he was struck with both the desire to kick her out of his bed, and lay her down and unwrap her on itAs if reading his thoughts, she shook her head, standing up straight and wiping her mouth with the back of her hand “No time” she said evenly, her voice only slightly hoarse from their previous activities “The lab results should be back by now”“Jesus, Sherlock, is this the only reason we came here, then?”John asked, his orgasmic bliss cut through with her words, his fingers fumbling with the button of his jeans“You’re the one who insisted we no longer use the janitorial closet at Bart’s”“We almost got caught last time!” He shook his head, standing up and shit, his legs felt like jelly“Hmm” she hummed, a shrug of her shoulders, indifferent to what was a vaguely terrifying experience in his mindThe rattling of the locked doorknob while he was buried deep inside Sherlock, having her half bent over the hospital shelves was NOT exactly a fond memory, and even now he shivered at the thought of if that person had had the keys to enterHe really didn’t want anything like that going on his arrest record, and he was almost certain Mycroft wouldn’t be clearing it the way he had with the spray painting issueNot that he wanted her brother to know, god no; he’d rather take his chances in courtAll in all, it seemed Sherlock, though insist on the oddest and most inappropriate locations, was still very careful about others knowingIt made sense, in a way. It wasn’t something serious, he wasn’t sure it meant anything at all to her outside of fulfilling the sudden and strong libido she seemed to develop, and it didn’t brand either of them as taken, they weren’t exclusive, so why make it public?Besides, he rather liked the idea of keeping it private, just for them, for him, something to hide from the world and tuck into his pocket, a little bubble of happiness he allowed himself to feel every time they touched, the fantasy that would live in his head, that as they went at it, hard and fast and dirty yet so perfect, it was driven by affection rather than lust, that there were feelings involved, and when she curled against him in the bed they began to share, resting her head to his chest, utterly spent, he’d indulge himself the slight caress, following the line of her body with the tips of his fingers, intimate in a way that had no business outside of lovers and life partnersMaybe it wasn’t fair to allow that, not to himself, or her, but at that point he was well aware where exactly he stood, not a friend, or flatmate, or quick shag. But an archer and a constant, the calm that fell in love with the storm



Chapter End Notes
I'm gonna post an update tomorrow as well but tbh they might slow down cause NaNoWriMo is almost here and I'm gonna be writing my fantasy novelBe sure to check out my Tumblr for updates on what's up with my life or my Writing Tumblr for fanfics I don't publish on AO3


Threats
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“Your relationship with Sherlock has had…an interesting development” He paced evenly, back and forth with two even steps each time, umbrella taping the dirtied floor of the abandoned warehouseJohn didn’t bother to speak, or even ask how the man knew in the first place when he and Sherlock went out of there way to hide their little encounters, keeping them strictly out of view of CCTV cameras and displaying no added affection in their daily routine“The human heart is a fragile thing…” Mycroft went on to say, his gaze piercing into John’s soul and if he were less of a man, he would have cowered away from its intensity “Easily swayed…”He couldn’t correct him, tell him he loved her, every piece, every flaw and mistake and scar on her arms, that he would never be swayed, because, though an unfounded fear, he was afraid Sherlock would somehow find out, deduce that those words were uttered, that what appeared to be casual sex was so much more to him, that each time he held her to him, against him, possessing her the way others couldn’t, the warmth that spread throughout his body had nothing to do with what they were doing“She has always struggled to connect to other people.” He continued and John straightened his posture “and what may come easily to you, she cannot fully understand”He figured that out on his own, from the very first week they spent as flatmates, he knew she couldn’t get on with people, even displaying complete lack of effort, it wasn’t that she didn’t bother to try, it was she didn’t know how to go about it, so instead, she lashed out, and pretended she didn’t care for the world and others around her.“While she hides hers away, you wear your heart on your sleeve” John looked up at that, giving him a confused look“I have always said that caring is not an advantage, merely sentiment found on the losing side, but it seems that Sherlock was not able to fully lock herself away from such emotions, and thus has found herself where she is now.” John wasn’t sure Mycroft was talking to him anymore, or if he was just thinking out loud“You are an honest man, Dr. Watson, so I am sure this is much more than casual…encounters for you…”He could feel his ears turning red at that, the euphemism only adding to his embarrassment “And whether she will admit to it or not, they are so much more to Sherlock than she would have you believe. So I will entrust you with her safety on this as well…”“You’re…. okay with this…?” He asked, hesitating, as if the second he allowed himself to relax, Mycroft would strike with armed forces“My personal feelings on the matter are hardly important. Who my sister chooses as her partner is entirely up to her. And you seem as good a candidate as any” he said, his all seeing gaze ranking up and down his figure, and John knew he was stripping apart his life story just as Sherlock was so fond of doing, peeling back layers and leaving him exposedHe had nothing to hide from the older Holmes, though, like the man said, he wore his heart on his sleeve, his emotions left bare for the world to see, his intentions as clear as day.He would never hurt her“So… That’s it? No threats?”Mycroft’s lips curled up slightly “You are already aware of what I am capable of, Dr. Watson” He said, turning to start walking away, his wrist twirling idly to swing his umbrella back and forth “Voicing such matters hardly seems necessary” That, said so casually with an air of indifference shook him more than if Mycroft had actually threatened him. Because he knew oh so well exactly what could happen if he so much as stepped out of whatever line Mycroft had drawn revolving his little sisterThis was dangerous, unknown land he was wondering with Sherlock, and, like always, he’d follow her anywhere



Chapter End Notes
Halloween is tomorrow night and I'm gonna go trick or treating with my daughter and my spouse, so I may not be able to update, but I will tryAgain, I may slow down in my updates during NaNoWriMo, but since I'm gonna be writing on my laptop, I figure that I should be able to open another tab and update this story, so hopefully? but no promisesBe sure to check out my Tumblr for updates on what's up with my life or my Writing Tumblr for fanfics I don't publish on AO3


Jealousy
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“Will you shut up?!” Sherlock barked, turning abruptly in her couched position to give Donovan and Watson her death glareJohn opened his mouth a few times, blinking in confusion, before shaking his head in disapproval “We were barely speaking, Sherlock…” He replied softly, hunching his shoulders slightly as if embarrassed“No, you were flirting, and I’d prefer if you did it else where. I can’t concentrate with all Donovan’s faked laughter” she respondedDarting off gaze, sheepish postureGuilt?At being caught then. She frowned“What’s got you all worked up, then? A bit jealous?” Sally smirked, as if her accusation was well founded, the hand she had playfully rested on John’s shoulder twisted possessivelyAs if John was hers to claim“I have no reason to be jealous. Your advances are hardly sincere, a pitiful attempt to gain Anderson’s attention. He left about a minute ago to phone his wife.”Sally, as predicted, let herself a fraction of a second to let her gaze dart around the room, the corners of her lips pulling downwards when there was no sign of the forensic analysisHer hand droppedConsciously, Sherlock made a move to appear to be adjusting her scarf, and one pale finger pressed to the purple mark hidden there beneath, where John’s mouth had been the night before, grounding herself in that little piece of data, proof that John was completely satisfiedBy physical means, at least“Enough” Lestrade cut in, “Sally, leave the room and give Sherlock some space”“But I’m the real detective!”“Hardly” Sherlock smirked, turning back to the body lying across the ground, and proceeding to study the corpse“Come on, Sally…I’ll… walk you out” John tried hesitantly, glancing at Sherlock as he spoke to check her reactionShe didn’t seem to notice his words at all, however, so with a shrug of his shoulders, he left the room with Donovan__________That night, with the murderer caught and the day done, John had just shrugged out of his coat, ready to sleep off the exhaustion of the day, when he found himself being pressed against the door the second it closed, his back smacking against the wood with a loud thud and his arms suddenly full of consulting detectiveHer lips were everywhere, his ears, jaw, neck, and all he could do was bite back a moan and grip her slender waist tightly in his handsThe subtle rocking of her hips against his was driving him insane, the friction of fabric on fabric, bodies wrapped in cloth rutting against each other quickly sprung his arousal, but the second he was fully erect, she stepped back, her lips leaving his neck with an audible ‘pop’She simply wiped her lips with the back of her hand, walked off, and locked herself in her bedroom, leaving him flustered, confused, and oh so turned on, having to make an awkward walk up to his bedroom to take care of the problem himself It wasn’t until later, when he was brushing his teeth, did he see the very noticeable bright red spot forming on his neck, right where Sherlock’s mouth had been hours before, and he realized she’d been more concerned with marking him than getting him off A little sign that meant so much to any potential women in John’s life‘Back off’He didn’t dare hide it



Chapter End Notes
So I did not actually update yesterday, but we got home around 10pm and going through her candy, showering the infant, taking off the cosplay makeup, it was late and I didn't wanna actually bother with a computerI'm updating rn cause NaNoWriMo is going on, and I'm trying to figure out my story while also somehow writing it, it's a very stressful situation..Be sure to check out my Tumblr for updates on what's up with my life or my Writing Tumblr for fanfics I don't publish on AO3


Rid Of Mycroft
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes
Speedy update cause short chapter

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Getting her brother to leave the flat, Sherlock noticed, was getting much easier with the new development with her flatmate, just yet another thing added to the list of reasons she enjoyed sleeping with John WatsonIt all began a few short weeks after her and John started their relationship, when he came home particularly flustered, cheeks slightly flushed, hair disarrayed from constant fingers through it, eyes darting off everywhere to avoid looking at her, embarrassedMycroft, of course, likely involving a conversation of their actions, some foolish family obligation; a social convention of the proper roles of a big brother Mycroft felt the need to fulfill, and Sherlock didn’t bother with the details on how her brother found out. Even with her precautions, they were all useless when John was an open book, his recent activities so plain and easy to read on his face, it was no wonder her brother found outSo when John lied in bed in his after sex bliss, the post orgasmic coma he seemed to slip into every time, she untangled herself from within his arms and removed herself from the bed at the sound of a familiar car pulling up to Baker StLazily, she pulled on his boxers from their place on the floor, grabbing his horrid plaid button up and only bothering with the center three buttons, leaving the top and bottom ones undone in a way that made her look wonderfully unraveledA shaking of her head allowed her hair to whip around, adding even more volume to it after an hour of vigorous sex, she knew her hair was as wild and suggestive as ever, giving her the effect she was going forAs if on cue, she heard the stairs creek in protest of her brother’s arrival, and she left her room with a vague mumble of ‘tea’ to John before greeting her brother at the doorway into the flatShe yanked open the door, and though it was no surprise to Mycroft that Sherlock would come to banish him from the flat, his face still flushed from anger and embarrassment at the sight of her, not bothering to hide his obvious distaste for his sister’s attire, or, rather, lack there of“Put some clothes on!” He hissed under his breath, looking her square in the eyes, a challengeShe met him back full force “Hmm, I rather don’t see the point if they’ll just end up on the floor again” she replied evenly, leaning casually against the frame with her arms crossed over her chestFor a few glorious seconds, he looked completely at a loss for words, such a rare sight, before closing his half open mouth, turning on his heels, and quickly descending down the stairs“Who was that?” John asked with a yawn, lingering just outside the kitchen in a loosely tied dressing gown“No one” she replied with a smirk and shut the door



Chapter End Notes
I'm ignoring NaNoWriMo cause it's been to days and I got 1k written barely, but y'all can read what I have so far if you're interested, message me on my Tumblr for the Google Doc link if you want it, but I won't post it here cause I'm a bit.. nervous, Ig?Anyways, comment if you like the story thus far, I love reading what you have to say


Anger
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes
This chapter is NSFWTw for: suicide mention, death, and angry sex

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




The second he came into the flat, stumbling just a bit with the alcohol fogging the edges of his brain, she was on him, pupils completely blown, her lips latching to his neck as her hand palmed at his soft cock through the denim of his jeans, trying to spring it to life on her post case high, needing to channel it into their usual rough and blissful sex, where he would whisper ‘you’re brilliant’ and she’d rattle off poetic nonsense of him being her beam of light in a darkening worldBut today was differentHe turned his head, denying her the kiss she moved to seek, and pushed her back; harder than he intended in his drunken haze, and she stumbled a bit, surprise on her face for a fraction of a second before she controlled her expression“You’re angry”“You’re bloody right I’m angry” he responded, his tone so harsh it cut the air and he almost flinched at the ice in his own wordsShe didn’t bat an eye“John, how often do you intend to have this conver-”“As many times as fucking necessary to get it through your stubborn head!” he yelled, his fists balling at his sides “You can’t keep doing that, Sherlock!”“Am I supposed to let a murderer get away? I was in pursuit and I followed”“Into the bottom of the Thymes! I thought you were-” his voice broke, and he blinked his eyes rapidly because he was NOT about to cry in front of her. But the memories of his frantic search, his voice raw from crying out her name to black waters and Lestrade’s barked orders for a dive team were so fresh in his mind, leaving him on the verge of breaking down in wrenching sobs for the second time that dayShe jumped, jumped from the bridge after a the suicidal man that had killed his wife, her only intention on keeping him from getting off as easily as taking his own life, and dove right after him, under the waters and out of sight for almost an entire hourAn hour of not knowing if she had survived, an hour were every second felt like years and minutes like centuriesWhen he saw she was alright he felt such overwhelming relief his leg buckled out from under him and sent him crashing down onto the muddy bank on his kneesShe looked his way from where she was straddling the man’s back and smiled, and in that moment he felt such hot white fury built in him because how DARE she grin? How dare she do that to him? Risk her life for the sake of closing a case.He supposed he shouldn’t be surprised with the kind of self-preservation she’d shown in the past but he still couldn’t believe her complete lack of care, her indifference towards her own safetyHe’d gone straight for a pub right then, ignoring his muddied pants and shoes, his caked on hair and stained jumper; he just really, really needed a drinkAnd there they were, her having the damn nerve to look completely put upon by his emotional state, as if the only thing on her mind was getting off and his distress wasn’t helping her arousalShe stepped forward and placed her hands firmly on his shoulders, holding to keep him from shrugging her off“I’m fine, John”“Shut up, Sherlock. I don’t need coddling”“John” she repeated, ducking her head to meet his downcast eyes and there it was again, his blinding fury coming up and swallowing him whole as she looked at him like he was the one being completely insane, like he was the one with no sense“John”He moved, arms snapping up and gripping her forearms hard enough to leave bruises as he switched their positions, pushing her against the wall and crashing his mouth against hers. He swallowed the startled yelp that left her at the sudden movement and twinge of pain she hadn’t expectedShe pulled away with a gasp, and his teeth sunk into her neck, cruelly biting were he’d only kissed tenderly before“You’ve been drinking” she half said, half groaned as her hands fisted tightly in his dirty jumper, feeling his teeth digging in in a way that both hurt and yet felt wonderful, excitement pooling in her stomach“Shut up” he responded harshly, puncturing his words with another bite“Perhaps in your emotional state, it’s best to-”“Shut up!” His tone was strict, a command that was barked out in his captain voiceHe kissed her again, effectively silencing her as his right hand yanked at her nightshirt, causing two buttons to pop and roll onto the floor, his left hand running down the length of her shoulder to her arm, wrist, then digging his thumb into the pulse point there, feeling it drum wildly under his touchShe was aliveAnd he could say that for certain now when he didn’t have the same privilege a few hours priorBut he needed more, more proof, more physical touch to reassure the dark corners of his mind and calm his subconsciousHe needed to feel every last bit of her to know she was real“John…” She moaned when he licked the pulse point of her neck where his teeth had been a few moments before, but that wouldn’t do, when she said his name, spoke at all, the anger in the pit of his stomach grew, and he growled into her skin, pulling down her pajama bottoms and pants all in one smooth motion, and they pooled around her ankles as he curved his hand behind her knee, pulling her leg up and to her stomach, hooking it over his good shoulder. The frantic sound of his fly being undone punctured the air otherwise filled with their heavy breathing, and he pulled himself out from within the confines of his jeans, pushing in rather roughly, and groaned when her body accepted him easily.She clawed wood of the door behind her at the unusual violence of his thrusts, uneven and almost animalistic as he grunted into her neck and covered her mouth with his hand, keeping her from saying anything at all, his other leaving her leg to fist into her hair, not pulling, but controlling all the sameShe squeezed her eyes shut and let him do as he wished because this was NEWIt wasn’t as if John had never been cross with her, but now he had a new way of expressing his anger, letting out his frustration, and she rather liked it, the underline desperation of his movements like he had an uncontrollable need to claim her, to take her over and over until his anxiety fadedBut the alcohol was wearing his stamina and far too quickly did he have the sense to pull out, his cum spraying over her nightshirt as he trembled, wordless cry leaving his lips and resting his forehead against her silk-clad shoulderAfter almost a minute of heavy breathing he pushed back once again, refusing to look at her as he stomped his way up the stairs and slammed the door shut behind him



Chapter End Notes
I'm at 2k for NaNoWriMo so I'm short about 2k... but I'm getting there?If you're interested in reading my original work, message me on my Tumblr for the Google Doc linkAnyways, comment if you like the story thus far, I love reading what you have to say


News
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes
Wassup y'all, sorry for the wait, here's the next chapterIt's short, so apologies, but we've officially hit the place where Parent!Lock will become a thing, so if you're no interested in that, or if pregnancy gives you the heebyjeebies, I advice you stop reading from here on out

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




She supposed it was to be expected. After all, condoms weren’t always available during some of their heated moments and it hardly slowed either down, John too caught up in the moment and the thrill of going unprotected sending chills up her spine, giving it an extra edge that always brought her off sooner, a danger they both seemed attracted toBirth control was never something she regularly practiced, and the pullout method was hardly scientific; combined with her high fertility inherited from her grandmother, who had 12 kids of her own. She cursed her own stupidity on the matter, a complete disregard for the consequences of her actions, though it was hardly outside of her characterHands placed on the porcelain sink of the yard’s bathroom; she stared at her own reflection in the well-worn mirror.The rumor that pregnant women gave out a light of their own was proving to not be as false as she once had thought. It seemed the rush of extra estragon was doing wonders for her complexion; she no longer looked like she was on the verge of fainting, but had her own healthy glow, though John, for all his good traits, was about as observant as a doorknob, and hadn’t seemed to pick up on the subtle changes in her.Once again, she looked down at the little stick in her hand, reading it’s plus sign over and over again, it wasn’t that she didn’t believe it, of course she was pregnant, that much was so obvious she may as well be wearing a neon sign. What she didn’t understand was the fluttering in her stomach that had nothing to do with the baby currently forming, or the racing of her heart, the sweat building in her palms, and the restless energy she never felt during a case as interesting as the current one Lestrade had presented her withThen raised the question on whether or not she should keep it. Surely, someone in her situation wasn’t fit to raise a child, and if she went through with the pregnancy, John would never let her drop it off at Mycroft’s and let him deal with it. But, on the other hand, she was healthy, and carried desirable traits that would best be passed down to the next generationYet, would it get in the way of work? Certainly John wouldn’t want her to stay at home to raise it, she’d go mad with boredom. Was it possible for him to stay behind? He seemed like the man that would want at least one parent home to look after the child’s welfare. 
Perhaps Ms. Hudson…
The thought was cut short by the opening of the restroom door, and Sherlock smoothly slipped the test into the wrapping of a tampon, disposing of it in a nearby bin just in time to see Donovan coming in, looking flustered the second she saw Sherlock.“What are you doing here, Freak?”“It is a restroom, I’ll let you deduce the answer” She answered evenly, slipping her gloves back on, straightening her coat before flickering her gaze over the woman in front of her “Not the best choice for a public hook up, but I suppose that makes no difference to you, now, does it?” She smirked, “Secluded from the rest, I should have expected this is where you meet Anderson during work hours. I’ll take my leave now” As she made her way out, sure enough Anderson was there, waiting for Sally to give the ‘all clear’ before heading inJohn was waiting as well, leaned back against the wall and idly playing with his knit jumper, before looking up and giving her a grin“Ready?”“Let’s go catch our murderer”



Chapter End Notes
I'll try to update maybe two or so days from now, but no promisesIn reality, I get busy with doctors and shit, and my daughter's birthday is in less than a month so planning her party is also stressful..But, I'll still make the effort to updateIf you're interested in reading my original work, message me on my Tumblr for the Google Doc linkAnyways, comment if you like the story thus far, I love reading what you have to say


Decisions
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes
Tw: mentions of abortion

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Sherlock Holmes was rudely awakened from within her mind palace by Ms. Hudson’s cheery voice and the all too familiar sound of an umbrella being casually tapped on the floorboards below“Mycroft” she wrinkled her nose, not bothering to move an inch even as footsteps could be heard climbing the stairs to her flat and her landlady’s voice cut through the door“Whoo hoo, Sherlock dear, are you decent?” Her only response was a hum, which Ms. Hudson recognized as a yes and opened the doorThe second it closed after Mycroft walked in, the older sibling got right to the point, rare as it was for him to not talk around the issue until Sherlock wanted to claw out her eardrums“You have found yourself in quiet the predicament, dear sister” he started, the handle of his umbrella gripped tighter than usual in his hand, the only tell sign of his emotionsAnger, or disappointment, perhaps an even mix of the twoShe didn’t reply, simply draped her arm over her eyes to display just how eager she was to talk to him, how much his opinion mattered“It was only a matter of time before your impulsive and irresponsible behavior had life altering consequences…There is no simple solution to this” he waved his hand in her direction, specifically, her stomach“What do you want, Mycroft?” she growled, lip curling back like a cat’s hissNausea, headache, and randomly swelling feet had not put her in the best of moods, and the last thing she needed was her brother poking into her most private affairs. Even he had never crossed the line of discussing her sexual choices, a wall between siblings that he was reasonable enough to respectUntil now, it seemed“Have you told the father the joyous news?”“You know the answer to that”Silence. She cracked one eye open to read her brother’s expression, surprised to find concern there, not forced or faked, nor placed there for appearances, but pure, plain, and simple
‘Of course I worry’
He already knew the decision Sherlock had come to, it seemed; he probably knew the answer even before she spent hours analyzing every possible scenario and choice she could make on the matter“Do you believe Dr. Watson is the kind of man to stand idly by while you end a life before it begins?”“He wouldn’t know”“He would find out” I’ll be sure of itHe didn’t have to say the last bit, it lingered at the end of his sentence all the same, causing her to move, bolting upright and openly snarling in his direction“Fuck off” curt, vulgar, and she enjoyed the wrinkling of Mycroft’s nose at such crude language she so rarely used, never pointed in his direction unless with necessity to convey overwhelming emotions.A response no better fit than in that momentBut she couldn’t argue that he wasn’t right. John would love any child of his, regardless of the mother to whom it was born or the circumstances in which it was conceived, dangerous sentiment that tied Sherlock’s hands and decided her fate the second that damn stick turned positiveKeep it and lose her life, or terminate it and lose John“Dr. Watson is a forgiving man, Sherlock, but it would not be wise to test his limits.” And with that, the smug bastard left, leaving her frustrated and confused. Having to go over her decision once again and factoring in the new variable, exactly has he planned his visit to go, no doubt.Sadistic arse



Chapter End Notes
I don't know the English or how they treat abortion, but in America it's still pretty controversial, so if this doesn't make sense to those overseas, my bad, igIf you're interested in reading my original work, message me on my Tumblr for the Google Doc linkAnyways, comment if you like the story thus far, I love reading what you have to say


The Announcement
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Looking back, it probably would’ve been a better idea to tell him somewhere else, somewhere more…romantic. And while the delivery of the news didn’t seem to matter much to her, she wished she would’ve taken into consideration John’s draw towards sentiment. In her defense, though, it wasn’t exactly a planned event, just a statement of facts to not stir commotion at a crime scene and seemingly having the opposite effect (honestly, emotions were NOT her area), either way, she regretted it.___ It was cold outside, as fall days in London often were; fresh rain ruining most of the crime scene and leaving little evidence in it’s wake; still, she circled, long and proud movements as her eyes took in all the little details otherwise left unnoticed, before crouching down directly in front of the man’s body, rattling off deductions faster than Lestrade seemed capable of writing down, never bothering to slow and let others keep up“Repair man, works exclusively in motels. Look for a middle-aged man, overweight…” She paused only to use a nearby stick to lift the flab of the dead man’s coat “His Manager, he was to be fired, things got physical. Accidental death” she finished smoothly, pulling off her gloves to shove them in her coat as she stoodThe sudden movement didn’t seem to sit well with her, however, and a wave of nausea hit her unexpectedly, causing her body to sway lightly, and she clamped her lips shut at the taste of bile rising up in her throatOf course, now John chose to be observant, by her side in a matter of seconds with a steady hand on her elbow“You alright?” He asked, concern seeping into his tone“Yes, fine, fine…” Sherlock answered with a dismissive wave of her hand, though the lie fell flat when she turned abruptly, facing as much away from the body as she could manage and expelling the toast and tea John had forced her to eat that morning onto the cold floorDonovan made a sound of disgust, wrinkling her tan nose “What’s wrong with the freak now?”“Sherlock?” John’s strong hands pulled back her hair, keeping it from soiling should she need to vomit again, his fingers brushing over her cheeks to check for a possible fever, alarm woven in his touch “I said I’m fine” She denied, batting away his hands to place her own to her forehead, a gesture that spoke volumes of her annoyance as she pinched the bridge of her nose between her thumb and index finger.Betrayed by her own body, yet again“Maybe you should go home for the day” Lestrade suggested, his eyes looking towards the mess Sherlock made so close to the body with a look of poorly veiled disgust “The Flu’s been going around recently”“It’s just Morning Sickness, it’ll pass” she huffed, standing tall once again and shoving her hands in her pockets, confident stance for someone who was turning a shade just darker than the body on the floor“What?” They all asked in union, even Anderson turned to join the conversation, all puzzled expressions that reminded Sherlock why she was putting off telling anyone in the first place. If they only observed they would’ve noticed sooner. She’d been eating regularly, gone up a cup size, and put on at least 10 pounds in the past 2 months“You’re pregnant…?” John’s voice broke softly when she didn’t clarify, and it was his time to sway in his step, nearly falling over if Lestrade hadn’t caught him in time with a solid hand between his shoulder blades, his legs suddenly turned to jelly under him“Who’s the father?!” Sally asked, complete shock written all over her face, gaping as if the fact someone actually wanted to be with Sherlock was completely ludicrous. If he hadn’t been so stunned himself, John would’ve found her reaction insulting“John, of course” Sherlock sighed heavily, tucking unruly curls behind her ear, before turning back to Lestrade before anyone had a chance to react “I assume you’ll be able to take it from here?” without waiting for a reply, she turned on her heels, strutting off towards the main road to hail a cab “Come, John! I have experiments waiting back home!” She called over her shoulderThe good doctor took a few seconds to regain basic bodily functions such as breathing, sucking air greedily into his lungs, before following after her tall figure dumbly without sparing the surrounding shock so much as a passing glanceTunnel vision, as always



Chapter End Notes
NaNoWriMo is kicking my ass and I'm barely at at 8k lmao, so I'm updating instead of writing igIf you wanna read what I've got done so far, hmu on Tumblr for the Google Doc linkAnyways, comment if you like the story thus far, I love reading what you have to say


Trapped
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




After she announced her pregnancy so casually, it seemed to be all The Yard would talk about. Whispers and stares, more than usual, came their way whenever they went anywhere, and Lestrade was cutting back Sherlock’s consulting time to the point he just didn’t call her at all, worried about her and the unborn child she harboredJohn, after hours of temper tantrums and daylong sulks, finally managed to convince her of continuing the work from the comfort of their flat. He’d video chat, send photos, and write down detailed descriptions of the crime scene for Sherlock to inspect without lifting a fingerShe hated it, but agreed it was better than nothingCold case files stood in mini pillar sized stacks all over their flat, a fire hazard no doubt, and so far she’d solved an average of 5 cases a day, cases that had left Lestrade puzzled and at his wits end for months each__John, we’re out of milk –SH
Are there any more interesting cases open? –SH
This one is at most a 6 –SH
I normally wouldn’t have left the flat for this case –SH
Tea is more difficult to make than I had originally thought –SH
Loose-leaf tea is best -SH
Mints for the nausea are also needed –SH
The toaster caught fire –SH
Put new toaster on the shopping list -SH“Won’t leave you alone then?” Sally asked, peering over John’s shoulder as he read the most recent texts received, his phone chiming every other minute as while he was at the crime scene, taking in and writing down as much details as he could to bring home to Sherlock“She’s impatient.” John replied, shoving his mobile back into his trouser pocket “As always”It wasn’t anything new, of course, he dealt with the same behavior before, only now she had a reason to make him drop everything and come to her. Taking full control of his time, his social life, and just his life in general, becoming the sun in which he revolved aroundNot that he really minded“I never would have guessed it, that she was that kind of woman,” Donovan continued, her arms crossed and leaning her weight on one hipJohn looked back, having already gone off in his own thoughts on what else was needed to maintain Sherlock’s healthy diet, a shopping list halfway made in his mind“What?”“Trapping you like that. It’s so petty, but I guess I should’ve expected it, seems right up her alley, now, looking back.”“What are you talking about?”“Come on, now. You show interest in other women and suddenly she’s pregnant? I wouldn’t be surprised if she was lying about the whole thing.”“I’m a doctor, you know…I know pregnancy…” He sighed as another message tone rung, his fingers already working their way back into his pocket to read it“She’s also the one that gave you that obvious hickey after we talked, then?” she scoffed, shaking her head “I knew she was childish, but it’s going a bit far. Marking her property like she’s telling others not to play with her toys”“I’m not her toy.” His voice was the same volume but harsher than he intended, and the area around them grew quiet at the sudden change in tensionStanding as tall as he could, he shook his head with a sense of finality and turned towards Lestrade “I’ll be heading back. Can you send over copies of the files? I’m going to go pick up some things at the market for Sherlock” and with that he left, going down the stairs of the victims flat and slamming the door at the bottom hard enough to echo___When he reached Baker ST, he looked up, hesitating yet again before entering, wondering about the whole thing. Of course he knew the pregnancy was accidental, his own damn fault for not practicing the advice he told so many teenagers at the clinic, safe sex and all. But to hear his concern, about how Sherlock viewed him, was disconcerting, and he felt that cloud of doubt loom over his head, the same that formed when Mortiary compared him to a loyal dogHis fingers tightened around the plastic bags he held, clutching tighter than necessary as he slowly climbed the steps one at a timeWhen he opened the door he was greeted with the usual sight, Sherlock lying across the sofa, reading over a file and not bothering to look up to acknowledge him“John, good, you’re home. Did you get the toaster? I’m having another craving. It seems the child wants jammed toast and onions” she wrinkled her nose slightly “I don’t suppose you’ve purchased whipped cream by any chance? With Vinegar crisps”“I can’t keep feeding you junk food, Sherlock…” John sighed, heading towards the kitchen to drop off the bagsShe sighed and lowered the file, draping an arm over her eyes“But I need it! The cravings are worse than nicotine, and it’s not as if there is a patch for that sort of thing”He returned with crisps, handing her the can of whip cream and wrinkling his nose in disgust as she emptied it into the bag and began to eat“I’ll make the toast, then. How’s your weight coming along?”“Still gaining, nausea has subsided for now, but the pain has not”He put on the kettle to boil, removing the new toaster from the shopping bag and putting bread inside“What type of jam?”“Apple”“With onions…?”“As many slices as will fit”Yeah, Sherlock was definitely pregnant. Now the only question was, if he really had become her toyHe hated the idea of her not seeing him as anything more than a loyal dog to call upon, or a release of tension, but even if she did, he knew it wouldn’t change anything, it would hurt, and hell it already did just wondering, but he couldn’t see himself loving her any less, the feelings that wormed their way into his heart were taking root, and he was too far gone to turn back nowThe boiling of the kettle broke his thoughts, and he poured some of the water into a heat pack, making sure the temperature was fine before wrapping it in a thin washclothHe brought the makeshift sandwich and pad to the couch, placing the plate down onto the wooden coffee table“Here” he said, helping Sherlock move up slightly to press the warm pad to her lower back, “that should help the muscle pain” with that, he sat on the floor by her head, leaning back against the armrest, ignoring her obvious stare“Don’t try to analyze things, John, you’re lacking the proper skill level” Sherlock said after a pause, turning slightly so she laid on her side, back to the cushions and one arm draping off the sofa, hanging near his shoulder“Sorry?”“You’re aware of what I’m referring to, emotions may not be my area, but I am capable of reading yours” she said, “I know you well enough for that.”He didn’t reply, just continued to stare at the blank TV screen he hadn’t bothered to turn on“You shouldn’t believe any words spoken by people with a motive against me” she sighed, leaning forward a bit more and resting her forehead against his shoulder “Regardless of how others perceive us, surely you know how much worth you hold.” He felt her brows furrow, but he didn’t speak“As I expressed once before, John, you’re unique, a rare individual I hold to a higher esteem than the rest of the population, a conductor of light, and I couldn’t continue the Work as well as I do now were it not for you” “Ta”Reaching for the coffee table, he retrieved the remote, and allowed the flood of relief her words brought forth



Chapter End Notes
Funny how I make Donvon such a bad guy here and yet I've literally written Sherally smut before lmaoIf you wanna read what I've got done so far for NaNoWriMo, hmu on Tumblr for the Google Doc linkAnyways, comment if you like the story thus far, I love reading what you have to say


Fussing
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes
No joke, I totally forgot about this story and updating, only recently that I started networking did I remember I have a following here, so here's chapter 32, only a handful more to go

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




John was a caretaker by nature, and Sherlock never truly mindedSure, she’d make a show of how put upon she was whenever John forced her to eat something on a case before she passed out or chided her for doing something particularly dangerous, but if she were to be completely honest with herself (and she always made an effort to be brutally so) she’d admit that it was a nice change of pace to have someone worry about her just because they enjoyed her companyNot for cases, family ties, appearance, or whatever other excuse people seemed to find. It was just affection. Plain and simple from the moment they became flatmates She’d deal with all of it if it meant she’d keep that special warmth that always fluttered in her whenever John made her tea or draped a blanket over her still form when she was in her mind palace and didn’t notice the freezing air of the winter hitting her where she sprawled about the couch. She never voiced her appreciation, but it must have been obvious at that point, even John couldn’t be dense enough to assume that she would behave the way she does around him to just anyone. Still, even as much as she loved when he worried about her, it didn’t make dealing with how cranked up it had become over the last few months “Sherlock…should you really be…”She sighed, heavily, turning towards him“Stop it! You’ve been hovering over me for the past few weeks and it’s insufferable!” She yelled, her fingers slipping and smearing important blood samples together, effectively ruining her experiment “I can care for myself” she added angrily, dropping the now trash into the bin with enough force to echo through the kitchen and shatter the glass“It’s not just you anymore, Sherlock!” John replied harshly, crossing his arms with a look that spoke his refusal to back downShe sighed again, leaning back slightly in her chair to rest a single hand over the growing swell of her stomach, cursing slightly how NOTHING of either hers nor John’s worked to cover her skin completely, and it wasn’t as if she was about to something as mundane as shopping for maturity clothing. The peek of pale skin from her pajama bottoms and John’s oversized shirt taunting her with its existence“I’ve already given up the work, John, I can’t just lay around doing nothing”Something in her voice, a longing so clear, made John hunch his shoulders slightly. Eyes off to the side, lids half closed, furrowing of brows, before relaxing with a sign. Thoughts leading to a negative conclusion. Reconsidering letting her work didn’t seem to pass, then“I know…I know…I just… I worry.”“He’ll be fine.” She replied, purposely using her know-it-all tone to give John some comfort, if she was confident in something, he should be too “The constant movement gives it away”John gave a weak smile; his hand hesitantly hovering near, as if he still felt he needed to ask for permission to feel the child’s kicks even after all the places those hands had been on her before her pregnancy. She rolled her eyes, grabbing his wrist and yanking his hand so it rested on her stomachShe wore a mask of indifference as the soft kicking presumed, but she couldn’t stop the small smile that formed on the corners of her lips when John broke out into an astonished grin, like he’d never felt anything like it before, as if every time he felt it was for the first time, and he could never get tired of it“Has there been any word from Mycroft?” she asked after a few moments of silence, and John blinked a few times as if coming out from a daze“Yeah. He phoned earlier. Your parents decided against the baby shower”“Thank heavens, I can barely handle my family in my regular state, like this” she weaved a hand down at herself “If you thought our first trip was bad…”He groaned, “Don’t remind me”“I assume he convinced them that any stress on my part can result in complications to their grandchild, I doubt they would risk any danger to what will more than likely be their only one”“Isn’t that what you’re using to keep Mycroft out of the flat?” John asked with a quirk of his brow“It doesn’t make it any less true. The very thought of my brother raises my blood pressure” Sherlock said, and John laughed his hand remaining where it was for the better part of the evening



Chapter End Notes
So I offically gave up on NaNoWriMo, but I plan to start writing fanfic again, if any of y'all watch/like Naruto, Inuyasha, Fruits Basket, or AtLA, I plan to write a few one shots/fics revolving them, tho not sure if I should post them here or just onTumblrAnyways, comment if you like the story thus far, I love reading what you have to say


Delivery
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes
tw for delivery here

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




“Get him OUT!” Her cry echoed throughout the entire floor of the hospital as the vase of flowers John had bought her was flung across the room, smashing against the door with impressive force, nearly hitting it’s target and shattering instantly“Sherlock, calm down…” John pleaded, the fingers clutched within her grasp turning white from lack of blood flow, and he worried vaguely they’d lose half their function by the end of the day“I don’t want him here!” Sherlock spat out, pointing her free hand towards the door and speaking through clenched teeth, her eyebrows furrowing as more and more sweat built on her browMycroft’s response was the tapping of his umbrella and a half amused smile on his lips“Do you plan to keep my nephew from me?”“I’m in LABOR, Mycroft!” “I was present when Mummy gave birth to you, I find it fitting to attend the next Holmes’ birth as well”“A Holmes isn’t being born today!” Sherlock hissed in responseShe clenched her teeth so hard she was surprised she didn’t break them when another contraction hit her, causing her to lean forward on the hospital bed, gripping the railing and John’s hand so tight her knuckles lost all colorMycroft stared idly her direction; his face completely expressionless, though John picked up on even more tension in his shoulders than regular, his stance too stiff and a look in his eyes that he hadn’t seen beforeIt was obvious his excuse was half assed at best, the only reason he cleared the hospital floor and flooded it with the best maternity doctors in all of England was because he was worried about Sherlock, afraid of anything and everything that could possibly go wrong  John knew that feeling all too well“Mycroft, maybe you should wait outside” John suggested, using his free left hand to wipe at Sherlock’s brow and neck with a towel“I don’t want him in this hospital! Better yet, send him out of London! Why hasn’t anyone kicked him out yet?!”The fact Sherlock hadn’t realized the staff had been replaced with Mycroft’s was just an indication on how much pain she was in, too much to even focus on basic deductionsJohn nodded his head towards the door when Sherlock squeezed her eyes shut at the next contraction, a subtle gesture, but firm in it’s own way, a request that wasn’t to be ignored‘Leave us’“Sherlock, you’re fine, you’ll be fine” John whispered sweet nothings over and over as the time between the contractions decreased at a steady paceThe swarm of doctors monitoring every little thing to ensure a safe birth, Sherlock’s cries of agony, the biting pain of her strong hand squeezing his, and the beeping of machines became a blur of worry and sweat, until finally, John heard what he swore was the most beautiful sound in the worldHis baby’s healthy cryHis heart skipped a beat as he was carried away from Sherlock to be cleaned and immediately brought back, and Sherlock opened her arms to accept him graciouslyHe settled against her, yawning softly. The tuffs of dark black hair and pale skin reminded John so much of Sherlock, and he covered his mouth with his free hand to choke back the sob that threatened to leave him“Hamish.” Sherlock spoke softly, but with purpose, releasing John’s hand to caress the baby’s closed fist with her long index fingerImmediately the child clung to it, though kept his eyes closed“…Sorry?” John eyes tore away from the child with some effort to look at her, his eyebrow raised“Your middle name is Hamish.” She spoke quietly, her eyes never leaving the baby’s face “Or perhaps you prefer John…I hadn’t prepared a name ahead of time.” She confessed with a slight smile, half expecting John to be annoyed“You…you want to name him after me…?”“Well, you are the father”He stared at her for what felt like forever, unable to move, or speak, or even breath it seemed, too entranced by the sight of Sherlock holding her baby, THEIR baby“J-John…” He cleared his throat, attempting to keep it from the squeak it was turning into “John is fine…”She gave a soft smile, one so rarely seen and never shown to anyone other than him“Hmm…yes…John is perfect”



Chapter End Notes
Okay so I recently picked up all my old fanfics I abanaded back in 2014, but literally like.. none of it is Sherlock, it's all nerd shit like Harvest Moon, Teen Titans, AtLA, and Naruto, if any of y'all wanna read them, I posted a few here and the rest are on my old FF account, I go by FFK there, too, since it's like my brand I can't get rid of, even tho I've moved onto a different handle (StonerBrujx or just Brujx) I plan on updating every other Saturday, but since I already finished this story, I'm just gonna update whenever I get a chance to use a computer, since updating on the Ao3 app sucks ass


Home Coming
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes
This fic only has a handful of chapters left...

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




John Hamish Watson Jr.The name written on the band around the child’s wrist was bold and proud, a constant proof that this was real, he was real, the baby held in John’s strong arms was hisSherlock, it seemed, was catching up on years of neglected sleep, the process as exhausting as it was seemed to completely drain her of energy, leaving John to rock the newborn in his arms softly and gently, a soft repetitive hum of a song that his mother used to sing was gently lulling the baby to sleepThe knock on the door snapped him out of his thoughts, and immediately, he looked towards Sherlock, whom to his surprise was already awake, running her hands through her tangled hair, cheeks still flushed from birth and skin radiating life and health and John couldn’t help but think she looked more beautiful right then than any other time he’d seen her“We have visitors” she gestured towards the door“O-Oh, right”He handed Junior over almost reluctantly, before heading towards the hospital door and opening it“Whoo hoo” Ms. Hudson entered, smiling brightly while holding what could only be loads of food Sherlock probably would have to be forced to eat “Hope we’re not interrupting”“We?”Shortly followed by her was Lestrade, looking a little flustered and uncomfortable, and John wondered if he was embarrassed about seeing the all mighty Sherlock in a very human lightMycroft came in last, almost hesitantly, the drama of delivery seeming to shake his confidence just a bit, as it should, seeing as how Sherlock nearly hit him with a glass vase“Oh, he’s just darling! May I?” Ms. Hudson fused, shoving the pot of food into John’s arms and heading towards Sherlock’s side“Of course” Sherlock replied, transferring the child over to their landlady before turning her attention towards her brother“Have your drones decided when I’ll be discharged?”“By today if all goes well” Mycroft replied, craning his neck just slightly towards his nephew, a subtle gesture, as if he was afraid to be caught being curious about his own flesh and blood.Ms. Hudson picked up on it immediately, and carefully hurried to his side, offering Junior up with a slight extending of her armsMycroft looked towards the child with a sheepish expression, softly shaking his head“No, thank you, Ms. Hudson” He looked extremely uncomfortable, and John held back a laughSeemed children were not his strong suit“Good. Surely he’d become obese should he spend any time with his uncle” Sherlock commentedBefore Mycroft could reply to that, she turned towards Lestrade“Are there any open cases? Preferably the interesting ones, but I would take any at this point”“Sherlock!” John huffed, turning towards her with a look of disbelief “You just had a baby!”“Yes, and the conditions were that I was to not work while pregnant, but seeing as I no longer am, I fully intend to continue my work at Scotland Yard”A heavy sigh and a hand through his hair showed Sherlock just how frustrated with her John was already becoming, and she feared the conversation she was dreading was at hand“Who’s going to watch Junior?”“Well, you can remain at the flat if you’re so inclined”“The first year is one of the most crucial, you can’t just leave him in a crib while you run off to god knows where”“I will not become a home maker, John”Her voice was solid, and the air grew still, Lestrade and Ms. Hudson looking around awkwardly, and Mycroft’s face was not surprised, like he expected this issue to come up just as much as his sister.Sherlock was just surprised John himself didn’t realize“I…could watch after him…whenever you have cases, dearies.” Ms. Hudson tried, giving an awkward attempt at a comforting smile“Hmm, see, it all works out then. Did you bring any case files with you, Lestrade?”“Not on me…but…”She kept her eyes on the DI, deducing his past week –divorce papers filed but not yet sighed, slept in his office the past four days, nicked himself shaving when twitching with too much coffee, here to avoid the pile of cases on his desk- in an attempt to distract herself from John’s face, the pinching of the bridge of his nose between his fingers, the furrowing of his eyebrows, the subtle shaking of his headThe fact he dropped the topic and didn’t press it meant he’d given up, but his body language practically screamed to her how disappointed he wasBut this wasn’t something she could let upShe didn’t want to grow to resent their child, to see John Jr. as something holding her back instead of the family he was



Chapter End Notes
Again, I'll be updating as often as I can, since writing/updating/networking was part of my New Year's Resolutions, so yay?I'm also writing other Non Sherlock fics since I decided to pick up some abandoned ficsI won't be picking up any of my Sherlock fics, tho, sorry y'all, this is the only one I'll be finishing


'Home'
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




The flat was…tenseShe’d go on cases, John stubbornly refusing to join her, taking time off the surgery to spend every waking moment with his son within arms reach, even going as far as placing a baby monitor in a plastic bag to hang in the showerAnd though she didn’t care for what others thought of her, the whispers that followed among the officers whenever she entered the Yard made her jaw set tight, and her fingers curl into fistsWhat could they possibly know? Their brains weren’t a constant rush of restless energy; they didn’t need to be occupied every waking hour just to prevent themselves from slowly rotting away. She couldn’t just drop her life to make a home and breastfeed an infant, and the domesticity John craved was something she could never offer him“How’s your son?” Donovan’s voice cut off the detective’s train of thought, her glove hand running over the dust trail left on the window panel“Alive” Her response was curt, much more harsh than usual. Her annoyance having reached its peek about an hour ago was ready to be directed at anyone who spoke of anything but work“Is John with him?” she continued, and Sherlock sighed heavily “Obviously” she rolled her eyes, before narrowing her attention to the collection of dust on her fingers“That’s good, seeing as you’re here, and not there. At least John car-”“It was the mistress who he hired on as a maid” Sherlock interrupted, completely ignoring Sally “The build up of dust here suggests their affair stayed inclusively in this office, an argument surrounding his marriage broke out, resulting in his death. Though, it would appear” she bent down, sweeping her gaze over his body once more “it was self defense, the gun a weapon of opportunity, unregistered, but his. He came at her, she struggled with this drawer,” she pointed at the desk drawer, the slight scuff marks from frantic fingernails craved into the wood “pulled the gun free and shot him twice”With that, Sherlock turned, not bothering to pay any mind as she went for the exist, what appeared to everyone as normal and controlled was slightly hurried, her pace quicker than usual She found herself doing this, every time a case ended within a few hours, trying to get home as soon as possible only to have John glance in her direction before ignoring her the rest of the day, the ‘silent treatment’ having gone on for over a month now was no stranger to her, and there was no way of John knowing she was rushing through the work, she was so desperate to do just to arrive at the flat early, to spend the rest of the day with a crying infant and his passive aggressive fatherShe could never offer him normal, she could never become a homemaker, cooking, cleaning, and raising a child while John worked at the surgery and came home tired and blissful.She needed puzzles, the chases, the games that played out so well in her head and occupied her time and mind better than anythingWhat other choice did she have? Drugs to offer relief for an instant as the needle dug into her flesh and the release pumped through her veins? So short lived and so destructive, yet besides the work, it was the only thing she could do to just STOP When she arrived at Baker St, she began unbuttoning her top, not bothering to announce her presences to someone who seemed indifferent to itHer mind working over time to find a way to just FIX THIS, fix what they had, what they were before the test showed positive and threw them into parental responsibility she was clearly not ready for, nor ever would beOnce back in a comforting tank top and pajama bottoms, she reemerged from her room, tying her hair in a loose ponytail to keep it in place“How is he?” She asked“Sleeping.” John repliedSilenceBut nowhere near what it used to be, what was comfortable before was now awkward and thick, deafening and pulling at her heart in ways she didn’t know were possibleHow was it that this was one of those rare moments that crawled under her skin and dug into her nerves?Guilt, she realized, was the main emotion of the monthGuilt and hopelessnessTwo things that had no place in Sherlock’s mindShe sighed, and headed back into her roomWhat else was there to do? She needed to think, find a way to compromise; offer what John thinks he needs and what she’s willing to giveThere had to be a way________John couldn’t face herAnd every time he did, it torn at himThe child held so carefully in his arms had his name, his blood, but he looked almost exactly like Sherlock, from the tuffs of curling thin brown black hair to the piercing gray of his eyes, pale and beautiful and not a trace of his father on himEvery time she arrived back at the flat from work, he felt a ping of happiness, like she was returning to him and their family, a sort of domestic bliss, only to be squashed down by the guilt of allowing himself such a childish fantasy
‘While I’m flattered by your interest…’
Married to her work, that much was obvious, now more than ever. Sure, they’d shagged nine ways to Sunday but emotions were never part of that deal, a release of tension and stress, and a completely different kind of high to seek during her fits of boredom, something to occupy her time and mind while he crumbled to bits every time she touched himAdding a child, giving birth to a new life, a new addition to their flat and their lives, didn’t seem to phase her like he realized he’d hoped for since he found out she was pregnantAs if having a son born from their actions would change anything, she would suddenly realize she had a heart, she wanted something outside of endless puzzles of mutilated bodiesShe couldn’t have made it clearer that nothing was different at the hospital, and in the month they’d be home, she hadn’t so much as held their child outside of feedingsIf it were up to her, he realized, she’d have handed their child off to Ms. Hudson or someone, anyone, else who was willing to take him, just to allow her to continue her bloody workNo, that was wrong, he couldn’t grow to resent her for his mistakes, after all, he was being foolish. He couldn’t just be some regular bloke and keep sex and love in separate, neat little boxes. One for fun, one for later, when he was ready and well off and with someone who actually shared the same dreams as he didBut, what was his dream? He couldn’t imagine coming home from work to find Sherlock baking cakes, the very idea scared him shitless, but, he didn’t mind having a babysitter, someone to watch the child for a few hours during the course of a strong case, allowing Sherlock all the freedom she craved but a home and a family to come back to; a thrill and a sense of security when she needed itAfter all, that’s what he’d become for her in the two years he’d known her, right? A blanket to wrap herself in during moments where the world wasn’t allowed to see what she chose to hide, and so she hid, behind closed doors and only in his presence was any vulnerability allowed to be seen, only in his arms did she sleep, trusting and relaxedHe wanted to be that for her, forever



Chapter End Notes
Look at me, actually doing my update, if a lil late, but still technically the second Saturday (it's 11:25pm where I am), so yayOnly a handful of chapters to go


Proposal
Chapter by FallingForKonoha
Chapter Notes
I'm shit I know but here's the next chapter, sorry it's so late

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




“What?” John froze, hand stilled over the strap of junior’s diaperHe stared, wide eyed at Sherlock, who remained unmoving across the couch, fingers pressed together under her chinShe sighed, annoyed. “I said, perhaps we should wed”He blinked a few times“I’m sorry, one more time?”“Do pay attention John, you know how I hate to repeat myself. Your focus has dulled significantly since we’ve added a new occupant to our flat, the lack of cases has slowed you”John, finally having his brain catch up with him, finished changing junior’s diaper, lifting him up to rest him with his head on his broad shoulder, and rocking softly“You want to get married.” “Seems appropriate, considering the circumstances.”He walked over to her, and instantly she moved her legs, allowing him to sit at the end of the couch“Marriage isn’t something you should do because of whatever situation you’re in, Sherlock”“On the contrary, it wasn’t into recently that marriages shifted from convenience to sentiment.”“Love. Sherlock”“Same thing” she said, with a dismissive wave of her hand, and John just sighed“That’s not the point. You should marry someone you love, not just someone who got you pregnant”“You kn-”“I swear Sherlock, if you say you’re sociopath one more time I will walk out that door right now” he warned, hunching his shouldersShe huffed, sitting up and crossing her arms, her long legs tucking beneath her, thin and lanky on the narrow space“Not what I was going to say, but thank you for the empty threat”“It wasn’t empty”“Regardless, what I was trying to express is the two are one in the same for me. And it’s obvious that you love me” she looked at him, though her tone strong and confident her eyes holding a sense of uneasy “or am I wrong?”His cheeks lit up, and he looked away, coughing to clear his throat and instantly regretting that choice when junior began to cry after jotting awake“That obvious then?” he blushed, shifting the way he held the infant to cradle him in his arms“You’re hardly a difficult man to read”“Hmm…” John hummed, rocking his son and keeping his eyes on the slowly resting face “You shouldn’t feel obligated, you know…just because I…I mean…I wouldn’t mind…I could handle it…” If you left…The words were harder to say than he imagined, even with practice, the speech where he told her she wasn’t tied down, where she could leave him behind like she always did, only this time he wouldn’t follow, if that’s what she wanted“Don’t be silly John. Of course if I were to marry anyone, it’d be you. Can you honestly see me with anyone else?”He didn’t reply to that, mostly because he didn’t know howSo she shifted, swinging legs off the couch, leaning her head on his shoulder and touching a finger to their baby’s closed fist“You don’t just tolerate me. You actually enjoy my company and not for anything in return. You follow me into danger wherever it may be, and you never once doubted my abilities, nor wished I were a different person.”Again, he didn’t say a word, didn’t breathe, for fear that if he so much as moved, the moment would shatter“I’m not telling you to propose to me out of obligation, I’m the one asking for your hand”“You’re…asking me… That’s not how it usually works” John cracked a small smile as her words slowly sunk in“Hmm…yes, but when have we ever been usual?”



Chapter End Notes
Sorry it's so short, I'll try to update again sooner rather than later, but I've been kinda busy running my online stores and shit to raise money since I'm gonna be moving soon (by soon I mean a year but never to early to start saving)I'm never on here so hmu on my Tumblr if you wanna get in contact with me


Invitations
Chapter by Brujx (FallingForKonoha)
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“We still have to send out all the inventions, there are a lot of people we need to text, write, phone” John said as he hurried along her side, trying to keep up with her brutal pace as she took advantage of her seemingly endless legs to go much faster than a casual walk for himShe reached into his jeans pocket with ease, pulling out his mobile, pressing a few buttons before showing him the sent messages, the top of which was to Mycroft‘EngagedInform necessary partiesHave rings sent to 221b’-SH’“When did you…?”“Last night, after you accepted my proposal, that takes care of immediate family, including your sister”John sighed, but followed herThey walked onwards for a few more minutes, and he took the time to admire the gleam in her eyes, long lost since her pregnancy and she had to stop working, unable to have seen it first hand, Sherlock in her most basic element, like watching an artist lift a brush, the promise of the crime scene left her moving gracefully, and he had the strongest urge to pull her into a nearby alley and have at it, to hell with the Work, but he couldn’t stop her, not now at leastThe game was onFinally, they arrived, and she lifted the crime tape to allow him under before ducking in afterHe shook his head and started again “We still have a lot to pla-”“Mycroft has hired a Wedding Planner who will contact us via text should she need any information, which is unlikely seeing as my brother will be providing it” she adjusted her scarf “Really, John, our first case together in over half a year and this is all you have to talk about?”“It’s our wedding, Sherlock” He said defensivelyShe gave a dramatic sigh, before entering the victim’s home, her head held high, and instantly, as always, all eyes fell to her, and it was as if she had never leftShe waited patiently, rare enough, standing in the middle of the room by the body until she had everyone’s attention“John and I are to be wed, date pending, should you matter at all you’ll receive further details via email” She said with a tone of complete indifference, turning back towards John, who was turning a soft shade of pink, and rolling her eyes “There, now they know”“You’re getting married?” a nameless officer asked“Was I speaking too quickly for the lot of you?”“Uh…Congrats Mate” Lestrade said with a vague gesture towards John, who seemed frozen in place, still staring at Sherlock, because, really, leave it to the consulting detective to announce such an important event with the same voice used to read out an ingredients label“Great, now can we PLEASE get back to the case? This one is actually an 8”



Chapter End Notes
I'll update as soon as I have a chance, sorry I kept y'all waiting


Harriet



“I still don’t see how any of this is necessary.”“Oh, hush, dear, you only get married once!” Ms. Hudson shook her head, her hands smoothing out the wrinkles in Sherlock’s veil“I know plenty of people who would disagree with that statement” Sherlock replied, rolling her perfectly lined eyes“Love like this only comes once in a life time, Sherlock.” She countered, “Now quiet down! This matters to John”“Obviously, which is the only reason I agreed to such ridiculous customs.”If it was up to her, she’d just sighed a marriage license, no hassle, no guests, or church, or ridiculous looking attires. Just her and John, as it should be.But, of course, John, being as sentimental and surprisingly average at times, wanted something traditional, with the tux, and the dress, and the photographer capturing every awkward and forced moment; with food, and family, and ‘friends’; crowds of people, loud and obnoxious, and everything she dreaded in life topped with a lacy bow.“At your brother’s expense, I’d have thought you’d gone all out”Sherlock smirked at that.“This is as ‘all out’ as I’m capable of.” She said, gesturing down at the figure flattering lace dress,  simple yet with a calming and gentle complexity in it’s design, something fitting of John, she thought, more than her. He’d enjoy it“Um, hello…I don’t think we’ve met”Sherlock and Ms. Hudson turned towards the quiet voice as a woman timidly opened the door, her face twisting in an awkward attempt at a friendly smileDarting her silver eyes over her figure, Sherlock would be lying to say she wasn’t surprised“Harriet, I presume. John was certain you wouldn’t come” Sherlock said, noticing how the woman was dying for a drink but holding herself back, probably because of the wedding and visit with her estranged brotherAttempting to mend family ties, but unable to do so because of her addiction“I read about you, on his blog I mean. Able to tell right away John was smitten” she smiled“It was fairly obvious” Sherlock replied with a fake smile of her own, one that anyone besides John would read as genuine.“I hear you have a son together.”“Yes, he just turned 3 months”“Maybe I can come by to visit…”“That would not be wise” Silence“What…?”“John invited you to this wedding out of courtesy, family rules and such, but seeing as you have yet to control your dependency” eyes running over her figure, “having had a few drinks every night for over the past two weeks, the only thing keeping you from alcohol today is the fear of the scent lingering on your person. Clean, neat, and proper, John would invite you in with open arms under the assumption you’ve sobered, as you intended, but would instantly be crushed to learn of your deception, something I would bring to his attention should you so much as think of lying about your sobriety.” She narrowed her eyes dangerously “Of course you’re his family, but that does not grant you the right to reenter his life as a destructive force. You will drag him down should you stay for more than the immediate ceremony.”She was quiet for a few seconds, blinking at the sudden change in tension of the room, the turn of the conversation“You can tell all that, just by looking at me?”“Of course.” She responded, turning back towards Ms. Hudson and extending her arm to allow her landlady to better adjust the white lace sleeve “I am Sherlock Holmes after all”She heard the sound of footsteps slowly receding, and was pleased to know the woman was gone by the time she turned aroundJohn may be angered should he find out, but Sherlock knew he’d thank her in the long runThere would always be times were their roles were reversed, and she was the to protect him, even something as seemingly small as this



Ms. Watson Part 2
Chapter by Brujx (FallingForKonoha)



The ceremony dragged onSherlock dreaded every minute of it as she waited patiently for the damned priest to just hurry up!Even after the ridiculous tradition of sealing the contract with a kiss and erupting applause from the crowd and a rather deep blush from John, it still wasn’t overThey sat through Mike’s rather embarrassing best man speech on how introducing the two of them was entirely intentional, that he had known the entire time that this was where the two would end upThough it was a rather obvious lie, she still was grateful to the chain of events that lead to the two of them where they were, her in an uncomfortable dress and John practically glowing with happinessMost of the guests were John’s additional invites, even extending a hand towards some of the less obnoxious Yarders who sat and looked rather out of placeThe only people presenting for her were her parents, and Mycroft.Of course there were mutual guests such as Lestrade, Ms Hudson, and Molly (who she hadn’t be expecting at all, given the poor girls blatant feelings for her), it still was obvious who was the more popular of the two of themNot that didn’t matter much to SherlockOnly John matteredFinally, it was over, and Sherlock found herself feeling almost giddy at the idea of what it meant, though she knew their relationship wouldn't be changing much, the simple fact she now was legally tied to John, that he was tied to her had an eruption of butterflies dancing in her stomach that had no business being there, her heart pounding with almost uncontrolled emotions was very much not herBut, she knew, deep down, John was always the one that brought out the most unexpected reactions from her, her mind, her body, her whole being

Not that she minded, at least, not enough to want it to stop



Because those feelings, those emotions, while completely new and unusual and unpredictable, meant John really was her soulmate, a concept she had laughed at just a few years prior



He had changed everything



And she wouldn't have it any other way





Wedding Night
Chapter by Brujx (FallingForKonoha)
Chapter Notes
It's smut but it's also short because I had planned to write more and now I have writer's block so I can't fill it in, sorry



“No, Sherlock” John caught her hands as they frantically begun removing his tie, already undoing three buttons of the shirt underneathThe second they entered the hotel room, she cupping his face in her slender hands and kissed him with all she was worth, kicking the hotel door closed with her foot to give them the privacy they needed, but after enduring all that entire ceremony, she wanted nothing more than to strip off her dress and straddle her husband’s lap“What, John?” She asked harshly, pulling away with a half assed glare“Not like this” he said, his eyes closing for a second and he breathed in deeply, visibly trying to strengthen his willpower when his body was all for the idea of their usual rough and quick sex “I, I want to go slow” He confessed, his cheeks turning an adorable shade of pink she would appreciate more if it wasn’t for the fact she wanted to get off in that exact moment“Slow? Why in the world would you want that?”“Because” He breathed again, his eyes moving down her figure without shame, though it wasn’t lustful, but loving “You’re beautiful” he caressed her cheek, his smile soft and shy “And you’re my wife, now”It was clear from his expression that it was something important to him, and she sighed before giving a “Very well”He grinned, taking her hand in his and guiding her to their hotel bed, running his thumb over the stone on her finger“Sit” he said, and they both did at the edge of the bed, his hand once again cupping her cheek as he leaned inShe met him, parting her lips instantly, but he pulled away a fraction of inch “let me” he said softly, his lips closing over hers in soft movements, and after a few minutes she wondered if it was possible to gain more sensitivity over time because it felt different, not like when he’d kissed her before, where it was hot and passion and desire, but now she felt warm, felt treasured, felt loved, and a tremor ran up her spineFinally, his tongue traced her bottom lip, dipping in to play with hers in a way that felt sweeter than anything, and of all the lovers of the past, she never felt something quite like itIt truly hit her then that this was her HUSBAND, John Watson, perfect, complex, ever interesting John Watson, the man that limped into her life and changed everythingAnd she couldn’t wrap her mind around the thought that this man, the man that could have her anyway, anywhere, however he wanted, chose this, soft, slow kissing that was as teasing as it was loving, something no one had ever bothered to do before, expressing emotions and feelings she never thought would be directed at herHe loved her____“Sherlock…” He breathed, slipping his hands into hers, intertwining their fingers. Her legs wrapped around his body, heels digging into his lower back but he kept the same agonizingly slow pace, moving so slowly, teasingly, until she was writhing underneath him, panting and on the verge of beggingHis thrusts were deep, and she looked up at him with half lidded eyes, watching his face twist with pleasure as he drove in and out, his hips trembling every so often as he held himself back, trying to keep from slamming into her like he normally wouldThis was bad, it wasn’t good at all, because now she felt like she was on fire, parts in her starting to melt, ice she didn’t even know was there, was slowly thawing away with John’s warmth, his affection, his very bit of feeling he poured into each movement, and it was overwhelming, she blinked rapidly before squeezing her eyes shut at the unexpected tears building, having no place in what they were doing, yet she was hit with the strongest urge to cry, to weep with either joy or pent up painJohn was taking her apart more ways than one, and she didn’t know how to handle it“Shit” John mumbled his curse, furrowing his brow before resting it against her chin, and she bent down slightly to meet his lips, kissing him for all she was worth as the telltale signs of his climax began to show, his slight tremble, his quickening breath, his tightening fingersShe needed to take him apart before she fell to pieces herselfHer muscles flexed around him and he swore he saw stars, his self control giving away as he thrusts became rougher, harder, faster, and soon he was pounding into her, her name falling from his lips like worship and she dug her nails into the backs of his handsTogether, they found their release in eachother's embrace



Freckles
Chapter by Brujx (FallingForKonoha)
Chapter Notes
It's short

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





Before
John woke up from a familiar feeling; feminine fingers running their way down his chest and stomach, the lazy caresses of the after sex morning, sometimes leading to more, sometimes just a good snogging sessionHe let out a hum of appreciation and relaxed further into the touch, trying to remember who it was he shared his bed with last nightThen he did, no oneHis eyes snapped open in alarm, only to find his flatmate, fully clothed in one of her usual suits, straddling his waist, her arse only a few inches from his morning wood, looking as calm as ever as her eyes followed her fingers down his frameThere had to be a logical reason behind it, something stupid and outer-worldly that he would have never linked to it in a million yearsBecause Sherlock bloody Holmes was NOT feeling him up for her own enjoyment, she certainly WASN’T trying to cover him in gooseflesh as his stubborn cock twitched with every light feel of nails“Sherlock…” he cleared his throat “what are you doing?”She looked up at him, surprised, as if she hadn’t noticed he’d woken up“Oh, good, you’re awake. What’s your current weight and how often do you perform physical activities outside of the work and coitus?”“Sorry?”She sighed, her hands moving to trace his stomach and he instantly regretted every order of takeaway, flexing the muscles under her touch to seem a little less pudgy“The Work is very physically demanding, yet I have not seen you attempt to keep your muscle mass. It requires effort that you didn’t seem to have put in, I was simply checking for myself if you were in adequate shape to continue being of use to me, since you have that tedious habit of leaving the shower fully clothed, and there is only so much I can see under those hideous jumpers”“You’re checking…. And that’s why you broke into my room while I slept?”“Hardly” she rolled her eyes “your door was unlocked and it is well passed noon”“Not good. Boundaries, Sherlock”“Boring” she replied, “how else was I to collect my data? You surely would lie had I asked, to maintain some form of pride in your appearance, as if the physical aspects of one self are important at all”He stared at her for a few seconds, wondering why he let her bully her way into every part of his lifeGently, he took her hands, lifting them off his skin and pushing lightly on her shoulder“I work out plenty” he said, with a shake of his head “Now, get off Sherlock, I gotta piss” he lied evenly“Hmm” she responded, and did as he asked---
NowJohn felt a tickle of fingers on his skin and he cracked an eye open, taking in the sight of a naked genius running her hands over his chest“Checking muscle mass?” he asked playfully“Counting freckles,” she replied



Chapter End Notes
Glad y'all haven't gotten too upset with me about updating slowlyPls remember to leave comments, it helps remind me since I'm currently working on other fics


Victor Trevor
Chapter by Brujx (FallingForKonoha)
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“Have you ever had this” John asked, his fingers moving up and down her bare shoulder and side lazily, tracing her lean curves over and over“Had what, exactly?” she asked, her head resting on his good shoulder, feeling his heartbeat against her ear and drumming it softly against the curve of his neck with the hand that wasn’t in his“This” John responded, gesturing down to their joined hands, his left cupping over hers and the silver band around his ring finger shining in the hotel lighting“I’ve never had a husband, no” she replied, and he snorted“Not what I meant, you brat” he said teasingly, “I meant a relationship. You know, boyfriend, girlfriend, whatever” She moved, propping herself on her elbow to get a better view of his face “Why do you wish to know?”Something in her tone didn’t sit right with him, and he frowned “Just curious. You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to”She paused, her eyes taking on a far away look she got whenever she was thinking, going through different responses and their possible outcomesHe sighed and sunk back into the mattress after a minute ticked by, not expecting a response“There was one.” She replied after a period of silence, and he looked at her in interest, silently encouraging her to continue“Back when I attended the Uni. There was a young man, Victor” her face was one of remembering fond memories, before twisting just as quickly and his heart sunk slightly “It didn’t end well”“What happened?” He asked, the hand over hers tightening while the other moved up to weave into her curls“We had…different interests” she closed her eyes for a second, taking a breath as if to steady herself, and her next words came out a bit rushed, like they always did whenever she was unsure about a possible social queue she’d missed “Perhaps it was my own fault. Very rarely do young couples avoid intimacy. It was obvious any man that age would grow to expect it from a significant other and leave one unwilling, it was the social norm after a certain period of time to engage in such activates, after all”“He…” John paused, going over her words again in his mind to make sure he understood correctly “He dumped you because you didn’t want to sleep with him?”“There were plenty of other women interested in Victor, and my physical appeal only went so far. The difference in intelligence was rather vast, something he was prone to sulk about; as if it was my fault he wasn’t particularly bright”“What did you see in him?” he asked, confused. Not that he fancied himself anything special, but Sherlock had always expressed her distaste for anyone even slightly dim, and the idea of her dating someone who was actually sulking about being less intelligent than her…“He was nice…at first. Though was quick to become cruel when I expressed my disinterest in sex. I deduced his affair quickly but was unable to confront him. I was in love, or so I thought” she gave a small smile, “though now it’s obvious it was nothing more than a childish crush. It wasn’t until Mycroft stepped in that I opened my eyes to the kind of man Victor truly was”“What’d your brother do?”“Same thing he did with you. He offered him money in exchange for information on me. Though he wasn’t nearly as principled, he accepted, to which Mycroft made his detest very clear… I never heard from Victor again” “Christ” John said, staring off into nowhere as he sunk back onto the pillows, his mind reelingEven though being physical with Sherlock was mind blowing, amazing, the most fantastic sex he’d ever had, something he loved so very much, he knew deep down that if she didn’t want it, if she was only interested in what they were doing, soft cuddling, light kisses, sharing stories of pasts and running around London catching bad guys, he’d be okay with that. Because he was lucky enough to call this mad, crazed, unbelievable genius his, his wife, his partner, his whole damn worldHow anyone could cheat, lie, and betray Sherlock like that was beyond him, because they’d have to be a bloody idiot to not see her for the wonderful woman she is“What made you change your mind? About sex, I mean” he asked after another long moment of silence, and she removed her hand from under his, running a line up and down his chest with her fingers, tracing the line between his abs and pectorals “Curiosity, at first. But I’ve never truly been drawn to it, the whole process seems rather messy”“It kinda is” he laughed, gesturing to the mess of his and her wedding attire tossed about the hotel room floor, the sheets tangled and sweaty underneath them“Quite” she smiled, her fingers moving to his jaw, tracing and tilting his face towards hers with gentle pressure “though I find myself unable to contain the desire when I’m with you. It’s rather ridiculous the kind of libido I’ve developed, I almost feel sorry for everyone who has had to deal with it their entire adult life”He giggled, and she smiled, planting a feather light kiss to his lips before pulling back a fraction of an inch, her next words caressing over his skin with warm breaths “I’ve discovered I’m able to express certain emotions I’m unable to speak aloud at this point in time, certain sentiment that I once mocked a time ago”It was her way of saying it, he knew for sure, and he couldn’t care less if in the next 30 years she still couldn’t speak them out loud, because those three little words hung at the end of sentences like these, were felt in every clinging grip and soft touch, heard in every breathy moan and half mumbled praises. The way she talked around it, but never actually said it, that was his proof, and it was all he truly needed. If she was never able to actually utter the simple phrase, he would be just fine with that, because he already knew what she was unable to say



Chapter End Notes
Only 6 more chapters to goI know it's not Sherlock, but I'm still writing for other fandoms if y'all like my writings, or you can check out my Tumblr (I changed URLs again but I'm gonna stick with this one, at least for a lil longer, promise)


Visit
Chapter by Brujx (FallingForKonoha)
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




The sound of giggling, combined with muffled laughter and obvious joy told Sherlock everything she needed to know about just who was waiting for her inside Scotland Yard“What are you doing here?” she asked, her tone betraying no emotion, though a mix was bubbling inside herAnnoyance, embarrassment, and though she’d never admit it, a small swell of prideThe mother in her, no doubt“We thought we’d visit” John grinned, taking the infant in his arms’ hand to wave a limp wrist in her direction“I was already on my way home, there was no need” Sherlock replied, and bloody hell, was she blushing?Certainly not“I have to admit he’s cute” Donovan said, before pulling a ridiculous face that junior found hilarious as he extending chubby hands towards her“Erm, May I?” She asked hesitantly, as if expecting Sherlock to reject her, not as if she didn’t have the right to, anyway“If you must” She replied with a sighSally eagerly took the child in her arms, blowing raspberries in the fat rolls of his neck“You’d make a good mother” John smiled as the child laughed“Oh, no…I…”“It’s not an unfounded observation, if you chose better men, it is a possibility. You aren’t the most incompetent member of your team, and have proven on more than one occasion to be of above average intelligence”They bother looked at her, stunned for a few seconds until Junior’s coo snapped them out of it“Did you…did you just compliment me?” Sally asked, one eyebrow raised“No, I was simply pointing out traits you possess that are desirable in our future generation. Though I don’t approve of who would father any child as of this moment should you get pregnant” she said, before dragging her eyes over her “Hmm, I’ve misspoken, it would seem you have moved onto greener fields”Sally looked away, a blush on her tan cheeks“Wife returned?”“Marriage counseling” she practically hissed under her breath before returning her attention to the infant in her arms“It would seem Lestrade and his wife are officially divorced” Sherlock deduced as she lazily swept her eyes over the DI’s desk “his character traits and personality compliment yours well”“Are you…are you playing match maker?” John asked, surprised“So what you have a kid and suddenly you’re the expert on relationships?”“I also have a husband” Sherlock pointed out, smirking just slightly at John’s blush. They’d done just a bout everything in the bedroom imaginable, had a child, and been parents together, yet the title still seemed to fluster himShe found it beyond amusing, slipping it into conversations every now and then to see his face burn up“That doesn’t change anything!”“Hmm, it’s entirely up to you whether or not you take my advice, but Gray” shove from John’s elbow “Greg” she corrected with a roll of her eyes “may be a suitable match should you want to start a family”Donovan shook her head, but even John could see the wheels turning it her mind as she handed back JuniorSilent and thoughtful as the three departed



Chapter End Notes
Only five more chapters to go...this is honestly my longest fic I've ever written and tbh I'm proud of it, even if I'm no longer in the fandom (stopped watching after season 3)


Ring
Chapter by Brujx (FallingForKonoha)
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




It started off small, a brush of the pad of his thumb over the polished silver, checking to see if it was there, and the slightly huffed sigh when he saw it was indeedGradually, it became more frequent, and whenever his hands weren’t occupied, he’d twirl the piece of jewelry, over and over and over. It was distracting, and, God help her, worryingAs if by checking, one day he’d notice its absence and leave, free of the tiny shackle tying him to herWas it her deductions speaking, or her own insecurities? Unable to give the answer, the annoyance and fear it was directed at built up, and over time, she felt it chipping away at her perfectly mastered self-control, until finally, it cracked___It was a quiet day, slow, no new cases and Junior sleeping comfortably in his crib in their room, the silence, while peaceful to John, only allowed her to her own thoughts“It’s not going to disappear” she said, her accusing tone causing him to raise an questioning eyebrow at her, stopping his left thumb from twirling the ring while it rested on his armrest, his right hand lowering the book in it loosely to his lap“The only course of action now would be a divorce”“You want a divorce?” the panic, though poorly hidden (stupid John, assuming he could hide anything from her) was so obvious in his tone that her heart wrenched“No!” she almost shouted, before regaining her calm in the blink of an eye “No, of course not, don’t be ridiculous” she said, folding her hands under her chin, quickly running her right ring finger over the stone on her leftHe sighed, clearly relieved, but annoyed “then what are you on about?”“You’ve been idling playing with your ring since our wedding, I’m simply informing you that it will continue to be there unless you remove it”He froze, squinting his eyes and moving his left hand to look at the piece of jewelry, “Well, I know that bit, Sherlock” he said, still not grasping what she meant“You twirl it, constantly, leading me to believe you wish it gone”He snorted a laugh, though it quickly died when he saw no humor in her expression “You’re…. You’re serious? Of all the bloody…Sherlock, no” he shook his head, as if he couldn’t believe herShe just stared at him, expectantly“I’m left handed, you know” he offered after a short pauseThis time it was her that raised a questioning brow“I do everything with this hand” he explained, raising it to show her what he meant “so every time I do something, I feel it, and a lot of times the band will move. It’s not conscious anymore but I’m checking to see if it’s still there, because I want to make sure it doesn’t fall off my finger and I lose it”She blinked a few times, processing the information and discovering it fit perfectly with all the signsShe felt the slightest bit of heat prickle her cheeks at just how wrong she was“Good” she replied, standing and heading towards the kitchen to her bedroom to hide her embarrassment “I’ll go check on our son”“Alright, and Sherlock” John called, as he too rose from his seat, collecting his empty tea mug“Hmm?” He moved in in one smooth motion, planting a tender kiss to her cheek before slipping his mug into the sink“I love you”She smiled and left the room



Chapter End Notes
I'm also a leftie, that's what inspired this chapter. Even now I've been married 3 years and I still play with my ring every now and again because it has fallen off before so it's become a force of habitAnyways, there's only four chapters left in this ficHope y'all enjoyed the story thus far


The Club
Chapter Notes
tw: sexual harassment for this chapterNothing too graphic but just to be safe

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




“You blew our cover”“I know, I just-”“We didn’t gather the necessary information”“I know, Sherlock!” He yelled, before shaking his head and sighing “I know, just…sorry, alright?”“No, John, it is not alright.” She frowned, plopping down onto her chair and crossing her long legs, torn fishnet ripping further up her legs as she reached into her loose tank top, her bra, and removed her wedding ring, slipping it back onto her fingerJohn reached into his jean pocket and did the same, replacing the silver band on his left hand before running his right hand through his hair, messing up the spikes there as the gel pulled apart It was simple enough; Sherlock, John, and a few Yarders were to pose as nightclub goers, in position to gather information about the drug-trade taking place among the owners and customersHe swapped his usual clothes for a tight gray v neck shirt that showed off his muscles, straight legged dark blue jeans and a black leather jacket to top it all offSherlock traded her suit for a loose fit vest top with the UK flag faded on it, tiny black leather short shorts, and fishnet tights with boots that he swore she stole from a stripper, reaching up to her knees, making her look like she was in her mind 20s instead of thirties, crazy curly hair straightened into grungy waves of black, eyeliner smeared under her eyes and a fake nose ring shinnying on her nostrilIt was going perfect, all well, John stepping in rhythm, nothing too fancy to attract attention or too stiff to be noticed, and Sherlock staying close to Sally, dancing face to face with her, both of them falling into character easilyBut then some guy, someone who didn’t matter at all to the case, went on the hunt, his vision tunneling in on Sherlock from where she was, and he approached, without any shame, his pasty fingers gripping her hips like he had every right to, and brought his crotch to grind against her backHe was tall, taller than her in her heels which was rare enough as is, closer to 6’4”, a pale bloke with bleach blonde hair slicked back and sunglasses hiding his eyes, as if it was bright enough to need them in the darkened lighting of the club“Leave it, John” He heard Lestrade radio in from the earpiece, and he bit the inside of his lip, keeping himself from barking out a curse in response, something along the lines of ‘fuck off, that’s my wife’Sherlock did what any woman uninterested would do, her hips didn’t stop but her hands covered the strangers, pushing them down in rejection which the bastard took as invite to slide them down to her thighs, and John’s vision blurred with red as he saw him working his fingers up into her shortsSally’s hands immediately went to where his were moments before, tightening and pulling Sherlock a fraction of a step closer to her, laying claim, which John was grateful for in ways he couldn’t put into words“Sally’ll take care of it, get back into position” He heard Lestrade say, and John realized he had walked a few feet forward in their directionSherlock turned her head slightly and gave him a look of warning, but how could John obey when the man couldn’t take a hint, even though Donovan had moved in closer, her lips practically on Sherlock’s in a clear sign that said “she’s taken”He bent down to kiss her neck, his hands slipping further between her legsAnd John lost it The next thing he knew, he had the man, who had almost a foot on him, pinned under his weight, sitting on his stomach as his fist connected to his face for who knew how many time, a crowd forming around the fighting and Lestrade’s “Police, coming through” cut the air as he weaved through the audience “John!” Lestrade said when he finally reached him, gripping his wrist roughly to keep him from raining down yet another punch, the man’s forearms covering his face in a pathetic attempt to stop the attack “Enough! Christ!”“He touched Sherlock!””I didn’t know she was taken, mate!” “Like hell you didn’t!”“Watson!”John flinched, glancing back over his shoulder where Sherlock stood, her arms crossed and a glare, an actual glare, cutting through him, he felt it like a slap across his face, a physical force that hit him, the obvious disappointment and plain anger directed at him were so thick in the air that everyone was starting to look uncomfortableJohn flexed his hand that was in Lestrade’s grip, before letting out a shaky sigh, and nodding for the DI to release him as he got off“I want him arrested!” The man cried out“Don’t push your luck, with the amount of narcotics in your pocket I would suggest you take your leave” Sherlock said with a lift of her chinShe pulled the earpiece out of her ear, holding it out to Lestrade and dropping it in his hand, before turning and heading towards the exit, her heels clacking rather loudly with the dead silence that filled the air at the commotion“Sorry…” John said to the Yarders, before hurrying on after her “All the planning, wasted, because you couldn’t keep a leveled head” she continued, shaking her head “You have to keep your emotions under control, John, or it may cost us more than a case”“He was touching you” he ground out, his shoulders hunching“Jealousy is not befitting of you”“I wasn’t jealous! God, is that what you think?!” He yelled, removing his jacket and flinging it onto the ground no where near the hook “I’m not jealous of some arsehole that hit on you, that doesn’t matter, but he TOUCHED you”“And that did what, soil me?” she asked with a huff, gripping the edge of her tank top to fling it off, before hunching over to unzip the sides of her boots“God, no!” He sighed, defeated, falling back into his chair across from her and running his uninjured hand over his face in frustration “Explain” “It’s not some…some bloody territorial fight… I’m not angry because he touched what’s mine, I’m angry because he touched you when you didn’t like it”She paused, halfway done taking off her shorts, and they hung loosely around her calves for a few seconds “You were defending my wishes…”“Of course” he said, “Yeah I don’t want other guys flirting with you because you’re my wife, but I wouldn’t punch out any bloke that made a move on you, only the ones that crossed that line”“Perhaps I should thank you” she said after a few seconds, the twitch of a smile on the edge of her lips “Though I don’t believe Lestrade will see it as an appropriate reason to start a fight and ruin a case”“Sod the case, Sherlock, you already know who is selling the drugs and how, Lestrade doesn’t need to make an arrest for you to be satisfied with that, you solved your puzzle”“I suppose you’re correct” she smiled, moving to remove her tights“No, wait” he smiled mischievously, leaning forward in his chair and resting a hand on her knee “Leave them on”She rose on brow before smirking “Hmm, I wouldn’t have taken you for a man with a stocking fetish, John” She moved, placing on knee on his chair and moving to straddle his lap “Any others you have yet to voice?”“Keep trying different things and I’ll let you know” he grinned, before she bent forward and stole it from his lips



Chapter End Notes
Only 3 more chapters to goI'll try to update soon, but no promises, since it's pride month and a lot of ppl are buying my LGBTPN merch off Etsy, I'm gonna get a lil busy making them as well as coming up with new designs


Drugs
Chapter by Brujx (FallingForKonoha)
Chapter Notes
tw: mention of drug abuse

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




“Will you ever tell me about it?” John asked, speaking after almost an entire day of silence, finally getting to whatever was weighing on his mind and she looked up from her microscope, cocking a brow and waiting for him to clarify. Even as easily read as John was, he had a tendency to say something that could mean a thousand things at once when he was nervous, as if being vague will get him any closer to an answerHe didn’t continue speaking, instead waving a vague hand towards her arm, where the long day of studying and working with materials, she had rolled up the sleeves to her silk shirt, pushing them up and exposing the expands of her skinShe glanced down at where he gestured, her eyes immediately falling to the small litter of scars on the crock of her elbow, if not for their location they’d look like nothing more than marks often left behind after a nasty case of the chicken poxShe leaned back in her chair, but her eyes didn’t come to meet his as they normally would, instead, she stayed quite, long enough that he shifted from foot to foot in uncomfortable silence“It is not something I wish to discuss” she finally replied, her fingers leaving her work to quickly roll down the sleeves of her shirt, fumbling just slightly in her hurryIt wasn’t like him, to ask questions about topics he knew she didn’t want to remember, and she wondered vaguely if perhaps marriage made him more comfortable than it should have. She promised him her future; her past was never part of the deal“It’s not…” he stopped, setting his jaw but remaining on the cusp of the kitchen, as if trying to give her the illusion of space “There’s nothing to be ashamed of…” he started, but her snort of laughter cut him off, sounding too bitter to be anything close to real“Nothing to be ashamed of? Honestly, John, surely you don’t believe that? After seeing what addiction has done to your sister, you think she’d be so willing to share the details to any future partners?” she shook her head, “If you knew half the things I’d done during those times, the trades I made for a simple fix, I doubt you see it as anything short of shameful” with that, she looked up, her eyes dark with an emotion he couldn’t place, only knowing he didn’t like the way it played across her featuresHe blinked at that, and she could see all the assumptions and scenarios playing through his head, read it in the far off look in his eyes and the slight tension finding it’s way in his stance“No…I…I don’t want to know what you did when you were high” he said slowly, and Sherlock could see he was choosing his words carefully “I just wanted to know…to understand…why you started…”She furrowed her brows, surprised by that. The only people who had asked her about her history were Mycroft and Lestrade, both wanting to know what laws she’d broken and who she’d purchased from, but never what drove her there in the first place. Perhaps Mycroft already knew, but it never occurred to her someone would care enough to askHer hand pushed back her curls, raking through her hair as she leaned forward and thought of the best way to explain it all“It was too…” she paused, staring at the microscope in front of her as her hair fell over her shoulders and into her face “Loud” she finishedJohn took a hesitant step forward, but when she didn’t move to acknowledge it, he crossed the room, taking a seat at the corner of the table near her microscope, careful not to sit on anything He reached out the tuck a curl behind her ear, giving her a comforting half smile that Sherlock knew was fake“I didn’t always have the Work.” She continued after a short pause “before, there was nothing I could do to silence my mind. I never understood how Mycroft managed to handle all the noise” she made a frustrated sound, and his soothing hand continued it’s course, weaving strong fingers through her locks in a way he knew she found relaxingSome of the tension faded from her body“When I took it…the world was quite, and every damn little detail about a person didn’t scream for attention”“Is that what it’s like for you, everyday?” he asked curiously“Quite. I always say people see but not observe, but it’s a rather nasty experience to be able to do nothing BUT observe. Insufficient as they were, I was unable to ignore the clues of every passing stranger, and when I locked myself away I felt my mind begin to rot. Cocaine fixed that. Stimulating my mind yet silencing all the useless information trying to make itself known” she sighed again, before rolling up her sleeves to show him her scars, and his delicate touch left her hair to traced up and down the track marks, oh so softly, like he was afraid he’d open the old wounds“I’ve learned to ignore what wasn’t important, take in what was, and focus my attention on cases and further development of my mind palace. You have also proven to be a rather effective distraction” she gave a half smirk, and he laughed softly, muttering “Thanks” under his breathShe leaned forward, and he did the same, their foreheads touching slightly “There is no risk of me falling into old habits, but if you still need reassurance…” she plucked her one strand of her hair, holding it out to him “I have been clean for six and a half years, a standard test should confirm that. I have much more to lose now than a hand full of pounds and my brothers ‘respect’. Though the draw is still there, as it will always be, I hear, I will not falter in my sobriety”“I wasn’t worried, Sherlock” he said softly, his fingers tracing down her skin to weave their hands together “I just wanted to feel closer to you. After finding out about Victor…I guess I just realized I don’t know anything about your past, and you knew mine within seconds of meeting me”“Aside from my drug abuse, I don’t have much else I am less than comfortable sharing. Should you decide you have a desire to learn more, I’ll answer any questions you may have,” she said, before pausing and pecking a soft kiss to his lips “In exchange you must promise to never bin my experiments while I’m out of the flat”He smiled “We’ll see about that”



Chapter End Notes
Only two more chapters after thisAgain, y'all can check out my tumblr if y'all want, since once this story is finished I will no longer be writing for this fandom, you can see what other fandoms I fell into


Schooling
Chapter by Brujx (FallingForKonoha)
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




As a baby, it was a little less noticeable. The child could have been anyone’s, to be frank, not that John ever suspected Sherlock of anythingHe had his mother’s curly hair, her intense eyes, her pale skin, not a trace of John in those chubby and rounded features, a Holmes down to the boneBut now, it seemed, he did have some John in him, not only by nameHis eyes, though still strikingly gray, were soft, his face kind and invitingDeceiving “Idiots” Junior mumbled, crossing his short arms over his chest“Of course” Sherlock replied, eyes roaming judgmentally over the crowd of small children, all laughing and screaming and being so agonizingly ordinary at the first day of school“Sherlock!” John hissed under his breath “the other parents will hear you!”“It’s not as if it’s false. I don’t see why you didn’t just allow us to home school Junior, even with the Work, he’d learn much more. Here, his brilliant mind will go to waste.”“Agreed. Papa, Mother would surely make a better teacher than…” He wrinkled his nose, pausing, and looking over the nice looking older man smiling at the front doors “a half blind alcoholic” He deduced, looking up for confirmation and Sherlock smiled down proudly in response“Stop it, both of you!” John shook his head, “You’ll be getting private tutoring from one of Mycroft’s teachers, you know this isn’t about learning at all” He was well aware their son, at 5, was already smarter than all the students combined, perhaps even some of the teachers.He turned his attention to Sherlock with a look that spoke volumes of his disappointment in her behavior, most of which was rubbing off on Junior “This is about being socialized properly, I won’t have him dismissing people like you used to”“Dull” they said in union, rolling their eyes in syncHe sighed heavilyAs if on queue, a message alert tone chimed in Sherlock’s pocket“Lestrade?” Junior asked, his tiny fist gripping the end of her coat“It would appear so” Sherlock replied, flipping open her mobile to read and reply to the message“Will you tell me how the case goes during dinner, Mother?” “Depending on its nature. Have you already discovered what happened to Ms. Andrews missing cat?” Sherlock asked, referring to one of the much too easy cases from a client she’d taken on only to pass down to their son, allowing him to develop some key observation and detective skills. The earning went directly into his tiny pocketJunior wrinkled his nose, shaking his head“Hmm, don’t give up just yet. Some cases are difficult at first” She replied, ruffling his short curls with a tender smileThe bells rung just then“Mycroft will be by to pick you up after school” John said, kneeling down to fix Junior’s school tie “No deleting information you find irrelevant without first asking me, not your mother, no deducing or insulting the other children, remember that people aren’t here for your entertainment, and even physical games can be fun” “Yes, Papa” He replied“We’ll be home by dinner”



Chapter End Notes
Only one more chapter to go..


Crime Scenes
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Some things never change, and to anyone who didn’t know Sherlock the way he did, they’d assume she was one of themEven in her late 40’s, she still worked at the Yard, wore her favorite coat and her perfectly tailored suits. She’d be cruel to anyone she found annoying and she’d still dismiss clients with a flick of her wrist and a single muttered ‘dull’, but yet, she was still so very different than the woman he moved in with 13 years ago, from the woman that got pregnant 11 years ago, to the woman he married 10 years ago.Time had flowed by, leaving him with a few extra wrinkles and his ashy blonde hair with more ash than he liked, he was pushing 50, and his physical condition was steadily declining, their cases becoming more private with light leg work than highly dangerous chases like they used to be when they first started, but neither of them seemed to mind. After all, they cut back the more dangerous jobs when Junior was born, made sure Mycroft kept a good eye on Baker St and they didn’t make any high profile enemies againTheir worst one had gone away, apparently losing interest in Sherlock when she developed a taste for ‘ordinary’ and she was no longer fun in Moriarty’s eyes, John was grateful to the madman for his short attention span. Moriaty never made any effort to contact either of them once Sherlock had gotten pregnant. It wasn’t just them anymore, they had a child and with that a reason to make it home at nightSherlock was a bloody good mother most of the time, she was attentive, and the fact she treated their child like she would any adult with a tad bit more affection, he clung to her hip and became just like his mother. John had managed to rough out the whole ‘everyone around me is an idiot’ view, and now their child was a relatively normal one. As normal as any son of Sherlock Holmes could possibly beBut there were some things that didn’t change, some habits that never went away, and that bit was obvious every once in a while___“No” Sally’s voice was strong, having grown tougher in the years that’d passed, though her eyes held no glimpse of the hatred they once did when she looked at Sherlock“Please” Sherlock rolled her eyes, more of habit than actual annoyance. “It is a simple string of break ins, no weapons, no danger. There are limits to what I would allow my son to be exposed to”Donovan hesitated, before shaking her head “Does he know you plan to drag your little protégé in?”“I would assume it would be obvious with his coming of age”“He’s ten”“As was I when I started investigating my first murder case, this is nothing more than robbery”“You’re really okay with this?” Sally asked, in disbelief, looking at John like she expected him to objectJohn shrugged, one of his hands resting on Junior’s shoulder, even at 10 the boy was pushing 5’2” and John was starting to worry he’d be taller than him by the time he hit puberty. “Sherlock’s right. It’s not dangerous”Sally shook her head one more time, like she still couldn’t believe the family of Baker St before getting her radio and speaking into it, “Holmes is here, bringing her in”, having dropped ‘freak’ around the same time as Sally’s deodorant became similar to that of a certain DI“Has he finally gotten old enough to follow you onto cases?” Lestrade asked, turning towards them as they entered the building“Mother has been giving me cases half my life now” Junior responded, standing a little taller and squaring his shoulders like he always did whenever he felt he was being underestimated, something that happened often given his age and admittedly adorable face, a habit he must have picked up from his father as it was John’s usual stance whenever someone mocked his wife, snapping into a military straight pose that always seemed to make people second guess their initial estimate of his strength and patience   “About time he sees his parents at work” Sherlock smiled, proudly, something she would have hid in the past but now didn’t seem to give a toss who saw. She WAS proud of her son, after all, the little genius that was quickly on his way of being a better detective than even her“We agreed no murders until he was 18” John added, just to say something, it always helped to remind people that he was still the other parent, and wasn’t about to let Sherlock do something too crazy like trying to show Junior a picture of a beheading when he was 7“Ridiculous rule, but John refused to let up on it”“I think Papa has a point, Mother, all the other child in my class have yet to see a corpse”“All the other children in your class are ordinary, Jonathon” Sherlock respondedHe puffed out his cheeks, something he always did when he was biting back a retort he knew would be frowned upon, a habit that reminded John so much of his sister when she was younger. Bubbled mouths could gather no foots, his mother used to say. But it was obvious Junior wasn’t exactly fond of being ‘different’, though both his parents and uncle had tried to repeatedly tell him it was a good thing to be specialJohn chuckled, reaching out to ruffle his son’s curly hair to lighten his mood a bit “Go on then, tell your mother what you see”Junior let out a breath, closing his eyes to gather his focus, before opening them and tuning the world outHe was like his mother in a lot of ways, and around the age of 6 he had started experiencing headaches, telling them both that his mind was too loud and that the world was full of unnecessary noise and vividness. But while Sherlock had dealt with it all the way through schooling before turning to drugs at the young age of 19, she swallowed her pride to ask Mycroft to teach her son whatever technique he had used as a boy to silence his mind. Mycroft taught Junior without so much as a smirk or sign of smugness in his tone, something both John and Sherlock were grateful for. The end result being in their son, who still suffered from the occasional headache and fit of boredom, being able to narrow his focus down and concentrate on only one thing at a time, the centering giving him a way to use his gift without having to endure the burden of it during down periodsMycroft really was the smarter HolmesAfter a few minutes of the young lad walking around, careful to avoid stepping on anything or disturbing the scene, his lips moving with silent thoughts as his eyes darted back and forth a few times, he turned back to them“Four in total. Three men, one woman; and she’s the ring leader.” He titled his head just slightly “Um…They’re all big, very big, taller than you, Mother, but she’s just as short as Papa” he gave a vague wave towards John and the doctor felt his cheeks pink at being called short by his own son “They’re close, closer than people normally are, since they haven’t been caught yet and they follow all her instructions. I want to say siblings, but… It doesn’t feel right”“Quite right” Sherlock smiled, again, “though you’ve missed the fifth. He’s the husband; the others are his son’s, her stepchildren. They’re attempting to locate a piece of vintage jewelry judging by the victims thus far, a piece legally sold at auction but most likely belong to the leader’s family at one point. They mean no harm, and steal nothing at all, only trash the place in an attempt to locate the family heirloom that was more than likely stolen from the generation before her, be it mother or father’s side. I have no doubt she married the man for his previous involvement with the law, break ins, petty robbery, the sons are an added bonus in case they were to run into the home owners. Though from their lack of weapons it’s obvious they have no real plan for if such a thing were to happen. More than likely had a victim walked in they’d just restrain them and demand the location of the heirloom, leave when they find they do not have it.” Sherlock turned to Lestrade to say the rest to him “She’s taller than John; roughly 5’7” judging by her shoe print, average weight, the men are closer to 6’5”. You’ll hardly have trouble finding them in the system, and it would seem” She paused, pulling out her magnifying glass and crouching down, retrieving tweezers to pluck a single red hair from the floor, short like that of a cat “His DNA has been left behind, there is no doubt in my mind he is already in the system. Take the father in for questioning, have the sons and wife in separate rooms. The sons will sell out their stepmother in an attempt to cut back the time for their father. You can take it from here, I assume” Sherlock said, dropping the hair sample in a plastic bag the forensic analysis handed to her without a word, helpful and actually admiring of Sherlock’s work unlike the previous one who had long since moved away to a different city in an attempt to save his marriage“Brilliant” John muttered, his eyes crinkling slightly at the corners as he smiled affectionately toward the detective“Elementary” she replied, her hands returning to her pockets as she handed back the sample to be tested“Will I be able to solve crimes like you one day, mother?” Junior asked as she approached the two, readying to leave “No” she said, her voice warm “You’ll be better”



Chapter End Notes
And with this, ends my longest (and most well received) fic I've ever writtenIt's an end of an era, I'm sad to see it be over, but I'm glad y'all followed it til the end, even when I dropped off the face of the earth for all that time after my accidentThanks for reading til the end!I no longer write for this fandom so sorry to see y'all move on to different authors, I hope you enjoyed my work If you wanna hmu, you can message me on my tumblr, twitter, or instagram



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



