



The Connection - Izaioi - Pu falsehiroakademia
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

The Connection
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/13820853.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
僕のヒーローアカデミア | Boku no Hero Academia | My Hero Academia
Relationship:
Bakugou Katsuki/Midoriya Izuku
Character:
Todoroki Shouto, Yagi Toshinori | All Might, Uraraka Ochako, Class 1-A (My Hero Academia)
Additional Tags:
Alternate Canon, Slow Burn, Fluff and Angst, POV Multiple, Spoilers, Bakugou Katsuki Swears A Lot, Canon-Typical Violence
Stats:

        Published: 2018-03-07
          Completed: 2018-04-05
          Chapters: 16/16
        Words: 35313
      

The Connection
by Izaioi
Summary
Izuku has spent years of his life watching him train alone. Almost every day after school they would hide somewhere without witnesses and Katsuki would do physical training first and quirk training later. Izuku would watch, learning every single detail about him.Katsuki would often tell him to get lost, to not follow him in his training spots. Yet Katsuki never actually sent him away. Izuku would sit a bit farther, open his notebook and start writing. (A rewriting of the canon, their relationship was a bit better from the start because they were stopped before they could reach the critical point.)
Notes
Welcome!First of all, I need to say some things.-This is my first fanfic and I'm Italian, so probably there will be mistakes here and there, I hope it doesn't ruin the experience!-This story will follow the canon for the most part, but there will be changes to fit better my personal addition to the story.-An early warning to all Todoroki's fans, my Todoroki is a bit different from the canon, not by much but if you are a hardcore lover of canon Todoroki I apologize. ^^'-This story will be narrated by multiple POV, more will be appearing as the story progress.I think this is all for now, I'll probably add notes to every chapter so I can give more details.




Reach his eyes.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




 
It all began with the news that a luminescent baby was born, after that exceptional individuals began popping up all over the world. With 80% of the population having some sort of superhuman ability a new profession entered the spotlight. Along with the exceptional abilities came an explosion in the crime rate and brave individuals took up the mantle of heroes straight out of comics books protecting the people from evildoers. With the public support, depending on their performance, they started earning fame, glory and money. An extensive competition between the people who use superpowers, commonly known as “quirk users”, for the Best Hero title started to rage on between the first and second generation. Various means were implemented in society to deal with the unpredictable nature of the quirks, such as exams for official hero licenses, schools exclusively build for hero training and large organizations that coordinate the pro heroes during complex operation. The heroes started a process of polishing their powers and some of them even started to understand that forming complementary pairs was a perfect way to cover for each other weakness and raise to the top.
Even now, after years and various heroes that have claimed the “Number One” title, the competition is fiercely going on.  
------
 
“I would hand out these future careers forms, but...”
The teacher tries to keep a serious face, failing miserably.
“I assume you all want to be heroes!!”
The whole class explodes in an enthusiastic chorus and a multitude of strange physical mutations and impossible natural phenomenon start to happen at once, as every student eagerly shows off his quirk. Only two students don’t move, for opposite reasons.
One wants to stand out from the rest, the other is doing his best to blend in the background.
“Yes, yes, you all have wonderful quirks...”
“Don’t lump me in with these losers! As if I have anything like their crappy quirks!”
Bakugou Katsuki. Trying to pick a fight with the whole world, as always. Izuku makes himself smaller on his desk.
“Ah, Bakugou of course, you must be aiming for U.A. high school.”
All their classmates look at him with a mix of surprise and annoyance. Izuku is not surprised in the slightest, he knew this all along. Katsuki jumps on his desk and starts yelling while Izuku puts his face down and covers it with his arms.
 “I ACED THE MOCK EXAM! I’LL EVEN SURPASS ALL MIGHT AND BECOME THE BEST HER—“
‘Please, don’t say anything about me, or Kacchan is gonna murder me...!’
“That reminds me, you are going for U.A. too, right Midoriya?” says the teacher.
Silence.
Izuku has a long moment to feel sorry for himself. Really sorry.
His classmates start laughing on top of their lung, while Katsuki is paralyzed in a rather stupid pose and with a rather stupid expression on his face. It doesn’t last long. Katsuki jumps down, punches his desk, a loud explosion and the desk is snapped in half, then he kicks Izuku’s out of the way before reaching for the front of his uniform.
“You! Forget a crappy quirk, you’re totally quirkless! What the hell do you think you’re doing in U.A., gonna hide behind a book?! Think you can be a hero with these weakling punches of yours?! Even a kid can send you face-flat on the floor!”
Katsuki lets him go and then reaches inside Izuku’s backpack. Izuku realizes a moment too late what he is searching for. A notebook, with “Hero analysis for the future n.13” written on the cover, is now on Katsuki's hands.
Izuku looks at him with dread on his face, he has a feeling he knows what’s next. Katsuki returns the look with an ugly snarl then throws the notebook out of an open window nearby. Izuku runs for the window just in time to see his treasure fall into the fish pond.
“Don’t even try to enter the exam for U.A. Deku! I’ll make you regret your life choices if you do!”
And with that Katsuki leaves the classroom with heavy stomps, the teacher suddenly remembers that the lesson is still ongoing and tries to call out to him. Katsuki doesn’t even slow down, he slams the door shut and disappears.
No one can stop him, no one dares.
------
 
When he was little he really admired the Top Hero, the Number One Hero, the incredible, invincible All Might. He decided that he was going to become just like him, always saving the day and smiling all the way through. Unfortunately “destiny” decided differently for him. As the years passed, as all his friends developed their quirk, he was left behind, still no power to be seen. In the end, he discovered that he would never have one. He was quirkless. 
In his generation is extremely rare, but it does still happen. It was, of course, a terrible blow to his confidence, to his dream, to... everything really.
'My best friend, a person I have known and spent time with since I can remember, started manifesting his quirk way earlier than anyone else. His power grown never really stopped, everyone always told him that he’ll become an amazing hero. I agree.
His quirk, his physique, his intelligence, his instinct and battle sense make him stand above all others. But it’s not only his raw potential, I know that he trains hard too. He is in love with his quirk and has spent months, years even, learning all kind of tricks he can pull off with it.
His quirk is Explosion by the way.
Which really suits him. After all the only weak point he has is that “explosive” personality of his. Rotten personality of his, as most people would say. And sometimes... sometimes even I think...’
Izuku sighs as he scoops his notebook out of the water.
‘Is Kacchan right? Will I never be able to become a hero, quirkless as I am? Is really my determination not enough?’
He slowly makes his way to his house, head down, deep in thoughts.
He doesn’t even notice... the monster behind him.
 
------
 
‘Stupid Deku!’
Katsuki is gripping his soda can so hard that he can feel the aluminum losing his shape. He really can’t believe what happened. Two classmates are trailing behind him, they’re not his friends, he doesn’t have friends, he doesn’t need friends. Not this weaklings at least. And Deku… he thought he made himself clear already…
“Don’t you know him since you two were kids? I don’t really get why you are so mad at him, let him fail the exam, it’ll be fun!”
“That stupid idiot probably thinks I’m gonna help him through the practical exam! He always follows me around squeaking that stupid nickname! I’m not his fucking mother! I’m not gonna save his ass!”
“Why do you even bother with him, I don’t get it… He’s clearly useless and pretty annoying too. How did it get into his head to become a hero is beyond me.”
“It’s always been a thing for him, since he was a little wimp. But after I’ve beaten him up a couple times a year ago he stopped talking about going to U.A. I thought he had finally given up for good, instead he was sneaking around my back!”
Katsuki applies a little focus on his fingertips, his quirk responds obediently, exactly as it is supposed to, as he trained it to. A little explosion erupts and the empty can becomes a twisted lump of metal. He throws it away.
“Someone needs to teach him his place before he goes and gets himself killed like the loser he is. If no one else is going to do it than I’m going to. I’ll beat him up until that message is written directly inside his skull.”
Katsuki is too distracted by his anger to notice the shocked face of his classmates staring at something behind him.  
 
-------
 
- Becoming a hero without a quirk?-
-If you desire to help people there are other ways… It’s not wrong to dream. However, you need to be realistic kid. –
 Izuku is walking home dragging his feet like all the life have been sucked out of him. If All Might of all people has told him that… Then there is really no way… He needs to give up.
All Might has come to save him earlier when he was being attacked by that sludge monster, a villain. He was so cool, even more in the flesh than on tv. But then… Izuku was desperate, he needed to hear from someone, from All Might, that he has a chance. That he can become a hero.
But All Might… that old wound that makes him look so weak… and his words were completely different from what he was expecting.

Izuku Midoriya can’t become a hero.

There is a commotion in one of the alleys nearby. Normally Izuku would open his notebook, his treasure, and start writing everything he could see. But is there even a point in doing that now?
“Hey have you heard? Apparently a middle schooler was caught by a huge sludge villain!”
‘A sludge villain? Like the one All Might defeated earlier to save me? Has he escaped?’
Izuku gets closer to take a better look and sure enough is indeed that same villain. He grabs his mouth in shock.
‘Is it my fault? All Might can’t fight right now, has he lost the villain while I was distracting him with my questions?’
He can see the head of a boy peeking out of the blob. The boy is trapped, the villain is restraining both his arms and legs and his face is half covered by that horrible substance.
‘I’m sorry, endure it a little longer, I’m sure a hero is coming to save you!’
A thought passes through him like an electric shock.

Why don’t you go and save him? 

‘NO! NO! I can’t! I would only get in the way without any quirk!’
He gets a clear look at the boy when the villain turns to look at the little crowd that has gathered to watch. He feels like he’s falling into a bottomless rift. 
‘KACCHAN!’
Izuku is trembling, paralyzed on the spot, almost breaking in tears.
‘SOMEONE SAVE HIM ALREADY!’
And then is when it happens. Katsuki’s red eyes find Izuku’s.
Izuku’s mind becomes completely empty. He is running and he hasn’t even noticed.
Everything stretches and a second is now a lifetime. There is only one thing that matter.

 


I want to reach his eyes.




Chapter End Notes
This was literally the first thing I have ever written fully in English in my life, and the first chapter I have ever written in general! If you made it this far you deserve a candy! :3I hope it wasn't too boring since it's by far my least favorite chapter of all that I have written until today.Yeah, I have actually already completed this fanfic, so there is no need to worry about me never finishing it or delays between chapters.I'll post a new one every other day.See you soon!


I’m going, even if you don’t want me to.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




All Might saves the day. Assuming again his strong, muscular form he swiftly takes Katsuki’s and Izuku’s hand and he surrounds them with one of his big and calloused hand. With the other he launches one of his famous punches sending the villain into a million pieces. In All Might grips the two hands are almost intertwined.Then the journalists come and the day is ruined all over again. ------- ‘I can’t believe him! I seriously can’t!!’After getting finally released from the press's grasp Katsuki quickly runs in Izuku’s house direction. His mood worse than ever.‘If All Might hadn’t been there what does he think he would have done, ha?! Shameless bastard! And just listen to the press! “Well done, Bakugou!” LIKE I HAVE DONE SHIT!! Are they trying to get on my nerve or something?!’He starts yelling as soon as he spots Izuku’s green curly hair. “YOU FUCKING NERD!”Well, that gets Izuku's attention, alright.“Kacch---““What was the big plan, haa?! Don’t fucking go all “Your eyes looked like they were calling me” with me! Like you could have helped me! Have you gone mental? That was stupid and totally unnecessary, you got that?!”Katsuki is panting hard after that outburst, but his rage is not completely subdued yet. He can still feel it, right below the surface of his skin.  Izuku smiles at him sadly.“Yeah, I know Kacchan. I’m sorry, it won’t happen again.”‘Indeed, it won’t, ‘cause I’m going to U.A. and you aren’t coming. You’ll stop following me everywhere. Someone like you can’t stand by my side.’Katsuki sends one last dirty look to him while he puts his hands in his pockets.“As long as you understand, Deku!”After spitting that last sentence Katsuki turns his back to Izuku and walks away. His anger doesn’t look like is going to dissipate anytime soon.‘After this, I won’t have to look back to make sure you haven’t accidentally got yourself killed in some stupid way. I won’t have to look in your direction at all, ‘cause you will completely disappear from my life.’He retraces his train of thoughts. That didn't sound mean enough.‘He’ll disappear from my life AND GOOD RIDDANCE!’Here, better. 
-------
 The next time they meet each other is at their old middle school. The teacher has called them to discuss their admission to the practical exam. Izuku is really nervous while he stands by Katsuki side. He has yet to look in his direction but he can tell. Katsuki is mad.But Izuku didn’t go through all those sacrifices to give up just like that.After Katsuki departure, the day of the incident, All Might appeared in front of him once more, to tell him a fairy tale. A tale about a quirk called “One for All” and his incredible propriety of being pass trough mentor to disciple. It was so difficult to believe, and yet it felt right.Izuku spent months with All Might, training, training and training some more. Until one day All Might has finally told him.-You can become a hero-Izuku has yet to receive the incredible quirk, One for All, but he trusts his mentor. That’s why he can stand there now, even if he is a bit scared.By the time the teacher ends his speech, Izuku can clearly feel all sort of bad emotions coming out from his childhood friend in waves.The first step he needs to take in order to become a better person, a braver person, is right in front of him, right now. ------- ‘He is seriously pissing me off!’Katsuki walks away from the school building fast, but not fast enough to lose sight of his target.‘This time he really has crossed some serious lines! Was that villain not enough? Not enough to taste his own powerlessness? At the very least he should have applied to the support course, or the general course or even the business course! Not the fucking hero main course! They will destroy him in a snap!’A vein is popping out of his forehead, his hands clawing at the air in sync with the blood that was pulsing trough is temples.  As soon as they are out of sight of any potential nosy teacher he grabs Izuku's arm making him turns in surprise. Katsuki doesn’t waste any time and grabs him by the collar, lifting him up in the air.“Do you have some loose screw somewhere in your brain, Deku?”His words are a low growl full of anger. Izuku still has enough common sense to put up an expression of fear.“Withdraw your application to U.A., now.”Katsuki can see that this is not going to be so easy almost immediately. Specifically, when Izuku’s eyes harden with determination, the green, usually so light, becomes much darker. Katsuki knows better than underestimating the situation. After all, when Izuku decides something he never gives up. Sometimes Katsuki wonders whatever the person in front of him have a self-preservation instinct or not. “I’m sorry Kacchan. I’m going, even if you don’t want me to. Even if you tell me not to. Even… if you look at me like that. This is too important to me. Someone I look up to told me that I can be a hero, so I’m going, no matter what!”Katsuki briefly considers if Izuku’s quirk could actually be making lungs disappears from inside a body. Because that’s just what it feels like right now. He gasps with his mouth open for a few moments, eyes wider than usual, then he recovers.“You…! I’m not your mom, I’m not gonna carry your ass through the exam!”That’s not a very rational counter-argument, he can admit that much. Maybe he has not recovered as well as he initially thought. Izuku answers with a frown.“No one asked.”‘Oh, is that so…!’He can’t identify what angers him more. The fact that Izuku is seriously going to show up at the exam, or the fact that Deku doesn’t think he needs Katsuki help. Katsuki lets him go and after taking a couple of steps away from Izuku he gives him a thumb down.“Whatever, Deku! Go and die. I won’t even come to your funeral.”He runs away before Izuku can think of any answers.‘I’m done. I’m seriously done. If he can’t believe it without rubbing his face in the dust then so be it. He is never going to pass the exam, what a quirkless like him can do? Cry and beg for mercy? It just means that I’ll have to postpone the celebration of freedom until after the exam. I have more important things to worry about. I’m gonna ace that exam, no question asked. I’ll show every single person in that school that Bakugou Katsuki is the best hero they ever saw!’ ------- ‘I’m so nervous!’Izuku is walking down the long path to the exam site along with every other participant. He supposedly has a quirk now, after having to eat one of All Might's hair he very much hopes it wasn’t in vain.‘I did eat it… but did it really do anything…? I don’t feel any different…’“Move aside Deku! Get in my way and I’ll kill you!”Izuku jumps, startled when he hears the angry voice behind him. He quickly moves to the side.“Kacchan! Good morning, let’s both do our best…”Izuku’s voice becomes smaller and smaller as Katsuki passes in front of him, bumps his shoulder into him and completely ignores him. Izuku sighs and trails behind him.Ten minutes later they are seated next to each other in a massive conference room. The introductory speech is started. Katsuki looks both annoyed and bored. Izuku just can’t stop talking.“It’s the voice hero, Present Mic. Woww!! I listen to his radio show every--”“Shaddup, have you been listening, idiot? They have separate us into multiple groups to make sure that we can’t help the people we know. Too bad Deku, looks like I can’t beat you up myself. But good for you, you would not have stood a chance to pass the exam if you were in my same group!”A tall guy with square glasses stand, two rows of seats ahead of them, and asks for some detail on the rules.“There are four types of faux villain on this handout, but you mentioned only three type that we have to beat to accumulate points. Such blatant error is unacceptable for U.A high school, Japan top academy! And you two---“The stiff-looking guy turns to face them.“You’ve been muttering this whole time, it’s distracting! If this is some sort of game to you two then please leave immediately!”Katsuki's expression shifts into his best ugly smirk and shows him both his middle fingers.“Tell me, did you put a stick up your arse for this exam specifically or were you born with it?”Izuku’s jaw drops. He reaches for Katsuki’s hands in a hurry and shoves them out of sight then he turns to address the tall guy.“I’m so, so very sorry! He’s foul-mouthed but he doesn’t mean any harm---““I don’t what now?! Haa?!” Katsuki starts yelling.Izuku's expression collapses into an unimpressed stare.‘Why did I even thought to put myself between those two, they clearly don’t need my assistance to came across as being totally unfriendly.’Luckily Present Mic. breaks the argument before it can escalate any further.“Nice catch examinee 7111, the fourth faux villain gives you zero points, it’s basically an obstacle, you need to avoid it! Now! Time to go! Break a leg, everyone!” ------- All Might is standing in the monitoring room. The wall is full of monitors of all size, one or two for each exam area and there is a long list of all the examinees and their score that gets updated in real time. He stands right in the middle of the room, with his arms crossed over his chest, a large smile on his face. His colleagues and the school assistants are encouraged by his presence, so he makes the smile a little brighter still.‘That’s the work of a Symbol of Peace! Making everyone feel at ease in every situation.’All Might must keep the farce up. As long as he can.“This year there are some incredible young promises on the list, this exam is going to be really interesting!”“Yeah, it’s just the beginning but some of them are already miles ahead of the others”.All Might knows that they aren’t talking about young Midoriya, he knows. After all, he can see the list of points just fine, and sure enough, his young pupil is stuck at 0 points. He can even see him from time to time in the monitors for the area B, he is running around without an objective since the start of the test. It’s not like he was expecting anything different after all the young boy has eaten his hair just hours ago. One doesn’t learn how to use a quirk, his quirk, in an hour. All Might knows all of this. He knows that he shouldn’t play favorites, especially since he’ll be a teacher soon. He knows.He can’t help but hope.‘Young Midoriya! I know that you’re determinate enough, I know that you can do it! Don’t let yourself get overwhelmed by the others!’No one sees the little drop of sweat that is forming on his forehead.“At this rate, there is no way anyone else in area A is going to pass the exam!” All Might snap out of his intense focus on young Midoriya and fixes his gaze on the monitor for area A.A blond boy, with an evil grin on his face, is jumping on top of the robots designed as faux villains, one after the other, leaving only destruction behind. Intense explosions erupting from his clawed hands. In the background a lot of young boys and girls are screaming something at him. Probably… insults. Every time one of them tries to attack a robot the blond boy jumps purposely on that same robot, stealing all the points for himself. Every time his grin grows a little more, his red eyes almost glowing maniacally.The little drop of sweat starts to slowly slide down on All Might's face.“Wow, talk about a rotten personality. He is already over 100 points, at this point he is just stealing others a possibility for the thrill of it!”His colleagues are commenting the young boy performance passionately, two sides of the argument already forming.“This just proves his intense desire to win, no one ever said that he needed to give others mercy. He is doing a perfect job, taking down all the villains!”All Might looks at the list, searching for a name with over 100 points.‘There he is, young Bakugou. He sure has a passionate fighting style. His face, however, would probably make every person he rescues tremble in fear. Some would even argue that there is no difference between him and a villain…’“He looks just like a villain. Remind me, why we don’t have the examinees take a personality test, again?” “It’s time for the second phase!”All Might focuses on Midoriya's name again, hoping for a miracle but his pupil is still at 0 points. The giant robots-villains-obstacles start to make their way in the areas.All Might and the others watch intensely as a peculiar, almost specular, scene happens in the monitors for both area A and B.Two boys soar through the air, one with a powerful jump the other with a powerful blast, and then they lift their right arm. An explosion and a punch later, the robots fall into pieces all over the test sites. Their faces are expressing polar opposite emotions, one looks overconfident and borderline predator, the other pure terror and hurt. Then they start their fall.All Might smile is the biggest yet.‘Young Midoriya…!’“Holy hell…! Haven’t seen something like that in awhile, in this exam!” says someone in the room.“Yeah… I mean, this guy looks like a complete mess, while the other looks like a demon. Good combo. Very impressive.”All Might turns his head in a snap, he had not noticed him. Aizawa. Looking absolutely unimpressed.Fifteen more drops of sweat form on All Might's face, joining the first one.‘Young Midoriya…! The path to becoming a hero is still long…! Don’t give up…!’ ------- Izuku opens the letter with eyes of a dead fish.‘There is no way I passed, I have completely failed, 0 points.’-Unfortunately, you have 0 points-‘Yeah, I can do basic math.’-We know that you tried to save that girl and she offered to give you some of her points-‘That kind girl has offered to share some of her points with me?’-But there was no need! You have 0 villains points…and 60 rescue points!- ‘Rescue… points?’-Midoriya Izuku… Welcome to U.A.!!- 
Kacchan, I’m going to U.A., even if you don’t want me to.




Chapter End Notes
About the chapter:I know that Katsuki didn't gain more than 100 points (only around 70) but I have noticed that a lot of other people have gained almost a similar amount of points, between villains and rescue. I wanted him to stand out a lot more.Of course, there are other differences compared to the canon. I'm not going to point out all the changes in the future, it wouldn't make sense for me to just write the canon as it is, so obviously there are changes, it's not a mistake.About the fanfic:I said that I have already finished it, let me specify something.Since my story follows more or less the canon and that is still ongoing the end is not a "definitive" end.There is still the possibility that I'll add more chapters in the future in case the manga gives me more inspiration.However, I think that I have reached a good ending point. I hope no one is disappointed that I won't write any completely original chapter, my personal challenge is to see if I can fit my idea inside the canon, so I can't just add random big plot points :')See you soon!


You lied to me, didn’t you?!
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“Remove your feet from the desk! Such an action is insulting to---“Katsuki is seated with his feet on his new desk, inside classroom 1-A, U.A. The annoying guy from the practical exam, the one with the square glasses, is one of his new classmates. Katsuki grins at the clear discomfort of the other.“Like I care! What middle school are you from, you loser?”“I’m from Somei Private Academy, my name is Tenya Ida” says the guy extending a hand.“Somei?! That explains the stick up your ass! Fuck off, you elitist!”“Are you seriously trying to become a hero, with an attitude like that?!”While Katsuki is thinking of a new insult to throw at him, Ida is distracted by a new appearance at the door of the classroom and starts to head in that direction. All the insults that Katsuki has already prepared fly out of the window. His attention completely captured by that presence.‘WHATTHE HELLIS DEKUDOING HERE?’Katsuki puts his feet down on the floor and fully turns in Izuku direction. Ready to get up and throw the best tantrum he's ever done in his life. Then he stops.‘Wait. It’s simply impossible for someone without a quirk to have beaten those robots… And a number of them. No one below 20 points has passed the exam. Only 40 people in total were selected, between class A and B. Which means…’ He watches for a moment as Izuku talks to the stick-up-ass guy and a totally unremarkable girl.“I have to thank you for speaking on my behalf… for the points offer…” Izuku is saying with a trembling voice to the girl. All red in the face.“Huh? How do you know about that? Well anyway, I’m glad you got in, after that incredible---“Katsuki stops listening. He has just understood everything.  ‘HE CHEATED! THAT’S IT! HE TOTALLY CHEATED HIS WAY IN! I don’t know what kind of trick he used, probably he started crying and that hag’s got a soft spot for puppy eyes or something, but that’s totally it!’His anger momentarily forgotten as the divine revelation fills his brains. He almost thinks of himself as a genius. Almost.‘That’s perfect. I just need to find some proof, anything, and then I’ll make sure he gets expelled!’He is so focused on that delightful plan, even starting to feel the triumph already, that he completely misses the teacher entrance. His focus switches back to the class when he hears the magic words.-Quirk test-A huge smirk is forming on his face.‘Looks like I don’t even need to bother, Deku will be expelled by the end of the day.’ --------- All Might, in his weak form, is sneaking around the campus.‘Of all the teachers that young Midoriya could get, why it has to be Aizawa?’Once he reaches a hidden spot, behind a corner in full shadow, he starts peeping at his colleague’s lesson. Normally he would be ashamed of himself, but now he’s really not worried about common sense. He can hear the haggard-looking man talking.“You all did your standard no-quirks-allowed gym tests in middle school right? We’ll do the same thing only that this time you’ll use your quirk to reach a better result.”The students are standing in a small group in the large open space that is specifically designed for outdoor sports, test and training. They are all in their gym uniform, looking quite unsure of the whole situation. It’s the first day of school, after all, no one was expecting a test right off the bat.“Bakugou how far can you throw a baseball without your quirk?”“Sixty-seven meters.”“Great, now use your quirk, give it all you’ve got.”Young Bakugou enters the white circle and prepares himself to throw. All Might watches the ball become a mini rocket and fly toward the horizon in a cloud of smoke and fire.“DIE!!!”The boy is screaming, for some reason. Aizawa reads the result on a little tablet.“705.2 meters. It’s important to know your limit, that’s the first rational step to become a hero.”The students look ecstatic at the possibility to use their quirk in such flashy ways. Everyone except for young Midoriya of course. All Might is starting to sweat, he remembers the horrible bone fractures his young pupil received from the use of One for All. The boy's body was not ready to withstand that intense pressure. The problem is, without the quirk, young Midoriya is not capable of passing any of these tests with an acceptable result. All Might realizes that this is exactly what Aizawa is going for. He wants to expel his young pupil.“The student with the lowest score across the eight tests will be judged useless and expelled.”And yet he can’t do anything except watching. Young Midoriya needs to overcome this problem on his own.So he watches and suffers. Suffers and suffers… and suffers.After a lot of very low results it's time for him to throw the ball. All Might can see the dilemma in the boy's face, if he doesn’t use the quirk he’ll lose, if he uses the quirk he’ll lose. Aizawa is only waiting for an opportunity to point out that his quirk is ill-suited for him, for battle, for hero work.He watches, holding his breath, as young Midoriya throws the ball.46 meters.Aizawa quickly shortens the distance between himself and the boy and starts talking to him. All Might can’t hear them but he can guess. Aizawa's quirk is the ability to erase other people's quirks. His colleague has used his quirk to stop young Midoriya from hurting himself.All Might is grateful but worried too.All he can do is watch. ------ ‘Ridiculous, Deku! I can’t believe you have not died from shame yet!’“Midoriya is not doing very well, is he?”Katsuki can hear the stick-up-ass guy and the hag talking. He smirks.“Well duh. What do you expect from a quirkless like him?”“Quirkless? Midoriya? Haven’t you heard about his feats during the practical exam? That incredible punch of his? That was clearly a quirk.”“What punch?”“Midoriya’s.”“Who?”For some reason, they are looking at him like they think he is being stupid.Stick-up-ass turns to look at Izuku and the teacher.“What do you think he is telling him?”“Probably the way to the door.” Katsuki says in a falsely uninterested voice.The teacher leaves Izuku alone in the white circle. He is getting ready to throw again.‘Just give up already.’Katsuki is really ready to close this chapter of his life.That’s not Izuku’s plan.Izuku swings his arm and then, suddenly, an incredible wind pressure erupts from his fingers propelling the ball that disappears from view in a flash.705.3 meters.“Oh, there we go, that’s what I was expecting!” says the hag enthusiastically.Katsuki’s mind feels a strange empathy towards that ball. His mind too was thrown away in a flash. The only difference is that the ball traveled 705.3 meters, his mind a couple kilometers and then collided with a wall. Hard.He reacts purely with instinctive rage.“I’M GONNA MURDER THE SHIT OUT OF YOU DEKUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!”Katsuki is already halfway to Izuku’s, DEKU, neck.He recovers a fragment of lucidity when he realizes that he is actually immobilized, his hands are clawing the air. Katsuki starts to struggle inside the grasp of some sort of strings that looks like fabric. Except they are stupidly resistant. He tries to use his quirk to explode them. No use.“What is this shit?! Let me go!!”“This is a capture weapon made of carbon fibers. Stop using your quirk, I’m getting dry eyes over here.”The teacher. His quirk lets him nullify other's quirks as long as they are in his eyes sight and works only with his eyes open, it stops as soon as he closes them.Katsuki’s mind is registering this information somewhere, but the 99% of his focus in literally everywhere else.Izuku is looking around avoiding his gaze with all his might.
Guilt. Guilt. Guilty.
Katsuki stops struggling. Izuku escapes, literally, from him and reaches the rest of their classmates. The teacher decides that he is not a danger to others anymore and releases him. He doesn’t even try to move. He is trembling too much, from intense anger and shock.Katsuki can only vaguely hear people asking Izuku what is wrong with him. 
What’s wrong with me.
 ***
Two kids are taking a stroll in a forest. 

They have nets for catching bugs in their hands.

“Quirks are so cool, Kacchan! I hope I get mine soon! And I hope it’s something amazing, just like yours!”

“Ha! No matter what quirk you get, it’ll never be better than mine, Deku!”
*** Katsuki's body is cold and yet blazing hot. His red eyes are staring holes in Izuku's skull with all the anger he can muster. Izuku is stubbornly refusing look at him.‘Since when? Since when he can pull off something like that? The hell was that? He is quirkless. Even the stupid doctors have told him that. One doesn’t wake up one day and becomes crazy strong! This makes no sense whatsoever! If that really was a quirk…’The teacher is saying something, only a portion of his mind is listening.“I was lying about expelling someone. That was… a rational deception… meant to bring out the best in all of you!”His classmates start squeaking so he tunes down their voices completely from his ears. He looks at the result list. His blood becomes even colder.3rd place.His name is below those of a random girl and a random guy. He can’t even conjure an image of their faces. The other people in the class were not supposed to be better than him in the first place.
'I lost.'
And Deku still doesn’t look at him.‘If that was a quirk… Does this mean he had it since he was a kid? The WHOLE damn time?’He can feel his nails digging into his palms.
You lied to me, didn’t you?!




Chapter End Notes
The different POVs are starting to take form!I encourage you to pay close attention to how events/names/numbers of inner dialogues change depending on who is narrating. This may or may not give you a better understanding of their personality.As you can notice, none of them has a complete view of the world surrounding them. For example, Katsuki doesn't use names of people he doesn't recognize.The 1st and 2nd places of the quirk test were taken by Todoroki and Yaoyorozu, but since Katsuki don't recognize them for him they are "random girl and random guy".See you soon! :)


Then why everything is collapsing?
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Izuku makes his way out of the school ground with Ida. The school nurse, Recovery Girl, had healed his broken finger after the test ended.‘I’m lucky that almost everything did go in the right direction. I was really afraid that Mr. Aizawa was going to expel me… He is right, I can’t keep injuring myself using my new quirk, I need to learn how to control it!’While Ida is passionately talking about Mr. Aizawa teaching method Uraraka, the nice girl from earlier, joins them.“So you’re Tenya Ida and you're Midoriya Deku, right? I’m Uraraka Ochako!”Izuku loses balance for a second.“Deku?!”Uraraka looks a bit perplexed.“But that’s what that Bakugou guy was calling you earlier, right?”Izuku frantically shakes his head.“That’s just… Kacchan insulting me, really. My real name is Izuku!!”“Ohh, I see, I’m sorry! But I kinda like Deku, you know? It sounds like ‘You can do it!’”Izuku is stunned. Then he just stutters the first thing that comes to mind.“D-D-Deku is fine then!!”Izuku still can’t believe how easy it’s for him to make friends now, he is really glad he got into U.A. ------ The second day of school is the first time he can finally teach to young Midoriya and his classmates.All Might, in his powerful an muscular form, feels a bit worried about his lesson. It’s not going to be easy for his young pupil, but he really needs to stop play favorites.“HERO BASIC TRAINING!”He puts as much enthusiasm in his presentation as he can.“No time to dilly-dandy, young girls and boys, today we are having a battle simulation! Get ready, wear your heroes costumes and follow me to the training ground!”His pride and joy, his students, are indeed looking wonderful in their costumes. He is filled with so much hope for the future that he can feel his chest bursting.“Indoor anti-personnel battle training! It’s a common mistake to think that most of the villains' actions are out in the open! Statistically speaking most crimes happen indoor! That’s why, for this simulation, we will split into two sides, heroes and villains. A hero team and a villain team, composed of two people each, will face off in a two versus two battle! The villain team is hiding a nuclear weapon inside a hideout. The hero team will have 15 minutes to either catch both villains or touch the weapon. If this doesn’t happen then villain team wins!”“How are we gonna decide the teams?”All Might shows three boxes.“We will… draw lots!”After a few minutes, finally, everyone is assigned a partner.‘Young Midoriya’s partner is that exquisite young girl he saved during the practical exam, her quirk lets her nullifying gravity.’All Might then draws the first two teams that will face each other.“Team A are the heroes, Team D are the villains!”Team A is young Midoriya and the young Uraraka, Team D is… young Bakugou and his partner, young Ida.For a brief moment All Might almost lets his smile fade before he catches himself.Yesterday he watched Aizawa’s lesson until the very end. He has seen not only young Midoriya brave action but young Bakugou irrational and exaggerated outburst too. There is a feeling of anxiety in his stomach now. Not that he’s afraid that young Bakugou will seriously kill his pupil, and even if he tries he’ll be there ready to stop him. It’s something else.‘There is something that worries me in young Bakugou, I can’t really explain it rationally. Actually, to be precise, what makes me anxious is the strange relationship between him and my pupil. I can feel a tangled mess of unresolved feelings inside both of them. I want them to overcome whatever that is and grown. I’m going to keep a close eye on them.’All Might guides the other students to the monitoring room, while the two competing teams take their position. ------ Izuku tried all evening to not let his thoughts go anywhere near Katsuki. His reaction during the day honestly scared him. He was expecting it but to actually experiencing it in reality was much worse.  Today he decided to stop hiding, he was going to be a hero, he couldn’t let Katsuki scare him out of his skin every single time.That’s why, when Katsuki tied to meet his eyes earlier, Izuku stared back.‘I want him to understand and accept the fact that I’m not going to give up.’At first, Katsuki looked shocked that he was actually keeping eye contact with him, but then his face contorted in a very ugly and angry expression.‘How great. I’ve made him even angrier at me.'Outside of the building with Uraraka he tries to think of some useful strategies or any kind of advantage that he could use to beat the villain team. To beat Katsuki.“Hey Deku. Can you tell me something? I don’t really understand your relationship with Bakugou. Are you two friends?”“Honestly?  Sometimes not even I understand. We are childhood friends, that much is certain. Everything else is unclear. He is pretty mean to everyone, sure, but to me especially. And yet he is not that mean either. I mean… we still have spent most of our lives together. When… we were little kids…”‘When I still had hope for my quirk.’“We were best friends, but after he developed his quirk he started to boss me around and push me away. It was never him who searched for my company, it was always me. But even if he kept pushing me away by being mean I still wanted to be near him. Because I think he is amazing. His goals, his confidence, his strength, his instinct and his quirk… Everywhere I look I find something amazing. Well, his personality excluded. That can be better.”As he stops talking he realizes that he has been going on for quite awhile, like he was actually talking to himself there.‘I’ve probably bored her to death!’“A-anyway, that’s why a really want to beat him… I don’t want to lose to him anymore.”Uraraka gives him a smile.“So you two are like fated rivals or something? Sound cool! Let’s do our best!”‘Yeah, this time I’m gonna stand up to him. I’m not going to run away.’ -------- “Hey, Deku really has a quirk…?”Katsuki doesn’t know why he feels the need to ask this to stick-up-ass, of all people, but he is literally the only person around right now.“You saw his extraordinary strength, didn’t you? Why are you so interested in this?”Katsuki is trembling with an anger he never felt before. His surrounding are blurry in his eyes, he didn’t register a second of the lesson, he doesn’t even know how he got there. Or where he is.‘You lied to me, you lied, YOU LIED THIS WHOLE TIME! I'M GONNA MURDER YOU!’Once again he finds himself running without realizing. He is not going to stop until he finds him. Wherever he is. He has spent the whole evening, the whole night, boiling in his anger. No more. He is going to set things straight this time.Deku on target.Katsuki starts the fight with a blast right in front of him. Miss. He turns to face him through the smoke and dust.“Deku. Don’t dodge.” he says with a low, dangerous voice.He only barely registers the existence of another human being close by. No matter. He charges his quirk in his right hand and prepares to hit. Only to be caught by Deku, who blocks his arm and then slams him on the floor. Katsuki needs a moment to recover.“Kacchan, you always start a fight with your right arm. I’ve analyzed heroes that I think are awesome. After all the time we have spent together… I know everything about you! Deku… Deku isn’t always going to means useless…! DEKU NOW MEANS ‘YOU CAN DO IT!’”Katsuki stands slowly and he positions himself like a beast ready to attack.“Even though you are scared… You keep spouting nonsense…! THAT’S WHAT I HATE ABOUT YOU THE MOST!!”He explodes his quirk in his hands behind his back to propel himself forward, full speed toward Deku.“Uraraka go without me!”“WORRY ABOUT YOURSELF!”Katsuki tries to kick him in the face but Deku blocks him with the capture tape, the same that the teacher used yesterday. He swings his right arm again, but Deku jumps out of his way and starts to run away.“GET BACK HERE, DEKU!!”Katsuki tries to follow him but he’s soon lost in a labyrinth of corridors. He didn’t even know what was around them until now.‘IS HE RUNNING AWAY?! HE IS RUNNING AWAY!!’He starts to run without even care for the direction, he kicks all the doors he encounters.‘HE LIED TO MY FACE FOR TEN YEARS! All this time, using his puppy eyes to tell everyone that he was quirkless. I even believed him!! Instead look at him! That stupid quirk is strong as hell! He certainly doesn’t need any protection! He is probably stronger than me! Unbelievable! All this time I always thought I was the one who was supposed to prote---‘ ***
Katsuki is walking on a trunk of a fallen tree, using it as a bridge to cross a river.

Suddenly he loses his balance and fells into the water.

“You okay there?” one of his friends ask.

“He is strong, no need to worry!” answers for him another.

It’s true, he is just fine.

Then Izuku jumps into the river and offers him his hand.

“Are you okay? Can you stand?”

 Katsuki freezes.

Why?

“You are not hurt, are you?”

WHY ARE YOU LOOKING AT ME LIKE I’M THE ONE WHO NEEDS HELP?
*** Since they were kids, sometime he would look at him like that. Like he knew that Katsuki needed his help. Like he thought Katsuki needed his help.‘I don’t need any fucking help! What kind of help was he offering? Was it because he knew that he could help?  Was it because he already was hiding his quirk? Was him… making fun of me?’He stops dead on this track, thoughts exploding in his brain.‘He was making fun of me. He was making fun of me.’
 
***
Izuku hands are trying to dig into the sludge villain.

His eyes are full of tears but determined.

Katsuki finally frees his mouth.

“The hell are you doing here Deku?!”

Izuku looks at him and tries to smile.

“Your eyes looked like they were calling me!”

***

 
‘HE WAS MAKING FUN OF ME. HE MADE FUN OF ME FOR TEN FUCKING YEARS!’He starts screaming on top of his lungs.“YOU TRICKED ME, YOU BASTARD! GOT A FLASHY QUIRK, HAA?! WAS IT FUN, HAA?! COME AT ME, LET ME SEE JUST HOW MUCH BETTER THAN MINE IS YOUR QUIRK!!” --------- ‘You are misunderstanding Kacchan!’Izuku keeps an eye on the surrounding from the corner he is hiding. His stomach is squeezed tightly.  He feels really terrible right now, there are so many things that he wants to explain to Katsuki.‘I can’t, I promised All Might that this was our secret. I can’t explain but I have to do something. This is getting more and more horrible by the minute.’Deep in thought he doesn’t notice Katsuki, standing behind him. A premonition makes him turn.He has never see Katsuki, Kacchan, looking like this before.He is pointing his right palm at him, but that’s not the problem. His face looks seriously ready to murder, his grin is not wide like always, his skin is pale and tense like it’s going to snap if he smiles too much. His eyes… they are bloodthirsty, so small Izuku can barely see any red in them. He can count all the little blood vessels in them if he wants.‘Now I can totally see why people call him a demon.’“Well? Not gonna use your incredible secret weapon?” his voice is almost light and calm, almost.He looks like a predator, playing with his prey before eating it. Or like a madman. He points the gauntlets that are mounted on both his arms.“Being the stalker that you are you already know how my quirk works. My sweat is a fuel and I can apply a bit of mental pressure on my palm to make it explode. These things are made appositely to store as much as possible of my fuel. Can you see where I’m going with this?”“Wait, you aren’t gonna…”He never gets to finish the sentence as a massive, blazing hot, explosion completely destroys all the surrounding walls and leaves everything in ruins. The blowback sends him flying for 3 meters. Izuku takes a whole 30 seconds to recover his ability to move, his ears are ringing. He can see Katsuki talking but he is not able to understand what he is saying.‘Is this building going to be okay? He kinda destroyed the walls here…’When finally his ears decided to cooperate he can hear Uraraka, from the other side of his earphone.“Deku!! You okay? If you can, can you please destroy the pillar by the window?!”“All right, got it.”‘To do that I need to go past Kacchan… This is not going to be easy!’He gets up and prepares for the fight.‘I can do this. I have spent years of my life watching you train alone. Almost every day after school we would hide somewhere without witnesses and you would do physical training first and after having worked up a good amount of sweat, quirk training. I would watch, learning every single detail about you. The way you run, the way you move, the way you breathe, the way you jump, the sound that your hands make when they are heating up,  the quantity of sweat needed for this or that blast. How far you can reach with your best shot. How fast you can propel yourself, on the ground and in the air. I know every step you take, ‘cause I know everything about you.’Katsuki, Kacchan, is getting closer using a blast to jump high.‘Often you would tell me to get lost, to not follow you in your training spot. Yet you never actually sent me away. I would sit a bit farther, open my notebook and start writing. Do you know Kacchan? I have three notebooks full of you.’He can only do what he can do, his best. He tries to go for the right arm again, but this time Katsuki predicts his move and throws a blast on his back. Izuku prepares for the pain, he can only guess how much an explosion hurt. He is very surprised when the pain doesn’t come.“Here I come, Deku!”Katsuki catches his arm and after a quick spin he throws him on the floor.‘Kacchan… That blast was not even near your full power, and you even gave me a warning before approaching me… You are going easy on me on purpose! You are so mad at me and yet you are not directly hurting me. You are so gentle Kacchan.’------- All Might's stomach is hurting, his smile is present but very still.‘What kind of crazy relationship does those two have?’Truthfully, he has a good idea of what’s happening. Young Midoriya didn’t have a quirk until he gave him his. He more or less guessed that young Bakugou knew his pupil from before, he probably knew him as quirkless.Thanks to his earphone he can hear his students talking and that gives him a better understanding of the situation.‘Young Bakugou feels betrayed by young Midoriya. He feels lied to. That’s understandable but this is a bit over the top. That blast could have killed him!’He watches the screen intensely as the other students start to argue if he should stop the match. He knows that a good teacher shouldn’t let this kind of violent behavior stand but… He can’t bring himself to stop them. He simply gives young Bakugou a warning about using these gauntlets of his.Now young Midoriya is on the floor. All Might has a flash of revelation.‘All this time young Bakugou has screamed about how mad he is, about how he is going to fight him seriously… but that’s not what’s actually happening, isn’t it? That blast before could have seriously hurt him, instead, the only thing that reached young Midoriya was the wind pressure. I thought it was just luck but... was it on purpose? Even now young Bakugou is containing his strength as much as he can. My question is, is he realizing what he is doing?’All Might takes a second to look at them, they are now facing each other.‘I suspect that young Bakugou’s mind is a jumble right now. He is mad, extremely mad, yet he doesn’t want to seriously hurt young Midoriya. He has such intense emotions…  How important is young Midoriya for him exactly? How important is young Bakugou for my pupil exactly?’All Might has a feeling. He thinks he finally understands what this is all about.‘I should stop them before something happens that both of them will regret for all their lives… At the same time, I think that is imperative that I don’t stop them. They need to solve this mess somehow. It’s crucial.’He readies himself to jump in at a moment notice. ------ “WHY WON’T YOU USE YOUR QUIRK? ARE YOU MAKING FUN OF ME, EVEN NOW? EVEN SINCE WE WERE KIDS, ALWAYS! I KNOW YOU ARE LOOKING DOWN ON ME!!”“You’re wrong! It’s because you’re so awesome… that I want to stand on your level!”“STOP LOOKING AT ME LIKE THAT, YOU DAMNED NERD!”‘He doesn’t even take me seriously, awesome my ass!’Deku is running towards him, a punch ready. 'Finally, come at me with all you've got!!'Throwing all this thought out of his head he does what he does best. Act on instinct only.He jumps forward lifting his right arm and exploding as soon as he makes contact with something. What his palm meets is Izuku’s left arm which is covering his face in an attempt to protect it. Izuku’s right arm is smashing the air above them.‘No, not the air, the ceiling. This has nothing to do with our fight, he is trying some crazy plan.’Had Katsuki paid any attention to the lesson he would have known that Izuku was helping his partner and winning the battle simulation. He hadn’t. He can only stare at the massive hole in the ceiling without understanding. Their fight is completely forgotten, along with his anger.‘Had that thing actually hit me I would probably be dead now.’      He feels completely empty and cold. Everything feels wrong.“I didn’t want to use it. The blowback messes me up too much…”Katsuki’s attention snaps back to Earth. He stares at Izuku.The person in front of him has a horrible, dark red burn on the majority of his left arm’s skin. His costume is full of holes, burns and scratches. His hair messier than usual. His face is dirty, covered in dust and smoke. The worst part is the eyes.They are empty like the consciousness that should be behind them is not quite there. They are opaque like they aren’t actually seeing anything at all.“But that was… all I could think of…”Even his voice sounds empty, but Katsuki can feel that he is trying his very best to speak. It has that hint of urgency and desperation.Then Izuku collapses.Then Izuku collapses.Then Izuku collapses.Katsuki’s heart is frozen solid. All the oxygen seems to have disappeared from the world. Katsuki gasps desperately but he just can’t breathe… and he is trembling… and Izuku… and he is cold… and how could this… and his shoulders are going up and down faster and faster… and black spots are in his field of vision… and—“Young Bakugou.”Katsuki jumps, startled, when a hand settles on his shoulder. He looks up. All Might.“Everything will be alright, calm down and take a deep breath.”After Izuku is sent to the infirmary Katsuki just follows All Might.Inside a room with people.‘Ah right… classmates...'He absently thinks. The next minutes are a mass of memories that he will not be able to remember clearly later.He watches his classmates fight. All of them looks incredibly capable and strong in his eyes.
I was supposed to show my strength.

I was supposed to be the strongest.

 

Then why everything around me is collapsing?




Chapter End Notes
Was I able to convey all the feelings that I wanted, I wonder? See you very soon.


Kacchan is dead and buried!
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“Alright, everyone! Let’s review today simulation!”All Might is standing in front of his students in the monitoring room.“First of all the MVPs of this simulation are… young Todoroki and young Ida! Can any of you tell me why?”“Mr. All Might!” says young Yaoyorozu, a fine lady with a quirk that can create any object she wants.“Go ahead, my dear!” “Todoroki found a creative way to get to the weapon without fighting and damaging anything, furthermore he kept his teammate safe. Freezing the whole building was both impressive and functional. Ida instead didn’t fight but he was the only one in that fight to actually keep his role. Bakugou acted on his own because of an obviously personal grudge and it was extremely foolish to launch a large-scale attack indoors. In the same way, Midoriya greatly damaged the building and himself. Uraraka’s plan was reckless if that was a real weapon it would have sustained damage.”‘S-she explained it better than I would have!!’All Might steals a glance at young Bakugou, very worried. He looks more dead than alive.He is sure now, his feeling is definitely correct. ------ Izuku wakes up in the infirmary, his arm is not completely healed but it doesn’t hurt anymore.  He quickly excuses himself, not really wanting to get another long and tiring lecture.While he is reaching his classroom he ponders the situation.‘Kacchan is surely angry with me. Not angry, he is probably furious… I can understand why he thinks that I have lied to him, after all not even I knew that obtain someone else's quirk was a possibility. I absolutely need to tell him… something!”Izuku decides to leave aside any complicated plan. When he’ll be in front of him the right words will surely come on their own. Probably.He opens the classroom door and immediately fixes his gaze on Katsuki's empty desk.Izuku looks around and sees all his classmates chat in a friendly manner in small groups. Katsuki is nowhere to be seen. Uraraka notices him.“Deku! She didn’t heal your injuries?!”“Ah! That’s because I don’t have enough energy left to… More importantly! You know where Kacchan is?”Uraraka gives him a long look, for some reason. Izuku fidgets a little. She smiles.“We tried to stop him but he decided to go home for today, if you hurry I’m sure you can still find him somewhere in the school.”“Thanks, Uraraka!”Izuku runs for the stairs. Katsuki should be on this path if he wants to leave the school quickly.“Kacchan!”He is almost at the gates, luckily he is walking slowly.“Kacchan!”“What?”His voice is a strange mix of ‘leave me alone’ and ‘go die’. Izuku tightens his expression. He can’t falter now but he can’t tell him his secret either.“I can’t say much, but you have the right to at least know this. I got this quirk from someone else.”Katsuki doesn’t react at all. Izuku needs to fill the silence.“On top of that I can’t even use it right, this borrowed power it’s still too much for me… That’s why I tried to fight you without using it! But I had to rely on it…! That’s why I need to train so that I can fight you when my power will be my own!”‘Wait… what? I came here to tell him I wasn’t tricking him… and I ended up telling him something else entirely!!’Izuku can feel the dread falling over him like pouring rain.‘Now he is gonna murder me, again…’ ----- ‘Borrowed power? Fight me? What CRAP are you spinning around, again, DEKU?! Are you trying to make me angry all over again?! This is seriously a bad day so just shut your trap!’ Katsuki opens his mouth to say any of this, but a lump in his throat cuts the words before they are even formed. Something else comes out.“I…! I’ve lost to you today! Not only to you… that icy bastard! I realized that I can’t beat him in a head-on-head fight. All of them… I thought that I could beat all of them in a snap and yet every single one of them today looked way better than me! “He knows that he is trembling again, but he doesn’t know if it’s from anger or what. His voice slowly but surely starts to become a tearful yell. His hands are claws while he turns to face Izuku.“And that ponytail girl, I even ended up agreeing with her! She is right, I was foolish in today fight, I completely lost my mind!!”Katsuki slaps one hand on his face and tightens his grip on it.“Damn, that was stupid, stupid! I’m ashamed of myself! Damn it! Damn it! DAMN IT!”He pulls back his hand and makes fists. In his eyes there are tears of humiliation.“This ends here, it won’t happen again! Never again! That’s why…”For the first time he looks directly into Izuku’s eyes.“Don’t talk to me ever again! Don’t come near me ever again! Don’t even look in my direction ever again, got that?! From now on ‘Kacchan’ is dead and buried!”Katsuki wipes his tears and starts to walk away.‘Fuck this shit, damn all of it! I hate every single thing in this world!’He wipes his tears once again. ----- “So, are those two a thing yet?”Uraraka Ochako turns to look at her new friends. Ashido Mina, a peculiarly looking girl with a pink skin tone, and Asui Tsuyu a girl with really long black hair. She smiles at them.“I don't think they are, but they sure give that vibe.”The three of them look outside of the window. Bakugou is walking away while Deku is still standing in his place looking at his back.“What were they talking about?” asks Asui Tsuyu.“No idea, but whatever that was it didn’t go well I’m afraid.” Ashido Mina is grinning with maliciousness.“Do you want to help them getting together??”“I don’t plan on play Cupid if this is what you’re asking. I have a feeling that we don’t really need to interfere anyway.”“Weeell, as you like. I’m going to have some fun with dear Bakugou! This totally looks worth of my time!”Ochako sighs and gives her an indulgent look.“Just don’t overdo it.” ------ The following day Izuku enters the classroom and stops in front of Katsuki's desk.He looks at him for a bit. No reaction, Katsuki is looking straight ahead.“Good morning.”Izuku swallows the ‘Kacchan’.A “Tsk!” is the only reward he gets. Katsuki refuses to acknowledge his existence.Izuku sits at his desk irritated.‘He is so stupidly stubborn sometimes!’
Sometimes I really hate you.

I’ll be the one who decides if Kacchan is dead and buried!




Chapter End Notes
Keep in mind that in this backstory they never stopped being friends, not even in middle school, so even if Kastuki is the person he is and treats him the way he does, he considers Izuku a friend.The "Kacchan is dead and buried" means that Katsuki is truly revoking Izuku's right to call him that and consequentially his status of friend. Izuku is not going to accept it so easily though. Some chapters will be longer, others a bit shorter.The reason is the titles.Have you noticed my little game?I wonder if you have guessed the rules behind the titles :)I'll make a list of them in my next note. See you soon enough!


I want it to be your fault.
Chapter Notes
I have something important to say about the rules of the cavalry battle. (Yes, the second prove of the Sports Festival)I completely changed them because I didn't want to do complicated calculations, sorry!  :°)I hope I have made them so it's easier to keep track of the points.Basically, I have given our three beloved boys a set amount of points and forced them to use that amount.In other words, as long as you keep track of these three headbands you should be good to go!I've explained them in the chapter, of course, but I wanted to make sure that no one would be completely lost after reading something unexpected, so I'm giving a warning in advance!Thank you and sorry!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




That day was the first of many bad days for Katsuki.Not only the day after Izuku broke all three rules in 5 seconds flat, no talking, no coming closer, no looking, but all the others have apparently decided to get on his nerves too.Starting with the teacher who told him to grow up. Passing through some pink girl who, during the class president election, told him that Midoriya looks like a perfect class president. Continuing with a frog-looking girl with long black hair who, on the bus on their way for an exercise, said that Bakugou is so unhinged, he’ll never be popular, and then she had gone on about that Todoroki guy, the icy bastard with half red half white hair. Finishing with Izuku who during the exercise called him Kacchan again, completely ignoring what he said to him.‘Damn idiots, every single last one of them!’That exercise ended up being, admittedly, something else. Villains, real ones, appeared on the field, separated the students from the teachers and then a big scale fight started. Katsuki quickly blew away all the villains in his way and somehow ended up grabbing Izuku’s costume and throwing him away from some danger.“Kacchan! Thank you!” he said.
Little bastard.
Everything ended when All Might made his appearance on the scene. The opportunity to watch him in action so close by made him really pumped up for the future. All Might truly was impressive. A worthy last rival to beat.Then, when the fight was already decided, for some inexplicable reason, Izuku jumped in the way, trying to help All Might. Katsuki didn’t really see what happened after that, a wall blocking the view.He remembers thinking that he can’t understand Izuku anymore. -------- Izuku is trying to make himself conformable in his gym uniform. The Sports Festival is about to start and he has to give his best. All Might is counting on him.The villains’ attack scared him a bit. All Might was forced to push beyond his current limit. The wound that he sustained years ago forces him into losing his strong and muscular form after a couple hours of use a day. He has to spend the rest of the time in a weak and tired looking form.Almost no one knows about this, it’s a secret between trusted people. All Might wants him to make One for All his own power as soon as possible because he won’t be able to save the day for much longer. Izuku will become his successor.‘That villain… the one that looked like the boss, he seems to know about One for All. He said that my quirk is just like All Might’s… I wonder if he understood that I’m supposed to be his successor.’“Midoriya.”Izuku was too deep in thought to notice Todoroki, his most silent classmate, standing behind him.“Todoroki… what is it?”“From an objective point of view, I think we can agree that I’m stronger than you.”“Huh?! Yeah, sure…”“I don’t know why but I think that All Might has an eye on you. For this reason I want to ask you to become my rival. I want to beat you.”Izuku clenches his fists.“I’m not sure why you feel the need to tell me this. You’re clearly stronger, I can’t measure up to most of you here but… Everyone, even the students of Class 1-B, is aiming for the top.”Izuku looks Todoroki straight in his eyes.“No matter what I don’t want to fall behind. I’m going to do my very best!”Todoroki nods.An hour later Izuku is standing inside a big arena, the crowd on the stands is massive. He looks around feeling extremely intimidated. Present Mic. is, as his name suggests, the presenter of the event.“Very well, all our wonderful contestants are here! Let’s make this Festival exciting! You may even attract some pro’s attention! Let’s start with the starting speech of the students representative! From Class 1-A… Bakugou Katsuki!!”Izuku’s eyes pop out of his head.‘WHAT?!’“Why Kacchan?!”He hears himself saying. Katsuki emerges from somewhere behind him, bumps his shoulder into Izuku’s so hard that he almost ends up on the ground and then stands on the podium with his hands on his pockets. Izuku waits for him to speak while holding his breath.“I just want to say… I’m gonna win this.”The other students start to protest loudly. Katsuki raises his voice.“What?! You got a problem with me?! You’re all my stepping stone! You pieces of garbage!”After saying his piece he returns to his spot, bumping shoulder with Izuku again, the other students and the crowd are throwing insults at him. Izuku covers his face with his hands, feeling the heat growing in his cheeks.‘Kacchan, why can’t you be a tiny bit friendlier? Just a tiny bit! And why you feel the need to bump shoulder with me every single time!’“Well then, let’s discover today first event!”Izuku can already feel that this is going to be a very long day. ------- “The first event is… OBSTACLE COURSE RACE!!”All Might, in his weak form, is observing the Festival from a secret spot. He can’t stay in his strong form all day so he reluctantly agreed to take a seat in a hidden area of the stands.‘Young Midoriya, I’m counting on you!’He watches the start of the race, the initial confusion at the starting line as everyone tries to gain advantage and then he observes young Todoroki taking the lead by using his quirk to freeze all his opponents. Most of the students of Class 1-A successfully free themselves in a couple of second and then the second obstacle enter in the picture.The giants robot-villain of the practical exam test. Young Todoroki once again sends a wave of ice, freezing all of them in one go. He slips past them with ease. Young Bakugou quickly follows him by propelling himself up in the air with his explosion, literally flying past them. Other students start to imitate their example using their special quirk. Not his pupil.‘You can do it, young Midoriya, you just need to think!’After a bit of hesitation his pupil picks up a metal plate and uses it as a shield. Not very impressive but it works.  The third obstacle is a canyon full of pillars of rock connected by ropes.  Young Todoroki reaches the other side first but he is immediately caught by young Bakugou, who of course gets past the obstacle using his peculiar flying ability.All Might can hear the crowd commenting on these actions.“You know the flame hero, Endeavor? That ice quirk user is his son.”“Ah, makes sense that he is so talented, having the blood of the Number 2 hero!”All Might focus on the race again when Present Mic. describes the last obstacle.“It’s a minefield! A deadly carpet! Well, they are not actually deadly but they are loud and flashy enough that you may need a change of underwear!”Young Todoroki and young Bakugou are yet again the first two to arrive. He can hear the two talking through the monitor. Well, technically only young Bakugou is talking, young Todoroki doesn’t seem interested in what he is saying.“Hey you, half and half! You have declared war to the wrong person!”He starts to actively fight young Todoroki in the middle of the minefield. The others take advantage of that to shorten the gap for first place. All Might still can’t see young Midoriya.A huge explosion at the starting end of the field catches him by surprise. He can’t believe what he’s seeing.‘Young Midoriya! You purposely dragged multiple mines together to make them explode all at once and use the blast to propel yourself into the air!’All Might is shocked and a bit amused.‘I wonder from who you got this idea!’ -------- ‘It’s working! It’s more intense that I was expecting! But I caught up with them!’The acceleration from the blast is fading fast. He is falling.‘Wait, the landing! I didn’t think that far ahead!’Izuku steals a glance behind the metal plate. Todoroki is looking at him with surprise while Katsuki… looks mad as always. Their eyes meet and Katsuki extends a hand toward him, to catch him, to throw him on the ground. Izuku reacts fast. He slams the metal plate hard on the ground below him, right in front of Katsuki, hoping to hit a bomb. He’s lucky.  A second blast sends him flying again.Katsuki momentarily loses his balance because of the blast right in front of his face. Todoroki pulls ahead.The race is finished.Bakugou Katsuki – 3° place.Todoroki Shouto – 2° place. Midoriya Izuku – 1° place.Izuku can’t believe what he’s seeing, what he’s hearing, what he’s living.‘I… I DID IT! I ACTUALLY DID IT! THIS ISN’T A DREAM, IS IT?!’“Congratulation to the top 42, you are qualified for the second round!”Izuku tries to calm down to listen to Present Mc. explanation. “Now for this round we have… A CAVALRY BATTLE! You’ll form teams of four and assume a horse-and-rider formation! You’ll have to steal other teams’ headbands, the value of them depend on the placement at the end of the race, five points to the 42 place and plus five points for each placement above, with three exceptions…”Izuku has a bad feeling.“The person in third place gets 600 points! The person in second place gets 800 points! The person in first place… 10.000 points!”Izuku can feel an instantaneous change in the pressure around him. Everyone is looking at him as if he is the world’s tastiest thing they have ever seen.‘I’m dead. I’m sooooooo dead!!’“The last rule is that only the rider points will be counted as the team starting points, so choose who that is wisely! Ah, of course, the three people that I mentioned before are forced to be a rider! No cheating! Have fuuun!”The next minutes are a complete chaos, everyone is running around to team up with their friends or classmates. Of course, no one wants to be the horse for a 10.000 points guy. Todoroki and Katsuki are swallowed by people who want to team up with them. Izuku’s panic rises fast.“Deku, team up with me!”Uraraka. Uraraka."Uraraka, my savior!!!"“Now, now, don’t cry! I think that teaming up with friends is just right!”“Thank you, I really wanted to team up with you! Now, if we get Ida…”“I’m sorry but I refuse.”Izuku turns to look at Ida surprised.“Ever since the entrance exam I’ve been losing to you. I can’t allow that, Bakugou and Todoroki aren’t the only ones who see you as a rival. Even if we are friends, I want to challenge you!”“It’s fine Ida, I understand, see you on the battlefield!”He smiles at him.‘Then there is another person I want on my team, we are still lacking some power.’Izuku approaches Tokoyami another of his classmates, his quirk lets him control a shadow bird, he is very useful both in attack and in defense. Luckily Tokoyami accepts his offer and they find a fourth member in one of the students of another class who wants to use Izuku’s visibility to shows off her inventions.  After the team is formed and everyone has a designed role, Izuku looks around to check the other teams. Todoroki’s team is composed of Ida, Yaoyorozu and Kaminari, an electric quirk user.Katsuki’s team is composed of Kirishima, his quirk makes his skin hard as a rock, Ashido Mina, her quirk is acid and Sero, a duct tape manipulator.Izuku meets Katsuki’s eyes again. His expression is pretty clear.
I’m gonna come for you, and destroy you!
Izuku’s mind forms a strange thought.
 

If I have to fall, I want it to be your fault and yours only.




Chapter End Notes
Titles game rules!1-They are a sentence (a thought or something someone says out loud) that concludes the chapter.2-Two consecutive chapters for Izuku then two for Katsuki and so on.3-It's always something about the other, or at least it's related to some extent.4-The title is possibly a shorter version of the complete sentence but contains the same exact words.5-It always ends with the same punctuation of the complete sentence. (?!... and so on)Did you guess right? :)They are a bit challenging to make, and there is one I especially don't feel good about, but at the same time it's just something I like to do, it's fun! :)And since I give this much thought to titles... What about the one on top of the entire story?


Sure, over my dead body.
Chapter Notes
Quick reminder: Todoroki Shouto is my own reinterpretation of the character, is not exactly the canon Todoroki.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Shouto doesn’t exactly know how his team was formed. He spaced out a second and these three people were already there. He doesn’t really know who they are.Since he was little he had this problem, faces and names somehow always slipped out of his mind. It’s not like he doesn’t want to remember them, he just can’t. People vanish into nothingness the moment he stops focusing on them. His father, now that’s a face he remembers, always scolded him for that.-You are so similar to your mother! Focused only on yourself, incapable of seeing the bigger picture! How are you supposed to become a hero if you refuse to acknowledge the people around you?!-First of all, he doesn’t refuse anything, it’s something that happens independently of his will, and he didn’t really want to be a hero in the first place.  But that was years ago. Now he wants to be a hero.His final goal is All Might, maybe that’s why his mind chose to remember Midoriya.It happened during the villains’ attack, Midoriya’s quirk was so similar to All Might’s that he thought… No, that’s not enough to prove anything. He can’t explain it rationally. It’s probably his instinct.Shouto doesn’t really trust his instinct, but Midoriya’s face is now stuck in his mind. He finds himself observing him without even realizing. This never happened before. The only faces he could remember until that day were his mother's, his father's and All Might's.For this reason, he chose to become Midoriya's rival, surely his mind acknowledged him for this purpose.He is sure. Midoriya is special. ------- ‘Deku is dead meat!’Immediately after the starting signal everyone, himself included, jump at him. Sure, Izuku can use the hag's quirk and fly, but has he forgot that he can fly too?Katsuki propels himself up in the sky and reaches for Izuku’s headband, only to be blocked by a shadow-bird-thing.‘So this is this guy’s quirk.’Information for later. Right now he needs to be caught by his teammate, the tape guy, before he touches the ground.“Hey man! Give me a warning when you jump, I may not be able to catch you in time!”“Then keep your damn eyes peeled ‘cause I’m not gonna play nice here! These 10.000 points are mine!”While he prepares another explosion the presenter gives a points summary. “Wait a second, beside Midoriya and Todoroki Class 1-A is not looking so hot… Every team has 0 points!”That second of distraction is enough to cause disaster. Some random guy from Class 1-B has slipped behind him and pulled his headband away.“Too easy really, Class 1-A.”Katsuki quickly overcomes the surprise, anger already reaching its critical point.“Give it back you bastard!!”“Instead of aiming for some fleeting first place, we decided to collect all the other headbands and score a solid second place. Reasonable, right?”The 1-B guy smiles at him with condescendence.“Oh, wait I know you. You are the one that got caught by that sludge villain last year, right? How does it feel to be a victim of a villain’s attack on a regular basis?”Katsuki speaks to one of his teammates. His voice low and raw.“Oi, Kirishima… change of plan. Before we go for Deku we are going to murder the shit out of this one!"“Again with the whole murder thing, man? You sure love that word. Whatever, I agree, let’s go!”Kirishima starts running towards him but the 1-B guy shots an explosion in their faces. “What?! That guy has the same quirk as you, Bakugou?!” says Kirishima.“No, my quirk is Copy, I can use other people's quirks at will after I touch them. Well, it was a pleasure, goodbye loser!”Smiling the 1-B guy orders his team to move away.‘I’m not taking any of this shit! He can copy as much as he wants, I’m still gonna destroy him!’Katsuki explodes his left hand, jumps sideways and extends his right toward the neck of that copy guy. Only to collide hard against an invisible wall.“How do you like this quirk?!”‘The bastard is still smiling! As I said, I’M NOT HAVING THIS SHIT!!’Katsuki punches the invisible wall as hard as he can, smashing it into pieces. Then finally his right hand makes contact with the guy’s neck. He grabs and pulls everything that’s there, then he quickly snatches the one on his head to complete the victory. Six headbands are now in his possession. While the duct tape guy catches him before he falls, he screams with all his might.“FUCK YEAH!! NEXT I’M GONNA MURDER DEKU AND THE HALF AND HALF GUY AND WIN THIS CRAP WITH ALL THE POINTS!!!”“You’re savage, man!” comments Kirishima with a smile.------ Izuku and his teammates are trapped in a corner. Thanks to Uraraka’s quirk they are able to jump away from most attacks but their opponents are getting better and better in keep them stuck on the ground.Todoroki freezes most of the other teams and after stealing the closest headband he creates an ice wall separating them from all the others. The ice wall is too high to jump with Uraraka’s quirk alone. They are trapped. Now their only line of defense is Tokoyami’s Dark Shadow.“Kaminari’s electric quirk is a real problem. My Shadow’s power depends on the quantity of light. The brighter the light the weaker I become.”“Thanks for telling me this Tokoyami, let’s just stay as far as possible.”The two teams spend three whole minutes slowly maneuvering around each other to avoid damage, then Ida speaks.“Everyone, I’m about to do something that will render me useless, we won’t get another shot. So be sure to grab it, Todoroki.”Izuku doesn’t even have the time to think about something, to try and do something. Todoroki’s team passes by his side in a flash of colors and leaves only a cloud of dust, Ida’s Super Speed is really something else.Izuku’s headband is in Todoroki’s hand.“This is my secret technique, I was keeping it for a special occasion, I can only use it once, however.”Ida is smiling, proud of himself. Present Mic. starts screaming. “What a reversal!! Team Todoroki now has 10.870 points!! Team Midoriya is down to zero!”Izuku doesn’t have time to panic, there is almost no time left.“Let’s charge them!!”“I can’t attack as long as Kaminari is there! Let’s try to steal someone else's headband!” says Tokoyami.“No good, we don’t know enough about the distribution of the points right now! We can’t risk it!”‘This is too important, not only for me but for everyone on this team. I’m carrying all their hopes! I can’t give up!!’Izuku’s team launches towards Todoroki’s team, which is now stuck because of Ida.Izuku charges his right arm with One for All, he doesn’t have a plan, he can only focus on the two headbands around Todoroki’s neck. ------- Katsuki is exploding ice as fast as he can, time is almost up.“What a reversal!! Team Todoroki now has 10.870 points!! Team Midoriya is down to zero!”He hears Present Mic. summary of the situation.‘Shit Deku, how useless, can’t you even keep your own points?!’The ice wall is broken, now he can see the half-half's team standing still and Izuku’s team reaching for the headbands. Katsuki launches himself into the air once again.Half and half is distracted by Izuku but as soon as he hears the explosion he turns to look at him. Katsuki can see the confusion in the gray and light blue bicolor eyes, he doesn’t seem to know how to react to a double attack coming from opposite directions. Half and half tries to shoot ice but his eyes go wide when he feels the wind pressure coming from Izuku’s arm.He turns again to face Izuku and Katsuki takes the opportunity without hesitation, he grabs one of the headbands wrapped around his neck and pulls. A second later Izuku grabs the other one.“TIME IS UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUP!”Katsuki falls on the ground, the headband in his fist. Half and half is paralyzed with his mouth open, only the headband on his head, the 800 points one, still in his possession. Izuku is emitting a strangled sound. Katsuki knows why.His expression opens in fierce triumph as he lifts his fist and the headband, showing the number written on it.10.000.‘I. FUCKING. DID. IT. I FUCKING DID IT!!’“Woww man! I can’t believe you! You didn’t take all the points, but the vast majority! Spectacular!”His teammates surround him, looking at him from above, while Katsuki is still lying on the ground. He is shaking too much from excitement to stand right now.‘No one can say that I’m not the number one now! This is my victory!’ ------ “First place, with 10.975 points, team Bakugou!!”“Second place, with 800 points, team Todoroki!”“Third place, with 240 points, team Shinso!”“And least, with 70 points, team Midoriya!”Shouto is not really listening, he is looking at his left hand.
He promised. He promised. He promised!
During the battle for a second he has completely lost himself. Midoriya and that other guy jumped at him at the same time and he didn’t know who to give priority with his ice attack. Then he felt the pressure coming from Midoriya's quirk and he decided what to do. Except it was the wrong thing.
He raised his left hand.
How could he possibly have thought about using his father’s quirk? What went wrong?He needs to make things right.“Midoriya, I need to talk to you.”Shouto leads the way, he takes him to an emergency entrance, the long corridor is empty and mostly protected from view.“What do you want to talk about…?”“During that fight you almost made me break my promise. I have observed All Might as much as possible and I recognized the pressure that was coming from you earlier. It’s the same. Are you All Might's illegitimate child or something?”Midoriya looks at him with a very peculiar expression.“No! I’m not, but if I were I would still deny it, so I realize I don’t sound very convincing, but that’s not… Why would you…”“My father is Endeavor. He’s known as Number Two hero and he has always seen All Might as a roadblock. He couldn’t beat him on his own so he came up with another plan. Have you heard of quirk marriage? During the second generation of quirk users people would choose their partner with the sole purpose of creating a strong combination of powers. My father chose my mother for that sole purpose and he broke her. In my memories, my mother is always crying and isolating herself. In the end, he even sent her to the hospital.”Shouto raises his left hand.“For this reason, I refuse to be what he wants. I promised I won’t use my father’s quirk, ever. If I can become a top hero without his quirk I’ll have denied him everything.”Midoriya doesn’t say anything. That’s fine.“Sorry to waste your time.”Shouto walks away. Midoriya runs after him.“I can’t even start to understand the situation you’re in… but I always wanted to help. If I’m here today it’s because of people who helped me become who I am. That’s why…”Shouto looks into Midoriya’s determined eyes.“That’s why I want to try and save you!”…Midoriya is indeed special. ----- Katsuki had followed the half and half and Izuku after the end of the prove. Well, technically he is hidden behind a corner, but still.‘I look like a stupid fangirl sneaking around an idol.’ He banishes the thought.“Are you All Might's illegitimate child or something?”Katsuki almost chokes on his own saliva.‘WHAT THE FLYING FUCK?’The half and half never made an impression of great genius for himself but this was downright demented.‘Deku, All Might’s son, holy cow, this could be a movie!“The Hero’s useless son.” Wait. He is not technically useless anymore, the title doesn’t work. Well, shit.’Katsuki eavesdrops the whole conversation, it’s long and boring really, but it leaves him a bad taste in his mouth.He spends most of the lunch break walking around, trying to figure out what exactly he should do about all this.‘Nothing. I’m not gonna do anything, this has basically nothing to do with me.’Having reached a satisfying conclusion he enters the changing room to eat his packed lunch. Half and half is there, eating lunch on a table.‘I’ll just ignore him.’“You, sorry, got a minute?”‘Nope. NOPE.’“WHO THE FUCK IS ‘YOU’?!”Half and half tilts his head a little.“You.”‘And here I thought I wasn’t going to murder him...!’“Can I ask you something? About Midoriya, you’ve been friends since you were kids, right? Can you tell me more about him? Was he always like this? So determined, so amaz---“Something in Katsuki snaps. He kicks the table in front of him, which hits the wall, and grabs him by the front of the uniform.“Listen well, you half and half bastard. I don’t know why you’re so fixed on him, but I have already told you, you have picked the wrong person. If there is someone you should keep your eyes on that’s me. I want you to come at me with your absolute best. If you refuse to use even a fragment of your talent… I’ll absolutely never forgive you.”Katsuki looks him in the eyes.
“You want to be his rival? Sure, over my dead body.”




Chapter End Notes
I hope no one is outraged by my Todoroki.As I said no one has a complete understanding of the world, Todoroki's POV is especially devoid of details like description of things and people. It's a part of him.  See you soon!


Yeah, that was a blast.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




All Might is very impressed with the Festival so far. During the Cavalry Battle Class 1-B’s strategy was not bad but they made a crucial mistake that young Bakugou could not let pass.
There is a huge difference between people who always aim for the top and people who settle.
The last part was interesting too. All Might had smiled fondly while he watched young Bakugou and young Midoriya reaching for the same thing at the same time. Even young Todoroki’s face had been quite the sight. The boy never showed any emotion on his face before. He is really talented but there is some strange feeling of disconnect when he looks at him. Like the boy is never really there.All Might sees Endeavor leaving his seat. He wants to have a word with him. Switching to his strong form he jumps behind him.“Endeavor, my man, how are you doing?”“All Might. Happy and scatterbrained as usual I see.”All Might laughs loudly and cross his arms over his chest.“Come on Endeavor! Let’s drink something and chat, we have a lot to catch up! You must be proud, your son is doing great!”“Great? Where were you looking? He is supposed to be much better than this. I made him to be better than this.”“You made him?”“I choose his mother with a quirk that was both strong and compatible with mine. I made four children, three of them are useless, they either have mine or her’s. Shouto was my masterpiece, both our quirks are present and in equal measure. Unfortunately, the child inherited his mother personality!”‘Well, this is going somewhere unexpected…’“His mother… That woman is mentally unstable. She was like that from the beginning but after the children were born she started getting worse and worse. In the end, she even tried to kill Shouto. I had to send her to the hospital. That stupid, ignorant, child thinks that everything is my fault and now he hates me. The worst part is that his mother mental instability was passed on him. You are his teacher and you didn’t even notice? His mind doesn’t allow people to enter. For him, everyone is transparent as air. He is completely lost in himself. What a waste! Such perfect product, such huge disappointment! On top of that, he’s even refusing to use my quirk! But you just wait, I’ll find a way to beat some sense into him!”Endeavor walks away and All Might just stands there, the smile paralyzed in his face.‘Hell man, that’s cold…’ ------ Shouto is reaching the arena to hear about the third event of the Festival when he sees the only person in the whole world he doesn’t want to see.“Out of my way.”“You disgrace me, Shouto. You could have crushed both events if you’d used your left side. Grow up, stop rebelling like some petulant child. Remember, your duty is to surpass All Might.”Shouto walks past him without looking in his direction or answers him.“You understand? You are my greatest creation!”“That’s all you have got to say to me? I’ll win with mom’s power alone, I’ll never use yours.”“That may be enough while you are at school, but you’ll reach your limit soon.”Shouto feels his anger rising, his expression is changing shape too, that’s never a good sign.The next hours are a jumble in his mind. He knows that he should watch Midoriya's match but it’s over before he can focus. He is next. Shouto doesn’t look at his opponent, he can only warn him because he is sorry, he really is, but there is nothing that he can do.“I’m sorry about this, please forgive me.”He shoots a wall of ice big enough to cover half the arena. His opponent is frozen solid. He can only offer another apology.“I’m sorry, I overdid it… I was just annoyed.” ------- Izuku is seated in the arena stand watching his classmates fight. He already fought against a guy named Shinso, his quirk is Mental Control. It really had been a close call. He almost crossed the white line of the battleground while being controlled. One for All saved him. Not even All Might could give him an explanation about what happened back there. It was like the quirk had a life of its own.Now the second match is starting. He watches as Todoroki and Sero face each other for like 5 seconds before Sero is trapped in a mountain of ice. Everyone screams in surprise at the sudden attack that is almost touching the crowd. While Todoroki starts to melt his own ice Izuku can’t stop himself from thinking back to their conversation, there’s something really sad in him.-I want to try and save you!-Izuku covers his face with his hands. On the spot, it looked like the right thing to say, it probably was, but when he thinks about it he feels really embarrassed.‘I can’t believe I actually said something so cheesy out aloud!’However it wasn’t a lie, Izuku really wants to save Todoroki, he just doesn’t know how yet. He focuses on the next match, he needs to take as many notes as he can about all the students, you never know when they may be useful. At some point, Uraraka, who is seated next to him, leaves. Izuku is too focused on the matches to notice immediately but when he checks the list of matches he remembers.‘Right, soon is Uraraka turn… against Kacchan… She must be nervous…’He gets up to search for her, after all the current match, Kirishima's rock quirk against a metal quirk, looks like is going to take a while. He finds her in the prep room with Ida.“Uraraka!”“Deku? Don’t you want to watch the matches?”“Yes, but they were really short and now is almost…”“My turn…”“It’s fine, I can’t imagine that Bakugou would give his absolute best against a female…” says Ida.“He will. He absolutely will. He is not the kind of person to make a distinction. No, actually that’s not it. Kacchan always gives 100% during a competition, and he considers an insult whenever someone refuses to do the same for him. It’s like a refusal of acknowledgment for him. So if he does any less than his best it means that he doesn’t respect you as an opponent. That’s not exactly something you should hope for.” Izuku is really serious.“I see, you really know him. In that case you’re right, it won’t sit well with me to receive less than his best. I have to do my best too!”Uraraka looks a bit sad but determined. She gets up and smiles.“I’ll see you in the finals!”Izuku and Ida return to sit in the stands, all their classmates are commenting the oncoming fight.“I’m really worried about this match!”“Yeah, honestly I don’t wanna watch!”Izuku clenches his fists.‘I know that Kacchan’s mentality is difficult to comprehend… But personally, I like it. I don’t think that anyone should give her an easy time just because she is a girl, we are trying to become heroes here after all.’“What do you think of this fight, Midoriya?” asks Ida.“Kacchan is really strong, both in close range and in long range, he virtually has no weakness. He can maneuver in mid-air, but his mobility will be reduced if she can make him float. She needs to find a way to touch him. She should get on the offensive, Kacchan fighting style doesn’t involve much avoiding. He’ll fight her head on!”“I see…”‘Do your best Uraraka!’ --------- “FIGHT… START!!”Ochako immediately jumps forward.‘I need to dodge the first explosion, then touch him to make him float!’The explosion is much bigger than she expects and it hits her right in the face.‘No good! I knew it was coming but I couldn’t dodge it! I need to use the smoke to my advantage to hide!’She has a plan. It’s risky but it’s the only thing he can hang on to. She is secretly scared of Bakugou. Ochako knows that he is not really a bad person, she knows that he won’t really hurt her, but she can’t help it. The predatory glow in his eyes sometimes… She wonders what Deku sees in him exactly. She observes him as he falls for her little decoy. In the cloud of smoke, she has left her jacket behind to trick him. As soon as he shows her his back, she tries to jumps on him again. Bakugou's reflexes are something else. Another blast hits her. She charges forward again.“You are too slow!!”‘I know! I can’t do anything about that now!’One after the other five blasts hit her sending her flying every time. The crowd is shouting now.“It doesn’t matter how good she is at dodging, this is just desperation!”“I can’t watch this! That’s not how a hero should act! If you are this much stronger than she is, just throw her out of the white line! Stop toying with a poor girl, you villain!”Ochako starts to feel irritated.‘Why no one here has any faith that I can win this?’“You there! Are you a pro hero? If that is what you see in this fight then you should change job. She is doing her best and he knows her strength. He is being cautious because he recognizes her as a worthy opponent. It’s because they are both trying their best to win that he can’t hold back!”Mr. Aizawa voice echoes in the arena silencing everyone. Ochako rises with determination for the tenth times, despite the pain.“Thanks Bakugou for not dropping your guard. I’m gonna win!!”Her trap is ready. Covering her movement with the smoke screen caused by the explosions she has sent flying tons of debris. Debris that are now falling on Bakugou’s head. Ochako starts running if she touches him while he is distracted the match is finished.‘HERE I COME! I’LL WIN!!’Bakugou rises his left hand toward the sky, his face filled with concentration.The explosion is so massive, so extensive, so loud that for a second the world stops existing.When Ochako comes back to her senses Bakugou is looking at her from above.“You’ve been hanging out with Deku all this time. I was sure you had some sort of plan and it was not that bad. Still, you didn’t notice mine. Deku probably told you that I can explode my sweat. You didn’t notice that I kept my left hand clutched all this time. I was collecting and saving sweat. Better luck next time, Uraraka.”His eyes are glowing red, he‘s scary, very scary. But… didn’t he just compliment her? Sure, in a roundabout way, but still.‘This is the first time he actually said my name.’Ochako understands Deku’s fascination for Bakugou a little better now.‘Must be terrifying to be on the receiver end of that gaze for years, though. What a Demon Lord!’ ------ Katsuki looks at Uraraka as she tries to stand.‘Now it’s really the time to end this.’The girl is charging at him and he mirrors the move. Suddenly, as he looks her in the eyes, he can see that she is not there anymore. He puts his fists in his pockets while Uraraka collapses. “Uraraka is unable to continue. Bakugou moves to the second round!”Katsuki makes his way back to the prep room without looking back at her. There is something he needs to confirm.“You stupid nerd!”“Whoa, Kacchan! Are you talking to me again?”“No, I’m not! You suggested that, didn’t you? That freaking self-sacrificing scheme of hers!”“I didn’t. That was her idea.”“That’s good then.”‘If Deku had nothing to do with it then that was her best. In that case, this was a good fight. I had fun.’ 
Yeah, that was a blast.




Chapter End Notes
This is the title I don't like.It was supposed to be a sarcastic comment about the end of the fight between Izuku and Todoroki, but then I realized that it would have completely killed the longevity of my next chapter...So I had to change the placement of said comment.I don't like it because it's not really related to Izuku, only to Uraraka and his fight.I decided to accept it nevertheless, but only because I really had no other dialogue between Katsuki and Izuku where Katsuki would make an interesting comment.Speaking of titles... Are you curious about what I mentioned before?Let's just say that I have already dropped some hints.See you soon!


Throw holy water on that Demon Lord.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“You stupid nerd!”“Whoa, Kacchan! Are you talking to me again?”“No, I’m not!”‘Hm, yes, you are?’Izuku met Katsuki on the stairs leading to the prep room.“You suggested that, didn’t you? That freaking self-sacrificing scheme of hers!”“I didn’t. That was her idea.”“That’s good then.”They walk together, even if Izuku is sure that it’s unintentional on Katsuki's part. He won’t complain. Inside the prep room there are some of their classmates.“Yo, villain face! You’re really great at playing the bad guy aren’t you?!” says Sero grinning.“Shut the fuck up, all of you!”“No, really, nice work blowing up that frail girl!”Katsuki walks away, annoyed.“Nothing frail about her.” It's just a whisper. Izuku feels a tiny bloom of fondness in his chest as he hides a smile.‘Yes, he is still the most amazing person I ever met.’Unfortunately, he doesn’t have time to talk to the others, so he starts stretching and warming up, preparing for his second match. Later, on the way to the arena, he meets Endeavor.“There you are. I saw you. That’s an amazing quirk you have, in term of power it seems on par with all Might. Shouto, my son, has a duty to surpass All Might. The fight against you will prove a valuable test. Do your best. That’s all I have to say.”“I’m not All Might…”“Well, of course you’re not---““Of course I’m not. Just as Todoroki isn’t you.” Izuku is more determined than ever to do something about this whole situation as he leaves Endeavor and reaches the arena. Todoroki is already waiting for him.“Are you ready?” asks him Todoroki.“Yes, let’s do our best!”‘He is gonna attack with his ice as soon as the fight start, I have to stop him before he freezes me!’“START!!”Izuku snaps his index finger, a huge wind pressure erupts and destroys Todoroki’s wall of ice.“I expected as much.” comments Todoroki calmly. The scene repeats itself eight times, all Izuku's fingers are now broken because of One for All. ‘Todoroki’s more than just his quirk, he has good judgment, execution, mobility… He is strong, but he has a weak point!’“I’m sorry for all this. I appreciate it, though Midoriya. Thanks to you my father is looking unhappy right now. Now, let’s end this.”“Who says I’m done?! You are shivering, Todoroki!”They look at each other. The right half of Todoroki's body is covered in little ice fragments.“Quirks are still just physical abilities. You must have a limit to how much of that cold you can bear! You could use your left side to warm yourself, right? Everyone is giving their all to win and making it to the top and you’re gonna win with half  your power?!”Izuku rises his injured hand.“I still haven’t put a scratch on you!! BUT YOU HAVEN’T PUT A SCRATCH ON ME EITHER!! THIS WAS ALL DONE BY MYSELF!! COME AT ME WITH ALL YOU’VE GOT!!” ------- “What are you trying to do Midoriya?”First his father, now Midoriya, why everyone is trying to make him uses the fire quirk?Midoriya approaches him and punches him using his quirk, his body is too cold, too slow, he can’t dodge, he gets knockback a few feet.“So now you are on the offensive, Midoriya?”“You’re not only slower, your ice is weaker too!”Midoriya’s arm is red and swollen, it looks really painful.“Why are you willing to go that far?”“I’m just trying to become who I want to be! A smiling, dependable, cool hero, that’s who I'm going to be!! If you were to become number one without giving it your all then I don’t think you’re being really serious about this. Do you really want to be a hero?!”***
Shouto is hugging her mother tightly.

“I hate him mommy, I don’t wanna be like daddy, who bullies my mommy.”

“But you want to be a hero, right? That’s fine, you’re not…”

***
‘What did she said after that? I can’t remember…’***
“Where is mommy?”

“She hurt you, so I had her put away. The fool… during this crucial time, no less…”

“It’s all your fault!”

***
“TODOROKI, YOUR POWER IS YOUR OWN!”***“But you want to be a hero, right? That’s fine, you’re not bound by his blood. You decide who you want to become.”
***
‘When did I forget that?’Shouto can feel his expression changing shape again, but this time it’s different. He’ll think about why that is later, now he just wants to savor this feeling of burning determination to it's fullest.“Is this what you meant when you said that you wanted to save me? If so I thank you because… I want to be a hero too!”A flaming inferno can now rage. ------ All Might watches the flames that embrace half of the boy’s body.“SHOUTO!! HAVE YOU FINALLY ACCEPTED YOUR DESTINY?! NOW, WITH MY BLOOD IN YOUR VEINS YOU CAN SURPASS ME AND FULFILL MY AMBITION!!”Endeavor is screaming on top of his lungs, All Might suspects that he has completely forgotten where he is. He looks at the boy again. Luckily, he doesn’t appear to have heard. All Might observe, stunned, the boy’s big smile. He has never seen the boy’s smile before. He almost wants to cry. His pupil saved his friend using as a weapon only his determination.‘Young Midoriya, you’re much, much more than I could have ever hoped… You’ll be the most amazing hero ever!’He knows that his pupil is destined to lose this fight, young Todoroki right now is unstoppable, but no matter. He is already a winner. ---- Shouto observes the aftermath of his fire quirk. He doesn’t exactly know how to feel about all this.‘I need to see Midoriya.’So he walks towards the infirmary where the other is being treated. He meets his father on the way.“Not going to tell me to go away now? Without control---”Shouto can’t hear him, he walks past him without even look in his direction.“Wait, work for me---““In that moment… I forgot all about you. Whatever that’s good or bad it something I’ll have to think about.”He completely erases his father presence from the world, then he waits for Midoriya to allow visitors in his room.“Todoroki! Congratulation for your win!”Midoriya is making a strange expression again.‘I need to get better at understanding how faces work.’He does the first thing that comes to mind and takes Midoriya’s left hand between his.“Wha—““Thank you for everything, Midoriya. Can I become your rival?”“Ah… sure?”Shouto’s expression changes shape again, just like during the match.“Thank you, see you later.”He feels light as he leaves the infirmary. -------- Izuku reached his seat in the stands after a couple of hours. His wounds took a lot of time to heal and Todoroki’s visit afterward had been kinda surreal. Still, it was good to see him finally smile.He watched the next matches. Todoroki immobilized Ida easily and Katsuki exploited Tokoyami’s weakness to light with his explosions.‘The final is Todoroki versus Kacchan… This is going to be difficult for both. They are both amazing, I think that the person with the strongest feeling will win.’He clenches his fists, unsure about who he should cheer for. He honestly wants to cheer for both, but he knows that Katsuki won’t accept his encouragement. The two opponent stand on the battleground as far as possible from each other.“START!!!”Todoroki immediately creates a massive ice mountain, like the one in the first match.“Do we already have a winner?!” Present Mic's voice echoes in the arena. ‘No, Kacchan is still fighting.’An explosion sends ice flying everywhere.“He blocked the ice with an explosion and started digging his way through like a mole?!”Katsuki launches himself forward in his usual manner. Todoroki shoots ice spears in his direction. Katsuki explodes his left hand to change direction, he avoids the ice in mid-air, then grabs Todoroki’s hair. With his momentum he tries to throw him on the ground, however, Todoroki creates an ice barrier right before he touches it. Todoroki escapes from him and slides in a circle using his ice as a path, Katsuki doesn’t let him get any rest and jumps, and explosion ready in his palm. Todoroki avoids the hit and catches his wrist with his left hand, there is half a second of hesitation on both parts. Katsuki frees himself and jumps back.
Todoroki didn’t use his fire.
Izuku has a bad feeling about this. Katsuki and Todoroki are facing each other, perfectly still.Then Katsuki starts to yell and Izuku’s heart feels like it's going to break.“Stop screwing around! What, do you think I’m not worthy of your fire?! I don’t want there to be any doubt that I’m the best student of the Festival and that’s only possible if you came at me with your very best!! There is no point if you don’t use the same power you used against Deku! If you don’t want to win this, why are you even here?!”The hurt in his voice is something Izuku has never heard coming from his childhood friend's mouth before.
He needs to do something to make this right, he needs to do something, something…
“TODOROKI, DON’T LOSE!!”Both of them turn to look at him. Todoroki eyes fix on him and his whole face lits up like he just got out of a trance. Katsuki looks taken aback for a second before he catches himself. He sends him a murderous look then focuses on Todoroki again.“Crap, I made him even madder!” he says unable to stop himself.“Yeah, I wonder why…” it’s Uraraka’s sarcastic comment.   ---- Katsuki propels himself in the air, as high as possible. He can see half and half releasing his flames, finally.‘Ohhh, so if Deku asks you obey haa?! GIVE ME YOUR BEST SHOT DAMN IT!’Katsuki prepares his best explosion, he is going to finish this with the next blast, for the best or the worst. When he is only a couple feet from him he can see his face clearly.He can see half and half suddenly lowering his gaze, he can see him lowering his head, he can see him lowering his arm.Something inside him breaks.The explosion is magnificent, obviously, but it doesn’t bring him any pride.He finds himself kneeled on the ground.“Huh?”‘He decided not to use his fire…?’“Why…?”Katsuki raises his head slowly. Half and half is unconscious, lying on a pile of ice.“What? No…”He forces his legs to stand, he stumbles for a couple of steps before breaking into a run. “H-hey… Hey!”He grabs him by his uniform, lifting him up. He hates his own voice.'Traitor, why are you trembling?'“Stop messing around!! This isn’t a real win for me unless you try harder! Why you didn’t use your fire?!”His voice breaks too much, he can’t yell anymore, he hates not being able to scream when he wants to.“Are you saying that I am really not worthy? Are you trying to say that I can’t have the same treatment as Deku?! Are you saying that I am so… not enough?”He hates the way his eyes are starting to fill with tears because he is mad, he is angry, he is not hurt, he is not breaking.He starts to shake the other.“Wake up! Wake up DAMN IT!! FIGHT ME! IT CAN’T END LIKE THIS!! I CAN’T ACCEPT THIS!”Then everything becomes dark. ----- Izuku couldn’t stop looking at Katsuki. He didn’t hear everything that his friend said, he was too far and his voice uncharacteristically quiet.He can guess.Todoroki involuntarily insulted him in the worst possible way.  It wasn’t Todoroki’s fault, but that didn’t make it any better for Katsuki.“The winner of the Sports Festival is… BAKUGOU KATSUKI!”‘He is not gonna like it, I can already tell.’The time between the end of the fight and the award ceremony seemed really short to Izuku. He tried to keep up with his classmates’ conversation but he was too distracted by a sensation of heaviness in his stomach.Katsuki finds a way to make it go away.Standing straight like an arrow, with his head reclined backward on the first place podium, he refuses to move at all when it’s his time to take the medal.‘Looking at him from the side he looks exactly like a shark. A very angry one!’Izuku has to cover his mouth before he starts laughing like an idiot. All Might, in absence of a better idea, puts the medal on his face, hanging it on his nose.Katsuki chooses that moment to start screaming.“I’M SO PISS OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOFF!!”The journalists start to take pictures of the winner at that precise moment.Then Uraraka, with a perfectly straight face, says a phrase that would become Izuku’s guilty pleasure every time he would look at Katsuki’s picture of the Festival.
“Someone should throw some holy water on that Demon Lord.”




Chapter End Notes
This chapter was really difficult to write for me, too much action that I couldn't describe properly...I'm really glad that the Sports Festival is finally done, there was not much for me to do in there, I really only wanted to write a slightly different Todoroki.Well, that's not entirely true, the last fight was important for Katsuki development.I know that until now I have followed the canon a bit too much, while that will still be true in the future, the next part of the story, if I'm not completely deluding myself, will show a new side of things.I hope? The idea is really clear in my head, still no idea if I'm actually putting it into words right.Well, see you soon!


That was kinda cute…!
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Bakugou Masaru is really proud of his family.He and his wife, Mitsuki, had watched on tv the whole Sports Festival. They had seen their son, Katsuki, winning the second and third event. Now, a normal family would probably prepare some sort of celebratory party for him. Not this family, they had seen Katsuki's reaction to his victory, they knew that when something like this was going on it was much better to behave like normal and ignore the matter entirely. Katsuki wasn’t appreciative of compliment when he thought he didn’t deserve them. He would throw a tantrum.That’s why, when Katsuki opens the house door, he is reading the newspaper and Mitsuki is using the vacuum cleaner. The door slams shut. That’s not uncommon in itself, but Masaru is ready for the yelling that would follow briefly.  His son enters the living room with heavy steps and his school bag on one shoulder.“Good evening, dear.”“What good evening and crap?? Haven’t you seen that shit? Can you believe it?!”Masaru is not quite sure of what his son is talking about. He has seen him making impressive results all round and not much else. He knows the real problem. It’s the same that happens every time he wins something in a less than perfect way. Which happens quite often.“What are you yelling for, as soon as you enter the house, you little bitch?!”Sweet Mitsuki doesn’t like to beat it around the bushes. That’s one of the reasons why he married her in the first place. He can still remember that time when he had been looking at her, in the high school courtyard,  she walked up to him with a sneer and asked: “What are you looking at, you wimp? Wanna take me on a date, haa?” He remembers to have considered the thought for a second before answering: “I was looking at you because you have the back of your skirt inside your underwear, probably since you got out of the toilet, but sure, I’ll take you on a date if you want.” He remembers exactly how red her cheeks were afterward. And he remembers that time when—“I looked like a complete asshole!! I made a total fool of myself!”Katsuki throws the gold medal on the floor and starts yelling even louder.“IN THE OBSTACLE RACE I HAVE COMPLETELY SCREWED UP!! THIRD FUCKING PLACE! NOT TO MENTION THE LAST FIGHT! THAT HALF AND HALF BASTARD MADE A FOOL OUT OF ME! HE DARED FAINT BEFORE EVEN FIGHT ME SERIOUSLY, THAT WASN’T A WIN!! I LOST! I SUCKED! ALL OF IT COMPLETELY SUCKED! AHHHHHHHHHH! IT SUCKED SO BADLY!”Masaru looks at his son with a resigned expression as he uses his whole lung capacity to repeat that same concept over and over again.“SHUT THE FUCK UP, YOU ASS! THE NEIGHBORS ARE GONNA COMPLAIN FOR THE MILLIONTH TIME!”Mitsuki uses the handle of the vacuum cleaner as a bat and hits his son right on the head sending him face flat on the floor. One-hit KO.His wife grabs their son by the ankle and drags him up the stairs, in his bedroom. Masaru puts down his newspaper on the sofa and gets up with a sigh, he picks up the medal and looks at it.When Katsuki was a kid, he would often receive showers of compliment, about his quirk, his intelligence, his speed, agility and everything else really. Maybe that had been the root of all problems. Katsuki started to expect only the best from himself. In whatever competition or challenge or task he participated he expected to win, by a large margin, even when there was nothing to actually win.That expectation brought up an entire set of problems, like his inability to cooperate with others or his apparent superiority complex that made him look annoying to others people. The worst part though was the pressure that he was putting on himself. He was completely incapable of accepting any kind of failure. It was like any failure was putting a doubt on his values as a person. On his right to receive respect.Masaru remembers that one day when Katsuki returned back home from elementary school and said that a girl in his class was bragging about the fact she prepared her lunch box all by herself. For some reason, one that Masaru couldn’t even start to fathom, Katsuki took that as a challenge. Mitsuki started teaching him how to cook with resignation, she knew that he would only become louder and louder if she were to tell him to leave that matter alone. After an hour a burned omelet was on a plate. Katsuki stared at it with pure hatred for five minutes before starting one of his infamous hysterical tantrums. They told him that it was not his fault, because he just started learning, and he didn't even listen. Then Mitsuki, in a last desperate attempt, slapped the back of his head and yelled. “Stop it, you obnoxious brat! If you want to blame someone for your omelet, blame me! I clearly didn’t teach you right!” They stared at each other for a long minute. “That’s right, this is your fault! You useless mother!” Masaru observed them for the rest of the evening, they made a complete mess of the kitchen and yelled insults at each other all the while but somehow, by the end of the day, Katsuki knew how to make a decent lunch box.  Later Masaru and his wife had a conversation. They’d rather have a son with anger issue, that was loud, obnoxious and foul-mouthed and blamed everyone than a son that would put the blame for everything on himself, feel bad about all the things he does and would eventually explode. Probably it wasn’t the best way to handle the situation, but it was their way. The Bakugou family’s way. As years passed by Katsuki had become better at handle stuff. Real tantrum, like the one just now, had become rare.‘At the very least he doesn’t snap at every little thing anymore. The Festival must have cut him deep, for some reason.'He hears his wife enters the living room.“How is he?”“I didn’t kill him, if that’s what you’re asking.”“No, I don’t doubt that. I mean, do you think the beast woke up?”The beast is a code name. It refers to Katsuki’s self-destructive tendency to accumulate a sense of inadequacy at every failure.The beast woke up completely only once before when he was younger, for a full week the boy looked totally drained. He dragged himself around with no motivation whatsoever. Since then the couple is keeping a close eye for any sign. They don’t want to see their only child like that ever again.“I’m not sure, maybe it’s just stress. U.A. is not an easy path. Maybe he is just tired.”“Yeah, you’re right, but let’s keep a closer eye on him.”Masaru turns to look at one wall of the living room. That wall is special.Several shelves are decorated with trophies of various shape and dimension, there are medals and cups too. The plates read things like “Volleyball tournament 1° place”, “Treasure Hunt award 2nd year” and “Math and Logic Games 1° place”.There is still space for this new medal. There will always still be space for Katsuki.Sure, the neighbors hate them. The district hates them. Soon the whole city would hate them.But Masaru loves his family. --------------- Ochako is really happy to have all these new friends. Every day is really fun. Especially since Todoroki started approaching Deku at every occasion. The first day of school after the Festival Todoroki entered the classroom, approached him, smiled and said: “Good morning Midoriya.”A massive wave of shock traveled through the classroom, then they all started questioning Deku. The poor guy had no idea what to say. Ochako had seen with the corner of the eye Mina's malicious smile, ready to cause mischief.After that day various occurrences happened. First, the whole class’s opinion of Todoroki drastically changed, now she could hear her classmates daydream: “That guy is an angel!”Second, Todoroki always sat with her, Ida and Midoriya at lunch. He didn’t talk, sure, but his presence was still evident.Third, Mina definitely noticed Todoroki's presence at lunch. Apparently, making sure that Bakugou would notice every single day was her new mission.“Hey Bakugou! Don’t you think that Todoroki is perfect boyfriend material? Ah, I wonder if Midoriya thinks so too?”Ochako was kinda surprised that he hasn’t killed her yet.Lastly, a person’s opinion of Bakugou had changed a bit. One day Kirishima approaches her like he is on a secret mission.“Oi, you think that Bakugou has a thing for Midoriya? I mean, Mina keeps prodding at him about that and he looks ready to blown something. I figured they were childhood friends, considering how they call each other but now I’m starting to wonder.”‘One Mina is already bad enough, better to keep my mouth shut here.’“I don’t know, but if that’s the case I don’t think that he would want all this attention on himself.”Kirishima gives her a big smile.“You know, Bakugou is loud and obnoxious but I think he has the heart in the right place, if possible I want to see him happy!”Ochako returns his smile.“I want it too.” ------ “Today you’ll come up with your hero aliases!”The famous pro hero Midnight is standing next to the teacher podium in Class 1-A. His classmates erupt in triumph.“What future do you see for yourself? The name you choose will reflect one’s true character!”‘A name ah?’Izuku is conflicted as he takes the nameplates from Katsuki, keeps one for himself and passes the others behind. He is so engrossed in the choice that he barely notices that his classmates are presenting their chosen names.‘Before I met All Might I came up with a whole list of names, but now that I’ve got his power and he’s looking out for me I can’t use any of them.’He emerges out of his thought in time to see Todoroki shows his nameplate.“Shouto.”“Your name?! Are you sure?!” says Midnight with disbelief. “Yes.”After Todoroki, Katsuki takes the podium.-KING EXPLOSION MURDER-“Absolutely not. Murder is no good. Cross that word.”Grinding his teeth, Katsuki takes his black marker and scribbles for a moment before turning again his nameplate.- KING LORD EXPLOSION MURDER-“You crossed the wrong word! Why do you need to put murder in your name that badly?!”Izuku hides a smile behind a hand and goes back into thinking. Suddenly he is struck by a flash of inspiration. He reaches the podium.-DEKU-“Huh? You sure about this Midoriya?”“Yes, someone helped me see it in a different light, it took me by surprise but it made me happy.”Izuku sends a smile in Uraraka’s direction then he stops in front of Katsuki’s desk.Katsuki is finally looking at him in the eyes, it’s been over two months since the last time. Izuku can see exasperation and anger but he doesn’t let it discourage him.“From now on this will be my hero name, so you can call me using this name to your heart content. It won’t be an insult anymore. You didn’t want to acknowledge my dream to be a hero. Now I’ll force you to.”Katsuki snaps the marker in half in his hands, the ink spills. He is trembling with anger. Izuku waits. Then, in a swift motion, Katsuki lightly pushes Izuku's face away with his right palm leaving a black ink mark.Katsuki turns to look out of the window. Izuku returns to his desk.He can feel all his classmates looking at him but he does his best to ignore them, sitting very still.After a while, Katsuki rests his head on his desk and puts his left arm on top of it.“You, stupid Deku.”It’s a whisper, Izuku is pretty sure no one else hears it. His face is fighting a smile. He can feel himself blush a little while his chest is filling with embarrassment and happiness.
That was kinda cute…!




Chapter End Notes
You may not agree with my vision of Katsuki's personality but this is who I think he is.A person who is so haunted by the need to win that he ends up hurting himself.We see him cry two times in canon, one time after his first fight with Izuku and the second time during his fight against All Might with Izuku. I think that his pride is actually hurting him more than he cares to admit.I've taken that part of him and gave it a little push.His hurt pride is visible at the end of his fight against Todoroki and it's only going to get worse.Ups... spoiler? See you soon with the reveal of the title meaning!


I hate everything about you!
Chapter Notes
There is an extremely long note at the end, I'm sorry for the length but it's important!Please bear with me ^^'

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Time really flies.The internship with Gran Torino, All Might's old teacher, had been really difficult but now Izuku had a much better control on One for All. Then there was an accident with a villain called Hero Killer. Ida got involved while trying to avenge his brother, who suffered some serious injuries. Izuku tried to help him and in the end got Todoroki involved as well. They were even sent to the hospital, really it was pretty bad. Luckily Todoroki didn’t seem to mind very much when he was discharged he even took Izuku’s hand between his again.“Call me if you need any help. I’ll come.”Today is the first day of school after the internship.“Now we are doing a rescue training race!”All Might has brought them to one of the many training grounds.“I want to see just how much you’ve all learned from your internship, so do your best to reach the goal first!”Izuku is in the first group, with Sero, Ashido Mina and Ida.He smiles, everyone thinks that he’ll be the last because he used to be the slowest.‘All the training I did… This race is perfect for me!’At the starting signal he releases his, yes his, quirk in a controlled but constant flow around his body. He jumps and suddenly he finds himself in mid-air. His heart soars.‘So this is how Kacchan feels! It’s amazing!’ ------ Ochako is looking at Deku onscreen with amazement.‘He has grown up so much!’She observes him jumping from an obstacle to another with high, powerful jumps. ‘He reminds me of… wait… the way he is putting his arms, behind his back like… explosion…’She turns towards Bakugou and she can see the same thought reflected on his face. Bakugou is looking at the screen with an expression of pure shock, he probably doesn’t realize himself just how open his face is right now.‘Deku used all these years of observing Bakugou as a stepping stone to improve his jump and mid-air maneuvering ability. Bakugou is not taking this very well.’Ochako wins her own race by making a metal barrel float with her on top then she returns to the classroom, all the while her mind is elsewhere. Mr. Aizawa makes an announcement at the end of his lesson.“Summer vacation’s close at hand. Of course, you won’t take a whole month off. You’ll be doing a summer camp in the woods. However, anyone who doesn’t pass the final exams is in for summer school. The exams are both practical and theoretical. Do your best.”All her classmates start forming study groups and speculate about the content of the practical exam.  Except for Bakugou who walks to the front of the classroom and starts talking loudly.“Hey, Deku! Seems like… you’re starting to manage that quirk of yours. Stop pissing me off with all these stunts. I’m not looking for some hollow victory, like at the Sports Festival. Both with my grades and in the practical exam… I’m gonna crush you and open a gulf between us so wide that you can never hope to close! You too, half and half!”Ochako observes him as he leaves the classroom and then she takes a look at Deku. Her friend looks uneasy but determined.She needs a moment alone. Ochako sits outside and rests her face in her palms, thinking.‘At first, I thought they liked each other, that this was like a silly game. Maybe they were keeping it a secret, or maybe they had some reason for not be together. But this isn’t a game. Not even close. If I’m right this is not even about like or dislike. They are bound to each other whatever they like it or not. This can go in the wrong direction very fast. In this case… what is the best course of action? I… I can’t decide something like that on my own… this is too big for me… someone, I need to tell someone… But maybe I’m wrong? No, I can’t risk it, I’m gonna tell someone!’ ------ “Young, sweet, Uraraka. I thank you for telling me this. Don’t worry, you can count on me!”All Might gave her one of his best smiles. He could see the worry on her face, she really is a fine girl. Talking to a teacher about such a delicate matter is not easy but definitely the best idea.After all, one doesn’t simply play around with a Connection.All Might thought that he had a bit more time, that maybe they could find the way without external interference. That is no longer possible, both Aizawa and now young Uraraka have come to him, he can’t stay put and watch anymore.“Very well then. We need to decide the pairs for the practical exam.”Aizawa is the first one to break the silence in the room. This is the last reunion of the teachers before the end of the year. It’s now or never.“I’m going to take young Midoriya and young Bakugou.” says All Might taking the lead of the debate.His colleagues are looking at him with surprise.“We know that you have a soft spot for Midoriya but---““That has nothing to do with anything. I’m taking those two because they have a Connection.”The news brings even more surprise and they start to ask him loads of questions.“How do you---““Since when---““As all of you should know… A Connection is something that only an external eye, an impartial eye, can identify. The two people connected can’t sense it in a rational way. So, how do I know? Because I have looked. Plain and simple. I have looked at them all this time. Their Connection is particularly old, I think. Normally, a person doesn't meet the other person involved until they are older, so it's more difficult to notice as long as they are apart. The magnetism affects both even if they are on the other side of Earth, but how do you notice in that case? These two boys are so deeply influenced by it, already, that it has become natural for them to do the same thing, at the same time. Do you remember during the entrance exam? When they destroyed the zero points villains in the same way, at the same time? And during the Cavalry Battle, young Todoroki was overwhelmed because for a second he could feel their Connection. They weren’t two opponents, they were a single, extremely powerful opponent split into two entity. As you know the magnetic pull forces them to go through the same kind of experiences in life. Using the goals that one have as a means to choose the direction for both."‘I even suspect that it was the Connection that manipulated the events to make sure that young Midoriya would get a quirk, one on pair with young Bakugou. All of this… was never a coincidence!’“Yeah, yeah this is all well and good but… their Connection is a problem. You all can see that it’s not working properly. Normally two connected people have the same goals and work together to reach them. But they don’t get along, quite the opposite. You all know that it works both ways. It can lead to perfection or disaster. It's either zero or a hundred. It can’t be anything in between. I think their Connection… is reaching the wrong end.”“Aizawa! Don’t be so pessimistic, my man! I don’t think that at all! I’m sure we can make this work. A Connection doesn't manipulate feeling or thought, only circumstances, it's pretty normal that two teenagers are not capable of handling something so big. They were being pulled toward the same things during all their lives and they don't even realize why! It’s true that they are each other poison, but they are each other medicine too. Young Bakugou… he doesn’t feel confident in himself unless he is on top of everything. Realistically speaking that’s impossible, that’s why he decided that he would be safe as long as young Midoriya was below him. Now, young Midoriya is not below him anymore, and that is his poison! In the same way, young Midoriya always felt that there was no way he would even be able to stand by his side, as an equal. Even now he is still unsure, and that is his poison!”All Might is doing his very best to transmit not only a concept but feelings too. His feelings.“One day, young Midoriya will discover that he is a different person now. He will discover the happiness and pride that come when you can stand beside the person you admire, as an equal. Not below neither above, that’ll be his medicine! And one day, young Bakugou will look into his old friend’s eyes and see something he has never seen before. Someone that won’t let himself fit into any category, someone that won’t leave him alone, no matter what he wants or says. He’ll discover that not all things in the world are meant to fit into a category, that’ll be his medicine!”All Might can only hope they have understood him. He hopes it very strongly.His colleagues look taken in by his words, maybe there is hope.Aizawa proves him wrong.“They are still my students. This test will be their last chance. If they can’t work as a team then I can’t take the responsibility of what will happen to their Connection. If they are not fated to be together as one for the rest of their lives… then they are fated to fight each other to death. And I won’t be there watching. Do your best to proves your theory All Might. We are all counting on you.” ------- -I’m gonna crush you and open a gulf between us so wide that you can never hope to close!-‘Why?’Izuku is still feeling really confused even after the end of the first exam.‘I take a step forward and he takes two behind. Can we ever meet each other somewhere? Things weren’t this bad before. It’s getting worse and worse.’To his surprise he can feel anger, frustration and dissatisfaction growing inside him.‘Why? Is it really so difficult for him to accept me? Does he hate me so much? Did he wanted me as a friend because I was weak and now that I’m not he doesn’t want me anymore?’Mr. Aizawa finishes collecting their papers and then he addresses them.“Alright, now it’s time to tell you what the practical exam will be. Tomorrow morning you’ll pair up with your partner and fight one of the teachers. Both your partner and your assigned teacher are already been decided. Your task is to escape alive the terrain, at least one of the two of you, if both escape it’s even better.” Izuku knows who doesn’t want as his partner right now.“First, Todoroki and Yaoyorozu against me. Next, Midoriya is with Bakugou and your opponent will be All Might.”‘There we go. I knew it. I just knew it! It has to be him, of all the people.’Izuku takes a deep breath and looks in Katsuki's direction. He is livid.‘Keep calm Izuku. Just keep calm.’At the end of the announcement, Katsuki is the first to throw his bag over his shoulder and leave the classroom. Izuku decides to go after him, he has not followed him on his way home since their fight, months ago.“Kacchan, wait! We have to talk and decide a strategy, it’s All Might we are talking about so—““SHUT UP, I ALREADY TOLD YOU, DON’T TALK TO ME, DON’T FOLLOW ME!”Izuku freezes for a second at the sudden shout but then he is more determined than before.‘This has to stop. I’ve had enough of this attitude!’ ----- Katsuki is filled with an irrational anger.‘Why is he still following me? He has a quirk now, he is strong, stronger than me probably, he doesn’t need me anymore. He can just go and spend time with his friends or the half and half bastard or whatever. Why is he still bothering me? I don’t want to see him anymore, I don’t want him around!’He feels a hand on his shoulder.“Kacchan, stop being so stupidly stubborn for once, we need—“Katsuki punches him.“What the---“Another punch.“STOP COME NEAR ME! YOU’RE ALWAYS LIKE THAT! WITH THOSE EYES, LOOKING AT ME LIKE YOU’RE MUCH BETTER THAN ME!”“What are you even talk---“A kick in his stomach. Izuku falls on his knees coughing a little.“GIVE UP FOR ONCE!”“I’m not going to give up, ever! It’s you who needs to stop—“Katsuki grabs his arm, drags him up and then throws him flat on the ground.“DON’T GET UP! STOP BEING LIKE THIS! GIVE UP! STAY BELOW ME! I TOLD YOU TO NOT GET UP!!”Izuku gets up.“I’m not your dog, STOP GIVING ME ORDERS!” he yells.They stare at each other, fuming with rage.“Decide once and for all! Are you above me or below me?!” Katsuki clenches his fists.“Why do I have to be one of those two?!”“Because if you’re not below me then you’re above me! There is no other option! SO WHICH IS IT? DECIDE! WHICH IS IT?!”“You’re being ridiculous! It’s neither! I want to be your equal! Accept that I’m now your equal! No, I’ll force you to accept that I’m your equal!”“ARGHHH, I HATE YOU SO MUCH! I really hate you!! I seriously hate you! I hate… you…” his voice breaks.His eyes sting.‘This crap again?!’Izuku looks disappointed and furious.Katsuki grabs his bag, throws it on his shoulder and runs away. Runs away.‘Stupid, stupid, this is all very stupid. You stupid Deku, why can’t you go back to the way you were? You think I’m amazing? My ass! Liar!’ 
I really hate everything about you!




Chapter End Notes
Sooo... A scientific explanation (???) of a Connection:It's a magnetic pull that forces two people to be on the same level and to reach toward a same goal. It doesn't change a person's objectives, thoughts or feelings, it' not commonly needed because the Connection is formed only between two people that have a complementary potential from the start, it does change the events and circumstances of their lives to always make sure that both of them suffer the same consequences.The general population tends to romanticize the Connection and considers it a soulmate bond but that's not completely accurate. A Connection is dangerous because it's completely neutral, the feelings of the two people involved are irrelevant, it's almost a mathematical equation. Which means that they can either accept it and become a perfect match in intents and rewards or antagonize it and become enemy who shares the same fate.A Connection is either zero or a hundred, it can't be anything in between, if you actively try to ignore the other person for too many years the magnetic pull will become stronger and stronger until it drives you insane. An example:When All Might told Izuku that he could not become a hero Izuku tried to give up their goal. The Connection took the new factor and added it to the equation: if Izuku wasn't going to become a hero Katsuki had to give up too.The only two ways a Connection, that can't change a person's feelings, could do that was either by breaking Katsuki's spirit or by killing him. It chose the latter, and look at that coincidence, a sludge villain was casually dropped in front of him!Izuku changed his mind, he wanted to be a hero again, so the equation was restored. Izuku received One for All and Katsuki's life was spared.Truly merciless, right?Sooo... Is it too close to a soulmates fanfic? Is it a clichè? A cheap trope? Probably.I think this idea fits the canon just too well, I had to write it.Obviously I pushed it a bit, the two examples I used in the chapter are my personal addition to the canonical ones. I tried my best to make it as subtle as possible, it was supposed to be a surprise inside the story, not an obvious thing like a "soulmate" tag. The reader was supposed to be Uraraka's POV, she discovered the Connection by paying attention to them, not by reading a summary. Granted that you couldn't know that a Connection was a thing in this universe, but I dropped hints here and there, try and read again the first paragraph of the first chapter, or all All Might's POVs.By the way, this is not meant as an offense to other soulmate fanfics in any way, perish the thought. I absolutely love those fanfics. They simply start with their bond out in the open, and there is nothing wrong with that!My idea was not that brilliant either, I didn't realize that making 10 chapters so similar to the canon would be a problem. I tried to play a little game with you, my dear readers, but I think I failed ahaha. Still, this was my story and I regret nothing.Thanks to everyone who reached this point, I appreciate it immensely :)See you soon <3


Don’t take all away from me…
Chapter Notes
Everyone! Thanks for the kudos, the comments and everything!I've surpassed the 100 kudos and 2.000 hits!I'm very, very happy! :D

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Morning.“Oi, you little shit, it’s time to go to school, wake up!”He can hear his mother from outside his door.‘Wake up, ha? That would have been nice.’Feeling exactly like a little shit he gets up from his futon. He drags himself to the bathroom and starts to brush his teeth.“What are you doing, brushing your teeth before you eat?”‘Oh right… I don’t really want to eat… Or go to school. He is there.’His mother peeks through the door.“Wow, you look like crap.”“Yeah, thanks mother.” he sighs.He drops his toothbrush and wipes his tired face quickly. “Katsuki? Are you okay?”She looks worried.‘Katsuki? Not an insult? I guess I really look like crap.’He reaches the dining table but his stomach is completely closed. His father is there.“Good morning Katsuki.”“I’m going. Later.”He sits at the front door and starts to wear his shoes. His father has followed him and his mother is right behind him.“Katsuki, is something wrong? Did something happened?”He really doesn’t want to have this conversation.“Yeah, yeah, I’m okay see you later.”He slams the door in their faces.‘I don’t want to do this exam. I don’t want to see him. I don’t want to see anyone or do anything.’ ------ Izuku gets up feeling determinate.‘Today I’m going to make him accept me as an equal. Whatever it takes!’When he reaches the school they get crammed into a bus. Izuku tries to catch Katsuki’s eyes during the whole trip but it’s useless. He is looking out the window with is whole head turned, only his spiky blond hair is visible.The same happens in the changing room while they are wearing their hero costumes. Izuku goes into the monitoring room to watch his classmates’ exams. Katsuki is nowhere to be seen.‘Is he avoiding me? This is so not like him…’Izuku watches intensely the monitor. His classmates are doing their very best. Their cooperation is awesome to watch. He is envious.‘Why we can’t be just like them? We have known each other since we were three years old, we should be able to do even better than them. Why do you have to ruin everything, Kacchan?’He clenches his fists.‘No… That’s not completely fair. I haven’t really tried this yet. I have always accepted his decision, never questioned anything he does or says. True, he is amazing, and I’m not yet as strong as he is… but if I want to be his equal I can’t follow his orders blindly… I am the first one that has to change!’His determination is renewed once again. ----- Momo Yaoyorozu is distressed. Her partner is the talented, amazing Todoroki. While she is…‘Useless…’During the Sports Festival she couldn’t do anything useful. Nothing at all.She is sure that she aced the written exam, but grades aren’t all that make a hero. Far from it.“You, keep creating small objects, this way we’ll know if Mr. Aizawa is nearby. When we find him I’ll keep him distracted while you reach the exit.”They are running from alley to alley inside a fake city. Momo follows Todoroki unsure of what to do with herself.“You are great Todoroki, you thought a strategy against Mr. Aizawa just like that.”“It’s nothing special.”“…Really…?”“You’ve stopped creating objects.”“Ah! I’m sorry! I should have…”“Noticed earlier, yes.” Aizawa is right above them, mocking them.“You, go!” says Todoroki.“That’s your strategy? Fine by me.”Momo is running, she doesn’t know where to nor if it’s the right thing to do.‘Maybe there’s a shorter route? Is Todoroki okay? Can I really run away like this? Where I’m running to?!’“Your loss of confidence since the Sports Festival is evident.” says a deep voice neraby.‘Mr. Aizawa?! Is he already here? Has Todoroki been defeated?! I need to go back to him!’Momo slips away from Mr. Aizawa's capture tape and runs in the direction she was coming from.  Todoroki is dangling, trapped in capture tape.“Todoroki!! I’m sorry I should have…”“Mr. Aizawa is coming.”‘Do I save Todoroki or…?!’“You! You have a plan don’t you?”Todoroki is looking at her like he has faith in her.“I’m sorry, I should have asked you if you were okay with my idea. I’m not used to working with someone else.”“But if your plan didn’t work what hope does mine…”“It’s fine, I trust you, I voted for you as class president because you looked perfect for it.”Her heart squeezes painfully in her chest.“Todoroki, close your eyes!!”She throws the flash grenades that she created earlier at Mr. Aizawa and hurries to free Todoroki.“Follow me!”They run inside the alley again.“Todoroki as soon as you can create an ice wall to gain some time!”“Alright.”Momo starts to create everything she needs for her plan then explain it all to Todoroki who doesn’t have any objection.In the end, her plan is not flawless, but it still carries them to victory. On the way to the monitoring room she meets her classmates that runs up to her to congratulate. She feels light and full of happiness.“Thanks, your plan was perfect.” Todoroki takes her hand between his.Momo feels her head spins from too much emotion. She smiles.‘This guy is an angel!!’“I couldn’t have done it without your help Todoroki!”“I’m sure that’s not true… girl.”Her smile freezes.‘Girl…?’“Todoroki, congratulation!”Todoroki turns his head and smiles at someone.“Midoriya!”She feels sooo jealous right now…
 
----- One day, during kindergarten, Izuku revealed his secret."Kacchan... The doctor said that I'm quirkless..."He was crying silently.Katsuki was too young to really understand all the implication that a thing like that would bring in their life.At first, he thought it was kinda funny, that his best friend was the less talented person around, while he was the most talented of them all.After a couple of hours, however, the fun was dead and buried.He was the only person who was allowed to make fun of him. While the other kids were laughing at Izuku, Katsuki started to feel like they were thinking less of him.He was too little to question why he was thinking as Izuku as a part of himself.That evening he had to fight against an irrational anger, he was clenching his fists and stomping around the house. As days, months were passing Katsuki's anger wasn't going away. In absence of a better target all of it was directed toward Izuku. Who else could he blame for Izuku's lack of a quirk? 'Fate' didn't seem a suitable target for his explosions. His cruelty grew with time. He started calling him Deku, he began to drag it around only to use him as a term of comparison for everything. With Deku, it was always easy to win.Katsuki was really starting to wonder if it made sense for him to be a friend of someone so useless, weak and whiny.Until that day.One day the two children, during an expedition in the forest, found themselves near two large wild dogs that were attacking a smaller dog, clearly domestic, with a collar."Kacchan, we need to help him!"In hindsight, Katsuki could have used an explosion to disperse them.But there, at that moment, the surprise froze him on the spot. He was not afraid, really, but he wasn't trained to deal with such situations either, he was only 6 years old.Izuku had looked at him, his eyes were full of determination.Then he jumped in front of the two dogs, without a slight concern for his safety, and he had screamed with all his might to frighten them. It was a miracle that the dogs were actually scared. After that, Izuku checked the small dog and once he made sure he was well he picked him up."Kacchan, are we going to bring him back to his house, right?"Katsuki was still frozen, shocked and now he was a bit scared too."What do you think you were doing?""You didn't move, so I thought it was fine if I went. If it was really dangerous you would have saved him, right? You are a hero!"Izuku was looking at him with total admiration and trust. Katsuki felt as if the world had fallen on him. He felt as if Izuku had robbed him of something. Of every certainty.
You have the eye of someone who never gives up, someone I can’t win against.
'If I'm a hero, then what are you?'Katsuki spent a week reflecting on himself, about Izuku, about heroes.Only Izuku had the power to make him reflect so much. Katsuki is standing in front of the entrance of the exam site. 
Don't take all my certainty away from me again...




Chapter End Notes
The beast is awake. I know that the reason for the first awakening is not that big but consider the fact that he was six and it was the first time he ever lost to someone. And it was Izuku, the person he considered the weakest of them all. The one he used to demonstrate his worth to the world. Momo's POV was absolutely unnecessary, I know, but I really wanted to do it :')A little lightness was okay in this chapter.See you as soon as possible! :3


I’m sorry, did it hurt?
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Izuku is running toward the entrance of the exam site, Katsuki is already standing there. He tries to take a look at his face but before reaching a favorable angle the other passes through the entrance gate. Izuku tries to catch up to him and touches his arm.“Kacchan, we should talk…”Katsuki slaps his hand off him. Izuku tries again.“Kacchan, listen to me!”Katsuki hits him while tugging his arm away and Izuku falls backward taken by surprise. He doesn’t get up immediately, he stays on the ground looking at Katsuki’s back.‘This back… this view… it’s so nostalgic…’He gets up slowly.“Kacchan, do you know? I’ve looked at your back for years. As you walked ahead of me, always, confident as usual. I really liked looking at your back, I never wanted to look away. I thought I would keep looking at your back for the rest of my life. I would look at you on tv, as you become the best hero, always looking at you from a distance. I thought that your back would be enough for me. I was wrong.” Izuku clenches his fists with determination. Katsuki stops walking. “I was wrong. It’s not enough anymore. I don’t want to wonder where you are or what are you doing when you go ahead and leave me behind. It’s frustrating. Let me be a part of what you do, let me come wherever you go. I want to walk by your side. I want to stand by your side. Please, let me be by your side!”Katsuki turns his head in Izuku’s direction just a little, not enough to see his expression. A sudden wind pressure sends both of them flying. The fake city sustains great damage from All Might's punch.“Who gives a damn about the city anyway? If you think about this as a simple exam, you’ll be sorry. I’m a villain!”The intimidating pressure that’s emanating from All Might is completely different from anything Izuku has ever experienced in his life.“We can’t take him head on! Let’s run!”He prepares to jump away but Katsuki doesn’t move. All Might shoots forward with incredible speed and catches Katsuki's face while he extends his hands. Explosions erupt right in front of All Might’s face. “Not bad kid, but such weak hits just stings a bit!”All Might slams him on the ground then disappears only to reappears behind Izuku. “And you? Running away, leaving your partner behind?”The scare makes him react in a totally irrational way, he jumps backward without checking his surroundings and ends up colliding hard against Katsuki who is jumping in the same direction. “Sorry, Kacch—“Izuku’s mind is panicking, he doesn’t have a plan, doesn’t know what to do, but the worst part is that Katsuki isn’t reacting properly. He has yet to say a word. Izuku can understand that probably he doesn’t want to talk to him but he should still be insulting him or at least sending threats to All Might. Even his fighting style, normally so aggressive, is sloppy. It’s like he doesn’t really care whatever he wins or looses. He has never seen Katsuki like this before.“Are you two not going to do anything? Then I guess I will!”All Might grabs a rail on the ground and throws it on Izuku sending him flat on the ground, trapped under it. Then he jumps again and punches Katsuki in his stomach really hard, sending him flying several feet. Katsuki coughs several times, clearly out of breath.“Kacchan?! Are you okay?!”Izuku feels impotent. Not only this exam is going horribly and he is not doing anything useful but he doesn’t even know what’s wrong with his childhood friend.
‘I don’t know how to help him!’
Izuku struggles to free himself while Katsuki is slowly getting on his feet.  All Might stands beside him.“I know that you don’t want to cooperate with young Midoriya but if you refuse you can’t pass this exam. No, not only this exam. If you fail to learn the importance of cooperation then you should reconsider your future. You can’t become a hero if you don’t cooperate with others!”“Are you telling me… that if I don’t cooperate with him… I can’t become a hero?” Katsuki’s voice is low, Izuku barely hears it.All Might seems to hesitate a little.“Yes, that’s what I’m saying. If you can’t cooperate with him now, you can give up being a hero.”Izuku feels a twinge in his chest.‘This is so unfair to him, it’s unfair…’“I see… Then I guess I give up.” His tone is flat, uninterested.Izuku’s heart is crushed into dust.***
Two older kids are beating up Katsuki in a back alley.

All the other kids have run away a while ago.

Izuku is hiding behind a tree, too scared to do anything.

Katsuki is defending himself using teeth and nails.

He bites one of them into a hand, hard.

The kid let him go.

“You are going to pay for this!”

They run away.

Katsuki wipes his face before turning towards him.

“See! A hero never give up! A hero always win!”

Katsuki gives him a thumb up and a big smile. 

Izuku can still see traces of his tears and snot.

He has never seen a more amazing person in his whole life.

***
Izuku forgets the rail, All Might, everything. One for All rushing through his veins he shoots forward and punches Katsuki straight in his face.“DON’T YOU DARE SAY THAT YOU WANT TO GIVE UP!!”Katsuki rolls on the ground until Izuku grabs him, throws him on his shoulder and runs into an alley, escaping from All Might.He runs through five or six alleys at random, making sure to be out of sight.“Let me go…”Izuku drops him on the ground without too many pleasantries. Katsuki doesn’t even move from where he falls. Izuku drops to his knees beside him and takes a deep breath.“Kacchan.”Katsuki is lying on his stomach, he looks straight ahead and doesn’t show any sign of having heard him. Izuku takes another deep breath.“I can’t think of any way to beat All Might and reach the exit. Alone, I’m sure that I can’t do it. I need your help. Let’s think of something, together. I have complete faith in your battle sense and strategy ability. I’m certain that if we join forces we’ll make it out of here somehow. Even if you use my help, it won’t make you any less of an amazing person. So, have some faith in me. Accept my help. If you can’t do that then…”No reaction.“Then maybe you really are less of an amazing person then I have always thought.”Katsuki frowns a little.“For once in your life, Katsuki, don’t glare at me. Just look – at – me.”Ten seconds pass.Thirty seconds.Forty se—Katsuki looks at him.Izuku smiles awkwardly.“Was it that hard?”Katsuki looks away and frowns again.“Alright, alright, sorry.”Katsuki sighs and sits up. ------- Katsuki takes off one of his gauntlets and shoves it to Izuku.“Take that, you can make an explosion, it’s full.”“What I’m supposed to do with…”“You said that you trust me, right?”“Yeah!”“Then take that damn thing. I’ll explain.”Five minutes later he is running out an alley, jumping behind All Might.“Hey, I'm here! Where are you looking?!” he shouts at him.He can feel his eyes sting with the humiliation. He had to accept his help, no, he had to accept that Izuku was his equal, just like he said the day prior. ‘But it’s not so bad. Things are going to be like this from now on, so I can’t do anything else but suck it up. I can survive this! Probably.’“Deku!”He can see him sneaking out of his hiding spot, ready to fire the blast with his gauntlet. Katsuki jumps away.“Shoot!!”“Sorry, All Might!”The explosion is just as powerful as he hopes. All Might should be slowed down for some time.“Run, idiot!”He runs propelled by his explosion and Izuku is following him using that strange quirk of his.- I’ve looked at your back for years-‘Stupid idiot! What do you think I was doing? While you were trailing behind me I was listening to the sound of your steps. I didn’t want to look back, so I had to focus on the sounds you were making. I couldn’t look back.’
What would I have done if I had look back and saw that you were not following me anymore?
“We are almost there, almost at the exit!”“When he catches up with us I’m gonna use my other gauntlet to gain a little more time.”“Oh, yeah, yeah. And then?” All Might is running between them, already fully recovered.‘So stupidly fast…!’All Might punches both gauntlets at the same time, smashing them into pieces.“Now, die, heroes!”He grabs Izuku’s arm and uses him like a bat to hit Katsuki, in less than a second they are both caught.“Nice cooperation, but that was just the prerequisite for this exam!”‘His power, speed and stamina are all overwhelming… He really is the greatest hero!’“Now that I have destroyed young Bakugou’s gauntlets you’ve lost that firepower. It’s over.”“Shut up!”Katsuki focus as much as he can on the sweat on his palm to make a big, powerful blast. All Might loses for a second his grips on them. Katsuki grabs Izuku by the collar.“Now, focus only on running away! Reach the exit!”“But what about you?!”“At least one of us has to make it, he won’t kill me, go! Just focus on running!”He throws Izuku with all his strength and the help of an explosion towards the exit. A flash of color and All Might hits Izuku in the back in mid-air.‘Damn it!!’He propels himself towards them as fast as he can.‘One last blast…!’His masterpiece is blooming from his hands. This is his most powerful blast without the gauntlets. His last hope.“GO, DEKU, HURRY!”An intense pain flows through his arms. He reached his limit. His arms are trembling and not listening to his command anymore. ‘Ahh, I’m done for. If he really was a villain this would be the moment I die.’Izuku still has not reached the exit. All Might jumps out of the cloud of smoke and dust and prepares another attack. There is literally just one thing that he can do now. Katsuki jumps with his legs' power only and puts himself in All Might way. The man stops his punch, grabs him by the face and slams him on the ground with an exaggerated amount of force. Katsuki can feel his strength leaving him.‘Have you reached the exit yet…? I can’t… hold him for much longer…’“Go to sleep young Bakugou, you did you best.”‘No… not... yet!’He forces his arms to obey his orders and grabs All Might's arm which is keeping him on the ground. Katsuki knows that he doesn’t have enough strength to keep him in place. He bites his hand. He can feel tears starting to build up in his eyes.‘Not yet…!’He tries to make explosions. Only a puff of smoke appears.He doesn’t have the strength to turn his face and check if Izuku reached the exit.His consciousness fades away. ------ Izuku is slowly making his way to the exit.‘I’m slow, too slow! My back hurts, I can’t walk faster! Kacchan, are you okay?!’He looks back in time to see Katsuki put himself between him and All Might's punch.He watches as his partner gets crushed on the ground.He watches as his partner grabs All Might's arm.He watches as his partner bites him.He watches as his partner starts crying.He watches as his partner’s grip on the arm fades.‘If he was a real villain this would be the moment Kacchan dies.’The thought hits him hard, like one of All Might’s punches.‘Kacchan, I’m sorry. I’m gonna lose this exam for both of us. I’m sorry but I can’t run. I can’t let you there to die!!’He focuses One for All in his legs and right arm. His mind strangely calm and sharp as never before. His fist makes contact with All Might's cheek sooner that he expects.“YOU ARE IN MY WAY!!”Izuku doesn’t waste any time checking where All Might ends up.He gently put one arm under Katsuki's stomach while with the other he supports his head.Izuku runs for the exit purely on adrenaline alone. He collapses on the ground just beyond the gate.Izuku looks at the boy that lay beside him. He puts a hand on his cheek before faint.
‘I’m sorry, did it hurt?’




Chapter End Notes
Time to grow up Kacchan.I'll see you.


Everything is alright.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




All Might, in his weak form, drags himself out the gate to his pupil. No, to his pupils. He observes them, they are lying on the ground so close to each other.‘My boys… I’m so proud of you! You two are so beautiful!’He has a huge smile on his face and he almost wants to cry.‘In these last minutes both of you completely forgot that this was an exam. In your mind, this was a true battlefield. Young Bakugou, you decided to use your body as a human shield in a desperate attempt to protect your partner from impending death. Then when you were on the ground you tried to give him as much time as you could to save himself. The desperation in your last acts… I’ve rarely seen anything like that. What kind of beast lives inside you that you can pull off such a facial expression so easily?  Young Izuku, you completely threw away your possibility to survive. You decided to come back inside the battlefield with virtually zero possibility to save him and yourself. No, you didn’t decide anything, that was the only thing you could do.’All Might kneels down and puts a hand on each boy.‘You two are going to be fine. Your Connection is perfect, it won’t ever fail. It’s already stable enough. You’ll be fine. Ah, what am I thinking? You two won’t be just fine, you two are going to pierce through all obstacle together and reach the very top. My dear successors.’“Looks like you were right…”“C’mon man! Don’t look so disappointed, Aizawa!”“Don’t be stupid, I’m not disappointed, just surprised. I was sure they were done for.” Aizawa scrathes his head.“It’s not easy for us who don’t have a Connection to really understand how all of this feel for them.”“I don’t even understand love, let alone this stuff. I’m a logical person.”“More like a cynical person, my friend!”All Might laughs, everything is fine. ------ Ochako is wiping her tears discretely.‘I was right! I was right! These two…!’Ochako kept her breath hold during the whole fight, anxiety eating at her stomach. Well, not during all the fight, she would be dead by now. The first part had been especially painful. In the monitoring room they had the images but not the audio, so she had no idea what they talked about but their cooperation was…“They are a disaster! I’m going to expel both of them!”Mr. Aizawa snapped when Deku jumped backward straight into Bakugou. She was really scared at that point. There were so many stories about a Connection gone in the wrong direction!They would often become enemy, fighting against each other for their whole life out of pure hatred. The saddest stories, however, were the ones where they were unable to keep the Connection stable. They would end up killing each other after many attempts to forget all about the other. One time a friend of one of these people said in an interview, after her friend died, that the hardest she tried to forget him and not let him control her life the more he would haunt her nightmares.Of course all people had, at some point in their lives, hoped that they were a special existence for someone but realistically speaking it was not only a rare occurrence but a dangerous one too. Soon after that awful display of miscommunication, they disappeared from the screen. When they came back on view something was different. She didn’t know what it was but it was not really important. Whatever happened was for their eyes only.The end of the fight really moved her. The way both of them saved the other…‘So this is the power of a Connection, hm?’She hears a sob coming from somewhere in the room. Kirishima is crying with an arm on his face. She looks around and sees some really confused and surprised faces.‘I see. This fight was a bit too exposed. The most emphatic of them have finally caught on.’“Hey guys! Why don’t we go back to the classroom and wait for them to come back to us?” she says to them.No one has anything against it.'Everything is fine now.' ------- When Izuku wakes up is afternoon. He is in the infirmary and the bed beside him is empty. He sits up immediately, scared.“Kacchan!”“I’m here, you idiot.”Katsuki is seated in a corner with his face resting in his hand, he has a fresh school uniform and his hair are damp.“What happened…?” Izuku asks.“Dunno, apparently we passed the practical exam.”The memories come back all at once.‘Oh… that… really happened…’“I assume you reached the exit?” asks Katsuki.“Ah… yeah…  sure…”‘I don’t think it would be a good idea to mention… the rest. He’ll probably yell at me because I did something stupid instead of just going for the exit as he said…’“Well, that’s good then…”Silence.‘What is this atmosphere?!’“We are supposed to receive our results in the classroom, you should take a shower.” Katsuki gets up and reaches for the door.“Ah, wait! I’ll be ready in a flash, wait for me!”“Only for five minutes then I’m going without you!”“Sure, thanks!”Izuku grabs the fresh uniform that was left for him on his bed table and runs to the shower room. When he reenters the infirmary ten minutes have passed but Katsuki is still there.“Let’s go.”Izuku trails behind him for a bit before he catches himself.‘Ah… old habits die hard…’He speeds up a bit until he is walking by his side. Katsuki doesn’t say anything. Izuku smiles a little.‘This is fine. Yes, this is good.’ ------- Katsuki is really tired when he finally reaches his house.“Katsuki!”Both his parents are at the door when he opens.‘Geez, don’t they have anything better to do?’“How are you dear?” his father asks.“I’m fine! I’m perfectly fine! What’s your problem you old rags?”He is surprised to find that it true, he is tired but nothing else. They look at each other for a moment before smiling.“Ah, so you’re not dead yet, you degenerate son, too bad.” his mother is smiling.“Wash your mouth, you useless mother!”“How did the exams go, dear?”“Third in the finals and I passed the practical.”“Good for you, maybe there is still hope that someone will marry you someday!” his mother looks really in good spirit.“Haa?! Who wants to get married?!”“Dinner is almost ready, dear.”After dinner, he finally throws himself on his futon. He puts his pillow on his head. He is so tired, he didn’t sleep at all the night prior.‘So, from now on Deku won’t walk behind me anymore. Well, I can live with that. It’s not that bad. At least I won’t have to listen to his steps anymore.’He shifts a bit.‘Not that I was listening. It just happened sometimes. He has the tendency to find himself in trouble the moment I stop paying attention!’He puts the pillow back in its place.‘Yeah. I’m fine with this. Everything is fine.’ ----- The day after Izuku goes shopping with his classmates. Some of them actually failed the practical exam but Mr. Aizawa decided to let all of them participate in the summer camp. He meets with them at the mall. He is a little disappointed that Katsuki decided to not come, but he’ll see him soon enough. After a bit of running around, they split up into different groups. Izuku somehow finds himself alone with Uraraka.  She is grinning happily for some reason.“Something good happened, Uraraka?”“Hmm, not really, but yeah.”“I… don’t get it.”“Nothing happened to me exactly, but something good happened to one of my friends and I’m happy for him!”“O-oh that’s nice!”“Yeah!”She is smiling at him very brightly, Izuku is confused.‘Is this something I should know? Did I miss something?’“Bakugou has decided not to come today?”“He doesn’t like this kind of things and he is probably still tired from yesterday.”Uraraka nods.“I’m glad you two are on good terms again.”She runs ahead still smiling.“I’m going to buy the bug spray!”She disappears from view.‘I came here with the whole class and I found myself alone somehow…’“Cool, you’re from U.A.! Can I get an autograph?”A strange man appears behind him out of nowhere and puts an arm on his shoulders.“You are the one that got involved in the business with the villains a couple of time, right?”‘How does he knows all of this?’“Do you remember me? To think we’d meet again! I can’t help but think that something special helped you come this far.”The man is whispering in his ear. Izuku feels dread cowling under his skin.“I’m Tomura Shigaraki and we last met in that attack on U.A.”He is smiling. His smile emanates an almost childlike evil. Shigaraki tightens his hand on Izuku’s neck.“Since that time I had someone keep an eye on the situation. I’ve learned a lot of interesting things about you. You know what I think? I think that you’re strongly related to All Might. All Might, that man disgust me so much! Well, no matter. The next time we meet I’ll kill you. Before that, though, I have a really fun idea to make you suffer.”Shigaraki lets him go and starts to walk away.“You should keep a close eye on the person you care about.”It takes Izuku five minutes before he is breathing normally again.‘The person I care about…? Who, All Might? No, everything is going to be alright, I’m sure.’ ----- “Is All for One going to make a move?”All Might is talking to a police officer, one of his closest friends.“Probably, if Shigaraki has understood young Midoriya position, All for One has too.”All for One is All Might’s biggest enemy. He disappeared years ago, never to be found again, but this young man, Tomura Shigaraki, is somehow connected to him.‘This man has threatened my pupil with his Connection. Luckily, young Midoriya didn’t understand his threat because he is not yet aware of his peculiar bond with young Bakugou. I need to be more careful from now on. I need to protect them both.’“The location of the summer camp must be kept secret. I’m afraid for the safety of my student. I can’t go there personally, Aizawa is the responsible for this trip. Secrecy is paramount.”“Don’t worry, my friend. This time we will capture All for One and end all of this once and for all.”“… Nice tongue-twister you did there…”The two men look at each other before start laughing.‘Yeah, this time everything will be alright!’ ----- The summer camp is really difficult, but fun too. They do specific quirk training to improve control and power. They do physical training. They prepare food together, bath together and sleep together.  Males and females separated obviously.Izuku is really happy to spend some time with all his new friends.Ida, Uraraka and Todoroki became part of his daily life. Before the summer camp it was almost strange not see them every day. Ida was still strict but was indispensable for the class, he was the only person capable of containing the chaos. Uraraka was always cheerful and she always tried her best. Todoroki was slowly becoming more social, smiling more often and speaking to people.Katsuki’s attitude had changed since the exam. He was yelling far less, and his anger now was funny to their classmates more than intimidating. They had not spoken since that day and Katsuki was not meeting his eyes very often but that was normal, nothing new.Izuku is a bit worried about something though. One of the girls who is hosting them has a nephew that hates heroes and is them avoiding all. Izuku tried to talk a bit to him but to no avail.One evening the class decides to do a test of courage. They split into groups of two but Izuku ends up as the leftover. The test starts and everyone makes their way into the forest. A strange mist envelops the forest out of the blue.
-Everyone! We are under attack by two or more villain! All of you need to return to the camp at once! Don’t engage fight!-
‘A telepathic message?! This is the quirk of one of the girls that are hosting us!’Izuku hurries back to the camp.“Has anyone seen Kota, my nephew?” The girl is fighting a villain with snakeskin.“I think I know where he is!”Izuku has followed him around a bit the day prior.“I’m going to get him!” he says.“Wait, you shouldn’t be running around alone!!” the girl's scream is vain.Izuku has already activated One for All in his legs and jumps. He reaches the mountain cliff where the kid goes to hide and sure enough he is there, but there is a villain too. Izuku doesn’t stop to think, it’s time to fight to save a life.“It’s going to be okay Kota, I’m going to save you!”“Ohh, I know who you are, but you’re not my target for tonight!” says the man.The villain has an incredibly strong right arm. Izuku tries to counter him with One for All but it’s not enough.“Do you know where a kid named Bakugou is? He is my target!”‘Kacchan?! Why him?!’“You don’t know? Well then, I guess I’m gonna play a little with you!”The villain is too strong for him, Izuku ends up using far more of his quirk than he can handle and breaks both his arms. Still, he wins and that is the only thing that matter. Kota is safe.“You need to go to the hospital!!” the kid is screaming in tears.“No, I’m okay there is still something I have to take care of…”“Where do you think you’re going like this?!”“Everyone is in trouble and they are after one of my friends. I need to tell Mr. Aizawa and the others. First of all, I need to take you to the camp. I saved up my legs for this. Grab on me.”Izuku takes Kota on his back and runs.‘They are after Kacchan. I need to find him!’He has a bad feeling.
No, everything is alright, I’m sure.




Chapter End Notes
I have not written the story arc where Izuku saves Erin.It's not particularly related to his relationship with Katsuki and it's too action-packed.And the Cultural Festival arc is just started in the canon.I think you can understand where this fanfic is going to end.See you soon!


Don’t leave me behind.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Izuku keeps running until he finds Mr. Aizawa in the forest.“Mr. Aizawa! I’m glad I found you! There is a lot I need to tell you but first of all, I need to send a telepathic message to everyone! Please, take care of Kota, thanks!”“Wait, Midoriya. These wounds… You have crushed your bones again, right?” the teacher observed him from head to toes. “Ah, but…”“Find her and send this message too…”With a second message to deliver Izuku starts running again, he finds her where he had left her.“Please, use your telepathy, I have a message for everyone from Mr. Aizawa!” Izuku shouts at her, she listens to the message and starts to deliver it.-Everyone, Mr. Aizawa says it’s okay to fight back!!-Izuku is relieved when he hears the message resonating inside his head.‘Everyone, please be safe!’-The target of the villains has been identified! It’s the student called Kacchan!-Izuku starts to run again, he needs to find him.-Kacchan, avoid fighting and don’t go around alone!!- --------Kacchan, avoid fighting and don’t go around alone!!-Katsuki is irritated. Not only he is stuck with the half and half bastard but now this.“Kacchan? Who is Kacchan?” the bastard comments, confused, looking at the sky.Katsuki trips on his own feet.“You’re joking right?!” he yells.‘Why am I stuck with the only idiot that doesn’t know this stupid nickname!’“Oh, that’s you? Stay close to me then.” half and half says flatly.“Who wants to stay close to you?!”“You can’t use your quirk, we don’t know what kind of gas this is, it could be flammable. We could set fire to the whole forest.”“I already know that, damn it!”‘We are completely surrounded by this gas, I can’t use my quirk and he can’t use his fire, only his ice. If we get found by some villain things could be bad.’Of course they get found by a villain. Half and half create an ice wall.“I see ice! Todoroki, you there?!”‘This is Deku’s voice!’It’s not only him, there is a huge black thing that’s chasing him destroying everything on his way.“Kacchan! Todoroki! We need some light!” he shouts at them.“What the crap is that?!” Kastuki asks him.“It’s Tokoyami! He has lost control of his quirk! The Dark Shadow feeds on darkness, we need light!”“Alright, move aside, Midoriya!” half and half raises his left hand.“No, wait moron!” Katsuki stops him.“Why?” “Just watch.”Tokoyami’s quirk surely has weakness but when it’s on full power a person without a quirk that creates light can’t do much. Just as Katsuki expect the villain is quickly overwhelmed by the Shadow.“Now, it's time!”Both him and half and half jumps at the source of the Shadow, easily extinguishing it with explosions and fire.“Thank you, I’m saved…” The guy is trembling kneeled on the ground, exhausted. “I’m really sorry, I’m still lacking…”“It’s fine Tokoyami, I’m just glad that you’re safe. Kacchan, Todoroki, thanks for the help.” Izuku smiles at them.“You’re welcome Midoriya.” half and half nods towards Izuku.“Todoroki, Tokoyami, if you can I want to ask for your help." Izuku's tone is serious. "I need to bring Kacchan to safety, back to the camp, with your ice and your Shadow we can---““Why are you idiots talking like I’m not even here!! Do I look like a box to you?! No one brings me anywhere!!”They finally turn to look in his direction, like they are only just remembering who he is. Izuku takes the situation in his hand, completely ignoring who he is.“You just stay in the middle of the group, Kacchan. Todoroki, you are the healthiest right now, please protect him.”“Alright.” the bastard nods again.Half and half takes Katsuki’s hand. HALF AND HALF TAKES HIS HAND.“HANDS OFF, YOU BASTARD, I’M KILLING YOU!!” ------ After some attempts, Shouto gives up on taking the explosion guy’s hand. He is being too noisy, he will attract all the villains. Yet he feels like he really should hold his hand.‘If I lose him Midoriya will be disappointed in me…’Shouto does his best to survey his surrounding, on the way to the camp they find two girls.“Uraraka! Are you alright?”“Yes, Deku, but where is Bakugou?”“What do you mean where---“Shouto feels a chill down his spine. He allowed himself to get distracted.He turns. The explosion guy is nowhere to be seen. The shadow guy too. Only a villain is there.“I’ve taken them with my magic." the villain bows. "He is a wasted resource on the heroes' side, we’ll put him on a stage where he can really shine.” “GIVE HIM BACK!”The desperation in Midoriya’s voice sends another chill down his spine. Shouto feels the urge to move, to do something.“Give him back? What an odd thing to say. Bakugou doesn’t belong to you. He is his own person!”“GIVE HIM BACK!!!”Shouto shoots his ice. Miss.“I’m sorry but running away is my specialty! Our mission is a success, we are retreating! Bye!”“You’re not getting away!” Shouto says. The villain is really fast.“Uraraka! Make us float! Asui, throw us with your tongue as hard as you can!”“Wait! Can you even move with those wounds?!”‘She is right, he could pass out any second…’“The girl is right, I’ll do it, I’ll get him back.”“FORGET MY WOUNDS! LET’S GO!”The landing is terrible for Midoriya, his hands look really painful. There are a lot of villains here, too. Suddenly a black hole appears, the villain that has taken Midoriya’s friend spit two marbles from his mouth.“Well then, time to go.”Shouto shoots an ice spear, the marbles fall on the ground. He jumps and extends a hand. He successfully catches one of the two marbles, but fails to catch the other. The marble on the ground breaks and the explosion guy appears. The villains grab him immediately. Shouto watches powerless, too slow on getting on his feet again, as Midoriya tries desperately to take the guy’s hand and fails.“KACCHAN!!!”The black hole closes.Shouto watches as Midoriya kneels and screams, and screams and screams.‘I… failed him.’Suddenly Shouto remembers what this feeling is called.
Heartbroken.
 ------- Everything has stopped making sense.Izuku is in a hospital, his arms are plastered. He stares at the ceiling with wide eyes completely incapable of sleeping. There is only an image in front of him. The last expression that Katsuki made before disappearing into nothingness.His eyes were a bit wider than usual, his mouth slightly open quickly closed into a thin line, his left eyebrow raised a bit while he was looking at him. Then he shrugged.
He shrugged.
“I’ve been captured. Oh, well.”If Izuku’s quirk had been mind reading, that’s what he would have heard. Like it wasn’t that big of a deal. He could be dead by now, but that wasn’t that big of a deal, obviously. Izuku wants to tighten his hands around his neck. Only that he can’t. Because Katsuki has been kidnapped, and maybe now he is dead.The door opens and his classmates pour into the room like a storm. Too many voices at once.“Midoriya, how are you feeling?” Ida.Izuku tries to sound as normal as possible in his response.“I’m alright. What about all of you?”“Yaoyorozu is here in the hospital, she had a head wound, everyone else is fine.”“Except your friend, of course.” Todoroki.“Whoa, Todoroki, nice tact!” Uraraka.Izuku doesn’t have anything to say to that.“I’m going to save him. I just wanted to tell you first.”Izuku turns to look into Todoroki’s eyes. He is serious. Kirishima intervenes.“Todoroki and I came by yesterday, we ran into the police, they were talking to Yaoyorozu. Apparently, she stuck a tracking device into one of the villains, she knows their position!”“Are you're saying that we could ask her to tell us where are the villains? Absolutely not! We need to leave this to the pros! This is not our place to interfere!” Ida is shouting, looking very troubled. Kirishima snaps at him.“I know that! I couldn’t do anything in the forest! If I don’t act now forget about being a hero, I’m not even a man! Bakugou is my friend!”“I’m going, for sure.” Todoroki's intention has not changed in the slightest. Kirishima nods.“Midoriya! Todoroki and I are going! He is not beyond our reach just yet! What do you want to do?”He is looking into his eyes intensely.“I know that you’re in no condition to fight, but you’re welcome to join us. I know that this is hurting you more than anyone else. Think about this thoroughly, so that whatever happens you won’t regret it.” ------- “Won’t you join me?”Katsuki’s mind jolts awake after two days straight of being ignored and left alone in an empty bar. Apparently, his kidnappers had some urgent business to attend to, because they were in such a hurry to catch him and then they had just left him there to rot alone, chained to a chair. Not that he particularly minded. Actually he hoped that they would leave him alone forever. He has a terrible headache.The downside of being ignored was that he had all the time in the world to his thoughts. His mind replayed the last scene before the kidnapping 54 times. Izuku jumping towards him, extending his hand to him. A hand he could not reach. The desperation and hurt in his face painfully evident, it was as if his most precious thing was being stolen. ‘Why are you looking like that, you idiot? I won’t die so easily and this was certainly not your fault. When I escape from here I’ll smack you in the head.’During the confusion of the moment, he had had not enough time to say what he wanted to say. He had to settle for a shrug, hopefully, Izuku understood.‘Don’t worry about me, stupid, I’ll come back in one piece, I’m stronger than all of them combined.’“I know that you like to win, Bakugou, won’t you become my ally?” the villain is talking to him.“Thank you, you can take your offer and fuck yourself with it.” he answers amicably.The villain briefly laughs, hysterically. “We have a little smartass here, don’t we? But that’s a good spirit, can’t you see that you’re not suited to be a hero? We understand you, these rules have always suffocated us too.”“You have understood shit about me. I’ve always admired All Might’s triumph! And it’s exactly because I admire him that I want to beat him! I want him to recognize my strength!”“I see, I see! You, of all people, have a good shot at beating him after all. Well, I guess that since you won’t become one of us I’ll have to kill you.”Katsuki’s headache makes him a little less careful than usual so he lets slip his question.“What do you mean, ‘you of all people’?”“Oh, I mean, you are the one with a Connection with All Might’s successor. I guess his victories can be considered yours?”Katsuki can feel that the villain is mocking him, but he can’t stop himself.“What the fuck do you mean a Connection? With who?”“Ah, so your other half, Midoriya, still hasn’t told you about his special quirk? One would think that a Connection would make two people more honest with each other!”“A Connection with Deku. Who is All Might’s successor. Your brain has clearly rotten some years ago.”The villain punches him in the face sending the chair he is chained to on the floor and Katsuki with it. Then he makes a fist of his hair and holds him in place as he punches him repeatedly.“Are you going to deny something so obvious? Your objective right now should be the same, to gain your freedom. So, at this moment you should feel the Connection's pull even stronger than usual. I guess you're used to it? Tell me, aren’t you constantly thinking about him?”‘No more than usual, so no.’“Isn't your mind always searching for his presence unconsciously?”‘It’s him who keeps putting himself in my eyes sight.’“Don’t you have a painful weight on your stomach, wondering how he is doing?”‘I’m just hungry, I haven’t eaten in two days.’“Having any difficulties to focus?”‘Again, I haven’t slept in two days.’“You can keep denying all you want, no matter. You know what happens when someone cut a Connection? It’s something that nothing, not love or hate or hurt, can cut. Only death. That’s why you’re here. You could have survived if you had agreed to become one of us and betrayed him, that would have forced him to fight you as an enemy after all. But since you don’t want…”The villain whisper in his ear.“I’m going to kill you and destroy All Might’s successor forever. I really think that you should apologize to him, once you'll meet him in heaven. Apologize for being such a burden!”“Hello! Pizza delivery!” a shout from beyond the door.The villain jumps away from him and at the same time the wall explodes. All Might.“Young Bakugou! It’s good to see you still in one piece! You must have been scared, I’m sorry you are okay now!”Katsuki sneer ignoring the pain.“Scared?! As if! I almost had them all!”All Might laughs while finally freeing him of the chains.“You still have a lot to learn, Shigaraki! Like this boy’s indomitable spirit, as well as my rage!”“Master, help me!!” The villain looks panicked.“Run, young Bakugou. This is a fight between me and an old acquaintance of mine.”Before he can do anything he gets teleported somewhere else along with the villain and ends up in a scene straight out of an action movie. Everything around him is destroyed, a whole street got swept away by something. No, someone.“My apologies, Bakugou." says a deep, calm voice. "Looks like you won’t be needed anymore. I’m going to fight against All Might myself. Shigaraki, you failed again…” The man’s face is covered in a strange black mask but even like this Katsuki can feel that this is the most powerful villain he ever met. “It doesn’t matter. I’ll protect you, I’ll save you and your little gang, you can kill Bakugou if that’s what you want. I have to leave you now. Goodbye.”At that moment All Might lands nearby like a meteorite.“There you are, All for One. Leave alone my student.” All Might's voice is low and scary.“Let’s settle this, One for All.” The villain boss doesn't seem scared at all. Katsuki can’t watch them fight, the villain from before, Shigaraki, is trying to catch him again. Katsuki is tired, hungry and sleep deprived but can’t do anything but fight.“You are really a pain in the ass!” he yells preparing an explosion in his felt hand.He doesn’t need to fight for long, luckily. Something that he never expected to see is flying right above his head. “KACCHAN! TAKE MY HAND!”After a second of surprise in seeing Izuku and some other people flying, Katsuki propels himself up in the air to meet, finally, the hand he could not take two days prior.Katsuki, Izuku, half and half, Kirishima, stick-up-ass guy and the girl with the creation quirk escape from the battle as fast as they can using a combination of their quirks. Once out of danger they decide to split up, Katsuki is still holding Izuku’s hand and lets him decide the next move, he is too tired to argue. The two of them, now alone, ends up in a big crown. They are all watching All Might fight on a big tv. Izuku stops to watch. Katsuki tries to watch the fight but soon enough finds himself staring at Izuku.Izuku is trembling.“No… that’s… he can’t… it’s a secret…”On tv, All Might is completely different from before, he looks so… weak.‘What’s going on… I don’t understand anything anymore…’“ALL MIGHT, DON’T GIVE UP! YOU CAN WIN!”He can feel Izuku’s pain in his voice. He shouts with him.“WIN, ALL MIGHT!”Just like in the fairy tales, in the end the hero always wins.All Might stands victorious, his body covered in wounds. He points his index finger through the tv.-YOU ARE NEXT-Katsuki watches as Izuku kneels on the ground and starts crying.All the pieces of the puzzle are now in the right place.The villain wasn’t lying.Izuku is All Might’s successor.And he is…
 

Don’t leave me behind.




Chapter End Notes
I feel that this is was extremely rushed...I'm horrible at describing action scene, I'm sorry.I hope it's intelligible at least...See you with... the end.


I’ve caught you, Kacchan! You’re embarrassing, Deku!
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




All Might, Yagi Toshinori, is standing on the beach close to young Midoriya's house. He breathes in deeply the ocean scent, he feels nostalgic but calm, like an important chapter of his life has been definitively closed and yet he has discovered that life still goes on even now. Everything has changed yet nothing has been lost.“ALL MIGHT! All Might!”“Oh, you’re late kid!” He punches his pupil in the face but nothing happens, he can’t even scratch him anymore. “You never do as you are told, do you?! You always run toward dangers making a mess out of your own body!”His pupil squirms uncomfortably, feeling guilty.“This time I don’t really blame you though and you made it out of danger without hurting yourself. That makes me happy. From now on I’ll dedicate myself to your education, let’s do our best, the both of us!”He lets the boy cry his eyes out on his shirt, it’s best if he lets out all of his concealed feelings now and becomes strong later. Toshinori gently caresses his hair.The following day Toshinori has the ungrateful duty to inform all the students’ families that from now on, to avoid another terrible situation like the one at the summer camp, his students have to live inside a specially made school dormitory. The parents were obviously worried but in the end all of them gave the permission, he only has Bakugou’s and Midoriya’s families left. He is really worried about these two, especially since they were the most involved.“Right, yep, take him away.” immediately answers Bakugou's mother.“Don’t shove me around, you old bat!”Young Bakugou was literally grabbed and shoved to him.“Please, you two, you must be shocking the teachers…”“Shut up, dad!”Toshinori is starting to question the mental health of the whole family. ‘What’s wrong with these people…’“I want to apologize for everything that---““Oh, you mean the kidnapping? Don’t apologize, it was Katsuki’s fault for being so weak and cause trouble for everyone! This stupid kid was blessed with talent and showered with praises since he was little, look how he ended up! That’s why I really appreciate your school, I’m sure that you can take good care of him. I can already see him changing a bit. I’m grateful!”‘Honestly, I think that this was done by someone else, not me…’“He is a helpless little hellion but please work him hard and make him into a decent hero!”‘I see, like mother like son, they are loud and a bit over the top but their heart is in the right place, I’m glad.’Toshinori leaves the house feeling a little lighter, however, he’s stopped by young Bakugou before he can enter his car.“All Might. What is Deku to you?” the kid asks him.Toshinori hesitates for a moment.‘I’m sorry, but I think that this should wait until you two are closer. It’s something you two have to work out on your own.’“He is just a student, like you.”“I see, you don’t want to tell me, thank you anyway.”Young Bakugou is not stupid and Toshinori feels extremely guilty now. ------ ‘I have to ask Deku directly then. If he is really All Might’s successor, and I’m really his Connection, then I want to know, I won’t be left behind while these two sneak around in secret! Not that I’m gonna accept this supposed Connection anytime soon, but I’m still going to become the Number One hero. This has to be settled somehow. Since Deku won’t let me be above him, and I absolutely refuse to be anything else than Number One… I guess we will have to be… Two Numbers One? Two second places? I dunno, this is stupidly weird! Life was easier when idiot Deku was below me!’Katsuki is moving the indispensable stuff to his new room, inside the U.A. dormitory. Outside the others are making a lot of noise and saying something about checking each other's room. Earlier he apologized, in his own way, to the people that went to his rescue. Now he is too focused on figuring out this thing, his future. Katsuki almost laughs, if a year ago someone had told him that he would seriously consider a way to make both his dream and his friendship with Deku works simultaneously, he would have either laughed to death or kill that person.He takes his time to put everything into its new place, he is a tidy person even if no one believes it. When he finishes it’s already sunset. He knocks on Izuku’s door.“I need to talk to you, can you come outside with me?”Izuku looks really surprised, probably because of his politeness more than the request itself, but follows him behind the dorm without questions.“What do you want to talk about?”“Once, you told me that your quirk was given to you by someone. This someone is All Might. You are his successor.”It’s not a question.“Kacchan, I’m sorry… I couldn’t tell you. It was not my secret…”“Were you ever gonna tell me? Were you planning on becoming the Number One hero while lying to me?”Katsuki is being unfair he knows, but he can’t contain his irritation. Or maybe it's something else.“No, I wasn’t…!”“It’s my fault.” says a deep voice.All Might is standing in the shadow looking at them with a serious expression.“Young Bakugou, I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have lied to you but I wasn’t sure it was the right moment to tell. As always you exceed all my expectation. You’ve already come this far on your own… Don’t be mad at him. If you want you can be mad at me, but I don’t think that’s actually the case. You aren’t particularly shocked by our secret on itself. You feel left behind because I acknowledge young Midoriya’s potential before yours.”“Why, why did you chose him as a successor? I’m not saying something selfish like ‘I could have had an easier time if you didn’t’. I’m genuinely curious.”“I think you already know. You, of all people, know how strong his spirit is. Sometimes his determination even surpasses your, and you are one of the most determined people I have ever met.  It was my responsibility to help him stand in the arena, not you, who was already standing in it as a winner.”Katsuki feels that weight inside him again.“I’m not a winner! It’s just as you said, he is much more determined than me! I’m weak! If I hadn’t let myself get kidnapped none of this would have happened! It’s my fault that you are like this now!”“Is this Katsuki Bakugou talking or the beast inside you? I’ve met enough people during my long life to recognize it on sight. You’re afraid of losing. Incredibly afraid. Every time something goes wrong you blame and call yourself a failure. That was not your fault, All for One would have come for me eventually. You had barely accepted the fact that young Midoriya could stand on equal ground with you and now you are afraid again. You think that he being my successor means that you are below him. Fight your beast young Bakugou! We both know that you are stronger than that!”All Might gets closer and pulls him into an awkward hug. Then he motions Izuku to join them. Izuku slowly and awkwardly inches closer and All Might grabs him and hugs both of them with one arm.“I have complete faith in both of you! The hero who never gives up and the hero who never lose! You two have still so much more to grow! Even now I’m already bursting with pride! You two are… the children I never had.”Katsuki awkwardly pats him on the shoulder, feeling warm but incredibly uncomfortable.‘Is it really this easy? Can I really accept such an honor without having proved anything? Can I really consider me and Deku equal, now and forever?’
I don’t want a Connection to tell me who I am, I want to choose it myself and earn it my way.

 
------ During the following days, Izuku would often space out remembering that evening.All Might’s confession and speech to Katsuki had been really moving. Especially when he said that they were the children he never had. Izuku’s father abandoned them, he and his mother, a little after he discovered he was quirkless. Izuku had always missed a father figure in his life. All Might filled that role. He didn’t want to recognize it openly because he felt arrogant putting such role on someone like All Might. If he himself was willing to accept it…More than that, though, it was that special moment where Katsuki left his emotion show clearly that hit him. It was the first time he had ever seen that side of him. He could sometimes perceive something below the surface, like during the match against Todoroki, but he could never really define it. A beast, All Might called it.‘There is still so much I don’t know about him. I always felt like I had all the answers, that I knew him best then everyone else. Way to show me I was wrong. All Might is right. We still have a lot to grow. I always blindly considered Kacchan invincible, never capable of doubting himself. Did I ever put pressure on him, I wonder? I wonder if he felt like he was supposed to be better and never show any weakness because of me…’Izuku promised himself to try and take a better look at him. To put aside his old image of a perfect human being with no weakness and look at him.‘How ironic… I told him to look at me, to accept me… while I should have looked at him better…’The day of the exam for the provisory licenses for pro heroes arrives soon that he expects. The exam itself is made even more difficult by the fact that the other hero schools participating are actively trying to defeat the U.A. students.A naked girl tries to distract him using her body.“Wow, you aren’t looking away, no one told you it’s not polite to stare at a lady like this?”He turns, blushing, only then realizing what he was looking at.“I’m sorry! No, wait a minute! Even if she is naked I can’t look away! She is the enemy!”“An enemy huh? So you aren’t affected by my charm at all! Aww…”Uraraka intervenes.“Too bad for you, cheater, he plays for the other team!”“I don’t-- Wait, what?! Where is this coming from?!”“Well, I guess you don’t really play for another team, more like for another player!”“I don’t get it.”“It’s fine! Focus on winning!”After winning in the first phase, all the students from Class 1-A takes part in the second phase. During this phase Izuku lets himself get distracted a couple of time because of Katsuki. His friend is supposed to help and rescue people from a fake disaster scene. An elderly couple waves at him crying and screaming.“Please save us!!”“Shut up!! Save your damn selves!!!”‘WHAT are you doing, what. Kacchan.’The elderly couple starts to discuss animatedly. “Wait… In this scenario we are playing as low priorities, could it be?! Was he able to make the correct judgment in an instant?!”‘NO HE WAS NOT, HOW IS THAT CORRECT!?’Unfortunately, not everything ends well. Todoroki is caught in a strange argument with a student from another school and ends up being defeated by one of the examiners. The exam ends and Todoroki is the only one in Class 1-A who fails.“I’m sorry, it seems I still have a lot to learn...”Izuku and Katsuki passed the exam but only barely.“Don’t worry, we all have still much to learn, don’t take this too hard.”------- Katsuki is walking down one of the streets of the first exercise site, the fake city where Katsuki and Izuku fought for the first time. Izuku is following him silently. They stop right in front of that same building from last time.“Kacchan, is something wrong? What do you want to talk about this time?”“What, I’m being a nuisance?”“No! No, that’s not what I meant! I--”“No, I’m absolutely going to be a nuisance, so prepare yourself.”Katsuki turns to face him and locks eyes with him.“Fight me.”“Wait, what?”“This is going to be the last time, we are going to settle this once and for all. If you can prove it to me… then I’m going to accept everything that comes in my way, without question it every single time. I want a conclusive proof that this is who I want to be.”“Prove what? You are seriously losing me here!”“No matter. A fight with no quirk allowed. This is not about All might, or my natural born talent, or anything else. This is between you and me.”Izuku may be the most determined of the two, but Katsuki wasn’t that far behind. He would not force him to fight because then there would be no point, but he is not going to give up either.They fight.
‘This fight… may not hold much meaning for me…

but didn’t I promised that I would try to understand you more?

You accepted me that day during the practical exam.

I’m going to do the same now.

I’m the one person you chose to express your feelings.

So I’m going to accept all of them!’

'You’re not going to chase my back,

I’m not going to chase yours either.

Show me. Show me that this can work.

Give me something that I can trust!’

‘I have observed you since we were kids,

I have seen all about you. 

I know that you have difficulties when holding a pen,

your hands are so sweaty and oily that you need to constantly carry a handkerchief.

That’s the reason you always keep your hands in your pockets!

I know that you like cooking.

I know that you are a neat-freak.

I know your favorite color, food, season, day of the week…

Hell, I probably even know all the brands of boxers you wear!’

'It’s just like All Might said,

I’m scared. I’m terrified of losing.

Losing means lacking.

When I lack something, 

like ability, experience, empathy…

it leads me to a personal failure.

But there are times…’

 

‘I thought I had seen all about you,

but we never got past the surface.

I didn’t dare and you didn’t care.

It turned out that I only knew your back. 

Now that I can stand beside you, even in front of you sometime…

Let me see all the things I didn’t see!’ 

‘There are times when my failures hurt others.

My lack of social skills sometimes hurts my parents.

My lack of strength did hurt All Might.

My lack of trust in you…

Was the reason I was able to hurt you.

Do you know? 

The scene you showed me that day, in this very building,

when you recklessly throw yourself at me and got hurt…

That scene haunts all my nightmares.

It was one of the biggest failures I ever experienced.

I didn’t trust you, I felt betrayed… 

and I did what I did. 

You are my nightmare.’

‘I’m finally confident enough in myself to do this.

I can finally move at your same speed,

I can dodge you and you can dodge me. 

This fight is… 

is actually fun!

I feel like…

If I try a little harder I can almost touch you!'

‘I don’t want to fail anymore,

I don’t want to be afraid of it anymore.

I want to trust you. 

I want to be confident in myself!

Prove it to me!’
 They are still fighting and yet that’s not the important part anymore. In Izuku’s chest a feeling of uncontainable euphoria is growing. Katsuki can see it in his eyes, they have that peculiar spark of light. Izuku’s speed increases slightly to match his mood. Katsuki’s chest tightens in fright, he suddenly finds himself backing away in an uncertain escape, his arms in a defensive position.Suddenly he stumbles into a crack in the ground and gets distracted for a second, his mind panicking, instinctively stretching his right arm back to stop a potential fall, turning his head just a little. When he realizes his mistake it’s already too late.When his eyes focus on Izuku’s face once again, two fingers touch his forehead.“I’ve caught you, Kacchan!”They look at each other, frozen in place.Katsuki can feel his cheeks warming up all the way to his ears.Izuku’s big, satisfied smile slowly becomes an expression of incredulous embarrassment.“You two, you’ll be my death.”Both Katsuki and Izuku jump away from each other when they hear Mr. Aizawa’s voice.“You are outside after curfew, and you were fighting… What I’m supposed to do with you two… Follow me…”While they are following the teacher Katsuki steals a glance at Izuku’s face. He still has that expression.“Stop that! You’re embarrassing, Deku!”“Right back at you, you’re still a bit red you know!”They can’t meet the other’s eyes anymore. 
“I’ve caught you, Kacchan!”

“You’re embarrassing, Deku!”




Chapter End Notes
This is a story about personal growth.Katsuki had a lot of things to learn about Izuku and about himself. Izuku had to learn how to look at someone he thought he knew perfectly without his filter of prejudice and realize Katsuki's layers of complexity.They are not in love yet. They barely took the first step toward looking at each other properly.The Connection doesn't force them to love each other either, they could be just friend or work partner forever. They could but they won't because I've decided differently :PWhat I'm going to do now?First thing first, I'm currently writing for another fandom, honing my skills and stuff like that.Then I'm writing a new fanfiction set in a completely original storyline too, but it's not ready yet.Anyway, I want to thank you all for the courage that you gave me! I was a little scared of writing in English, now I'm feeling a lot more confident!I don't think this will be the last time you see me :)See you someday!



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



