



The Heaviness of a Heart - stormoftara - osoSong san Osomatsu-san
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

The Heaviness of a Heart
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/11541051.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
Gen
Fandom:
おそ松さん | Osomatsu-san (Anime)
Relationship:
Matsuno Karamatsu & Matsuno Choromatsu
Character:
Matsuno Karamatsu, Matsuno Choromatsu, Matsuno Osomatsu, Matsuno Ichimatsu, Matsuno Todomatsu, Matsuno Jyushimatsu, Chibita (Osomatsu), Matsuno Matsuyo
Additional Tags:
Suicide, Suicide Attempt, Shinju - Freeform, Angst, Angst and Humor, Swearing, Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism, Brotherly Bonding
Stats:

        Published: 2017-07-18
          Completed: 2018-07-18
          Chapters: 24/24
        Words: 61414
      

The Heaviness of a Heart
by stormoftara
Summary
Karamatsu joins a forum for suicidal people. He lacks the courage to kill himself on his own, but finds someone that has the same problem living in the same city. The two make a pact to kill themselves together, but upon their meeting Karamatsu finds that it was his brother Choromatsu. Now Karamatsu has a new mission, to stop his little brother from killing himself.A fanfic about two sad boys just trying their best to survive.




Plans Gone Astray





Karamatsu sat in Sutabaa, his neck warm from the blue scarf that currently adorned it. He sipped on his coffee as he looked out the window. He was waiting for someone, but as for who that was… Karamatsu was snapped out of his thoughts when he saw his younger brother Choromatsu passing by. Choromatsu didn't normally come to this part of town, and his eyes were darting around like he was on the lookout for something. Karamatsu slid down in his seat, not wanting to be seen. Not now. The bell over the door chimed as Choromatsu entered Sutabaa. Karamatsu slid down further in his seat, hoping he could just turn invisible. No one ever noticed him anyway, right? This wouldn't be a problem. Choromatsu would just leave and then Karamatsu could have his meeting in peace. Of course it wasn't that easy, and Choromatsu pounded up to Karamatsu his mouth in an angry triangle. “What are you doing here? Especially in a blue scarf? It's summer! Gah! Go home!” “Ah, my dear brother, I was just enjoying a nice cup of coffee and the latest in men’s fashion.” Karamatsu said with a wink. “I don't care why or what you are doing.” Choromatsu fidgeted with the hem of his green plaid shirt. “Just go, you are confusing things with that stupid scarf. I'm supposed to be meeting someone here.” Karamatsu pondered for a moment. Choromatsu was meeting someone here as well? What a popular place Sutabaa was today. He couldn't leave, but he really didn't want Choromatsu to listen in on his meeting. Karamatsu furrowed his brow. That's when something else dawned on him, why had Choromatsu seemed so upset about the blue scarf? “Ah, brother, the person you are meeting, did they say they would wear a blue scarf so you could identify them?” “Eh? How did you know that?” Choromatsu started gulping down air so fast his face began to turn red. “You wouldn't happen to call yourself Nyaafan96 online?” Karamatsu almost didn't want to hear the answer. Choromatsu quickly turned on his heels and started for the door, “Nope, nope this isn't happening.” “Wait.” Karamatsu leapt from his seat almost spilling his coffee all over his leather jacket. He grabbed a hold of Choromatsu’s wrist before he could take another step. Choromatsu looked back at him, his eyes ablaze. Karamatsu let him go, but still followed him out the door. “Don't follow me Shittymatsu. Just go away.” Choromatsu growled without looking back. Karamatsu felt a lump rising in his throat making it hard to even speak. “Choro-Choromatsu. Please calm down, let's talk about this.” Choromatsu turned around and yelled, “What, are you making fun of me? Did you plan all this out or something? Well that's shitty. Real shitty. Why don't you just go away!” “Brother, I promise I would never do anything to hurt you like that. I didn't know it was you…” Karamatsu let out a deep sigh, trying to ignore the stares they were getting from passersby. “I should have known, who else but you would have such a painful username as MyLightShinesForYou?” Choromatsu let out another scream. Karamatsu was used to being painful, to always causing hurt to everyone around him. He never intended to, it just seemed to be a side effect of his existence. He never wanted to hurt Choromatsu though. He never wanted to hurt anyone again. That's why he had come up with this plan. A few weeks ago, after finally getting a smartphone, Karamatsu had discovered a website. He had been searching up terms like “How do you make the pain stop?” The word that answered him? Suicide. Death would be the ultimate end to all pain, right? The website he found had a forum full of people who also wanted to end the pain. He had started talking to someone called Nyaafan96. Karamatsu found out that he lived in the same city as he did. That's when a pact was made. They'd meet up in real life. They would kill themselves together, since neither was brave enough to do it alone. That was the plan. They would meet up at Sutabaa today, with Karamatsu wearing his blue scarf to identify himself. He never thought it would turn out like this. That his suicide partner would be Choromatsu. This couldn't be reality, yet the Choromatsu standing in front of him with such angry eyes seemed to break all doubt. “Can we go somewhere and talk about this? Shouting won't get us anywhere.” Karamatsu was still keenly aware of the glares they were getting. “Fine! Let's go to the park, but you better give me a good explanation when we get there.” Choromatsu pounded off. Karamatsu followed him silently, his mind a whirl. Out of all his brothers, the last one he expected to be suicidal was Choromatsu. Ichimatsu seemed far more likely. Maybe there really had been a mistake? Somehow? Choromatsu headed into the park and slumped down against a tree far away from any people. Karamatsu posed next to him, leaning against another tree with one arm and his other hand under his chin. He could only assume he looked cool. “Cut the act Karamatsu. Explain yourself. Why were you posting on that website, and why did you ask me to meet up with you?” Choromatsu practically growled. “Heh.” Karamatsu stopped posing and leaned up against the tree with his arms crossed against his chest. “I honestly didn't know it was you brother. I just wanted to…” Karamatsu trailed off. He didn't want to finish his sentence and admit he wished for death, not to his own brother. He was doing this so he would stop causing them pain right? Wait, it couldn't be… Karamatsu clutched the front of his shirt as he took a step forward, “You don't want to die because of me, right? Because I'm so painful? Listen, I'll kill myself so you don't have to die my dear brother, you…” “Are you really that stupid? I don't want to die because of you. I...it doesn't matter why I want to die.” Choromatsu looked away from Karamatsu towards some nearby flowers. Karamatsu let go of his shirt, but his heart still felt heavy. Far too heavy, like he could collapse from the sheer weight alone. That confirmed any lingering doubts. Choromatsu wanted to die. “I see.” Karamatsu paused to gather his thoughts. “I don't think you should die, you have so much worth, like a shining star in the night sky.” “Really? Cut the bullshit theatrics Karamatsu. You didn't care about me dying when I was Nyaafan96 did you?” Choromatsu let out a sigh. “This is all so stupid. I should’ve known this would end badly. It's not like anything ever goes right for me. Why did it have to be you?” “Ah, sorry.” Karamatsu looked down at the ground, kicking at a nearby rock. “I know I'm a disappointment…” He gave a nervous laugh. “What are you going to do now?” Choromatsu hugged his knees. “Huh?” “You aren't going to tell the others right? About me wanting to kill myself?” Choromatsu looked up at his older brother. “I wouldn't. You seem to have forgotten that we are in the same boat. It was I who contacted you, remember?” Karamatsu tried to remain as nonchalant as he always did. “Oh right, of course. I guess I just didn't expect any of this. What should we do now?” Choromatsu wondered. “So, do you not want to kill yourself anymore?” Karamatsu let himself smile a bit at that thought. That would be nice, no one but him deserved to die. “I didn't say that. I'll just do it by myself, I guess. I should have just done that from the beginning. I was weak...I didn't want...” Choromatsu squeezed his knees tighter. Karamatsu could feel his heart growing far too heavy for even him to bear. He couldn't let Choromatsu die. He ended up crouching down closer to his brother, “Well we made a pact, didn't we?” He had to buy some time to convince Choromatsu not to do this. “I'm not one to go back on my word, especially not to one of my dearest brothers. So if you are still willing, I will die with you.” Choromatsu looked at him with wide eyes, “But, is that really okay? I mean, is this okay? Erm, I don't know how to say this, but should we really still do this? Wouldn't it be easier if we just pretended we never met today?” Karamatsu let his head fall down slightly. All of this was too heavy. This wasn't a normal situation anyway, was it? What kind of cowardly person couldn't even die on their own? And now he was dragging his own brother into this. Karamatsu really was the worst, but he lifted his head. He had to find the determination to stop Choromatsu, no matter what. “Ah, but we are already in this together. Like a beautiful green landscape running alongside the deep blue ocean, we are tied together by this twist of fate.” Choromatsu groaned. “Fine. Just stop with that painful talk. I guess dying with you would be better than dying alone.” Karamatsu could feel how defeated Choromatsu sounded in his heavy heart. At least that was one step done. “So now we have a true pact. You cannot die without me now.” Karamatsu held out his pinkie finger. “Let's promise, we are in this together.” Choromatsu reached out his hand, and after a moment of hesitation linked pinkies with Karamatsu. “It's a promise then.” Choromatsu retracted his pinkie before speaking again. “Don't tell the others about this. And don't ask me stupid questions about why I want to die. Okay?” “Of course. So then.” Karamatsu shifted himself so that he was sitting against the tree. “We need to get all our affairs in order before we do it. Make sure we leave nothing undone. Maybe we should make a bucket list?” “Like it matters, we are NEETs. What could we possibly have left to do? Let's just do it now.” Choromatsu said. Karamatsu gripped at his chest again, “Heavy…” “What was that?” Choromatsu questioned. “Heh, nothing.” Karamatsu suddenly remembered all the times others had called him painful. Were they feeling something similar to this? No wonder, it really was quite painful. But now wasn't the time for such thoughts. “Surely you must have something you want to do before you die?” “I can't think of anything. Let's just get this over with.” “Well there are some things I want to do. Why don't we make up lists of what we’d like to do, and meet back here tomorrow. Then we can discuss the method of our death as well.” Karamatsu gave a smile, the one he was so used to wearing at all times to cover his pain. “So you haven't even decided how we are going to kill ourselves yet?” Choromatsu whined. “Heh, as for that,” Karamatsu whipped out his sunglasses from his jacket pocket and placed them on his face. “I have no plans.”Choromatsu pulled a hand down his face, “How can you honestly expect me to take you seriously when you act like that? Do you even really want to die? How could someone so in love with himself even think about suicide?” “Ah, well you said you won't talk about your reasons, so neither will I.” Karamatsu stood up, and offered a hand to help his brother up as well. “Let’s go home for now. We can talk about this more tomorrow.” Choromatsu took his hand, but still seemed a bit panicked. “Go home? How can we just go home and act like everything is fine?” “I've been doing it for years. You'll be fine, just act like you always do, my brother.” Karamatsu looked at his younger brother, smiling. Choromatsu took in a gulp of air like he was about to speak, but instead he just moved past Karamatsu. Karamatsu wasn't sure, but he thought he heard his brother utter the words, “It's all an act?” Karamatsu took off his sunglasses and followed his brother back to their house. Karamatsu slid open the door to the sextuplets shared room. “I'm home, brothers!” No one even glanced up to look at him, as expected. He still kept his normal smile on his face as he sat down at the table next to Osomatsu who was reading a magazine. Ichimatsu was playing with a cat near the window while Todomatsu was typing on his phone on the couch. Jyushimatsu was out, probably practicing baseball. Karamatsu took out his mirror and started examining himself. Business as usual. Choromatsu sat over in the corner, and took out an old magazine with Nyaa-chan on the cover. “Oi, Choromatsu, I thought you were going to be out late tonight?” Osomatsu put down his own magazine and smirked at his younger brother. “Um, well plans changed, I guess.” Choromatsu flipped through the pages of his magazine too rapidly to even read them. “What, did you get stood up on a date or something?” Todomatsu interjected himself into the conversation. “Something like that…” Choromatsu said. “I don't want to talk about it. “Oh c’mon now, spill the juicy details” Osomatsu got up and crossed the room. He swung an arm around Choromatsu's shoulder. “Just leave me alone.” Choromatsu's words came out harshly as he pushed Osomatsu off and strode out of the room. Osomatsu’s face grew dark as he gazed at the ground in front of him. “Don't worry, he’s just upset.” Karamatsu spoke up to break the silence. “I'm sure in due time he’ll tell us all the details of his encounter today. Let's just give him some time.” Osomatsu looked up, his normal brightness returned. He rubbed under his nose with a finger, “Yeah, you're right. I'll just wait for him to come spill his heart to me like he always does.” Osomatsu let out one of his laughs. Karamatsu went back to looking in his mirror, a myriad of thoughts running through his head. The most prevalent one was, “What if I can't save him?” It was still so heavy.



A Black Night
Chapter Summary
Karamatsu can't sleep.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Karamatsu sat on the roof, the last of the sunlight ebbing away. He had a notebook on his lap as he tried to think of things to write. He had told Choromatsu that he had things he wanted to do. He had to think up something good, something time consuming. He needed a lot of time to think of a way to stop Choromatsu. Then he could truly die peacefully.“Oi, Karamatsu. What are you doing up here?” Osomatsu’s voice came from close behind. Karamatsu quickly flipped to another page so Osomatsu wouldn't see what he’d been writing.“Ah, Osomatsu. I was just admiring the sunset and pondering on the magnificence of the world around us.” Karamatsu grinned at the eldest brother.“That sounds like you.” Osomatsu grinned as he sat down next to Karamatsu. “Hey, do you know what’s going on with Choromatsu? You returned with him today right? Did he tell you anything?”Karamatsu closed his notebook and glanced towards the last rays of the sun. Maybe he should tell Osomatsu about Choromatsu. About the truth. But if he did that he’d end up finding out about Karamatsu as well. Not to mention they had made a promise. Karamatsu couldn't betray that trust, Choromatsu would just end up hating him. So a half lie would do. “Yes, it seems that he was to meet with someone today, but the person was not who he expected.”“Oh, was it a girl? And she ended up being super ugly!” Osomatsu laughed.“I'm unsure of the gender of his acquaintance, but I do know he was very disappointed. He just needs some space for now, he'll be back to normal in no time.” Karamatsu reassured his elder brother.“I'm sure you’re right.” Osomatsu grinned as he always did. “I'm heading in, don't stay up here too late, okay?”“Sure thing my brother.” Karamatsu grinned back. He watched Osomatsu leave. His heart felt heavy again. Sure, lying to his older brother about himself was one thing, but lying about Choromatsu was a whole different thing.When had they all started to lie to each other? Was that just a side effect of becoming adults?Karamatsu looked out at the now dark horizon. It was so bleak, so dark. So black. Karamatsu couldn't sleep that night. He ended up staring at the ceiling for an hour before he decided it was useless. He wasn’t going to get any sleep. He made sure not to disturb Ichimatsu or Todomatsu and wiggled his way out of bed.Karamatsu opened the door quietly and made his way down stairs. The house was so quiet. No, maybe the whole world was quiet. He sat down at the table in the living room without even turning the lights on.Karamatsu reflected on the day’s events. Had he really done the right thing? If only he was a better older brother, no, a better person in general. Then he might know what to do. Right now all he could do is keep Choromatsu from hurting himself.The heavy feeling returned. It felt like someone was strangling his heart. How could he not have seen that Choromatsu was in so much pain this whole time? He really was Shittymatsu, right?Karamatsu wandered into the kitchen. He opened up the fridge and saw some of Osomatsu’s beer in there. Normally Karamatsu wasn't the biggest drinker. He preferred to be sober, he always wanted to be on top of his game in case he met a Karamatsu Girl. But right now it wouldn't be a problem if he drank a few. Perhaps the lightheaded feeling he got from being drunk would lift the heavy weight from his chest as well.After few beers he found that despite his head buzzing, he really didn't feel any different. Or maybe he just felt worse. He just felt more and more like a failure. He didn't want to think anymore. Karamatsu headed back into the kitchen, his legs a bit unsteady already.Karamatsu pulled out a couple more beers, almost dropping them on the ground, but he managed to keep a hold of them. As he walked past the kitchen drawers he paused for a moment. He placed the beers on the counter and pulled open the drawer. There were several large knives his mom used for cooking. They looked pretty sharp…Maybe that would be the best option. If he offed himself right now, there was no way Choromatsu could kill himself. His other brothers wouldn't let that happen. Plus, they'd be happier without him! Yeah! Probably without him around Choromatsu wouldn't want to die anymore anyway. This would be for the best. Karamatsu picked up the sharpest knife. He would just have to slit his wrists open. Then it would be over…Oh, but a note! He should leave a note. Karamatsu put the knife back down on the counter and picked up his beers. He arrived back in the living room and got out his journal and a pen. He ripped out a page and started to write. He kept taking large gulps of the beer while he wrote.Somewhere along the line everything went black. “Shittymatsu, what are you doing?” A voice came from behind Karamatsu, and he felt someone kick him in the back.Startled, Karamatsu lifted his head off the living room table and turned around to see Ichimatsu behind him with a grumpy look on his face. “Ow.” Karamatsu rubbed his back where Ichimatsu had kicked him.Karamatsu assumed he had fallen asleep at some point, but the living room was still dark. Ichimatsu continued to glare at his older brother, still waiting for an answer. “I was, uh, sleeping?”“Sleeping in the living room? Surrounded by beers? Don't lie to me.” Ichimatsu looked over Karamatsu’s shoulder. “Huh? What's this paper?”Karamatsu snapped back to his senses real quick when he realized what Ichimatsu was looking at. His heart was about burst out of his chest, it was beating so fast. Karamatsu snatched up the paper and stuffed it in his pocket. “It's nothing my dear brother, just some painful poetry of mine, heh.”“Tch.” Ichimatsu clicked his tongue. “Go put those empty cans in recycling and come back to bed.” Ichimatsu walked away without any more questions. For that Karamatsu was grateful.His mind still felt a bit fuzzy as he got to his feet, gathering up the empty cans. Had he really drank seven cans? That's way more than he had ever drank before. He was a bit of a lightweight, he must have passed out.As Karamatsu walked through the kitchen he wondered why Ichimatsu had woken him up. Was he worried? Did he notice that Karamatsu wasn't in bed and had gone looking for him? Probably not, Ichimatsu must have got up in the night to use the bathroom or get a glass of water and saw Karamatsu then.There was a lighter sitting by the back door that Osomatsu sometimes used when he smoked. Karamatsu grabbed it. He would burn that letter he had in his pocket. He couldn't let his brothers see it.He dropped the cans off in the recycling bin. Karamatsu took out the paper from his pocket. He hadn't gotten very far in his note. And his writing wasn't very legible. From what he could make out it said, “My dear brothers, please don't be upset, although I'm sure you won't be. Things will be better with me dead. Forgive me Choromatsu. I am so sorry for being so painful.” Then there was a bunch of lines on the page that almost resembled words. Well even if Ichimatsu had seen the note he probably didn't think much of it.He would probably even find it funny, right?He would probably laugh in his face, right?Karamatsu briefly wondered why he cared so much about his brothers finding out about him wanting to die. They wouldn't care, they never cared about him before so…He couldn't think like that. It was his fault for being so painful.Karamatsu lit a corner of his note on fire, it burned up quickly. When he wrote his real suicide note it would be much better. This one sounded just so pathetic. Well that matched him in a way. He was just a coward, a man afraid to even die on his own.Karamatsu dropped the paper on the ground and watch it burn out entirely. He gave a small sigh before heading back inside.The kitchen knife Karamatsu had taken out earlier was gone now. That was the first thing he noticed upon entering the house. He couldn't remember if he had seen it when he headed out. He opened the drawer in a half panic, but thankfully the knife was put away. Maybe he had put it away while he was blacked out? Hopefully Ichimatsu hasn't seen it, well did it even matter if he did? Was it that strange to find a knife out in a kitchen? Perhaps Karamatsu was being overly paranoid.When he finally climbed back into bed, Karamatsu noticed that Ichimatsu was already back asleep. That was good. Karamatsu closed his eyes and tried to block out all thought. He fell into a restless sleep. “Drunkmatsu! Drunkmatsu!” A very cheerful voice called out to Karamatsu, pulling him out of slumber. Or maybe it was because his younger brother was shaking him back and forth in an attempt to rouse him.“Jyushimatsu. I'm awake dear brother. Please stop shaking me.” Karamatsu felt sick to his stomach and the light in the room hurt his eyes. His head felt like someone was beating on it with a hammer. Karamatsu was extremely hungover.Jyushimatsu handed his older brother a glass of water and some aspirin. “Here, here. Take this so you'll feel better.”“Thank you Jyushimatsu. How did you know I was drinking last night?” Karamatsu gulped down the pills with a long swallow of water.“Ichimatsu."Karamatsu raised his eyebrows, “He told you about that?”“Hmm, well not exactly.” Jyushimatsu crossed his arms into a thinking pose. “I heard Ichimatsu talking to Osomatsu about it.”Karamatsu frowned for a minute. Why had Ichimatsu gone to Osomatsu about Karamatsu having a few drinks? It hardly seemed something worthy of talking about. Oh, that was right. Those were Osomatsu’s beers. He’d probably be angry with Karamatsu.“Hey, nii-san why were you drinking alone?” Jyushimatsu asked with a grin.“Heh, I couldn't sleep. I thought drinking might help.”“You know what helps me sleep? Exercise! Hustle, hustle, muscle, muscle!” Jyushimatsu made motions like he was swinging a baseball bat.“You are very smart brother. Next time I shall try that instead.” Karamatsu flashed Jyushimatsu a smile despite the pain in his head.“Oh yeah! Choromatsu wants to see you downstairs. I'm going out to practice.” Jyushimatsu headed towards the door. “I'll see you later Karamatsu nii-san!”Karamatsu gave his younger brother a small wave goodbye. As soon as he was out of the room Karamatsu put his head in his hands, his smile gone now. Choromatsu would want to talk more about their plans and Karamatsu wasn't sure he had a way to stop him yet. It was too hard to think with his head pounding. Still he couldn't keep his younger brother waiting. He got dressed and headed downstairs.Karamatsu slide open the door to the living room, “Good morning brothers.” He struck a pose in the doorway, his chin in his hand.“Morning,” came a chorus of voices. Karamatsu almost fell over from shock. He hadn't been ignored?Karamatsu glanced around the living room. Osomatsu and Ichimatsu were both sitting on the couch, looking towards Karamatsu. Choromatsu had a grumpy look on his face as he looked at a magazine of some sort.Ah, but why were Osomatsu and Ichimatsu looking at him like that? Was Osomatsu perhaps mad? He should apologize before it got worse. “Ah, my dear eldest brother, it seems I have some thing I must tell you.”Osomatsu looked at him with wider eyes. “What is it?” His voice sounded shaky? Was he really that angry?“I would like to apologize for drinking your beer last night. I will replace it while I'm out today. I promise you.” Karamatsu flashed him the best smile he could.Osomatsu broke into a grin. “Oh that? Don't worry about it. Next time just wake me up we can drink together.”“Of course.” So everything seemed to be fine now. Karamatsu felt much better.Choromatsu stood up. “Alright, enough of this. Let's go Karamatsu.”“Farewell brothers!” Karamatsu called back as he exited the room.



Chapter End Notes
Oh yeah I have a tumblr. It's taramatsu-san. Visit it if you want!New chapter tomorrow!


Bucket List
Chapter Summary
Karamatsu and Choromatsu go over their Bucket Lists. Karamatsu gets drunk again.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





“So why were you drinking so late last night?” Choromatsu asked as he sat down at a picnic table in the park. It was quiet there, possibly due to it being a weekday and most normal people were at work or school. But they weren't normal people.
“I was just unable to sleep, I thought I would have a few drinks to help.” Karamatsu took a seat across from his younger brother. He was already wearing his sunglasses, the bright sun was hurting his eyes, even if his headache was almost gone.“Well don't do that again. You'll call suspicion on us. We should just be acting normally.” Choromatsu sighed.“Well then, perhaps you should be trying to act more naturally as well. You've been in panic mode since yesterday.” Karamatsu replied.Choromatsu gritted his teeth. “Yeah, sure whatever. Let's just, get this over with. What is your bucket list?”Karamatsu produced a piece of paper from his pocket and laid it flat on the table. He hadn't really finished it, but hopefully it was enough to distract Choromatsu for awhile. In that time surely he’d figure something else out.“Why didn't you make the list on your phone? Someone could find that.” Choromatsu glared.“Ah, right. I forgot about that. Well it doesn't matter, no one would go through my belonging anyway. It's not like anyone cares.” For a moment Choromatsu just looked at Karamatsu silently, his face hard to read. Karamatsu realized he might have said too much, and backpedaled a bit. “Besides there is nothing inherently suspicious about my list brother.”Choromatsu picked up the paper and started reading it, “1. Find a Karamatsu Girl. That's impossible you know.” Choromatsu glared daggers at Karamatsu.Well it probably was impossible, but that's why Karamatsu had put it on the list. But he didn't want Choromatsu to think he was planning anything strange so he replied, “Heh, I guess so. If I could’ve done that before, maybe I wouldn't be making the list to begin with. We can forget about that one.”Choromatsu started to read again. “2. Play a concert for everyone. That sounds more reasonable I guess. We could probably set something up easily.” Choromatsu pondered, “You could even play in the park, they have a small stage, don't they?”“Why yes, I will play my dulcet tones for all my Karamatsu Fans.” Karamatsu grinned. That would take a bit of planning to pull off, so that would delay them considerably. Now Karamatsu was nervous for Choromatsu to read his last item.“Alright, 3. Get a job? Are you kidding me Karamatsu? You can't be serious.” Choromatsu slammed the paper on the table.“Ah, it may seem like a jest, but I am deadly serious.” Karamatsu said.“What? Why? You've been a NEET all this time, and now that you want to die you want a job? That makes no sense.” Choromatsu seemed to be on the verge of screaming again.“You see, my motivations are actually different. Funerals aren't cheap, we don't want to burden Osomatsu.” Karamatsu nodded his head.“So you are saying we should work for our own funerals? I mean I guess that's fair. Osomatsu is a jobless NEET like us. We shouldn't make him pay for it. Although I assume the others would help as well...hmmm, well still you have a good point. We can work for a while to pay for the funerals. I actually have a bit saved up.”“You do?” Karamatsu thought about it, “Oh from when you were working?”“Yeah I saved a bit, I gave it to mom for safekeeping.”Karamatsu wondered just how much he had saved, but it didn't really matter. They would be working for at least a little bit. That would be a great distraction. “We can give our money to mom as well then.” Karamatsu decided.“We can go to the Employment Agency when we are done here then.” Choromatsu replied.“Today?” Karamatsu thought about talking to the employment agents and gulped. He really wasn't in the mood, but it was his idea after all. “That's fine, it might take awhile to find a job after all.”“So here is my list.” Choromatsu frowned as he took out a cell phone and placed it in front of his brother.“I didn't know you had a phone.” Karamatsu remarked. “It's not even cardboard this time!”“Oh, I got it while I was working, just in case someone from work wanted to contact me…” Choromatsu looked like he had just bit into a lemon. “I guess in the end all it was good for was helping me kill myself.”Karamatsu couldn't look at Choromatsu when he sounded so sad, so instead he looked at his phone. There were only two things on his list, so Karamatsu read them aloud, “1. Go to a mixer. 2. Go to a Nyaa-Chan concert.”As suspected, Choromatsu’s list was far simpler. He really did just want to get this over with. Karamatsu said, “Well we can ask Totty about the mixer. We just have to be on our best behavior around him, I'm sure we could convince him. As for the Nyaa-chan concert, well you get the tickets and we can go.”“Okay.” Choromatsu took his phone back. He seemed to be in low spirits.“Hey, Choromatsu,” Karamatsu supposed he should try to cheer up his brother, but maybe he could get him to talk about his problems instead. “Do you think our brothers will miss us when we are gone?”Choromatsu looked up at his brother, “Do you want to be missed?”Karamatsu put a finger to his chin as he thought. Did he want everyone to miss him? Wouldn't that burden them further? He wanted the pain to stop with his death after all. But he didn't want to be forgotten either. It was a difficult question, “I'm not sure.”“Well Karamatsu,” Choromatsu sounded a tiny bit angry, “Don't do this because of what others might think. That's stupid. It's your life, you shouldn't throw it away because you think you'll make someone else feel bad.”Karamatsu felt like he was being lectured. That wasn't his intention however. “I just want the pain to stop….”“Huh?” Choromatsu asked.“Ah, I meant that's not what I care about, I was just curious. I'm know they will hardly notice my absence after all. I'm sure they'd miss you however.”Choromatsu pressed his lips together into a thin line, he almost looked like he was about to yell again. Instead he just looked away from Karamatsu and said, “Well like I said, I don't care what they think. Even if they miss me, even if my death causes them pain, that doesn't matter. Why does their pain outweigh the pain I have from continuing to live?”That kind of thinking sounded awfully twisted to Karamatsu, but he could follow the logic. That made him feel even worse. “What if you could be free of your pain?”Choromatsu glared at Karamatsu, “That sounds an awful lot like you asking me a question about why I want to die.”“Ah, sorry brother. I won’t ask anymore.” Karamatsu had failed in his mission of finding out more about his brother's reasons. He wasn’t about to give up, but perhaps he should stop pushing for now.“It's fine. Let's head to the Employment Office.” Choromatsu got up before Karamatsu could even reply.Sometimes it felt like Choromatsu was in a different world from Karamatsu. A world Karamatsu couldn't quite reach. He followed behind his younger brother, neither of them speaking. Instead Karamatsu was left with his own thoughts.All the words Choromatsu had said echoed in Karamatsu’s mind. Especially the part where he had said, “Why does their pain outweigh the pain I have from continuing to live?” Those were such painful words. Heavy words. Did he really believe that? It was selfish, but maybe suicide was inherently selfish. Karamatsu had never thought of it that way. Was he also being selfish?In all honesty he was trying to do the opposite. He wanted to lessen the pain his brothers felt from his existence. But was that really true? Wasn't he really just trying to escape from his own pain? Then the question he had asked Choromatsu earlier applied to him as well. “What if you could be free of your pain?”But that wasn't possible right?The two arrived at the Employment Agency. Karamatsu had been here a few times before of course. One time he had come with all his brothers, and then a few more when he had lived with Chibita. Every time had ended in failure. He wondered if it was even possible for someone like him to get a job. Surely if he begged enough, someone would hire him.Silently they both filled out their paperwork as they waited to be called. The office was full of people, some looking hopeful, some looking as downtrodden as Karamatsu felt. Nearly everyone was quiet however.Choromatsu was called up first. He stood, then grabbed a hold of Karamatsu’s wrist. “Eh?”“We are trying to get a job together right? So let's talk to the agent together.” Choromatsu stage whispered. Karamatsu nodded and followed his brother.They both sat in front of a rather bored looking man. He looked at the two of them, blinked slowly, and then blinked again. “Twins?”“Ah, you are not seeing double, we are in fact identical.” Karamatsu replied. Choromatsu rolled his eyes.The man looked at their resumes. “Well Matsuno San and Matsuno San, are you looking to get a job together then?”“Yes.” Choromatsu said. “We’ll take pretty much anything.”“Well, there is a temp job for two people, but that job is a bit dangerous.” The man yawned. “It's at a construction site. No experience necessary. You just have to be able to lift 40lbs. Do you boys think you can manage that?”“Yes!” Karamatsu said a bit too eagerly. Never before had things gone so smoothly for him.“Yes.” Choromatsu echoed less enthusiastically.“Well I'll pass on your resumes then. You'll receive a phone call tomorrow letting you know if you got the job or not.” The bored man waved the brothers away. 
Karamatsu could hardly contain his glee as they walked out of the building. “Brother! We did it, we got a job!” 
“It's amazing what you can accomplish when you have no standards.” Choromatsu frowned. “Besides it's not even a sure thing yet.”“Heh, but this is the closest I’ve ever been to being employed. It seems this shooting star is now burning it's brightest.” Karamatsu whipped out his sunglasses and placed them on his face.“Sure, whatever that means.” Choromatsu seemed exhausted. He wasn’t even mocking Karamatsu’s painful metaphors.“Would you like some oden? My treat.” Karamatsu offered.“Sure, why not.”It was already afternoon when the brothers arrived at Chibita’s Oden stand. He had just finished setting up, so the scent of fresh oden filled the air. Chibita grinned when he saw the two approach, “Hey, how's it going ya idjits?”Karamatsu swung his leg up and over the bench before sitting down. Choromatsu sat down next to him in a less dramatic manner. “Guess what happened today?”“What's that?” Chibita was already serving up bowls with his large ladle.“We have moved up a rank in society by becoming employed!” Karamatsu blurted out.Choromatsu elbowed him in the ribs, “Don't go telling everyone, it's a secret.”“A secret?” Karamatsu asked. It would have to be a secret, he realized. Otherwise their brothers would hound them with questions and requests for money. That's why Todomatsu had kept his job secret for so long. That was something Karamatsu didn't want to deal with. Especially after Osomatsu’s reaction to Choromatsu getting a job and moving out before. “Ah yes, a secret. You can not tell our brothers.”Chibita smiled and brought out some beers. “Well I'll keep it a secret. But this is cause for a celebration! Beer’s on me tonight boys!”Karamatsu picked up his beer and held it up to his brother, “Cheers!”Choromatsu picked his up as well and clicked it against the other. “Cheers.” 
The sun was already starting to set by the time the two brothers were done drinking and eating. Karamatsu had done far more of drinking than eating. He was hardly conscious as Choromatsu half dragged him home.
“Shittymatsu I can't believe you got drunk again. People will think I'm the older brother the way I'm always taking care of you.” Choromatsu grumbled as he pulled on Karamatsu’s arm.Karamatsu laughed. “You like taking care of me, you are like a mother!” Karamatsu stumbled and fell into Choromatsu, almost knocking him over.“Yeah right.” Choromatsu sighed as Karamatsu stumbled away from him and started aggressively flirting with a flower.“You are the flower of my life,” Karamatsu winked at the plant.“Will you stop being painful for five minutes so we can get home?” Choromatsu begged.“Don't ask for the impossible my dear brother.”


The two eventually made it back home, Choromatsu giving Karamatsu a piggyback ride for the last block or so. They entered the living room to find their other brothers engaged in an intense game of Go Fish. So intense they hardly noticed them until Jyushimatsu shouted, “Drunkmatsu has made his return!”
Everyone turned to see Choromatsu carrying Karamatsu. He dumped him onto the couch. “I guess we went a little overboard with the drinking.” Choromatsu laughed nervously and scratched the back of his head.“I thought Shittymatsu didn't like to drink.” Ichimatsu looked up from his cards at his drunken brother.“Well I guess he decided he liked it.” Choromatsu shrugged, “He was such a pain to try and get home.”Karamatsu laughed to himself watching Choromatsu anxiously hop around trying to explain the situation. That's when he remembered there was something he wanted to tell the eldest.“Heh, Osomatsu, c’mere I need to tell you something” Karamatsu slurred, trying to stay upright on the couch.Osomatsu placed down his cards, “Oh?”“Yeah, it's a secret about Choromatsu!” 



Chapter End Notes
A secret? What could it be? Find out in the next thrilling chapter of The Heaviness of a Heart!!!!


Failure
Chapter Summary
Failure Failure Failure Failure
Chapter Notes
Failure Failure Failure Failure

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Osomatsu looked at Karamatsu with curiosity, “A secret about Choromatsu?”As he made his way over to his Karamatsu, Choromatsu was frantically crossing his arms in an X, trying to get Karamatsu to stop talking. Jyushimatsu and Ichimatsu noticed and quickly restrained him, devious smiles on their faces.“Are you prepared to hear this most ultimate of secrets?” Karamatsu whipped out his sunglasses and attempted to place them on his face. Except he slightly missed, only getting them on one ear so they hung lopsided on his face. Despite that, he smiled, “Heh.”“Karamatsu, don't!” Choromatsu cried out.“Okay, what’s this secret?” Osomatsu asked.“Choromatsu, he is secretly….”   A tense silence filled the room. “A frog.” Karamatsu finished with a laugh.Osomatsu started to laugh as well, scratching his nose. “You’re right! He totally is!”“Froggymatsu! Ribbit ribbit!” Jyushimatsu shouted, letting Choromatsu go.Choromatsu pointed at Karamatsu angrily, “What are you talking about Shittymatsu, I'm not a frog!”Ichimatsu glanced at Choromatsu, “Froggymatsu, you should calm down. Or do you need some flies to eat?”Todomatsu, who had been less than subtly looking at his brother’s playing cards now that they were distracted, piped up, “Oh, is that why he likes to wear green?”Jyushimatsu started hopping around the room like a frog would, cheerfully making ribbiting noises. Choromatsu sighed, “Yeah sure, I'm a frog now.”Ichimatsu smiled slightly, “Watch out, a princess might try to kiss you now.”Choromatsu tilted his head, “Does that mean I'm secretly a prince too?”Karamatsu smiled from the couch. His rather silly attempt to cheer up Choromatsu had worked. Choromatsu was actually smiling now. He hadn't really smiled in days, so it was nice to see. If only things could be like this all the time. Maybe they could be? Was that a possibility?Karamatsu tried to imagine a future where he wasn't there. Where he was already gone. Would his brothers still be able to laugh like this? Surely they would. He never really felt like he belonged anyway. He was just an extra, unneeded brother. That was the truth right? That's why he was so often ignored, right? But he wasn't being ignored tonight, nor this morning either. Huh.Karamatsu removed his eschew sunglasses and put them back in his pocket. He was starting to feel a bit more sober now. He hated that. When he was sober all kinds of terrible thoughts occurred to him. It was so mentally draining.Karamatsu suddenly felt very tired. He hadn't slept very well the night before, after all. He stood up too quickly from the couch and lost his balance. Osomatsu, who was still standing nearby managed to reach out and catch him. “Watch out Drunkmatsu. You don't want to fall and get hurt.”“Thank you my brother.” Karamatsu tried to take another step forward, but stumbled again.Osomatsu grinned at him, “Hey, let me help you upstairs, you need your beauty sleep after all.”“Yes, I need to be beautiful for my Karamatsu Girls.” Karamatsu agreed.Osomatsu put his arm around Karamatsu’s shoulder and guided him towards the stairs. Osomatsu took a glance back, “Oi, Todomatsu stop cheating.”Todomatsu, who had started to put cards in his pocket, put on a sweet expression. “Me? Cheat? Never.”Osomatsu laughed as the two headed towards the stairs. Slowly they began to climb the steps since Karamatsu was having trouble finding his footing.“Hey, Karamatsu?” Osomatsu asked once they were about halfway up.“Yes?”“Are you okay?” Osomatsu helped Karamatsu up the next step.“I'm fine, just drank a bit too much.” Karamatsu smiled at his brother.“No, like, I mean in general. Are you happy?” Osomatsu and Karamatsu climbed up the last step.Karamatsu paused for a moment. He wasn't happy. He couldn't remember the last time he was happy. Maybe he had been when they were all children and had no sense of self. They hadn't been individuals then. They had been a group. All the same, no differences in personality. The day Karamatsu realized he was actually alone, a single person, well that was probably the day his happiness stopped.He had searched for it, of course. He had tried to find happiness. He had developed this persona because of that right? But even that was painful. He couldn't be happy. He was a failure. “I'm as happy as I've ever been.” Karamatsu replied.The two walked into their bedroom. “That's good. Ichimatsu said, well it doesn't matter what he said. As long as you are happy.” Osomatsu sat Karamatsu down as he pulled out their futon. “If you aren't you can always let me know.”“Of course.” Karamatsu replied.“Okay get in your pajamas and get some sleep.” Osomatsu ruffled Karamatsu’s hair as he walked past. “I'll see you in the morning.”Karamatsu changed and got into bed. He thought back on what Osomatsu had said. He had mentioned Ichimatsu telling him something. What could that have been? Did it really matter? None of his brothers really cared about him. Maybe they pretended to sometimes, but Karamatsu knew that was all a lie. He was unlovable.Karamatsu felt an aching emptiness inside him. Yes, this was how it always was. He was alone, a failure, hardly even a person. He didn't deserve to exist. Not like Choromatsu. Choromatsu deserved so much better than a failure brother like Karamatsu.Somehow, probably due to sheer exhaustion, Karamatsu fell into sleep. He didn't often have dreams, or maybe he just didn't remember them. Never before had he realized that he was in a dream. That's what made his current situation so odd. He knew he was dreaming. Why else would he suddenly be in the living room?Osomatsu, Ichimatsu, Jyushimatsu, and Todomatsu all sat around the living room table in silence. They weren't even moving. All their colors were muted as well, there were no bright colors at all. Karamatsu stood in the doorway, unsure of what to do. “Hey, brothers?” He asked.Simultaneously all four turned to look at Karamatsu. Karamatsu jumped back a bit at the sight. They all had completely white eyes. It was like they weren't there at all.Karamatsu reminded himself that it was just a dream and nothing here could hurt him. “Where is Choromatsu?”All four raised their arms and pointed at a spot next to Karamatsu. He turned to look, and nearly screamed. There stood Choromatsu, his skin completely white, with a noose tied around his neck.“Cho-Choromatsu?” Karamatsu asked, stepping back. Choromatsu's eyes were just as blank as the other's.“Karamatsu.” Choromatsu spoke, his voice reverberating around the room. “You lied to me.”“What? No I didn't?”Choromatsu got closer to Karamatsu, “Yes you did. You never intended to kill yourself with me. You liar!”The other brothers started chanting now, “Liar, liar, liar, liar.”“I didn't mean to hurt you, I didn't want you to die, please forgive me.” Karamatsu kept backing away, but he hit the wall behind him. Choromatsu inched closer and closer. Karamatsu had no escape.“You can't beg for forgiveness now. I'm already dead. You couldn't even save me. You failure.” Choromatsu placed his cold hands around Karamatsu’s neck. “But, you know what?”“Huh?”Choromatsu let Karamatsu go. “You don't get to die. You have to live the rest of your life knowing what a miserable failure you are.”The others began to chant, “Failure, failure, failure, failure,” now. 

Karamatsu fell to his knees, covering his ears. “This is just a dream, this is just a dream.” He closed his eyes tightly. When he opened them he saw the ceiling of his bedroom. He felt like he could hardly breathe. He sat up quickly, clutching at his chest in an attempt to get air into his lungs. Eventually he was able to get a gulp of air. His mind began to clear. That's when the thought struck him. Choromatsu! Where was he?Karamatsu was in a blind panic. Choromatsu? He wasn't in bed? Was he gone? Did he really kill himself? Karamatsu felt like he couldn't breathe again. He tried to frantically gasp for air.“Karamatsu?” A low voice asked.Karamatsu looked over. It was Choromatsu! He had been there the whole time. How could Karamatsu have missed him? Karamatsu felt tears welling up in his eyes, he couldn't even speak.“Hey? What's wrong?” Choromatsu’s eyes were wide as he stared at his older brother.“I, I, I thought…” Karamatsu still couldn't form any coherent thoughts.“Shhh, hey, let's go downstairs.” Choromatsu wrangled himself from the sheets and helped Karamatsu up as well.Choromatsu sat Karamatsu down in the living room. “Wait a second, I'll get you a glass of water. Just try to calm down okay?”Karamatsu looked around the room while Choromatsu was gone. This is where that nightmare had taken place. He could still hear the voices of his brothers in his head. They repeated that phrase over and over again. “Failure, failure, failure, failure.”Choromatsu placed a glass in front of Karamatsu. “Did you have a bad dream?”Karamatsu nodded as he took a sip of water.“Do you want to talk about it?” Choromatsu settled down next to him.Karamatsu couldn't look at him. How could he tell his brother about that dream? If he did everything would be ruined. If Choromatsu learned of Karamatsu’s lie, he really would go off and die on his own. Karamatsu gripped the front of his pajama top. He couldn't fail. This was just too important. Even if he had failed at everything else in his life, he could not fail at this.But he couldn't tell Choromatsu anything could he? How was he supposed to save him anyway? He had to say something, Choromatsu kept looking at him with worry in his eyes. “I, I can't talk about it.”He could still hear those voices ringing in his ears. Would they ever stop? Karamatsu leaned forward grasping so tightly on his shirt he was afraid he'd tear it. He couldn't take this pain anymore. He couldn't take being a failure anymore. “I just want to die. I want to die so badly.”Karamatsu could feel hot tears stinging his eyes. He was such a burden. He was supposed to be saving Choromatsu, but how could he when he was like this?Karamatsu felt a hand rubbing his back, “I know. It'll be okay.” Choromatsu said.“No it won’t. I'm such a failure.” Karamatsu covered his face with his hands.Choromatsu put his arms around Karamatsu and pulled him tightly against his chest. Karamatsu couldn't help but to let out a small sob. How long had it been since he had last been hugged? Choromatsu felt so warm. “Is that how you really feel?” Choromatsu asked.“Yes. It's the truth. In more ways than you could ever know.” Karamatsu uttered into Choromatsu’s shirt. He leaned his head against his younger brother’s chest so he could hear his heartbeat. It was reassuring to know he was really still alive.“I don't think you're a failure.” Choromatsu replied.“Heh, is that so?” Karamatsu couldn't say anything else. What could he say? He knew he was a failure, Choromatsu still wanting to kill himself was proof of that.“Anyway.” Choromatsu let his brother go. “We can't die yet, right? Don't you want to finish your bucket list? You were so excited about that job yesterday.”Karamatsu was excited. Even if it felt slightly silly to be excited to get a job to pay for your own funeral. He took another sip of water and composed himself. “Ah, yes. Our job! Aren't you excited as well to hear if we got it or not?”“Hmm, I guess so. It does sound like hard work though.” Choromatsu pouted.“Heh, life is hard work.” Karamatsu smiled.“Ah! Painful!” Choromatsu laughed.“As always.”“Let's get back to bed.” Choromatsu yawned.Karamatsu yawned as well. He idly wondered if he’d ever get another good night of sleep. Karamatsu went to stand up, but Choromatsu grabbed his arm. “Wait.”“Hmm?”“Don't forget about our promise. We are in this together.” Choromatsu pulled his phone out of his pocket. “If you ever feel really bad when I'm not around just give me a call, okay?”“Of course.” Karamatsu added Choromatsu to his contacts, then followed his brother back upstairs.His heart felt unbearably heavy again. Was Choromatsu afraid of the same thing as Karamatsu? Of one brother dying without the other? That promise Karamatsu had made was to protect Choromatsu, but now it just served to make him feel guilty. It hurt so much.











Chapter End Notes
*squints at my tags* Angst and Humor? Who writes that? Wouldn't that be incredibly jarring to the reader?oh wait i d o thatThis chapter was inspired by the song Failure Girl! It's a really good song I suggest you check out the English cover of it by Oktavia von Seckendorff.Edit: I redrew the artwork for this chapter. Here is the original artwork  


A Phone Call
Chapter Summary
Karamatsu gets a phone call. Karamatsu and Choromatsu try to convince Todomatsu to take them to a mixer.
Chapter Notes
I feel like Karamatsu would use a lot of emojis. Like all over the place. But I can't actually use them because Ao3 won't let me. *shrugs*Imagine all the emoji Karamatsu is using. IMAGINE.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




The living room was pretty busy that afternoon. A game show was on, and Osomatsu and Jyushimatsu seemed awfully invested in it.“No way are they gonna get this question right!” Osomatsu snickered.“Oh, oh, but they’ll lose all their points if they get it wrong!” Jyushimatsu waved his arms around.Karamatsu was looking at himself in his mirror instead of watching the show, but he still enjoyed hearing the commentary. That's when he heard a ringing noise. From his pocket? Oh his phone! But he never got phone calls.Karamatsu took out his phone. He didn't recognize the number. It must be about the job! He stood up and quickly made his way towards the door as he accepted the call.“Hello?”“Is this Matsuno San?” The voice on the line was deep and scratchy.“Yes, this is Matsuno Karamatsu.” Karamatsu slipped on his shoes and headed out the door. He didn't want his brothers to hear this call.“Okay. I am Fujimoto Yuichi. I am the boss here at Fujimoto Construction. You applied for the temp job here with your brother correct?” The man on the phone asked.“Yes, Fujimoto-san.” Karamatsu replied, trying his best to sound professional.“I have a couple questions for you. First of all, this job is no walk in the park. It's real labor intensive. You okay with that?” Yuichi asked.“That's fine.” Any job would be fine for Karamatsu. He didn't mind physical labor.“Okay, good. And this job is only for two weeks, but the pay is good, that alright with you?”“Sure thing boss.” Karamatsu replied.“Calling me boss already?” Yuichi gave a hearty laugh. “I like you, kid. So can you start tomorrow at nine?”Karamatsu spent a few more minutes talking with Yuichi, getting all the details of his job. He almost couldn't believe it was really happening! He really had a job! Even if it was only for two weeks. Now he would have loads more time to figure out a way to stop Choromatsu.“See you tomorrow boss.” Karamatsu said, hanging up the phone. He had ended up walking quite a ways down the street while he was talking, he was near the fishing pond. The pond was nearly empty, only a fewer older men loitered about. It would be the perfect spot to talk to Choromatsu.Karamatsu took out his phone. He should tell Choromatsu about the job. He texted him, “Froggymatsu, I have news, meet me @ the fishing pond 8)"Was that enough emojis? He had never texted someone before so he didn't know the protocol. His phone buzzed in his hand as he entered the pond. “Shittymatsu stop with the emojis.” Choromatsu replied.“I can't stop. Help me Froggymatsu. My fingers just keep hitting the keys. Pray for me.”  Karamatsu laughed thinking of how angry Choromatsu must be getting. After he picked out a fishing pole and sat down, he sent another text, "How many emoji can I fit in one text? Shall we find out? ;)"“Delete my number” Choromatsu’s reply came quickly.Karamatsu laughed at his brother’s message.“Hey don't laugh at me!” A voice came from behind Karamatsu.Karamatsu nearly fell in the pond, he had not seen nor heard his brother approach and had been scared witless. “Ah, brother, did you not enjoy my text messages?”“I regret giving you my number!” Choromatsu yelled. “So why did you call me out here?”Karamatsu had been having so much fun teasing his brother he had almost forgot. “We got the job! We start tomorrow at nine. Is that not the most amazing news?” Karamatsu cast his fishing line out into the water without any bait. He didn't need any. The fish could surely feel his love, and that's all he needed.“It's good news, I guess.” Choromatsu actually attached bait before casting out his line.Karamatsu relayed the details of the job Yuichi had told him over the phone. It still hardly felt real to him yet. He guessed it would feel very real once tomorrow came.Karamatsu watched all the fish actively avoid his bobber. His love was probably too intense for them. Someday he would catch one though, he just knew it. He snapped his fingers. That should’ve been on his bucket list! Catching a fish without bait! Well Choromatsu would’ve shot that idea down for sure.“Oh yeah, there was something I wanted to talk with you about.” Choromatsu spoke, distracting Karamatsu from his fishy thoughts.“What's that brother? Are you also trying to catch a fish with only the power of your love?” Karamatsu reeled in his line just to immediately cast it back out again.“What are you talking about? Should I start calling you Fishymatsu?” Choromatsu groaned. “You didn't take long to return to your painful ways.”“Brother, I am-” Karamatsu kicked one leg high up in the air before crossing it over the other- “the living embodiment of painful.”Choromatsu couldn't help himself. He started to laugh. “Of course you are! You are the God of painful lines!” Choromatsu doubled over, holding onto his side laughing.He eventually calmed down, “You are real distracting Karamatsu. I almost forgot what I was going to say.” Choromatsu paused and looked around to ensure no one was listening in to their conversation. “I feel like I need to apologize.”“Apologize? For what?” Karamatsu looked towards his brother.“All this time I haven't been taking you very seriously. You always act so silly and dramatic. I really didn't think that you actually wanted to die.” Choromatsu cast his eyes downward. “I feel like I got a glimpse of the real you last night. I'm sorry I didn't believe you.”“Oh.” Karamatsu looked down as well. He hadn't meant for Choromatsu to see that side of him. He didn't want his feelings to become a burden to Choromatsu. Karamatsu had been trying to act as cheerful as possible to make up for his error, but it didn't seem Choromatsu would forget so easily.“So, when it's just the two of us, you don't have to always put on that persona. You can just be you.” Choromatsu finished speaking.Karamatsu stayed silent. That persona of his, that dramatic way of speaking and his silly mannerisms. He felt like that's all he had. There was nothing underneath that. He had no real personality. He was empty inside, like a bubble. Karamatsu was nothing. That's why he had clung so tightly to it for so long. He had become his persona. He didn't know how to act without it."You look troubled Karamatsu.” Karamatsu looked up to see Choromatsu frowning at him.“Ah, mistake.” Karamatsu mumbled. He was making things worse again. Choromatsu had lost his smile again. Why couldn't Karamatsu do anything right?“A mistake?” Choromatsu asked.Karamatsu laughed nervously.  “Ah, I mean, I accept your apology. I will try to be myself around you more.” Not that he had a “self.”Choromatsu scratched the back of his head. “Well don't push yourself too hard either. I didn't mean to stress you out. I just want you to be comfortable around me. We are in this together, after all.”“Of course. Brothers in arms.” Karamatsu tried to smile at Choromatsu to reassure him. He had to make things okay, he had to be a more reliable older brother.Choromatsu gave him a small smile back, but it didn't quite reach his eyes. Karamatsu really couldn't do anything right. It was late afternoon when the two started to walk back home. “I can't believe we didn't catch anything.” Choromatsu grumbled.“Surely the power of my love was too strong for the fish.”“I don't think that was the problem…”Karamatsu remembered something and spoke, “Speaking of love, we should talk to Totty about the mixer when we get home.”“Oh yeah, I almost forgot about that. I doubt he'll let us go to one.” Choromatsu said.“You must not give up hope so easily. We can do this!”They reached their house. Karamatsu sauntered in first. He threw open the sliding door to the living room. “Totty!”Everyone was gathered in there watching a TV program. Todomatsu, who had been looking intently at his phone looked up at Karamatsu for a moment, then went back to looking at his phone.“Ugh. Todomatsu, can we speak with you for a moment?” Choromatsu said over Karamatsu’s shoulder.“What? I'm a bit busy right now.” Todomatsu didn't even look up from his phone.“Please?” Choromatsu begged.“Fine.” Todomatsu got up and followed his older brothers upstairs.“Totty!” Karamatsu cried, falling to his knees in front of the youngest sibling. “Totty! Please take us to a mixer.”“Not this again. I can't do that. It would be bad for everyone.” Todomatsu frowned.“We promise to be good, right Choromatsu?” Karamatsu looked towards his other brother, trying to get him to help.“Yes,” Choromatsu said, “I won't let my ego get the best of me and Karamatsu won’t say anything painful.”Todomatsu tapped his finger against his chin. “I do need two more males for the mixer this Friday, but…”“Totty!” Karamatsu cried out again. “Our shining star of hope. Please take us with you!”“Please Todomatsu. We’ll be really well behaved.” Choromatsu added on.“I thought you didn't want to go to a mixer? Something about finding love naturally?” Todomatsu looked at Choromatsu slyly.“I, uh, just think it might be fun?” Choromatsu gulped.“I just wish to see all my Karamatsu Girls.”Choromatsu smacked Karamatsu in the back of his head. “Karamatsu please.”Karamatsu composed himself, “I believe it would be a fun evening out.”Todomatsu pondered for a bit. “If you guys promise to behave yourselves, and don't tell the others. I don't want what happened last time to happen again.”“Totty!” Karamatsu jumped up and hugged Todomatsu.“Okay, calm down.” Todomatsu untangled himself from Karamatsu’s arms.“We promise.” Choromatsu said.“Yes we promise.” Karamatsu echoed.“Fine, just please, please don't embarrass me or yourselves.” Todomatsu started texting on his phone again. “It's this Friday at 8pm. Make sure to dress nicely. No shirts with your face on them Karamatsu.” Everyone spent a nice evening together watching a show on TV. Karamatsu felt happy. So many things seemed to be going right lately. He got a job. He was going to a mixer. Everything really had turned around for him. Strange how this all happened because he decided to die.The sextuplets headed to bed together once it got late. Karamatsu took his normal place in bed. He heard silence fall around him as all his brothers fell asleep. He stayed awake, staring at the ceiling again.He wanted to sleep. He knew he had to get up early for work in the morning. But he still couldn’t get his eyes to close. Was this insomnia? Or perhaps it was just the fear of having another nightmare. Thoughts buzzed around Karamatu’s head like flies. Once again he hated that he had to be alone with his thoughts. If only he could just not think for awhile. If only he could numb this painful sensation he kept feeling around his heart.Karamatsu sighed and got up. Clearly sleep was not meant for him. Karamatsu wandered into the kitchen and opened the fridge. There were more beers again, Osomatsu must’ve bought them. Surely he wouldn't mind if Karamatsu had a few.Karamatsu opened a can and quickly downed it. He took out another one and started sipping on that one as well. He felt a bit uneasy. Was he perhaps drinking too often? Well it didn't matter. He’d be dead soon. He just needed to get some sleep without any unnecessary thoughts keeping him awake again.Sleep. Karamatsu thought of something. Didn't his mother have some problems with insomnia? She had sleeping pills right? Karamatsu took his beer and headed towards the bathroom.Karamatsu opened up the medicine cabinet. There were a few bottles of medicine in there, along with a prescription bottle. There it was. He could just take one of those pills and then he could sleep.A dangerous thought entered Karamatsu’s head as he reached for the bottle. He could just take the whole bottle and sleep forever. That sounded nice. If he could just sleep and never wake up ever again. Then he wouldn't burden anyone again. He wouldn't be painful anymore. Everyone would be happy. Karamatsu’s hand began to tremble as he slowly inched closer to the bottle. It would be so easy. Too easy almost.Choromatsu’s face suddenly came to his mind. Karamatsu pulled his hand back. He couldn't do that. He still had things he had to do. He had a promise to keep after all.Karamatsu closed the medicine cabinet, his whole body trembling slightly. He had almost done something really stupid. He looked at himself in the mirror, but what he saw startled him. There was a reflection of someone else in the mirror as well.A voice came from behind him. “Karamatsu.” 



Chapter End Notes
I named the construction worker boss after Karamatsu's voice actor, Yuichi Nakamura.


Allergic to People
Chapter Summary
Karamatsu and Choromatsu go to work
Chapter Notes
Ah, thank you so much for almost 100 kudos and 700+ views! I love you all and all your comments! <3 <3 <3

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




“Ichimatsu!” Karamatsu spun around to see his brother standing in the doorway to the bathroom.“What exactly are you doing?” Ichimatsu looked him up and down, his eyes lingering on the beer Karamatsu still held in his hand.Karamatsu began to sweat. This was the second time Ichimatsu had caught him drinking and doing something suspicious in the middle of the night. Karamatsu gulped, trying to think up an excuse. “I was just looking for some aspirin. I have a headache.”“Well maybe,” Ichimatsu walked towards Karamatsu, standing mere inches away from him. “You wouldn't get headaches if you stopped drinking so much.”Karamatsu let out a nervous laugh, “We all drink a lot.”“We don't all drink by ourselves secretly in the middle of the night. That's only you.” Ichimatsu crossed his arms.“It's nothing, I just couldn't sleep.”“Bullshit!” Ichimatsu pounded his hand on the sink counter, startling Karamatsu. “What's going on? Is this some kinda cry for help? What, do you want attention? Well you have my attention now, so what is it?”“No...nothing.” Karamatsu stuttered. The last thing he wanted was attention right now. He would prefer to be ignored like usual.“Then why are you doing this? You must have some reason.” Ichimatsu bared his teeth and got right up in Karamatsu’s face. Karamatsu was half afraid he would punch him, and put his hands up in defense.“I'm just...tired. I'm sorry I won't do it again.” Or at least, he wouldn't get caught again.“Well if you are so tired just go back to bed.” Ichimatsu turned around and marched out of the bathroom.Karamatsu took a deep breath. He felt so guilty. He was making Ichimatsu angry, why did he have to be such a burden to everyone around him? Why couldn't he keep himself together? He was such a mess. Karamatsu downed the rest of the beer and headed back to bed.Karamatsu took his place back in bed. His mind felt slightly fuzzy. It was enough to distract him from his thoughts. He started to fall asleep when he suddenly heard a soft sobbing noise.“Huh?” Karamatsu sat up and looking around. It sounded like someone had been crying. None of his brothers seemed to be awake. It must’ve been his imagination. Karamatsu settled back down to sleep. “Karamatsu, wake up.” Choromatsu was shaking Karamatsu’s shoulder.“Five more minutes.” Karamatsu grumbled.“What? Are you a little kid? Get up!”Karamatsu sat up, rubbing his eyes. He had almost forgotten about the job. He had to get up and ready. He felt like a real adult.The two brothers went downstairs quietly. They went into the kitchen where Matsuyo was already cooking something. She turned around from the stove when she heard them enter. “Hmm? Why are my precious NEETs up so early?”“We should tell her about the job,” Choromatsu whispered to Karamatsu.“Ah, mommy. We have most wonderful news for you. Choromatsu and I are employed starting today!”“What?” Matsuyo clapped her hands together. “That's fantastic. What will you be doing?”“We will be the stars of the construction field,” Karamatsu bowed like he was on stage.“Oh, but isn't that dangerous?” She looked a bit worried.“We’ll be careful.” Choromatsu replied.“Okay.” She smiled. “I'll make you two a hearty breakfast and some bentos. Oh this is so wonderful.”Karamatsu smiled at his mom. She genuinely looked thrilled.“Oh, can you help save our money?” Choromatsu spoke up. “And please don't tell the others about this.”“Oh? Don't want them gambling your money away? Of course. Now go wait in the living room I'll bring you your food.” Matsuyo went back to cooking.Karamatsu and Choromatsu were served a delicious breakfast of rice, fried eggs, and sausages. Karamatsu ate as much as possible, but Choromatsu just pushed his food around with his chopsticks. Karamatsu spoke up, “My brother, you have to eat! We will be working today, you need to have your energy up.”Choromatsu sighed and took a few bites of rice. After they finished eating and saying goodbye to their mother, Karamatsu and Choromatsu left the house. Karamatsu took in a deep breath of the fresh morning air, and started walking forward.Choromatsu paused however. “Actually, let’s not do this. I’m going back to bed.”Choromatsu turned around, but Karamatsu grabbed the back of his hoodie. “Nope. My dear brother, we are going to be working men today. Our skin will gleam with sweat, our bodies will be exhausted, and we will truly know the meaning of a hard day’s work. Now let’s go.”“Noooooooo,” Choromatsu yelled as Karamatsu tried to pull him along.“Choromatsu, what’s wrong? I thought we were in this together?”“I can’t do this! I’ll die!” Choromatsu tried to run away but since Karamatsu was still holding onto him, he didn’t get very far.“Yes, we are going to die. But not today! Let’s go!” Karamatsu declared.“Nope, nope, I can’t.” Choromatsu whined.Karamatsu spun Choromatsu around. “Brother. Calm down. Tell me what the problem is.”Choromatsu covered his face with his hands. “I can’t do this. I’ve never worked construction before, I don’t know how. I only ever worked in an office before! I mean what if I mess up? What if I do a bad job? And there will be so many people there and I won’t know any of them and they’ll all laugh at me!” Choromatsu started to breath heavily. “So let’s not even try! Can’t fail if you don’t try. Aahahaha.”Karamatsu put his hands on Choromatsu’s shoulders. “Listen. We will be dead soon right? So who cares what other people think!” Karamatsu hated using that as motivation, but if it worked, it worked. “Forget your fears for now. Let's at least try. If you feel like you really can't do it, we’ll quit, okay?”“Am I really getting a motivational speech from Karamatsu?” Choromatsu looked down to the ground as he talked to himself. “I guess I'll try.”Karamatsu smiled and let Choromatsu go. “Okay then, let us go then brother, to the wonderful world of employment!”The construction site wasn't too far from their house. The site was fenced off, with signs reading “Fujimoto Construction.” Karamatsu saw an opening in the fence and noticed a rather large man standing there. He had a orange helmet on his head and his face underneath was very angular with narrow eyes. He was reading a newspaper, but when he saw Karamatsu and Choromatsu approaching he broke into a smile.“The Matsuno twins!” He yelled in his rough voice. Choromatsu jumped and hid behind Karamatsu. “Wow, you boys really are identical.”“Heh, we are like two peas in a pod.” Karamatsu laughed. “I am Karamatsu, and this is my younger brother Choromatsu.”“Nice to finally meet you. I am Fujimoto Yuichi. Welcome to the company.”Karamatsu bowed to him. “Thank you for hiring us.”“C’mon let's go into my office. You boys just have to sign a couple things, and you'll be ready for work. Then I can tell you about what you'll be doing today.” Yuichi marched forward towards a trailer he was using as an office. Karamatsu followed with Choromatsu behind him, gripping onto his arm. Karamatsu felt like a real older brother, like someone his (slightly) younger sibling could really rely on. It was a nice feeling, a warm feeling.Yuichi sat them down at a desk and had them sign some papers. As soon as they were done he explained to them about the job. “So you two will basically be helping out the other workers. Carrying things for them, helping dig, things like that. Nothing too complicated. We are on a tight schedule and we need to get this restaurant finished in two weeks. That's why I hired you two to help, so no slacking off, ya’hear?”“We will do only the best work, boss,” Karamatsu grinned.“Yes sir,” Choromatsu’s voice was barely audible.“And before I forget, there is one very important rule. When you are on the work site, you must always wear your hard hat. If I see you take it off for even a second, you are fired, ya get me?” Yuichi looked deadly serious, “I will have no injuries on my work site.”The two boys nodded. “Alright, so there is a changing room over there. I have two jumpsuits here that look about you boys size. One is blue and one is green, who wants which?”Karamatsu immediately cried out, “I will take the blue, like the rushing ocean wave that I am.”Choromatsu let out another barely audible, “Of course,” before he took the green one for himself.“Alright boys, go ahead and get changed, and meet me by the building, I'll instruct you from there.” Yuichi gave them both a grin and a thumbs up.Karamatsu and Choromatsu got changed, and put their belongings in two empty lockers. Choromatsu changed slowly, his face an ever deepening frown.“Cheer up Choromatsu. We can do this.” Karamatsu gave him a wink.“I'll try, Karamatsu nii-san…” Choromatsu followed his brother out of the changing room.Yuichi was standing near the still in construction building. He smiled as he held two shovels. “Good to see ya remembered your safety helmets! So today I need you boys to dig out this pathway so we can put the sidewalk in.”“I will dig like I am making my way to the center of the world!” Karamatsu declared.Yuichi laughed, “You don't have to dig that deep son. Just a few inches down. Alright, got it? Just follow the path that's marked out. The extra dirt you can load up into this wheelbarrow, and cart over to that truck when it's full. Lunch is at noon. Lemme know if you finish early and I'll find something else for you to do.”Yuichi waved at the two as he walked away to help some of his other workers. “See Choromatsu, this won’t be too hard.” Karamatsu smiled at him.“Yeah, maybe.” Choromatsu picked up his shovel. “Alright, let's do this.”They spent the morning shoveling out dirt and then carting that dirt away. It was hard work, and Karamatsu could feel his muscles already starting to ache from overuse. Still it was a bit fun to be out in the sun working. Karamatsu didn't have much time to talk to his brother, but he didn't really mind. He just kept at his work, and before he knew it Yuichi was calling for a lunch break.Karamatsu and Choromatsu washed up and joined the other workers at some picnic tables that had been lined up. Karamatsu opened up his lunch, it was rice and fried chicken. It smelled divine. His stomach growled at him, so he dove right in.“Hey, you are the new temp worker right?” A voice came from Karamatsu’s left. “I'm Yamamoto Hiroshi.”Karamatsu looked over to him. He was a young man about the same age as Karamatsu. “Ah, yes we are. I'm Matsuno Karamatsu, and this is my brother Choromatsu.”Hiroshi did a double take, “Yuichi-san said you were identical, but wow! You guys are like carbon copies of each other.”“Heh, we are nothing alike though, right Choromatsu?” Karamatsu elbowed his brother.“N, no.” Choromatsu kept picking at his own lunch, not really eating it.Hiroshi laughed, “I can see that.”Hiroshi bombarded Karamatsu with all the usual questions about twins. (Even if they were actually sextuplets, Karamatsu wasn't about to get into that.) Did they ever switch places in school, did their parents ever confuse them, things like that. Karamatsu had probably answered questions like that a thousand times in his life, but he really didn't mind. It was nice to have a conversation with his coworker. He was however, very worried about how quiet Choromatsu was being.After lunch they got back to work. All of Karamatsu’s muscles were screaming in agony now. He had never worked so hard in his life before, that was for sure.Eventually they finished up. Karamatsu looked back at the long path he had created. He had actually accomplished something today, something tangible and real. Karamatsu felt something akin to pride.“Great work today boys.” Yuichi patted them on the back. He handed them two envelopes. “Here is your pay for today. See you tomorrow morning.”Karamatsu held the envelope in his hand. He was being paid, and he actually felt like he deserved it, unlike all the money he normally got from his parents.They went into the changing room. Hiroshi was in there already. “Ah, Kara-san! Do you and your brother want to go out for drinks with some of the other guys?”Karamatsu smiled at the nickname, but he shook his head no. Choromatsu looked exhausted, Karamatsu didn't want to push him any further today. “Maybe next time Hiroshi-san!”After they got changed, Karamatsu looked at his exhausted brother and said, “Hey, do you want to go to the bathhouse?”Choromatsu merely nodded.The walk to the bathhouse wasn't too far, and was spent mostly in silence. Choromatsu didn't seem like he wanted to talk much, and Karamatsu was too tired. Once they arrived Karamatsu rinsed off, and then silently got into the nice hot water next to Choromatsu. He closed his eyes, and let the heat soak into his sore muscles. It was so relaxing, he felt like he could fall asleep right there.“Hey, Karamatsu?” Choromatsu said.Karamatsu opened one eye and looked at him, “What is it?”“It's not important actually…” Choromatsu trailed off.“If you think about, nothing is ever important. But I am still willing to listen.”Choromatsu chuckled to himself. “That's true. I guess I never told you much about my old job before.” Choromatsu paused for a moment. “I never really wanted to talk about it.”“Did you not like it brother? Is that why you quit?” Karamatsu asked.“Well when Osomatsu came looking for me, I guess I just used that as an excuse to quit. You're right, I didn't like it there. I didn't have any friends and I kept making mistakes. Actually, if I didn't quit that day, I'm sure I was going to be fired.” Choromatsu frowned.“Oh, what makes you believe that?” Karamatsu opened both his eyes now, feeling much more awake.“The boss wanted to talk with me. I had made a really big mistake the week before. It was really bad. I got yelled at a bunch.” Choromatsu almost looked as if he could cry. “I didn't want to be there anymore. Everyone hated me...I was so useless…”Karamatsu didn't like hearing his brother call himself useless. “Everyone makes mistakes, I'm sure you would’ve been forgiven.”“Yeah, but do I really deserve it? I'm just a waste a space. I wanted so badly to get a job and move on with my life, but at the first excuse here I am back with you guys again. Just a useless NEET.” Choromatsu sighed deeply.“That's not true, at least you tried, right?” Karamatsu comforted him. “You could still do it someday.”“No I can't…” Choromatsu had tears in the corners of his eyes. Karamatsu felt paralyzed. He didn't know what to do. Anything he said just seemed to make it worse. He just gently patted his brother on the shoulder as Choromatsu rubbed at his eyes, trying to stop himself from crying.Choromatsu eventually calmed down and looked towards Karamatsu with slightly red puffy eyes. Karamatsu didn't know what else to do so he just said, “Come on, let's get back home.” They both got out of the tub. Karamatsu berated himself as he got changed back into his clothes. He didn't know how to comfort Choromatsu. He didn't know how to fix his problems. He was the real useless one. The house was empty when they arrived back. It was strange to see it this quiet. Normally everyone would be gathered around the TV at this time. Perhaps they had gone out somewhere together? It didn't matter. Karamatsu collapsed onto the couch, and Choromatsu followed suit next to him.“I'm so tired,” Choromatsu yawned.“Me too.” Karamatsu turned on the TV. Some show about aliens was on. It wasn't very exciting. Karamatsu tried to pay attention, but he could hardly keep his eyes open.A sudden weight was on Karamatsu’s shoulder. He looked over and saw that Choromatsu had fallen asleep against him. Karamatsu smiled at his younger brother. Choromatsu must’ve been truly exhausted. Karamatsu put his arm around him so he wouldn't fall over in his sleep.It made Karamatsu happy to see his brother resting so easily. He couldn't help but wonder why Choromatsu wanted to die so badly. Did it have something to do with his last job? Did he really make that big of a mistake? At least it seemed Choromatsu trusted Karamatsu enough to start opening up to him a bit. Karamatsu would make sure that trust was well placed. He’d protect his brother, even if it was the last thing he ever did.Watching his younger brother slowly breath in and out, Karamatsu found himself falling gently into sleep as well.



Chapter End Notes
Hiroshi Yamamoto was named after Choromatsu's voice actorThis chapter was inspired by the song "People Allergy". I suggest checking out the English Cover by Oktavia von Seckendorff!


Catching Stars
Chapter Summary
Karamatsu and Jyushimatsu go for a walk



Karamatsu opened his eyes, blinking a few times. The living room was dark, someone had turned off the television and all the lights. Choromatsu was still leaning against him, his weight and warmth somehow comforting. Someone had also covered them up with a blanket. What a sweet gesture, Karamatsu thought to himself as he wondered who could've done that. Perhaps their mother? Or one of their siblings? Who knew.Karamatsu felt a bit restless however. He got up, and gently lowered Choromatsu onto the couch so he wouldn't wake up. Karamatsu left him be, and walked towards the kitchen.Now that he was awake, his mind started to whirl once again. He had really failed yesterday. He should've been a better older brother. He should have found a way to comfort Choromatsu. Choromatsu already wanted to die and Karamatsu certainly wasn't helping change his mind. Karamatsu sighed as he opened the fridge. The words Choromatsu had said before rang in his head. “I'm useless.” Choromatsu had been so wrong. He wasn't the useless one, his stupid older brother was the real useless person.Karamatsu reached for a beer, like he had on so many previous nights. It just felt like a habit now. But as he did, Ichimatsu’s angry face came into his mind. If he drank again now, like this, surely Ichimatsu would find out and be pissed at him. Then he would be even more of a burden than usual. Karamatsu closed the fridge and leaned against it. What was he supposed to do now? How else could he numb this pain?Karamatsu had been standing there deep in thought when the kitchen light flicked on. Jyushimatsu bounded into the room, but paused when he saw Karamatsu. “Hey, Karamatsu nii-san! Why are you in the kitchen? In the dark? In the middle of the night?”“Heh, after a day so fraught with activity that I ended up napping earlier, I now find myself wide awake with the moon.” Karamatsu said, his eyes sparkling.“Oh so you can't sleep again? Hey, hey, why don't we go for a walk then! Hustle hustle muscle muscle!” Jyushimatsu began marching in place.Karamatsu had quite enough exercise for one day, but he wasn't one to turn down a chance to spend time with one of his brothers. It would probably be a good distraction from his thoughts as well. “That sounds marvelous.”The two set off outside. It was a beautiful night, not a single cloud in the sky, and a cool breeze was flowing through the air. “Heh, a night like this, with the stars sparkling in the sky, makes me feel nostalgic.”“Oh yeah? Nostalgic about what?” Jyushimatsu hopped next to Karamatsu happily.“Hmm, for the nights of our youth perhaps? Remember how back in highschool we'd sneak out of the house late at night and cause all sorts of trouble?”“You would recite poetry to random people on the streets, nii-san! But now we don't even have to sneak out of the house anymore!” Jyushimatsu pondered for a moment, putting a hand up to his face. “Although you've been sneaking around a lot lately.”“Sneaking around?” Karamatsu didn't think he was doing anything of the sort.“Maybe not sneaking, but you've been going out a lot lately! With Choromatsu nii-san! You even got that suspicious phone call and didn't come back for hours.” Jyushimatsu looked at Karamatsu with wide eyes.“Oh, well I guess I have been pretty busy lately.” Karamatsu hadn't considered the possibility that any of his brothers noticed his recent activities. Or ever noticed him at all. Well out of all of them, Jyushimatsu was the most likely to notice, he did seem to hold a certain fondness for his older brother.“And, and, not only that, but I heard Osomatsu and Ichimatsu talking tonight.”“Were you perhaps eavesdropping on them?” Karamatsu smirked.“No way! I just happened to hear while I was climbing a tree outside our bedroom window.” Jyushimatsu vigorously nodded his head.“Of course.” Karamatsu grinned.“And, Osomatsu was pretty upset.”“What was bothering our dear eldest brother?” Karamatsu was intrigued. He didn't like to gossip that much, but he was still curious. Especially since it had to do with Ichimatsu. He hoped that Ichimatsu hasn't told Osomatsu about him drinking again.“Osomatsu nii-san is worried that Choromatsu hates him. He said that Choromatsu has been ignoring him and spending all his time with you instead.”“Oh.” The pair had arrived at the park, on a bridge that crossed a small river. Karamatsu paused and watched the reflection of the moon upon the water. He wondered if Choromatsu was mad at Osomatsu for some reason. He couldn't think of anything, and he hadn't seen them fighting lately. “I doubt that's the case.”“Then why have you two been hanging out so much lately? Do you have a secret? Oh I know! You both got girlfriends!” Jyushimatsu hoisted himself up and sat on the railing to the bridge. He looked up towards the sky with the same smile he always had.Karamatsu laughed. “Unfortunately not. I have yet to find a Karamatsu Girl who can withstand the deep burning passion of my love. I guess I've just been hanging out with Choromatsu by coincidence lately. We aren't really doing anything in particular.”Jyushimatsu's eyes went large and blank like they always did when he was pondering something. “Is that so?” Jyushimatsu kicked his legs back and forth as he looked towards the sky. He reached out one hand towards the stars, “Do you think I can catch a shooting star?”“Hmm, why would you want to do that? You are already like the sunlight.” Karamatsu turned around and leaned his back against the railing so he could look up at the stars with Jyushimatsu.“Yeah, but I can't grant wishes.”“Oh is there a wish you want granted?” Karamatsu asked.“Yeah! Say Karamatsu nii-san, if you could have any wish granted, what would it be?” Jyushimatsu continued to look up at the peaceful night sky.Karamatsu thought for a moment. Perhaps if he could have a wish, it would be to have never been born. Then he would never have caused so much pain. Then he would never have to see Choromatsu cry and be unable to do anything about it. But he couldn't say that out loud. “I wish I could be a better older brother.”Jyushimatsu suddenly closed his hand. He jumped down off the railing and shouted, “I caught a star! I caught one!”“Hmm? Can I see?” Karamatsu asked his younger brother.Jyushimatsu opened his hand, and a small firefly darted out. It flew around quickly, it's light blinking in and out, before disappearing underneath the bridge. “Now your wish will come true for sure.” Jyushimatsu grinned.“I'm sure yours will as well.” Karamatsu patted his brother on the back.Jyushimatsu started skipping down the bridge,  “Hey, hey nii-san can we go to the convenience store? I'm hungry!”“Of course my little Jyushimatsu.” Karamatsu and Jyushimatsu arrived back at their house, Karamatsu now holding several plastic bags full of snacks. He wasn't sure they could even eat this many snacks, but Jyushimatsu had insisted.They entered the living room, and the lights were already on. That was strange, they had been off earlier. Karamatsu looked at the couch where Choromatsu had been sleeping, only to find it vacant. Only the blanket remained. Karamatsu’s heart began to pound erratically in his chest.Jyushimatsu was unloading snacks onto the table. “Nii-san, come eat!”“Just give me one moment, my Jyushimatsu.” Karamatsu tried his best to restrain himself as he left the living room and quickly checked in on their bedroom upstairs. He scanned the futon. There were three empty spaces. Choromatsu wasn't there either.Karamatsu’s thoughts started to wildly spin out of control. Where could Choromatsu have gone? He wasn't one to just wander out at night. What if he had…Karamatsu felt like he couldn't breathe again. He slowly headed downstairs. There was no way Choromatsu had gone off to die on his own, right? No way. They had a promise after all.Of course Karamatsu wasn't intending to keep his end of the promise either.Oh no. Karamatsu took out his phone and started tapping out a message to Choromatsu. “Where r u?????”He just had to stay calm. But he couldn't! He had failed Choromatsu so much already! No wonder he had left. He had no one he could rely on! If only Karamatsu had been a better brother, if only he could protect him, if only…His phone vibrated in his hand. Karamatsu checked and saw he had a new message from Choromatsu. “Where are you?!”That was a strange way to answer a message, but Karamatsu felt immediately better. “I'm at home, of course.”“Wait, I'll be right back.” Choromatsu replied in an instant.So Choromatsu had just gone out for some reason. Karamatsu had to stop panicking over every little thing. It was just so hard, knowing that your brother wanted to die. Karamatsu resigned himself to have more faith in the future.Karamatsu rejoined Jyushimatsu in the living room. Jyushimatsu was already digging into a bag a chips. “Karamatsu nii-san! Hurry or I'll eat everything.”Karamatsu gave a small laugh, “Hey, don't eat all those chips, I wanted some too.”The sliding door to the living room slammed open. Karamatsu jumped, sending some of the chips he was holding into the air. Choromatsu stood in the door frame, panting slightly.“Ah, Choromatsu nii-san! Did you want some snacks as well?” Jyushimatsu smiled and offered up a packet of cookies.“Snacks?” Choromatsu had a bewildered look on his face.“We took a midnight stroll and stopped for some snacks.” Karamatsu explained.“Oh right, of course.” Choromatsu looked like he had more to say, but he just sat down at the table and took a cookie from Jyushimatsu.“Did you go for a walk too, nii-san?” Jyushimatsu asked as he shoved a whole cookie into his mouth.“Something like that.” Choromatsu took a bite of his cookie.“Hey, hey, where were you earlier tonight? Don't you remember we were all going to see that new movie? You know the one with all the sharks?” Jyushimatsu made his best shark impression and tore into some rice balls.“Oh, was that tonight? I guess I forgot.” Choromatsu sighed.Karamatsu watched his two brothers talk. He hadn't been invited to see any movie, this was the first he had heard about it. Surely they had just forgotten to invite him, right? Or maybe not. They forgot about him a lot, it seems. Choromatsu and Jyushimatsu kept talking like they had even forgotten Karamatsu was in the room.Well, that's just how it always was. Karamatsu had been spending so much time with Choromatsu he had almost forgotten. It didn't matter. Better to be ignored rather than be a burden.Karamatsu thoughts were interrupted when Jyushimatsu posed a question at him. “Hey Karamatsu nii-san, do you want to practice baseball with me tomorrow?”It was rare for Jyushimatsu to ask him to play with him. Normally he would practice with Ichimatsu. It felt nice to be invited out. He was about to reply when he remembered that he had work in the morning. “Unfortunately I must decline, I have a prior engagement, my little Jyushimatsu.”Jyushimatsu frowned for just a moment before snapping back to his smile, “Doing what? Something fun?”Karamatsu’s mind went into overdrive. He should've thought of an excuse before, but he had none. He honestly never expected anyone to care enough to ask. “It's uh. A secret.”Jyushimatsu frowned slightly again. “You can tell me, I promise I won't say anything.” Jyushimatsu made a motion like he was zipping his mouth closed.“It's a big secret, we uh, can't tell you? About it? Yet?” Choromatsu stammered.“Okay.” Jyushimatsu seemed a bit dejected, but let it go.The three brothers continued to chat and eat for a few more minutes. Jyushimatsu somehow devoured all the snacks. Karamatsu briefly wondered if his stomach actually lead to a black hole. They cleaned up all the wrappers and headed to bed.Karamatsu snuggled into his normal spot. He was a bit worried about falling asleep without even drinking. But it seemed that a combination of eating too many snacks and still being exhausted from working all day sent him to sleep rather quickly. Karamatsu felt like he had just hardly shut his eyes when they opened again. Daylight filtered into the room. It wasn't often that Karamatsu awoke this early. Everyone else was still sleeping. He stretched his arms and looked out the window. On a day like today, he would love to go up on the roof and play guitar. Perhaps work on some new and exciting songs sure to thrill anyone who would hear them. He used to sometimes daydream that a music producer would walk past as he was playing and become so enamored by his music they'd hire him on the spot. That was a pretty silly dream to him now.Karamatsu woke up Choromatsu and the two headed down for breakfast. The whole time Choromatsu kept grumbling things like, “Do we really have to go back?” and “Can't we call in sick?” But he seemed to be in a better mood today.They started their trek to work, carrying the lunches their mother had prepared. Karamatsu spoke to Choromatsu in a low tone as they walked, “So my dear brother, why did you really go out last night?”“Ah, no reason.” Choromatsu’s face flushed white.Karamatsu had been thinking about it, and he thought he might've stumbled upon the reason, “You were worried about me being gone, weren't you?”Choromatsu was as white as a ghost, “Well, you see, when I woke up and couldn't find you I was scared. I thought maybe you had another nightmare and had run off somewhere. Or done something stupid...without...me…”Karamatsu frowned. So he was right. Choromatsu was scared of Karamatsu killing himself without Choromatsu. He had to reassure him, even if it was a lie. Karamatsu grabbed a hold of Choromatsu’s hand, and linked pinkies with him again.“Promise. We made a promise. Don't forget.” Karamatsu reassured him with a smile.“Yeah, we promised.” Choromatsu looked at their linked hands.“So don't worry anymore, I'll be with you until the end. Now, I have a plan for after work.” Karamatsu let go of his brother's hand. “Let's go clothes shopping for the mixer on Friday.”“Clothes shopping? With you? NOOOOOOOO!!!”



Let's Go Shopping!
Chapter Summary
Karamatsu and Choromatsu go to the mall
Chapter Notes
Hiroshi's in this chapter a bit again, the co-worker of Karamatsu and Choromatsu if you recall. This chapter is mainly humor but then!!




“Seriously, don't you think these pants should be illegal?” Choromatsu said, pushing Karamatsu’s latest fashion magazine across the table towards Hiroshi. They were currently on lunch break at work, but it felt more like a “rag on Karamatsu’s amazing fashion” break.
Hiroshi took a look at the magazine, and immediately covered his eyes, “How is that possible? All that glitter! It's painful to even look at a picture! Those aren't pants, those are torture.”“Heh, I know it's difficult for normal people to appreciate the haute couture of the men’s fashion world, but…”“No, don't even say another word.” Choromatsu interrupted. “If you wear those agonizing pants to the mixer, there will be casualties.”“Then how about I wear these,” Karamatsu turned the page, revealing a pair of boots, made from denim. High heeled boots. That went up to the mid thigh. Adorned with sequins.Hiroshi leaned across the table, put his hand on Karamatsu’s shoulder, shook his head, and mouthed the word, “Noooooo.”Karamatsu smiled, “Someday the world will understand my fashion sense.”Choromatsu put his hand on Karamatsu’s other shoulder and also mouthed the word, “Nooooo.”Hiroshi leaned back in his seat and continued with his lunch, “I don't really get the appeal of a mixer anyway. Seems like just a way to try and force romantic interactions. Isn't it better to try and meet someone more naturally?”“That's what I was saying! But you guys all said my self awareness was rising again.” Choromatsu pouted as he took a bite of his rice.“Wasn't it your idea to go to this mixer?” Karamatsu asked, closing up his fashion magazine.“Yeah, but just for fun. I'm not looking for love or anything.” Choromatsu said, “I doubt I'll even be able to talk to any of the girls there anyway.”“Are you guys bad at talking with girls?” Hiroshi asked.“I'm not bad at talking with girls, they simply can't handle the passion that I exude with every breath I take,” Karamatsu said, his eyes sparkling.“Yeah, we are really bad.” Choromatsu said, ignoring Karamatsu.“I can help you guys, you know I'm pretty good with the ladies.” Hiroshi bragged. “I'm actually engaged.”“Really? Please teach me your ways sensei!” Karamatsu bowed his head to Hiroshi.“It's not all that complicated…”“Alright guys, time to get back to work!” Yuichi called over the crowd.“Hey, how about we go out for drinks tomorrow night? I'll teach you everything I know!” Hiroshi offered as he started packing away his lunch.“Sounds good to me, you okay with that Choromatsu?”“Okay, sure.” Choromatsu replied. Karamatsu packed up his own lunch with a smile. Choromatsu was acting way more like himself today. Not like the day before when he had been so quiet. Maybe talking about his past had been cathartic? Karamatsu could only hope so.Karamatsu got back to work. He was helping put the siding on the building. It was far less tiring work than the shoveling they had been doing yesterday.Karamatsu had come up with a bit of a plan. He called it, “Keep Choromatsu as busy and happy as possible so he doesn't have time to think about wanting to die,” plan. He was still working on the name. That's why he had decided to go shopping today after all. Plus he knew that one of Choromatsu’s favorite pastimes was to yell at Karamatsu’s fashion. So far his plan seemed to be going rather smoothly. Choromatsu did seem so much happier. That's all Karamatsu could hope for at the moment.“Brother, are you ready to shop? Today, we are going to sparkle!” Karamatsu put his arm around Choromatsu's neck after they had both finished working.“Absolutely no sparkles, glitter, or sequins of any kind. Todomatsu will kill us.” Choromatsu groaned."No, you wound me! I need to shine!” Karamatsu put his hand against his forehead dramatically.“Oh, I'm sure your winning personality will shine for you. So are we going to the mall then?”“Yes, to the mall, my Karamatsu Girls await.” Karamatsu walked forward like a model in a fashion show.“Oh no this is going to be a disaster.” Choromatsu covered his face with his hand as he followed behind. 
The mall was crowded considering it was a weekday afternoon. It was mostly bored teenagers milling about after school. Choromatsu stuck close to his brother as they walked to the big department store, Maci’s. 
The two entered the store. The front of the store had a variety of makeup and perfumes for sale. Female store employees stood around to help assist anyone in need. Normally Karamatsu would flirt with at least one of them, but he needed to keep on mission: to find the best outfit ever for the mixer.Choromatsu looked around anxiously at all the clothes as they headed towards the back of the store. Karamatsu wondered if he had ever even been in here before. He was pretty sure his brother bought all his green button down shirts from Fal-Mart. Choromatsu never cared much for fashion, he was always spending all his money on idol merchandise. Karamatsu would have to teach him all about fashion. He could feel himself bubbling with excitement.“Here it is,” Karamatsu stopped in front of the men’s wear section. “Our paradise awaits.”“Someone save me,” Choromatsu said.“Brother, there is no salvation.” Karamatsu grabbed his brother by the arm and pulled him into the racks of the clothes. “Prepare for your rebirth as a fashionista.”Karamatsu looked through the racks of clothes. He would find the perfect outfit for his brother. Karamatsu pulled shirts and pants off racks and shelves seemingly at random. Once he had amassed a whole arm full he lead his brother to the fitting room. He looked through the clothes he had picked out and handed a pair of pants, a shirt, and a button down shirt to Choromatsu. “Try those on!”“Don't I get any say in this?” Choromatsu asked as Karamatsu pushed him into a changing room.“No.”Choromatsu sighed but resigned himself to his fate. After a few moments he stepped back out. Karamatsu snapped his fingers, “C’est magnifique!” Karamatsu walked up to his brother and walked around him, examining his brilliant work from all angles. The pale green plaid shirt over the green button down shirt. The khaki pants that weren't too baggy nor too tight. A bit classy, a bit casual. Yes, it was the perfect outfit.


“Does it fit alright?” Karamatsu finally asked.
“Yeah. And it doesn't look terrible! It actually looks pretty nice. I feel like I have been mislead. I thought you were really bad at fashion.” Choromatsu admired himself in the mirror.“Where did you ever get that idea?” Karamatsu asked.“I don't know, all the blindingly sparkly things you own?” Choromatsu shook his head, “So much glitter everywhere…”“I just believe my clothes should be as radiant as I am!” Karamatsu said, sparkles practically flying off of him.“Of course…” Choromatsu sighed. “I'm going to change, but what about you? You still have to pick out your outfit, right?”Karamatsu looked back at the racks of clothes. He wished he could have more time to shop, but Choromatsu was looking pretty worn out. Besides he already had a good idea of what he wanted to wear. “I'll pick out my outfit while you are changing, worry not my brother.”Karamatsu picked out his outfit. It was one of his best yet, despite the no shiny things restriction. He was ready to go by the time Choromatsu had finished changing. “So are you going to try your outfit on?”“And ruin the surprise?”“Who...who are you trying to surprise exactly?” Choromatsu looked at Karamatsu with one eyebrow raised. Karamatsu winked back at him. “Ugh. There better not be any glitter in there.”“I promise, I got nothing that shimmers, shines or sparkles.”They made their way to the registers. It hadn't taken that long to shop. Choromatsu was pretty easy to shop for, especially considering they were the same size. A tired looking woman rang them out, and the two left the store.“That wasn't nearly as bad as I thought it would be.” Choromatsu said, as they walked down the long main path of the mall.“So do you want some refreshments from the food court? I'm feeling pretty famished.” Karamatsu admitted. Working all day really worked up an appetite.“Oh sure, it's been a long time since I had mall food.”As they were walking towards the food court, Karamatsu noticed a small kiosk that had phone accessories. He spotted a small frog charm. It looked a lot like Choromatsu. “Hey brother, look, it's you!”“Oh no, not this Froggymatsu shit again.” Choromatsu said, holding up the charm. “It is kinda cute though.”Karamatsu noticed another charm that looked like the sunglasses emoji. “Hey, this one is me! We should get them.”“Sure, why not.” Choromatsu said as Karamatsu was already getting his wallet out to pay. Karamatsu smiled as the clerk handed him a bag with the two charms inside.Karamatsu was just about to put his wallet away when he heard a voice calling his name. “Karamatsu! Choromatsu!”He looked over to see Osomatsu with a rather dejected Ichimatsu trailing behind him. What were they doing at the mall? Especially Ichimatsu. He hated big crowds even more than Choromatsu seemed to. “My dearest family! What brings you to the mall?” Karamatsu called out.“Ichimatsu wanted to go to the pet store to look at kittens.” Osomatsu explained. “He didn't want to come alone so I came with him.”As expected of the eldest brother, always so considerate of his siblings. Karamatsu replied without even being asked, “We were just shopping for some clothes today, I thought it would be a wonderful experience to introduce Choromatsu to the wide world of fashion.”“Hahaha! That must’ve been painful.” Osomatsu scratched his nose. “So do you guys want to come with us to the pet store?”Karamatsu looked at Choromatsu before answering. Choromatsu was looking at the ground, and said softly, “I'm hungry nii-san.”“I'm sorry but we must decline for today.” Karamatsu answered.“Oh, alright, but hey? Can I borrow some money? I'll pay you back later, okay?” Osomatsu eyed Karamatsu’s wallet.“Oh, sure thing.” Karamatsu took out 1,000 yen.Osomatsu grabbed it and started kissing it. “Thanks Karamatsu! See you later!” Osomatsu jogged off with hearts in his eyes.“See you brother.” Karamatsu waved him off. As he was doing so, Ichimatsu bumped into him, knocking him slightly off balance. Karamatsu accidentally dropped the bag he was holding. He went to pick it up but saw Ichimatsu glaring at him. “Ah, sorry brother, was I in your way?”“Tch,” Ichimatsu walked after Osomatsu.Choromatsu bent down and handed Karamatsu the bag he had dropped. Choromatsu’s face looked more troubled than normal. Was he upset about something?“Thank you. Shall we head to the food court?” Karamatsu could hear his stomach grumbling, so he decided not to delve into whatever was bothering Choromatsu at that moment.“Alright.”


At the food court Karamatsu headed over to the pizza place. He didn't often treat himself to junk food like this, but he was very hungry. He headed towards a table where Choromatsu was already sitting with a burger and some fries.
“Don't you think pizza is the most perfect food?” Karamatsu said as he sat down. “It has every aspect of the food pyramid! There is bread, vegetables, dairy, and protein. It's everything all in one easy to consume slice.” Karamatsu took a rather large bite.“I don't think they use the food pyramid anymore.” Choromatsu was ignoring his food. Instead he seemed more focused on putting his new frog charm on his phone.“Is that so?” Karamatsu said, still enjoying his pizza. “I thought you were hungry? Why aren't you eating?”“I guess I lost my appetite.” Choromatsu sighed.“Are you upset about something?” Karamatsu remembered how Jyushimatsu had mentioned that Osomatsu and Choromatsu might be fighting. Could it be true?“It’s nothing really. Hey, you want me to put your charm on your phone too?” Karamatsu nodded and handed Choromatsu his phone.The rest of the slice of pizza quickly vanished into Karamatsu’s stomach, and the duo left the mall not long after that. Karamatsu kept his phone out on the walk back home, admiring his new charm. It was pretty cute.At home Jyushimatsu and Todomatsu were playing a game of solitary (together, somehow) so Karamatsu left them be as he put away his new clothes. He then took out his mirror and began to admire himself in it. Choromatsu was reading a book of some kind, but he seemed to have cheered up a bit already. That made Karamatsu feel better. Today had been a good day. A much better day. Karamatsu smiled into his mirror. He looked really happy for once.
It wasn't long before Osomatsu and Ichimatsu also arrived back home. Choromatsu buried himself further into his book, trying to ignore them. Osomatsu didn't even seem to notice and sat down next to Choromatsu. “Oi, Choromatsu? Are you busy? Do you want to go get some oden?”
“I'm not hungry.” Choromatsu’s reply was curt.“Oh, well how about we go play Pachinko tomorrow?”“I'm busy.”“Well how about-”Choromatsu slammed his book shut, stopping Osomatsu mid-sentence. The atmosphere of the room felt very heavy. “I'm busy for the rest of my life.” Choromatsu got up and stomped out of the room.Karamatsu put down his mirror and rushed after his younger brother. He only caught a glance of Osomatsu’s face as he was leaving, but it was dark and gloomy. 
Choromatsu was downstairs putting his shoes on in the entrance way. “Are you alright?” Karamatsu asked.
“I'm fine. I'm just going for a walk.” Choromatsu got up, and opened up the front door.“Do you want some company?” Karamatsu started to slide on his own shoes.Choromatsu was silent for a moment before he answered. “Sure.”They silently made their way down the street. Karamatsu could feel the negative feelings radiating off his brother. He didn't know what was wrong, but if he could, he'd like to help fix it. Choromatsu should be smiling, after all.Eventually they reached a park. Since it was getting late in the evening it was empty and quiet. Karamatsu remembered coming here a lot when they were younger. Choromatsu sat down on a swing, so Karamatsu did the same. The silence between them was nearly unbearable, so Karamatsu decided to break it. “Do you remember when we were young and played here? We used swing on these swings and try to go as high as possible?”Choromatsu gave a small smile. “Yeah. Jyushimatsu actually managed to make the swing loop around. I wonder how he managed that.”Another silence followed that. Karamatsu pushed himself back and forth on the swing a bit. When they had all been children everything had been so much simpler. Why had everything changed? Life just wasn't as much fun anymore.Karamatsu sighed and spoke up again, “Are you having a fight with Osomatsu?” It was probably best to just get to the point.“No.” Choromatsu looked down at the ground. “I'm not.”“Do you wish to talk about what's going on?” Karamatsu asked.“No. It's nothing. It’s not important.” Choromatsu looked up at the sky now. The sun was just only barely starting to set, but the sky was already changing into a dark orange.“If you don't want to talk about it I won’t push you, but maybe you should talk to him, I believe he's worried about you.” Karamatsu looked up at the sky as well.Choromatsu made a noncommittal noise. “It's not that big of a deal. It'll be fine. I'll be dead soon anyway.”Karamatsu had almost forgotten about that. For just a moment it had slipped his mind. His heart felt heavy again. “It hurts…”“Hm, what hurts?” Choromatsu looked over at his brother.“Ah, nothing, just sore from work.” Karamatsu tried to laugh but couldn't really manage.“Yeah, me too. Hey, Karamatsu, have you thought of how we are going to, um, kill ourselves? You said we'd talk about it before but we always get distracted.”Karamatsu had been avoiding the topic. He didn't really want to talk about it, so he just shrugged. “I'm bad at planning things.”Choromatsu gave a small chuckle. “You are Mr. No Plans, after all. I guess it doesn't really matter, as long as we do it, right? I'd prefer something less painful…” Choromatsu trailed off. He looked at Karamatsu again and asked, “Hey, have you ever…”“Have I ever what?” Karamatsu asked when he never finished his sentence.“Actually it's not important, let's get back home.” Choromatsu jumped off his swing and started walking away.Karamatsu watched his back for a moment, his shadow trailing behind him as he moved forward. Karamatsu wanted to call out to him, but he couldn't find any words. There were so many words he couldn't say lately. 
He had to find those words, or he might just lose his brother.




Truth and Lies
Chapter Summary
Karamatsu and Osomatsu have a talk.
Chapter Notes
ooops i accidentally all this angst

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





Karamatsu would love to be star gazing right now. Instead he simply sat on the roof gazing at the many clouds that had gathered. It was a bit disappointing that this was the only view currently offered to him, but he didn't mind too much. It was better than being inside.
He reached over to where he had placed several beers and opened one. Perhaps Ichimatsu would find him up here drinking and yell at him again. He felt like he would definitely deserve it. Maybe Ichimatsu would be angry enough to actually punch him. He would deserve that too. After all, he was a huge failure who just made everyone’s problems worse all the time.The prior evening had been one of the quietest the Matsuno household had ever had. After Choromatsu and Karamatsu had arrived home from their talk, no one even said a word. It was like everyone was afraid to break the silence. The only words spoken the entire night was when Choromatsu asked Jyushimatsu if he could trade places with him on the futon. Jyushimatsu had simply nodded in reply.Karamatsu hadn't been able to sleep, as seemed to be the trend. He instead waited until all his brothers had fallen asleep, grabbed some beers, and headed up to the roof. And that's where he currently was, drinking alone up here in the middle of the night like the useless trash he was.A noise suddenly startled Karamatsu. He nearly lost his balance but he managed to not fall off the roof for once. He looked towards where the noise had come from to see Osomatsu climbing up onto the roof. Osomatsu looked at Karamatsu with wide eyes for a moment, seemingly shocked to find someone else up on the roof. The two just looked at each other for a moment before Osomatsu made his way over to his younger brother and sat next to him. He took out a pack of cigarettes and offered one to Karamatsu. Karamatsu took one without a word.Osomatsu lit his cigarette and took a deep puff before handing his lighter to Karamatsu. He then looked up at the cloudy sky alongside his brother. After a few moments, he spoke, “Do you mind if I have a beer?”“They are yours anyway.” Karamatsu replied, forgetting his normal bravado for a moment. He was too tired for much theatrics.“So they are.” Osomatsu opened a can and took a long sip. “Hey, can you do me a favor?”“I would do anything for you brother, what is it?” Karamatsu looked over at Osomatsu. Osomatsu had a pained expression on his face. It hurt his heart to look at him.“Would you punch me in the face?” Osomatsu made a punching motion towards himself.“Huh? Why would you want me to do that?” Out of any request he expected to receive, that one was probably most unexpected. He couldn't just punch his brother.“Maybe you'll knock some sense into me. Then maybe I could figure out what I did to make Choromatsu so mad at me.” Osomatsu slumped over slightly, bringing his knees up to his chest. “It must've been really awful and I'm just too stupid to figure it out.”Karamatsu took a drag from his own cigarette, trying to figure out what to say. What could he say? He didn't even know why Choromatsu was acting the way he was. “Heh, maybe you should punch me first so I can figure it out as well.”Osomatsu looked up. “He didn't tell you? I assumed that's what you guys were talking about when he stormed out of the house earlier.”“He said nary a word about it. He only said he wasn't fighting with you but refused to elaborate on the issue.” If only Karamatsu could have gotten him to speak about whatever was on his mind, but he was just too useless. Karamatsu took another drag of his cigarette, and watched the light at the end burn. Choromatsu’s actions didn't make sense. The only thing Karamatsu could think of was that his irrational anger towards Osomatsu had something to do with why he wanted to kill himself, which is why he was refusing to talk about it.Osomatsu put his cigarette out and finished his can of beer in one last long gulp. “Do you hate me too?” He finally said.“W-what?” That question shocked the younger brother. He could never hate anyone.“Is that why you are lying to me?” Osomatsu looked downwards, his eyes dark.“I'm not lying-”“Yes you are! You've been hanging around Choromatsu nonstop for days, but you expect me to believe that he hasn't said anything to you? Why are you lying to me? I just-” Osomatsu let out a strangled sob. “I just want to know what I did wrong.”“I…” Karamatsu couldn't think of anything to say.“Did I accidentally embarrass him? Insult him? What is it!?” Osomatsu was yelling now.“I really don't know Osomatsu. I swear.” Karamatsu put out his own cigarette. His chest felt like a hundred extra pounds had been strapped to it. Everything about tonight had gone so very, very wrong.“Fine, if you both want to lie to me that's just fucking fine.” Osomatsu got up swiftly and made his way back to the window. He looked back at Karamatsu one last time, his eyes practically glowing red with anger. “If you want to actually start telling the truth you know where to find me.” With that Osomatsu disappeared into the house.Liar. Karamatsu deserved that title for sure. He opened another can of beer and downed it as quickly as he could manage. That nightmare he had the other night seemed to be coming true. How long until everyone started calling him a failure as well? Surely it wouldn't be long. He was a liar. He was a failure. He was the worst brother in existence.They all really would be better off without him now. Choromatsu would be happier with him gone. Choromatsu needed someone who could be open and honest with him. Not an idiot so embroiled in his own problems he couldn't even speak half the time.Ichimatsu and Osomatsu were both pissed at him. They would definitely be happier without him. Karamatsu was just causing strife between his family. He was making everyone suffer. He couldn't allow this to continue. He had to die. Tonight.He would just go down to the kitchen and find the sharpest knife and slit his wrists. He'd bleed out and be gone from this pain forever. Karamatsu grabbed at his wrists. It would be easy right?But if it was that easy why couldn't he force his legs to move. If he could just get up he could do it…But then again, it probably wouldn't work. With so many people in the house surely someone would find him before he bled out. He didn't even want to think of the consequences of that. Karamatsu felt sick to his stomach. He couldn't do that. He'd have to find a different way, something more lethal and quick and…A different thought suddenly occurred to Karamatsu. If he died now, would Osomatsu and Choromatsu just never make up? Would they keep fighting like this forever? In that case, wouldn't his death be more of a burden on everyone? He couldn't let that happen. He had to fix this first.Karamatsu finally managed to get his legs to move. He felt unstable, his legs were like jelly. It was hard to even see clearly. He slowly moved along the roof and made it back inside. 
Choromatsu was sleeping at the end of the futon still. Would it be right of Karamatsu to wake him up like this? Wouldn't that be more of a burden? Karamatsu knelt down next to him, stuck in indecision. Karamatsu was a huge pain to everyone. Maybe he should really just go die, surely that would be better…
Choromatsu opened his bleary eyes and looked at Karamatsu. Oh no, he had woken him up somehow. “Karamatsu?” Choromatsu asked in a groggy voice. “Are you crying?”Karamatsu put his hands to his face. So he was. He hadn't even noticed. When had he started crying? His mind felt so fuzzy.Choromatsu sat up and put his hand on Karamatsu’s shoulder. “Did you have another nightmare? Are you feeling really bad again?” Choromatsu stopped for a beat. “Have you been drinking?” His voice was laced with concern.Karamatsu could only nod. He was burdening Choromatsu, he just knew it. Choromatsu looked around the room and whispered, “Hey, we can talk downstairs okay?”Choromatsu put his arm around Karamatsu and helped him up and down the stairs. Karamatsu felt so guilty. Choromatsu had a world of problems on his own, yet he was still helping Karamatsu. He felt like he hardly deserved this kindness. Choromatsu and Karamatsu sat down in the living room. Karamatsu wished he could just disappear so that he wouldn't cause any more problems.
“What happened?” Choromatsu was frowning.
Karamatsu wanted to smile, to reassure his brother. He wanted to tell him that nothing was wrong and he was just being his stupid painful self. But then he'd just be a liar. Maybe if he wanted Choromatsu to open up to him, a touch of honesty was needed here? “I got into a fight with Osomatsu.”“What?” Choromatsu reeled back. “Like a fist fight?”“I wish.” Karamatsu took a deep breath. “An argument. About...you.”“Oh.” Choromatsu looked down at his hands.“He’s upset that you won't talk to him. He accused me of lying to him when I told him I didn't know what was wrong. That we are both liars…” Karamatsu wiped at his eyes, he could feel tears starting to form once again.“I guess we are liars…” Choromatsu mumbled. “I'm causing you problems. I'm sorry Karamatsu nii-san.”Choromatsu was apologizing to him? But Karamatsu should be the one to apologize! “You did nothing wrong. I'm sorry. It's my fault...I just...if I could…” Oh no he was crying again. Why did he have to be so pathetic and weak in front of Choromatsu? Why couldn't he keep himself together? He should be cheering Choromatsu up not the other way around.Choromatsu seemed at a loss for words. Choromatsu’s started to rub Karamatsu’s back in gentle circles. Karamatsu wondered if maybe more honesty would help. He looked at his brother and asked, “Don't you think everyone would be better off if I just died now? Everyone would be happier if I kill myself right?”Choromatsu’s eyes widened. He looked like he was about to start crying as well. Was that too much honesty, perhaps? But now he felt like he couldn't stop talking. It was like a floodgate had opened and his words just spilled out. “I'm such a burden on everyone. I can never do anything right. Everyone is always angry with me. I just want to stop this suffering…”“Nii-san…” Choromatsu was really crying now. Karamatsu was so stupid. He made his own brother cry because he was so painful. This time he would do something about it. He wouldn't fail this time.Karamatsu pulled Choromatsu into his arms. Choromatsu let out a small sob and wrapped his arms around Karamatsu’s back.“I'm sorry,” Karamatsu mumbled. “I'm so sorry.”“Please stop apologizing.” Choromatsu squeezed his brother tighter. “I'll talk to Osomatsu tomorrow. I'll straighten everything out, okay? So please don't say mean things about yourself anymore. You aren't a burden. You're not.”“If you say so, heh.” Karamatsu forced a bit of a laugh. He knew that was a lie, but he appreciated it.“Are you going to be okay?” Choromatsu asked.Karamatsu let his brother go and looked him in the eyes. “I believe so brother. I really didn't mean to wake you up in the middle of the night. You must be exhausted.”Choromatsu gave him a small smile. “No, I'm glad you did. We should talk to each other about this kind of stuff. If we have to lie to everyone else, at least we should be honest with each other.”Karamatsu looked away for a moment, rubbing at his eyes, “Yes, of course.”If only Karamatsu could truly say everything he wanted to. If only he could tell his brother that he should live, that Karamatsu was the only one who deserved to die. But he continued to lie. Maybe he could really be truthful someday.



Chapter End Notes
There won't be a chapter tomorrow I'm going on a road trip of sorts with my mom! So new chapter on Sunday then!


BAD END
Chapter Summary
What if chapter 9 had ended differently?
Warning for blood!
Chapter Notes
Look I know I said there wasn't going to be a chapter today but here is one anyway. It's not that long and it's not canon to the story. It's just for, uh fun? For angst. Yes it's for angst. It's also told from Osomatsu's point of view.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Osomatsu woke up feeling rather grumpy. He had hardly slept the night before. In fact he had stayed awake for over an hour just lost in his own thoughts. He couldn't believe that two of his brothers were acting this way. Lying to him. It felt like he was being left behind again.
Now it was early morning. Far earlier than he normally woke up, but he had a need to use the bathroom. He would just go and then he could come back and sleep some more. Maybe then he'd feel less cranky.
As he was getting up he noticed an empty spot on the futon. The place where Karamatsu normally slept. Had he never come back to bed? Osomatsu wondered if he had been too harsh with him. Well it didn't matter. Karamatsu could handle it. He always brushed off everything, no matter what harsh words were flung his way.
Osomatsu made his way to the bathroom. The door was closed? His heart leapt in his chest. Something felt wrong. Something was off. What was going on? Osomatsu knocked on the door. There was no answer. A sharp pain flashed against his chest. Something was really wrong here. “I'm coming in!” Osomatsu practically yelled as he pushed the door open and turned on the light.
At first his eyes couldn't seem to focus. What he was seeing couldn't be reality. Karamatsu was lying crumpled on the floor, but there was so much red. Red? Blood, blood! And there was a knife? Osomatsu screamed. He wanted to run away. It looked far too terrible. This had to be a dream right? But it wasn't a dream and he couldn't run.
Osomatsu took stumbling steps over to his brother and knelt down towards him. Karamatsu’s left wrist was a bloody mess. Jagged lines criss-crossed across it in an almost random pattern. There was so much blood he could hardly even see anything else. He felt like he was going to be sick.
But then he did see something else. Karamatsu was still breathing. If only very slowly. “Karamatsu!” Osomatsu screamed. He had to stop the bleeding. He fumbled around for some towels and started wrapping them around his wrist.
“Osomatsu?” Osomatsu turned from where he was holding his brother to see Choromatsu and Jyushimatsu standing in the doorway. They must've heard Osomatsu screaming, and they both looked at the scene in front of them with horror.
“Call an ambulance!” Osomatsu yelled. The two younger brothers both ran towards the phone.
Osomatsu hoisted Karamatsu so his head was resting in his lap. He tightly held onto the towels trying to stop the bleeding. “Please don't die, please don't die…”
Karamatsu opened his eyes slowly. Osomatsu felt tears coming to his eyes. “It's going to be okay Karamatsu. You aren't going to die.”
Karamatsu struggled for a moment, almost as if he wanted to escape, but he had no strength left. Osomatsu tightened his hold on his arms. Why was this happening? Why had Karamatsu done this to himself?
Osomatsu could hear sirens approaching from a distance. Everything would be alright. Osomatsu would make sure of it. “Just hold on Karamatsu.”
Karamatsu looked so pained. He opened his mouth and managed to choke out, “I'm sorry nii-san...for being a liar…” before closing his eyes again.
Osomatsu felt such a heavy emotion on his heart. Why? Why? WHY?
A memory suddenly flashed into his mind. Ichimatsu had pulled Osomatsu into private several days prior to discuss something with him. Ichimatsu's words now echoed in his mind. “I'm worried about Shittymatsu. He was drinking alone last night. And he was writing something, it looked like a suicide note. And there was a knife out in the kitchen...”
Osomatsu should’ve taken those words more seriously. He had thought at the time that there was no way one of his brothers could hurt themselves. He had thought Karamatsu was just being overly dramatic about something. Why hadn't he done anything? He was supposed to be the eldest brother...he was supposed to protect his siblings...he was…
“Karamatsu!” Osomatsu sobbed. He bent down so that their foreheads were touching. Osomatsu was to blame for this. If only he hadn't been so angry with him. If only he had been nicer. If only…
 
The next hour was a flurry of action as the ambulance came and took Karamatsu away. The Matsuno Family had loaded up into two taxis and driven to the hospital. Osomatsu sat in the taxi with Ichimatsu, Jyushimatsu, and Todomatsu. The ride was utterly silent, besides the choked tears from Jyushimatsu and Todomatsu. Osomatsu could feel Ichimatsu looking at him. It was as if he was saying, “I told you.”
They all piled into the hospital waiting room. His mother was crying, and his father was holding her tightly. Ichimatsu was sitting in a chair with his feet up on the seat, curled in on himself. Jyushimatsu and Todomatsu were both crying and holding onto each other. Osomatsu could do nothing but stand there. He kept looking at his hands. He felt like he could still see blood staining them, despite washing his hands several times before they left the house. Would they ever really be clean again?
Osomatsu wanted to cry, but he couldn't. He had to be a reliable older brother. Karamatsu would be fine. He'd be fine and they could go home and everything could go back to normal. Yup...back to normal.
But would that really be okay?
Osomatsu could imagine Karamatsu coming home and acting like this never happened. Like everything was fine. Then everyone would go back to normal and start ignoring Karamatsu again…
Oh no. That's what would happen right? Nothing would change at all. Osomatsu couldn't let that happen. He had been right after all. Karamatsu was a liar. Osomatsu wouldn't let him lie anymore.
Osomatsu took a look around at his family again, but felt a tinge of panic. He hadn't noticed before, but Choromatsu wasn't here?
Osomatsu looked over to Ichimatsu and whispered, “Have you seen Choromatsu?”
Ichimatsu shrugged, not even looking his older brother in the eyes.
Osomatsu looked around again, hoping he had just missed him, and that Choromatsu was crouched down in some corner of the waiting room. But he wasn't.
Osomatsu had that sick feeling in his stomach again. Something was wrong. He walked over to Todomatsu who had sat down in a chair next to Jyushimatsu. Todomatsu rubbed at his eyes trying to stop his tears from falling. Osomatsu felt terrible, but he had to ask for a favor. “Todomatsu, can I borrow your phone?”
Todomatsu looked up at his with red eyes. He nodded and took out his phone.
Osomatsu took his phone and tried to walk as calmly as possible out the doors. He stood to the side of the hospital entrance. There wasn't anyone around considering how early it still was in the morning.
Osomatsu dialed Choromatsu’s phone number. Choromatsu had told it to him before. He had said to only call him if it was an emergency. Now felt like an emergency. Why wasn't he here?
The phone rang several times. Then came a sudden, “Karamatsu?” from a voice full of pain.
Osomatsu stayed silent. That was definitely Choromatsu, but he sounded more upset than Osomatsu had ever heard him. Choromatsu began speaking again, “It can't be Karamatsu. He's dead.”
“He's not!” Osomatsu shouted into the phone with more force than he meant to.
Choromatsu was silent for a long moment. “Osomatsu…”
“Where are you? Why aren't you at the hospital?” Osomatsu barked into the phone.
“I'm sorry. We made a promise after all.” Choromatsu sounded very distant.
“A promise, what are talking about?”
“I'm so scared.” Choromatsu was crying.
“Choromatsu, where are you?” Osomatsu felt like his whole mind was going hazy. What was going on here?
“I'm sorry you had to lose two brothers in one day.” Click. The phone had been hung up.
“Choromatsu! Choromatsu!” Osomatsu screamed into the phone. Oh shit. He tried to call him again, but the phone went straight to voicemail.
Was Choromatsu going to kill himself? What was going on? He had to get help. He didn't know what to do and he had to get help!
Osomatsu rushed back into the hospital. A doctor had come over and was talking to his parents and brothers. Osomatsu rushed over to hear what the doctor was saying. “I'm so sorry. We couldn't save him.”
Osomatsu couldn't stand anymore. His body crashed to the floor. Karamatsu was dead? No, that couldn't be. He was going to live. And then Osomatsu was going to be a better brother. He couldn't die now. There were too many unanswered questions. There was no way it could end like this.
Ichimatsu and Jyushimatsu rushed over to Osomatsu's side. Osomatsu blinked back the tears that had begun to fall. “Choro-Choromatsu. He's trying to kill himself.”
“What?” A chorus of voices rang on all sides of his head. But Osomatsu was so helpless, he didn't even know where his brother was. He was such a failure.
The police were called. Osomatsu had tried to run off to find his younger sibling, but Ichimatsu had stopped him. So Osomatsu just sat in a chair crying. He was so useless. Why hadn't he noticed that Choromatsu wasn't here earlier? What kinda big brother was he?
 
Time seemed to pass by like a rushing river. Osomatsu could hardly tell what was even happening around him. He just sat there, staring out into the distance. After a long time, some police came in and started talking with his family. Osomatsu couldn't get his legs to stand. He didn't want to hear the news anyway. Everyone was crying again.
Ichimatsu sat down next to Osomatsu. He leaned his head against the older brother’s shoulder in a way that reminded Osomatsu so much of a cat. “They found Choromatsu, but…” Ichimatsu couldn't finish his sentence.
Osomatsu buried his face in his hands. This couldn't be happening. This couldn't be reality. This had to be just a terrible, horrible nightmare…
 
This wasn't meant to be the true ending.



Chapter End Notes
Next real chapter tomorrow! Don't think this means this story is anywhere close to ending either. It's still got a whole lot more to go, this idea just came to me and I had to write it. Also thank you everyone for all the comments last chapter. I'm too tired to reply to them all right now, but really thank you! I know I write really fast, I don't know how I do it, but I do know it makes several of my friends really mad at me hahaha


How to Talk to Girls
Chapter Summary
Karamatsu and Choromatsu learn how to talk to girls from their coworker Hiroshi.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




The early morning sun hurt Karamatsu’s eyes. He had looked at himself in the mirror when he got up, and he looked terrible. There were large dark circles under his eyes. His eyes were red. His face was pale. It didn't help that his head was pounding and his stomach felt like it was rioting on him. He was a total mess.
Now he was eating breakfast with Choromatsu and his mother. His mother was sipping on a cup of tea, and shooting worried glances towards her son. “Are you getting sick?”
“Heh, I'm feeling a bit under the weather, but I am as strong as ever.” Karamatsu replied.
“Maybe we should call out of work? I don't want you to get sick.” Choromatsu said between bites of the omelet he was eating.
Everyone was worrying about him. That was no good. “I feeling just fine. Besides if we call out wouldn't that be a burden on Yuichi-san and the others at work?”
“I suppose so. Just be careful.” Choromatsu smiled at his brother. Karamatsu returned it.
The clouds from the previous night had cleared. It was another beautiful day. It almost made Karamatsu happy to still be alive. It was worth it anyway, if it meant Osomatsu and Choromatsu would make up and be happy. Karamatsu kept on smiling and hummed a little song to himself as he walked to work with Choromatsu.
“You seem happy.” Choromatsu remarked.
“Heh, I'm just grateful to see another beautiful day before us.” Karamatsu pointed to the sky. “Thank you God, for blessing us with this sunshine.”
Choromatsu laughed. “You sure are strange, Karamatsu. You can go from crying to smiling so quickly.”
“Heh, acting sad isn't like me. I'm Karamatsu, I'm supposed to be smiling.” Karamatsu nodded and put his fingers to his face. Besides, when he was gloomy Choromatsu got upset too. He had to stay positive for his sake as well. “You should smile as well brother.”
“Ha, well I'll try.”
Work seemed to pass by quickly. Karamatsu was carrying various equipment around for the other workers, but his arms and legs felt heavy. He was moving much more slowly than he'd like to. He really had overdone it with the drinking. Not to mention he hadn't slept well in days. It was starting to take a toll on his body. Karamatsu didn't relent, and tried to keep up the pace. It was exhausting work though.
When they had wrapped up work, Hiroshi came up to the two brothers. “Kara-san, Choro-san! You guys still up for going out tonight?”
Karamatsu gave him a thumbs up. Hiroshi had promised to help them talk to girls after all. Not that Karamatsu needed help, he was totally amazing.
Choromatsu looked over at Karamatsu, “Are you feeling well enough? We could go out another time.”
“There is hardly any time left until the mixer, do not worry I am feeling as fit as a fiddle!” Karamatsu flexed his arm as if that would somehow prove that he was feeling alright.
“I don't know how fiddles can be fit, but alright.” Choromatsu sighed but followed Hiroshi and Karamatsu to a nearby bar.
 
The bar Hiroshi ended up taking them to was a bright welcoming place. There were pool tables set up in the center, and a few people were already playing a game and laughing with each other. A dart board had also been set up, and two college aged girls were playing a game against each other. A jukebox was playing some older rock music. There was a relaxing atmosphere in general.
Hiroshi walked up to the bar where several people were drinking and chatting with the bartender. The bartender was wearing a black vest over a white button down shirt, and had brilliant red hair that reminded Karamatsu of a burning fire. Hiroshi brought over a pitcher of beer and pointed at an out of the way table for everyone to sit at.
The three sat down. Karamatsu poured the beer into mugs for everyone. Hiroshi smiled and took a big swig. “Alright guys, are you ready for my amazing lessons on how to talk to girls?”
“Heh, I need no lessons, girls are like precious flowers, they are just looking for a man like me to tend to them.” Karamatsu said, swinging his leg up and over his other leg.
“I don't even know where to start with how absurd that thing you just said was.” Hiroshi laughed. “This might be harder than I thought.”
“I can't even talk to girls most of the time, I mean unless it's Totoko-chan. I just get so nervous, and keep rehearsing in my head what to say to them over and over. But when I try to talk I just freeze! Or freak out because they are too cute.” Choromatsu had started pulling a napkin that was on the table into small shreds.
“I think I see what's going on here! You guys both have the same problem. You are thinking about girls all wrong.” Hiroshi said.
“Huh?” Karamatsu and Choromatsu both said at the same time.
“Hmm, well who is Totoko-chan, and why can you talk to her so easily, Choro-san?” Hiroshi asked.
Choromatsu had finished tearing the napkin apart and had taken to drawing on the condensation that had formed on the outside of his mug. “She is our childhood friend. She's really pretty, but she can be violent. I guess I can talk to her because I’ve known her forever?”
“So you don't think of her as a girl, but instead like a friend right?” Hiroshi asked. Choromatsu nodded in response. “See, that's what you guys got all wrong. You are both thinking about girls like they are some special creature. But I can promise you, they aren't. They are just like us. You should talk to them like people, not like ‘girls’,” Hiroshi finished his lecture by taking another long drink of his beer.
“Could it truly be so simple? Should I not be looking for Karamatsu Girls, but instead for my Karamatsu Friends?” Karamatsu put his elbow on the table and leaned against his hand. “To think it could be that easy.”
“It is pretty simple, just don't let your nerves get the best of you. Especially you, Choro-san.” Hiroshi paused. “Why don't you go try talking to some girls now?”
“What? Now? But I haven't thought of anything to say. What if I mess up? What if I make a fool of myself?” Choromatsu's face turned pale.
“Brother, worry not, we are only entertaining some fine young ladies with our words. What could possibly go wrong?” Karamatsu dramatically uncrossed his legs and stood from the table.
Choromatsu and Hiroshi exchanged a look. “Ah, well Choro-san, just pretend any girl is like Totoko-chan and you should be fine. Kara-san, you should uhhhh...” Hiroshi looked around like he might find an answer hidden in the room. “Try to be less dramatic?”
“I am not dramatic, I simply am like an actor in this stage we call life.”
“Oh no.” Hiroshi sighed and finished his mug of beer.  “Why don't you guys try talking to those young ladies playing darts?”
Karamatsu hardly heard him say that, because he was already walking over. Choromatsu followed slightly behind him, clinging to one of his sleeves. Karamatsu boldly approached the two women and proclaimed, “Good afternoon, may we play darts with you?”
Choromatsu gave a sound of dissatisfaction. “What kind of greeting is that?”
“My apologizes, I am Karamatsu, and this is my brother Choromatsu.” Karamatsu held out his hand to the young woman closest to him. She was rather tall and had her hair up in a messy bun.
After a moment she took his hand, “Nice ta meet ya! I'm Maaya, and this is,” Maaya indicated towards the shorter woman next to her with long black hair and glasses, “Fumi-chan!”
Fumi looked nervous and waved at the two boys, “Uh, hello.”
“It is so nice to meet such beautiful young women. So do you accept my proposal to play darts?” Karamatsu replied. He was slightly amazed that this was working. Of course he couldn't remember the last time he actually tried to talk to a girl instead of just trying look cool and hope that a girl approached him.
“Sure thing buddy. But just so ya know, Fumi-chan is the best dart player around.” Maaya put her arm around Fumi who gave a little gasp of confusion.
“I'm, uh, not that great.” Fumi pressed her hands together and looked towards the ground.
“We shall see who is truly the best!” Karamatsu grabbed a dart and got in position to throw. He threw the dart and then posed dramatically. The dart flew through the air and completely missed the board.
Choromatsu looked at Karamatsu with his mouth open as Karamatsu continued to pose as if he had just struck a bullseye. “What the hell was that Karamatsu?”
“I was not aiming for the board,” Karamatsu spun around to face Maaya. “I was aiming for your heart.”
Maaya had a blank look on her face before bursting out into laughter. “Oh. My. God. But you missed that too!” She doubled over with laughter.
“Ah, mistake!” Karamatsu cried out in fake misery. “Someday my darts of love will reach you.”
Choromatsu put his hand on Karamatsu shoulder, “Please don't throw darts at people.” He had a very serious look in his eyes.
Maaya wiped tears of laughter from her eyes. “You guys are funny. Do you go to school around here?”
“We have forsaken school, and choose the world of employment. We are actually construction workers.” Karamatsu replied.
“Oh yeah, how does your boss tell ya apart?” Maaya asked.
“Oh you offend me, can't you tell my roguish good looks from my brother?” Karamatsu put a hand against his chest as if he was in great pain.
“We are identical Karamatsu. We have the same looks.” Choromatsu sighed.
“Oh really? I don't think so.” Karamatsu stared at Choromatsu.
Maaya gave another laugh, “Ha, I can't tell ya guys apart at all. Hey Fumi-chan, can you?”
Fumi looked up and studied their faces for a moment. She pointed at Karamatsu, “That one has a huge ego.”
Maaya started laughing again. “That’s my Fumi-chan, always so blunt.”
The four spent some more time laughing and trying to play darts before the two girls had to leave. Karamatsu waved them off, “Goodbye my flowers!”
Maaya snorted with laughter as she left, “He called us flowers!”
Karamatsu and Choromatsu joined Hiroshi back at the table. Hiroshi looked at them both, “So how did it go?”
“It was marvelous! We had them laughing up a storm.” Karamatsu refilled his beer and started drinking again.
Choromatsu did the same, “I think they were laughing at us.”
“Does it matter why they were laughing, so long as we brought some joy into their lives?” Karamatsu smiled like he had figured something out. “Heh, they didn't even call me painful!”
“Oh, what an accomplishment.” Choromatsu replied drinking yet again. “We are going to do so bad the mixer, Todomatsu is going to scream at us.”
Hiroshi patted Choromatsu’s arm. “Don't stress out too much Choro-san. It'll be fine. Why don't we go over some conversation topics if you are so nervous?”
Choromatsu produced a notebook out of somewhere. “I think I should take notes…”
 
The evening was spent with Hiroshi helping Choromatsu come up with things to talk about. Karamatsu mostly listened in on their conversation, since obviously he needed no help, he was already excellent with women. As the afternoon wore on the group mostly ended up drinking more and more, until the three of them were pretty drunk.
“Kara, Choro! See ya guys at work tomorrow!” Hiroshi said his goodbyes as he stumbled out the door to the bar. Karamatsu and Choromatsu stumbled out the door in a similar fashion.
For once Choromatsu was more drunk than Karamatsu, so Karamatsu ended up giving his brother a piggyback ride home. He still wasn't feeling very well however, so it was at a very slow pace they plodded home. Choromatsu was half asleep on his back when Karamatsu found himself so overcome with exhaustion that he tripped and fell into the ground.
“Nii-san! That hurt.” Choromatsu grumbled, sitting on the ground next to where Karamatsu had fallen.
Karamatsu looked down. He had scraped his knee and it was bleeding a tiny bit. He didn't pay much mind to that, he was pretty used to being injured. He was more worried for his brother. “Ah, forgive me Choromatsu, are you alright?”
“I'm fine, let's get home, okay?” Choromatsu hopped back onto Karamatsu’s back. Karamatsu lost his balance once again and went crashing to the ground.
“Do you think we can take a break? I'm feeling a bit tired.” Karamatsu looked down at his hand that he had used to try and break his fall. It was all scraped up as well. He would definitely feel that in the morning.
“Okay, okay.” Choromatsu stumbled to a nearby bench and sat down. Karamatsu joined him, trying to gain back even a tiny bit of his strength. His whole body felt so heavy. He closed his eyes and had almost fallen asleep when Choromatsu started talking, “Hey, why have you been drinking so much?”
“I think you drank more than me tonight brother.”
“I don't mean tonight! I mean lately you've been drinking every night. Even if you are alone.” Choromatsu looked at his brother. “Are you okay?”
Karamatsu paused. When he told his brother any fraction of the truth it just seemed to upset him. He didn't want to see him cry anymore. It was just too painful. But if he didn't tell the truth, how could he ever expect Choromatsu to be honest with him? That gave him an idea, “I'll tell you if you tell me why you were upset with Osomatsu.”
Choromatsu pondered for a moment. “Alright I guess that's fair.”
Karamatsu smiled. Finally, some answers! Even if it was only a tiny bit of information, this could be helpful towards convincing Choromatsu to live. “So I've been drinking a lot to help ease the pain. Everyday is so painful. I'm so painful. I only wish for a small amount of time for peace.”
Choromatsu looked at Karamatsu. He almost looked like he was upset. Karamatsu bit his lip. Had that been too much truth again? Had his pain upset his brother?
Choromatsu looked away from him. “I'm sorry you feel that way. I guess I should have assumed that was the reason. You shouldn't drink so much. There must be something else you could do.”
“Something else?” Karamatsu pondered.
“Yeah, like why don't you work on your poetry or your songs? Something to help distract you from that pain? Like create something instead of hurting yourself.” Choromatsu nodded his head at his advice.
“That’s not a bad idea.” Karamatsu agreed. “So what about you? Why are you upset with Osomatsu?”
“I told you, I'm not…” Choromatsu looked grumpy. “It's complicated. I guess I had this feeling that if he hated me now, when I die he’d be less upset. That’s pretty stupid though…”
Karamatsu gripped the front of his shirt. It seemed that no matter what, Choromatsu was still focusing on his own death. Karamatsu didn't want him to think like that. “Brother, please make up with him!”
“Yeah, I know. I will. I don't want to cause you any more problems.” Choromatsu replied.
Karamatsu felt bad. He didn't want this to be about him. He wanted Choromatsu to make up with Osomatsu for his own reasons. That might be a bit difficult, so he could only accept this for now. “You aren't causing me any problems, but I'm glad you are making up with our dear eldest brother. I think I'm ready to go now.”
Karamatsu stood up, fully expecting Choromatsu to jump on his back once again. Instead Choromatsu stood up, managing to keep his balance. “I can walk, it's okay.”
 
They arrived back home shortly afterwards. Karamatsu threw open the door to the living room, “We have returned my dear brothers.”
He was met with four pairs of eyes glaring back at him. The atmosphere of the room was heavy. Karamatsu had almost forgotten that Choromatsu and Osomatsu still hadn't made up yet. Everyone was tense as Choromatsu shuffled in behind Karamatsu.
Choromatsu looked around the room. Osomatsu was sitting at the table looking at a newspaper. He didn't meet eyes with his younger brother. Osomatsu looked angry, like a volcano about to explode.
Choromatsu ran over to Osomatsu. He tightly wrapped his arms around him, “I'm sorry I've been grumpy! Please forgive me nii-san!”
Osomatsu looked positively shocked. “Choromatsu? Eh?”
“I was in a bad mood but it wasn't your fault. I'm so sorry, can you forgive me?” Choromatsu cried.
Osomatsu paused for a moment, but then ruffled Choromatsu’s hair. “Of course I forgive you. Aren't I the most merciful, bestest big brother?”
“Yeah.” Choromatsu agreed.
“So, since I forgave you, don't you think you should take your big brother to Pachinko tomorrow?”
Choromatsu laughed. “Of course.”
The atmosphere of the room lifted. Things felt bright and cheerful again. Karamatsu breathed a sigh of relief. Now maybe everything would be okay again. Right?



Chapter End Notes
Wow, look everything is happy!!
There is no way something terrible and angsty could happen now. Right? RIGHT?


Sleep Deprivation
Chapter Summary
Karamatsu doesn't get any sleep.
Chapter Notes
I wrote this after not sleeping for like 24 hours in a row I don't even know. Look at the end notes though I'm gonna put something amazing there.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




The morning sky was a brilliant display of colors, a soft pink blending into a purple. Eventually those colors would fade into the bright blue of dawn. That’s what Karamatsu was thinking as he sat on the roof watching the sun rise. Surely today would be a beautiful day.At least it would be, if Karamatsu had gotten even a wink of sleep. But he hadn't, which is why he was now watching the sun rise instead of being snug on the futon with the rest of his brothers. If anyone had noticed his absence from bed they didn't show it. No one else had appeared on the roof all night long. That was fine with Karamatsu. He had been working on a new poem. It was sure to be his finest masterpiece yet. It contained such moving words, such fine structure, it was the epitome of poetry! At least that's what Karamatsu told himself, as he held a pen in his hand, contemplating the next line of prose he would write.Any peace and quiet never lasted long for Karamatsu. A noise came from the opposite end of the roof. He looked over to see Ichimatsu climbing onto the roof. That was strange, he didn't come up here very often. Nor did he wake up this early. Karamatsu wondered if he was going to yell at him for something. Not that Karamatsu had been drinking, well not since he got back from the bar the night before. He was long sober now. Of course Ichimatsu always seemed to have a long laundry list of things to yell at Karamatsu about, so he would probably yell at him regardless.“Good morning brother!” Karamatsu called out as cheerfully as a sleep deprived person could.Ichimatsu looked at Karamatsu and said, “You look more shit than usual, Shittymatsu.”“Is that so? I guess I haven't been getting all my beauty sleep lately.” Karamatsu found it harder and harder to sleep every night. A combination of self hatred and worry for Choromatsu kept him awake. This was the first night he had gotten no sleep at all, however. He felt pretty shitty.“What are you writing?” Ichimatsu asked, pointing at the notebook in Karamatsu’s lap.“Some exquisite poetry. My finest work yet. It's not finished yet though.” Karamatsu beamed proudly at his work.“Can I read it?”Karamatsu’s eyebrows rose. Ichimatsu wanted to read his poem? Had he fallen asleep on the roof and this was all a dream? When was the last time Ichimatsu showed any interest in anything Karamatsu did? “Sure?” Karamatsu handed him his notebook.Ichimatsu’s eyes scanned the page quickly. It was like he was looking for something. When he was done he handed the notebook back to Karamatsu and said, “It's not terrible. Now go to sleep.”Ichimatsu walked away without another word. Now Karamatsu knew he must be dreaming. He pinched his cheeks. Ow! No, he was awake, and Ichimatsu had just practically complimented him? What?Maybe Ichimatsu was just sleepwalking or something. Karamatsu briefly debated on if he should go inside and sleep for the hour or so he had left until he had to go to work, but decided against it. That would probably just make him feel more tired in the end. Besides, he should finish his poem. It would be a good momento to leave behind when he died. The first and only poem his brother had ever complimented. “Hey, why didn't you eat breakfast?” Choromatsu asked as they walked to work. It was hot out already. The kind of hot that sticks to you and refuses to let go. Karamatsu felt like he could hardly breathe and was spacing out a bit, so he didn't really even hear the question. He looked at his brother with a bewildered expression on his face. Choromatsu groaned, “Karamatsu. You didn't eat breakfast. Why not?”“Ah, I guess my appetite wasn't the best this morning.” In truth he really just didn't even feel hungry. He probably should since he hadn't eaten since lunch yesterday, but there was no sensation of hunger at all. So it felt pointless to eat.“Is your knee okay?”Karamatsu looked at his brother with another confused look, “My knee?”“Yeah, you fell down last night and hurt your knee. Don't you remember?” Choromatsu narrowed his eyes at his brother. “Are you sure you are alright? You are acting stranger than normal.”Karamatsu vaguely recalled falling the night before when he was carrying Choromatsu home. He hadn't thought much of it at the time, nor had he realized that Choromatsu had even noticed. “It's fine, such a small cut could hardly make Karamatsu falter.”Choromatsu kept talking, probably lecturing Karamatsu about something by the tone of his voice, but he couldn't pay attention. He just let his brother’s voice wash over him like the ocean waves. Or maybe more like vines? Since he was green? Karamatsu chuckled to himself at that thought.He continued walking but was suddenly stopped by something pulling on his back. “Karamatsu where are you going?”Karamatsu turned around and looked at his brother who was eyeing him with concern. “You almost walked right past work.”Karamatsu looked to his side. “Heh, guess I wasn't paying attention.”Choromatsu held onto Karamatsu’s arms as if he was afraid he would wander away if he let go. He spoke in a stern voice, “Are you still drunk? Did you drink more after we got home? You can tell me, I won’t get mad at you I promise.”Karamatsu felt bad. He was making Choromatsu worry again. Why was he always doing that? He replied honestly, “I didn't drink, I just couldn't sleep. I had too many things on my mind. I apologize for making you worry.”“You don't have to apologize for that. Are you sure you aren't drunk? You are really out of it.”“I swear on my life, heh.” Karamatsu turned and walked into the construction site. “Let’s go, we don't want to be late for work.” The heat was so brutal. Karamatsu felt like he was sweating out of every pore on his body. He was attempting to carry some lumber over to some of his co-workers when he suddenly felt very odd. He felt almost cold? And his head felt light. His arms felt very weak and it was a struggle to even hold up the wood he was carrying. His ears started to ring. He tried to keep walking when his vision went completely white. He couldn't see? That couldn't be good.Suddenly he could hear a voice calling out to him. “Karamatsu? KARAMATSU?” It sounded very distant. Then he could feel someone shaking him, like they were trying to wake him up. Karamatsu opened his eyes and saw Choromatsu and several other of the construction workers looking down at him with worry. Choromatsu looked the most worried, he had tears in the corners of his eyes.Karamatsu pieced it together. He must've passed out. That was no good at all! Look how many people he was making worry about him! He was being such a burden again.Yuichi now appeared in his field of vision. He knelt down next to Karamatsu. “Hey, can ya hear me?”Karamatsu couldn't seem to get his voice to work so he just nodded his head. Yuichi looked up to the men around him, “He’ll be alright. So let's get back to work guys!”Yuichi scooped Karamatsu up into his arms and looked to Choromatsu, “Let’s bring him into the office, he probably just got overheated.”Karamatsu felt really small. They were talking about him like he wasn't even there! But he still couldn't find his voice. And his boss was carrying him! Karamatsu felt so guilty. Why did he constantly make things more difficult for everyone? If only he could've kept his body moving…“He didn't eat breakfast this morning either.” Choromatsu said as Yuichi carried him into the office. It was so much cooler inside, Karamatsu started to feel better almost immediately.“Is that true Karamatsu?” Yuichi sounded a bit angry now, but at least he was addressing Karamatsu directly.“I wasn't hungry…” Karamatsu finally managed to say as Yuichi placed him down on a chair.“Yo, Choromatsu, go call a taxi to take you boys home.” Yuichi called out.Choromatsu nodded and headed out of the trailer while Karamatsu let out a strangled, “Noooo!”Yuichi sighed. “You aren't feeling well so you need to go home and rest.”“I can still work! I'm not getting fired am I?” Karamatsu felt like he could cry. He didn't want to get fired from his first (and probably only) job because he had been too stupid to eat.Yuichi grabbed a water bottle from a mini fridge he kept near his desk. He handed it to Karamatsu and stood in front of him with his arms crossed. “Yer not getting fired. But I need to know Karamatsu, is something wrong? You've been out of sorts the past couple days. Did something happen?”What hadn't happened! But there wasn't anything Karamatsu could really tell Yuichi. He felt a sick feeling of shame bubbling up again. How many people would he make worry about him? He wasn't worth the concern. Karamatsu shook his head.“Well if ya need someone to talk to, I'm always here. I want to make sure all my employees are happy and healthy.” Yuichi gave Karamatsu a big smile. “So go home and rest, and tomorrow you can come back twice as strong!”“I will, boss!”“That a boy!” Yuichi clapped Karamatsu on the back. Choromatsu helped Karamatsu into the waiting taxi. The taxi had A/C, a rare luxury. Karamatsu spent most of the ride home just enjoying the cool air. He really felt much better already, he didn't think he had to rest. He could've worked more! Once they arrived back home Karamatsu got out of the cab himself. Choromatsu hovered around him. “Worry not brother, I can walk.”Choromatsu continued his hovering as they entered the house. “You don't know how scary that was! You just fell over! I was so worried about you. What if you had gotten injured?”“Heh, I get injuries all the time, you don't have to worry about that.” Karamatsu said as they entered the bedroom. Choromatsu only looked more worried at those words.“We should talk about that. And talk about you taking better care of yourself! You can't just not eat. You need to get proper sleep. What if something bad had happened to you?” Choromatsu lectured as Karamatsu sat down on the sofa.Karamatsu understood his brother’s concerns, but he already knew how much he had messed up. Now he just continued to feel more and more guilty. “Does it really matter that much if I'm going to die soon?” Karamatsu snapped.“Karamatsu…” Choromatsu looked down at his feet. He looked back up and looked like he was about to say something else when there was a noise of someone knocking at the front door. “Wait, just hold up a second.”Choromatsu left the room. Karamatsu felt a bit guilty for saying something like that. He shouldn't be acting like this. What if Choromatsu gave up all hope on living like he was? That wouldn't be good. He had to set a better example for his brother. Karamatsu clenched his fist. He would be better in the future, he swore it.Choromatsu returned to the room holding a box in his hand. A pizza box?  “You like pizza right? At least that's what you were saying the other day at the mall. You should eat, or you'll never feel better.” Choromatsu explained, opening the box and offering it to Karamatsu.Karamatsu took a slice and began eating it. It was warm and delicious. His stomach began to growl, reminding him of just how hungry he really was. “When did you order this?”“Well it was when I called the taxi. I thought you'd be hungry so I thought it would be nice surprise waiting for us when we got home.” Choromatsu took a slice and put the box down.Karamatsu could feel tears springing to his eyes. Not only had Choromatsu remembered that he liked pizza, he had even bought one for him as a surprise. No one had ever done something so nice and selfless for him before. It felt strange. It felt like Choromatsu really cared.“Listen Karamatsu nii-san. I feel like we have a lot we should talk about. I don't really know where to start but-”The door to the room slammed open. Osomatsu stood there, a smile on his face. “There you are Choromatsu, you said you were going to play Pachinko with me today.” Osomatsu paused when he noticed the pizza. “Oi, are you guys having a pizza party without me?”Choromatsu frowned. “Karamatsu wasn't feeling well, so we got a pizza.”“Hey, let your big brother have some!” Osomatsu walked forward making grabby hands at the pizza.“Before you take anything else from Karamatsu nii-san, why don't you pay him back that money you owe him?” Choromatsu put his hand on the pizza box, keeping Osomatsu from taking any.Karamatsu and Osomatsu both looked at Choromatsu with widened eyes. Choromatsu didn't normally act like this. “He can have a slice, it's just pizza after all, my dear brother,” Karamatsu said, trying to stop another argument before it even began.“Eh, it's not that important. C’mon Choromatsu, let's go play Pachinko.” Osomatsu started to pull on Choromatsu's arm.“But Karamatsu isn't feeling well.”“He'll be fine! He always is. Come on, you promised me!”Karamatsu could see Choromatsu getting angry about something again. He didn't want to see his brothers fighting again right after they had made up. “I'll be fine. I can look after myself, I am a bastion of strength!”“See, it's fine!” Osomatsu pulled Choromatsu up from the couch.“But…” Choromatsu seemed at a loss.“Let's go, let's go!” Osomatsu started to push Choromatsu towards the door.Karamatsu waved at his brother and smiled, “Go forth, and may lady luck be on your side.”With a final groan of resignation from Choromatsu, the two were out of the room. Karamatsu smiled. Choromatsu and Osomatsu should spend time together. It would make them both happy, and Karamatsu was fine on his own. He wasn't even really sick, he just needed to eat and sleep. Then he would be right as rain.Karamatsu polished off another few pieces of pizza and was thinking of taking a nap on the sofa when someone else entered the room. It was Todomatsu, tapping away at his phone. Todomatsu looked at Karamatsu and the pizza. “Hey, you aren't home very often during the day. Can I have some pizza?”“Certainly.” Karamatsu opened the box for him with a smile.“You don't look well, you aren't getting sick are you? The mixer is tomorrow.” Todomatsu grabbed a slice and started chowing down. Karamatsu didn’t think he liked pizza, but he seemed to be enjoying it well enough.“I may have succumbed to a bit of the heat earlier today, but I'm feeling much better now.” Karamatsu replied.“Did you wear your leather jacket out in this heat?” Todomatsu laughed, but didn't wait for an answer. “The mixer tomorrow is going to be great. I finally convinced these two cute college girls to come! So you better not mess this up for me, okay?”“Perish the thought. I shall not make a fool of myself or you.” Karamatsu nodded his head, putting a finger to his chin.“It was so hard to convince them too! This one girl kept laughing and asking if I had any brothers. I hope you appreciate how hard I'm working to put this all together.”“Of course, you have my boundless thanks and gratitude!” Karamatsu was happy, but still feeling a little nervous. This was an item on Choromatsu's bucket list after all. Once it was done all they had left to do was go to a Nyaa-chan concert and for Karamatsu to play a concert of his own. Karamatsu hadn't changed Choromatsu’s mind in the least. Could he really do this? Could he really save his brother?Todomatsu didn't seem to notice Karamatsu’s shift in mood. “Oh, I have something I have to do. Thank you for the pizza, I'll see you later!” Todomatsu walked away, still tapping on his phone.“Farewell brother!” Now that he was alone again, Karamatsu was really starting to feel his exhaustion hitting him hard. He probably should take a nap before anyone else came home. Karamatsu snuggled down on the couch and was out like a light.



Chapter End Notes
Look at this primo Choromatsu and Karamatsu angst I found on tumblr by rainboweem and pippa-frost  First Comic Second Comic Third Comic Please send to me all your Choromatsu angst and/or pictures of Choromatsu crying. I am fueled by angst.


Hope
Chapter Summary
Karamatsu looks for help online. Todomatsu regrets letting Choromatsu and Karamatsu come to his mixer.
Chapter Notes
Sorry it took me two days to get this chapter up but it's super long, so that makes it worth it, right?

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Karamatsu awakened from his nap, but he wasn't in the mood to actually get up. Someone had covered him with a blanket while he was sleeping, despite it being so warm out. It was the thought that counts, he guessed, but he was starting to sweat. He locked himself into a battle between wanting to stay still and escaping the heat. In the end the heat won out, and Karamatsu was forced to open his eyes and move the blanket off himself.He sat up and stretched his arms over his head. That little nap had really refreshed him. Karamatsu felt ready to run a five kilometer marathon. Not that he would run a marathon, but he totally could if he had to. Karamatsu looked around the bedroom and noticed Ichimatsu quietly sitting in one corner of the room playing with a cat. He had a feather, and he kept moving it around on the ground. The cat would pounce on it like it was it’s prey. It was amusing to watch. Karamatsu was a bit jealous of Ichimatsu’s ability to get along with cats.Karamatsu had nothing else to do at that moment, so he ended up leaning back against an armrest and stretched out across the couch. He took out his phone. He had a couple of text messages, all from Choromatsu of course. He read through them all.“Sorry Karamatsu! I didn't want to leave but I don't want to argue with Osomatsu either. If you need anything, I'll be back so quick, just let me know!”“I know you are probably napping, but listen to this. Osomatsu actually keeps winning. You know how he is, he won’t stop until he goes bust. We might be here awhile.”“Ha! Osomatsu took me drinking! We are gonna party. Wooo!”Karamatsu laughed. It seemed like Choromatsu was having fun even if he had been so reluctant to go at first. Karamatsu texted him back, “I just woke up. I feel much better now. Have fun! B)”Karamatsu looked at his phone and recalled something. He had used this phone in the first place to find that forum full of suicidal people. Perhaps he could use it to help find a way to save Choromatsu? There had to be information regarding such a thing online! The internet surely had a whole wealth of knowledge just waiting for Karamatsu to discover it.He started searching up various things, but not much was really helpful. There was a list of symptoms of depression that caught his eye. Feeling things like worthless or guilty. Feeling hopeless. Feeling empty. A nagging feeling was tugging at Karamatsu, but he chose to ignore it. His own emotions didn't really seem to matter in this case. He had a reason to feel that way after all. He was worthless. He was empty inside.Karamatsu tried searching something else instead. He searched for “How to help a suicidal person.” There were quite a few results. He clicked on one of them and started reading down the list. He furrowed his brow. There was a lot of talk about getting professional help, but that didn't seem possible. Not without his own intentions being discovered. There were also questions he could ask, like “Why do you want to do this?” or “Do you have a plan or time set up?” He already knew Choromatsu wouldn't tell him why. He was pretty sure he had no plan, and they hadn't set up a time. Karamatsu would avoid doing any of that for as long as possible. He didn't want to give Choromatsu any ideas. The rest of the tips were all about listening and comforting the suicidal person. Well Karamatsu was doing a terrible job at that. He really had to try harder. He had to be more understanding. He had to get Choromatsu to open up with him and talk about his reasons. Then maybe he could actually help him more. He could show him that life is worth living.Karamatsu should've known that there were no easy answers. There was no magical way to help Choromatsu that would make him happy and want to live. It was a bit disheartening that he was so powerless to help. If he had been someone else, then maybe Choromatsu would be able to talk to him. Karamatsu would just have to push him a bit, and try to get him to talk. He really had no other options left to him.In a bit of frustration Karamatsu searched for “How to save a life.” A song in English popped up in the search results. Maybe that could be helpful? He didn't want to just start playing music with Ichimatsu in the room. Well he had headphones somewhere right? Karamatsu glanced away from his phone that he had been holding over his head and saw Ichimatsu standing over him with his cat nestled in his arms.Ow! Karamatsu was startled and dropped his phone on his face. It bounced and landed on the ground next to the couch. Ichimatsu went to pick it up, but Karamatsu quickly snatched it up first. He didn't want his brother to see what he had been searching. He turned the screen off and looked at Ichimatsu, “Heh, I didn't see you there brother. Is something the matter?”Ichimatsu glared at him. “What were you doing on your phone for so long Shittymatsu?”“Ah, nothing of great consequence, just merely wasting some time looking up the latest in men’s fashion.” Karamatsu nodded his head. As he was talking his phone buzzed in his hand. He looked down and noticed he had a new text message from Choromatsu.He opened it up. “Heeeeeey, Shittymatsu. We are drunk hahahahaga : >” There was a picture attached of Choromatsu and Osomatsu both holding up beers. They were smiling and laughing. It warmed Karamatsu’s heart to see his brother so happy. Perhaps if he couldn't help Choromatsu, Osomatsu could.“Look at what a wonderful time our brothers are having!” Karamatsu held up his phone so Ichimatsu could see.“Oh yeah I guess. Hey do you want to go play Pachinko tomorrow night?” Ichimatsu asked.Karamatsu’s heart about stopped in his chest. Ichimatsu had complimented his poem this morning, and now he was inviting him out? He pinched his cheek again. Ow! No he wasn't asleep this time either.“Tch. You don't have to look so surprised. I just thought it would be fun.” Ichimatsu grumbled, looking away from Karamatsu.“Ah, well I'm very sorry, but I must decline at this time. I already have plans for tomorrow night and I simply can't cancel.” Karamatsu felt bad turning him down, but the mixer was tomorrow and he couldn't miss that.“What could you possibly be busy with?” Ichimatsu asked.“Ah, nothing of grave consequence. Just something I can't cancel now. We can play Pachinko on Saturday if you would like?” Karamatsu gave Ichimatsu a suave smile.Ichimatsu was about to reply when the door to the living room burst open. “Nii-san!” Jyushimatsu shouted as he rolled, quite literally, into the room.Jyushimatsu popped up with his arms in the air. “Good evening! Hey, hey, where is everyone?”“Well Choromatsu and Osomatsu went out to play Pachinko and are enjoying a few drinks as we speak. I do not know the whereabouts of Totty however.” Karamatsu replied, a bit happy for the distraction. Talking one on one with Ichimatsu was always so stressful. It was like he could tell when Karamatsu was lying.“Oh, well then let's go to the bathhouse!” It was rare for just the three of them to go out anywhere, but Karamatsu was happy for this opportunity. Ichimatsu was even in a good mood. At least as good of a mood as he could possibly be. Karamatsu couldn't help but to smile. It was really nice to have time like this. Time where he didn't feel like a burden to his brothers. It felt like something had changed recently but he couldn't quite pinpoint the cause.After a nice bath they headed back home. Osomatsu and Choromatsu were already home as well, sitting around the table in the living room. Osomatsu was loudly complaining, “I could've won if you let me bet one more time! We'd be rich then!”“Ha!” Choromatsu laughed and pointed a finger at Osomatsu, “If you were rich you'd still just use all your money to gamble. Get a job!”“Never!” Osomatsu scratched his nose.Choromatsu noticed the others entering the living room. “Karamatsu nii-san! Are you feeling better? You didn't pass out again did you?”Everyone stared at Karamatsu as he sat down at the table next to Choromatsu. Karamatsu didn't really want everyone to worry about him and start asking questions, but it couldn't be helped now, could it? He put on his best cool guy act and responded, “I only swoon at the sight of beautiful women, so I have found myself feeling much better, heh.”“Well take care of yourself,” Osomatsu said. “You don't want to get sick.”“I will take the utmost care to not let my body fall into such a weakened state again.” Karamatsu declared.Todomatsu arrived home soon after that, and the sextuplets had a fun evening playing some card games. Night time rolled around, and soon they all headed to bed together. Things felt ordinary. Things felt nice. Karamatsu snuggled into the futon between Ichimatsu and Todomatsu and closed his eyes. He thought briefly on all the nice things that had happened that day. It wasn't often he had such nice thoughts in his head. Without much to worry about, he quickly fell asleep. Karamatsu awoke on the morning of the mixer with a renewed spirit. Today was going to be amazing too! He could hear birds chirping outside his window and the sun was shining brightly. He woke Choromatsu up and after a quick breakfast with their mother they headed off to work.Karamatsu was determined to do his best today to make up for passing out the day before. He made sure to go the extra mile, and several times even asked Yuichi if there were any other tasks he could help out with. Work seemed to pass by in a flash. Before he knew it he was changing and getting ready to leave.“Ya did good today kid.” Yuichi smiled as he paid Karamatsu and Choromatsu for the day. “Ya look much better too. I'm glad yer feeling better.”“I just do my best, boss.” Karamatsu gave a sly grin.“I'll see you boys back here on Monday. Enjoy yer weekend off.” Yuichi said, before heading back into his office.Choromatsu breathed deeply. “Ah, it's gonna be nice to have two days off to rest.”“Yes, but even better we have the mixer to look forward to tonight.” Karamatsu walked forward outside the construction site. “Aren't you excited as well?”“I'm a bit nervous, but I'm sure it'll be fine. I mean it'll probably be just like when we talked to those girls at the bar right?” Choromatsu walked next to his brother, keeping pace with him.“Yes, but I look forward to dazzling more young women with my elegant speech.” Karamatsu winked.“No, please don't.”They arrived home to find the house empty. There were still a few hours until the mixer, so Karamatsu went and got out his mirror and some of his other beauty products. He had lotions, perfumes, hair gel, and of course a bright blue nail polish. Nail polish just wasn't for girls after all! This shade of blue would perfectly compliment his outfit for the night. Yes, even without a trace of glitter he would still shine.So Karamatsu sat at the living room table and got to work. After making sure his hair was perfect, Karamatsu applied the nail polish. He sat still and waited for it to dry. He hadn't noticed since he was so absorbed in himself, but Choromatsu was pacing around the room. “My dear brother, you should calm down.”“I am calm!” Choromatsu said, clearly not calm in the slightest.“I can paint your nails as well. I think I have some green nail polish somewhere.” Karamatsu offered.“Isn't that kinda girly?” Choromatsu walked back and forth at a quickening pace.“Non, non, non. It is stylish! I read all about it in a magazine!” Karamatsu patted the ground next to him. “You will be the most handsome man there. Next to me of course.”“We are identical!” Choromatsu sat down anyway. “But whatever. You can paint my nails.”Karamatsu grinned with delight. “You won’t regret this!” He stood up and rushed off to find some green nail polish. He came back with a shade that would match the green plaid shirt Choromatsu was going to be wearing. Choromatsu held out his hands and let his brother paint his nails. He kept fidgeting a bit from his nerves, but Karamatsu was able to do a pretty nice job. He had never painted someone else’s nails before. It was fun.“Now stay still and let it dry or the nail polish will smudge.” Karamatsu instructed once he was finished.Choromatsu put his hands across the table and put his head down. “Is this what girls do all the time? What a pain!”“Beauty is pain!” Karamatsu announced.“You are pain!” Choromatsu said as he laughed.Karamatsu found himself laughing as well. Even if Choromatsu was complaining, he seemed to be having fun.The afternoon wore on, and Karamatsu got changed into his outfit for the evening. It was perfect. He had a graphic t-shirt that had a skull surrounded by blue roses. Over that he would wear a black button down shirt with the sleeves rolled up, of course. Then there were his black jeans and boots. Yes, he was sexy. No one could withstand his smoldering looks.Karamatsu stood dramatically with one hand over his head, and his other on his chin. He was looking so good. Todomatsu entered their bedroom and paused, “Uh, what are you doing Karamatsu?”

 “I'm posing for my Karamatsu Fans.” Karamatsu said as he winked.“But there is no one here. Oh never mind I'll never understand you.” Todomatsu was wearing his normal outfit of a white shirt with a pink tie. “Your outfit looks nice. I'm surprised you didn't try to wear anything with your face on it.”“My underwear has my face on them, heh.”“Way too much information.” Todomatsu sighed. “I have so many regrets about agreeing to this.”“Life is too short for regrets, brother. Let us go out and enjoy this night of passion!” Karamatsu marched out of the room.After they retrieved Choromatsu, who had gone back to pacing in the living room, they set off for the bar the mixer would be held at. Todomatsu walked a bit ahead of his two older brothers. He kept looking back and saying things like, “Don't use any flowery talk Karamatsu!” Or “Don't drool over the cute girls Choromatsu!” They eventually arrived at a small nice looking bar. Todomatsu looked at Karamatsu and Choromatsu. He spoke one final piece of advice. “Maybe you both just shouldn't talk at all.”“Totty, I can't do that. Words flow from within like a spring.” Karamatsu said seriously.Choromatsu placed a hand on Todomatsu’s shoulder, “At least you'll look really good by comparison.”Todomatsu sighed. “Let's just do this.”The group walked inside. The bar was rather large. There were many rooms set off to the side for larger groups to meet in. In front of one of the rooms Karamatsu recognized one of Todomatsu’s friends, Atsushi. Karamatsu went to wave at him, but then he noticed two more people he recognized.“Karamatsu! Choromatsu!” A very loud yet familiar voice called out to him. It was Maaya and Fumi, the two girls Karamatsu had practiced talking to at the bar the other day. Maaya waved at the them, and Karamatsu noticed she was wearing a much more daring outfit than before. She had on a red camisole that paired well with her black skirt. Behind her was Fumi, who was wearing a much more subdued outfit of a pink v-neck shirt and a long skirt with a floral pattern.Karamatsu waved back and started walking towards them, “Surely this must be destiny for us to meet again like this, my flowers!”Choromatsu and Todomatsu followed behind their older brother. Todomatsu went and stood next to his friend Atsushi while Karamatsu shook hands with Maaya. Karamatsu saw the look of disbelief on Todomatsu face. This was certainly an amusing situation.“So you are triplets?” Fumi asked, still slightly behind Maaya.“Non, non, non, mon cherie! We are sextuplets!” Karamatsu declared.“Ya gotta be kidding me! There are six of you?” Maaya started laughing like she was prone to.“Yes, but don't say it like that. Haven't we already established that I'm the most handsome?” Karamatsu struck a pose.Maaya clutched her side as she laughed. “I'm glad ta see ya haven't lost your jokes. So how has work been? Did you bring your co-worker with you, what was his name?”“Heh, well work has been fine. Hiroshi is actually engaged so he has little need to come to something like this.” Karamatsu explained.Something hit Karamatsu’s arm. He looked to his side and saw Choromatsu with a frantic look on his face. He whispered into Karamatsu’s ear, “Shh! Todomatsu doesn't know about our job.”Oh right. Karamatsu looked over to his other brother who was staring with his mouth wide open. Oh no. Todomatsu had found out about their job. Or maybe he was still in shock seeing that Karamatsu knew Maaya and Fumi. In any case, this probably wasn't good.Maaya didn't seem to notice that anything was strange, and walked up to Choromatsu. “Hey, are ya telling secrets? Oh Choro-kun, I gotta tell you something good.” Maaya started to pull on Choromatsu’s arm. “Ya won’t believe what Fumi-chan said about your brother. Hey Kara-kun, entertain Fumi-chan while I kidnap your brother for a bit!”“It would be my pleasure.” Karamatsu turned to Fumi. “Fumi-chan, why don't you sit down, I'll get you a drink. Is there anything you would like?”“Uh, something sweet please?” Fumi looked a bit unsure now that her friend was gone, but went back into the room where everyone else was gathered.Karamatsu made finger guns at Todomatsu, who had his extremely pissed off face on, and turned around to go get some drinks at the bar. He heard Atsushi’s voice behind him, “Oh, Todomatsu-san, I didn't know your brothers were so popular with the ladies.” Karamatsu swore he could hear Todomatsu grinding his teeth. Karamatsu went to the bar and ordered two Long Island Iced Teas. He didn't know much about sweet drinks, so he could only hope Fumi would like it.He walked back to the group. Todomatsu and Atsushi had gone into the room already, so Karamatsu went in as well. The room was a bit crowded, but he spotted Fumi sitting all the way at the back, at the end of the table. As he walked over to her, Karamatsu noticed that Atsushi already had most of the girls in attendance paying attention to him, while Todomatsu sat next to him with a cute smile on his face. Karamatsu could see the barely restrained rage hiding under that adorable act.Karamatsu set down the drinks in front of Fumi and sat down next to her. She was looking at something on her phone, and was slightly startled by Karamatsu’s sudden appearance. “Oh, uh, you're back. Can I ask you something?”“Anything my dear.” Karamatsu took a drink of his beverage. It hardly even tasted alcoholic despite the rather large amount of liquor it contains. He hoped that Fumi would enjoy it.“What are you supposed to do at a mixer?” Fumi took a small sip of her drink, as if testing to see if she would like it. She then took a much longer sip. Karamatsu assumed that meant she liked it.“Heh, I have no idea.” Karamatsu admitted.“Oh, this is my first time at one. Maaya-chan was the one who wanted to come but the Pink Demon wanted us both to come.”“Pink Demon?”  Karamatsu asked.Fumi pointed towards Todomatsu. “Yeah. He didn't even want to admit he had brothers. Anyway, so I guess I have no idea what people do at mixers. I thought I would look it up online but there isn't like a strategy guide or anything.” Fumi looked frustrated.Fumi reminded Karamatsu of Choromatsu a bit. “Ah, do you have social anxiety?”“Oh, I guess so. I don't like big groups of people. I'd rather talk to people online. It's easier.” Fumi held tightly onto her phone, like it was a lifeline for her.Karamatsu didn't spend much time online so the idea of interacting with people mostly online was foreign to him. He had only ever really talked to people online on that forum he had joined. “Hm, I see. How do you talk to these people online?”“Oh well, um, like on Twitter and LINE and stuff like that.”Karamatsu had heard of Twitter before. He knew both Todomatsu and Choromatsu used it. “What's LINE?”“What?” Fumi gasped. “You've never heard of LINE? Do you live under a rock?”“I only just recently gained access to the internet with my smart phone. The world wide web is like a web of mystery to me.” Karamatsu took out his phone, smiling at his little sunglasses emoji charm that still hung from it.“Wow, I've heard of people like you.” Fumi put a finger to her chin. “Hey, I can make you an account so we can talk later on, okay?”“Oh, sure?” Karamatsu handed her his phone.He was a bit confused by all this technology stuff, but did Fumi basically just say she wanted to talk to him more? Did that mean she enjoyed their conversations? Was he not being painful? He watched as Fumi opened up the app store on his phone and started downloading something. While she was busy, Karamatsu took a look over at Todomatsu. Todomatsu was still smiling like he always did, but he was stabbing at a lemon in his drink with a toothpick umbrella.“Okay, what do you want your name to be?” Fumi asked, drawing Karamatsu’s attention back.“MyLightShines, or no. How about MatsunoKaramatsu?” He probably shouldn't use the same name he used on that forum. He didn't want to connect his real identity with that place, after all.“Okay, now we can talk whenever you want.” Fumi handed Karamatsu his phone back. “Look I sent you a message.”Karamatsu looked and saw he did have a message from a user called MeganeHakka. LINE seemed to be a lot like texting. The message was just a simple “Hi,” and then an image of a bunny with sparkles all around it appeared. It was honestly pretty cute. “You are very good with technology, Fumi-chan.”“I should be, I'm a world class hacker.” Fumi pushed her glasses up with one finger and laughed. “Just kidding!” The evening seemed to go very quickly as Karamatsu spent time chatting with Fumi, and later on Maaya and Choromatsu once they returned from whatever conversation they had been having earlier. It was actually a lot of fun, even if Todomatsu kept shooting them death glares.The time came to leave, and after saying goodbye to their new friends, Karamatsu, Choromatsu, and Todomatsu all started back home together.“So.” Todomatsu looked at his older brothers with an evil glint in his eyes as they walked down the street. “What's this about a job?”Karamatsu had all but forgotten that Todomatsu had heard that earlier. He gulped and came up with a quick lie, “Heh, we simply told them that to impress them, like you do when you tell people you are actually in college.”Todomatsu’s face softened. “Oh, so that's all that was. I guess I taught my big brothers something useful after all. Oh man if you guys actually had jobs, Osomatsu would probably explode from anger.”Karamatsu remembered the last time, when Choromatsu had gotten his job and moved out. Osomatsu had handled the whole situation rather poorly. No scratch that, he handled it in the worst way possible. Karamatsu didn't want a repeat of those events again. Karamatsu scratched the back of his head and replied, “Heh, don't worry we are just a couple of worthless NEETs.”They all arrived back home, and Karamatsu quickly changed into his pajamas and crashed into the futon. The past few days had been so fun. So pleasant. Karamatsu thought briefly on trying to talk to Choromatsu the next day. He had to take all this positive energy and show Choromatsu that life was worth living.He would make sure that they both lived.



Chapter End Notes
Remember that when Karamatsu joined that forum for suicidal people his username was MyLightShinesForYou. That's what he was referring to in this chapter if you forgot.Also don't worry about Karamatsu like falling in love with Fumi or something dumb like that. There is no time for romance. ONLY ANGST. This was all just for developing the plot I swear I'm going somewhere with this. So I want you to remember this hopeful and happy Karamatsu and hold him dear in your hearts.Because next chapter...oh no.


The Choromatsu Incident
Chapter Summary
Choromatsu snaps
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Karamatsu sat on the windowsill of the sextuplet’s bedroom looking at pictures on his phone. It was miraculous the amount of images that came up just by simply searching the terms “glitter pants.” There were so many pants. He paused as he looked at a lovely pair of leggings that looked like fish scales. They glistened like a rainbow. Karamatsu would love to wear those, he would be just like a mermaid. Oh, how his Karamatsu Girls would flock to him like a school of fish, they would see how he shimmered and just couldn't resist him. Oh, but why did these pants only come in women’s sizes? That had to be a mistake.
But Karamatsu was just distracting himself. He couldn't think of a way to approach a very sensitive topic with Choromatsu. That topic being that they should call off their suicide pact. He didn't want to upset his dear brother, that might make him do something drastic. Karamatsu couldn't let that happen, he wouldn't lose his brother.Maybe he should ask for help. Karamatsu looked up from his phone and saw Osomatsu lying on his stomach, laughing and reading a manga or something. Maybe Osomatsu could help him? But that would mean explaining their whole suicide pact to begin with. A hot feeling of shame burned in Karamatsu’s stomach. He would try that as a last resort. There were other things he could try first.Karamatsu took a look over at Choromatsu, who was sitting on the couch with a magazine in his hands. He didn't appear to be actually reading it, just blankly staring and idly flipping the pages now and then. Karamatsu wished he was a mind reader, he wanted to know just what his brother was thinking. He wanted to know why he was wearing such a contemplative expression on his face. There was so much he wanted to know.Karamatsu looked around the bedroom once again, just looking at all his brothers. It was nice that everyone was just sitting quietly and enjoying themselves. Peace and serenity. Although Ichimatsu wasn't around. Karamatsu wondered where he had gone. Probably to feed some cats. He wondered if Ichimatsu still wanted to go play Pachinko tonight.As if on cue, Ichimatsu entered the room. He was carrying in his hand one of Karamatsu’s mirrors. That was strange. Why would he have that? It was Karamatsu’s favorite mirror actually. The frame was a lovely shade of blue, his mother had given it to him for his birthday many years ago. Karamatsu fondly remembered practicing lines for plays in it back when he was in high school. It was probably one of his most treasured items.So why was Ichimatsu carrying it across the bedroom with such an unreadable expression on his face?And why was he now holding it up high?Why did he let go of it?The mirror crashed to the ground. The cracking noise was quite loud and everyone had turned to look at Ichimatsu. Karamatsu was more focused on the mirror on the ground. And how it was shattered. 
Broken.
 
Karamatsu wanted to scream at Ichimatsu. Why would he break his favorite mirror! He had no reason to! This wasn't like when Ichimatsu had broken one of his many pairs of sunglasses, or other inconsequential items. This was more deliberate. Karamatsu narrowed his eyes at the broken mirror. He couldn't fix it, there was nothing to be done. It would be best to just ignore Ichimatsu rather than further invoke his rage.
“What the hell Ichimatsu?!” Choromatsu had jumped to his feet and started approaching Ichimatsu, his eyes ablaze and his hands balled up into fists.“Ah, it's okay Choromatsu, I'm sure our dear brother just broke it by mistake.” Karamatsu said, trying to defuse the situation.Ichimatsu crossed his arms across his chest, and looked directly at Karamatsu. “No. I broke it. On purpose.”Karamatsu could feel rage boiling up inside him again. He pushed it back down. Way back down inside. There was no reason to get angry, it didn't matter that much anyway, it was just a stupid mirror…“Why would you do that?!” Choromatsu stood right next to Ichimatsu, his face turning bright red.“Why indeed?" Ichimatsu glared at Karamatsu still, not even glancing at the fuming Choromatsu next to him.Karamatsu searched his mind for a reason for his brother’s sudden destructive streak. Nothing came to mind. In fact, Ichimatsu had been pleasant the last few days. So why this now? Karamatsu’s eyes darted down to the broken mirror again. “Well, the reason doesn't matter, beauty is fleeting in this world anyway, so it is inevitable that-”“Ugh! Go die Shittymatsu!” Ichimatsu yelled.Go die? Karamatsu felt a sudden pang in his heart. Why would Ichimatsu say that? Hadn't they been getting along? Ichimatsu’s expression changed slightly, but before Karamatsu could process what that might mean, Choromatsu swung his fist and punched Ichimatsu directly in the eye.Ichimatsu staggered back, lost his footing and fell to the ground. Choromatsu leapt after him and pinned him to floor. Ichimatsu looked terrified, and Choromatsu started to scream, “Fuck you! FUCK YOU! How could you say that to him?! What if he actually died?!”Choromatsu’s fist rose above his head, preparing for another strike, but Karamatsu had already gotten up. He strode across the room and grabbed Choromatsu by his arm and started dragging him out of the room. Choromatsu continued to scream, “Fuck you! Fuck you!” As Karamatsu slammed the door behind them and pulled Choromatsu down the stairs.“Put your shoes on.” Karamatsu demanded as they reached the entrance way.“No, let me go!” Choromatsu struggled against Karamatsu’s grip on his arm.“I said, put your shoes on.” Karamatsu ordered in a much firmer voice. “We are going for a walk.”Choromatsu yielded, and put his shoes on. Karamatsu slid his own on as well, and lead Choromatsu out of the house. Choromatsu's anger had started to dissipate, he had started to cry instead. Big tears started to roll down his cheeks as he trembled and whimpered. 
Karamatsu felt terrible as he walked down the street, Choromatsu in tow. Choromatsu was rubbing at his eyes and trying to wipe away tears that were replaced by new ones just as quickly. “He told you to go die...” Choromatsu cried.
Karamatsu slumped slightly as he walked. It seemed that Ichimatsu had only been pretending to be nice the previous day. But why? Was it just so he could inevitably hurt Karamatsu more in the end? That didn't make sense, but when did Ichimatsu’s actions ever really make sense? It did prove one thing. Karamatsu had been wrong all along. Things weren't getting better. His brothers didn't really care about him. Well, no, it was probably just because Karamatsu himself was too painful to even be worth caring about. He couldn't place the blame on them. He was the worthless one, after all.That had to be the truth.The two brothers ended up at a nearby park again. There were children running around and playing on the playground equipment. They were shouting and laughing with delight. It was a stark contrast to how Karamatsu felt inside. Choromatsu looked a bit anxious, or maybe embarrassed to be crying in public. He wiped his eyes one last time, and no more tears fell. His face was still red however.Karamatsu sat under the shade of a nearby tree, a bit further away from where the children were playing, and Choromatsu joined him. Karamatsu finally spoke, “You shouldn't hit our brothers.”Choromatsu let out a small noise of disgust. “You hit Osomatsu before. We all hit each other.”“Osomatsu deserved it that time.”“Yeah well Ichimatsu deserved it for breaking your stuff.” Choromatsu grumbled. “He’s too cruel. Breaking your mirror and then telling you to die.”Karamatsu clenched his fist. He thought about how just before the whole incident, he had been thinking about calling off the whole suicide pact. Now he felt twice as worthless as before. It really would make his brothers happier if he died. That's what they wanted right? But Choromatsu still had to live. He deserved that. But doesn't that mean Karamatsu was back at square one again? Karamatsu felt completely lost. He didn't even know what to say.Choromatsu picked up his slack. “Can I ask you a question? Not about why you want to die or anything, but um,” Choromatsu paused, looking up at the leaves on the tree above. “Have you ever tried to kill yourself before?”Karamatsu hadn't expected that question now. It seemed Choromatsu had something on his mind. Maybe Karamatsu could get him to talk. “I thought about it. I even wrote a note. I...I was going to slit my wrists open. But I didn't get that far. I ended up drinking too much and passed out.” Karamatsu grabbed a hold of his wrist, thinking of the painful memory.“Oh. Well I'm glad you didn't hurt yourself.” Choromatsu's voice was sad. “I tried to kill myself before actually.”Karamatsu turned his head to face his brother, biting his lip. He hadn't expected to hear that. Is that what had been on Choromatsu’s mind all day? Karamatsu could feel his heart beating out of control. Had Choromatsu really done something to hurt himself before? “You did?”“I have to confess something to you. I lied before when I told you the reason why I was afraid I was going to be fired from my last job.” Choromatsu let out a deep breath before continuing. “It's hard to talk about, but back when I moved out I was very stressed out. I started wanting to die not long afterwards, but I don't want to talk about that. At work I felt a lot of pressure. One day my boss told me I was in charge of a large presentation for a very important client. This was my time to shine, to prove I was a good employee. But I couldn't do it. I froze.”“So what happened brother?” Karamatsu asked.“Well it was the day before the presentation. I knew I wasn't going to get it done. I was going to fail. Everyone would be so mad at me. I couldn't do it anymore. I couldn't fail like that. So I took a whole bunch of sleeping pills. I went to sleep with the intention of never waking up again.”Karamatsu grasped the front of his shirt. Choromatsu had done something like that? Karamatsu felt like a vine of thorns had grown in his chest and had wrapped around his heart. Choromatsu could’ve died. Karamatsu imagined getting such horrible news back when he was living with Chibita. The vine around his heart constricted more. That would’ve been terrible.Choromatsu continued, “But I did wake up. I slept for a really long time and then woke up feeling sick. My stomach hurt and I couldn't stop shaking. But even worse is that I had missed the presentation and hadn't even shown up at work. My boss and co-workers had all left me so many angry messages. I failed everyone. I fucked up that important meeting. I even failed at dying.” Choromatsu put his head in his hands. “I'm such a failure.”Karamatsu put his arm around Choromatsu’s shoulder and pulled him in closer. “You’re not a failure. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry you went through that. I'm glad you didn't die.”“Thanks…” Choromatsu said. “I guess that's why I just snapped at Ichimatsu today. He shouldn't say such cruel things to you. He shouldn't tell you to go die. You already want to die! Can't he see that he's making everything worse!”“Well, he doesn't know that. He’s just being Ichimatsu. It's fine.” Karamatsu said.“It’s not fine! I'm so angry. If only everyone would treat you nicer, then...!” Choromatsu let out a small incoherent scream.“It's really okay brother. Don't be so angry for my sake. I'm not worth all those emotions.” Karamatsu didn't want to keep seeing Choromatsu so upset.“You are though! I wish you could see that.” Choromatsu hung his head. “I don't want to go home.”“It might be for the best if we didn't.” Karamatsu said. “They are all probably pretty angry with us.”“Well angry with me. You didn't do anything wrong.” Choromatsu said.Karamatsu could argue that his continued existence was wrong, but now wasn't the time. He had to cheer Choromatsu up. “I think I have an idea.” 
“Chibita!” Karamatsu kneeled in the entrance way of his friend's house. “Please let us stay with you!” Karamatsu bowed down.
“Eeeeh? This again?” Chibita sighed. “What happened this time?”Choromatsu, who was standing in the doorway, replied, “We got in a fight with our brothers.”“Well go make up with them you idjits!” Chibita said.“It's not that simple. Please, just one night.” Karamatsu begged.“Fine, but don’t say I never did anything for ya.”At his words, Karamatsu leapt up and wrapped his arms around the smaller man. “You are truly a man of honor, a friend above all else, a-”“Yeah, yeah, I'm the best.” Chibita pulled away from Karamatsu’s hug. “I have to go get my stand set up for tonight. Don't mess with my stuff while I'm gone.”Karamatsu and Choromatsu spent a rather quiet day in Chibita’s house. His house was rather small, but it was better than being out in the heat all day. Karamatsu remembered how he used to stand outside all day trying to find his “Karamatsu Girls,” or holding a sign for free hugs. No one ever took him up on that offer. He was probably too painful to hug.“Hey, should I call home and let them know where we are?” Choromatsu asked around dinner time.“Will they even notice if we don't go home?” Karamatsu wondered.“Huh? Of course they will.” Choromatsu looked confused.“I doubt it. I once spent nearly two days out of the house and no one noticed.”“What? When was that?”“See, no one will notice if we don't go home.” Karamatsu concluded.Choromatsu gulped and raised his hand as if he intended to say more, but he didn't say anything else. Karamatsu didn't really expect anyone to remember that day he was talking about anyway. It wasn't important now. It was just another day where he was worthless, after all.Choromatsu fell asleep rather early. He must’ve been emotionally drained. Karamatsu knew he'd never fall asleep, so he left a short note for his brother and went out for a walk. 
The night sky was cloudy. The lights of the city were bright however. Karamatsu had ended up walking a bit further than he meant to. He wanted to stop in at a bar, but that probably wasn't the best idea. If he drank he'd end up worrying Choromatsu, no doubt. So he ended up in a small convenience store and bought a pack of cigarettes. The smell would be easier to hide than him coming back drunk. It was only a little comfort, but he would take anything that might ease his mind.
It had started to rain by the time he exited the store. Karamatsu was a bit glad he was wearing his leather jacket. He ducked into a nearby alley under an awning. He lit a cigarette and stood against the wall of some building. It had been a long day.Karamatsu’s phone buzzed in his pocket. He took it out thinking Choromatsu must’ve texted him. But it wasn't Choromatsu at all. It was a message from the LINE app. 
MeganeHakka: Hey, Kara-kun, remember me?

MatsunoKaramatsu: Of course I do, my flower. How have you been?

MeganeHakka: Good. Just busy with school stuff. How are you?

MatsunoKaramatsu: Just wonderful, I'm having a splendid evening.

MeganeHakka: Are you sure nothing's wrong?
 
Karamatsu looked away from his phone before responding. Why would she ask that? Nothing in his message indicated that anything was wrong, after all. Maybe she knew some other way?
 
MatsunoKaramatsu: I had a fight of sorts with my brother today

MeganeHakka: The purple one?

MatsunoKaramatsu: Yes? How did you know that? I never told you about him, right?

MeganeHakka: I'll talk to you later

MeganeHakka: Say hello to your brother for me
 
Karamatsu looked at his phone with a stunned expression. That was a very strange series of messages Fumi had just sent him. What was he supposed to make of that?
Karamatsu heard a noise from the end of the alley. He looked up and couldn't believe his eyes.“Ichimatsu?”



Chapter End Notes
So a lot of notes on this one.Sorry it took so long, yet again, but I accidentally fell asleep for like 12 hours yesterday, I don't even know. I was so tired because I had to work extra hours at my job. Ugh. Then I had to go back to work right when I woke up, so bleh. No time to write.So I calculated, and there should be about 18 or 19 chapters total, making the BAD END the middle of the story. The last chapter will be the [REDACTED] END of course. :PThe original title for this chapter was "Broken" I changed it to "The Choromatsu Incident" after I thought about it some more, I like the new title better.On a more personal note, the story that Choromatsu tells is actually very much my own story? As in I did something very similar. Back when I was in high school I had a very important project due, that would determine if I would graduate or not, and it felt like everything was riding on the project, but I just couldn't finish it. So I did the most stupid thing imaginable, and took a whole bunch of sleeping pills that I had been prescribed for my insomnia. I ended up in the hospital for a long time. I was really stupid. I ended up talking to my teachers at school and I got my project done in the end. So yay for that! Thanks for listening to my dumb ramblings in the notes.Last note, this chapter was going to be longer, but I ended up cutting it here because it felt like a good place and the chapter was getting kinda long anyway. Good news is that means the next chapter is almost done already and I should have it out by tomorrow! YAY!


The Sound of Falling Rain
Chapter Summary
Karamatsu snaps. Karamatsu regrets. The cold rain falls.(Extra warning for mentions of blood and vomiting)
Chapter Notes
Hey, can I say thank you again for all the kind comments! And not only that, the 200+ kudos and 2,000+ views! Wow! This is my longest fanfic ever, and I'm really glad it's been so well received. So thank you all very very much!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Karamatsu couldn't believe his eyes. Ichimatsu stood before him, panting like he’d been running, wet from the rain, and with a huge black eye. But why was he here? He couldn't have been looking for Karamatsu, right?“Ichimatsu?” Karamatsu broke the silence between them.“Karamatsu, I…” Ichimatsu took another gasp of air. Just how long had he been running for? “I found you.”“You were looking for me?” Karamatsu raised an eyebrow. That couldn't be true. When had any of his brothers ever looked for him when he went missing?“Well you didn't come back for dinner. I was worried.” Ichimatsu stepped closer and joined Karamatsu under the awning to get out of the rain.Karamatsu took a drag from his cigarette. He wanted to believe that, but Ichimatsu’s past actions proved that his words couldn't be trusted. “Why were you worried? You've never worried before. Are you just trying to be nice to me so it'll hurt more later on when you are mean to me again?”Ichimatsu looked down at the pavement. “That’s not it, I-”“I don't believe you! You were nice to me for an entire day and then you broke my mirror! Obviously every action you take is just to hurt me more!” Karamatsu felt like something was snapping inside him. He was so tired of just sitting back and taking whatever was thrown at him. If he had to be painful, he would do it on purpose.Ichimatsu reeled back as if Karamatsu had punched him. “No, no-”“You didn't want to break the mirror. You wanted to break me. Are you happy? You won! I'm broken!” Karamatsu threw his cigarette to the ground. He had all this anger inside that he never let out, it felt good to finally shout.Ichimatsu grabbed onto the arm of Karamatsu’s leather jacket. He sniffled slightly. Was he crying? Karamatsu felt like his heart had dropped right out of his chest. He had made his brother cry! What kind of person did that? He was about to apologize when Ichimatsu spoke up, “I didn't want to break you. I just wanted you to stop lying.”“What are you talking about?”“All you do is lie! You hide behind that stupid personality of yours, and you lie, lie, lie! Why don't you ever tell the truth? I was trying to be nice to get you to talk to me, but that didn't work. You still just lied! So I broke your stupid mirror. I thought you would be angry enough to stop lying, but obviously I was wrong.”“I'm not lying.”“Yes you are! Karamatsu nii-san, I saw what you were writing the other night. It was a suicide note, wasn't it?” Ichimatsu looked up at Karamatsu with tears in his eyes. Karamatsu had never seen him like that before. He had even called him nii-san.“You saw that?” Karamatsu couldn't believe it. He really thought that Ichimatsu hadn't seen it. But he hadn't really done anything about it, so it didn’t really matter. Karamatsu spit out more words without thinking, “You want me to die, doesn't that make you happy?”“No, no-”“Well you that sure didn't stop you from telling me to go die earlier!” Karamatsu wrenched his arm away from Ichimatsu. He punched the wall he had been standing against so hard his knuckles started to bleed. “Won't you be happy if I finally died?! Won't you just be so pleased to have a painful brother like me out of your life?!” Karamatsu punched the wall again. His whole hand felt like it was on fire.“Stop it!” Ichimatsu grabbed Karamatsu’s arm so he couldn't injure himself anymore. “Please, just stop it. I'm sorry okay? I don’t want you to die. I'm so fucking sorry. Please, just come home.”“I'm spending the night at Chibita’s. Choromatsu and I will come home tomorrow.” Karamatsu said, his eyes were icy cold.“Karamatsu, please won’t you forgive me?” Ichimatsu had tears running down his face. Karamatsu had never seen him look so vulnerable before. It was shocking.“No. Go home. I'll see you tomorrow.” Karamatsu turned away from his brother.Ichimatsu started sobbing loudly as he walked away. Karamatsu felt so guilty. He really shouldn't have been so cruel, but he was so tired. So tired of everything. But he couldn't let his brother go home like that. “Wait,” he called after Ichimatsu.“Huh?” Ichimatsu turned around, his face wet with rain and tears.“I forgive you.” Karamatsu took off his leather jacket and slung it around Ichimatsu’s shoulders. “Here take my jacket. You'll get sick if you walk all the way back in the rain.”“But what about you?” Ichimatsu asked.“I'll be fine. Just keep my jacket. You like it don’t you?”“Why would you give me your jacket? You love this thing!” Ichimatsu’s voice raised in pitch.“I don't need it anymore. I don't care. It's better if you have it.” Karamatsu said.Ichimatsu started sniffling again. “Nii-san, please don't say things like that. It makes me worry.” He wrapped his fingers around the edges of the jacket.“Don't worry. Just go home. Okay?” Karamatsu forced a smile.“I get the feeling that if I leave you alone something bad will happen.” Ichimatsu didn't move.“I'm fine. I'm always fine, aren't I?” Karamatsu said with more venom in his voice than he intended.Ichimatsu finally started to walk away, sniffling to himself and muttering things under his breath. Karamatsu didn't pay much attention. He really just didn't care any more. He was tired of caring. If everyone hated him anyway, it didn't matter what he said or did. He took another cigarette out and started smoking it. Somehow Karamatsu found himself in a bar. It was a rather seedy looking joint. He had intended to just wash the blood off his hand from punching the wall, and maybe ask for some band-aids, but he felt bad not at least ordering a drink. So here he was, sitting at the bar, wrapping bandages around his hand and drinking a beer.Now that he had calmed down slightly, he felt terrible about the whole interaction. He had really been too cruel, Ichimatsu obviously had been worried about him. But he had just yelled at him. Karamatsu ordered another beer. He really was the worst brother imaginable.As Karamatsu was finishing up a fourth beer, his phone buzzed in his pocket again. He pulled it out, expecting a message from Choromatsu, but it was Fumi again. MeganeHakka: You shouldn't be so mean to your brotherMeganeHakka: He was crying the whole way homeMatsunoKaramatsu: How do you know that?MeganeHakka: Secret!MatsunoKaramatsu: OkayMeganeHakka: Secrets are no fun if you don't question me moreMatsunoKaramatsu: Ah, I understand now, you aren't just a flower, you're an ESPer too.MeganeHakka: What is this like sci-fi novel or something? Oh can I be an alien too? Or a girl with the power to change the world at my every whim?MatsunoKaramatsu: If this was a novel, my honey, I think it would fall more in the tragedies departmentMeganeHakka: I hope it has a happy ending at least! Karamatsu looked away from his phone and took another drink of his beer. Fumi sure was a strange girl. MeganeHakka: It's more fun if it's a mystery, butMeganeHakka: I'll tell the truthMeganeHakka: I ran into you on my way back from the store today. But you were running and looked super panicked!MeganeHakka: Oh, but it wasn't really you. It was the Tsundere Purple oneMeganeHakka: He was so worried about you, he said you vanished without a trace.MeganeHakka: I hadn't seen you since yesterday, so I couldn't even help himMeganeHakka: He didn't even have a phone! How does your family live???MatsunoKaramatsu: Heh, there are six of us, and most of us don't work. We can't afford phonesMeganeHakka: What do you do all day?MatsunoKaramatsu: I don't know? Stuff?MeganeHakka: AnywayMeganeHakka: Since he was so worried I got worried tooMeganeHakka: So I hacked into the city’s security cameras and looked for you!MatsunoKaramatsu: UhhhMeganeHakka: Shh, don't tell the police, okayMatsunoKaramatsu: I won't?MeganeHakka: I finally found you, but so did your brotherMeganeHakka: So I sent you a message to be extra mysteriousMatsunoKaramatsu: That is quite a story, you were very mysterious Karamatsu finished his drink and ordered another one. Was this girl for real? Somehow this whole situation seemed crazier than her being an ESPer. He looked back at his phone. MeganeHakka: So you've been at that bar for like two hoursMeganeHakka: You should go home and make up with the Tsundere Purple oneMeganeHakka: He’s probs super worriedMatsunoKaramatsu: Why do you call him Tsundere?MeganeHakka: LMAOMeganeHakka: He was all like “I bought him a new mirror to replace the one I broke, not that I care about him or anything.”MeganeHakka: Total Tsundere Karamatsu looked away from his phone and started chewing on his lip. Oh. Ichimatsu had bought him a new mirror? Really? And he was in such a panicked state he had told all that to a total stranger? Karamatsu really had been too mean to him. He would have to apologize tomorrow. MatsunoKaramatsu: Thank you telling me that, my flowerMatsunoKaramatsu: I will apologize to him post hasteMatsunoKaramatsu: I should be heading back now, so good nightMeganeHakka: Night!MeganeHakka: Be careful! Karamatsu put his phone back in his pocket and finished one last drink. Karamatsu didn't realize how drunk he was until he finally got up to leave. He felt incredibly dizzy, like the whole world was on a merry-go-round. He stumbled out the door of the bar and back onto the streets of the city.It was still raining. In the couple of hours he had spent in the bar, the light rain storm had transformed more into a torrential downpour. Wind blew against Karamatsu, biting into his skin. He wished he hadn't given his leather jacket away. Karamatsu took steps forward against the rain, back towards Chibita’s house.A combination of being too drunk and the cold rain started to make Karamatsu feel very ill. Before he could entirely understand what was going on, he was hunched over, vomiting into the street. He hadn't thrown up in such a long time, he forgot how terrible the experience could be.Karamatsu began to wonder if he could even make it back to the house. Everything was so dizzying, and he felt so disoriented. He tried to start walking again, but he lost his footing on the wet pavement and went crashing to the ground. Both his knees hurt, and the wounds on his hand had reopened and started bleeding again. He really shouldn't have drank so much. He just wanted to lie there, on the sidewalk. Maybe he would just die out here, and then he would never cause another problem for anyone again. Yeah right, that couldn't happen. He pushed himself up and continued on his way.Feeling completely worthless, somehow Karamatsu managed to make it back to Chibita’s house. He was almost completely soaked by that point, and had fallen several more times, but he was back. He pulled open the door and said a defeated, “I'm home.”He hadn't expected anyone to be awake, since it was so late, but both Choromatsu and Chibita were sitting up in the living room looking at Choromatsu’s phone.“What the hell!” Chibita yelled out first. “Where were you, ya idjit?! What happened to you?”“Uh…” Karamatsu didn't really feel much like explaining the events of that night.“Did you get my messages?” Choromatsu pointed to his phone.Karamatsu took his phone out of his pocket. It thankfully hadn't gotten wet, despite the rain. He looked saw he had several missed messages and calls from Choromatsu, but before he could check them, he accidentally dropped his phone onto the ground.“Did you go out drinking?” Choromatsu rushed over to Karamatsu’s side. “You are soaked! Where did your jacket go? Oh no, are you bleeding?”Chibita spoke up, “I'll get some towels. Choromatsu, there is a first aid kit in the kitchen.”Karamatsu felt terrible, he was making people worry again! How many times would he do that, why couldn't he seem to keep himself together for any reasonable amount of time? “I-I'm fine. Don't worry.” He stammered."Sit down!" Chibita called as he came back over. He wrapped a towel around Karamatsu's shoulders and started drying his hair off with another one. “You think you can come back looking like a soaked rat and expect me to believe that you are fine?”“But I am fine,” Karamatsu insisted.“Let me see your hand.” Choromatsu had returned with the first aid kit. He removed the old bandages, and started to apply some antibiotic ointment to the injury. Karamatsu flinched away from the feeling, but Choromatsu held his hand steady. “What happened?”“I got in a fight,” Karamatsu replied.“A fight!” Choromatsu gasped. “With who?”“Uh,” Karamatsu didn't really feel like bringing up how he had yelled at Ichimatsu so harshly. “A wall?”“You are making less sense than usual!” Chibita bopped Karamatsu lightly on the head.“I fought the ground too.” Karamatsu said, thinking of how he had fallen over so many times.Choromatsu sighed as he applied clean bandages to Karamatsu’s hand. “How exactly can you get into a fight with the ground?” Karamatsu shrugged.“I'll go get you a change of clothes, you left some here when you lived here before.” Chibita said, and scurried out of the room.“Hey,” Choromatsu leaned in and whispered, “You didn't try to hurt yourself, did you?”“No.” Karamatsu replied. Choromatsu always ended up taking care of him, it made Karamatsu feel so guilty.Chibita returned with some dry clothes before Choromatsu could question Karamatsu further. He pushed the clothes into Karamatsu's hands and said, “Go on, get changed before you get sick. I'll pull out the futons. You can explain about what happened when you sober up in the morning.”Karamatsu took the clothes into Chibita’s tiny bathroom. He took off his wet clothes and hung them over the side of the bathtub to dry. He looked down and saw that his knees were pretty bruised up, but thankfully he wasn't bleeding anywhere else. He put on the dry clothes, a simple blue tank top and a pair of black shorts. He then took a moment to look at himself in the mirror. He felt like he didn't even know the person in the reflection. That person staring back at him had yelled at his brother who had been searching for him for hours. Karamatsu felt sick to his stomach. Would he ever be able to make it up to Ichimatsu?Karamatsu stepped out of the bathroom. Chibita had spread out the futons, but Choromatsu was standing with his back towards him. Karamatsu remembered that he had dropped his phone earlier. He looked around on the ground for it, he should probably message Fumi and let her know he got back safely. He couldn't spot it anywhere. “Ah, have you seen my phone?”Choromatsu turned around, his eyes wide. “Oh, I picked it up. Here.” Choromatsu passed Karamatsu’s phone back to him. “Let's get some sleep Karamatsu nii-san, you must be exhausted.”Karamatsu nodded, quickly sending a message off to Fumi before joining the other two on the futons. He wrapped himself up in the blankets, feeling a bit better now. He listened to the sound of the rain falling against the roof, and like a lullaby, it sang him to sleep.



Chapter End Notes
So I'm going to be super busy for the next couple days. It's my nephew's birthday tomorrow. Yup I'm an auntie hehe. Acutally that's something I wanted to mention before. Did you guys know that I am one of six siblings? YES. Like Osomatsu-san! I am number three! So that makes me Choromatsu, right? Hahaha. I totally should've been the oldest though!But if you just can't get your fill of my ANGST. Here is a great video I made! Here! The story of the video is that Karamatsu is having a dream where Dark!Karamatsu is trying to convince him to hurt his brothers for all the things they've ever done to him. But you know, it's Karamatsu so that doesn't go over so well. So in any case, new chapter soon (tm) but I don't know when. Things are really heating up here though, right? Hehehe.


Illumination
Chapter Summary
Sometimes a light, that was previously thought to be extinguished, can still shine
Chapter Notes
Welcome to the new longest chapter in this fanfic! That summary is dumb. I'm dumb. I hope this chapter makes sense. But trust me, even if everyone's actions don't make sense right now, they will later. We are entering the end game.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Karamatsu awoke to an amazing smell. It was most certainly bacon, he could hear it sizzling in a pan. He opened his eyes, Chibita’s living room was flooded with morning light. His head was pounding, and the light hurt his eyes a bit, but somehow after sleeping all his failures from the previous day didn’t seem so grievous. He would make up with Ichimatsu today for sure.Karamatsu looked around for his leather jacket. He had left his sunglasses in there. If he wore those that would probably help with his headache. Oh, right, he had given his jacket to Ichimatsu. He hoped he hasn't left anything else in the pockets. Well he could ask for that stuff back when he talked to Ichimatsu later.Chibita and Choromatsu were already awake and in the kitchen. Karamatsu stretched his arms over his head and got up to join them. “Ah, what is this wondrous smell wafting through the air?”“Good morning ya idjit! We were just gonna wake ya. I'm making breakfast. Sit down, sit down.” Chibita motioned towards the table with his hand.Karamatsu sat down at the table next to his brother, and was soon served a plate full of bacon and scrambled eggs. Karamatsu didn't realize how hungry he really was. “Thank you for the food!” He said before taking a big bite. It was so good. The bacon was perfectly crispy, the eggs had melted cheese mixed in, this was surely the best breakfast to start the day with.Choromatsu took a small bite of his food before turning to Karamatsu and asking. “So, what happened last night?”“Ah.” Karamatsu had almost forgotten, even though his hand was still quite painful. “I got in an argument with Ichimatsu.”“What? How? Did you punch him?” Choromatsu blurted out.“Non, non, non. I guess he went looking for me after our fight yesterday when I never came home.’“Eeeeh?” Chibita squealed. “Your brother actually went looking for you?”“Is it that surprising? I told you we should have called them.” Choromatsu grumbled.Karamatsu took another bite of his food. “No one ever looked for me before, how was I supposed to know?”“Last time ya idjits left Karamatsu for dead.” Chibita said, a bit angrily.“Huh?” Choromatsu left his mouth hanging open mid-bite. He quickly swallowed, “We wouldn't do that!”Chibita crossed his arms. “Oh really. Then why did I end up having to take him to the hospital?” Chibita glared at Choromatsu.Choromatsu gulped and looked from Chibita to Karamatsu. He seemed at a lost for words, so Karamatsu spoke up. “Heh, that was a long time ago. Let's forget about it. Anyway, last night Ichimatsu came searching for me, even through the pouring rain, just to apologize to me. I guess I got a bit angry and yelled. I punched a wall.” Karamatsu held up his injured hand.“Ah, dammit! That was pretty foolish.” Chibita said, laughing a bit.“Who am I, but a foolish man?” Karamatsu said. “I ended up giving him my jacket so he wouldn't get sick on his way home. I feel like I might have been too harsh on him, however.”“You really are an idjit! You could’ve gotten sick walking back in the rain yourself!” Chibita scolded.“Yes, well I stopped in a bar, hoping to wait out the rain. Seems I drank too much, and the rain never cleared. So I made my way back here, a man with no plans and no brains either. Heh.” That was almost the truth, but he didn't want to tell the whole truth in front of Chibita. It was probably for the best that he didn't know how much Karamatsu had been drinking lately.They finished up breakfast, and Choromatsu and Karamatsu took off for home. It was a rather nice day out after all the rain. Choromatsu seemed to be a bit downtrodden however. “Is there something on your mind, brother?”“Oh, it's not much. I feel guilty, I guess. This was all my fault. If I hadn't punched Ichimatsu, you never would’ve argued with him.” Choromatsu said with a sigh. “I'm sorry for causing you troubles again.”“You don’t have to apologize, you did nothing wrong, but perhaps refrain from hitting anyone next time.” Karamatsu smiled towards his brother.“Okay. I'm also sorry that I don't know about whatever terrible thing you and Chibita were talking about. You ended up in the hospital, and I don't even know what happened. I'm so sorry.” Choromatsu cast his eyes downward. Before Karamatsu could say anything, Choromatsu  started to speak again. “I feel so guilty. I know why you want to kill yourself.” Choromatsu stopped walking, and stood still, his arms tightly at his side.“Huh?” Was all Karamatsu could say.“You want to die because of me. It's my fault, isn't it?”“What? No, of course not.” Karamatsu tried to put his hand on Choromatsu's shoulder, but Choromatsu just shrugged him away.“It's because of whatever horrible thing happened to you. It's because I keep calling you Shittymatsu and painful. It's because of me. I made you want to die.” Choromatsu looked down at the ground. His eyes shined with tears. “I'm so sorry Karamatsu.”Karamatsu didn't know what to say. It wasn't Choromatsu's fault. It was Karamatsu’s fault. He was the worthless burden on the family, he was the one always causing pain just by existing. That's why he deserved to be treated badly. Right?Right?Choromatsu kept talking. “I don't know how you can stand to be so nice to me after everything. I don't understand you Karamatsu. Why are you like this?”Karamatsu took a deep breath. “Choromatsu. It's not your fault. You shouldn't blame yourself. I don't blame you in the slightest.”“You wouldn't blame me, would you? Maybe you should. Maybe you should start getting angry more often. You should be pissed off at me Karamatsu! Look at all the problems I've caused for you over the past week! God, it's really all my fault.” Choromatsu rubbed his eyes to prevent himself from crying. “I'm going to make it up to you, I promise. Hey, you wanted to have a concert right? I'm going to make sure you have the best concert of all time!”“A concert?” Karamatsu wondered aloud. Then he remembered about their bucket lists. He had just added that on as a stalling method. Of course he would love to have a concert, to hear hundreds of fans cheering his name and falling in love with his beautiful music. But right now, having a concert meant crossing another thing off the bucket lists, and coming that much closer to losing his brother. After that, only the Nyaa-chan concert was left. “Oh, you don't have to do that.”“Yes I do!” Choromatsu had taken out his phone. “I have some contacts from when I was Totoko’s manager. I can probably secure a pretty nice venue, and get some people to help with the stage lights, and…”Karamatsu zoned out a bit. He really didn’t want to have a concert under these circumstances, but he couldn't really argue with Choromatsu now. Choromatsu was really hyped about the idea. Well if planning a concert would keep him happy and busy, then maybe it would be worth it just to let him do as he liked?“You are going to be so happy with this concert. I'll be back later. I need to talk with some people. I'll see you at home later.” Choromatsu ran off, his phone already against his ear.“Ah, wait!” Karamatsu called after him, but he was already long gone. Well he should be fine. Karamatsu felt terrible about Choromatsu blaming himself, but he could talk to him about that later. For now, he should focus on seeing Ichimatsu and apologizing to him. “I'm home brothers!” Karamatsu opened the door to the living room. But no one was there. Karamatsu went up to their bedroom. No one there either. Everybody must be out. Oh well. He could talk to Ichimatsu as soon as he got back then.Karamatsu pondered on what to do. If he was going to have a concert, maybe he should start practicing some guitar. He hadn’t even touched his guitar in over a week. He took it out of it’s case, and started to tune it. His poor guitar, neglected for so long. Normally he would play at least once every couple of days. Having a job and trying to prevent a suicide sure took up a lot of free time. Karamatsu idly strummed at the strings. He wasn't really feeling it right now though. Maybe he could play later.He replaced the guitar in it’s case. But what else could he do? Karamatsu scratched his chin as he thought. Choromatsu assumed he knew the reason Karamatsu wanted to die, despite being completely wrong, but Karamatsu was still completely in the dark about his brother’s reason. There must be a way to find out. Karamatsu pounded his fist in his hand. Why hadn't he thought of it sooner! The forums they met at in the first place. Choromatsu might’ve made some posts on there. Maybe he could find a clue.Karamatsu took out his phone. The battery was nearly dead, so Karamatsu went and sat near an outlet in the corner of the room so he could charge it and look through the internet at the same time. Karamatsu opened up his web browser. Huh, it was open to a different tab than the one he last remembered looking at. Wasn't he looking at glitter pants last time? And not suicide prevention methods? Oh well how do phones even work? Karamatsu opened up a new tab and navigated to the forums for suicidal people.Karamatsu looked up NyaaFan96. He remembered how they used to chat online a lot before they met. How did Karamatsu never realize that it was his own brother? There must’ve been hints, but now wasn't the time to worry about that. He looked through Choromatsu's post history. There wasn't anything too interesting. He needed to dig deeper. Karamatsu skipped back to his first posts. Choromatsu had made some posts complaining about his boss, or his coworkers, or how he wasn't paid enough at work. Then Karamatsu found a thread his brother had posted himself. It was titled, “I'm ending it all tonight.” Karamatsu gulped and started to read. Nyaafan96: I'm really such an idiot. I like to pretend I'm not, or that I'm the smartest out of all my brothers, but I'm really just as much of an idiot as the rest of them. I thought things would get better once I moved out, but things have only gotten worse. My oldest brother hates me for leaving him behind. It's like he can't see that we all have to grow up. We all have to become adults. You know, I really believed I could rise above and become a better person. But I really am an idiot.Nyaafan96: I can't do this anymore, and it's so stupid. I can't live without her. That makes me feel even worse somehow. Like what kind of person can't survive without someone else? Why is she even so important to me still? I feel like my whole world ended that day. I tried to move on, I really did. The fact that I can't makes me feel even worse. The fact that I can't move on from something so simple proves I really don't deserve to keep on living. I'm a failure of a human being.Nyaafan96: I want to tell my brothers so many things. I want to apologize for always being so pushy and trying to make everyone get jobs. I can't tell them anything, not when it’s my fault our family fell apart in the end. God, I'm such an idiot. I have a presentation at work tomorrow. I know I'm going to fail at that too, just like I've failed at everything else. I'm going to take these sleeping pills. I'm never going to wake up again.Nyaafan96: Good night.Nyaafan96: Good bye. Karamatsu read through the posts again. It hurt. His heart was so heavy in his chest, and it hurt. This was what Choromatsu was thinking right before he tried to kill himself. It was too painful to look at. His brother thought so many cruel thoughts about himself. And just who was this “her” he had been referring to? Choromatsu had never mentioned anyone like that. It was a mystery.“Karamatsu nii-san! What are you doing?”Karamatsu looked up. Jyushimatsu was sitting right in front of him with a big goofy smile on his face. When exactly had he arrived?Karamatsu put down his phone. “Ah, my little Jyushimatsu. I was just reading something online.”Jyushimatsu scooted around and sat next to Karamatsu. He leaned his head on Karamatsu’s shoulder. “Was it something sad?”“Huh, oh perhaps it was a bit heartrending.”“Oh. Hey, hey, do you think your wish has come true yet?” Jyushimatsu asked.“My wish?” Karamatsu thought. He had made a wish on that firefly that Jyushimatsu had caught the other night. What was it he had wished for again? Oh yes, to be a better older brother. “I don't think so. I feel as if I've only gotten worse at being an older brother lately. What about you, did your wish come true?” Thinking back, Karamatsu had never asked him what his wish was.Jyushimatsu put a hand covered by his sleeve up to his mouth. “Hm. Maybe not yet.”“May I ask what you wished for, my dear brother?”“I wished that Karamatsu nii-san would have a happy and long life!”“Oh. Well I can assure you that I am happy.” Karamatsu nodded sagely. He wasn't really of course, but he didn't want to upset Jyushimatsu. “You shouldn't have wasted your wish on me, surely there was something you wanted more?”Jyushimatsu shook his head. “No, no! I want you to be happy and live a long, long time! Karamatsu nii-san, sometimes you get this expression on your face. It reminds me of when I first met Homura.”Homura? Wasn't that the girl Jyushimatsu liked? But didn't they meet when Homura tried to kill herself? Oh no. Did Karamatsu really wear an expression like that on his face? “Jyushimatsu, please don't worry about me. I can assure that everything is fine.”“Okay! But if you need anyone to help cheer you up, I'm your man!” Jyushimatsu smiled brightly.Karamatsu spent some more time talking with his younger brother. It was enjoyable to spend time with him. As they were discussing the best ways to exercise, the door to the bedroom slid open.Ichimatsu stood in the doorway. He was wearing Karamatsu’s leather jacket, and had a glum expression on his face. Karamatsu couldn't help but notice how bad his black eye looked now that he could see it in proper daylight. Ichimatsu noticed Karamatsu and Jyushimatsu sitting in the corner, and turned to leave.“Wait!” Karamatsu jumped up and ran across the room. “I want to talk to you.”“What else is there to say?” Ichimatsu growled.“Please, I want to apologize to you.” Karamatsu grabbed onto his arm. “Won't you listen?”“I don't want to hear anymore lies.”Jyushimatsu joined them both in the doorway. “Ichimatsu nii-san! You should listen to him. I have to be going, see you guys later!” Jyushimatsu ran down the stairs.“Tch.” Ichimatsu walked into the room. He took off the leather coat and tossed it over an arm of the couch. He sat down in the center of the room. “Fine. What do you want to say?”Karamatsu sat across from him. He hadn't really thought about what he was going to say yet. “Ichimatsu, I'm sorry-”“Don't apologize to me. Everything you said was true. I'm glad you yelled at me. You shouldn't have forgiven me. I was the one being a jerk.” Ichimatsu slouched over. “I was terrible to you. I just don't know how to talk to you. You always talk with all those big words and hardly make sense. You always lie to me. I should’ve talked to you directly after I saw your suicide note. But I knew you would lie about it.”Well that was probably true. Karamatsu would’ve lied if Ichimatsu had brought it up. He still didn’t know if he could tell the truth. He was still intending on killing himself, after all. So what could he even say now? “I am a liar. I can't even tell you the truth now.”“See! How are we supposed to talk to each other if all you do is lie! But I want to tell you a truth right now.” Ichimatsu paused, and took in a deep breath. “I don't want you to die. If you actually died it would probably destroy me. Especially if you did it because of some stupid shit that came out of my mouth. I shouldn't have told you to go die. I fucked up, I was just so angry that you were lying again when I broke your mirror. I knew you had to be upset, but you pretended not to be. It's so frustrating.”“I am angry Ichimatsu. I'm a lot of things actually. A whole jumbled mess of emotions.” Karamatsu felt seriously conflicted. Would his brothers actually be sad if he died? Did they really not want him dead? He was really at a loss. “So you really don't want me dead then?”“Haven't you been listening! Of course not! You might be the most painful person on the planet, but you are still my brother.” Ichimatsu roared. “So stop even thinking about dying. It's not what I want.”“Oh…” Karamatsu tried to think of something else to say, when the door to the room slid open again.“Oi, what are you guys doing?” Osomatsu stepped into the room.“Talking.” Ichimatsu replied.“That sounds boring, let's go to the horse races. I got a hot tip, I know just which horse is gonna win for sure!” Osomatsu grinned.“We are busy.” Ichimatsu glowered at his older brother.“Fine, fine. Can I borrow some money Ichimatsu?”“From me?” Ichimatsu asked.“Yeah! Choromatsu yelled at me the other night about not borrowing money from Karamatsu if I don't intend to repay it. But I promise I'm gonna win big and I'll pay you both back!” Osomatsu scratched his nose.“Whatever. I left my wallet in my jacket.” Ichimatsu pointed towards the leather jacket.“Eh? Isn't that Karamatsu’s leather jacket?” Osomatsu stared at Ichimatsu with his mouth open.“It's mine now.”“Hehe, finally admitting you actually like it, huh?” Osomatsu went over and started digging through the pockets. Ichimatsu looked at Karamatsu and rolled his eyes. Karamatsu just shrugged.Osomatsu dropped the jacket and pounded out of the room. “Hey! You could at least say thanks!” Ichimatsu yelled after him. “Ungrateful eldest brother.”Ichimatsu sighed. “Guh. Well I hate all this heavy talk. So I got you something.” Ichimatsu got up and went in rummaged through the closet. He got out a bag and handed it to Karamatsu. “I know this can't make up for what I did, but take it.”Karamatsu opened the bag. Inside was a new mirror. It was an iridescent blue, with sparkles mixed in. Karamatsu held it up and admired himself in it. Karamatsu noticed that he had tears in the corners of eyes. “Thank you brother! It’s perfect.”“Oh, come on, don’t start crying now.” Ichimatsu sat down next to Karamatsu. “I just wanted to replace what I broke, that's all.”Karamatsu wrapped his arms around Ichimatsu. “Really, really, thank you so much. I love it! It will be my new treasure!”Ichimatsu froze for a moment, but then gently patted Karamatsu on the back. “Tch, it's not all that great. So, do you want to go play Pachinko tomorrow?”“Tomorrow?” Karamatsu let Ichimatsu go, and thought. “Ah, but I'm busy tomorrow, hmm, maybe if we go in the evening, but…”“Busy with what?” Ichimatsu crossed his arms. “You aren't about to start lying to me again now, are you?”“Err, well.” Karamatsu thought for a moment. “You can't tell the others, but I actually have a job.”“Eh? Are you serious? You got a job?” Ichimatsu looked like he’d just seen a pig fly.Karamatsu scratched the back of his head. “Yeah, well I don't want Osomatsu or the others to find out. You know how they are. Especially not Osomatsu. He’d be pretty upset.”“That’s probably true. I won’t tell them. We can play Pachinko when you have free time, okay?” The afternoon wore on. Karamatsu felt a bit strange. He had really assumed that his death would make everyone happy. He had assumed that they all really wanted him gone. But he had been wrong. That wasn't the truth at all. He really couldn't die now. And neither could Choromatsu.Speaking of Choromatsu, he came back later in the afternoon. He was carrying a few bags. Karamatsu had been looking at pictures on his phone again, while Ichimatsu was lying back on the couch reading a magazine about cats. They both looked at Choromatsu, who just stood still for a minute. “Uh, hi guys?” Choromatsu said nervously.“Welcome back brother.” Karamatsu replied.Choromatsu put his bags down and walked over to Ichimatsu. Ichimatsu sat up, and looked just a little bit scared. Choromatsu took a deep breath and said, “I'm very sorry for punching you.”“It's fine. I deserved it anyway.” Ichimatsu scratched the back of his neck.Choromatsu smiled. “Haha, I thought you were gonna be so pissed that you punched me the second you saw me.”Karamatsu felt happy. It was good that they weren't arguing anymore. Everything would work out in the end now!“So Karamatsu, I got everything planned for your concert.” Choromatsu went and got his bags and sat down next to Karamatsu.“Shitty, err, Karamatsu is having a concert?” Ichimatsu asked, putting his magazine down.“Yes. It's going to be amazing. I worked really hard to pull it all together, but it's going to be the best. I set the date for about a month from now, so we have lots of time to prepare. Oh, I also made flyers!” Choromatsu pulled a paper out of his bag.Karamatsu examined it. It had a big picture of Karamatsu on it. The text on the front proclaimed in big blue letters, “Karamatsu welcomes all his Karamatsu Fans to his first concert!” The date was a Saturday about a month out.“Heh, this is perfect. How did you manage to do all this in one day?” Karamatsu smiled. He was especially happy about the date. A whole month! That was so much time. Maybe, just maybe, Choromatsu wasn't in as much of a rush to die anymore too? Maybe he was thinking something similar to Karamatsu? Maybe he wanted to stop this whole stupid plan as well?“I have some good connections. I even got a band to play back-up for you! We’ll have to meet up with them to discuss the songs you want to play, and…”They discussed the plans for the concert for the rest of the evening. Karamatsu didn't realize how much planning went into making a concert happen. He was thrilled to see Choromatsu in such a good mood. Karamatsu didn't have anytime to talk with Choromatsu one on one, but he figured he would have plenty of time for that. A bright future was ahead of them now.Jyushimatsu and Todomatsu came back home, and very late in the evening Osomatsu came in as well. Osomatsu looked upset about something. “Is something wrong, my dear eldest brother?” Karamatsu asked him.“Nothing.”“Did you lose all your money at the races today?” Todomatsu teased.“I said it's nothing. Let's go to bed.” Osomatsu started to get the futon out.Well it had been a rather long and emotional day, so Karamatsu didn't argue. He laid down in his usual spot, and closed his eyes. Karamatsu thought a bit about how he had been mistaken  about his own feelings, about his brothers, about everything. For such a long time, it felt like his eyes had been clouded over by all these infinite questions. Now, he could see an answer being illuminated in front of him.Hope.It had always been there, he just couldn't always see it. As long as he kept that spark of hope alight, everything would be alright. He just knew it. 
The morning dawned as it always did. After having two days off it almost felt strange to be heading back to work. Karamatsu walked with a spring in his step. Everything seemed so much brighter and colorful today. Two things were still troubling Karamatsu however. Those forum posts from Choromatsu he had read yesterday and talking to him about ending this whole thing. Karamatsu wasn't sure how to approach either topic. Maybe he should try to find some information out first? “Hey, Choromatsu, have you ever had a girlfriend?”“No way. I can't even talk to girls. I think the first time I ever even talked one on one with a girl was at that mixer. Why do you ask?” Choromatsu looked towards Karamatsu inquisitively.“Heh, no reason.” Karamatsu couldn't figure out who the female Choromatsu had been referring to was. He would have to think it over. He still had plenty of time to figure everything out.Karamatsu worked twice as hard at work that day, despite the injury on his hand. He felt amazing. The building was almost done. He could hardly believe that he had a hand in helping build up something like this. Once they were done working at the end of this week, Karamatsu felt like he would really miss working with these guys. He didn't know what he would even do with so much free time. Maybe he should try and get a more permanent job?Work was over nearly too fast. Karamatsu still hadn't figured out a way to talk to Choromatsu. They instead spent the whole trek home talking about Karamatsu’s upcoming concert. They were thinking about getting Totoko to open for the show. Karamatsu was getting very excited. He would have to practice his guitar as soon as they got home.Karamatsu and Choromatsu entered into their living room. Instantly, Karamatsu could tell something was wrong. Osomatsu, Ichimatsu, Jyushimatsu, and Todomatsu were all gathered around the living room table in silence. Osomatsu was facing away from the everyone else. No one spoke or moved.Eventually Osomatsu turned around to face them. Karamatsu swore he could see a red spark of anger in his eyes. “How was work?”



Chapter End Notes
Just so you know I actually wrote almost 2k words and THEN DELETED THEM ALL BECAUSE I DON'T KNOW HOW TO WRITE ANYMORE.


Let's End This Just as it Began; With a Pinkie Promise and a...
Chapter Summary
Osomatsu finds out about Karamatsu and Choromatsu's job
Chapter Notes
Hmm, that title doesn't seem complete. What was it I wanted to call this chapter again?And while I have your attention, Please look at this amazing piece of fanart by Rainboweem! I love it so much I can't even begin to tell you.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





“How was work?”
Karamatsu stood stock still in the doorway to the living room. His heart felt like it had stopped beating in his chest. How did he know? How could he have possibly found out? Osomatsu’s words kept echoing in his head. This couldn't possibly be happening. It had to be a dream. In fact, hadn’t he had a dream almost exactly like this? Karamatsu gripped the front of his hoodie. He looked to his side and saw Choromatsu standing there with a shocked expression on his face. Well unlike his dream, Choromatsu was alive and well. This was reality.This was terrible, terrible reality.“I asked you two a question.” Osomatsu repeated. “How. Was. Work?”“Stop it Osomatsu nii-san.” Todomatsu blurted out. Osomatsu glared at him and Todomatsu closed his mouth.Choromatsu crossed his arms and said defiantly, “Work was fine.”“Well isn't that just fantastic?” Osomatsu leaned on the table with one hand, and started drumming his fingers against the table with his other. “Why don't you sit down and tell your older brother all about it. Or, I don't know, tell me why you decided to lie to me about all this for the past week?”Choromatsu stomped up to the table and sat down next to Ichimatsu. Karamatsu gave a soft sigh and settled in between Choromatsu and Jyushimatsu. Jyushimatsu wasn't wearing his normal smile and that somehow made Karamatsu feel worse. Choromatsu spoke up, “Why don't you tell us how you found out?”Osomatsu laughed, but didn’t say anything else. Karamatsu cast a worried glance towards Ichimatsu. He couldn't have told, could he? As if reading his mind, Ichimatsu said, “Don't look at me, I didn't tell him.”“Oh, isn't that funny! You knew about this Ichimatsu? Guess I have three brothers lying to me then.” Osomatsu said, staring at Ichimatsu. Ichimatsu looked down at the table but didn't say anything else. “Fine. I'll tell you how I found out. It's a funny story actually.”Osomatsu took a piece of paper and spread it out on the table. Karamatsu looked at it and grimaced. It was his bucket list. How had Osomatsu found that?  Karamatsu couldn't even remember where he had left it last. “I found this in the pocket of that leather jacket yesterday when I went to get money out of Ichimatsu’s wallet. It's your handwriting isn't it, Karamatsu?” Karamatsu nodded slowly. “At first I thought it must be one of your stupid little delusional plans. I mean find a Karamatsu Girl? Play a concert for everyone? Get a job? Sounds like something you would write just for the hell of it.”Osomatsu suddenly pounded on the table, making everyone jump. “But it wasn't just a delusion. You intended to do everything on this list. I wouldn't have believed it, but yesterday on my way to the horse track, I saw Choromatsu. Do you know what he was doing? He was making a phone call about setting up a concert! So I had to know if the rest of this list was real as well. This morning when you left the house so very early, I followed you. Well not just you, but Choromatsu too. I should’ve known you had roped him into this as well. I followed you two, and boy was I surprised to see you enter a construction site and greet everyone like you were best friends. Seems like you did have a job. So tell me, why were you lying about it?”“Did you ever think,” Choromatsu said, his voice getting louder with every word, “We didn't want to tell you because we knew how you would react?”“Ha.” Osomatsu looked at Choromatsu like he was an insect. “How do you know how I would react? I mean if you told me you were getting a job to pay for some silly idol merchandise, or for Karamatsu to buy some super expensive sunglasses or something, that would be different. But you didn’t tell me because you didn't want me to know what the money was for. Am I correct?”Well he was correct. They had been working to save money for their funerals, after all. It's not exactly something they could tell Osomatsu about. Karamatsu sat with his hands in his lap. No matter what he said at this point, this conversation wasn't going to end well. Choromatsu seemed to have plenty to say however. “Stop being so childish Osomatsu. I know what you are afraid of. You don't want us to move out again. Well guess what? You don't control our actions. We are adults. If we want to get jobs and save up our money for whatever reason, that's our business. Maybe you should accept the fact that one day we won’t all be together anymore. That's life Osomatsu.”Osomatsu creased his eyebrows and stood up. “Fuck you! I hate you both! If you want to leave so fucking badly, since living in this house with me so fucking terrible, just go! Just leave already.” Osomatsu pointed towards the door.“Fine. We will.” Choromatsu stood up. “Let's go Karamatsu.” Karamatsu got up and followed Choromatsu out of the living room. Choromatsu slammed the door shut behind them so hard it fell over. He didn't seem to care, and pounded his way out of the house. 
“God! He’s so infuriating! What, does he think he runs the house?” Choromatsu walked down the street ranting and yelling to himself. Karamatsu followed slowly behind, feeling a bit exhausted. Hadn't they just basically been kicked out of their house? Well even if they hadn’t, Karamatsu didn't really want to go back there anytime soon. His older brother said he hated him. 
Choromatsu paused when he saw Karamatsu lagging behind him. “Hey, you okay?” Karamatsu shrugged. Choromatsu walked back to him. “I'm sorry Karamatsu. I didn't ask you if you wanted to leave. Do you want to go back?”“No. He hates us. I don't want to go back.” Karamatsu replied.“Then we won’t go back. Oh, but we don't have any place to go. Should we go back to Chibita’s house again?”“Hmm, I don't think we should impose on his kindness again. Maybe we should find a cheap hotel?” Karamatsu doubted he’d get much sleep tonight anyway, but Choromatsu would need his rest.“Oh, good idea! That might be fun anyway. Like a vacation or something?” Choromatsu said. Karamatsu appreciated how he was trying to look on the bright side of such a terrible situation, but Karamatsu couldn't even force a smile.They searched around a bit until they found a cheap hotel that accepted cash, since neither of them had a debit or credit card. Most places they went to wouldn't accept cash for “liability” reasons, whatever that means. Well they had a room now, and that was all that mattered.The room was a bit small and plain. The walls were painted an off white, and the air smelled a bit musty. It was better than nothing, and at least it had two beds. Karamatsu couldn't remember the last time he actually slept in a bed instead of a futon. He hoped he wouldn't fall off it in the middle of the night.Karamatsu laid out on his bed, staring at the ceiling. He was at a loss for what to do now. Choromatsu was being quiet too. Karamatsu didn't like the silence, he didn’t want to be alone with his own thoughts right now. He had been trying real hard to not think about what had happened. He wasn't sure he could handle it. Karamatsu didn't want the light of hope inside him to go out again. He wanted to keep that hope lit for as long as possible.Karamatsu couldn't take the silence anymore. Maybe he should just go to a bar. He stood up and crossed the room without looking at Choromatsu. At least it would be noisy at a bar and he wouldn't have to think for awhile. Just as he was about to open the door to go out, Choromatsu spoke up. “Where are you going?”“Ah, just for a walk my dear brother.” Karamatsu replied, trying to keep his voice as lighthearted as possible.“I can tell when you are lying, you know.” Choromatsu sighed.“I wanted to go to a bar.” Karamatsu admitted, and tightened his grip on the door handle. He didn't look back at his brother. He felt so ashamed.“Don't go.” Choromatsu sounded distressed. “I know you want to stop your pain, but don't drink tonight, okay?” He paused for a moment and took a deep breath. “Actually Karamatsu I want to talk with you about something.”Karamatsu turned around to face Choromatsu. “What is it?”“Here, come sit down.” Choromatsu motioned next to him. Karamatsu sat down, hoping this wouldn't be something bad. His heart couldn't take it. “There is something I wanted to talk with you about since the night we spent at Chibita’s, but I just didn't know how to bring it up.”“Oh?” Karamatsu couldn’t fathom what he might want to talk about.“I know this sounds crazy after everything that happened today, but…” Choromatsu took a deep breath and looked at Karamatsu seriously. “Let’s put an end to our suicide pact.”“Wh-what?” Karamatsu looked at Choromatsu with wide eyes. “Are you serious? You don’t want to die anymore?” Karamatsu couldn’t keep a grin from forming on his face.“I don't want to die anymore. Let's both live together. Promise?” Choromatsu held out his pinkie finger.Karamatsu linked pinkies with Choromatsu. “Yes I promise!” He wrapped his arms around his younger brother. The light of hope inside of Karamatsu flared back to life. It was brilliant and beautiful, this new hope he had found. Karamatsu started to cry from sheer happiness. “Choromatsu, I wanted to say the same thing to you so badly, but I was so scared you would go and die on your own. I'm so happy right now.”Choromatsu rubbed Karamatsu’s back, “Everything is going to be okay now. So don’t be sad anymore. Everything will be okay.”Karamatsu let Choromatsu go, and took a look at his face. Choromatsu was smiling much more sincerely than Karamatsu had seen in days. This was so wonderful. Karamatsu guessed it didn't matter if he didn't know why Choromatsu wanted to die in the first place, as long as he wanted to live now. “Hey, let's go out and get some dinner. I heard there is a great ramen place around here.” Karamatsu said, rubbing his tears of happiness away.“Sounds good to me.” Choromatsu hopped off the bed and headed for the door. Karamatsu followed him, a huge grin on his face. 
The ramen restaurant was a bit busy considering it was around dinner time. That didn't bother Karamatsu much, and he ordered a big bowl, with extra pork. Choromatsu had his phone out while he was slurping down his noodles. “I texted Todomatsu to let him know where we are.”
It was probably true that their other brothers were worried about them. Karamatsu replied, “Ah, did he say anything about Osomatsu?”“Just that he refuses to talk to anyone now. I guess Ichimatsu and Jyushimatsu yelled at him after we left.” Choromatsu put his phone down so he could focus on eating.Karamatsu could hardly imagine what that must've been like. Jyushimatsu was really scary when he got angry, but Karamatsu couldn't imagine him yelling at Osomatsu. Jyushimatsu must’ve been very upset.“We should try and talk to Osomatsu tomorrow about all of this, once he's had time to calm down.” Choromatsu continued.“Are you sure that's wise? He did say that he hated us.”“I'm sure he didn't mean it. He was just angry. He’s pretty dumb sometimes, I mean he doesn't want us to move out, then screams at us to leave. I'm sure he’ll come around.” Choromatsu shrugged. “Or maybe he won’t, but in that case we need to go home to at least get our belongings.”“Alright, then after work we shall go home and talk to Osomatsu.” Karamatsu smiled. It didn’t really matter either way to Karamatsu. He was happy enough just having Choromatsu alive. He felt like nothing in the world could bring him down now. Not as long as he had his brother at his side. 
The night passed peacefully, and morning arrived. Karamatsu woke up, yawning a bit. He took a shower in the hotel room’s bathroom before waking up Choromatsu. He still felt a bit gross since he didn't have any clean clothes to change into, but he would survive. Choromatsu took a shower as well, and they both headed to work.
“Ugh, do we even still need to work if we aren't going through with the plan anymore?” Choromatsu groaned.“Brother, we should finish what we started. It would burden Yuichi-san and the others if we quit now. It's only for the next four days after all.” Karamatsu said. Karamatsu honestly liked working construction anyway. It kept his mind and body busy, and it was a bit fun.“Alright, I shouldn't complain when I'm the one always telling everyone to get a job.” Choromatsu laughed.Work went by as quick as it always did. During lunch however, Hiroshi pulled Choromatsu to the side, “I have to tell you something!” Hiroshi said, his eyes sparkling. Karamatsu wondered what it could be about, but he could ask his brother later. Karamatsu spent lunch talking with some of his other co-workers instead.After they both got changed and ready to head back to their house to talk to Osomatsu, Hiroshi approached Karamatsu with a grin. “Hey Kara! Yuichi-san wants to talk to you.”“Huh, me?” Karamatsu asked, confused. Had he done something wrong?“Go ahead, I'll meet you at home later.” Choromatsu said with a wide smile. “I actually wanted to buy some tickets for a Nyaa-Chan concert.”“Hmm?” Why did Choromatsu want to buy tickets for a Nyaa-Chan concert now? Karamatsu thought with a sick feeling in his stomach back to their bucket lists.Choromatsu replied, “It's to celebrate!”“Celebrate what?” Karamatsu asked.“Oh, you'll see. Go talk to Yuichi-san. Goodbye Karamatsu.” Choromatsu wrapped his arms around Karamatsu. “I love you.”Karamatsu’s eyes grew wide, when was the last time any of his brothers had said that they loved each other? Surely they hadn't since they were kids. Karamatsu hugged Choromatsu back. “I love you too brother.”Choromatsu let Karamatsu go and waved as he ran off. Karamatsu waved back. Choromatsu seemed so genuinely happy right now. It was a bit infectious, Karamatsu felt the same. He headed into Yuichi’s office to talk to him.“Karamatsu! Sit down.” Yuichi was sitting at his desk. Karamatsu sat down in front of him, feeling a bit anxious.“Hey Boss, what's up?” Karamatsu asked, trying to keep himself from fidgeting in his chair.“I actually had a question for you.” Yuichi smiled at Karamatsu. “We actually need someone to work full time here. I know you just took this as a temp job, but would you consider joining Fujimoto Construction as a permanent employee?”Karamatsu opened his mouth. He couldn't say anything. Yuichi wanted him to work for him? “Ah, but I messed up the other day and passed out, and-”“Listen Karamatsu, you are a real hard worker. You always do your best, even when ya aren't feeling well, although you shouldn't work yerself to passing out again. Not to mention you get along great with everyone else, especially my future son-in-law.”
“Wait, Hiroshi is engaged to your daughter?” Karamatsu asked. 
“That's right! He’s a good kid. And he agrees with me, you should work here even after this job is done. So what do you say?” Yuichi asked.“What about Choromatsu?” Karamatsu didn't want to leave his brother behind.“We only have the one opening kiddo. I know you like working with your brother, but I don't think construction is the right job for him.” Yuichi explained.Karamatsu sat silently for a moment. He did want a job, and he did really like working here. But on the other hand, Choromatsu wouldn't be with him, and getting a full time job would probably piss off Osomatsu even more than he already was. “Can I have some time to think about it?” Karamatsu finally asked.“Sure thing. Take all the time you need. I know this is a big decision for you. Let me know by the end of this week.”Karamatsu got up and went to shake Yuichi’s hand. “Alright. Thank you so much boss.”Karamatsu left the office feeling a bit conflicted. He wasn't sure what action to take. If things went really south with Osomatsu today, maybe he’d need a job to help support him and Choromatsu. Well he could decide later.Karamatsu walked towards the exit, when he noticed something green lying on the ground. He bent over to examine it. It was the frog charm that had been on Choromatsu’s phone. He must’ve dropped it when he left earlier. Karamatsu picked it up and put it in his pocket. He would return it to Choromatsu when he saw him later. 
As Karamatsu walked back to his house, he stopped in at a convenience store. With a bit of guilt, he bought a pack of cigarettes. He wanted at least something to clear his mind. Hopefully Choromatsu wouldn't be too mad with him.
Karamatsu reached his house. He really didn’t want to go inside without Choromatsu. He sat on the curb, lit a cigarette, and took out his phone. He sent a quick text to Choromatsu. “Hey brother B). Let me know when you are on your way over to our house. I'm here already.”Choromatsu didn’t reply immediately. Karamatsu assumed he must be busy getting the tickets. Karamatsu wondered when the next Nyaa-Chan concert even was. Well he could look it up right now! He had the power of technology right in his hand. Karamatsu opened up his web browser and searched for Nyaa-Chan.What he saw made him drop his cigarette and nearly his phone. This couldn't be right. There was no way. Karamatsu opened an article and quickly scanned through it. Nyaa-Chan had retired and gotten married? There were even photos of her wedding.What?Choromatsu had to know about this. There was no way he didn't know his favorite idol had retired. No way. So wait, then where exactly did Choromatsu go today?Karamatsu felt like his stomach had dropped out. Something was seriously wrong. With a shaking hand he called Choromatsu. “Please pick up, please pick up.”The phone rang so many times Karamatsu was sure it was going to voicemail, when suddenly he heard Choromatsu's voice. “Karamatsu?” His voice sounded distant, almost drowned out by the sounds of passing cars and people talking around him."Choromatsu, where are you?” Karamatsu asked frantically.“I'm getting the tickets to the Nyaa-Chan concert of course.”“No you aren't. Don't lie to me! Nyaa-Chan retired!” Karamatsu shouted.“Oh.” Choromatsu sounded cold. “You found out huh. Listen Karamatsu. I’m sorry. I have to break our promise.”“No! What are you talking about? Tell me where you are!” Karamatsu’s heart was pounding out of control. He could hardly hear anything else besides his own heartbeat in his ears.Choromatsu laughed sadly. “This is for the best. Please go make up with Osomatsu and keep on living. Please Karamatsu nii-san. I want you to be happy.”“Where are you! Tell me right now!” Karamatsu screamed into the phone. This wasn't happening. This couldn't be happening. Choromatsu was the one who wanted to call off the suicide pact! He was the one who had made the pinkie promise for them both to live! He had been so happy! Why was he doing this now? 
“Good night. Good bye.” The line went dead.




Chapter End Notes
Oh wait now I remember what I wanted to call this chapter. "Let's End This Just as it Began; With a Pinkie Promise and a Lie."


His Reason
Chapter Summary
Choromatsu had failed once before. He wouldn't fail again.
Chapter Notes
This chapter's from Choromatsu's perspective! 
Again, thank you for all the wonderful comments. The last chapter had so many nice comments I started to cry a bit? Cause I'm a huge baby? Just, thank you. I hope you enjoy this chapter :3

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Choromatsu hung up the phone, and as soon as he did, he also turned it off. The phone rested in his hands, the screen completely black. Choromatsu couldn't help but to stare at his own reflection.
Why had he picked up in the first place?
Maybe he just wanted to hear Karamatsu’s voice one last time. He hadn't expected that Karamatsu had found out about Nyaa-Chan. That didn't explain why he had told Karamatsu that he was going to kill himself.
You want him to stop you - a small nagging voice said in the back of Choromatsu's head. No he didn’t! He just didn't feel right not telling Karamatsu the truth after all of this.
Liar - the voice said. Well he was a liar. Right from the very start. But Choromatsu had only lied to protect Karamatsu. He really just wanted him to be happy in the end.
People walked around Choromatsu, occasionally bumping into him. He snapped back to reality and remembered he was standing at a crosswalk, waiting for the light to change. At least he had been, before Karamatsu had called him. Now he had just been standing there for several minutes just looking at his turned off phone. Looking at his own blank expression that was reflected back. He couldn't stay still anymore. It was time to get going. Choromatsu crossed the street.
Before him stood a rather tall building. A sign affixed to the front said “TLS Offices.” Choromatsu wasn't sure what TLS stood for, but he supposed it didn't matter. This wasn't the first time he had come to this building. Once, back when he was in high school he had come here. The security was very minimal here, and the side door was always left unlocked, giving just about anyone access to the roof. When he had come here before, he had snuck up there with his friends, and they had spent the night drinking and looking at the stars. One of his friends, a rather foolish young man named Daisuke, had nearly fallen to his death walking along the edge of the building. There was no fence or railing or any other protection to just stop someone from walking off the edge.
That’s what made it so perfect. Choromatsu pulled on the door handle. It was unlocked. He didn't know if he should be relieved or disappointed by that. Well it was too late to turn back now. Choromatsu entered the stairwell and started climbing his way up the ten flights of stairs.
Choromatsu could hardly keep his feet moving up. He was terrified. Not only of heights, but of dying. That’s why he had started talking to Karamatsu on those forums. He vaguely remembered some of the posts Karamatsu had made on the forums, all typed in a decidedly unKaramatsu-like fashion. Things like, “I want to die so badly, but I'm so scared. I can't do it on my own.” All those thoughts so perfectly echoed the thoughts in Choromatsu's head. Well maybe that made sense in a way. They were identical.
Choromatsu recalled how much time Karamatsu had spent on his phone when he first got it. He would always be scrolling through something, or typing away. Now Choromatsu realized that Karamatsu had been talking to him all that time. How bizarre. Two suicidal people chatting with each from across the room and not even realizing it. Maybe that's what hurt the most when he had discovered it was Karamatsu. Choromatsu liked to think he knew a lot about his brothers. So why hadn't he ever noticed Karamatsu’s true feelings? Choromatsu remembered back to the day they first met.
 

 
MyLightShinesForYou: See you at Sutabaa, I'll be wearing a blue scarf so you can recognize me
Nyaafan96: Alright. See you soon.
 
Choromatsu shoved his phone into his pocket. It was still well before the meeting time, but Choromatsu liked to be early. He always said that if you weren't five minutes early, you are late! Choromatsu wasn't going to be late for what would probably be his last meeting with anyone ever. He started to walk towards the door when he heard a voice call out to him. “Oi, where are you going Choromatsu?”
Choromatsu looked over to where Osomatsu was sitting. “Uh, just out for a bit. I probably won't be back until very late, so don't wait up for me.”
Osomatsu rubbed his nose. “When you say it like that, it sounds like you are going out on a date.”
Yeah, a date with death. Not that he could say that out loud. “Just meeting up with someone. It's really not all that exciting. I'll tell you all about it when I come back.” If he ever came back.
“You better!” Osomatsu laughed.
Choromatsu made his way down the street, his stomach feeling like it was full of rampaging bulls. He didn't know who he would be meeting up with, but he hoped their meeting would go well. Maybe MyLightShinesForYou was a girl? That name didn't sound particularly feminine, but they did say they would be wearing a scarf. The only man Choromatsu knew who would wear a scarf in the summer time was his painful older brother.
Well it didn't matter. As long as they wanted to die, and they could do it together, that was what mattered. Choromatsu just wanted to put an end to this miserable failure of a life he had been leading.
Choromatsu walked into Sutabaa. He was still a bit early, so he doubted his future suicide partner could be here already. Yet when he scanned the interior, he did see someone wearing a blue scarf. Karamatsu.
It couldn't be him though. It just couldn't be.
 

 
But it had been him.
Choromatsu continued dragging his feet up the stairs, his hand heavy on the railing. It's not like he was physically tired, he just felt exhausted. This was his death march after all. At least he wouldn't have to walk back down, he thought with a small laugh.
His thoughts turned back to Karamatsu again. Karamatsu was drowning. Drowning in a sea of his own despair and hopelessness. Choromatsu had realized that at some point, that his older brother was drowning and calling out for help. But no one was there to lend him a hand. No one was there to help pull him from his self-hatred for even a breath of fresh air. So Karamatsu drowned himself in alcohol instead. “I've been drinking to ease the pain. Everyday is so painful. I'm so painful.” Karamatsu had said those words to Choromatsu. Karamatsu was right in a way. He was painful. It hurt so much that Choromatsu was unable to help him. Because that's what Choromatsu realized he wanted. He wanted to save Karamatsu. He didn't want Karamatsu to die. He never intended to let him kill himself. That’s why Choromatsu had started to lie. A lie as simple as an item on a bucket list that could never be completed. And as long as they couldn't complete the bucket list, Choromatsu still had time to save his brother.
Everyone took advantage of Karamatsu, since he was so desperate for affection. Karamatsu would do anything to make his brothers happy. Of course no matter what he did, that affection never came. Choromatsu was certain he could show his brother some kindness and make him realize that life was worth living. That alone wouldn't be enough, and Choromatsu knew that. He had to get everyone else to do it as well. That way, when Choromatsu inevitably died, Karamatsu wouldn't be left to drown again.
Of course, a different opinion began to dawn on Choromatsu when he saw Karamatsu interacting with people outside their family. Once other people got to know Karamatsu, they all seemed to really like him. Was it perhaps only his own family that was bringing Karamatsu down so low? Hiroshi treated Karamatsu with respect despite his theatrics. Yuichi thought he was a good worker. And then there was Maaya and Fumi. Choromatsu remembered back to the night of the mixer.
 

 
“Sorry ta pull ya away like this,” Maaya said, her hand still wrapped around his arm. Choromatsu. Choromatsu was about to have a panic attack. A girl was touching him! A real life girl was touching him! No he couldn't focus on that, she was saying something now. “Come, sit with me over here for a bit.” Maaya pointed towards a booth near the corner of the bar.
“Um, okay?” Choromatsu got dragged along with Maaya to the booth. He sat down and Maaya sat across from him. He felt like his stomach was full of butterflies. Why did Maaya want to talk to him?
“So Choro-kun, can I let ya in on a little secret?” Maaya asked, leaning back in the booth, relaxing a bit. Choromatsu nodded, too tense to even speak. “Well your pink brother doesn't know this, but I'm already dating someone.”
Choromatsu rubbed the bridge of his nose. Of course. The only girl to ever talk to him was already in a relationship. “So then why did you come here then?”
“I wanted my girlfriend to talk ta some people who aren't me. Fumi-chan gets real nervous around other people. I thought it would be good for her ta talk ta some people she doesn't know that well. Like your brother.”
“Oh, really?” Choromatsu said, feeling a lot less nervous talking to Maaya now. “I have a hard time talking to people I don't know too, I guess. Aren't you afraid of Karamatsu hitting on your girlfriend though?”
“Nah, he's harmless. I think he's pretty funny. Actually, that's what I wanted ta tell ya! Fumi-chan said that your brother was cool! Can you believe that?” Maaya pounded on the table with her fist as she laughed.
Choromatsu couldn't believe it, but maybe it was true. Was his brother actually cool? Was his brother the kind of person other people could rely on?
It sure seemed that way. Why hadn't he noticed before?
 

 
 
Choromatsu finally reached the top of the long staircase. He put his hand on the door to the roof. All the green nail polish that had adorned his nails before was now gone. Choromatsu hadn't minded wearing it. It had made Karamatsu happy. There were so many little things that made Karamatsu happy. But for every moment of happiness, a moment of pain was always lurking right around the corner.
Choromatsu pushed the door open. He had finally made it. Choromatsu put his hand in his pocket and felt the note he had written earlier. He wondered if something as simple as a note could accurately describe all of his feelings. Probably not. It didn't really matter anyway. Feelings are such an unpredictable thing anyway.
Feelings, huh. Choromatsu realized something along the way about Karamatsu. Karamatsu was dependable, but he was also self sacrificing to an almost absurd degree. Even to Choromatsu. Choromatsu began to realize that Karamatsu would probably never admit it, but Choromatsu was a big part of why Karamatsu wanted to die. It was really all Choromatsu’s fault. Choromatsu had unintentionally hurt Karamatsu so many times. And over the past ten days since they started this whole plan, he just continued to hurt Karamatsu more and more. Because he refused to talk to Osomatsu, Osomatsu yelled at Karamatsu. Because he hit Ichimatsu, Karamatsu had argued with Ichimatsu and ended up hurting his hand. Choromatsu really just failed at every single thing he did. He couldn't make Karamatsu happy, he made his life worse at every turn.
It was all his fault.
That's when he saw it. That night at Chibita’s when Karamatsu had come back drunk and injured, Karamatsu had dropped his phone on the ground. Choromatsu had picked it up and looked at it while Karamatsu was changing in the bathroom. He wished he hadn't.
Choromatsu had opened up his web browser, and besides a Google search for “glitter pants” of all things, Karamatsu had a bunch of tabs open to things like “how to stop someone from killing themselves,” and “how to help a depressed friend.” Choromatsu realized something then. Karamatsu didn't want Choromatsu to die, did he? Then perhaps the heaviest pain Karamatsu had been carrying over the last ten days was the weight of Choromatsu wanting to die. Choromatsu had to fix that.
Choromatsu sat down on the roof and took his shoes off. He was too afraid to approach the edge yet, but even that simple act of taking his shoes off made this whole situation feel more real. Soon Choromatsu would step between the threshold of this life and the next. Choromatsu lined up his shoes neatly next to each other. The note that he had been carrying in his pocket was placed against them. Someone would find these later on, Choromatsu was sure. That was a strange thing to think of. The world would keep going on without him in it. His death would mean very little. Choromatsu sighed.
Karamatsu had to stay alive. In the last few days Choromatsu had done all he could to ensure his brother wanted to keep on living. From setting up a concert for him to faking that he wanted to live. It had all been for Karamatsu’s sake. Choromatsu remembered how less than two weeks ago his slightly older brother hardly mattered to him at all. Now he meant the world to him. If only Choromatsu wasn't…
You are jealous of him - the nagging voice in his head supplied. Well maybe that was true. Karamatsu was amazing. Karamatsu was confident in himself and made friends easily. He was everything that Choromatsu secretly wished he could be. But he never could be like that. Choromatsu was a miserable failure of a human being.
Hiroshi had pulled Choromatsu aside at lunch today and told him all about how Yuichi was going to offer Karamatsu a permanent job. What was supposed to be amazing news felt like a knife being twisted in Choromatsu’s heart. Karamatsu was even better at Choromatsu at getting a job. Choromatsu wanted to be proud, but he just wanted to die. He wanted to stop being a failure.
 
He had failed at killing himself once before. He would not fail this time.
 
Choromatsu stood up, his legs feeling like jelly. It was terrifying. He was really going to kill himself after all this time.
The feelings Choromatsu had the first time he had tried to kill himself all came rushing back to him. This had all started so very long ago. With just one simple piece of news, Choromatsu’s life came crashing down around him.
Nyaa-chan retired. She was getting married.
It's not like it really mattered. She was just some silly idol. But she mattered to him. No, it was maybe what Nyaa-chan represented in his mind that mattered the most. It was complicated, but she had been a little light of happiness to him. And once she was gone, Choromatsu knew that he had to change as well. He had to grow up. He had to stop talking about getting a job and actually do it.
So he did.
But even that had ended in failure. Choromatsu had torn his family apart in the process. And then he began to see the truth. He really didn't want to change. He wanted things to go on like they always did forever. He didn't want to be an adult. He couldn't handle the pressure of a job. He hated living alone. He was such a failure. He couldn't go on living.
Choromatsu walked to the side of the building. He couldn't help but to look down at the alley below his feet. It was so far down. Choromatsu felt dizzy and sick. It would probably hurt. Even if he died, it would probably hurt. He couldn't do this, he couldn't do this!
But he had to. There was no way back for him anymore. He could never make up for all his past mistakes. He could never become an adult. Death was his only option.
Choromatsu had no more hope.
Just one step and it would all be over. Just one step and he would be dead. He would finally succeed at something in his miserable life.
 
He stood on the precipice of life and death and took a step forward.



Chapter End Notes
Only one chapter left! It will take a bit more time. Like three days? Maybe four. Because reasons. You'll see. 
In the meantime, why dont' you listen to this super angsty playlist of songs I made for this story! Here


My Light Shines For You
Chapter Summary
Karamatsu won't let the light of hope be extinguished
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Karamatsu tried to call Choromatsu back. The phone went directly to voicemail. Shit. He had turned off his phone. This couldn't be it. This couldn't be the end. Karamatsu wouldn't let that happen. He wouldn't let Choromatsu break their promise.That light, that tiny spark of hope was still alive within Karamatsu. He would never let it go out again. He would show it to Choromatsu. He would let his light shine.Karamatsu couldn't just stand still anymore. He ran into his house without even bothering to take his shoes off. He looked into the living room, the door to it still broken, but none of his brothers were there. He needed them! He needed their help! Where were they? Karamatsu ran up the stairs to their shared bedroom and slid open the door.There was Ichimatsu, Jyushimatsu, Todomatsu, and lastly Osomatsu. Osomatsu was lying on the floor ignoring everything around him. Karamatsu could feel his heartbeat quicken. How could he possibly explain everything quickly? They had to go search for Choromatsu. They had to find him!Everyone but Osomatsu turned to look at Karamatsu. Todomatsu said in a small voice, “Karamatsu? What's going on?”Karamatsu ignored him for the time being. He knew he had to talk to Osomatsu first. He walked up to his elder brother and crouched in front of him. “I need your help Osomatsu.”Osomatsu’s eyes flared to life, “Why should I help you with anything? Haven't you done enough to destroy this family?”Karamatsu did not have time to be arguing right now. He grabbed a hold of the front of Osomatsu’s hoodie and pulled him up so they were eye level. “Listen here Osomatsu.” Karamatsu said in his most demanding voice. “If you don't help me our family is going to be destroyed in a much more horrific way.”Osomatsu gulped at Karamatsu’s sudden show of dominance. “What are you talking about?”Karamatsu didn't want to say this, but he had no choice. “Choromatsu is trying to kill himself, and I don't know where he is, but we need to go find him before he hurts himself. Do you understand?”“What?” Ichimatsu suddenly blurted out. “But you were the one who…” Ichimatsu covered his mouth like he suddenly realized something.Karamatsu let Osomatsu go. Osomatsu glared at him, “There is no way that Choromatsu would do something like that.”Karamatsu threw his hands up in the air. “Ugh! Listen here Osomatsu. You don't know everything that's been happening this past week. We…” Karamatsu faltered for a moment. Could he really tell them all the truth now? He didn't have a choice and time was wasting. “We made a suicide pact. We were going to kill ourselves together. That's why we got a job and couldn't tell you. It was to pay for our funerals so we wouldn't burden you! So stop wasting time. Choromatsu decided to go off somewhere and he's going to kill himself unless we can find him.”Silence filled the room as everyone tried to process the information Karamatsu had just unloaded. The silence was only interrupted when Todomatsu let out a small sob. “You wanted to die nii-san?”“That's not important right now. We have to find Choromatsu!”Osomatsu was trembling in front of Karamatsu. He put a hand to his mouth as tears shone in his eyes. “I was wrong about everything…” Osomatsu stood up. “We have to find him! Do you know where he might be?”Karamatsu shook his head. But then he remembered the phone call. Hadn't he heard some noises in the background? “He has to be somewhere in the city. I heard a lot of cars and people when I spoke on the phone with him.”“Okay, that's not much to go on, but let's go guys.” Osomatsu ran out of the room followed by Ichimatsu and Jyushimatsu.Todomatsu hung back a bit, and tugged at Karamatsu’s sleeve. “Are you alright Karamatsu nii-san?”“Totty, I'm fine. I'll tell you everything once we find Choromatsu. Okay?” Karamatsu put his hand on his youngest brother’s shoulder.“Alright.” Todomatsu wiped tears from the corners of his eyes. “I'm calling the police. Let me get your contact information in case you find him first.”Karamatsu quickly traded his contact information with Todomatsu. He then ran out the door as Todomatsu called the police. Karamatsu felt bad for worrying his younger brother, but he could feel bad later.  Right now Choromatsu was the main priority.Karamatsu wasn't even sure what direction to run in, but he had to run. He started towards the direction of their job. Choromatsu couldn't have gone too far from there, right? Where could he have gone? Karamatsu wished he could just have eyes all over the city so he could find him.Wait. Wait just a second. Eyes all over the city, like security cameras? Karamatsu quickly took out his phone, and ran as fast as he could while typing. MatsunoKaramatsu: Fumi i neeeed ur heplMatsunoKaramatsu: helpMeganeHakka: What's wrong Kara-kun?MatsunoKaramatsu: can you find my brothrrMatsunoKaramatsu: with the security cameras?MatsunoKaramatsu: hes trying to kill himself!!MeganeHakka: Oh my godMeganeHakka: Yes. Where and when did you see him last?MatsunoKaramatsu: at work at about 5pm hes the one who always wears green if that helps Karamatsu quickly typed in the address of his workplace as he continued to run. He was relatively near his job, and he was also getting closer to the center of the city. He gave a silent prayer to whatever God might be listening that Fumi would be able to find him. His noticed he had a new message and looked back to his phone. MeganeHakka: I found him!MeganeHakka: He just went in the side door of a building called TLS Offices. Karamatsu felt like he could cry. So Choromatsu was still alive, and now he knew where he was. He could still save him! Fumi was still typing in their chat. MeganeHakka: I’ll send you the directions.MeganeHakka: Hurry and save him!MatsunoKaramatsu: thank you!! Karamatsu opened a link that showed him the address of TLS offices. It wasn't too far from his current location. He could make it! He would make it. Karamatsu shoved his phone back in his pocket and sprinted with renewed vigor to the building.As if the whole world decided to help Karamatsu, he didn't run into any red lights or anything that would impede his forward momentum. He reached the TLS offices in only a few minutes. He remembered that Fumi said he had gone in the side door. Choromatsu must be going to the roof to jump. Karamatsu threw open the side door and started sprinting up the stairs. He had to make it in time. He had to reach his brother before he jumped!Karamatsu reached the top floor. He burst through the door and saw Choromatsu standing on the side of building. His shoes were already off. He was about to jump. Karamatsu put all his strength into his legs and pushed himself forward. Choromatsu was taking a step forward. No. No!Karamatsu reached out his hand and               

           

            



He wrapped his hand around Choromatsu’s arm and pulled as hard as he could. Choromatsu went stumbling back, falling into Karamatsu and knocking them both to the ground.Karamatsu wrapped his arms around Choromatsu in a tight embrace. He had done it. Choromatsu was safe and warm in his arms. He was still alive.He was still alive!Karamatsu began to cry, his tears running down his face like a river. Choromatsu held tightly onto Karamatsu, burying his face into his brother's hoodie. Choromatsu started to cry as well, sobbing as he finally spoke. “I, I, I was so scared. I was so scared.”“It's okay.” Karamatsu rubbed his back, “It's okay. You are okay.”“Karamatsu nii-san,” Choromatsu cried, his voice muffled by Karamatsu’s hoodie. “I was going to jump.” Choromatsu screamed with despair. “I was really gonna do it. I was so scared.”“Shh, it's okay. You are safe now.” Karamatsu could hardly believe it. He had really saved him from the very brink of death. He had almost been too late. But he hadn't been and Choromatsu was really okay.“Why did you save me Karamatsu nii-san?” Choromatsu suddenly asked.“What?” Karamatsu’s mind reeled. “Because I love you and I would never want you to die.”Choromatsu looked up, his eyes red and swollen. “But I've hurt you so much and done everything wrong and I just keep failing at everything I do and-”“No, you haven't.” Karamatsu interrupted. “You haven't hurt me at all. If anything the kindness you've shown me these past days has saved me. You made me want to live. If it wasn't for you then…” Karamatsu didn't want to finish his sentence. If Choromatsu hadn’t been there for him, he would have killed himself by now. “You saved me.”Choromatsu started to cry again. “You are too kind to me. You are so much better than me. You are so confident and strong and everything I want to be. But I can never be like that. I did nothing to help you.”“Heh, I'm not confident or strong at all. I'm so weak. I hide behind a mask and pretend to be. I just feel so...empty. We are both broken Choromatsu, but that doesn't mean we should die. Let's try to fix the broken parts of ourselves. Let’s keep living. Let's promise, we are in this together.”Karamatsu held out his pinkie finger, for hopefully the last time. After the tiniest moment of hesitation, Choromatsu linked pinkies with Karamatsu. His crying face broke into a smile. “It's a promise then.”
  Karamatsu contacted Todomatsu to let him know that they were safe. Todomatsu said he'd contact the police and try to get everyone else back together at home. Karamatsu felt absolutely exhausted, but he knew his family would have a lot of questions for them once they got back. He wasn't sure if he would be able to answer everything. It felt like he had swallowed a rather large rock and it had settled into his stomach. He would have to explain everything to everyone now.Karamatsu called over a cab, and they both got in. Choromatsu almost instantly fell asleep against him. He must be exhausted as well. Karamatsu took a quick moment to let Fumi know he had found his brother and to thank her. He slipped his phone back in his pocket, and closed his eyes for just a moment...He hadn’t even realized that he had fallen asleep until the cab driver woke him up in front of their house. Karamatsu paid the driver, and they both got out and stood in front of their house. “I'm scared to talk to everyone.” Choromatsu said, looking towards the ground.Karamatsu grabbed his hand. “We'll be alright brother.” He squeezed his hand, and Choromatsu squeezed back. Together they both stepped into the house.Matsuyo was waiting just inside the doorway. “My precious sons!” She wrapped her arms around them both, her voice hoarse as if she had been crying. “I'm so glad you are both safe. Everyone is waiting.” Matsuyo ushered them into the living room.All of their brothers were gathered in the room around the table. Matsuzo was there too, and Matsuyo went and stood next to him. Todomatsu leapt up and nearly knocked over Karamatsu with a hug. “Nii-san! I was so worried.” He sobbed.“Heh, we are fine now Totty.” Karamatsu ruffled his hair.“You aren't fine. You wanted to die.” Todomatsu sobbed. “Why didn't you tell me anything?” Todomatsu continued to wail.“Totty, I'm sure they'll explain everything to us.” Osomatsu said, his voice low. “Let's all sit down and have a little chat, okay?”Karamatsu and Choromatsu sat down at the living room table with their brothers and their mother and father. Karamatsu started to tell the story of everything that happened, with Choromatsu chiming in from time to time. How they met online, their suicide pact, and the bucket lists. Todomatsu kept on sobbing throughout the whole conversation and Jyushimatsu comforted him. It felt painful to finally speak the truth, but in a way it was a relief. There were no more secrets now.After Karamatsu finished the story, the room was quiet again. Osomatsu looked at Karamatsu and Choromatsu. He then leapt across the table and wrapped his arms around them both. “I'm so sorry. I'm supposed to be the eldest brother and I didn't know anything. I kept yelling at you guys. I'm so stupid!”“It's okay Osomatsu.” Choromatsu said. “But you are pretty stupid.”Osomatsu let them go and sat back in his seat. He rubbed at his nose as tears formed in his eyes. “Next time I'm that stupid, you can give me a black eye!” Osomatsu laughed.“Haha, I will.” Choromatsu grinned.Matsuyo spoke up, “You boys should start to see a psychiatrist. We can start looking for one tomorrow.”“A psychiatrist?” Choromatsu just about yelped.“Tch, it's not so bad. I’ve been seeing one for years.” Ichimatsu said from his corner of the table.“You have?” Karamatsu didn't know that. Maybe there were a lot of things he still didn't know. He was happy to be alive, now he'd have lots of time to find all of that out.Ichimatsu shrugged. “It’s no big deal.”“We can talk more about this later. Since your father is home, why don't we all go out for a big family dinner?” Matsuyo clapped her hands together.“Sushi! Sushi!” Jyushimatsu yelled as he jumped up.Karamatsu smiled. Everything really was going to be okay now.  
After such a big dinner and an emotionally exhausting day, Karamatsu should’ve been able to fall asleep rather quickly. Instead he was on the roof, smoking a cigarette. He wished he could be playing guitar right now, but he didn't want to wake up his brothers. So he just smoked his cigarette and looked up at the stars. Even though he knew everything would be okay now, his mind kept replaying the scene of Choromatsu about to jump. It had been so scary…Karamatsu heard a noise from below. He looked and saw Choromatsu climbing up onto the roof. “Ah, I thought you were afraid of heights brother.”“I thought you quit smoking!” Choromatsu frowned, but went and sat next to Karamatsu. “Can't sleep?”“Heh, I guess sleep has eluded me yet again.” Karamatsu said taking a long drag of his cigarette. “Ah right, I forgot about this earlier.” Karamatsu reached into his pocket and pulled out the frog charm. “You dropped this.”“Oh! Thank you.” Choromatsu took the charm and started attaching it back to his cellphone.“There is something else I feel like I should tell you as well. Don't be angry with me, but I lied to you from the beginning of our pact. I never wanted you to die Choromatsu.” Karamatsu looked up at the stars, afraid of his brothers reaction.“We are both liars then. I never wanted you to die either.” Choromatsu laughed.“Heh. That's why you put the Nyaa-chan concert on your bucket list?” Karamatsu asked.“Yeah. I bet that's why you put such complicated things on yours as well. You know Karamatsu, I'm really glad it was you that I meet online.”Karamatsu put an arm around Choromatsu. “Me too. Me too.”  
  Karamatsu took a look around the side of the stage. He could see everyone cheering and clapping for Totoko. Choromatsu had insisted that Karamatsu still have his concert despite everything that had happened, since he had spent so much time setting it up. Karamatsu was a bit glad. He just hoped it would be a good show.The past month had practically flown by. Karamatsu had accepted the permanent job at Fujimoto Construction. He had been conflicted at first, but with all of his brother's insistence, he had decided. Osomatsu even cheered him on. Karamatsu guessed that Osomatsu had realized that getting jobs wasn't the end of the world. They could work and still all stay together.Karamatsu had also started to see a psychiatrist. It was difficult at first, but he was making steps. The psychiatrist had told him that he wasn't alone in his thoughts of being a burden or feeling empty inside. Together they were working on helping change Karamatsu’s opinion of himself. Maybe he could be as confident as he always pretended to be. Choromatsu had been seeing one as well. It seemed to be greatly helping with all his anxieties. Slowly they were both becoming people who could smile more naturally. It was nice.Totoko took a bow, and the audience roared with applause. Karamatsu didn't feel that nervous about going on stage. He had been practicing in all his free time. Now it was finally time for everyone to hear his song. Karamatsu grinned as he stepped out onto the stage himself, guitar in hand.Karamatsu stood center stage. The lights of the stage were almost blinding, but he could make out all his family and friends in the audience. He would make this a show to remember. Karamatsu picked up a microphone. “Hello my lovely Karamatsu Fans! Please let my song strike you like a shining ray of hope!”Karamatsu looked back at the band Choromatsu had hired. He nodded to them. “1, 2, 3, Let’s go!”






Chapter End Notes
It's done! It's finally done! My longest fanfic ever! AhahahahhahahahhaOkay actually it's not done. There will be a bonus chapter tomorrow that was originally supposed to be Chapter 16, but I took it out because I think it messed with the flow of the story and wasn't really necessary. It's the whole story from Ichimatsu's perspective from Chapter 2 to Chapter 15. Soo look forward to that. And hey, follow me on tumbr, my main blog is stormoftara and my Osomatsu side blog is taramatsu-sanI'm gonna take a break from writing for a bit, but I already have an idea cooking for a new story, so be sure to follow me on tumblr to find out when that happens lol.I love you guys! BYE.


Bonus Chapter: Ichimatsu's Story
Chapter Summary
Ichimatsu's side of the story, from chapters 2 to 15
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Everything had changed in that moment. It was just an ordinary night when Ichimatsu had woken up, and he felt thirsty. Not that strange, but Ichimatsu really didn't want to get up from the comfort of the futon. Maybe he should just wake up his stupid older brother and make him get some water. But Karamatsu wasn't on the futon next to him. Well maybe he had gotten thirsty as well. Ichimatsu went downstairs and went into the kitchen.He filled a glass with water and quickly gulped it down. His throat felt much better now. Oh, but what was that on the counter? One of his idiot brothers had left a knife just sitting out. A real sharp one. Someone could get hurt. Ichimatsu replaced it back in the drawer.But where was Karamatsu? No one had been in the bathroom, so where was he? It didn't seem like him to get up in the middle of the night. Ichimatsu rolled his eyes to himself, and looked into the living room. There was Painful-san. Sleeping on the living room table surrounded by beers. It wasn't like him to drink, but hey, maybe he was finally trying to be as shitty as the rest of them. Ichimatsu kicked him in the back to wake him up. “Shittymatsu, what are you doing?”Karamatsu sat up in a daze, rubbing his back where he had been kicked. “I was, uh, sleeping?”Oh yeah right. Likely story. All Karamatsu ever did was lie, after all.  “Sleeping in the living room? Surrounded by beers? I don't think so.” Ichimatsu noticed that Karamatsu had been writing something. What a dumb poem, or something? “Huh, what's this paper?”Ichimatsu went to reach for it, but he only got a glimpse of it before Karamatsu snatched it up. “It's nothing my dear brother, just some of my painful poetry.”He said all that with a smile. A lying smile. A smile that betrayed the fact that the paper had definitely been a suicide note.  Ichimatsu couldn't deal with this on his own. He pulled Osomatsu aside the next morning before Karamatsu woke up. “I'm worried about Shittymatsu. He was drinking alone last night. And he was writing something. It looked like a suicide note. And there was a knife out in the kitchen…”Osomatsu looked shocked, “What? Karamatsu? Are you sure? He doesn't seem depressed or anything.”Ichimatsu gritted his teeth. No, of course he didn't seem depressed to you, idiot older brother! But he couldn't say that. “I'm sure. His note said, ‘My dear brothers, I'm sorry for being so painful, I'm better off dead.’ Or something like that.”“Well,” Osomatsu scratched his nose. “If you are worried I'll talk to him, okay?” Osomatsu patted Ichimatsu on the shoulder. Ichimatsu was worried. What if Karamatsu just lied to Osomatsu? Osomatsu wouldn't be able to tell! But it was out of his hands now. He would let his older brother take care of it.  Karamatsu had been acting strangely, but so had Choromatsu. Ichimatsu doubted anyone else but him would have noticed. Karamatsu had gotten a strange phone call, and left the house. Choromatsu followed not long after. Those two never spent time together. What could they be doing?That night, Ichimatsu noticed that Karamatsu had left the futon. He was scared. Ichimatsu was so scared. What if Karamatsu was still trying to hurt himself despite Osomatsu insisting he was fine? Ichimatsu followed him downstairs. Karamatsu was standing in the bathroom, drinking a beer and reaching for something in the cabinet. Of course he was drinking again. Ichimatsu wanted to yell at him, but he stayed silent until Karamatsu eventually dropped his hand without taking anything and closed the medicine cabinet.Then Ichimatsu yelled at him. Something was going on, and Karamatsu was still just boldly lying to Ichimatsu’s face. It was so infuriating. What was worse was that Ichimatsu couldn't help him, could he? Ichimatsu couldn't help anyone. After Ichimatsu went back to the futon, he tried to sleep, but he just wanted to cry. It wasn't often that he actually felt like crying. Stupid Shittymatsu. It was all his fault that Ichimatsu felt this way. Ichimatsu tried to cry silently, but Karamatsu seemed to notice. Shit. Last thing Ichimatsu wanted was for Karamatsu to see him crying. Karamatsu didn't say anything to Ichimatsu though, so maybe he hadn’t heard.The next day, while Karamatsu and Choromatsu were both out of the house all day, Ichimatsu checked the medicine cabinet. The place he had been reaching for? Those were his mother's sleeping pills. Karamatsu was not alright. Karamatsu was the complete opposite of alright. Osomatsu didn't know what he was talking about. Ichimatsu took the pills out of the cabinet. He wouldn't let Karamatsu take them. But what was he supposed to do with them? “Mom, I think you should keep these in your room.” Ichimatsu had eventually gone to his mother with them. It seemed like the best option.“What’s this? My sleeping pills? Why is that?” Matsuyo took the pill bottle in her hands. She frowned slightly.“Tch. No reason. Just, someone could take them.” Ichimatsu couldn't tell her the whole story. He knew Karamatsu would just lie about everything if he was questioned now. He had to get Karamatsu to talk. Then maybe he would finally accept help. Ichimatsu just didn't know how to make him stop lying.Matsuyo’s expression turned worried. “Are you feeling bad Ichimatsu? Were you thinking of taking these? Should I make an appointment with your doctor?”“No, no. I'm fine. Just keep them in your room.” Ichimatsu said with more force than was probably needed. God, Karamatsu was causing him so much trouble!  “Why is Choromatsu ignoring me! Is he mad at me?” Osomatsu shouted in their bedroom to Ichimatsu. They had just gotten back from the movies. The movie they were all supposed to go see together. But Choromatsu and Karamatsu hadn't been home, so they had gone without them. When they got back, Choromatsu and Karamatsu had both been asleep on the couch. Ichimatsu had covered them with a blanket, but Osomatsu had pulled him upstairs after that.“I just don’t get it, why is Choromatsu suddenly spending all his time with Karamatsu? Those two never hung out before!” Osomatsu continued to rant.“I doubt he's mad at you, who knows what he's doing. You should try to talk to him.” Ichimatsu was probably the worst person to ask for advice. Why were those two always together now? Choromatsu was pretty smart, he noticed things. Maybe he had noticed that Karamatsu was upset and was trying to cheer him up?Well it didn't matter. It turned out that Choromatsu was actually upset with Osomatsu. Choromatsu had screamed at Osomatsu and stormed out of the house. Of course Karamatsu followed him. Ichimatsu had seen them both at the mall earlier that day, which was strange. Choromatsu avoided big crowds unless it was a convention or concert or something. Speaking of, he hadn't seen Choromatsu go to a convention or concert in quite a while now. Not that it mattered to Ichimatsu, but was something up with Choromatsu as well?The argument between Choromatsu and Osomatsu didn't last long. The next day Karamatsu and Choromatsu came home piss drunk and Choromatsu apologized. So much drama over nothing.   Karamatsu wasn't on the futon again. Ichimatsu was starting to grow used to the empty space next to him. He didn't like it. He checked the whole house for his wayward older brother, and finally found him on the roof. There he was, watching the sunrise and writing something in his notebook.It couldn't be another suicide note right? “You look more shit that usual, Shittymatsu.” Ichimatsu growled, heading over to his brother. He would find out what was going on, one way or another. Karamatsu responded with some dumb lies, which Ichimatsu ignored. “What are you writing?”“Some exquisite poetry. My finest work yet. It's not finished yet though.” Karamatsu smiled proudly but Ichimatsu knew better. He had called his last suicide note a poem, after all. Ichimatsu had to read this one.“Can I read it?” Ichimatsu ignored how surprised Karamatsu looked. He read over the poem. It really was a poem this time. It was actually well written. Had Karamatsu spent all night working on this? He needed to sleep. “It's not terrible. Now go to sleep.”Karamatsu did not come back to bed in the end though. He left the house with Choromatsu at an ungodly early hour. Those two were suspicious alright.After Ichimatsu had finished feeding his cats that day, he came home with a kitten in tow. Karamatsu was napping on the couch. Ichimatsu put a blanket over him, and cleaned up a pizza box he had left lying around. He was glad that Karamatsu was getting some sleep, but he should clean up after himself.Ichimatsu played with his kitten. Eventually he noticed that Karamatsu had woken up. He was looking intently at his phone. Ichimatsu wondered what he could be doing. He picked up his kitten and stood above Karamatsu, trying to get his attention.  He didn't mean to startle Karamatsu, but he ended up dropping his phone on his face when he noticed Ichimatsu. Ichimatsu felt bad, and went to pick up his phone, but Karamatsu snatched it up twice as fast. What had he been looking at so intently?Ichimatsu had to find out. Maybe if he invited his brother out somewhere fun? Then he would be more likely to talk to him? “Hey, do you want to go play Pachinko tomorrow night?”Karamatsu looked absolutely shocked, and started pinching himself like he thought he was dreaming. What an idiot. “Tch, you don't have to look so surprised. I just thought it would be fun.”Karamatsu started spouting out lies about how he had plans. Yeah right! Why was he always lying?! Couldn't he just tell the truth for a single minute? Fine. If being nice wouldn't work, Ichimatsu would make Karamatsu so angry he had to talk!  Ichimatsu picked up his brother’s favorite mirror. He really loved this thing. He was always gazing into it. If Ichimatsu broke this, right in front of Karamatsu, surely he would finally get mad! And stop all this bullshit lying! Yeah, this would work for sure. Ichimatsu carried the mirror into their bedroom. Karamatsu noticed him. Good. Ichimatsu lifted the mirror up, and let go, bad luck be damned.The mirror fell to the ground and shattered. Ichimatsu observed Karamatsu. Karamatsu’s smile twisted into a look of shock, sadness, and betrayal. He was finally showing his real emotions! Maybe he would yell at Ichimatsu! Yes! Yell!But he didn't yell. Choromatsu yelled at him, but Karamatsu just fucking started spouting nonsense again! “Ugh! Go die Shittymatsu!”No wait fuck! That's not what he meant to say. Karamatsu’s face looked so sad, but before Ichimatsu could say anything, he felt a swift punch directly in the eye. He tripped over backwards, and Choromatsu leapt on top of him. Oh god, what he done? “Fuck you! FUCK YOU! How could you say that to him?! What if he actually died?!”Oh no. Ichimatsu had seriously fucked up. He had ruined everything. He really was trash, wasn't he? Choromatsu lifted his fist to punch Ichimatsu again, but before he could, Karamatsu grabbed him and started pulling him out of the room. Choromatsu screamed obscenities the whole way out of the house. It wasn't until the front door closed that anyone even moved.“Are you okay Ichimatsu?” Osomatsu asked. He seemed to be in shock. That had been extremely unlike Choromatsu.Ichimatsu tenderly put a finger to his face. Ow! It really hurt. “It’s fine. I deserved it.”“You shouldn't break Karamatsu’s stuff.” Todomatsu said, sighing. Yeah, Ichimatsu already knew that he didn't need a lecture from Todomatsu of all people.“I'll get you some ice nii-san! For your eye!” Jyushimatsu ran down the stairs. It's not like Ichimatsu deserved any amount of kindness after what he’d done.Instead of answering anyone or saying anything else, Ichimatsu slowly started to pick up the broken fragments of the mirror. He kept catching glances of himself in the broken pieces. He looked terrible. Well he always looked terrible so what else was new? Ichimatsu would have to make this up to Karamatsu. Ichimatsu placed the new mirror he had bought for Karamatsu in the closet. He hoped he would like it, not that he really cared he just bought it to make up for the one he broke! Where was Karamatsu? He had been out all day. Surely Choromatsu had calmed down by now. It was dinner time! What were they doing out this late? It was too hot outside to just be hanging around.Or maybe they weren't just hanging out. What if Karamatsu had taken Ichimatsu’s words seriously? What if he had ditched Choromatsu and gone off to die somewhere? He wouldn't do that right? No, there was no way.But if he did, it would be all Ichimatsu’s fault. What if Karamatsu actually died? Ichimatsu felt panic racing through his veins. He had to go find Karamatsu!“Where are you going Ichimatsu nii-san?” Jyushimatsu asked, seeing his brother head for the door. “It's almost dinner time.”“Tch. I'm going to find Karamatsu.” Ichimatsu replied.“Do you want help?” Jyushimatsu stood up to follow Ichimatsu.“No, it's fine. I'll be back soon.” Ichimatsu left the house and started heading down the street. The sky was already gray and overcast, as if it would burst with rain at any moment. Ichimatsu didn't really care, he would find Karamatsu, but where did Karamatsu even like to go? How would he find him? Ichimatsu didn’t know anything about Karamatsu it seemed.The more Ichimatsu looked for Karamatsu, the more panicked he became. He was dead already. He was dead and it was all his fault, and-“Kara-kun!” A feminine voice called out from across the street. Ichimatsu stopped in his tracks and looked over. A young woman carrying a shopping bag was waving at him. What? Who was this woman?Ichimatsu crossed the street and went to talk with the woman. “Uh, do you know my brother?”“Hmm? Are you not Kara-kun? Which of his brothers are you?” She tilted her head like she was inspecting him.“Ichimatsu.” This was too weird. This girl really knew Karamatsu what the hell!“Ichi-kun? Are you the first born then?” She asked.“No. Fourth.”“Oh, well, anyway. I'm Aoki Fumi. I'm Kara-kun’s friend. Um, is something wrong?” Fumi asked, finally reacting to Ichimatsu’s panicked state.“I can't find Karamatsu. Have you seen him?”“I haven't seen him since last night.” Fumi put a finger to her mouth in contemplation. Wait, she saw him last night! What? Karamatsu hadn’t been lying before he really did have plans and it involved this girl what the hell? Fumi continued to speak. “I could probably find him. Can I have your contact info?”“I don't have a phone.” Ichimatsu looked towards the ground. He felt so useless. Ichimatsu was just a stupid NEET and he didn't even have a phone to contact his own brother with.“Oh, um, please don't cry. Did something bad happen to Kara-kun?”“I'm an idiot! I broke his mirror and I said mean things to him and he ran away and now I can't find him I don't know where he is! I just want to apologize to him and give him the new mirror I bought for him, not that I really care I just wanted to pay him back, but what if I never see him again?” Ichimatsu wailed. He couldn't remember the last time he spoke so much in front of a stranger, but he just felt so useless.“It’ll be, um, okay. I'm sure you'll find him. I'll look for him too, if I find him I'll tell him to go home, okay?” Fumi gave Ichimatsu a warm smile. Ichimatsu tried to return it, but he never was very good at smiling.Ichimatsu parted ways with Fumi. He had to find Karamatsu. He had to. It had been hours and it felt hopeless, but he had to find him! Rain finally started to fall from the sky, but Ichimatsu didn’t mind. He had to find his brother.Wait. Ichimatsu looked back down an alley he had just passed. There he was, standing against the wall smoking a cigarette and looking at something on his phone. Like he was cool or something. Ichimatsu tried to catch his breath after running for so long. He had found him! And he was safe! Karamatsu looked up from his phone. “Ichimatsu?”“Karamatsu, I…” Now that he had stopped running, Ichimatsu felt so exhausted. “I found you.”“You were looking for me?” Karamatsu said like that was the most ridiculous thing he had ever heard. Was it really that strange?“Well you didn't come back for dinner. I was worried.” Ichimatsu walked slowly under the awning next to his brother. Karamatsu seemed a bit off. He couldn't quite figure out why.“Why were you worried? You've never worried before. Are you just trying to be nice to me so it'll hurt more later on when you are mean to me again?”Ow. Those words hurt. Did Karamatsu really think that's what Ichimatsu had been doing? God, Ichimatsu was such an idiot. He looked down at the ground, “That's not it, I-”“I don't believe you!” Karamatsu interrupted, anger flaring to the surface. “You were nice to me for an entire day and then you broke my mirror! Obviously every action you take is just to hurt me more.”Painful. Karamatsu was finally speaking the truth but it was so painful. Karamatsu really thought that Ichimatsu hated him, didn't he? Ichimatsu took a step back “No, no-”Karamatsu wasn't done with his rant. “You didn’t want to break the mirror. You wanted to break me. Are you happy? You won! I'm broken!” Karamatsu threw the cigarette he had been smoking to the ground.Ichimatsu could feel tears coming to his eyes. He had really fucked up this time. He had gotten Karamatsu to tell the truth, but at what cost? He had to explain himself, he couldn't handle his brother hating him like this. He grabbed onto a sleeve of Karamatsu’s jacket. “I didn't want to break you. I just wanted you to stop lying.”Karamatsu scoffed with disgust. “What are you talking about?”This was so frustrating! He would never admit to anything! Ichimatsu had to get him to talk! “All you do is lie. You hide behind that stupid personality of yours, and you lie, lie, lie! So I broke your stupid mirror. I thought you would be angry enough to stop lying, but obviously I was wrong.”“I'm not lying.”Ugh! Admit it already! Fine, Ichimatsu would bring up his proof that Karamatsu was lying. “Yes you are! Karamatsu nii-san, I saw what you were writing the other night. It was a suicide note, wasn't it?”Karamatsu looked shocked. “You saw that?” Karamatsu’s face distorted into a look between rage and self loathing. “You want me to die, doesn't that make you happy?”Oh fuck. Ichimatsu really had fucked up. “No, no-”“Well that sure didn't stop you from telling me to go die earlier!” He tore his arm away from Ichimatsu and punched the wall. “Won't you be happy if I finally died?! Won't you just be so pleased to have a painful brother like me out of your life?!”Karamatsu punched the wall again. Ichimatsu grabbed his arm. Karamatsu was bleeding. Ichimatsu felt like his heart was breaking, shattering, just like the mirror he had so callously broken. “Stop It! Please, just stop it. I'm sorry okay? I don't want you to die. I'm so fucking sorry. Please, just come home.”Karamatsu replied so coldly, Ichimatsu wasn't even sure it was really him talking. “I'm spending the night at Chibita’s. Choromatsu and I will come home tomorrow.”“Karamatsu, please won’t you forgive me?” Fuck. Ichimatsu was really crying now. He couldn't stop himself. It just hurt so much. Why had he been so stupid? Why couldn't he talk to his older brother like a normal person?“No. Go home. I'll see you tomorrow.”So he couldn't be forgiven then? Ichimatsu couldn't help it. He was so pathetic and he had hurt Karamatsu this much. He started to sob helplessly. Karamatsu turned around, like he couldn't even stand to look at him anymore. Ichimatsu started to walk away, his tears and the rain now mixing together on his face.“Wait.”“Huh?” Ichimatsu turned back.“I forgive you.”In the end, Karamatsu always was too kind. Ichimatsu ended up walking back in the rain wearing his brother’s leather coat. Well, it was his coat now. Ichimatsu couldn't stop his tears from falling anymore. He just hoped, that in the end, everything would be alright. If something happened to Karamatsu, Ichimatsu could never forgive himself.



Chapter End Notes
Okay the end for REAL this time lol.Next story I write will be about Ichimatsu. Coming...soon? As soon as I write it I guess. Thank you everyone for all your comments, kudos, and views! I really, really appreciate it. You know, I wasn't going to even publish this fanfic at all. I started writing it as a bit of vent piece when I felt really bad. I didn't want anyone else to see it because it felt so personal. I'm glad I shared it with everyone in the end. So thank you so very much. I love you!


BAD END 2
Chapter Summary
Bad Ending 2
Chapter Notes
You thought I was done, didn't you????? I'M NEVER DONE









Bad End 2 Part 2
Chapter Summary
A continuation of Bad End 2
Chapter Notes
You see a fanfic author, lying on the ground drinking a bubble tea, updating a fanfic that's been complete for a year. She hands you a note. You open it with wild fascination. It simply says one word. "Sup?"

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Osomatsu sat by the window, not really looking out it, not really looking at anything actually. Just sitting and staring off into the distance, his eyes red and sore from all the tears that had already fallen.This couldn't be happening.In his hand he held Karamatsu’s phone. He had retrieved several of Karamatsu’s and Choromatsu’s personal items from the hospital. Including the final note that Choromatsu left to the world, which sat next to him, still unopened. Yeah, they weren’t here anymore.They were dead.Choromatsu’s phone was locked. Karamatsu had never thought to put such a thing on his phone though. It might have some information pertaining to why he had decided to jump, but Osomatsu was scared to look. Just like he couldn’t look at Choromatsu’s suicide note. Looking would solidify that this had actually happened, that it wasn't just a bad dream.Somewhere inside, Osomatsu had assumed that one of them would find and stop Choromatsu from hurting himself. He had looked desperately himself for him, running all over the city in his search. He didn't think that Choromatsu would die. He really didn't think that Karamatsu would die as well. But that's exactly what happened, leaving the other brothers left behind to question why.He didn't know what had happened on that rooftop. Had they decided to jump together? Or much more likely, had Choromatsu jumped and Karamatsu, unable to bear the pain, followed him? He didn't know. In the end, it wasn't that important, they were both gone now. Gone to a place where Osomatsu could no longer reach them, no longer help them.Why hadn't they ever asked for help? Maybe it was his fault. He hadn't been the most open. In fact, the last few days he had been the worst eldest brother. He had practically kicked Karamatsu and Choromatsu out of the house, and that was after yelling at them both several times. No wonder they chose to die. Yeah, it was his fault.His grip tightened around Karamatsu's phone as he trembled. If only he had asked more questions instead of getting angry. He had jumped to the wrong conclusion about the job that his brothers had worked. The real reason for them working was so much more depressing than he could've realized. To pay for their own funerals. What the hell. How was he supposed to even think about that? It was so… painful.The phone in his hand started to ring. Osomatsu looked at it blankly. A phone call? He didn't look at the number and just answered the call thoughtlessly. “Hello?”“Matsuno-san?” A gruff voice came from the other end.“Yes? Or…” Osomatsu gritted his teeth. This was Karamatsu's phone. Obviously this man was looking for him. “I mean I am Osomatsu.”“Do ya know where Karamatsu-san is? This is his boss, he didn't show up for work today.”Osomatsu felt his hand shaking. He could hardly hold the phone still. “He died. So did Choromatsu. Sorry.”“What? Are ya serious?” The voice on the other end of the phone shook.“Yes. They are gone.” Osomatsu felt empty just saying that. Saying it made it more real, like a knife stabbing deep into his chest.“I'm. I'm very sorry for yer loss.”“Yeah.” What was Osomatsu even supposed to say? “Bye.” Osomatsu hung up the call, not wanting to talk anymore. It was too much.Then he was faced with the home screen of Karamatsu's phone. Well, guess there was no reason to delay looking at it anymore. There was a notification of a message at the top of the screen. Osomatsu didn't even want to know what it was about, but he clicked on it anyway. Might as well just read it now before his mind gnawed at him with the possibilities of what it could say.It was from the LINE app, something he knew Todomatsu used but had no idea that Karamatsu even had. Who had he been speaking with? Someone with the screen name “MeganeHakka”. Osomatsu scrolled up to the top of the messages, feeling like maybe he was invading Karamatsu's privacy. Well what did it matter if he was dead?It looked like it was a girl named Fumi. They had several conversations, including one about Ichimatsu. Who was this girl? Karamatsu had never mentioned her to him. Was this a part of that bizarre plan he had written? Something about finding a Karamatsu girl? Just how much did he not know about his own brother?He scrolled down to the most recent messages. Apparently Fumi had helped Karamatsu find Choromatsu by looking through security cameras. Then the messages got increasingly worrying. MeganeHakka: Oh god
MeganeHakka: I saw what happened
MeganeHakka: Kara-kun answer me!
MeganeHakka: I called an ambulance
MeganeHakka: He might be ok
MeganeHakka: Just answer me please
MeganeHakka: Karamatsu!
MatsunoKaramatsu: Thank you for your help my flower
MatsunoKaramatsu: Goodbye
MeganeHakka: Hey! What do you mean goodbye????
MeganeHakka: Answer me Karamatsu please!!!
MeganeHakka: Oh god
MeganeHakka: no no no no Osomatsu lowered the phone. Oh no. This poor girl had tried to help Karamatsu. And she had probably seen him jump. Fuck. What the hell. This was so much worse than he had imagined. He should probably message her to let her know what was going on, but he didn't even know what to say. Maybe later. When he could get his thoughts together.Well he had come this far. Might as well look through everything else. Karamatsu didn't have any text messages besides a few between him and Choromatsu. His photo gallery was empty besides a few selfies and a saved photo of some rather glittery pants. Typical. What was Osomatsu even hoping to find? It wasn't like Karamatsu would've typed out his feeling or something into his phone.One last place to look. Osomatsu opened his web browser, thinking of looking up his search history or something. Well that seemed pretty pointless. Karamatsu already had a ton of tabs open. The mundane ones being searches for pants or Nyaa-chan, the more upsetting ones being him looking up terms like “depression" and “suicide”. Maybe Karamatsu wanted help, but didn't know where to turn? If only Osomatsu had known. God he was such an idiot.The most upsetting of all was a page opened up to a website. It looked like it was a place for suicidal people to talk? Karamatsu had talked with others about this, clearly he felt like he couldn't talk with his own family. Well, besides Choromatsu.Speaking of Choromatsu, the page opened showed posts by someone named NyaaFan96. Posts from a few months back, talking about wanting to commit suicide by sleeping pills. Osomatsu immediately realized who NyaaFan96 was. That was Choromatsu.Oh god. This had been going on for far longer than he had realized and Choromatsu had actually tried to end his life once before when he was living on his own. Fucking hell. Why hadn't he told anyone? Why had there been so many secrets?What secrets were his other brothers hiding?Osomatsu turned his head back towards the bedroom. Ichimatsu was huddled up on the couch wearing the leather jacket Karamatsu had given him. Todomatsu was on the other end of the couch, looking at his phone and crying silently. Jyushimatsu sat in front of the couch, his hoodie pulled up over his knees. No one was making any noise, the last time anyone had spoken was when Osomatsu answered the phone.Osomatsu looked them over for a minute. Did they have secrets too? Painful secrets? What if one of them felt suicidal and was too afraid to ask for help? How would he know? Should he just ask?“Oi… guys…” Osomatsu spoke slowly, and everyone turned their heads towards him. “Have… have any of you felt the way Karamatsu and Choromatsu felt. Like life isn't worth living?”Jyushimatsu and Todomatsu shook their heads. Ichimatsu lifted a hand up. “I have.”Osomatsu looked down. Oh no. Was Ichimatsu suicidal too? He didn't want to lose anyone else. “Do you want to talk about it?” Osomatsu asked.“Not really. It was a while ago. I started going to therapy.”“You are in therapy?” Todomatsu gasped.“Yeah. Sorry I didn't say anything. I felt ashamed, I guess. Maybe I should've said something. Then maybe Karamatsu and Choromatsu wouldn't have hidden their intentions.” Ichimatsu let out a shuddering sigh. “Not to change the subject, but are we going to read Choromatsu's note?”Osomatsu looked down at the note. It felt so foreboding. He didn't want to read it, but it would probably help give the others closure. “Just give me a minute and we'll read it.”“Okay.” Ichimatsu turned back away, his eyes getting misty.He would have to keep an eye on Ichimatsu. But right now he wanted to finish looking through Karamatsu's phone. Well at the very least the forum he had visited. It looked like he had an account on there just like Choromatsu, which thankfully he was still logged into.Karamatsu had been messaging Choromatsu on that website. It looked like they had been talking for a couple weeks. Osomatsu scrolled up through the messages. MyLightShinesForYou: Hello, sorry to message you out of the blue, but I saw what you were posting about.
MyLightShinesForYou: Actually I feel very similar to you. I want to die, but I'm too scared to do it on my own.
NyaaFan96: Hello. I've seen you posting it’s not really out of the blue.
NyaaFan96: Yeah, I feel like a real coward. I want to die, but the thought of doing it alone terrifies me.
MyLightShinesForYou: Not to be too intrusive on your personal life, but I saw you make a comment about an oden stand. Do you live in Akatsuka Ward?
NyaaFan96: Actually I do? Why?
MyLightShinesForYou: So do I. Perhaps we could arrange to kill ourselves together? Osomatsu looked through the rest of the messages. They hadn't realized they were brothers. They had thought they were strangers, but they had still agreed to kill themselves together. Had they both been that desperate? Oh god, that day Choromatsu went out saying he was meeting up with someone. That was the day he met up with Karamatsu! No wonder he had been upset.Osomatsu had gleaned some answers from Karamatsu’s phone after all. He wasn't sure how much more he wanted to go digging. Every new thing he discovered was like another knife stabbing into his chest. Besides, he had kept everyone else waiting for long enough. They needed to read Choromatsu's suicide note.Osomatsu got up, going to stand in front of the couch since that’s where his brothers were all situated. “Alright.” Osomatsu took a deep breath as he took the letter out of the envelope. “Are you guys ready?”There were solemn nods from everyone else in the room. Osomatsu straightened out the paper, clearing his throat. This was it, Choromatsu’s final message to the world. He started to read.“I'm not really sure what to say. There is a lot of things I wanted to tell you all. So many words and feelings I want to convey. I'm not really sure if I'm capable. I've tried to write this note many times in the past and I've never really been able to say the words I wanted to. Hopefully this time I can say everything. This is my last chance.“I was always so determined to grow up. I wanted to become an adult, to be responsible, to be seen as mature. I never really succeeded in that regard. Even when I got a job and moved out, do you know what the first thing I thought of was? I thought of all of you. All of your faces kept going through my mind. I didn’t want to leave my NEET lifestyle behind. I wanted to stay with my family forever in a blissful, lazy existence. How stupid! I felt so conflicted. Why was it that I wanted to be an adult and not be one at the same time?“I guess that was my major problem all along. I was pushing myself to do something that even I didn’t want to do. I kept thinking it would eventually get easier, but it never did. I was so miserable, but giving up, going back home, and admitting I couldn’t do it on my own felt so pathetic. I started wanting to die. That was even more pathetic. I’d rather die than admit to my own failings.“There is more to the story than that, but I don’t want to ramble on forever. You can ask Karamatsu, I told a lot of it to him. My main point here is that my reason for killing myself now is because I’m such a failure. A pathetic, no good, failure. Everything I do I fail at. I’m so tired of trying because I know I’ll fail again. I’ll never become the person I want to be and that hurts so much. I’m in so much pain every single day. I just want it to end. I don’t expect you to understand. I know this might be painful for everyone else, but know that at least I’m not in pain anymore. Maybe that’s selfish, but I really can’t take it anymore.“And please don’t think this was rash decision. I’ve debated it over in my mind for several months now. I did keep trying to move forward, but the pain really has become too much at this point. I realized today that there isn’t any hope for me at all. I’ll just leave it at that. So that’s why I chose today to die.“This is getting a bit long, and I don’t really have the time to keep on writing forever. I just have a couple final things to say. First of all, please keep Karamatsu safe. He’s probably really upset right now and he might even try to hurt himself. Don’t let him. He deserves to live, unlike me. He’s not a complete failure. I really want him to be happy. So try to go easy on him too, okay? He’s more sensitive than he seems and words hurt him more than you guys know. And Karamatsu, I really am sorry for breaking our promise.“I guess I’ll say a few final words to all of you now.“Osomatsu, I think you can be a great eldest brother when you want to be. You’ve always lead us, and I think you did a good job. It can’t be easy having five little brothers to look after, but you always did it with a smile. Please make sure everyone is happy from now on.“Ichimatsu, I know we didn’t always get along, and I’m really sorry again about punching you in the eye. Take care of yourself, alright? You have a kind soul and I believe you can do great things if you put your mind to it.“Jyushimatsu, you are like a little ball of sunshine. You lighten up the world around you always. I really like your enthusiasm and joy for life. I know even you must feel sad sometimes, but you never let anything keep you down for long. Keep smiling!“Todomatsu, I always liked when we got a chance to hang out. We might not have very many similar interests besides maybe a fondness for using Twitter, but we always got along anyway. I think you try a bit too hard to make yourself look better, like lying that you are in college to try and impress girls. You really don’t need to do that. You don’t need to lie, you are great as you are, and if someone doesn’t see that in you, you don’t want to hang around them anyway.“Mom and Dad, thank you for raising me. I know it couldn’t have been easy with six children, but you both always gave everyone equal love and never let anyone feel left out. I really appreciate everything you have done. I couldn’t ask for better parents.“And finally, Karamatsu. You are a great older brother. I know you find it hard to find your self worth at times and that you put yourself down and blame everything on yourself. You need to see how wonderful you are! Please live a happy life after I am gone. That’s all I really want. Thank you for sticking by my side this past week, even though I made your life hell.“Just, thank you all so much. I’m sorry. Good night. Good bye.-Matusno Choromatsu”Osomatsu felt tears rolling down his cheeks. He quickly wiped them away, wondering how he managed to read out the whole letter when he felt like he was going to collapse. It was so hard to look at his brother’s final words, especially his messages to Karamatsu. Messages Karamatsu would never receive. Oh god, if Karamatsu had read this letter, maybe then he wouldn’t have jumped. Oh no.A strong arm pulled Osomatsu down to the ground. “Osomatsu-niisan.” Jyushimatsu wrapped his arms around him tightly. Before he knew it, Todomatsu and Ichimatsu had joined them on the floor, holding on to him as well. Osomatsu let himself cry openly for once. He needed to this time. This was the worst possible ending.



Chapter End Notes
Hey guys remember when I used to update this fanfic EVERYDAY. FOR A MONTH STRAIGHT? WELL GUESS WHAT????For the next couple of days you are gonna get that again. I have some more bonus stuff I wanted to post. SO HERE YOU GO.


Bonus Chapter: People Allergy
Chapter Summary
A music video for People AllergyEnglish Translation in the captions!
Chapter Notes
I wanted to make this for a long time, but I really couldn't when I was first writing this fanfic. I mean this song actually inspired a lot of this fanfic! I made reference to it in the chapter called "Failure" where Karamatsu has a dream. If you can recall, in that dream Choromatsu had a noose around his neck. I also titled a different chapter "Allergic to People" because of this song as well. The main problem back then was that I didn't have proper video editing software. I used Windows Movie Maker to make all the prior videos in this fanfic. I didn't start using AviUtl, the software I use now, until I was writing UN//Forgotten. Windows Movie Maker does not make it easy to make videos especially with Japanese subtitles. Oh god. THE PAIN. But it's super easy in AviUtl. Also, I started writing this fanfic just a couple days after getting a drawing tablet. I wasn't really used to it yet. I was also drawing in Photoshop CS2 which was a nightmare. Since then I've switched to FireAlpaca which is much better. This video is a testament to how much I've grown as an artist in a year! I've also grown as a writer, honestly. I reread this fanfic as I was getting ready to write Bad End 2 Part 2. I didn't realize how many spelling errors and grammatical errors there were. I fixed some of them. Also looking back at how I used to draw makes me cringe I want to redraw all the art in this fanfic, but dkfjdlskjf I think I'll leave it be. This fanfic is a part of me, all the rough spots included. Tomorrow is the last chapter of this special little bonus update, see you guys then!









One Year Later
Chapter Summary
A year after this all started, Karamatsu and Choromatsu make a different sort of list.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“Hey Kara, do you want to come out for drinks tonight?”Karamatsu frowned, but only slightly. He had just finished working for the day and was changing back into his street clothes as he pondered Hiroshi’s request. Any other night he would love to go out for drinks with his co-workers, but today was different. “My deepest apologies Hiroshi! I have a prior engagement. Perhaps we can go out another night?”Hiroshi broke into a wide grin. “Did you finally get a girlfriend?”“I must confess that my dashing good looks are too intense for the likes of any woman.” Karamatsu flipped the fringe of his hair. “I am spending the evening with Choromatsu.”“Oh? I haven't seen Choro in forever. How has he been?”Karamatsu paused. The last time Hiroshi had probably seen Choromatsu was right before… well a night that wasn't particularly happy. Not that Choromatsu had given any indication that anything was wrong. He had left work that day with the happiest smile. To think that Karamatsu had almost lost him that day. “Ah, he's been well.”“Good! Tell him ‘hi’ from me. I'll see you tomorrow Kara!” Hiroshi picked up his bag and left. It was time for Karamatsu to leave as well.As Karamatsu walked back out into the daylight, waving goodbye to his boss as he passed by, he felt just a bit melancholy. It wasn't strange that the events from that night were on his mind. In fact that was part of the reason why he had decided to hang out with Choromatsu tonight. Exactly one year ago on this very day, they had made a promise. Not a very good promise, and one that they had eventually broken. Perhaps the breaking of that promise was the best thing that had ever happened to them.Yes, they had made a suicide pact. It felt so surreal to even think back on those events. At the time Karamatsu had felt so hopeless. That there was no future for him. That his existence in this world was a problem and the only way to solve that problem was to take himself out. Now he knew better, but those feelings had been so strong at the time. It was painful to reflect upon them.Choromatsu had felt a similar way. Not for the same reasons, but he too had felt like he had no future. That he could never become an adult because of how his anxiety constantly paralyzed him. Seeing Choromatsu in so much pain had been hard, to the point that on several occasions Karamatsu had assumed the only way to save him was to kill himself and force Choromatsu to get help.That had been very stupid. A lot of pain might've been avoided if Karamatsu had asked for help from the beginning. He wasn't really capable of asking for help back then. It was only by a stroke of luck that he even found out about Choromatsu’s suicidal intentions. Everything had come together in such a way that allowed them both to get help. Even then he had come very close to losing his brother.At first he had nightmares that Choromatsu had jumped. It was terrifying. Those dreams, just like his constant thoughts of death and how he was worthless, had started to fade with time. It hadn't happened all at once, or even as fast as he wanted them to, but now there were days were those sorts of thoughts didn't occur to him at all.He wasn't wearing a mask anymore. He was happy. Really happy. It was marvelous. Karamatsu found a skip in his step as he waltzed on home.“Brothers! I have returned!” Karamatsu declared as he threw open the front door. Although by the shoes in the entrance that might have been a bit of an overstatement. It seemed like only Osomatsu was home. Everyone else must be out pursuing their daily activities, whatever those consisted of.Still, when was the last time he got to hang out with just Osomatsu? He wasn't in the living room, so Karamatsu could only assume he was upstairs. He made his way up to the bedroom, throwing open the door with a flourish. “Osomatsu! Good afternoon."Osomatsu was sprawled out on the floor near a fan, reading a manga. He looked up and gave a sleepy yawn. “Afternoon. How was work?”Karamatsu sat down on the couch, beaming. Oh how things had changed in only a year. At first Osomatsu had been so averse to him getting a job. To the point of kicking Karamatsu and Choromatsu out of the house upon learning about them having one. He had been so scared of losing his brothers that he nearly had, forever. But with time he realized that a job didn't mean that Karamatsu was going anywhere. He still lived at home! He just could help out his parents with bills, leading to his father working less. It was good for everyone. Karamatsu was glad that Osomatsu had accepted that, especially with the added costs of Karamatsu and Choromatsu now going to therapy.“Work was fine. I felt the sweat on my brow as the sun beamed her light down upon me, but I accomplished many tasks!” Karamatsu stated.“Oh yeah, it's hot out today. I don't know how you work in this weather.” Osomatsu lazily turned a page in his manga. “You look happy today.”“Hm! I am going to hang out with Choromatsu this evening. Do you know where he might be?”“I think he went to a job interview? He left wearing a suit a least.” Osomatsu shrugged. “You know him. He never stops looking for a job.”Karamatsu nodded. Choromatsu was steadfast in his dedication to finding a job. Although he had yet to be successful in that search. Karamatsu was sure that he would get one soon! Maybe even today, wouldn't that just be the icing on the cake?Well in any case, he had nothing to do but wait for him to return then. Osomatsu seemed absorbed in his manga, so Karamatsu should find an activity of his own. He pulled his phone from his pocket, opening up the web browser. He had been looking at aesthetic pictures on this one website. There were so many images that caught his attention! Sparkling visages, flowers with quotes overlaid that spoke to his soul, ah, he could look at these pictures forever. He scrolled on through, looking at breathtaking scenes of places he could only hope to visit. The world was such a vast, amazing place!“Karamatsu.” A hand waved in front of his face, breaking him out of his trance.Karamatsu looked up from his phone, blinking several times. “Ah! Choromatsu you have returned.” Seems he had wasted more time than he intended and Choromatsu was already back home. He was still wearing his suit along with his signature frown.“Yeah. I'm going to get changed. Then we can hang out or whatever." With his shoulders slumped, Choromatsu wandered away. Seems that maybe his job interview hadn't gone very well. In that case, Karamatsu would do his best to cheer him up tonight!After a few moments Choromatsu returned wearing his typical outfit of a hoodie and jeans. Still sporting that frown though. “So what did you want to do tonight?”“Tonight we shall go to the park!” Karamatsu leapt to his feet.“The park? Why the park?”“You’ll see!” Karamatsu grinned as he started walking backwards towards the door, nearly tripping over Osomatsu on his way.“Okay fine, let's go. See you later Osomatsu.” Choromatsu waved at the eldest.“Have fun!” Osomatsu grinned, looking up from his manga.“Farewell!” Karamatsu replied.The park wasn't very far away, but as they set off, Choromatsu was dragging his feet. “Is something bothering you?” Karamatsu already knew, but he’d rather hear it from Choromatsu. It wasn't good for him to keep his feelings bottled up.“Do I even need to say it?” Choromatsu groaned. “You know, same as always. I just can't seem to get a job. I always try so hard at interviews. You would think I'd find something by now. Someone would hire me! But no. It's so frustrating.”“I know you are trying your best. You'll find a job. I believe in you!” Karamatsu shot finger guns at him.“I'm glad you believe in me. I just wish an employer would.” Choromatsu rubbed the bridge of his nose. “I'm fine, sorry for being so grumpy.”“No worries!” The park was just up ahead. The shouts of children playing resounded in the air. It was a familiar noise, reminding him of their childhood and how often they had played at this very park. It felt like a long time ago, the times before they had become adults and became bogged down by responsibilities and worries. A carefree time, but they had all been pretty carefree even in their adult years. Karamatsu still hardly considered himself an adult despite having a job. Heh, he was an adult though. It had happened without him noticing.Karamatsu pointed towards a picnic table, “Let's sit there.”“There?” Choromatsu's lips slipped into something of a frown. “Isn't that the table we sat at when… oh never mind.”Yeah, it was. That was sort of the point. It was the same place they had discussed rather serious plans at one point. Today was going to be different. That's why Karamatsu wanted to return to this place after all this time. Karamatsu swung his leg up with as much gusto as he could manage before taking his place at the table. Choromatsu sat down across from him. “Ah, brother I think you may remember this place. This is where we made a suicide pact and discussed our bucket lists.”Choromatsu crossed his arms against his chest. “How could I forget.”“Well it's been exactly one year since that fateful day, and I think we should celebrate being alive by making a different sort of list.” Karamatsu pulled out his phone. “A list of things we want to accomplish for the future!”“Oh? Is that what you wanted to do today?” Choromatsu pulled out his own phone and looked at it pensively. “It's been a year. I haven't even accomplished anything in the past year.”“Sure you have!” Karamatsu spoke up. “You’ve been healing, which is a big accomplishment in and of itself. You’ve made plenty of progress forwards, even if that progress isn't visible to others.”“You've made more progress. No one would look at you and even think you had been suicidal a year ago.” Choromatsu tapped at his phone. “I'm still such a mess.”“It's not a race brother! I don't think you are a mess, but worry not, that's what our lists will be for. Making quantifiable progress towards our futures!” Karamatsu pulled open a document on his phone and showed it to Choromatsu. “And, heh, this was something my therapist suggested I do, since I felt like I wasn't making much progress in my recovery either. Making goals I can work towards!”Choromatsu looked over his rather short list. “Watch the sunset over the ocean and get your driver's license?”“I haven't worked on the list much yet,” Karamatsu nodded. “But I desire to see the ocean soaked in the colors of the waning sun. That's a rather easy goal. I also want to be able to drive, to feel the freedom of the open road. That's more of a long term goal, however.”“Oh I see. Hmm.” Choromatsu opened up a document on his own phone and typed out: “Get a job.”“Of course.” Karamatsu laughed. “May I suggest an alternative to that goal? Or a goal to work in tandem with that one?”“Like what?”“Well to me it feels like you are in a rut. You keep trying to get a job, but not succeeding. Maybe you should invest in some job training instead? It would make your resume look better in the future and make you more desirable to hire.” Karamatsu explained.Choromatsu held a finger above the keyboard, but eventually tapped out, “Job training.”“Actually.” Choromatsu looked at his phone with a smile. “That's probably a good idea. Maybe I should take a break from the interviews for awhile. I'm just making myself upset and anxious.”“Good plan!” Karamatsu shouted. “You should think up a more fun activity for the future as well.”“Something fun.” Choromatsu tapped at his phone before holding it up for Karamatsu to see.“A Nyaa-chan concert?” Karamatsu felt a sudden shock back to the bucket lists they had made before, and the goal that could never be completed.“Oh, she's actually making music again!” Choromatsu grinned. “I guess it didn't work out between her and her husband, so she's an idol again. I haven't been to one of her concerts in ages. I want to see one again.” Choromatsu gripped his phone more tightly for a moment, looking thoughtful. “If I had died back then, I never would've seen her come back. You know when she quit being an idol I lost so much hope. I felt like I had to change as well, and when I failed I felt like I had nothing left. But now she's back and I'm still trying to change.” Choromatsu looked up, his grin only growing wider. “Maybe I have made some progress forward.”“You certainly have! I'm very proud of you.”“What about you? Isn't there other things you want to do?” Choromatsu asked, pointing at the phone.There was a multitude of things he wanted to do. All of them were impossible. It felt pretty pointless to put goals he knew he'd never achieve on his list. “I don’t know. I think perhaps my goals are all too lofty.”“Really? I mean last time we made lists we managed to pull off a concert. Is anything really impossible if you put your mind to it?” Choromatsu replied.“Hmm.” Karamatsu had one rather big goal, which was actually a bunch of smaller goals all rolled up into one. “I want to visit America.”“Oh? That's hardly impossible Karamatsu.”“Ah, but I need to learn English better, save up money, all that. It's not exactly an easy goal.” Karamatsu sighed. It would take forever to even save up the money. It was probably hopeless for him.“It might take awhile, but you can do it. Hey, you could even watch the sun set over the ocean in America.” Choromatsu pointed out. “I think it's a good goal.”“Maybe.” Karamatsu found himself typing it out anyway. Well it wouldn't be a good goal if it didn't take work. Writing it down made it feel more concrete. This was something he wanted to do, and he was prepared to work towards it. “Do you have a more lofty goal as well?”Choromatsu pulled at the sleeve of his hoodie for a moment, biting his lip. “You are going to think I'm being stupid, but there is something.”“I won't think that!” Karamatsu stood up, putting one foot on the bench as he pointed at Choromatsu. “Follow your dreams, brother!”“I want to learn to draw.” Choromatsu looked down at the table. “I want to make a manga.”Karamatsu sat back down. “How fantastic!”“You think so?” Choromatsu looked back up.“I do. Art is a beautiful way to express yourself.”“Yeah.” Choromatsu typed it into his phone. “I might not be able to, but I have a story I want to tell.”“I believe you can do it if you work hard.” Karamatsu nodded.“Yup. It's worth trying at least, even if I do end up failing.” Karamatsu was so proud of Choromatsu. At one point he was so afraid of failure he refused to even try anything new. Even saying that he was going to try was a huge step in the right direction. “I'm surprised you didn't put anything related to your music on your list yet.”“Hmm.” That was his biggest dream, but it really sounded impossible. As much as he wanted to be a musician, there were so many more talented people out there. Oh, but what was he thinking? He might not succeed, but he would never do anything if he didn't at least try! He typed out something on his phone and held it up for Choromatsu to read.“Play at a summer music festival. I like it. I'm sure you can do it.” Choromatsu said with a smile.“Maybe! I can only try!”“That's the spirit. You know, we should keep adding to our lists, then next year we should come back here to see how far we've come.” Choromatsu closed the document on his phone, a content look on his face.“A splendid idea! It can be a yearly tradition. A celebration of our continuing lives.” Karamatsu turned off the screen on his phone, putting it back into his pocket. “Why don't we head out for some drinks now?”“That sounds great.” Choromatsu stood up from his seat. “Let's party!”Karamatsu got up from his seat, enjoying Choromatsu's enthusiasm. Before this day had been filled with only sad memories. Now he had a future of happy memories to look forward to.  Sitting in the bar with Choromatsu, Karamatsu was enjoying an iced tea. It had been awhile since he relaxed like this with him. What a refreshing evening! Just as he took a sip of his drink, he felt his phone buzzing at him in his pocket. He took it out to see a new message from Fumi.Fumi! Without her help back then he never would have been able to find Choromatsu that night. If this was a story she was the real hero of it. Karamatsu had remained friends with her and her girlfriend Maaya for the past year, although lately she had been busy with school so they hadn't hung out in awhile. Karamatsu opened up the app the speak with her.MeganeHakka: Kara-kun! How are you? MatsunoKaramatsu: Today has been a fantastic day. I worked and now I'm out having some drinks with Choromatsu. How are you my flower? MeganeHakka: Good. Little less busy lately. How is Green Frog doing? MatsunoKaramatsu: He had an interview today but it didn't go well. I cheered him up though. MeganeHakka: That's good MeganeHakka: We should hang out soon. Me, you, Maaya-chan, and Green Frog. I've been studying too much I need a break! MatsunoKaramatsu: What a great idea, when are you free? MeganeHakka: This friday! Let's go back to that one bar. We can play darts again. I'll beat you!! MatsunoKaramatsu: We’ll see about that. I've been carefully honing my skills. I may be unrivaled in my prowess now. MeganeHakka: Ha! MeganeHakka: I haven't been slacking either. I'm undefeated. MeganeHakka: Oh yeah. MeganeHakka: I was wondering about something. MatsunoKaramatsu: Hm? MeganeHakka: A long time ago, you said you felt like your life was like a tragedy. MeganeHakka: Do you think you finally got your happy ending? MatsunoKaramatsu: Heh, I think so. MeganeHakka: I'm glad. I'll talk to you again soon. Bye Kara-kun! MatsunoKaramatsu: Farewell my flower!



Chapter End Notes
Thank you for reading my story!This is probably the actual end, for real this time. Unless I update it in another year!



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



